*'-,ft. %

mproucmentlEra M *X 4?

: -,--. -'

'4msi

APRIL, 19 45 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH gives you Full Heat INSTANTLY

That's Speedy down there on the rangetop...

helping a busy homemaker save precious minutes. He leaps to work at the turn of a valve;

enables you to get breakfast #\ in a jiffy; heats the

oven so rapidly, you can bake XA from a cold start;

provides more hot water, faster; and delivers quick

warmth on cold mornings. Speedy and the other gasflame quints i\ Cleany, Steady, Flexy and Thrifty...

will make life easier, happier in your postwar f home. * Go modern... with the Flame Family.

Ask your architect or builder to specify, "allgas."(*p

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY I

Serving Utah and Wyoming The "Scooter Set

Refuels on By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Probably the highest cliffs in the world are those on the east coast of Formosa, which rise to 6,000 feet from the sea. They are part of a continuous

range of 12,000 feet running almost the length of the island, rising to 14,000 feet in places, which squeezes up to 300 inches rainfall a year from southeast monsoons. This eastern half of the

island is very rugged and the home of numerous aboriginal tribes, the northern ones being headhunters. Since this half

has been difficult to subdue, there is a frontier guard zone with an electrically charged fence to protect the settled western plains.

p\R. Vladimir Negovsky has developed a technique for saving otherwise doomedto-die people with a combination of blood transfusions and artificial respiration. His major contribution

is in using the combination of the two methods, though his method of using each is unusual. For the artificial respiration an air tube is inserted directly

into the windpipe and air forced in by pressure, stimulating the nerves and the body's control system. The blood is injected into the arteries, making possible

feeding the heart muscle. Only later

after the heart has begun functioning is blood put directly into the veins. Better than ever

rP'HE diet of turkey poults must include at least three organic substances if perosis and dermatitis are to be prevented, it has been found at Pennsylfor babies vania State College. The legweakness

and deformity which may occur in Sego Milk is now nearly three times rapidly growing poults, and the other, richer in sunshine Vitamin Dwhich is an inflammation of the skin, can both be prevented if sufficient biotin, choline, and another as yet unrecogEleven years ago, when the irradiation of Sego Milk benized substance found in brewers'yeast gan, it was generally believed that 135 units of vitamin D are present in sufficient quantities in the per quart of milk was sufficient to protect babies from diet.turkey

rickets (faulty bone development), which had been widely prevalent. Since that time, experiments have been in

quoted, paraphrased, orChakespeare progress every day seeking to determine the truth about*"* in different chapters alluded to 460 the Old and New Testaments and Vitamin D. Science now knows that 400

Apocrypha, showing an excellent units are needed in a quart of milk to make knowledge of the Bible, according to a it most beneficial to babies and children.

recent study by Richmond Noble. All Sego Milk now produced contains 400

4 units of vitamin D. The Sego Milk that has

A siliconcontaining rubber, "silibeen so exceptionally good for babies in cone,"has been found to still be the past will be better for them in the elastic and soft during and after long future.

use at very cold temperatures where most rubbers become brittle. One rubber of this type, though it can be pulled Segd Milk Products Company

and kneaded like bread, still bounces Originator ol Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West like a tennis ball when dropped on a Plants in Richmond. Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

hard surface.

(Concluded on page 172) APRIL, 1945 169 Jke Lcover >omrmi'/? i.

April skies, burgeonLjreetmad ing trees indicate hope that spring is By Thelma Ireland into entering her QmDrweraetitbra really time Most of the trees the own, bringing of planting of the crops APRIL, 1945 VOLUME 48, NO. 4 To weargreet boutonniereseach April harvest the that time of

one. a joyous may be "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Butdaypussy willow puts study is cover This by

Hobart of Monkmeyer Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement on gloves

Press. Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward To shadow box with

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of May.

Latterday Saints * "(1 -K Piioneer J 2),uud May issue of Jke (Lditop'd Jciae The Preparing for 1947 Improvement The

Era will carry mesOn Overcoming Appetites...Heber J. Grant 179 April 5 to July 24 th

sages of the General are to be "Pioneer

Conference held April Days"throughout the 6-8, 1945, in Salt Lake Church. During that

City, Utah. Lnurch reaturei period the heroic deeds

of the founders of at attendance Since of 180 Silver L. Wilkinson Ernest Pieces Thirty Interof the and Utah neof conference has

to are mountain West 182 President K, Rufus Hardy restricted cessity been heralded. combe To than this year more 183 President Bennion Samuel O.

plete plans provide and before, these pagever Marvin Around O* Ashton 189 Arms is Him Put Your the for "This means will an es assume

Place"monument, The the and Reconciliations: Evidences Were important increasingly XCI—Who for Improvement Era 197 bringing Danites? in role Widtsoe John A,

will contain comMay messages Church details. plete Column.... 199 Moves Church to The On 193 NoLiquor-Tobacco memberthe Church

ship at large. Priesthood: Melchizedek 198 Helps for Alcoholics, EdThe Seventy 186 ward J. McGoldrich, Jr 174

Aaronic 201 Genealogy 200 Change of Address:

Ward Teaching 202 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adEditors dress. When ordering a

include please change, J. Grant Heber Jreatu,re6

stencil impression a from A. Widtsoe John Specialf issue recent the of magaZend- (The Sows Righteousness""He Who Sows Corn zine. changes Address

Editor Managing Avesta)...Levi Edgar Young unless 186 cannot be made

Richard L Evans The Southern Indian Mission—Part I Juanita Brooks 188 the old address as well as

the new one is included. A Mormon Wife—The Life Story of Augusta Winters Associate Editors Grant—VI: Pleasant Grove Mary Grant Judd 184 Executive and Editorial

Marba C. Josephson Religion in the Schools Erik W Modean 190 Offices:

Street, 50 North William Main Mulder Bible 192 Calvin T* Ryan Grow Let Them On the Up (on leave 1, Salt Utah. Lake City

forces) Square....Richard 194 L* Temple from Evans Spoken with the armed The Word

Copyright 1944 by Mu176 the Universe, Exploring Frankthe Bookrack On Inc., tual Funds, a CorGeneral Manager lin S. Harris, 169 Books, Charles Josie..203 Homing: Jr poration of the Young

George Q. Morris Telefact 172 Handy Hints 204 Men's Mutual ImproveSome Cultural Characteristics Cook's Corner 205 ment Association of the

of Christ of Jesus Church Associate Manager ofDibblethe Pueblos, Charles E. 173 NewsYour PageFromandthe OursCamps 209224 Saints. All Latterday

Lucy G. Cannon rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 a year,

Business Manager (L>ditc"onate copy.in advance; 20c single

John D. Giles Conference Notice 196 Entered at the Post

Office, Salt Lake City, National Advertising Passing of Samuel O, Bennion and Rufus K> Hardy 196 Utah, as secondclass

Representatives matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of Francis M. Mayo, postage provided for in

Salt Lake City storied, [oeh J section 1 1 03, Act of OcEdward S. Townsend,

and The Southern Indian Mission Juanita Brooks 188 Julytober,2, 1917,1918. authorized San Francisco

Los Angeles That SevenUp Cow.. James P* Sharp 191 The Improvement Era

is not responsible for unof the Desert 208 F* R Hulet Bolle, Heritage and Dougan solicited manuscripts, but and Chicago contributions. welcomes Spring Greetings, Georgia Thelma IreWhen Sunday Came, New York

land 170 Moore Eberling 187 All manuscripts must be

I. in the....200 Traveling Alfred suffiAdventure, accompanied by Tooke Audit Bureau of Frontispiece: Member, for Giving, V. Elaine for Kathrine Design delivery H. Holy Land, cient postage

Circulations 216 1 77 Emans Williams and return.

Poetry 1 78 170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the leader, "appears Here Mormon full stature four imJoseph the Prophet lives in the Another and different story of a square, and measurably superior to most of the hearts of his people with affection most significant career.

eminent men of his time."undiminished by time. JOSEPH SMITH, THE

SMITH, JOSEPH AN JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50 PROPHET $3.00 $3.00 PROPHET AMERICAN

Wilford Woodruff, George Q. CanEnow the Christian churches and intelliardent, noh, Jacob Hamblin,

gent, fearless disciples of the you will understand the Restored

Prophet, tell their story in the classiChurch. 'All other considerations were concal manner.

THREE MORMON CHRISTIANITY THROUGH tained in the Holy Ghost."

CLASSICS $2.50 THE CENTURIES $2.00 THE HOLY GHOST $2.00

DESERET "THE BOOK CENTERBOOKOF THE INTERMOUNTAINCOMPANYWEST'44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET P. O. BOX 958, SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

Please send me Name 'Address The following books: Herewith find $

APRIL, 1945 m Exploring the Universe (Concluded from page 169) TEtEFACT

S. A./""'hinese dictionaries have to have an MORE LOCOMOTIVES IN SERVICE IN THE U.

"* index. This is necessary to find on UNDER REPAIR IN SERVICE

which page a given character will be OR STORED found and defined. &9MM|3|3Mik

sufferindicate tatistics that persons **-*C obliterans, thromboangitis ing from one type of hardening of the arteries,,942are nearly always heavy smokers, bu* %% %%%%%%%%%* the reason is not known.

1944/ASTS of snowflakes can be made with Each symbol%wwwwrepresents 4,000 locomotives the help of a special resin. The

resin in a solvent is spread over the PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION.

snowflake, at belowfreezing temperatures, and the solvent allowed to evaporate. When the resin is warmed the ice

melts and the water evaporates through Tt has been estimated that a twoinch in 1800 to $92.08 in 1942, while the

resin,the leaving a permanent snowin the treasury held and banks money heat will the reduce covering of snowflake resin. cast in the form increased $.28 to $197.60. from air the earth the and between exchange

above by almost one third, and that a

Ckin color does not seem to be deterfour-inch covering will reduce it about "TpHE thirteenmile Alva B. Adams tun-

*** mined by climate. American Intwo thirds. nel under the continental divide in

dians are spread almost from pole to Colorado was bored so accurately that pole, but all are red. There is no variaXTicotine is formed in the roots of the grades met last June within three

tion in the yellowness of Mongolians the tobacco plant instead of the quarters of an inch and the alignment from Siberia to IndoChina, nor in leaves as formerly believed, it has been within seven sixteenths of an inch.

blacks wherever they may be. Though shown by Dr. Ray F. Dawson.

white strains differ greatly in color, this is apparently not from the climate. The /Clifford Ashley has just published

white Lapps are just as swarthy as TPhe average per capita money in a book which gives the names,

Italians and Greeks, Professor Emil circulation outside the Treasury in sources, histories, and uses of 3,900

Werth points out. the United States increased from $4.99 knots.

NIVERSITY O VJ TAH

The Largest and Most Complete Summer School in the Intermountain Area 1945 DATES FOR ALL TEACHERS TO REMEMBER

Summer Quarter June 11 to August 25

Six Week Session June 11 to July 20

Post Session July 23 to August 23

Regular resident faculty and the following visiting instructors:

Anderson, C. L., Professor of Physiology, Driggs. Howard R., ProfessorEmeritus of Mims, Edwin, ProfessorEmeritus of EngPublic Health and Hygiene; Utah State EnglishEducation, New York Univerlish, Author, Lecturer; Vanderbilt UniAgricultural College, Logan, Utah. sity, New York. versity, Nashville, Tennessee.

K., of B. State Director Secof Farnsworth, Allen, Superintendent E. State Bateman, Moffitt. City of J. Superintendent Provo C,

Education. ondary Instruction. Public Utah

. -,. ', Schools.. Supervisor Kindergarten Green, SuperMay, Eva Bristol, Ruth, and Leader Group Gla, Professor Associate A.dYs. Public Salt Primary Lake Grades; WisconEducation; and in Elementary visor nRel?h?"V<>f Anthropology; College, Barnard-'New Schools, Utah. Milwaukee, College, State sin Teachers

- Cltv York York < New Winifred, Parof Hazen, State Coordinator Wisconsin.

I., Strakhovsky, Leonid ent Education. Fellow Research Departof the Head Montague, Charman,

ment of Design; Syracuse University, Havighurst, R. J., Professor of Education; in Slavic; Harvard University (teaching

New York. University of Chicago, Illinois. Russian history and literature).

CONFERENCES—INSTITUTES

School Administrators'Conference—June 1115.

Institute on Professional Relations—June 19.

Institute on Human Development—June 20, 21, 22.

Professor Edwin Mims of Vanderbilt University

June 25July 6, for a course and lectures in literature.

Conference on Social Work—July 9-13. Conference on Radio Education—July 16.

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PUEBLO PITCHER AND BOWL WITH BLACK

AND WHITE DESIGN '—Photograph, Courtesy University of

Utah Art Project, W.P.A.

SOME CULTURAL

CHARACTERISTICS OF THE

lneblcOS

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

ttbout 700 A.D. a period of change

/A and readjustment altered the cul- * * tural characteristics of the Southwest. The longheaded Basketmaker MWj

people with their excellent coiled baskets and crude pottery began to dis- "V7"OU can quickly "glamorize"wartime people applace In theirappear. a new

on meals with delicious hot biscuits, made built of masonry housespeared who the surface of the ground. They have from readymixed Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour.

people. called the Pueblobeen

tech- *,&**> It's so easy - just add milk or water to this Building the Basketmaker on niques, pottery progressed and gradualready-mixed biscuit flour -and count on

the beginnings able to trace areWely replaced other types of containers. perfect biscuits every time. Every biscuit is of BISCUIT, tender, guaranteed to be unconditionally Basketmaker pottery fromPueblo

FlOUR fi coiling continued;times. technique will The be reyour money light, and tasty - or

designs white becamethe and black exefunded. Try Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour today. better generally variedmore and

cuted. Pitchers, bowls, and seed jars It also makes wonderful shortcakes, dumpappeared as new forms. In fact, this lings, coffee cakes, and muffins. Just follow

exclusively black and white pottery became the principal avenue of artistic the recipes on the package.

expression in the area for at least five hundred years.

The new people had a tendency to be Ingredients are a blend of roundheaded. Probably due to the highest quality: wheat

hardness of their cradle boards the flour, shortening, powchildren developed an extreme flatness dered milk, sugar, salt andon the back of their heads. Sometimes With baking powder.

this artificial head deformation reached such extremes that the head became definitely wider than it was long. From

what information we now possess, however, the mental ability of the Pueblo

Indian was not impaired by this posterior flatness.

In time the one and two room surface houses dwellthe great Pueblo became places.ing considerably, varied Pottery GLOBE Biscuit Flour

and each region developed a characteristic form and design.

APRIL, 1945 173 Melp for* ricoholics ByMcGOLDRICH,EDWARD JR.J.

( Reprinted in part by special permission had entered the mayor's office to from the "American Mercury,"

I declinepermissionan appointment.to set up a NewI left Yorkwith February 1945.)

City Bureau of Alcoholic Therapy—the

first municipal enterprise of its kind in the individual to learn something of his the country. One month later, the bupersonality and experience. They are

reau began functioning from offices on never given as rules for memorizing.

the sixth floor of the Municipal Lodging They are merely temporary props which

House. Today, an independent unit the man must consciously accept as a

within the department of welfare, it ocjumping-off spot for his own selfcupies its own threestory building in analysis.

the Bronx—aptly named Bridge House The bureau is not connected with any

by Mayor La Guardia. I am neither a private organization and is not a hosdoctor nor a psychiatrist; nor have I pital, clinic or institution, but a home

profesinclination being a toward any Its fourteenroom building a club. and several brands. each Open Buy the very can sional Indeed, "reformer."residence, provides temporary length the wide. the color. Note Check Morning is that one cornerstone bureau of our no being of stay determined by individual natural appetizing, color. Milk's

can make an alcoholic stop drinking. circumstances and needs. As soon as a

He does not need reformation, but inman is "in condition,"he is required to formation. accept employment and seek quarters

As a recovered alcoholic, I know all elsewhere. Thus Bridge House repretoo well the false joys and the real torsents a truly pioneering effort.

ments that go with drinking. I know, Obviously, a steady job is part of the

too, the deceptions the alcoholic practherapy, for a man must replenish his tices on himself; and I have tried the wardrobe and lay away a reserve fund

"cures"that do not cure. as a step toward building up his selfMedical science has long since demrespect.

disease; that alcoholism is a onstrated indaily After years periodic or of texture. See Compare rich how creamy to regard I prefer man, a nonmedical toxication, is alcoholic the confronted, it as Morning Milk is! use Thousands emotional drinking as an excessive disnot the with of drinkproblem just like cream. so much harmony—an illat-ease. ing as with the fearful prospect of living

Far beyond the borderline of being without drinking. That is why the bu-

a potential alcoholic, I had already reau's therapy prescribes a changein- reached that point from which there is thought process, which results in a never any return to moderate drinking. normal perception of values previously

Determined to find out the reasons distorted.

underlying my weakness, I became a patient of Dr. Menas Gregory. Poth before and since I undertook alcoholic career, as therapy count- a

report the gossip carried Office that less experiences as these such have his skill of the end had reached he alcoshown and me that men women one chronic backholics and patience—with drink of frustration because and taste each just milk Then that nothing and had decided for a longing escape. Still, emotional the can. slider, as it comes from

Yes, you can taste the more could be done except to commit there are untold numbers of variations.

institution. Although state to a difference. man Milk the Morning Drinking disis not a refuge only from

in, I rushed business, of it a finer flavor none has my was it appointment catastrophe; and grows

that doctor to the intimated effect in and out of a desire celebrate, to a clinch to mistake. a he was making deal. alcoholics are neurotics Many Utah's Own find to adjustment the everyday Dr. Gregory who Irritated amused, and

FinerFlavored humored me. "All right, you take over world a dull task.

the case."So, with my heart in my Occasionally some drinker will

mouth, I became the doctor and emerge by his own efforts into a permaMORNING MILK "treated"Mr. X. A short time after, nently sober status, while another may

astounding as it may seem, Dr. Gregory straighten out with the help of a friend,

confessed that I accomplished more for a clergyman, or a loved one who has the {iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Mr. X than he had. Subsequently, he right understanding of the task. The

allowed me to talk with others of his great majority, however, will respond patients. only to the example of another alcoholic.

IIN that believe director That the For YEARS OVER is why USE Fim paGregory's Dr. with I talked As of Bureau of a Alcoholic Therapy ** cases that most to see tients, I began should himself alcoholic. a recovered be of simple in treatmentAids Canker, weaknesses fall Certain into a pattern. course, fact the that mere he is a Of

I constantly and faults out cropped andsore throat other mouth minor and itself alcoholic recovered not of does found myself repeating certain direcqualify him. Above all, the director must

into a resolved these Graduallyand throat irritations. tions. his an of have and work

of capsules,"a form series "thought of nature. the with neceshuman actual Aloveman techdiet or thoughtprovoking mental sary qualifications trained in can be

bureau's the underlies nique which if three willing to devote his monthsHall's Canker Remedy are not treatments. therapeutic They task. full time to the

536 East 2nd City, Utah presented So.—at Salt Lake indiscriminately, but applied

0IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHHII1IIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIII one or two at a time after talking with (See also page 199.)

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BEES NEED

They say that "bees never get Conoco Nth oil's additional ingrecaught in the rain."Maybe you dient—a climax of notable reclaim you've seen different. But search. This effort developed the

the changed natural light as a magnetlike effect that makes storm approaches is supposed to metal attract oilplating—lubrimake bees get busy and fly home. cant fastened square in the path

They may be weatherwise or of friction. And you can credit the

not.be!—forButSpringyou'veweathersimplydemandsgot to ingsameyourintensiveoilplatedresearchenginewith makdefy

an oil change in the car you cannot corrosion.

replace, motor and Conoco N both of causes worst wear Then for oil will oilplate engine your safer are curbed. you're from And resistance extreme to wear walking! layups junking—

That's really how to hold down Surely Conoco Ni is worth its carbon, gum and sludge. slight extra cost. Oilplate today.

Continental Oil Company That's really how to keep up engine power.

That's really how to get good mileage from your oil and CONOCO gasoline. your

The special lifegiving quality of oilplating comes from patented MOTOR OIL

APRIL, 1945 175 ntdeBoodracfe THE RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS (Joseph Fielding Smith. DeseretNews Press,

Salt Lake City. 1945. 336 pages. $1.75.) Mormon Pioneer Novel

i- WheneverJoseph Fieldingthe pen Smithor theisvoicedirectedof Elderto a

THE GAY SAINT mentalsgospel theme,of the oneplan mayof lifeexpectand salvationthe fundato

By Paul Bailey be unequivocally stated and strongly supported by the evidence of history and of

A novel packed with scripture.expectancy Thisis fulfilled.book isTheno titleexception;of the volthe

early Mormon history ume is the title of a series of radio addresses and the romantic lore delivered each Sunday evening, with one of pioneer days in Caliexception,1944, on thefromweeklyJune radio4 to serviceDecemberof 31,the fornia, when that land Church, from the Salt Lake Tabernacle, was a fabled new world over Station KSL. The author, who is a

beyond the farthest memberApostles, ofandthewhoCouncilis also ofthe thehistorianTwelveof mountains of the West. the Church, has supplemented and annotated

The story is woven these addresses to make this volume, which around the life of Sam nowworkcomesas wellfromasthegoodpress,gospela usefulreading.referenceIts

Brannan, one of the thirtyone chapters include, among other most colorful of all topics, discussions of The Dispensation of earlyday Mormon theIsrael,FulnessThe Gatheringof Times, ofTheIsrael,ScatteringThe Reof leaders—the man who demption of Judah, The Times of the Genlanded a shipload of tiles, and so on, through the basic principles

Saints, via Cape Horn and events that make up the Lord's work and the Hawaiian Ismony"among hisis convincingchildren. Theand"Closingunforgettable.Testilands, at Yerba Buena The Restoration of All Things, another of

(San Francisco) months You will be thrilled with the glamor and several Church books by this able author, before Brigham Young adventure of this fastmoving novel willdoctrinaltake itsandwelldeservedhistorical writingsplace amongof thethe and his pioneers enyou'll be amazed at the portrayal of the Church, and will find its way into many tered Salt Lake Valley. strange character of Sam Brannan. appreciative homes both for reading and for

reference. It is another creditable and time-

-K * -X * ly work by a highly qualified student of the

FOR THIS MY GLORY gospel and preacher of righteousness.—R. L. E,

Another Paul Bailey novel—covering the exodus THE ENCYCLOPEDIA AMERICANA

from Nauvoo to the "Valleys of the Mountains."In (The Americana Corporation, New York

this book you travel with the famous Mormon Batand Chicago. 1944 Edition. Thirty volumes.

Intermountain Distributor: E. Brown, W. establishment in the a part play talion... you South Temple, or of 634 31, Box West

forget! $2.50. you'll never It's a book new homes. Salt Utah.) Lake City,

, w m m m, i, USE THIS HANDY ORDER BLANK r. '*I 'heentEncyclopediaform, retainsAmericana,its long demonstratedin its presusefulness. It appears in volumes of easy

size, attractively printed, Company and abundantly The BDDKCRAFT illustrated. volumes, The annual which have Utah 18 Richards Street. Salt Lake City 1,

Please send, postage prepaid, the books checked below: been issued for some years, bring all subto jects date. In up our day young and old

$1.75 All Things of Restoration $2.25 ProphetStatesman Smith: Joseph need of access to have ready such compilaSmith Fielding Joseph By Dr. G. Durham Homer By tions, in contain which small the compass $1.25 52.25 the Times Signs Gospel Kingdom The

of the knowledge A. Fielding Smith Taylor Joseph W. John Byof By world.—/. $3.00 Colonizer $2.00 The Young, Brigham of Most the High Temples By Dr. Milton R. Hunter By N. B. Lundwall CHRISTIAN ETHICS AND

$1.85 Reconciliations Evidences Value....$2.00 of and Priceless Assorted Gems ECONOMICS

A. Widtsoe John By B. N. Lundwall By Garth McBride. (Thomas Richard R. $2.50 This Glory For $1.25 MyDr. The Vision Smith. 428 pages. $3.00.) Bailey Paul By B. N. Lundwall By

Saint The Gay Always and Day science of resting economics, natural $2.50 G This A Bailey Richard L. Evans By Paul By effort cooperative upon $1.50 ** giving and the Hills $2.00 $1.50 the Race Covenant God's Unto

By lames H. Anderson By Richard L. Evans to each man according to his works, is the

Gospel Standards $2.25 Way to Perfection $1.25'Christian science of economics drawn from

Grant Heber J. Fielding Smith By By Joseph the teachings of Jesus. the adoption of The

$2.00 Great Answer The Constancy Change Amid in $2.00 practices involved such an economy would E. Margaret A. Lee Runbeck By By Bowen

the its relieve of troubles. of world most This....$2.00 Discovers Skeptic Mansions Mormonism His Many $2.25 A Q

S. T. Howells Rulon By is Riggs By thesis W. exhaustively impressively deand

$1.25 the In Gospel Net $2.75 Robe The in fended reasoning cogent ample and by Dr. John A. Widtsoe Lloyd C. By Douglas By scriptural quotations. is In addition, there

Life $2.50 Smith Traveler's Joseph Candle $2.00 set novel mathematical balance up a among Fielding Smith Joseph ofBy F. M. Updegraff By

Q $ (Check or money order) enclosed. Send C.O.D. contributions,powers, and retailcompensations,prices, which ispurchasingdefended

vigor. with equal This has volume been

I Name 'written a trained by lawyer and devout

Christian, out of his very heart. It is indeed

Address a new approach to A. W.

Tm m ft ft * i ft o m m m i———-—————- - (Concluded an old question.—/.on page 206)

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TRAVELING IN THE HOLY LAND 4T ray Old Shadows, Gray Old Walls, tell me—do you know?

\JJT Did He ever pass this way in the long ago?

Opal River slipping by, tell me, if you can?

Yes, you think you saw Him once on your bridge's span!

Dauntless as the earth, you say? Brave and clear of eye?& Wish that I had seen Him go... bravely passing by.

J\atkrine J4. vuililiami But Silver Sky and Silver Moon and Silver Stars hung low,

I know you blessed His going forth... in the long ago.

END OF THE

VIA DOLOROSA

Photograph by Alice Schalek from Three Lions

V77 fflosjt/u NEXT SPRING By Lorraine M. Stevens

There's little to see through the misty pane, And nothing to hear but the winter rain

Nothing at all, unless you share

The secret of gardens brown and bare,

The tremor of seed leaves thrust apart,

The quickening beat of a hidden heart.

O stark black tree with your groping root,

Secretly dreaming of flowers and fruit,

And a nest for birds that are far a-wing

My baby too will be born in spring!

Even now on his path there throng

Your unseen blossoms and unborn song.

The surge of spring and the child to be

Ride the selfsame tide of eternity,

Unknown beauty and power hurled

Towards the misty shores of this little world.

I, and the tree, and the quiet earth

Are bringing the planning of God to birth.

LIFE IS A MERCHANT PRINCE

By Annie Laurie Bird Life is a merchant prince, Upright and square, Who, in sunshine or rain, Displays his ware From which each customer May freely choose Whatever he desires, Or may refuse To buy. But choice once made,

The bargain stands; wii\l This merchant, Life, permits "UeHuse Pvease No countermands.

come \o order COMING HOME V By Edwin T. Reed

That's the stuff, Son... this is your time to give orders 'VT'es, I've seen a lot of Europe

* And the aromatic East, and make 'em stick. Later on it won't be so easy. And I've traveled, land and water,

still "head man'. See that It was good to visit London And here's a tip—while you're Quite ten thousand miles at least;

the womenfolk do your washing with FelsNaptha Soap. ButAndat thelast sevenI'm trulyhills happy—of Rome,

Coming home, coming home. At your age a fellow needs a large wardrobe—designed

liner giant are on a We for comfort more than style. He has to 'change'often with returning Crowded Yanks,

and on short notice. EveryReverentlyone aglowgivingbut thanks,quiet,

the through ship plows the darkness, against That means a fulltime job for Mother—and FelsNaptha WhileBlack the purple dome,

Soap. Keeping you supplied with garPlunging nobly ever onward

Coming home, coming home.

ments that are clean and sweet and snowy

I am dreaming of a cottage white. Keeping the house shipshape With a velvet lawn around,

and the rest of the family happy. FlowersAnd ainstripthe windowof gardenboxesground,

Where at twilight I'll be working

So remember this: It's fairly painless to In my warm and mellow loam,

darkhaired bride beside me 'do your duds'—with the gentle soap WithComingmy home, coming home.

that makes the doing easy... In the evening we'll be reading

That's FelsNaptha! (We've a cozy little nook

Where to left and right the shelving

Yields your hand a treasured book)

Not about some fierce Tarawa But in some old family tome That assures me this is real—

FELSNAPTHA SOARJanishesTattleTale Gray"Coming home, coming{Concludedhome.on page 204)

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KJn Lsi/ercomina fppetites

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

TXhe disposition of too many men is to practice all those things that are gratifying to the appetites and to the passions; but the requirements of the gospel are such that we

are not permitted to gratify our appetites; that it is necessary for us to be selfsacrificing, to

overcome and subdue these appetites. When we come to examine the requirements, such as

the Word of Wisdom, we find that by obeying these we grow in strength of mind and strength of body, and our tabernacles are fit dwelling places for the Holy Spirit of God. We expand

and become more godlike when we subdue and put under our feet these passions and appetites which are contrary to the mind and will of our Heavenly Father.

JLhe disposition of too many men is to be selfish and grasping; to think of

self, and self alone, and to figure solely for personal advancement. But all the teachings of the

gospel are the exact opposite of this. We find that the requirements that are made of us to pay

tithes and fast donations, and temple donations, and meetinghouse donations, and to contribute of our means to send the gospel to the nations of the earth—these requirements, faithfully and

generously complied with, chase out of the heart of man every selfish and sordid disposition.

Instead of being selfish, the faithful Latterday Saint is filled with love of the gospel, filled with a desire to contribute of his time and means for the onward advancement of the kingdom of

God. The gospel, if we are faithful to the requirements that are made of us of a financial nature, takes the selfish, sordid man and makes of him a generous, noble, freehearted individual

—one that we can love, one that God can love. The gospel fills us with a desire to leave the

things of this world, if need be, to go to the uttermost ends of the earth, without one dollar of reward, for the benefit and salvation of our fellow men.

So I might go on and enumerate all the requirements that are made of us. The disposition of too many men is to become lifted up in the pride of their own hearts, to be selfsufficient, to

forget God; but the gospel requires that we shall pray every day of our lives, not only with

our families, but in secret. This requirement prevents us from becoming selfsufficient; for it

makes us like little children, bowing down and praying to God for the light and inspiration of his Holy Spirit.

If we examine the plan of life and salvation, if we examine the commandments that are given to us as members of the Church of God. we will find that each and every

one of these commandments has been given for the express purpose that we may be benefited, that we may be educated, that we may be qualified and prepared to go back and dwell in the presence of our Heavenly Father. These duties and obligations are calculated to make us

godlike in our dispositions. They are calculated to fit and qualify us that we may become, as

it is promised that we can become, joint heirs with our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and dwell with him in the presence of God the Eternal Father throughout all the countless ages of

eternity.

As Latterday Saints, having received a testimony of the gospel, it devolves upon us to improve upon this testimony by keeping the commandments of God.

*Jhe (Lditord faqe APRIL, 1945 179 This article is condensed from an address which the author delivered at the Washington, D.C., THIRTY PIECES OF

chapel for Easter, 1944. Its historicity seemed of so great value that the

Era asked the privilege of using it. which they had partaken of the Last ing for reply, unsheathed his sword and

The author, born in Ogden, Utah, Supper and entered an olive orchard delivered a poorly aimed stroke at the received his secondary training at called Gethsemane. At the entrance, head of one, severing the ear of MalWeber Academy, in Ogden, his unthe Master instructed eight of his dischus, a servant of the high priest. Stepdergraduate work at Brigham Young ciples: "... Sit ye here, while I shall ping forward, the Master with a touch

his University professional (A.B.), ". pray."that 14:32.) (Mark.. Pray the servant, healed injured rebuked

training at George UniWashington into enter not temptation."ye Peter, (Luke to return the him commanded versity B. {IX. highest with honors),

its 22:40.) to scabbard, proclaimed sword and for and University Harvard (S.J.D., "... Peter, along the with took eternal truth him James, that: that He They pursuing postgraduate "with work

distinguished excellence"). He suband John, but before long denied himtake the sword shall perish with the

sequently was appointed to the law self even the companionship of these sword."(Matt. 26:52.)

three faculties to tarry of the and asked them University of Califorwatch and surrendered himself to the He then nia and School. Jersey for him. New Law He centurion his soldiers. and

his maintains legal office in now own fervently, praying After the Master life Washington, where, following a returned his disciples three found and Preliminary Hearing The is activity, also of Church promihe asleep. their Arousing slumthem from Accorded the Master in the stake, in nent serving the stake

bers he again to admonished watch them presidency Presidents with Ezra T. to the procedure /1ontrary laid down that into enter they and pray not temp- B. Brossard. and Benson Edgar

tation, but with understanding added: for the trial of prisoners under

"... the spirit indeed is willing, but the Hebrew justice, Jesus was then taken

flesh is weak."(Matt. 26:41.) before the high priests who interrogated

was Thursday afternoon, more He again departed and returned the him concerning his doctrines.

nineteenIT than years hundred time only ago. second to find again them inquiry a preliminary Such was utterIscariot Judas audience sought an asleep. they so ly were awakened unlawful; to contrary When first, because members of the great Sanhedrin humiliated that they not what law, knew cover of under to Jewish done it was judicial highest tribunal of the—thewith left time he on and them say. The third second, darkness; the because Hebrew

Jews. of seventyone It was composed returning said: "Sleep and on now, that there accusing code required be twentythreemembers, of were whom is rest: take behold, the your hour at witnesses, there not; which were and

priests,high scribes. and twentythree is hand, third, betrayed and the Son because the of man forbade law Hebrew

will for give delivering ye "What me sinners."the of hands 26: (Matt. prisoner testifying a himagainst from

to Jesus?'you demanded. Judas And into self. 45.)

for thirty pieces price of silver—the of the torches the approachAlready therefore questioned he was Whenthen the law fixed by as the purchase ing his "I replied: band conducted doctrine, could be about by Judas Jesusprice of a slave—the equivalent in our seen in the distance, and Jesus exspake openly to the world; I ever taught

of $1 money covenantedown 7.00—they let in "Rise, claimed: us behold, be going: the synagogue, the temple, and inwith the betrayal. him for Lord's that is at betray he resort; me."whither doth hand and in the Jews always

The Last Supper (Matt. 26:46.) secret have I said nothing. Why asketh

thou me? ask them which heard me,...

TThat same Thursday, Jesus and his The Betrayal and Arrest behold, they know what I said."(John

including Apostles, Twelve 18:20,21.) Judas, the to yet speaking XTSThile Jesus wassat to the last meal the This reply of which undown under Jewish law was

eleven, soldiers the and apJudasSavior partake his death. before would answerable; nevertheless, the ofof one

After partaking of the supper, the Lord proached. As a prearranged signal for ficers, perhaps hoping to curry favor

his arrest, rushed forward Judas and "... Isorrowfully priests, remarked: the with high Verily say struck a Jesus

the face profaned Lord's with a kiss. ".. of you,unto vicious eateth one which with you blow and demanded:. Anof understanding, Full the exMaster

. it shall betray me. for priest (Ibid., high swerest thou the so?"good wereme

: betrayest claimed the thou "Judas, Son ifthat born.". never. he 22.) had been man

(Mark 14:18,21.) of man with a kiss? Friend, wherefore Again the Savior invoked the doctrine

art (Matt. thou come?"26:50.) of that tried he could only law Jewish be disciples the the one asked by One soldiers the acBut had Roman who "... If u... witnesses. he: accusing Said by it is I?"Lord, 26:Master: (Matt. hesitated. companied Judas Whereupon I evil, the witness of bear have spoken22.) officers the the toward walked Master if evil: well, but smitest thou me?"why the question the asked Judas As "... asked: seek ye?"and They Whom (Ibid., 23.) "... replied: said."hastMaster Thou replied: of Nazareth."which "Jesus To(Matt. 26:25.) "... I the rejoined: he."Lord (John Trial am Before Jesus of the The failed of disciples the yet as to Some 18:4,5.) Sanhedrin Great this of the answer.understand import forpressing Instead, of however,

reinquiry, the John's second LordTo TM"evertheless, led imJesus was soldiers the take him, of ward to many ". is, itplied: I shall to give He whom to to mediately great the Sanhedrin to the simple ground. His dropped

I it."a sop, dipped have (John when.. charge, nature the of a trial on dignity potent than stand more proved had

13:26.) the arms which they possessed. Again which he knew not.

the piece dipped a Thereupon Master the question: ye?"put he seek the Before as enumerating events "Whom intoof mixture and bread savory some

let of again at answered: occurred they they "Jesus the trial, us pause And

it Iscariot the to withhanded Judas (Ibid., consider 7.) the Nazareth."to great Sanhedrin. This "... doest, quickthouwords: do That "I replied: great the the tribunal the Master of Whereupon supreme was

ly."13:27.) (John

: I if, in that therefore It sat told he have Jerusalem you numbered and Jews. am the departed thereupon from Judas let It their all these seventyone seek me, ye way."exercised members. go

thehouse, forever abandoning company [Ibid., functions the of of education, 18:8.) governhisof Master.

Its thereofficers religion. interpretation of of ment, the and Roman Some

Departure from the Last Supper upon approached, and as they were of the Jewish scriptures had the force about to take the Savior, some of the of law. In the centuries preceding

TV bout midnight of that same Thursapostles exclaimed: "... Lord, shall we Christ and before the conquest of Judea

"day, Jesus and the eleven remaining smite with the sword?"(Luke 22:49.) by the Romans, it exercised supreme

apostles departed from the house in The impetuous Peter, without waitauthority in all matters. The legislative,

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &y Finally, a few days before the midERNEST L WILKINSON night"And trial,consultedthey hadthatassembledthey mighttogether:takeSILVER Jesus by subtility and kill him. But they

said, Not on the feast day, lest there be a great uproar among the people."

oLeaat rdpects of the Jrial of /jiedu6 (Matt.It was26:4,this 5.)body of prejudiced, disqualified, intimidated, and corrupt

judges, than which there can be no executive, and judicial function of the the temple from which flowed a most greater evil come to any nation or peosum- before Master was whom the all in one. government In lucrative were merged the very ple, were trade. They

it under Although law Jewish moned. the of history, earlier days to affected ones financially Hebrew Jesus when

illegal proceedcourt to hold any the of great a have the was become the member changers drove from money yet, sunrise, ing and between sundown to the Sanhedrin attained have temple. therefore, they, was did only Not

sothis great of nevertheless, body highest honor interest to man. known an precluded have which them

in judges called assembled already was fair Notwithstanding, trial the glorihowever, giving to the a Master, from ous past of the great Sanhedrin, that but as an historical fact, this Sanhedrin the middle of the night, waiting for the body in 33 A.D. had become degenerate had on three previous occasions met to Savior to be brought before them.

and corrupt. Judea had been taken over discuss the miracles and discourses of Under Hebrew law also, in order

by Rome. The members of the SanhedJesus and to devise ways and means to for a prisoner to be convicted, it was

rin were appointed to and removed from entrap and put him to death. necessary that there be two witnesses

office by the Roman governor; accordThe previous September (about six to the entire crime, that they make their

ing to Rabbi Wise, they purchased their months before the night trial of the charges in open court against the prisoner, and that their stories agree in every essential detail.

When the court had convened, there came two witnesses and one testified that Jesus had said he was "able to destroy the temple of God and to build it in three days."The other testified that

Jesus said he would "... destroy this

temple that is made with hands, and within three days... build another made

without hands."(Mark 14:58.)

Since their testimony was at variance with each other, the charge that he had threatened to destroy the temple of God had not been substantiated. Under the

Jewish law the trial should have ended.

But the chief priests were bent on convicting the prisoner and bent, too, on accomplishing it before the light of day.

Therefore, Caiaphas, the chief high priest of the great Sanhedrin, in violation of the judicial principles governing the conduct of that body, which forbade any members from preferring any charge, and which required all members of the court to defend and not prosecute the prisoner, preferred against Jesus the charge of blasphemy: namely, that of

OF FROM MOUNT false the turning OLIVESbeing prophet and a for like JERUSALEM high prices commissions and EVENING the people had Lord which from away appointees, most them used all Roman Photograph by Adelbert Bartlett the land of out brought them of Egypt for purposes. mercenary

of the from house them and redeemed their disqualificageneral from Apart the Master) occasion on the of Feast chapter (13th of Deuteronbondage. in tions of the because which manner * of Tabernacles, Jesus when had made ) omy. their ofof purchased them had many

his converts many preaching by and had therefore, fices the Master, Caiaphas their because subserviency of and To caused apprehension much the among question: "Tell the us thou whether put the to executive to they owed whom Pharisees, the Sanhedrin to met had Christ, of their the the God."be appointment, Son of were them many plans to adopt It his check career. was sitdisqualified for special for reasons replied this the question Master To this occasion that on deNicodemus in ting involvcase judgment any upon "I in substance, am."fended; Christ put and to the an end ing of those Nazareth. Jesus were They his clothes, priest rent high the Then proceedings insisted that he when Jesus the to Savior addressed had whom "... saying: hath blasphemy; spoken He being heard be before condemned.

said: himself he when further witnesses? of need have what we 6ix also About before the weeks

... I the unto you, Verily say pubThat blashis behold, heard ye have now sitting, present the occasion of the on licans into harlots the the and go kingdom ye? think phemy: what raising the from of the Lazarus, dead of before you. God {Continued on 220) page chief priests... listened in had met and scribes Pharisees, you, unto and Woe

hypocrites! for ye devour widows'houses, solemn silence to the account of his *The law of blasphemy, as it is laid down in the

and for a pretence make long prayer: theremiraculous performances. It was at this 13th chapter of Deuteronomy, is this:

arise "If a prophet, or there you a dreamer among fore ye that shall receive the greater damnation. meeting they to seemed have conof gods, us other dreams, go after Let (Matt. 21:31:23:14.) in... interest the cluded that selfpres- of shalt thou thou hast. hearken which..notsaying, not known,

of the prophet, or that dreamer words priest In fact, the the great high of ervation rid get they for unto must of Jesus, that that of dreams: prophet, or dreamer

"... Sanhedrin, the president the in grand of of the words John: from shall. to death; dreams, because spoken.. beAndofput that he hath that day

to turn your from the Lord you away which God, tribunal, his friends forth and they owned and took counsel together of out for to brought land the you redeemed of Egypt and controlled the booths and concessions in put to death."him 11:53.) (John out house of the of 13:1-5.) you (Deut. bondage."

APRIL, 1945 181:

K.RUFUS HARDY

of the /irdt Louncll or the >et/enti

ElderFirstRufusCouncilK. ofHardythe Sevenof the fluenceworld nobodythat he canhas reckon,had in bethe

ty passed away in the early cause wherever he went he morning hours of March 7, 1945, radiated sunshine and hope, and at the age of sixtysix He had encouraged those who needed been partially restricted in his encouragement. He was a conofficial duties for more than a verted Latterday Saint. He beyear, due to a heart ailment, but lieved in the divine mission of

had returned to his office to reJesus Christ. He believed that

new his active participation as Joseph Smith, the boy prophet, one of the General Authorities had come to earth to perform a of the Church within a few mission, and he was fortunate weeks of his passing. The chronenough to fulfill that mission in

ological facts of his life and the brief years that he dwelt in

Church career are recorded in mortality. It was not a matter

brief on this page. Beyond this, of doubt, or hope, with Brother

we might here give the opinion Hardy, he believed absolutely in of one man as to his works and the gospel of Jesus Christ our character, but have chosen Lord.

rather to give the estimates of "We feel today to mourn. If

several of his associates, in part, we were in the South Seas, in the at his funeral service, conducted sections where Brother Hardy by President David O. McKay labored, if they have received

in the Assembly Hall, March 9, the word that he has passed on, 1945. Speaking "in behalf of there will be mourning, not only

the First Presidency of the a quiet mourning, but a maniChurch,"President McKay said festation of deep sorrow that a in part: friend of the Maori race has

"During his years of faithful passed from mortality to imservice, President Hardy had mortality. I had the privilege of

our utmost confidence. He was being with him for some time

responsive to every call; he was among that people, and if he had

faithful in the performance of RUFUS K. HARDY beenfamilya hemembercould notof havetheir beenown duty.every was loyal to his He

chosen calling as one of the May H.28.Hardy1878—Bornand Annieat SaltKayLake City, Utah, the son of Rufus made more welcome. He and

General Authorities. July 2, 1897—Ordained a seventy and set apart for a mission to Sister Hardy when they lived

"President Hardy was conNew Zealand. During this mission labored in the Tauranga among them gave to them an updistricts. Waikato and lift it is difficult that for anybodygenial, respectful, kind, and

Zealand from Returned 1, January 1901—New to understand.gracious; and honorable he was

2. Eldredge Addie April 1903—Married not the...have could feldone "Hejust in his dealings with his of the Eighth the presidents of apart 3, Set as one 1906—May

low men. As a friend, he was Quorum of the Seventy fine things he has done in life if

loyal and true. February 18, 1907—Set apart as president of the New Zealand he had not had the help that he

Mission did in his Sister have home. own occasion than one more "On Zealand from 1909—Returned July New and have done Rufus Hardy missionary, laboring as awhen apart president as Set June 20, 1933—those of the New Zealand Misteamwork, and have officer in the second who for the time sion presiding as aand

First of the as a Council fortunate 6, been member to enough 1934—Sustained October come this Mission, good ZealandNew

of the Seventy their into there dwell and home strolled the to of a top hasman 5, from 1934—Returned December New Zealand in rejoiced result have the that ofhill near Ngapuhi Kaihoho First apart Council of the as 7, a Set February member 1935—It teamwork. source of a was stands Grant President Seventy, Heber of a by monument the J.where

erected in memory of Hono March 7, 1945—Died at 1 a.m., after an illness of more than a great sorrow to me to see him

year the of greatgrandsonHeke, the

March 9. 1945—Funeral held at the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City thirty Zeasowarrior famous in New down indays—heSouth Seaswas forseriouslyabout

land early history, ill, but he came back, and then "The people of New Zealand he was ill here for a long time, have also erected a monument but I thought he was recovering in honor of this great leader. It is not among his tributes at the services: his health. He was seized again, but

of wood nor stone nor of precious "A great character has finished his apparently he was not to be healed this metal; nor does it stand upon a hill—it mortal career. One of God's noblemen time, but to go home."

is a monument cherished in the hearts has been called home, and fortunate are His senior associate in the First Counof the Saints and his many friends in we, who in these valleys and other cil of the Seventy, and friend of his boyMaori Land! places, have had the companionship and hood, President Levi Edgar Young,

"Truly he can say: 'I have fought a the close association of Rufus K. Hardy, gave these words in his memory:

good fight, I have finished my course, I "He loved his fellow men. It mattered "President Rufus K. Hardy came of

have kept the faith; henceforth, there is not whether they were designated as the noble pioneer stock. His father was a

laid up for me a crown of righteousness, white race or those whose skins were mechanic of very high order, for he unwhich the Lord, the righteous Judge shall dark. It mattered not whether it was derstood and worked in all kinds of

give me at that day; and not to me only, America or the Polynesian Islands, he machinery. His mother was essentially

but unto "all them also that love his apsawchildinofeveryour Heavenlyman and everyFather,woman,and hea aplantedteacherdeeplyof children.in her Shesoul hadthe imold pearing.'

President George Albert Smith of the loved them and they loved him. His adage: 'To charm, to strengthen, and

Council of the Twelve gave these words work cannot be estimated, and the in- (Continued on page 210) 182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA::..

SAMUEL O. BENNION

of the jrlrdt Louncli of the Jeuentu

the day of Brother Saint. I believe that of him it can

Hardy's passing, Elder truly be said: 'Never once didONSamuel O. Bennion of the breath of scandal touch him.'

the First Council of the Seventy He and such as he, are a true was at the office, pursuing his asset to society, and a credit to customary duties, and ably rethe nation...

porting his labors in a weekly "Today we know that death report meeting of his brethren. cannot touch President Samuel

Before the sun had come up on O. Bennion either. He lives the

another day, he had joined same wholesome, friendly, selfBrother Hardy in death. The sacrificing man, energetic, desirChurch had lost another of its ous of blessing the world he is

able and trusted leaders. living in there as he did here,

Some of the facts of Brother just the same lovable nature. The

Bennion 's Church and civic inspiration of his noble deeds career are included on this page. performed throughout his active

Also, at funeral services conlife had its source in his unducted by President J. Reuben wavering faith in God and the

Clark, Jr., in the Assembly Hall, restored gospel of Jesus Christ.

Monday, March 12, 1945, apTo him loyalty to his God was praisals of and tributes to his fundamental."

sterling character were given, President George Albert excerpts from which follow. Smith, in both personal and offiPresident Clark prefaced the cial tribute, gave also this high

service with this statement, and estimate of character:

read a telegram from the "The vice president of the vice president of the United United States is only one of the

States: great characters of our nation

who knew Samuel O. Bennion

"Within the week we have and held him in esteem...

been called on to lay away two "Brother Bennion not only great missionaries who have had the gift of teaching the gosdone valiant service here; and pel of Jesus Christ so people

who, I am sure, are called hence SAMUEL O. BENNION could understand it, but he had

to do valiant service beyond the an excellent business judgat Taylorsville, 9, County. Born Lake 1874—Juneveil.. Brother a Bennion was Utah, the ment.

of Bennion Terry and son R. Jane John EmmaSalt in his ingreat missionary, great loved the missionary "He.. Charlotte 25, Married Towler 1898—August

integrity,dustry, his great in a It work. for him bewas easy States for 9. Mission Central the 1904—Left November

man of strict honor, fearless, of 1905—Presided over the South Texas Conference cause he loved it, and wherever

great faith, with a living testiOctober 1906—Appointed president of the Central States Mission he went the doors of the people

direction F. of President the Smith Joseph Under an actual knowledge 1907—March andmony the to him. open He saw

to Inwere headquarters mission Kansas the from City moved lives, is the that Jesusthat God States Central Mission grow the Missouri, the first Church time dependence, which was

Christ and that the Prophet Johad established residence in Independence since the expulsion from a small mission to a great seph was called to usher in the of theDuringSaintshisin presidency1833 he developed a policy of touring organization....

last dispensation. He lived a life the mission field four times a year "When I first became acof of the First 6, Council April Sustained as a member 1933—ledthat exemplary. has was He quainted the miswith him in

Seventy. the in the missionariesthousands of I field sion that learned he the First 14, a of April Council apart as Set member 1933—

togreat of bringing souls cause the of energy, Seventy by President of had end no Heber seemed he J. Grant

truth. of of the the States presidenta 20, as knowledge Central January tire. all to never could 1934—Released go He

Mission "President wished Grant me all apparently day nearly and 3-4, quarterly Pasathe of the conference March 1945—Attendedto express to Sister Bennion and night, lived that I marvel and he in (California) his Salt duties Stake, returned to and dena

her family his personal sorrow at Lake City as long as he did without breakattack, a.m., following twentyat 5 a heart 8, 1945—Died Marchthe passing of Brother Bennion,

after associate. his eight hours of the down. Elder Rufus K. Hardy he characterized as awhom First of the Seventy Council "He. was.. in a rather difficult

choice spirit. President Grant March 12, 1945—Funeral held at the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake field, one of the most difficult

loved him and honored him for City that we have in the Church. But

his great service. he made friends of those who

"We have an unusual tribute were unfriendly, and he was rectoday. The vice president of the ognized in civic affairs and in

United States, the Honorable Harry S. "We pay tribute today to a man who their club organizations."

Truman with whom President Samuel truly served his Lord by serving his From President Antoine R. Ivins, as-

O. Bennion had an acquaintance while fehow men.... sociate of Brother Bennion in the First

in the mission field, has wired to Sister "President Bennion was a man of high Council, and close friend:

Bennion and the family as follows principles; clean in thought and in act. "Many, many women and men passed

Just heard of Mr. Bennion's death. He was upright, straightforward, ever under his tutelage but I promise you

I have lost a friend and Utah has lost ready to defend the right, and equally that everyone of them had proper one of her great men."You have my prompt to denounce the wrong. Deschooling in his work and proper teachsincere sympathy.'pendable in business, sincere in religion, ing to establish him in his faith and

President David O. McKay of the consistent, considerate, and affectionate had the love of a real father given to him

First Presidency, voiced these comin his home; a loyal friend, a worthy, from President Bennion....

ments in the course of his address progressive citizen, a true Latterday {Concluded on page 211)

APRIL, 1945 183

ormon THE

of sentimentality. The naivete of my he was wrongfully accused, ( as the hero

mother's girlhood would probably meet always is ), and with great emotion said:

miss disfavor from the modern with 'Hi swear by the"'eavens above that Hi is to adopt manner a supposed hinnocent'of ham girl sophistication. VI whoutter modern What Augusta pleasant loved her Although enjoy as Augusta escort could her Pleasant Grove with friends, intellectual and girlhood a home lake by moonlight, on the row did "a

invariably beckon her would University. Deseret back to the Thoughhome of everyAugustavestigeWintersof thehas earlylong swing,meadows."and a walk home through the pursuits

since vanished, the small town of Gone are the May Day dances with The Influence of Dr. Park

Pleasant Grove has changed but little, the girls in flowered muslins, and the and because of the loving memories entwenty-fourth of July celebrations A bove the fireplace in my home hangs twined about it, will ever hold a place when it was considered an honor to be "a lovely portraijt of my mother done of warmth in her affections. Here, when chosen as one of twentyfour belles of in oil by the late John Willard Clawson

she had been absent from home either the town to ride on the float. Gone also—our eminent Utah portrait painter.

teaching or attending school, the reare the candypulls in the winter and Looking at the picture one day, the unions with her family seemed doubly apple parings and peach cuttings in the artist remarked that he blamed "Miss sweet. fall. Augusta's diary shows that she enWinters"that his grades in Dr. John R.

On one of these occasions, after finjoyed all of these simple diversions exPark's classes at the old Deseret Uniishing a term of school, her emotion was cept when some former beau, deterversity were not higher. Asked why, he

expressed almost lyrically. "Oh how mined to make the most of her stay at replied, "She was so handsome that I

good it is to be at home again,"she exhome, pressed his suit a bit too vigorcouldn't hear what the professor had to ults, "after the heat and dust of the city, I ously. On one twentyfourth of July say; all I could do was to look at her."

quiet, the ever than appreciate more can she speeches, and the after celebration I told a been beaualways what have this country pleasant of cool, shade and festivities the by to added "Otto tiful mother and young was woman my vinecovered comfortable, and town my Years duet, Thousand ing 'A a singMy loveliness her can remember when I was

I nearly two been have home home. off all went and Columbia,'Own child, in fact of the always, but beauty a

is is half gone. This and June weeks my pleasantly."face the with beaucannot her compare

I like to be favorite always and month spirit. her of and ty mind picture of another gives diary The it. I enjoy can mornwhere The home

in celebration of July twentyfourth a for learning characterhunger had cool, fresh ings and are A so dewy now in procession the "I rode these words: life is her ized her of one whole and delightful. moonlit evenings and the and

in ladies dressed of young twentyfour attributes. outstanding has never She its charms, has the year of month Each

at our the decorated wagons white. it herself study, to We but does had all. make surpasses them to me, but As June beausaid looked they house. Everyone because is she loves it. To her, it is a I write, the window, on my diary sucperfect a everything was tiful, and form of recreation. garden, our from which, through come

com- "icecream"cess. Delia on the was of the perfume with laden recalls soft breezes that mother when she was My a over usual, they took in mittee as and in just profusion are roses, which a child, her mother sometimes now was own the dollars, but twentyfive and a hundred it scarcely sit here, find sufficient to for everywhere. grist to hard put As I hard mostly work committee had poor I appre- I think is heard. never sound

of reporter pleasure. I was and no as I There now. ciated do so much home the latter,the mill havingof her mindused toupgrind.all Onceavailablethe

is hardly a home without its orchard day."sources of study about the house, placed

and garden. Our little town is pretty In the winter there were always, bein the hands of her daughter, Augusta,

indeed and in summer, its name—Pleassides the inevitable dances, sleigh rides a geography, in the back of which was ant Grove—-seems peculiarly approin the bracing air. At these affairs old a list of the names of every great river

priate."and young mingled together in conin the world, telling the child to see how

When the sisters—Susie, Delia, geniality. many of these she could memorize.

"just it,"for home Augusta, the came of "Gusta,"fun and she so "Manie"—all enjoyed Pleasant In Augusta Grove,

said, during teaching, or school has summer learned not only from the but name In 1878 in dramatics. participating home

at Thanksgivlocation spring vacations of and river each for and years and an the organized she recorded: have "We their all. parents time, repeat could ing Christmas them and in the association dramatic and amateur think too to nothing good was seemed It is for usual students finish to their people the of better amusement absence

friends for young were them. "Our formal education own before they comal- tolerate our performances."

ways made welcome,"Augusta rememmence teaching, but, as has been shown, bers. "We had numerous visitors from An amusing account of one of those it was out of the question for my mother

Salt Lake and other places. Mother early melodramas as follows to do this on account of financial difwould turn over the house and all its "As usual we had a terrible time beficulties. The fact that her college days

belongings to us, and father would take hind the scenes. The girls were in such were sandwiched in between periods of

his horses and wagon and take us to a flutter, and we made so many balks, teaching makes it somewhat difficult to

Utah Lake or American Fork Canyon sometimes dropping the curtain before get a very clear picture of her activities on camping trips, etc., and he turned it was time, and sometimes failing to at the old Deseret University, from

over a buggy and a horse with a creamdrop it when someone was 'fainting'or which school she graduated in 1 877 with colored mane and tail for us girls to 'dying'and the scene should have been the first class ever to leave the institution drive ourselves."brought to a close. We have what we with duly signed diplomas.

Augusta many new While made in leadacquisition great consider our a before Just Augusta finished had that Salt likedfriends to in have and Lake lately ing fellow man, from a young first at term the University of Deseret it in visit her, friends old herthem was hisgreat but he England, has though (in she 1873), spent had her seventeen that best toPleasant she loved be Grove trionic ability in with comparison some dollars fifty cents, and and forced waswith, at she and whenever was home local material, the of of our most some to return to Pleasant in the Grove same their into enteredshe wholeheartedly scenes completely are romantic ruined plaid flannel dress in left which she her pastimes. Insimple those young days his 'haiches.'he because drops For town; she inhome wrote longingly in her bitladies not a were showing above in last stance, performance, our when diary; "at school classes new have

THE IMPROVEMENT FRA

LIFE STORY OF AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANT

been formed in algebra, botany and iSuw fp/arufan Ljrant /4udd

I like Latin. to Oh, so much would join DAUGHTER OF PRESIDENT HEBER J. AND AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANf

it is entirely quesout of them, the but tion at present, but sometime I hope to have it in my power to go to school just as long as I desire and to study everyunique character. Moreover, Dr. Park When he first came West, John R,

thing I wish."had more influence in shaping Augusta's Park was on his way to join three brothThat time arrived, for when she course than any other teacher. ers who had gone to California at the'

graduated from the University of Destime of the gold excitement in 184950 eret she had taken nearly everything TJorn in Ohio in 1833, John R. Park and who, impressed with the opportaught there. Mother points out that was of Scotch and French lineage. tunities in the Golden Gate State, had

this was not so difficult as it sounds, As a young man he took up the study of persuaded him, through correspondence, for at that early day the curriculum was medicine, graduating in that subject at to cross the plains to join them.

quite limited, and students did not have the age of twentyfour from the UniverBut more than garnering hidden ore the great variety of subjects to choose sity of the City of New York. To this from the placer mines of California, Dr.

from that they do today. institution, since a part of Columbia Park became interested in bringing to

It had been just four years after its University, and one of the foremost fight the gold of human nature. He was

inception as a real university that Aumedical schools of the day, such men as a student of sociology and religion as gusta had entered the portals of the inOliver Wendell Holmes came to lecwell as of medicine, and after being stitution presided over by that eminent ture. helped into Salt Lake valley by a party

scholar, Dr. John R. Park. (When Dr. After completing his medical course of Mormon immigrants, he became

Park became president, in 1869, the in New York City, Dr. Park enjoyed, deeply interested in conditions in Utah,

University of Deseret, under the direcmore than the active practice of mediand decided to settle there and make an tion of David O. Calder, made no furcine, teaching such subjects as physiolextended study of family life among

ther pretension than that of being "a ogy, anatomy, and hygiene. Augusta the Mormons. To further this project,

first class business college.") Dr. Park remembers with delight his noble conhe accepted any sort of manual labor on

has been called "the father of the Uniception of the human body and the spirthe farms near Salt Lake City, helping versity of Utah"and "the man who it. He often said, "The body is as to gather in the crops, milk the cows,

built a university in the wilderness."It divine as the spirit and is the tabernacle etc. But in the conversations in the evetherefore seems appropriate to digress that God gave us with which we should nings around the family hearth side,

briefly and learn something of this express our spiritual selves in this life."where he was always made welcome,

the scholarly training of the man soon displayed itself. In that day schoolteachers were sca'rce, so almost immediately he was pressed into service.

He taught first, at Draper where his little school soon gained a high reputation, drawing students from all the surrounding countryside. One of these has

left a striking picture of the beloved teacher as he looked in this pioneer school

The master wore a large flowered, red duster in the schoolroom, which, when he sat down, had a tendency to slip up at the back and become creased; this presented a

humorous situation to some busyfingered youngster, who would seize the coat arid attempt to straighten its folds as the teacher proceeded down the aisle. A pair of beaded

moccasins, instead of shoes, adorned his feet, enabling him to move about among the pupils without warning them of his approach. Aiding, commending, suggesting,

THIS or reprimanding and punishing, he perPORTRAIT formed all in a quiet, dignified manner a-s he

Of noiselessly glided among them.

AUGUSTA WINTERS "The master"became a sort of patron

GRANT saint to the people of Draper. He parBY ticipated in all the activities of the comJOHN munity even to leading the "ward

WILLARD choir,"and organizing a fife and drum

CLAWSON corps gray for which unihomespun WAS forms and guns wooden were supplied PAINTED

IN 1923 by the people. Besides giving school enAND IS tertainments on Friday afternoons to

THE ONE which the parents were invited, he often

REFERRED gave lectures on anatomy which he ilTO IN lustrated with numerous charts. If ocarose, THIS casion he could go the from

CHAPTER. theoretical to the practical setting by

broken bories or extracting teeth for his flock! ( Continued on page 217)

APRIL, 1945 185 "HE WHO SOWS CORN, Thefromtitletheoffirstthis bookarticleofis athesentenceZendmonths;ten winterand thosemonthsare there,cold fortwothe summerwaters, Maker"O Ahuraof theMazda,materialmostworld,beneficentthou Spirit,Holy

for earth, the trees. for the cold first cold the mortal, Winters before One! was myWho ancient Bible the the of Avesta,

all fall there, self, of the secplagues. worst Zarathustra, with thou, The Ahura whom Persia ancient ofPersians. prophet The the of countries lands didst good ond converse, and which didst thou Mazda, whom of wrote Zoroaster, a whowas man the created, plain Mazda, the of teach Religion the I, Ahura Religion was Ahura,

moral principles, as noble in concept as which Sughdhas inhabit. Thereupon came Zarathustra?"of

any of the religious men of days when Angra Mainyu, who is all death, and he Ahura Mazda answered:—

we first meet people in human history. countercreated the locust, which brings "The fair Yima, the good shepherd, O

Persia lies east of Arabia. Like that of death unto cattle and plants. The third of holy Zarathustra! he was the first mortal,

Egypt and India, its history dates back the good lands and countries which I, Ahura before thee, Zarathustra, with whom I, to hundreds of years before the Christian era. Zoroaster was the founder of

its religion, known as Zoroastrianism.

Many of the people in Persia today hold to the sacred teachings, and in India, its followers are called Parsis. Zoroaster

lived in the eighth century B.C. It is

said that through revelation he established the faith as contained in the

ZendAvesta, "the holy book,"which is the remnant of a greater book. One

of the distinct things Zoroaster did was to teach a "holy agricultural state,"which established pastoral labor and thrift in the hearts of his people. He

taught that the world is a scene of great conflict between two principles—the

good and the evil, or the god of life and the god of death. Every good action

helps the one; every evil action, the

other. He taught the immortality of the

soul, and the final triumph of good over evil, which resemble the Jewish and

Christian teachings.

npHE ZendAvesta consists of four

A books of which the chief one is the "Vendidad"; the other three are devotional works, consisting of hymns and

songs of praise, addressed to the deities and angels of goodness. The "Vendidad"contains an account of the creation, and the origin of good and evil.

Then comes the history of the beginnings of civilization, under Yima,: the

Persian Noah. The latter part of

the Vendidad is taken up with praises of agriculture and "injunctions as to the care and pity due to the dog, the guardian of the home and the flock, the hunter, and the scavenger."It also

contains an elaborate code of purification, "resembling on this point the book of Leviticus of the Bible."

"THE FAMILY"OF THE ZENDAVESTA, BY the teachings transcribe of some the strong, holy Mazda, created, was Mouru. We

THORVALDSEN, DANISH SCULPTOR follows. as is allof the Mainyu, ZendAvesta Angra The Thereupon came who

first is on: death, and he countercreated plunder and

sin. the of fourth lands good and The

I did converse, taught Mazda, Ahura whom I, countries created, which Creation Ahura Mazda, The the of Religion Ahura, Religion of the beautiful highlifted with Bakhdhi was

I, Zarathustra. him, Zarathustra, Unto Othe ZaraSpitama unto spake banners. Ahura Mazda Thereupon Angra Mainyu, came

fair saying: 'Well, spake, Mazda, Ahurathustra, all is saying: death, he the countercreated and who of the Vivanghat, Yima, be thou son preachant-hills."the ants and peoto its dear land every "I have er of the Religion!'the, made bearer and And my

ple, whatever even though it had no charms replied Zarathustra, Yima, me, unto O This chapter is an enumeration it: 'I landin dear every I not I made had of saying:fair not born, not taught was was to its sixteen perfect lands created by Ahura itpeople, whatcharms though even had no the preacher of to be bearer thy and the

ever in it, then the whole living world would Mazda, the god of goodness, and of as Religion.'Then I, Ahura Mazda, said thus

have invaded the Airyana Vaego. The first many plagues created in opposition by unto him, O Zarathustra, 'Since thou dost

of the good lands and countries which I, Angra Mainyu, the god of evil. Then not consent to be the preacher and the bearer

Ahura Mazda, created, was the Airyana we come to the "Myth of Yima,"who of my Religion, then make my world inVaego, by the Vanguhi Daitya. Thereupon "carries civilization to other parts of crease, make my world grow: consent thou

came Angra Mainyu, who is all death, and the earth."It reads: to nourish, to rule, and to watch over my

he countercreated the serpent in the river world.'And the fair Yima replied unto me,

and winter, a work of the Devas. There are Zarathustra asked Ahura Mazda: O Zarathustra, saying: Yes! I will make

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA::.

SOWS RIGHTEOUSNESS"

thy world increase, I will make thy world grow. Yes! I will nourish, and rule, and (Jhe /—end -ruedta

watch over thy world. There shall be, while

neither cold nor hot wind I am king, death,'disease neither wind, By PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG nor I, Ahura Then

Mazda, brought two implements unto him: OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

a golden seal and a poniard inlaid with gold.

Behold, here Yima bears the royal sway!

Thus, under the sway of Yima, three hundred winters passed away, and the earth was replenished with flocks and herds, with Man Ever Looking to God ideal, and know God. The races of the

red birds blazing with dogs and and and men earth their in climes, lived have own like all ancient the ZendAvesta, HPhe fires, for flocks, there room and more was no life life their better for longings but and relationdescriptive of * books God's I fair the herds, men. and warned Then is the have same. been a foundaThere ship abiding to a has mankind, deep and fair of saying: son Yima, 'O Yima, Vivtraits, tion of the and human common for full the flocks lesson of the today. anghat, of earth the people has world become

earth things presents many birds herds, dogs and and and and of men has habitable that Bible Persian shows The man alike in his to all. Taylor Osborn Henry is fires, there blazing of red and room no climes, ideas seeking been new new

entitled, Ideals, scholarly Ancient book flocks, for herds, men.'and more Then Yima time. since beginning the of age Every

light, in forward, southwards, stepped on makes this comment spiritual has brought awakening a new the of sun, afterwards and he the way creative of a resurrection and Everywhere shines the sun, and over all faith. We the the earth pressed with golden seal, and

bored it with the poniard, speaking thus: see this in the march of Abraham to the lands arches the high heaven with its starry

'O Spenta Armaiti, kindly open asunder and west when he left his native city of night and changing moons; and everywhere

stretch thyself afar, to bear flocks and herds Ur in Chaldea; we see it when Moses night passes into day and evening comes

and men.'And Yima made the earth grow received the holy law at Mt. Sinai; we again. No land without some change of

the seasons of the'mysterious and blowing it third before, larger one than and by was the philosophers see it Greek when

Injury wind. disease and everycome to men flocks at their there of herds men, and came of the which about Justice wrote Age find where, themselves powerless and men will wish, as as wished."he and many at hand; near and Columbus was when ills before the which master them; everyand

that king sent to of the he Spain word die. where, men entitled chapter Earth,"'T'he "The

a the Chrisfound world had where new it is that trust to begin and Then men tilling stresses the the importance of religion tian a take root might among it love. in the of history has been Thus flocks establishing earth with and homes not people Rufus God."knew "who M. far race. the history as back As human the herds, land redeeming and and tells early story a Jones moving of some goes, divine. the seeks looks man He agriculture. through in of era Christian martyrs, an who time, the the time, to mystic back when

The Earth imperial persecution, were taken to there was a Garden of Eden, and God in there, the put Africa mines and North in his created "in the image; man own

the material of world, thou lives. Holy toil their for to the of remainder O Maker of him."created image he God How first is the the place where One! Which labor, their they of implements With those primal superb the words; are "In feels earth most anhappy? Ahura Mazda the the walls cut the of mines on words beginning, stand us God."make They is the "It the place swered: whereon one of

life, life."vita, "Vita, They vita"—-"life, It earth. the with look and upon faithful forward, steps ZaraSpitama God O life after death; they did not had mean is in his thustra! hand, the the log obedience, than more and With knowledge

Baresma in his hand, the milk in his hand, discovered a spring and principle of for its home is in the deepest nature of the mortar in his hand, lifting up his voice life which made living a thrilling busiman, where in its allegiance to the true in good accord with religion, and beseechness even in the confinement of the and its devotion to the right, it governs lord the the Mithra, of countrying mines. lives. beginning, our "In the God."

side, of the Hvastra."and Maker Rama Orolling in lesson majestic It 'is a have their we thought, place keep in our They is world, thou material One! Holy Which studying the the advent upon of man true. are because they a mawhat And feels the place Earth where the second most

happy? Ahura Mazda answered: "It is the earth and how he has from the beginning jestic lesson from them in the truth that

place whereon one of the faithful erects a looked to his God and tried to underthe Creator before all things is to be house with a priest within, with cattle, with stand his fellow man, to understand worshipped and not the things which a wife, with children, and good herds within; nature, and to fathom the mysterious he has made. Think of the first man

and wherein afterwards the cattle continue things of life beyond this world. Only "whose foot pressed the earth and:'

thrive, thrive, thrive, to to to virtue fodder looked through the trees.'eye man can desire better things, form an whose

thrive, thrive, child the the wife to the dog to history has more felt no words Human fire thrive, blessto the to thrive, every and eventful these: created than "And God thrive."life to of the ing of maMaker O

image."man. man in his own made God is terial world, thou the One! Holy Which third place where the Earth feels most hapWHEN SUNDAY CAME "He hath made everything beautiful in

py? Ahura Mazda answered: "It is the its time; and he hath set eternity in the

place where one of the faithful sows most By Georgia Moore Eberling heart of man."

fruit, grass, Zarathustra! corn, and Spitma O

that ground he waters where is dry, or IT seemedstill to me the air grew hushed and whichOne boysof theandfirstgirlsfundamentalshould be taughttruths is that too drains wet."ground

When Sunday came. The daisy's petalled in schools and colleges is the tradition

God continued to direct the footsteps frill of the Garden of Eden and that Golden of men who looked to the eternal light. Was whiter, and the sun more yellowbright Age when God walked in the earth and

Good was ever in the world. Prophets To fill the world with color and with light. talked about his kingdom to come. In

lived and gave their messages to manIt seemed to me a more celestial air the hearts of our first parents was dekind, and out of the divine truths which Bathed the green world, cleansed and perveloped not only a love for life, but a first God revealed to man, the world fumed by prayer. hunger for something beyond, somegrew in knowledge until the Savior The quietude brought healing to the soul, thing nobler, something that would mean

came in his glory to save the human The holy hush made mind and body whole. happiness to them. As this was true of

race. The tragedy of history has ever Those placid days are gone, the thundermen, so it became true of the races of

been the darkness that has come to blast mankind. Men rose to apprehend God's

earth through sin and evil, and today Of war is loud, but now as in the past personality in its perfectness and "unithere is still the eternal conflict between Within the silence of the soul we hear versal beneficent relationship to manright and wrong. His voice, and through the tumult He is near. kind.";.:':.;,:--,-'. Vii';, fit;,:v-h ",

APRIL, 1945 187 Jke SOUTHERN INDIAN

Part I 1 854, Great Salt Lake City was, as i55ion

Init had been since its founding and was to remain for many years, the most important center west of the MisBy JUANITA BROOKS sissippi River. Less than seven years

old at this time, it boasted a population of some 20,000 people, a boast no doubt slightly exaggerated. Yet the progress

that had been made in those short seven years was little short of phenomenal.

Where had been only desert gray, except for the streak of green made by the willows on the banks of City Creek, was now a thriving city, laid out with uniform square blocks and wide streets, and covering an area of twelve square miles. Though the homes of newcomers might consist of a dugout and a

wagon box bedroom, or a small adobe house, there were many large, twostory homes with glass at the windows and picket fences in front. Streams of

irrigation water ran at the edge of the sidewalks; the young trees which

fringed them had grown thriftily.

The temple block was enclosed with a high rock wall, finished nearly two years before, within which were the

Hall of Science and a new adobe tabernacle capable of seating between two and three thousand people, to take the place of the willow bowery. Across the

street where the Hotel Utah now stands was the tithing office, and adjoining it the long, low building which housed The Deseret News, while across swtthe street to the south the Council i***Jft**">Sj((BflfcP-r-..--:

House raised its two stories and stood foursquare to all the world. One block TYPICAL PIUTE HOME OF SOUTHERN UTAH

east, on State Street, the new Social be better interpreters with the traders Photograph taken in 1869 by Major Powell's party

Hall had been completed, the home of of the South; all of them tried to arthe town's best entertainment. Here range their family and business affairs

theatricals were presented, all firearms for a long absence. On the Monday had written of this group, "They emwere checked at the door, produce was preceding, most of them had met and brace a class of rude and lawless young

accepted for tickets, and the price of a been set apart for this mission. They men, such as might be regarded as a

civilized also effected had community."to any organization an with cursechild in ten dollars. as arms was listed

it is his captain, C. Since from Allen as Rufus correspondence and David earlier of the University yearsFour

Deseret had been founded, with $5,000 Lewis and Samuel F. Atwood as first clear that Agent Hurt found it hard to

appropriated annually for its mainteand second lieutenants, respectively. see anything good in any Mormon, the

nance, and an elaborate course of study Though they had agreed upon this as above comment is not to be wondered outlined. the time and place for starting, all were at. Certainly the group was composed

Perhaps the most striking change had not present, but as some lived in the largely of very young men; certainly

come about along Main Street, for the settlements to the south, it was thought they would not fit into his idea of the pole fences of a few years before had best to proceed and pick them up on the conventional missionary. But for the

called, they to which they work were stores shops way. tornbeen and and down

fitted. in well learned were They The recorder, Thomas D. Brown, were other for competroom, eachelbowed

ing loudly with fancy signs, and fitted wrote that the counsel given was: "In the ways of the frontier; they were rein sourceful; faith they abiding the absence of that Capt. an Allen had we front hitchingout posts in with many

their first start in leaders, value lieutenant, the the and under and God behave acto along the sidewalks planksand of the ourselves sent they as work do. to missionaries were of the Church the customers.commodate

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, /\n Friday morning, April 14, 1854, keep a regular and vigilant guard, take HPHE company pulled out of Salt Lake six wagons gathered at the home care of our teams and other property, City in regular order. At Lehi they

of Parley P. Pratt in Salt Lake City, and procure our potato seed in the were joined by two missionaries; at

preparatory to leaving for the Southern southern settlements and that he—P. P. Pleasant Grove by two more, and atIndian Mission. The missionaries had Pratt—would follow us, and might overProvo Captain Allen and Isaac Riddle

been called at conference the October take us, and give us further instructions, came up with them, making the group before and had been given the winter in setting apart those who had not been complete. They now numbered twentywhich to prepare for the mission. Some with us on the 10th inst."one men, with one boy of fourteen and

of them studied Spanish that they might Garland Hurt, Indian agent for Utah, {Continued on page 212} 188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *4vAs lBt\L a

—Adelaide Ann Proctor

Yes,returninghe's nowwithcominga scarhome."broughtHe's Remember,his brain, And"Judgeof hisnot heartthe workingsthou canstof

from some well won field."Let us OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC not see."Remember it is through the

pray that our eyes will not be dim in their sacrifice'that he has made that our appreciation of what he has done for homes and ideals are preserved and us. It was Chief Justice Hughes who that We worship God according to the

said that each generation must pay the pillbox we might have failed and dictates of our conscience.

price of liberty. Maybe in the great yielded. Again I remind you, it's the Great hearts have made history. You

philosophy of things it is not a mistake sense of proper values. can't think of liberty without thinking

that we do have to pay continually for Some people just must have scriptures of a character so bold and brave as to this priceless blessing 'liberty."to be convinced. To them I quote from say to his men, "We beat them today

We all couldn't go to the front so we Him who tried to get us to think or Molly Stark is a widow."Yes, when

sent that boy we're talking about. Bestraight. "And why beholdest thou the we think liberty, we see a brave patriot

cause he bared his breast to the enemy's mote that is in thy brother's eye, but walking up and down the ramparts of bullets he may come home with scars. consider not the beam that is in thine Bunker Hill inspiring his men with,

They may not be the result of a bullet own eye?"Might we add what you see "Don't shoot till you see the whites of

nor of a thrust of a bayonet. They may on some signs, "THIS MEANS YOU!"their eyes."A glorious moment is in

be scars from other battles, other than Yes, "duty is something disagreeable vision when we contemplate, "Don't powder and steel. But just the same that the other fellow ought to do."give up the ship"; "Give me liberty or

they will be scars. give me death."We experience goose

I ask you, dear brother and sister in "\17hen this fellow comes home, that's flesh in the words heard around the this Church, are you going to criticize when he'll need the Church, and world, "All I regret is that I have only him unmercifully for some apparent that's when he'll need his friends... one life to give for my country."

weaknesses, or are you going to be big yes, if you please, that's when we When you contemplate the victories enough to sense what he has done for should put our arms around him. Let of U. S. Grant, necessary to bring about

you and what gratitude you owe him? the fervor of our love for him over- a united nation, do you magnify his

Hadn't we better, with all the charity shadow some of the habits he might failings? Let us ever hold in the backand kindness in the world that Christ have picked up while fighting for us. Reground the weaknesses of those brave

tried to teach us, with a "God bless member Christ said that no man is greatfellows who faced hot lead on the you,"to put your arms around him? er than he who gives his life for his bloody beach of Tarawa. Let's pinch

Don't forget might have kept friend. ourselves to a realization of the debt ofyourself lilywhitethis—youas far as some of the Let us be perfectly frank—"When gratitude we owe their courage.

commandments are concerned, but Johnnie comes marching home"—what Just a little story:—It is a backwoods

when the moment called for you and are you going to do about him? If school. The teacher and the boy are

me to charge the ramparts and face a ever he needed the Church, it is now. {Concluded on page 217)

APRIL, 1945 189 ishes in the Catholic Diocese participated. By ERIK W. MODEAN Other states where the "released

time"program has made substantial ion headway include Virginia, North Carolina, Minnesota, Maine, Texas, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Illinois, West Virginia, California, and Indiana. Its influIN THE SCHOOLS ence has extended to Honolulu, where

5,000 children are enrolled.

{Reprinted by permission from "Read"300,000 boys and girls last year, of Declares Dr. Shaver:

magazine, New York. ) which 108,000 were in New York City As significant as the growing statistics is

and 73,000 in Buffalo. While the large the fact that the program is lifting the teachlevel. Scores higher to of religion a much in classes places are ing most of to majority been added new has fulltime, for cities are asking and towns ofSomething Protestant, percent 68 York of New 'Ritin', the "Readin', 'Rithand experienced trained and professionally

Catholic. City's enrollment was Roman metic"curriculum of teachers. America's

public schools. It is a fourth "R"for In Albany, seventy percent of the parMost of the communities now considering

Religion. the plan for the first time are committed to

inis all that careful of longtime, study a children 1,500,000 More than from This a program. launching before

elementary high schools enEDITORS NOTE volved and are realize organizations that church our shows rolled in thousands of weekday religious T'his article by Erik W. Modean the plan does not offer "something for

education classes. These are conducted which appeared in the January nothing,"but that a real price must be paid

by Protestants, Roman Catholics, and 1 945 issue of Read, makes no mention if we are to have both more and better reJews through the "released time"moveof the successful experience of the ligious education. There is a determination

ment launched over thirty years ago, Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday to put religious education on a level with the field, this historically, Saints in child's which, general education. establishedand as an integral acnow

to antedate of the seem would sometivity churches. of our Inevitably, of course, "released time"cited. point movements On this we

Briefly, "released time"is a plan by quote from the L.D.S. department has raised the question of the separation

which boys and girls are excused from of education Bulletin, "Announcement of church and state. Proponents of the

public school for one or two hours each of Program,"Number 2, 1943, p. 13: plan insist that the traditional principle

at the requestweek, of their parents, edusuch inviolate by requiring to Origin of the remains and Growth religiousattend instruction at the church public outside the cation to be given Seminary Movement or synagogue of their parents'choice. school buildings and by nonpublic

of Christ The Church of LatJesus schoolteachers After who are of the same faith scattered experiments in the terday Saints has the been among as the children. 1850's, 1880's, 1890's, the practice and field pioneers in the reof weekday

was instituted for the first time at Gary, ligious education. The Latterday Other arguments advanced by church

Indiana, in 1913. Believing children Saint Seminary system had its beginleaders include:

should have more opportunity for rening in 1912 when the first unit was better like and these more demand Times established adjacent to the Granite ligion, interests, music, other and School youth. children for and religious education in vicinity the School High of Salt Superintendent for William asked Wirt the Church of short'session Sunday City, The Lake Utah. This one year was dismissal of pupils for extra of any type time. give not enough does School the city before Indiana, Gary, atof school their deparents which work child's in identified the Religions be must tracted national attention inthe by

sired. Church people were quick to take troduction (1913) of weekday relimind with weekday, as well as Sunday life.

advantage of the plan. gious classes conducted during school To give every child a truly complete "eduhe life,"him, society for owes cation which hours. then, there has Since been up- a slow,

in religion, as well in as education needs L.D.S. The seminary movement has hill struggle the to place time""released

his program. of subjects other weekday rapidly, is grown the and perhaps footing. educational program a firm on fair proporright to a a has church The most successful of such in movements director L. Shaver, Dr. Today, Erwin time. child's the tion of the weekday nation, although 1941 classes by

religious of for the education weekday large enroll Schools for Church Weekday instruction weekday in religion

International Council of Religious Eduduring regular school time were being numbers of children not reached by any cation, believes it is here to stay. He conducted in fortyone states of the other agency of religious education.

in Union reports and rapidly spreading four and "a widely some hundred is regarded addition, the program In eightyeight school systems.1 interest, into reaching and every nook

juvenile to deterrent important an The Latterday Saint Church has as corner of States the United and Canin followed delinquency, an imperative the and policy of establishing ada."

at in decline only the Sunday request sharp the checking of local is for factual strong a basis There his seminariesschool patrons and with the that sanction attendance enrollment and School too. states optimism, passed have Ten of public officials. school for Requests denominations all Protestant but few a to acts enabling permit time""released the establishment of institutions such decade. the past during reported have classes. others Thirtythree them allow have run well of the ahead ability of in the factors of movethe main One the rulings attorneygen- basis of the on to by Church provide suitable buildbeen acceptance has ment's widespread ings teachers. erals, and court decisions sanction the and

three major of the cooperation the authorities. state local of school and the of Most seminaries are adjacent interexception, faiths. without Almost to senior high schools in communities in five of the remaining some Even Protestants, faith Cathof committees where Latterday Saint people are states, Hampshire, Washington, New projthe olics, promoted have and found in Jews goodly numbers. one The Island, South Jersey, and Rhode New cities of in towns hundred and the eight hundreds ect units the of in system religious Carolina, education weekday 1942 located were "released in country the where Utah, throughout Idaho,

is "released not conducted, although on Arizona, effect. Wyoming, Colorado, is in and time"now

time."Nevada.2 seminary The program also Shaver: Dr. Says

first the reached of Ohio, comToledo, students one of junior high school munities to adopt "released time,"now age in many of the larger communiThe attitude of practically all religious religious of to the program groups new the ties. enrolled pupils has 4,000 from

favorable. is decidedly education Roman

fifth, sixth grades. fourth, Kansas and At 'Weekday Classes in Religious Education,"for percent practically 100 are Catholics

Office U.S. of Education. Bulletin, children receive 1941, City, 10,000 Kansas, No. it. opposed Someit. groups have Jewish Some 3. cenat religious instruction seventytwo willing plan, are detailed but of the will 2For not use information make BenLynn see M.

Mormonism and Education, Salt Lake in their communities. that it shall be adopted

City, Utah. cooperating. are heartily Others ters.Two hundred communities in New nion,

York state reported an enrollment of (Concluded on page 204) 190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "SHE LAYS 'WAKE NIGHTS THINKIN'UP WAYS

TO MAKE LIFE MISERABLE FOR COWMEN."

Theits waytrail towardsherd wastheslowlydesertwindingspring her,a calfsheto wentprotect,intoasactionthe notionand alwaysstruck—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr.

where we were waiting to receive meant business. Finally we sawed her

the cattle. While some of the riders horns off. That made her less danger- "\17hen the first real snowstorm came,

were preparing dinner, others were ous and gave us about ten inches more vv I was sent up to try and locate playing sevenup, a game all cowboys leeway, but did not lessen her ambition those cattle. They were at the foot of

like so much, on a saddle blanket. to fight, in the least. the rocky hill apparently waiting for me,

The cattle had just been counted and The cattle were being worked back for when I rode up around them, that

I was helping string them out when a into the high mountains for the summer. sevenup cow took my trail and headed

queer old man rode up to me and said: for the ranch, followed by the others.

"Howd'y. You with this outfit as just Year after year it was the same—we got

bought them cows?"those cattle when the snow came.

;;Yes. Why?"fell for nights fall the two snow

"Well, fine fluffy of days, a lot son, see that cow critter over 5u /7ame& J. kanyy andOnealmost two

yonder, she as is sort of a blue roan, snow which was piled deep in the valwith high horns an'the big sevenup leys, deeper in the mountains. It cleared

brand on her right ribs, the one w'at's There was an exceptionally rocky ridge off midafternoon, so just before sunset, a pawin'up the dirt?"with extra good feed on it that was too I went to the pasture and caught a large,

"I see her."rough for most cattle but when we got strong, saddle horse, one that I knew

"Now I'm a tellin'you she ain't been there that old cow looked it over, could buck the deep snow and would 'roun'civilization much. Always Inwalked right in, and took up a homenot get excited or nervous, put him in

juns an'furriners an'nary a white man stead in the rockiest part of it, and took the stable and looked my outfit over.

sagean''cept to eat nothin'never had other eight the her of had with cows we before daybreak on Long I was my an'rocks. laysan''wake cactus She her. with purchased overcast, sky but way. The it was was life thinkin'nights to up make ways fine cold. light breeze the not blew drive could not Fall and A came, we her."formiserable cowmen. Watch

it this that, whirling and snow us way out. run around them would They I will."Timer. "Thanks, Old circles: in Bill around Old "Windy"in to having rocks be those and seemed

He sure told the truth. Many a time I a wonderful time while we worked and always referred to such as a "weather

have run into a doorway, climbed over sweated, getting madder and madder all breeder."

a fence, onto a wagon, anywhere, and the while. Finally the boss told us to The horse knew his business and took

escaped with only inches to spare, belet them stay where they were, so we his time. I could see those cattle standtween her long horns and the seat of rode down and swallowed our chagrin, ing in the deep snow all huddled tomy pants. It did not matter to her for long had we prided ourselves on our gether, with the sevenup cow about ten

whether a man was on foot or horseability to do almost impossible feats yards in front of them looking away back, or where he was, when she had with our horses. (Continued on page 215)

APRIL, 1945 191 LET THEM GROW UP ON THE By CALVIN T. RYAN

to it not have be better more like ciation of Abimelech, Seir, or Sitnah. be, they though mayTherereadingaren'tamongmanymenconvertsand towomenBible homes,Wouldpoor

father However, of a generawas my the thirties the about, withwrote one the young reached woman who have still taken names from when were in like the luxury, but tion than early ones habit the acquired built on out having life. Readers of the secular writers, such loveless and insecure? It is amazing to the Bible. His father's name was Elijah,

as Shakespeare, Tennyson, and Brownstudy the life history of the great men shortened to "Lige."His cousin's name

ing, are made early or not at all. Those of our nation and see how many of was Elisha. One sister's name was Sara;

another Martha. with of the men Many poverty. usualthem through are up adults habitually came as read who We

carried he trade on his whom were facts historical recognize without in youth. start ly those may good had a who

for Bible characters. named There was building for poverty. case Poverty worthwhile any such of formation the In

Jacob, shortened to "Jake "; Isaiah, the often delinquents because high. produces Children ranks habits, the home shortened to "Zare"; shortMatthew, parents are unable usually are to do better reading by their homes coming from

readers, and remain readers in later life. children. Perhaps it does depend upon ened to "Matt"; Lemuel, shortened to

"Lem."his a consequence reading As parents. find the time parents their But in the who Bible read heard Those who of the of many not names was among table, at Bible the to breakfast the read the ones children are as who homes the unfamiliar. Furthermore, read he their to it arrange children have as its and of think who and worth who know the Bible the "as his of God,"word and in luxuries, lacking there, often while existence. their daily part of very intonations his beliefs. revealed delinguilty of producing are seldom in of student one Recently mature a

is It Bible better aloud. read The criminals. are the or quents ones They classes wrote: advanced my will its to appeal make larger audience a to miles drive several can church who

if aloud. read college girls told in Bible the read has Hearing home Two my there time. be on and

life. influenced their parents Although of experiafternoon me my my Sunday

sisters four not give could poor were and in my Bible. ence the reading read They /"""\ne the pleasant of of memories my

life, the things material of in and many me all it "I didn't aloud of Job. was know is father picture the of him own Christian they us home. a gave mother My effective, so beautiful!"so dethey sitting in his chair reading aloud from father Bible the every from read mornand clared. Bible. the not family table. ing the at a trained breakfast was were He when we

not so With the homes many making insisted present parents that be I have never heard we girls reader. Yet a moreMy

their of daily routine, a part obat the the they read from table when effective Bible, sonorous, reader was. Bible than he

even if we did have to get up early every The Hebrew names never bothered him. viously the Sunday School and church

I shall more. morning. never forget have to do of them Many called on. will them something and went this morning He

table. at the breakfast worship are presenting of more the Bible than the daily use of the Bible, For it is not

What a tribute to parents 1 Although necessary to know the correct pronun- (Concluded on page 216) poor in worldly possessions, and with a—Photograph by H. Armstrong Robert*

large family, "they gave us a Christian home."And the woman recalled first

the Bible reading, secondly, the fact that they drove some distance to attend

Sunday School and church every Sunday morning. Her mother had to get up

in time to prepare the family for church, which meant they had to be ready to leave home at eightthirty. Fond memories of home! What the family lacked

in conveniences and luxuries has been forgotten, but what it gave this woman as a pattern of life is still remembered and practiced.

Justice Jacob Panken of the Juvenile

Court of New York City is not far wrong when he writes of what the home means to the child. Justice Panken has

daily contacts with youth who suffer because of the failure of their homes.

He finds that the boys and girls who are sent to his court are divided into "the neglected"and the "delinquents,"but most of the latter group are caused by neglect.A child who had been moved about

the country so frequently that he had no record of what grade he should enter, entered a nearby school system last year. Without wholly condemning

the parents, their moving may have been unavoidable, we can certainly see what their manner of life is doing to their children. Of course such children cannot possibly develop into integrated,

wholesome personalities. Life as they

will find it will be very hard to adjust themselves to.

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CkwekJ/loves On Brazilian Mission Sunday School Handbook B.Y.U. President

Polder Harold M. Rex of Randolph, A new, completely revised Sunday T Joward S. McDonald, superintendUtah, was appointed February 23, School handbook has been issued A A ent of the Salt Lake City schools

as president of the Brazilian Mission, by by the general board of the Sunday since July 1944, was appointed presithe First Presidency. He succeeds School. The book contains chapters on dent of Brigham Young University at

President W. W. Seegmiller who has enlistment work, music, libraries, Junior Provo, by the school's board of trustees,

presided over that mission for the past Sunday School, and teacher training. March 14. Effective July 1, he succeeds

three years. The new book may be obtained for Dr. Franklin S. Harris who has actwenty-five cents. cepted the position as president of the

President served as a missionary Rex in to 1938. Brazil from 1936 After his Schreiner Tour Logan.Utah State Agricultural College, at

Alexander Schreiner, Salt Lake President McDonald is a native of

Tabernacle organist, has completed Holladay, Salt Lake County, and filled a midwinter concert tour, in which he a mission in the Eastern States. He

was enthusiastically received in Dengraduated from the Utah State Agriculver, Colorado; Grand Rapids, Michitural College, and taught there for three

gan; York, Pennsylvania; Louisville,

Kentucky; and other cities where he

appeared.

Palmyra Dairy Farm ex Boyack of Spanish Fork, Utah, has

J been called by the First Presidency as a caretaker of the Joseph Smith dairy farm at Palmyra, York, succeedNew

WM. W. SEEGMILLER HAROLD M. REX ing Bountiful, Ellis of Merlin Utah, who

in has the the charge of for been farmreturn the associated with he became six past is years. Elder a Boyack memBrazil, of servinggovernment for two of the ber council, Stake high Palmyra

in onehalf yearsand Washington, for the stake of the Utah "cradle named office the of of withD.C., coordinator

interAmerican affairs. He was sent to Mormonism."

Brazil for two more years in the employ Sacred Grove Trees

Brazilianof returning the government, trees of the survey of and shrubs HPhe in 1944. Decemberhome

the Sacred Palmyra, Grove, New will to be accompanied his new He York, the undertaken which was by post by his wife, Diana Haycock Rex, Boy Scouts of Troop 61 of the Ganand their threeyear-old son, John. argwa District, Finger Lakes Council, Howard s. Mcdonald

is nearing completion. These Mormon

Texas Mission boys, members of the Palmyra Branch, years. In 1924, he became a teacher in

Francisco. to 1934 1943 he San From that have reported the beech American of Riley Utah, Ogden, H. wasJames of superintendent deputy was San trees predominate, that the but probably

10, the 1945, appointed by March schools director Francisco of teachand oldest in trees the and important most theFirst Presidency, as of president ing personnel thirtythree with hundred five are large or sugar Grove rock Mission. President succeedsTexas He certificated teachers his direction. under trees, maples. four together with These

L.William Warner. is a former of the M.I.A. member He other are veteran maples, to said be

between one hundred and fifty and two superintendency of the Cache Stake in hundred years old, or older. Logan. In San Francisco Stake he was

American or white elm, white ash, superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A.,

and basswood, which is also called senior presiden* of the seventies'quoAmerican linden or American whiterum, member of the Sunday School suwood, are scattered through the Grove perintendency, counselor in the stake in approximately equal numbers. Wild presidency, and stake president for

black cherry and wild native plum trees three years. He has also been active in

are also found in the Grove. In all, Boy Scout work in the San Francisco

fourteen varieties of trees and twenty and Salt Lake areas.

shrubs, flowers, and vines have been President McDonald expects to finish identified. his work for his doctor's degree within

The survey was begun under the dithe next several months. His graduate

work has been done at the University of D. Giles, then scoutJohn WILLIAM L. WARNER JAMES H. RILEY rection California. of master of the group.

President Riley was recently released Dr. Widtsoe Addresses University German Saints

as Stake. president of the Weber He Religious Conference report second since the beginning HThe of bishop the Eleventhwas Ogden of the r\R. Council A. Widtsoe John of concerning the the war welfare 1922 from to 1938 he was whenWard of the Twelve, and Mrs. Widtsoe of the Saints German has been received president.sustained as stake

were guests of honor at a banquet of at Church offices through indirect

He will be accompanied to his field of the University Religious Conference, in sources. Dated November 21, 1944, it

labor by his wife, Hattie Hinchcliff Los Angeles, where he had gone to fill read in part

Riley, and their daughter, Kathryn. stake conference appointments. {Continued on page 211)

APRIL, 1945 193 (pOJCieDD QJOtPd

TJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake * * Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio netBROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY THE COLUMBIA AND THROUGH KSL By RICHARD L EVANS work 1 1:00 a.m. Central Eastern at 12:00 noon War Sunday War Time,

Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain WarTime, and 9:00 a.m.PacificWarTime.

j*... cLet a an Lxamine J4ivm5e Jke Lritical Ujtears

'"Phere are many forces these days, which, for their own rE hear many appraisals and opinions as to what conlife. critical of a man's period stitutes the What most en with to deal men purposes, convenience and W question to this answer critical course years? any the are Of them type as rather than groups seekindividuals—tomasse—as

in crisis have of particular kind we upon this, what ourselves depend would from apart quite But, classify we them.and to

have a way of classifying ourselves more definitely than any mind. For some things, especially as to physical wellbeing,

artificial classification that may be imposed upon us. It is the years of early infancy are critical; in many ways, the

a common human characteristic for men to seek their own years of childhood are critical; in some vital respects adoleselement, to associate with the type of people they themselves cence is a critical period; for some things and for some peoare. Granted freedom, humankind gravitate to congenial ple, adulthood, middle age, and old age are critical. But if by

surroundings and to congenial associations. We find those the question we mean to ask when is a man safe, mentally andof common interests gathering together to speak their commorally, physically and spiritually—at what point can he

mon language. Thieves associate with thieves. The highlet down his guard and relax his vigilance and cease conminded seek others of highmindedness. People of kindred structive activity—if this is what we mean, then the answer

tastes and hobbies and likes and dislikes tend to patronize is that all the years are critical years. Children often get

the same events and to frequent the same atmosphere. into trouble; so do those who are old enough to know better

isn't thereWhen we have our choice, we judge ourselves every day—and so do some who are admittedly too old. But

we live, without waiting for the judgments of heaven and some time in life when a man, having continued long in good the hereafter. We judge ourselves by the company we works, can safely relax? Here again the answer depends

seek voluntarily, by the places we choose to frequent, by upon what we mean by "relax."If we mean moderate and

the thoughts we permit ourselves to think, by the surroundwell-earned physical and mental relaxation, yes. If we

years, advancing that retarding with natural comes mean the concerned those reachings who are for and we enjoy—and

is there man's in a no point the is, yes. But answer justice again about their place in it, and heaven who worryabout

and judgment, may find part of their answer in their own life when he can safely say, "That's that!"and thereafter

voluntary pursuits, here and now. It is as one philosopher cease from constructive good works. In idleness and inexpressed it: "I don't know whether this one or that one will difference, men are never safe at any age; they are always

go. But whoever would be likely to feel at home in heaven in a critical period of life—and the least that would likelywould be found there when the time comes."'Knowing happen is quick deterioration, rapid aging—and probable

the constancy of human nature, it would not seem likely loss of touch with the world; the worst that might be

that people would be any more comfortable in uncongenial expected is the intrusion of moral and spiritual difficulties places or with incompatible people out of this world than—at no matter what age. There is an old proverb, "Count

they would be in this world. And so, perhaps the thing each no man happy until he is dead,"which is another way of

man should decide for himself is what kind of company he saying, "He that shall endure unto the end, the same shall wants to live with, and then so conduct his life as to be be saved."(Matthew 24:13.) Good works are not so much

comfortable in that kind of company. And for members of a stockpile of something we once did, but are rather a

a family who would strengthen their bonds and perpetuate continuous flow of such things. The length of life rests with

their association together, it would seem to be wisdom for God our Father, but there is no point at which we are justified them to adhere to common ideals and standards and to'in relaxing our standards, or in forgetting our ideals, or in live in accordance with those standards, looking both to the dropping our safeguards. Half a life well lived is better

present and the eternal future. In other words, decide than none at all—-but the rules of this life apply to this life as

where you want to be and with whom you would like to a whole, from the earliest years of discretion until the final be, then obey the rules, pay the price, and earn the right benediction. And anything less than continuance in good

to be there. If you don't, you probably won't be, and if you works as long as life lasts could not, with certainty, be

were, you probably wouldn't be comfortable. And to this called wholly successful living, and could not with conthe unqualified fidence to pronouncement, look done, "Well himself."end, as Paul advised, "... let a man examine

'faithful servant."thou and 25:21.) good (Matthew What 11:28.)(Iv Cor.

-; 4, 1945.10AK—February, is critical of life? the time time for some For it is one and

*Mark Hopkins some another—but for all of us it could be any year, or all

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ita* il.

... "As a very important sourcethe years, or any day, or any hour—and useful activity, popular government."

with everlasting vigilance, is the way of safety, from childof strength and security, cherish public credit, avoiding hood to the grave.. likewise the accumulation of debt, not only by shunning

—February 11, 1945. occasions of expense, but by vigorous exertions in time of

peace to discharge the debts which unavoidable wars have

Loundei to a rjatvon publicoccasioned."than to...private"I holdaffairsthe maximthat honestyno less isapplicablealways theto

'"Poday America is closely examining her past and earnestly best policy...."Such are a few of the principles and precontemplating her future. The Sunday that comes becautions which George Washington in his farewell address

tween birthday anniversaries of two of our great patriots laid down for the safety and preservation of a nation would seem to be an appropriate time for the restatement principles which always contribute to the wellbeing of any of some fundamentals. Because George Washington spoke people who regard them, and which are always followed

more than a century and a half ago, there are those who by trouble for those who disregard them. May God bless

would contend that the principles he laid down have outthe memory of George Washington, and of Abraham Linlived their usefulness. This is not surprising. There are coln, and preserve freedom and righteousness and integrity

also those who would say that because Moses lived some in the nation to which they gave their lives.

thirtyfive centuries ago the Ten Commandments need no—February 18, 1945.

longer qualify our conduct. There are those who would

nearly lived that Christ because us believe Jesus thehave is years on ago now Jfie Jallacu of vvaitinatwo thousand the Sermon the Mount outdated. Proceeding upon this fallacy, there are those

abroad in every generation who haven't learned that while Jill JkeiA Ljrow Ulp the superficial fashions and material circumstances of life may change, the basic principles do not. Neither does rE sometimes hear of parents, and others responsible for

postdefer or indefinitely of the guidance so of George nature. words Washyouth, whohuman And we let the w

is This attitude of children. religious of education quote: these the reminders. us pone "The basisington bring To

our political systems is the right of the people to make and often defended as being modern, liberal, and broadminded, to alter their constitutions of government. But the Conand the explanation usually given is that, "We'll wait for the

stitution which at any time exists, till changed by an explicit children to grow up and let them make their own decisions and authentic act of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory with respect to these matters. We won't urge our opinions

upon all.""... It is important... that... those intrusted or convictions upon them."It sounds easy and plausible,

with... administration confine themselves within their but logic would suggest that if it were good to wait for the

respective constitutional spheres."... "The spirit of enchildren to grow up before we instil in them any religious

croachment tends to consolidate the powers of all the deor spiritual convictions, wouldn't it also be best to wait partments in one, and thus to create, whatever the form of until they have grown up before we begin to school them in government, a real despotism. A just estimate of that love any phase of life—wait until they grow up and let them

of power and proneness to abuse it which predominate in decide for themselves whether or not they want to be the human heart is sufficient to satisfy us of the truth of this honest, whether or not they want to be lawabiding, whether position."... "Let there be no change by usurpation; for or not they want good health? If, in the name of being

though this in one instance may be the instrument of good, (Concluded on page 210) it free are governments which is the customary weapon by 'Revised resist the intrigues patriots... "Real destroyed."may who

of the favorite are liable to become suspected and odious, Copyright. 1945

while... tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the people to surrender their interests."... "Of

all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable *s*S3S5S3iSSKi.,.,

supports,"... "And let us with caution indulge

the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion."... "Reason

and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle. It is

substantially true that virtue or morality is- a necessary spring of

APRIL. 1945

Editorials Lonference r(oLice TT7E are advised by the war committee on conJhe v "ventions that they will not consider the [-adding, of Samuel \J. Osenmon holdingon April of6 toour8, annualinclusive,conference1945, as contraryof the Churchto the

rules and regulations announced by that commitan tee, though they request that the attendance be restricted as much as possible.

'T'wice within two days the summons of death was Accordingly, the one hundred fifteenth annual conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of answered by two of our brethren of the General Latterday Saints will convene on Temple Square,

Authorities of the Church. In the passing of Elders Salt Lake City, Utah, on Friday, April 6, at 10:00

Samuel O. Bennion and Rufus K. Hardy, both of the a.m., and will continue through Saturday, April 7,

First Council of the Seventy, two lives of long and conand Sunday, April 8.

Following the suggestion to limit the attendance, spicuous service in the Lord's Latterday cause have we invite the following named officers to this anclosed their records here—both to take up their labors nual conference:

elsewhere—and both blessed with a certainty of conThe General Authorities of the Church

viction that the Master whom they served here will have One member of the presidency of each stake work for them to do in the kingdom of our Father. The president, not the counselors, of the high

priests quorums While greatly different in many ways, these two men senior member of the high council of each The met on the common ground of the gospel of Jesus Christ. stake

Both of them set aside their chosen work and their One member of the bishopric of each ward, the personal ambitions, and gave up whatever else it was president of each dependent branch in the necessary to give up, to respond to the calls of service wards, and one member of the presidency of each independent branch in the stakes that came to them—as young men and likewise during

their later years. Before either of them was called to The sessions of the conference will be held as

a place in the presiding councils of the Church, Brother follows

Hardy had been three times to New Zealand as a misFriday, April 6, 10:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m.

sionary, and Brother Bennion had served twentynine Saturday, April 7, 10:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m., 7:00

p.m. years in the Central States Mission. Each of them had Sunday, April 8, 10:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m.

demonstrated his willingness to respond to calls of duty, Instructions will be issued through the presiwhenever they came—and wherever such calls took dencies of stakes regarding admission to the Temthem. Both of them traveled up and down the Church ple Square grounds.

energetically, not sparing of themselves, their strength, All the sessions will be broadcast except the nor their time, and not permitting the work to be re- 7:00 p.m. meeting, Saturday, April 7, 1945.

tarded by their other interests.

Not within a hundred years has the Church lost by death two of its General Authorities in so short a space of time. But that the purposes of God have been

the determining factor in their passing is no more to be doubted than it is that they served faithfully in life.

And that there is work to be done in the kingdom of our Father in the heavens is no more to be doubted than that there is more work here to be done than there are willing hands to do it.

Families bereaved, friends sorrowed by their loss, /QavitW.fmfd7The First Presidency and the Church deprived of their service—these undeniable facts are alleviated by an abiding faith that the

Lord God overrules in all things in earth as he does in heaven, and by the certainty of the personal continuance the assurance of a glorious reunion in a time to be deterof all men, under conditions which assure unto us in the mined by our Father in heaven.

resurrection "whatever principle of intelligence we atFor us, we acknowledge our loss, knowing that greatlife."tain unto in this

er devotion to the Lord's work in the earth will be difTo Sister Bennion and Sister Hardy, and their beficult to find. May peace be with these, our brethren,

reaved families, we extend our love and sympathy in whom death has taken, and with those who are left to this hour of trial for them. That time will relieve the mourn; and may the labors of Samuel O. Bennion and

acuteness of their sorrow by the comforting spirit of Rufus K. Hardy continue to be felt for good, now and in

our Father, we know by the experience of others. We the generations to come, through the countless thoupray that they will have quiet pleasure in memories, and sands of lives their ministry has influenced.

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Church signed with him. Brother Marsh and the

other signers were excommunicated from the Church.

In the face of the evidence that came to the surface, the Evidences and two asked almost at once for forgiveness, and reentered the Church, and were restored to their offices.

Brother Marsh also came back, several years later, a reconciliations broken, old man, complaining bitterly, "If any of you want to see the effects of apostasy, look upon me."'

xcv. l/l/no Were the <JJanlte5 f Allites, threeexceptadmittedby hearsay.that theyA bandknewofnothingDanites,of organizedthe DanTntruth once uttered, needs support. Therefore, by the Church, is but a phantom of Church enemies.

*"**"another lie is invented to bolster up the first. Yet This was, however, a sweet morsel for the enemies

another is required to defend the second; and so on, of the Church. It did not take long for them to fasten

continuously. The process goes on until a flood of ununspeakable crimes upon the Mormons through an

truth washes upon the rock of truth. By this method the imaginary, terrible, thieving, murderous, secret society,

evil one has filled the earth with error. That is the hard called Daughters of Zion, Danites, Avenging Angels,

way of the liar: unless he repents, he must continue Flying Angels, Big Fan, Brothers of Gideon, or Whitto lie. tling Deacons—all fierce as tigers, with a lusty appetite

This principle is well illustrated in the persecutions for the blood of nonMormons. Despite the truth, fortiof "Mormonism."Those who have set out to destroy fied over and over by facts, the sky was darkened to

the Church, and there have been such attempts from its many a good person, by the long beards of the Danites, organization, have been driven to invent untruth, which who were supposed, as their chief pastime, to drive has greatly multiplied, to the injury of innocent people. knives into the breasts of their victims, or perhaps puncAmong the first of such untruths about the Church, ture an unbeliever from a distance with a bullet. A lie

was the story of a secret oathbound society called the is tough and fleetfooted. It is not easy to overtake or

Danites, or by some other name, used by the Church kill it; and the liar loves to foster it.

for evil purposes. The Danites were used as bogeymen, Novelists and storytellers caught on to the possibility

hobgoblins, to frighten people away from the restored of Danite stories. Here was material to curdle young

gospel message. And the bogeys were held high for all blood, or old. Here was interest stuff, to keep the reader

to see. They were dressed up as longbearded bloodawake at nights. Story after story appeared in printed

thirsty men with bowie knives, rifles, and pitiless eyes, form, and in many languages, in which the Danites frothing at the mouth to slit a nonMormon's throat, or played the main part. Conan Doyle, who had never seen

to put a bullet in his back. They were so wickedly a Mormon, but had read nonMormon, lying screeds,

described as to scare men into invoking the laws of entertained the world with A Study in Scarlet. In this

heaven and earth to protect the unwary who might and other Danite stories, young Mormons may learn come into lasso distance of a "Mormon"—who, of that their peaceful grandmothers and industrious grandcourse, was always a Danite. fathers, also perhaps their own mothers and fathers,

The fact of the matter is that the Church has never were and are only wolves in sheep's clothing, thieves, fostered a secret society, Danite or any other. Its work adulterers, and murderers. On his lecture tour over

is sacred; therefore cannot be secret. Every ordinance America, Dr. Doyle, a little red in the face, came to Salt

of the Church is open to all members who live the gospel, Lake City, with some misgivings, for he knew he had and thereby fit themselves for the blessings of the slandered a good people. But the Mormons laughed him

Church. out of court by filling the tabernacle nearly 6,000 strong.

A Doctor Sampson Avard, a restless, ambitious, And his skin was as whole when he left as when he characterless joined domineering, the man, Church. had heavier. Later, purse but his came, was considerably

position in high the not called to a he was When apology. 3 himself, Church, he, a hesitating made

himself. for about place undertook, 1838, to he a make are, writers in most as thing hungry London, young A flattery, his personality persuasive and he ample won By the things picturing about at awful tried her hand following the of explained a of men. he them number To lifetime spent it profitable, she a Danites. so found She called that the Church, Presidency the of been he had by royalties from the with hunger her stomach appeasing the for organization secret to of accomplishment form a

literature, in such course, books. series such of a Of for the very important of but Church, a work some

ships, loaded of her with matter. facts not Mordo One after secret confidence Then, nature. the he had won evidently without sailed London, converts, from mon this explain society that the to of group, proceeded he

inCity, Salt the right difficulty, over into Lake any for to the plunder rob authority nonMormons, had and plains, mountains miles of and tervening seven hundred true of upbuilding the the of God. kingdom When Salt City dale, hill from separate that Lake and up down society revealed, thus of the the design duped was writers that seaport. knows the But everybody nearest this his 4 villainy rejected teachings. as brethren soon As

fit truth. if the their exactly live, not even do words must attention of Presidency, to the the brought Avard was encyclopedias, editors of and unsuspecting some Even the Smith, Church. excommunicated from Joseph was

in. Stories histories, taken of been writers careless have the in Jail, the to that Liberty while wrote Church of the gospel, "minister"of often there, told are a by on, of wholly going presidency unaware what were was

threat atrocities, to their their and human the Danites, as they spurned have them known, "would and had 1 writers reputable instance, in every welfare. Though hell."gates the they of would

existed, really Danites that the to not say dared have

All this happened in the perilous days of the Missouri and the stories have usually been corrected as facts have persecutions, when the lives of the Saints were in conbeen presented. Such widespread literature about the

stant danger. The hearts of many failed them. Thomas imaginary Danites in the Church has done much to fan

B. Marsh, president of the Council of the Twelve, the flame of hatred for the Mormon people.

became disaffected, and wrote a charge against the Orders to kill the nonMormons were always issued,

Prophet, including the statement that the Church had so it was said in Danite stories, by Joseph Smith, later authorized the formation of a band of Danites, for ( Continued on page 222 purposes of robbery. Two other prominent members

2John Taylor, Succession in the Presidency, pp. 1113.

Documentary History of the Church, 3:231. See also, O. F. Whitney, SA. C. Doyle, Our Second American Adventure, p. 87.

History of Utah. Vol. 1, pp. 154, 195; B. H. Roberts, Comprehensive History 4Examples are: Winifred Graham; also Dana Coolidge, The Fighting

of the Church, Vol. 1, pp. 472-4, 500-3, 505-8. Danites: Joaquin Miller, Danites in the Sierras.

APRIL, 1945 197 <rMc(cfti3 ei cFPriestdooi CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. LEE, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MCKAY, CLIFFORD

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS

fleet the conditions. A report fails in its Answer 16: No. It is requested for the

Quarterly Melchizedek purpose if it is not complete with all sake of uniformity that each group and course, study outlined the follow that quorum fully. questions answered A report in available materials helps utilizing the and reports Reports is joy isPriesthood a neat forever—these Secthe Church and Improvement Bra The archives. the of part Church a become is dealso This tion of Deseret News. The all groups, quorums, reports fromHPhe is all, prompt secretary the who Above to courses of followup the sirable because of first quarter the for stakes and glad."heart the "maketh years. in succeeding presented be

very be in a1945 will few days. due to this thank opportunity take as such We a quorum, Question 17. When

is in the preparation care urgedExtreme help all and splendid for your you in two or has membership cothe high priests, f these reports. Group reports can be operation. more wards, and therefore has a group orcompiled immediately following Sunganization in each ward, may the group

is last 25th, theday, which counselors? March have Regarding leader Questions and Answers

and a 17. group leader quarter. of to the bemeeting are No. They Answer A Priesthood the New Melchizedek be appointed should in each secretary ward secretary. tomailed the quorum

Quorum reports are to be completed Roll and Report Books under the direction of the quorum presiof affairs the group the to conduct dency, Era,""Improvement (Continued. See stake the the of to mailed chairmanand

seequorum, to the reports proper make and 143.) 1945, page March committee PriesthoodMelchizedek by credit proper receives that ing member every it for Is 16: a quopermissible Question 7th. later April thannot Melchizedek activities (See performed. for its course of select to or group own is signed stake report to be by rum The 4; also folder, see Question page Priesthood of its fit the as need, such to Book study stakethe the chairman of Melchizedek 12.) Answer No. and instead material, subject other or Mormon,

is committee,Priesthood a member who in page) next column, first {Concluded of Kingdom! Gospel The

of the stake presidency, and by the secretary, and mailed to the Council of the

Twelve, 47 East South Temple Street,

Salt Lake City, Utah, on or before the Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, May, 1945 15th of April. Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

Forms for group reports will be found Writings and Discourses of ]ohn Taylor in the back of the Roll and Report Book, in dupli- B-l. to are beNo. made They you do purposes? educational for What 64 LESSON

: will the retainedcate, in statement 275) "You being of think the (p. one copy Education of Meaning The

... far will ahead that be Zion the see daybook. Topics: 269274. Need The Text: pp. pertaineverything in outside world the of for be reports to are quorum Forms Education True Thought. Discriminate for."? it. think learning. you to ing Would Benefit. Roll in the the for of Report and found back Use Put Human Be A Must To University fair to Brigham. Young compare Knowland Knowledge. also Critique of reports God B-2. are These Book, No. state large our and Columbia, Harvard, with for Health. Geography Education edge. reduplicate, in being one copymade this connection? in universities may How "ImproveArchitecture. Agriculture. and in tained the book. this fulfill prophecy? perfectly Do more we Selection and Things."in All The ment It is that secrethe suggested quorum for that more does of church any know you Intelliand Teachers. Truth of Payment all reports carefully to audit expects tary group Zion ours? than education "God gence. the of whole glory praise the and report, the become compiling before and quorum

to of ought education men Discuss: "The.".. education has earth. 276.) (p. What returned reports the corrected that be temporal... as their positions to adapted be this? with to do in for overhelp secretary to the group has beings."269.) eternal What (p. and

the coming same position as with man's difficulties when the education to do 66 an LESSON is prepared. report next that agree (p. 269) eternal being? you Do Marriage The Law of

is generthat the stake is suggested the present day Likewise it education of "the (major) 278285. Topics On Text: pp.

L.D.S. is the misapplied"? audit ally secretary What Priesthood Melchizedek Why? Cove-: of the Marriage Eternity Marriage.

(See person? "educated"ideal of the "A all entering before them reports quorum Problems. Life nant. Family Some

In 270271.) of Critique Knowledge,"pp. that then stake he form, and the on in preservation, is the Discuss: Why said 273), (p. Taylor "We 1883 President the quoto copies corrected the return the institution of of the love, purity and educational attention to to more need pay (See society? secretaries. to healthy basic a family, rum..". matters.

of the Gospel,"the and in pp. "Marriage Law to are stake found forms be The

book No. B-4, and this report is also LESSON 65 278279. ) What are some of the more serious

of the stability affecting the modproblems in Church Education the in remaining duplicate, one copy made for our counsel day family? ern What stake the for in the of use the book 274277. Education Topics: Text: pp. President Taylor? utilized from might be committee. Priesthood Melchizedek NegCannot Education Be in the Church. of family description his class to the Read

Is to rethat It Compared the lected. Be should Not be remembered "Money the of are 284. some prayers page on What

of Education Intelligence."The sending With for the sponsibility making and 284285.) responsibilities of husbands? (pp.

of the Things Saints. Teaching Latterday rests the group with of report in the group material Utilize the suggestion: Further

Auxiliaries. and Teachers, Schools, God. responsibility article, the Perfect secretary; Earth by Home,"leader the and "The

Instruction. "Train School Our Up Sunday in the Church Clark, Jr., President Reuben rests the with quoreport the of quorum Things."After These Children."Seek "We Society 10, 1945 for (Relief J.February News secretary; the president and and rum

the representa-; Secure from Suggestion: frequent con1940) December Magazine, is responsible wholly committee stake education of department tives of the Church on tributions President David O. McKay by all reports quarterly for from procuring the current of in a copy community your i'n and this Era; Improvement theme The Priesthood the of Melchizedek quorums of extent the and of scope announcement President Standards, in ten chapter Gospel

in the stake. All of these officers should educational offerings by the Church and Heber J. Grant's teachings on this subject.

take pride in seeing to it that all reports present same, briefly, to the class as a It is easy to overlook the fundamental sigare made in full and on time. preliminary to this lesson. nificance of marriage and the home. Every

Brethren, to be of value, a report must Discuss: Would President Taylor apquorum might well take advantage of this

first of all be accurate and actually reprove the generous expenditure of money lesson to underline these important matters.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) a

give themselves no publicity, certainly problem of alcoholism. Whether as vicNO-LIQUORTOBACCO not the names of members. From a tims, friends of victims, physicians, clergypsychiatrists, social or there workers, men, this entitled booklet quote "A.A."we

this are will such, give them, and many book COLUMN I article, the following and An "Am other treatise as this to reviewer no known by Conducted Alcoholic?": will, inside the of an view which problem

F. Merrill Dr. Joseph is. this.. to booklet of purpose "The the faces. in alcoholic is not book The

show how thousands of us, who were the least sensational. It is notable for its

restraint, sanity, overand freedom from alcoholics, hopeless recovonce haveAlcoholics Anonymous is fanaticism. It emphasis careand a sober, ered malady. found from have our We

ful, tolerant, the of sympathetic treatment that there ever heardTLTave you life longer of compels are a which no wayA alcoholic's of successful the problem and call themthat of people A groups is drink. us Alcoholics to Anonymous

its techniques coauthors which have by Well, "Alcoholicsselves Anonymous"? great the expelled reality our has which their freedom. won they butthere thus named, are groups obsession.

.. "Banded together in groups, or someAm I An Alcoholic?

[Concluded from preceding page) times working alone, we aim to help 4 <"pHis is the grim and practical questhe of health. 18: the their fellow drinkers member recover Question May tion faces every which problem chairact to as appointed presidencystake offer exreformers, being our Not we is drinker of control. out who 'What call committee the stake Melchizedek ofman it. perience those only want who control?'of lack do mean by we you inother or of the high councila member is fees—'A.A.'to avocaare an There no ask. rethis to carry vice chairman asdividual his tion. of squares debt Each member for that "Suppose, example,sponsibility? have you

alcoholics helping other by is the gratitude It desirable that great 18: No. engagement of to an Answer importance—his In he maintains recovery. so doing, responin this important leadershipactive situation even one where drink would

sibility be carried personally by a member own sobriety. make a very bad impression. You represidency. theof stake growing, about "Rapidly number we solve drink to nothing, strangely yet

there 19: small In ward, where a Question are exdrinkers to be 12,000 who now just drink. enough take do you one You or seventies perhaps andare only one two in found Canadian American 350 and it.''need because say Disaster you you priests, needthree a separate high do we recovcommunities. member Our first litfollows. learn, But and do not a you priesthood, the ofroll for each order bookor may we keep the names of the high priests ered more than ten years ago. We betle later the debacle is repeated. This

and seventies in one book? lieve that twothirds of us have laid a time it is worse. To your damage and

Answer 19: In such a case it is permissible foundation for permanent sobriety, as consternation, you get very drunk.

to keep names in one roll book, grouping more than half have had no relapse at "Let's assume you keep on doing this elders together. priests, seventies andhigh all, despite had been conthe fact many sort of the first drink thing—taking it is the secrefor group necessaryHowever, incurable. sidered there to; is every reason not when oftary each for each to account member

is getting disastrously to alcoholism "This approach drunk you when quarterly. secretary to thegroup quorum

Extra sheets are being provided for group based upon our own drinking experiabsolutely know you must not. Obquarterly reports, so that a separate report ence, what we have learned from viously you are drinking in spite of

can be sent to the secretary of each quorum medicine and psychiatry, and upon spiryour will and directly against your and from these the quorum secretaries can itual principles common to all creeds. own best interest. Something has gone

compile accurately the quorum reports. By combining these resources, the rewrong. You cannot 'Take it or leave it

in attempting 20: mind have Question We alcoholics rate covery well even want alone,'among who understand you when

priests ourto of high each get group from increased. greatly to that very stop has drink is poison. been one

to include such report a monthlyquorum, as that think of alcoholism an illness; suppose get drunk beyou "Now "We stake as committeeitems used can be by the

to assist in analyzing the problems of the an obsession of the mind coupled to an cause you are hurt, angry, or worried.

groups. Do you recommend such reports 'allergy'of the body. It is a shattering Or just because you are bored. And

that emotional, and spirtighter you often suggestions? than have get much anyand do you

20: General the obsession planned. The again, Answer say, 'Never that you you Priesthood comitual.sickness—physical,How to expel

mittee is inclined to discourage monthly recompels us to drink against our will is during the 'hangover.'But you soon

ports. It is hoped that the new plan will the problem of every alcoholic. forget the penalty and repeat the perif feel the that the reportlessen work. We requirement formance. A.A. alcohol only memfor neces- "The a Has become

quarterly, to faithfully will report yougroup desire sity? drinkto stop honest bership an will that will information the havethat you

religious feel ing. that each man's telltale are "These the some of Weis to help adequately.enable them you

views, if any, are his own affair. While symptoms which usually spell trouble;

every shade of opinion is found among which set the alcoholic apart from his us we take no position, as a group, upon fellow drinkers.... But the alcoholic

A T the regular meeting of the Church controversial questions. No particular drinks on with little or no control, as

* service committee a list of all inpoint of view is demanded of anyone. if in response to a strange inner comactive quorum members should be availOur sole aim is to show sick alcoholics pulsion which has him in its grip. Memable for study and consideration. At who want to get well how they may do bers of Alcoholics Anonymous know

this meeting reports should be received so. that such lack of control means a falling

from those assigned to visit these in- "Perhaps you would like to write us barometer and stormy seas. This mysactive members and plans laid for winfor assistance. If you do not know any terious failure of the will is the prelude

ning their friendship and confidence. A.A. members, please address The Alto deadly alcoholic obsession.

These plans can be worked out in cocoholic Foundation, P.O. Box 459, "When badly out of control most of

operation with the social and miscelGrand Central Annex, New York 17, us struggled desperately but could not laneous committee to include socials and N.Y. Your inquiry will be in confidence stop. Nor did we drink moderately for

other projects where the wives of memif you so request it.... long. Filled with the delusion that we

bers can participate. The aim would "Alcoholics Anonymous, a volume could drink like our friends, we tried

be the development of a closer acquaintof 400 pages written by A.A. members again and again to 'Take it or leave it'

ance and a better comradeship among is our textbook of recovery. The book but could do neither. Always came the

the members. is devoted to a detailed description of inevitable 'bender,'or a lapse into ceaseThe weekly meeting of the quorum our methods and contains many case less unhappy drinking. Families, friends,

presidency gives ample opportunitv for histories in story form. Many alcoholics and employers threw up their hands in

the presentation and discussion of any have achieved sobriety with no other hurt bewilderment."

program suggested for the quorum's help."Are you or your friend an alcoholic?

betterment. Each committee is repreOf this book Dr. Harry Emerson If so, we suggest you get in touch with

sented at this meeting by its chairman Fosdick says: the New York office, the address of

and a good chance is provided to coThis extraordinary book deserves the which is given above.

ordinate the work of all the committees. careful attention of anyone interested in the ( See also page 1 74

APRIL, 1945 199 Hjtneaiogy

NINE GENERATIONS OF SPIRITUAL LEADERS theAgainpowerfulconspiracyGadiantonwas bandformed,was andorBy Archibald F. Bennett ganized. One of their chieftains was

General Secretary, Genealogical Society Kishkumen, notorious for having already murdered the previous chief (Continued) Nephites. Helaman loved them and judge. Kishkumen now attempted to slay

called them his sons, and they addressed Helaman also. But one of Helaman's

3. Helaman, Son of Alma him as father. "Never,"declared he, servants mingled among the conspircourage!"their so great them, learned I seen "have ators as of one of They succes- a worthy provedHelaman plot, and, as with the strength pretending "fought to guide wicked of God,"father. truly great As the sor to a

new head of the Church, Helaman with mighty power and miraculous Kishkumen to where the chief judge went forth preaching the word of God strength. More than once their fearwas, stabbed Kishkumen and put an end

among all the people, perfecting and less attack turned defeat into victory, to his murders. The rest of the Gadianregulating their organizations in every and when other veterans fled these reton band fled.

city. mained firm and undaunted. In some Again there were great migrations to

But now a wicked dissenter, Amabitterly contested engagements every the northland, and the new settlers in lickiah, a large and strong man, ambione of the two thousand was wounded this time of expansion began to cover tious for power and seeking to become with many wounds, but not one was the face of the whole land, building king, boldly spoke false and flattering slain., many cities. This high tribute is paid

words, leading away "the hearts of Helaman proved to be a gifted and to Helaman, high priest and chief judge:

at resourceful stratagem general, adept Factions people to do wickedly."many

.. fill did the judgmentseat. Helaman cities fortified with capturing strongly the in to give heed not wouldformed who justice with he did observe yea, and equity;

displaysmall loss of always life, and Shiblon and and of Helamanteachings the the statutes to and judgments, keep and

Corianton and other faithful men of ing a sublime faith in God. When peace the commandments of God; and he did that

God. Others grew proud of their exand victory came at the end of the long which was right in the sight of God conceeding great riches. Amalickiah and war, Helaman and his brethren resumed tinually; and he did walk after the ways of

his adherents finally determined to slay their preaching to reestablish the his father, insomuch that he did prosper in land. the all in in the land. the died Church He the lower righteous. promisedthe He

that sons. to pass he two had it came And of of reign the B.C. 35th Judges, year them supported to make himjudges who the eldest the gave of Nephi, unto name He 57. to destroy people,rulers the and over Lehi. the the unto of youngest, and name his given charge Shiblon, brother, was liberty. ofthe foundation to they the Lord. unto began grow up And

things. of the records sacred and He general, valiant the that it was Then 3:2021.) (Helaman

Moroni, raised his "title of liberty,"was a just man, walking uprightly and summoning all who would be true to doing good continually, "and also did Years of peace followed, and tens of their God, their families, and their freehis brother,"Corianton. At this time thousands joined the Church. So many

dom, to dedicate their lives to this Hagoth built his ships to carry colonists blessings were poured out upon the sacred cause. Outnumbered, Amalickiah to the land northward. Shiblon died, Nephites that even the high priests and

and his followers fled to the Lamanites. B.C. 53. Corianton having gone into the teachers were astonished, and there was

By treachery, within a short time he land northward in a ship, the records continual rejoicing.

made himself king of the Lamanites, and passed to Helaman, son of Helaman. One of the truly choice passages of

in bitterled them warfare against his 4. Helaman, Son of Helaman admonitionthe Book of toMormonhis sons,relatesNephiHelaman'sand Lehi: and kindred. peopleformer

powerful Lamanite army his day a likened Tn by the chronwas Helaman sons, I desire that ye should Behold, my faithfulness. inicler While Zarahemla. chief city the captured to Moroni of the to keep remember commandments

war clouds gathered, he and the high Their leader, Coriantumr, impetuously God; and I would that ye should declare

priests preached the word of God; the pressed his attack into the center of the unto the people these words. Behold, I have

people humbled themselves; and again Nephite land, only to be slain and to given unto you the names of our first pargood order prevailed in the Church. bring disastrous defeat upon his army, ents who came out of the land of Jerusalem;

Aiding him in this missionary work were who were forced to surrender. In the and this I have done that when you remember them; ye your remember names may Corianton,his Shiblon apand brothers, 41st year of Judges, was Helaman

and them rememremember ye ye when may Mosiah King of the former the of chief sons the voice pointedand the judge by their ber works; and remember ye when

his brethren. Never was and people. their—Ammon that works ye know may how

there a happier time among the people said, and also written, that they were good.it is

of Nephi. Therefore, my sons, I would that ye

overran onslaught the Lamanite As of ADVENTURE shouldbe said doof you,that whichand alsois written,good, thatevenit asmayit the great cities of after anotherone the Nephites, the converted Lamanites, By Alfred I. Tooke has been said and written of them....

his they did and words; remember And felt they ofcalled people the Ammon,

I final leave, to called take am my forth, therefore the keeping went commandto take When their oath up never breakmust grieve. I, too, else shall sad, be or not the of to of teach ments God, word Do God perin bloodshed. Helaman againarms

... bell, sing. dirges not nor solemn a all the (Helaof Nephi. people among

instead so, he Toll to but not do themsuaded lies spring; the another winter Beyond 5:6-7, 14.) man

enlisted two thousand of their young Beyond the darkest night, another dawn sons who had never taken the oath. Heralds the coming glory of the morn. Does not this eloquent and powerful

faithful high of to his sons father appeal their beloved called a uponThey far the other lands horizon Beyond enthis their leader, succession long part in large to explainpriest, be Helaman, eager, the stands voyager who, Await fight for their for generations? of righteous nine totering into a covenant men craft his Sea. across Steering the Unknown

liberty and help to protect the Nephites When we have said farewell, then, think of Helaman died B.C. 39; and Nephi

and themselves from bondage. So me succeeded as Church leader and chief

valiant were they that they proved a As one to great adventure newly freed. judge.

great support to the hardpressed Wish me a pleasant voyage, and Godspeed! (To be continued)

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

HPriestJioo6AaxmkCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY MAY 1945 Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS

Topics and Questions—Chapter 5

"Meeting a Boy Halfway"1 In our last lesson we studied "Feeding the Sheep."consideration gave We to KOLOB STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD BANQUET essentials such as methods, language,

preparation, example. We have the

food prepared comes the Now andquestion—"Whereready to serve. JteJbA SialuL C&kbholsLL. Ckhjuw&mjwidu

shall we serve the banquet?"This TZ"olob Stake has registered the largquet also served as a stimulus for even

chapter, "Meeting a Boy Halfway,"est single gain in the number of greater achievements for 1945.

should assist materially in our serving. Standard Quorum Awards for 1944 Bishop Marvin O. Ashton of the 2. A few questions—Shall we serve our over 1943 yet to be reported to the Presiding Bishopric presented the

spiritual at food only the chapel and office. fiftyPresiding Standard Bishop's banquet Quorum and Awards The

at only a given time only and at regular Individual pictured Certificates in celebration of three of above Award. was intervals? Shall content be to feed we earning fourteen over There were hundred for the past Aaronic awards two those only at the come appointed who

hour and to the appointed place? What year's activities. This is a net gain of Priesthood members in attendance.

about those hungering souls who would fourteen over 1943 or any other year Bishop Ashton made the following rerather go hungry than come to us for since the program was introduced in port of the event:

"the feed"? Consider well the author's 1936. "Three features in particular imobservation of the wise fisherman who Welcome and congratulations to you, pressed me at this banquet; first, the

carefully the gathers then, and worms are wonderful cooperation to Kolob. Relief of the Sohappy include you We instead inviting of the fish to come fine to ciety stakes the the to with are in the determined food prepared and who

for "the feed."him takes the worms if table leaders. splendid decorations; the be second, among

fish. to the

ever President Ernest themselves Strong A. boys any be counto showed and

author's suggestion, 3. The a "Meeting full selors of Peterson, youth dynamite, G. gunpowder and Glen and Andrew

is Halfway,"let Boy good. But us go it here, just together with the as stake probut that Sumison as soon was W. little further a necessary,—or even

started, after Priesthood Aaronic eaten, committee they gram they had were if all the way, to must, save weif a boy.

Feed him the bread of life wherever he hosts to the bishoprics, Aaronic Priestwere perfect gentlemen; third, but not

will partake of it,—in the classroom, in hood leaders, and these young men as least, was the high type of program

the home, out in the hills, on the athan expression of appreciation for their presented largely by members or the letic field, during a walk or a ride, at splendid accomplishments. The banAaronic Priesthood."

work, or at play. Yes, feed him wherever and whenever he needs the spiritual strength of your teachings and the

influence of your leadership. IJDJUJtfL Sp&oltiu

New Records In StandardTopics and Questions—Chapter 6 Quorum Awards

"Spotting Potential Leaders"the PreJanuary 1945, Pouring classifies all author 1 The into boys two siding Bishopric approved 462 groups, i.e., followers leaders. and Consider well the fact, however, that under applications for the Standard

certain circumstances, followers will be Quorum Award to set a new high for found the leading, one any proand will month since leaders be found following. Unless caregive in introduced 1936. ROY R. gram we was VALENTINE

ful to this thought subject are more we During there February were than likely to draw conclusions which 355 applications approved to may obscure our objectives. make this the largest number ap-

2. In the Church, we are interested in deproved in any February since the

veloping every boy. afford cannot We began. program

to off run the is with boy always who total of applications 817 ap- A charging and plunging ahead while first during proved the months two others lag fall behind out. and A

this to argues year well is make its stronger than no link. weakest chainA of

teacher's strength may well be deter- ( Roy is president of the Second 1945 the banner year. Applicamined by what he does for his most Quorum of Deacons in the Gartions are still being received in

backward pupil. Measure your sucvanza Ward, San Fernando Stake. good numbers as we go to press

cess as a teacher those by become who delivered (March 1). the following address He

leaders of because influence your upon quarterly a recent before confertheir lives and not those by who will ence. ) leaders be their are whether teachyou

er or not his face warm. He did not notice the THE QUALIFICATIONS OF A boy coming towards him until—"Ooft"3. Spotting leaders is one thing, but developing leaders is our big objective. PRIESTHOOD LEADER—they met with quite a bang.

think where you're the do you govarious Show how Church programs I didn't especially are designed to recognize Tom, Why leaders. velop are There great posgoing?"deHPomA andleftstartedthe house,off. Therebuttonedwashisquitecoat,a ing—?you"Say,at first. ya Where

sibilities in this lesson if the class wind blowing, so he pulled up his collar "Well, hello, Larry,"replied Tom.

leader makes adequate preparation, and bent down in a futile effort to keep (Concluded on page 202)

APRIL, 1945 201

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Aaronic Priesthood WARD TEACHERS (Concluded from page 201) "I'm going to priesthood meeting. By The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and

the way, why haven't you been coming strengthen them;

lately? We miss you a lot, and I'm sure And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with

that it would do you good."each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

"Aw, what's the use,"answered LarAnd see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the ry. "I can have a lot more fun doing members do their duty. ( D. & C. 20:5355.

something else. Besides all we ever do

is play around. Nobody ever listens to

the lesson."lA/ard Jeachete 'tl/le$Saae for J4pril, 1 94-5

"But, Larry,"said Tom. "We have

a new leader now, and he's swell. Why "FAMILY SOLIDARITY"

don't you come today and see for yourconference the general "pVERYONE who attendedself? will like him."I'm sure you

8, 1944, or October of the Church, who lisreluctantly, *-"'agreed Larry somewhat and arm in arm they started off. tened to the proceedings over the radio, will long

After the meeting was over, Tom remember the discourse of Elder Stephen L Richasked, "Well, Larry, how did you like ards of the Council of the Twelve. He prefaced

it?"his address with a recitation of some old verses

Larry was filled with enthusiasm. written by an American journalist, Will Carleton,

"Boy, oh, boy, that was a swell meeting. and entitled "Over the Hill to the Poorhouse."

I'm glad you talked me into going. I The dissertation which followed was so full of

sure don't want to miss the next one."the spirit of kindness and logic as to command the

"Yes,"replied Tom, "wasn't the lesattention and the deepest respect of all who son interesting? He doesn't just read it listened. The home was enshrined; father and

like some teachers do."mother were enthroned therein; sons and daugh-

"That's what I like,"said Larry. "I ters were brought face to face with their responalso noticed how friendly he was to ELDER STEPHEN L RICHARDS sibilities to their parents and to each other. A

everyone. He made me feel right at word picture of "Family Solidarity"was unveiled

home."and our related positions and responsibilities in the great pattern were

How many of our wards have priestclearly defined.

hood leaders of this type? How many Every Latterday Saint home is to be supplied with Elder Richards'

wards have boys like Larry who, foraddress. It has been printed in convenient pamphlet form and is to be dismerly faithful members, became disintributed by the ward teachers as the message for April 1945.

terested because of poor priesthood In the distribution and discussion of this message the ward teachers leadership? are again in a position to bless the lives of all whom they contact. No one

How can we improve our leadership? should be overlooked. If we fail to visit every home, it will be equivalent to

What does a boy want in a priesthood denying a blessing to those upon whom we do not call. There is a great

leader? need for the information and viewpoint of this message. To every honest

There are three very necessary qualiperson, it will be a tonic to his thinking, stabilize his attitudes, and promote fications for which all priesthood leadthe dignity of his conclusions.

ers should strive. The pamphlet will be supplied in sufficient number so that one may be

The first, and by far the most imleft in each home. Stake clerks will make distribution to bishops.

portant in my opinion, is a thorough It is desired that stake presidencies and bishoprics actively promote knowledge of the gospel and faith in its this project and be satisfied with nothing less than one hundred percent ward teachings. We go to our quorum meetteaching visits for April.

ings to learn more of the teachings and commandments of God, and we want a man who can give them to us, in an lesson with illustrative stories, anecbelieve that to be a success, a priesthood interesting and pleasing manner. When dotes, and quotations, and if he encourleader must command the respect of the

we are puzzled or have questions, we ages group discussion. boys in his quorum, and at the same

want a direct and correct answer. If The second "must"for a good priesttime be a true friend to them.

our leader doesn't know the answers, hood leader is a knowledge of boys. If The third qualification for which a

he should find an authority who does, he understands us, and knows how we priesthood leader should strive is a and present us with the information at are inclined to act under various circumknowledge of himself. By this, I mean

our next meeting. He should have given stances, he can then maintain discipline that he should study and gain a knowlenough thought and study to the lesson in the class, without losing our friendedge of his own faults and seek to overto be able to present it without merely ship and respect. We don't want a man come them. He should practice what

reading it from the manual and withwho is so strict we're afraid to take our he preaches to his class. Of course, to

out stumbling through it. He should enproblems to him, nor do we want a man do this, he will have to be humble,

courage class participation, for in that who is so easy with us that we do not sincere in his calling, and anxious to do way we learn. We grow and progress look up to and respect him. What we the will of the Lord to the best of his

far more than we would by just sitting want is the happy medium—a man who ability. He will need a prayerful and

and listening. I believe that any teachwe feel is one with us, with whom we contrite spirit; he will have to live in

er can make a class interesting if his can laugh and joke, and yet at the proper obedience to the gospel of Jesus Christ.

material is well prepared, if he knows time, who can be serious, and capable But, by doing these things, he will bewhat he is talking about, if he fills his of maintaining order and attention. I come an example to the boys in his class,

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Judah, scribes, record keepers, abridgments, American Indians, prophecies, revelations, visions, dreams, gold plates, brass plates, covenants, Messiahship, and a real knowledge of a real God.

The Book of Mormon really proves its worth by its historical value and upon forget awing its own testimony. No one can

Moroni's testimony of the truthfulness

Charles Josie with the writing by the finger of the piled from hundreds of others now beBOOKS By history of this set of books may begin of the book which he and Mormon comLord upon stone slabs, to the Egyptian ing guarded by heavenly beings.

OURsynonymous.civilization Atandthis booksmomentareit papyrus,of the Greeksto the andscroll,Romans,to the sheepskinsto modern GreatFor suchPricea shorttakes book,the spotlightthe Pearl forof

would be safe to say that over paper; from handwriting to woodcut, modern adventure: especially the Book

half of the civilized world is reading to Gutenberg's movable type, to our of Abraham. Like a truly modern rosome book. It might be a prayer book modern press of today. Each of these mance a few Egyptian mummies came

in some dingy church, the Holy Scripperiods reached into human problems of into the possession of a certain Englishtures in some quiet convent or synathat day. Can't you see Moses returnman and found their way to America

gogue, the Koran or the Vedas of the ing from Mt. Sinai with those slabs and to the city of Kirtland where the

Far East in a mosque, tent, or under the of stone upon which was written Prophet's attention was brought to starry skies; scientists searching formula j God's law to his chosen few? Then as them. Manuscripts (found on one of

books in a laboratory; lawyers thumbthe chosen few settled down in the the mummies ) proved to have been writing thick leatherbound books; the stu-,, promised land, they adopted their more ten by Abraham, in Egyptian characters.

dent, chin in hand, trying to digest Latin progressive neighbors'papyrus and Truly our early leaders gave to it a or other studies under a shaded lamp; alphabet. They now ceased to be a proper name: A Gem, A Pearl.

or a soldier in a foxhole searching nomad people so it was only natural that proved been half it has scripture signifithrough Although more to have began to give him a reason their past printing for living, and fighting. by movable that the first only a "** not gave for them. They cance

Of course you have a library. It might purpose for their race by these writings type was credited to a certain Chinese,

be a small one, but would you sell or but wrote around a central figure: Pi Sheng, 1041 A.D., we still love to

trade it? Maybe you haven't read every Jehovah (Yahweh), with a future elehear how Gutenberg first used it, some

book in it, but there are your favorites, ment which told of a Messiah to come five hundred years later, to print the showing wear and tear, earmarked, through their lineage. greatest book on earth. The environunder conditions as the well as there, ment in places, soiled penciled here and sacred book a remained It might have

its debut type the movable made which turn or that a marker with so can you of the message not had only race for one material on scholars afford forever will to items. get important some You especialfollowers, his impressed into Jesus

subjects. statediscussion. many quotes a a Someone the Jewish interpreted Paul, ly who for library, stop into a walk isn't true. quite you As feel which ment you to his people and to to prove scriptures the for thanks give just and it a moment single read somewhere. You've You waited, long Messiah, a that the world left fellow that heritage our great men it is. the out book. books There Those in letters read were His arrived. had that alone, be never might us that we are of part you. along congregations scattered those custom, fingertips every at our have cities In we bookstores are there many writings. ancient Hebrew the with those history, language, creed—that small the outside stands have which on

filled with new and used books of many "NTo greater romance can book lovers long dead will be made to speak again.

varieties and prices. A visit there should find than in the bringing forth of a Indeed, Carlyle, one of the great congive any psychologicallyminded stusacred book in the nineteenth century. tributors to this great library, spoke our

dent a thousand angles upon which to This book, within and without, comsentiment upon this subject when he write themes regarding human behavmands the reader to have a knowledge said, "Are we not driven to the conior: an elderly scholar searching carefulof Egyptian, Hebrew, prophets of Old clusion that the things which man can

ly each book, hoping to find a copy to and New Testaments, geography of two do or make here below, by far the most match that group he already has; the continents, customs, traditions, old recmomentous, wonderful, and worthy are

bookworm who shuts out the real world ords, Urim and Thummim, Stick of the things called books?"

in those few moments when he reads the flyleaf on a book by his favorite author; the heavy reader, with nearsighted eyes, searching for that book

few people ever read; the younger generation as they discuss hilariously certain books they recognize; the romantic type seeking for flashy titles; the

curious who hurriedly look for pictures, then drop the books anywhere.

HThe kinds of books that surround a man show truly what he is.

The history and evolution of books can supply enough true romance to entertain, as well as to elevate for years.

Let us touch briefly upon the greatest piece of work man has ever produced.

One which contains the history beyond this material world. One which has

altered the course of human events, Photograph, brought hope and faith to a proud race, Harold M. Lambert

brings the mighty low and exalts the lowly: The Holy Bible.

Truly it is just what its title implies

Biblios, a collection of books. The

APRIL, 1945

Religion in the Schools Poetry {Concluded from page 190) {Concluded from page 178)

A few Protestant groups are interested in MORONI a type of program which allows them to teach their own children. The vast ProtBy Jon Beck Shank

years; are willing vallied estant majority, however, the is serried with face

community in a cooperative their resources highas white are hair, my beard, to pool MY My program with a common curriculum and est hills;

teaching staff. My frame is less the size with suffered ills

I advanced broadshouldered when Than Jewish opposition is not based on ingears: battle our

difference to religious education. On But yet my mind is clearest now to say

death. with the for Lord testimony is education. Stood for inadequate Jewish battles milk over No the contrary, it is felt that the program How bravely we, the last of human breath.

till its celestial day. this earth leave lead of the To to violation that it will Also, it into when you make

and separation church of principle of I here write writes, that this hand of delicious And RENNETCUSTARDS it distincpublic state, that makes and too:

It's little for eat. fun folks to with milk a religious tion those want fern curl between and who of graceful the hand, This in delicious, spoon rennetcus- not. those education do and smoke, who tards. to So easy eggs, no make—nocolorful it woke. in the idea mind strength of an leaders last reason, The that Jewish For all cooking—the and they get precious

it lot drew, the to grip willingness The plan, the time""dismissed favor by vitamins minerals and of fresh milk.

I tear with a anoint loyal hand This all dismiss schools public And would rennet which enzyme makes more—the fear far past groping before stretch me, And milk readily digestible. more week, the during afternoon students one

"Junket"Rennet Powder—At all grocers. for whatever their parents wished them

Already sweetened. flavors. Six favorite feel, not plan, they would a to do. Such KINSHIP Vanilla Chocolate Lemon those would discriminate between < who )range Raspberry Maple Lund Coles By Christie instrucreligious to the period devote /, "Junket"Tablets Rennet

\—Not sweetened. Add sugar, tion and those who would not. have not known her heaths

flavor taste. to tablet Each heather, her seen I Nor in religion **">* interested Parents not

4 5 or rennetcustard makes gray the moist known Nor for or music period some t.e'desserts or use the pint could than a more

<e weather; England's in reof automatic Of ice cream free children activity, the leave or frigerators. in 12 package. At other

grocers and druggists. for recreation. However, in most cases I have not seen her hills

// \ Jews cooperate on an interfaith basis Nor brooding moors.

wherever the plan has become law or Nor the emerald green public policy. When spring is at her doors;

This year's enrollment in weekday I have not climbed her cliffs.

classes is the highest in the history of Nor walked her leas.

the movement. But there is plenty of Nor heard the roar and plash

SEND room for improvement and expansion. Of her ancient seas.

COUPON Some 32,000,000 youngsters attend pubYet, I have known her Shelley for lic schools in America, and about half And her Keats,

Free of these have no religious contacts Their words have echoed

Wartime whatsoever. My own heartbeats;

Recipes NET -*"G,. '"—A school board member in Iowa may I have read "Tintern Abbey,"

undone Been in figures when, feii his mind those have had desmilk delicious for,-.. Recipes of Wordsworth's beauty By the religious in education, discussion a on also cream; ice and serts spun; TflLO..Fiitt'Magic Whathelp- "Mother, "If teach Benedict booket> remarked: he you

Diet?"AboutM My of treachery, a kinship as Arnold known an example I have why And

Folks,"'Junkbt'"The spirit the Of Christ as an exteach Jesus can't you Inc., Dept. Laboratory, Hansen's Chr. sight nor touch not needs That Toronto, to mankind?"of service 74. ample Y. (In Canada, Falls, N. Little

it endear more To Ont.)

Please send free recipes and children'i O, England, with your heaths booklet. diet

(Just paste this coupon on postcard And moors and heather, and add your name and address.) Our hearts are bound

Inexorably together! Kanijaints

will be MOTHER NATURE'S WASHING event KINS JAMES onePaymentdollar uponfor Handypublication.Hints Inusedthe

that two with the same idea are submitted, By Genevieve J. Van Wagenen

will earlier receive the postmarked one is the Version.., returned, dollar. be of the ideas can None die Mother Nature is so ambitious.

but each will receive careful consideration. This fact you know is right.

She often hangs her washing out.

In the middle of the night.

When frying a small steak or veal cudet, She always hangs her snowwhite sheets.

first cut off the tough skin from around the On housetops, barn and lawn,

America's Favorite edgecenter.—Mr.and the L.meatF willWeiser,not Idaho.swell up in the AndTosprinklesgreet youthemwithwiththe glisteningdawn. pearls.

it sure be Bible, your buy you frost. stiff fluffiness trees chenille of with restore the so starches and candleHEN She To W That trademark. the bears NATIONAL stiff vigorlace; doilies shake washed, of has been wick Like which

Beit is the to sure is be best the way is fine. article drytime dainty while to ously and from time so Designed so airy, has National Version. loved James King

ing. dry, grace. with brush to silent completely world This When authorized the King James published

1 T., River, N. Hood 80 Version years. exclusively for over whiskbroom.—Miss

Oregon. OASIS

To move heavy furniture that doesn't have By Thelma Ireland casters, on a floor that has neither carpets is desert the farmyard a floor legs rugs, the with the around wet nor rural scene. a spring, a will leave By on ON not marks soapsuds. This nationalnanoaai bibles

plateau dusty and K., either. brown City, So the floor the D. Oklahoma SINCE 1863.;; AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

Oklahoma. Wears a pinafore of green.

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CoofeCornei

Josephine B. Nichols

WAYS TO MAKE THE RATIONS REACH

Too Little Batter?

To one pound softened butter beat in one tall can of evaporated milk. This will yield

two pounds of spread. (Do not use in baking.)

Stretch the Meat?

Combine meats with vegetables, macaroni, noodles, and spaghetti in casserole dishes;

also use poultry, fish, eggs, cheese, and legumes.

Save On Sugar?

Use syrup, honey, or molasses as part of the sweetening agent in baking.

Baked Halibut with Spanish Sauce 2 lbs. halibut

Spanish Sauce 1 can condensed tomato soup 1 small onion chopped 4 tablespoons chopped green pepper

Place halibut in greased baking dish. Mix

tomato soup with chopped green pepper and onion, and pour over fish. Bake for one hour

in oven at 375* F.

Lima Beans in Creamy Cheese Sauce 4 tablespoons margarine 4 tablespoons flour 2\/2 cups milk 1 teaspoon salt pepper 1 cup grated cheese 4 cups dried lima beans, cooked \]/2 cups celery, cooked aT never pays to "send a boy on a man's errand,"nor to waste

Melt fat in top of double boiler, blend in manpower and let work lag for lack of eager power from your flour; add milk and cook until sauce is thick. tractor. The Case "VAC"has full 2-row capacity for fast cultiAdd seasonings and cook for ten minutes. vating, pulls two 12 or 14inch plow bottoms in average soils, a

until is melted. cheese cook cheese andAdd

celery. 16 or 18inch plow in tougher conditions. It Is available either beans, lima cooked andAdd drained,

Pour into individual or one large casserole. in the "tricycle"type or with adjustable front axle, as shown

Bake at 350 F. for fifteen minutes. above, also as a standard 4-wheeler.

fit every acreage and crop system Case allpurpose tractors Spring Spinach Salad To are built in three sizes. For each there are many powercontrolled 1 pound fresh spinach shredded

1 mediumsized cucumber, sliced implements, in both mounted and pullbehind types, including 54 cup diced celery standard and narrowrow planters and cultivators, mowers, 8 sliced radishes twoway plows and other tillage tools. Case beet planters are

1 green onion, sliced known for their simplicity and for the high percentage of singles 2 tomatoes cultivators that beet they drop. Case and lifters are featured dressing French cup x/i ease clearance of control. and by extra

all vegetables in salad bowl except Put tomatoes. Pour French dressing over and As you look forward to the long pull ahead, remember the

toss until well mixed. Garnish with tomato ENDURANCE for which Case tractors are famous. It means

wedges. long years of good work with but little expense for upkeep.

Golden Corn Bread J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

1 cup flour 1 teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons baking powder See your Case dealer for 2 tablespoons sugar full information on any need, you may yellow corn meal machines cup % of delivand the chances 2 beaten eggs, 1 cup milk ery. Let him help plan your

for and machinery power 54 cup melted shortening CASE the farm pracadvanced

Sift flour, measure, and sift again with tices. Use his service to

the salt, baking powder, and sugar. Add keep present equipment in

corn meal. Combine eggs, milk, and shortenfirst-class shape. Always

ing and add to dry ingredients. Beat until place your orders early for

smooth. Bake in a greased nineinch square renewal parts and service.

pan of muffin tins in oven at 400 F. for

Twenty -five minutes.

{Concluded on page 206) APRIL 1945 205 (Concluded from page 205) Peach Cup Custard % cup sweetened condensed milk 234 cups hot water 3 eggs, slightly beaten Yl teaspoon salt 1 No. 2 can peaches, drained or

1 quart bottled peaches, drained nutmeg Mix condensed milk and hot water. Pour

gradually over eggs. Add salt. Place drained

peaches in a greased twoquart baking dish.

Add the milk mixture and sprinkle with nut- "Aluminum Protection"meg. Place in a pan of hot water and bake

FOR YOUR ROOF Ain aknifeslow bladeoven atinserted325 F.willfor comeabout outone hour.clean

when custard is done. It may be baked in

Wu& Jm B% m m m individual custard cups.

Honey Cookies shortening 1 cup cup honey ALUMISHIELD \ x/2 3 eggs, beaten ROOF! 4 cups flour

Heavy, finestquality roll roofing plus Y2 teaspoon soda an aluminum surface that gives extra 1 teaspoon baking powder protection and longer life... reflects Yi1 teaspoonteaspoon vanillasalt

rays, heat keeping building interiors nuts chopped 1 cup a freshness that flavor adds The 15 cooler. shortening. up to and honey Add beaten Cream to sandcold meats, to to salads,

sifted dry ingredients. eggs. Add Add

vanilla and chopped nuts. Mix thoroughly. wiches. The only flavor of its kind.

cookie spoonfuls greased onto by Drop VALLEY NALLEY FROM for fifteen sheet. in 350 F. oven Bake Cheaper to FLAVORS GROW minWHERE GOOD

utes. Makes about six dozen cookies. REPAIR ROOFS

NOW WITH On the Bookrack {Concluded [row. page 176)

A FITTING HABITATION PABCO (Agnes Rothery. Dodd, Mead and Co.,

New York. 1944. 244 pages. $2.75.)

is for the antidote boredom book for ROOFS NEED This in a has lived home everyone who safeMLLEYS;

rollicking includes everyone. The which

"Sunburn Lotion"good time this couple had from their one- 'TOO! theirroom variouswithout domicilescooking willprivilegesserve tothroughmake

anyone like his own home, no matter what it is or where it is. And it will make more

adventuresome the entire business of living, even when one has to live on the proverbial shoestring.

The real joy for the author and reader comes, however, when at last she has a Soaks clothes WHITER home of her own, built after her own and her husband's designing, and into which their treasures they which could bring PABCO they thrifty their buying from had gathered ROOF COATING they traveled. as

feel the of belonging earth of and The to Leaves no rings on is is this in The hot summer sun dries out asthe earth good tonic and book phalt roofs, just as it does the hufor all people in these days of upheaval as dishpan or washtub

C. /. man skin. Keep your roofs from well as during days of calm.—M.

cracking and leaking by applying ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN (George and Helen Papashvily. Harper and

this protective "lotion"Bros., New York. 1945. 202 pages. $2.00.)

...PABCO Roof Coating. Delightfully refreshing and heart

will pleasure bring warming, this volume to the reader. Keeps baby things considerable thought and

Picturesque phrases constantly bring the Look iri the reader a full consciousness of the drabness immaculate > "Yellowfor yourPqges;local wasof hislikeowna clockconversation;with no tickfor ininstance,it,"or "."He.. LOTS OF PABCO dealer. watchcarpet Americafrom heaven'sunroll bestout weaving,"before us like",. a. SUDS TH E PARAFFIN E COM,EVEN IN PAN | ES I N: C..;. likeSuchhoneyrich voicespouringtheyouthave,from thosea silvercoloreds,pitch19, CALIFORNIA. SAN FRANCISCO

Makers, also, of Pa bco linoleums, Mastipave er."

HeavyDuty "Flooring Even though the authors treat the everyday life about the reader, they invest it with such romance that all will find greater satisfaction from life. M. C. /.

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '.;--":- >. "">;

SYMBOL OF SERVICE t fit AMERICAN FARMER

INTERNATIONAL

HARVESTER

FARMALL -the Key) to Farm Production) America's farmers have been able to astound the world because they are mechanized. They have harnessed machines to carry them through the seasons

—seedtime to harvesttime—and harvesttime back

to seedtime. Power farming has become an integral

Sjaiiif* part of the nation's mechanized might.

.Farm mechanization has long been in the making. Twentyone years ago International Harvester

accelerated the advance with the introduction of the Farmall Tractor... the first allpurpose tractor

adaptable to all kinds of farming. It brought the

economy and efficiency of power farming to small farms as well as large. With it came equipment

developed from the ground up to do specific jobs.

Farmall came to mean a system of farming... the

Farmall System.

Farmall was first. Farmall is first today. The vast

majority of farmers who farm with power rely on the

P*-*-* Farmall System. Look to Farmall for leadership in

the great powerfarming developments to come.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY, 180 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago 1,111.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER R BONDS CutWriteandforSellHarvester'sYour PulpwoodNew, Freeand GardenSawlogs—forBook War

AND KEEP THEM!

APRIL, 1945 207 of the <=J-Je5ed

By F. R. HULET

yewmnesi hot wind burned his face. His The little horse on which he sat was Thelittle cow pony kicked puffs of gray his friend, his partner. Who could ask

dust from the desert trail. Stopfor more in a friend than the mighty

ping on a rise he looked around him. heart, unquenchable spirit, and honest

He drew a deep breath of the clean, dry, service which was his for a word or a desert air. touch of the rein or spur.

vast, this wild to out heart went His longing the painful remembered He land his the home; This waste. was felt at camp. he he when was away

reared. born he and He that was where it in of there knew more much was HeFULLERGLO hillside; every barren rocky, every loved in for store His ahead. the him months AVERAGE PAINT COST big tumblethe thirsty sagebrush; dusty, to heart bursting thankfulness with was

the lazily across that tumbled weeds God for against a bush they desert until lodged great country. 00 or a fence where they piled themselves the privilege of knowing this

in a prickly mass; the horned lizards With a deep sigh he turned back the

that basked in the sun; the jack rabbits way he had come. In a few days he

that dashed madly from their cover would rejoin his regiment at a port of

It's fun to cook in a cheerful when frightened, but stopped inquisiembarkation. He was to fight for this

Fullerglodecorated kitchen... tively to learn the nature of the intruder land that he loved. He hoped that soon

and it's good home management, inappearingtheir lonelyoverdomainthe crestbeforeof a finallyhill. dishethe couldworldreturnfilled. to stay, his obligation to

too. For Fullerglo protects

woodwork... withstands steam

and repeated washings...

is one of the easiest of all wall clean. surfaces to keep 9 ttAPpy inpiml,, is just the thing Fullerglo

for "doing over"bathrooms, nurseries and playrooms, too.

It goes on easily and smoothly..

and it lasts, and lasts.

Your choice of eyepleas:ing,

decoratorselected colors! to"a qovd'/Pfeal

Spread Tea Garden Mixed Fruit Jelly on thin, hot French pancakes; roll and

1fmeb a, serve. This delicious jelly blends apple,

Concord grape and plum juices...

FULLER PAINT gently pressed from ripe fruits the

DEALER neat (few homekitchen way.

1 ''/ Veal Fricassee MENU Parsley Potatoes Green Salad

W. P. FULLER & GO.

Branches and Dealers throughout the West HIT* Tea GardenFrench PancakesMixed FruitwithJelly

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marianas Islands left the states a year ago and spentWEthe first six months in the Central Pacific- In April last year with five L.D.S. men

and one visitor, we organized a Sunday

School service, and I was chosen as leader.

While there, our group varied from 10 to 22 members, depending on how many were able to get in from ships off shore. Shortly after

getting established on this island, Chaplain

Ericksen visited the island, and we organized another L.D.S. group. I was again selected

as leader, and set apart for the job by Chaplain Ericksen. Our original group here was

about 23 members. In the past four months

it has grown to a regular attendance of 45 to 50. This work has been a great joy to

me and given me an additional reason for being out here. Recently we organized another L.D.S. group on this island, with

Brother Paul E. Rogers as leader. Now each

Sunday we have morning and evening services, which give more men an opportunity to attend. I'm sure you would be proud of

our men in the service if you were able to attend one of our testimony meetings. The

spirit and sincerity are wonderful.

Lt. (j.g.) Morris A. Thurston

Somewhere in India The AllisChalmers AllCrop Harnumerous permitted me long voyage shelling vester grasses with all -rubber legumes conIf have and youMY of with contacts intimate many tacts, closecutting ranch, header your have and wide the growing you on

I convinced more became officers and aboard spiral cylinder is the verbar to mission an for 1945 most urgent... is more that before Mormonism ever than

than the plan of salvation; it is a presentsave the seed from at least one cutsatile of seed -savers. It will prove

day movement whose true import one ting for reseeding or for sale. its mettle again this year on more

realizes only when he mingles with those than 100 different grains, beans, leits is critical. of seeing privilege the need waning not The had The havewho grasses. of and Every gumes owner those of conduct themselves. fruits for The acreage tide forage pasture of and is AllCrop to Harvester an urged the is superior and so live Mormonismwho for Alfalfa acreage, turned. be must well as as harvest for grain seed churches other of the methods with contrast

nearly cent has fallen example, 30 per I times that at favors his Mormonism himself neighbors. so greatly and

was thought naive because I claimed to know in three war years. The vast warthat certain standards are really being lived essential industry of converting forSee your AllisChalmers dealer

up to by the members of the Church. age into meat and milk must not be now. He may be able to help you

Lee W. Dalebout interrupted. But before there can obtain a new, used or customoperat-

be a feed harvest, there must be a ed AllCrop Harvester. If you own

Reed W. Benson of Hyrum, Utah, who seed harvest. Realizing this emerone now, schedule it immediately with

was in training for the Maritime Service gency, the U. S. D. A. has doubled your dealer for the factoryapproved

Island, Avalon, California, at Catalina sufseed goals over last year. 24 Point Inspection. Be ready to roll! and died while breakdown fered a nervous

being entrained for hospitalization.

REED W. BENSON

his trainwork during in Church Active as jK—J ALLISCHALMERSTRACTOR DIVISION - MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A. fine service especially ing he rendered

an M.I.A. group leader.

The servicemen's committee wish to express sincere appreciation to Commander E. J. Jeager, Commander Okkers, ChapALL-CROP HARVESTER lain Wahlquist, and Lieutenant Bruckner "Successor to the Binder"

for their kindness and thoughtfulness to

Reed and his family during his illness.

APRIL, 1945 209.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square {Concluded from page 195) liberal, we are not going to Our Special modern and take a hand in the habits and thinking of a child with respect to religious and spiritual matters, logic would demand his habits that don't take a hand in we Farm Deal to physical respect thinking with and or ethical or intellectual matters—let

him grow up before he decides whether school, or not he wants what to go to Brings Advantages or to eat, whether he wants not he wants to respect authority of any kind. The

fallacy is that by the time the children their enough become old to do own things, to You choosing too in such be it may late. Before a child is out of the cradle,

his character and his attitudes begin to take shape, and his future wellbeing

Service cannot in wisdom be left entirely until is for himself: able he to choose in matConvenientConven

in ters ethics, of of morals matters and * Prompt* in raiment, of matters and food or mind Products Quality spirit. The training of a child, including * Highest the shaping of sound spiritual and reDiscounts ligious convictions, can scarcely begin

vigilance too soon. and It is by early * Attractive prayerful parents that guidance Payment Re later send forth their sons and daughterscan

their homes with the comforting, To Down from assurance that the years of their youth will be a restraining and protecting influence in their lives, continually abiding with them. And in these days, when so

many are so far from home, those who Check over your requirements now—then phone, have a settled faith in a living God, and

in the accomplishment of his purposes, write or ask your local Utah Oil Refining Company are much better prepared to meet the the times, shock stress of and wherever distributor for details. they are, son, they whatever see. "My

keep thy father's commandment, and forsake not the law of thy mother: Bind

them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck. When thou

goest, it shall lead thee; when thou

sleepest, it shall keep thee; and when

thou awakest, it shall talk with thee."

(Proverbs 6:2022.)

''tiZT—February 25, 1945.

Rufus K. Hardy UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

{Continued from page 182) to teach: these are the three great

chords of might.'Rufus came under the

influence of a fine mother who understood her children... Ready now for distribution—"He was a business man, uniting the

taking adever never made, undue and THE RESTORATION spirit of his religion with every deal he entersoul business vantage of a in some

... OF ALL THINGS prise.

By Joseph Fielding Smith "It was, however, as a member of the

Masterful... timely... convincing! First Council of the Seventy that we

The author of "Signs of the Time,"saw his might and power. Appreciating

to Perfection"and other "The Way outalways his divine call, he brought to for publibooks, has released standing cation his latest series of 31 powerful and bear on his ordination a fine mind and a significant radio lectures. $1.75. postpaid. holy purpose. Both at home and abroad,

(See handy order blank on page 176.) the people of the world should hear the

word of God "I saw him last as he sat in his chair RomnnminL SOME WAY EVERY DAY * at home. The stately simplicity which

18 RICHARDS STREET had always charmed those who saw him

SALT LAKE CITY ft UTAH... TEL. 3-4795 in private, seemed more beautiful than

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Rufus K. Hardy hadphysique,a wonderfuland a wonderfulability, a endurance,wonderful

ever in the quiet evening of a winter and had it not been for that, likely he day...."would have laid down the burdens of

earlier this than he did. associate and friend, A missionary

for ourselves, mourn mourn we "Welife of anElder Jenkins, spoke Howard his family asclose of the with because life:other of his phaseJ.

all sociation with him, have had that we first "President Hardy came into my will him, miss and many and we shalllife the did into man, as a young as he lives of many former missionaries in be the time, I am sure, when in memory

Zealand, a great has and hadNew inandI shallI havego backtraveledovertogetherthe trailsin ourthatconhe this in that life untilfluence present up time.... He had been previously called versations, and I will see him with his

his his cattle with with sheep and andto the Zealand Mission as a very New in help, missionaries, hired with his and in 1897.young man

I will his civic be work, always and into "If the history of go back we things of the of did our and he proud is Breakfast delicious Cup comin a find will that 1897, Zealand weNew

I that association him. dare with say just thethe had Maories work among bination of soy beans, grains and likewill others there are do many whobarely missionaries commenced. Maori with of dash honey, a blended all all figs will his wise, love and memory, called the for been Maories amonghad

to roasted bring and rich out the all will him, under revere and came who as 1886,as far of the but back most work previous to 1 886 was done among the spell of his personality will rejoice flavor of these wholesome foods.

the Europeans.... that they know him and will be able to Nonstimulating, Breakfast Cup is

that helpful things has think he done of his early travels "In as a young man fine drink for all a the family—I I for them. not whether can do knowhe the king acquainted of with became

its flavor mellow makes it a top that."greater tribute than a him pay the king's in Zealand, peopfe andNew

favorite! it said, not but could be would More spent of he where mostWaikato

his time and where he received such an add to the good works of Brother Benovation upon his return to the islands, nion, which are many and great—nor inda

for Princess Puea upon his last return to his eternal happiness, which is asQUALITY entertained the Latterday Saint people sured. He lives in the hearts and

there at a great hui tau in honor of thoughts of thousands of missionaries AT YOUR his return. and men and women whose lives have GROCERS

bless for good. touched been God May "Rufus K. a Hardy man was who and Serve Make his to comfort give those and memoryearly gift the acquired the of Maori Like Coffee to in the will miss him days most who tolanguage that such extent an he was

able talk traditions to in the of their come. ENJOY LOMA LINDA

.fathers of it.. and gained by reason

ofthe confidence the elder the of men tribes sit in The Church Moves On QUALITY FOODS! called often to and was

page 193) {Continued from councilstheir to advise with them on the the acof Church on members The thatproblems to presented were the are the scatextension of the count... of war

Maori people. Later on when he was tered in every direction, yet we maintain

called to preside over the mission he connection with them.

was invited into the councils of the New In one of the branches, right after a bom- m

Zealand government and was a frebardment and although it was late, nine ie /l/lwe0teHt el quent guest of the secretary of the infaithful members came together, to hold a terior who had to do with the admitdivine service and to thank the Lord for

It is protection. his gracious joy indeed a missionaries totance of our ZeaNew

the old the to see out and and young comeland, the of and had to do with work in service, take divine part not shunning a there."the Church difdistances, or other long weather, bad

Long before he was called to his place ficulties which have risen on account of the in the presiding councils of the Church, Luftwaffe.

Brother Hardy had distinguished him- I can say that the good Saints have beself as a seventy, as a lover of and come still better and our testimonies much worker among boys, as a missionary, stronger because of the many happenings as a successful business executive, as a and experiences. From our brethren in the

sportsman farm operator, as a father, field we have received good and hopeful unfortunately, the news. through We havehusband, as a and man friend—and lost terror, and sisters. some brethren bomb the war gets As

in anyamong men, was at home who is ica urgently callingtougher—Amerfor the most

good company, and who walked humbly Ward Changes efficient use of her manpower.

his hiswith God. transferred has been memory Branch May be Thistle Spearheading mobilization the of hischerished, carthe the Stake. to from and be good Kolob works Palmyra our homefront Overmanpower,

Stake, Grant Portneuf been has on,ried Ward, those he and loved may whom is land putting every Greyhound disorganized, the transferred being membersin life blessed. be into the job. help can You to the Downey Ward. sticking faithfully to job your—byeffort Bishops, Presiding Elders—by eliminating all unnecessary

Stake, Elmer P. musttrips totravel.make room for those whoSamuel O. Bennion DelCarterBonitasucceedsBranch,HarryAlbertaJ. Orcutt.

{Concluded from page 183) Clifton G.TremontonM. Kerr SecondsucceedsWard,James BearWalton.River Stake,

"During the twentyseven years Salt Lake Thirtythird Ward, Bonneville Stake, L.

which he presided over the Central GarrettPrestonMyersFifthsucceedsWard, SylvesterFranklinBroadbent.Stake, Alfred J. OVERLAND

Alder succeeds R. Condie. Angus hisStates Mission, to custom it was

Gunnison Ward, Gunnison Stake, Elmer Nielsen in conference it fourvisit every times succeeds S. Sorensen. Elmo EYHOUND

Elko Stake, Humboldt Ward, H. Roy is Maughan that UNS alonea year, to and enough wear

succeeds Eugene Williams. M. Operated by constitution, castiron a he butdown Second Stake, Hyrum Levi Ward, Hyrum Ander- J. INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES son succeeds Larsen. Garnel E.stood the addiunder under up it and

Paradise Stake, Orville Ward, S. Lee Hyrum suctional press a printing which work and ceeds Ernest S. Obray.

a mission magazine required of him. He {Concluded on page 212)

APRIL, 1945 211 The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 211) Idaho Falls Sixth Ward, Idaho Falls Stake, E. W.

Stosich succeeds Anthony W. Naegle.

Dublan Ward, Juarez Stake, Edgar LeRoy Wagner succeeds Anson B. Call.

Juarez Ward, Juarez Stake, David S. Brown succeeds Ernest I. Hatch.

Basic Branch, Moapa Stake, Charles R. Welsh succeeds Benjamin Cameron.

Spanish Fork First Ward, Palmyra Stake, J. Victor

Leifson succeeds Rulon H. Nelson.

Rockland Ward, Pocatello Stake, Bernell Wrigley succeeds Virgil O. Ralphs.

Pocatello Seventh Ward, Pocatello Stake, George J.

Davis succeeds Arden D. Hale.

Dividend Branch, SantaquinTintic Stake, Lloyd A.

Penrod succeeds Carl A. Patten.

Monticello Ward, San Juan Stake, Kenneth Summers succeeds L. Frank Redd.

Koosharem Ward, Sevier Stake, J. Leland DeLange,

succeeds E. Merrill Bagley.

South Gate Ward, South Los Angeles Stake, Mervin

E. Jacobson succeeds Ivan Magnussen.

Emerson Ward, Sugarhouse Stake, G. Harold Bradley succeeds Lynn R. Fairbanks.

CLASS IN BUSINESS ENGLISH, 1945 tained.Darby Ward, Teton Stake, Paul T. Delaney susReturning Veterans—as well as high school and college graduates succeedsProvo SixthTerryWard,J. Oldroyd.Utah Stake, Frank T. Gardner

find L. D. S. training particularly interesting because of its high practical Loa Ward, Wayne Stake, Karl P. Mathis succeeds

Willardsen. Willis value.

Yellowstone Stake, Osmond S. Kent, Branch, Kilgore Start whenever you can come; progress as fast as your ability and Roberts. E. Luther succeeds

previous training will permit. Write for bulletin. Durango Branch, Young Stake, Otto S. Behrmann

succeeds Clifford H. Evensen.

L. D. 5. BUSINESS COLLEGE Excommunications

70 North Main Tel. 3-2765 Salt Lake City Maurice L. Glendenning, born February

15, 1891. Excommunicated in Eldrege

Ward, South Salt Lake Stake, on January 15, 1945.

Guy Hill Musser, born November 13, 1910. Seventy. Excommunicated in Lincoln

Ward, Granite Stake, Salt Lake City, Utah,

January 14, 1945.

Thomas Scott Marshall, born January 18, 1885. Elder. Excommunicated in East

Orange, New York, January 10, 1945.

Irene Davis Lamb Brisk, born October 6, 1900. Excommunicated February 20, 1944,

at Copperton, Bingham, Utah.

Portia Olson Beeson, born November 1, 1890. Excommunicated February 4, 1945,

at Claremont, Oakland, California.

The Southern Indian Mission (Continued from page 188) one of six who were accompanying their fathers. The historian listed all the men,

giving their ages, rank in the priesthood, and the quorum to which they belonged.

They were, in the order in which he lists

Ctvucked Bleed them:Rufus C.T. D.Allen,Brown,26; 46;IsaacIraRiddle,Hatch, 24;18;

Wm. Henefer, 30; Augustus P. Hardy,

viiimiUllllll Dickson,23; Samuel46;F.HyrumAtwood,Burgess,29; Robert17; Ben-M.

jamin Knell, 19; David Lewis, 40; Lorenzo Roundy, 34; Jacob Hamblin, 35;

Elnathan Eldridge, 42; Robert Ritchie,

for 47; Samuel Knights, 21; Thales H.WeMUSICcarry large stocks of music suitable Haskell, 20; Amos G. Thornton, 21;

Richard Robison, 23; John Lott, 28; and CHURCHES John Murdock, 27. They included one

priest, six elders, twelve seventies, and AND SCHOOLS two high priests.

for Vocal and of the edge to the very Morand west

Instrumental HOME USE Arranged Their course was to lead them south of pulled settlements. out As they By a Mormon Pioneer Family mon

SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS Serving: Private homes, chapels, all Provo, they knew that they were facing

heat buildings using specialize in S. L. D. music. Write Church leaving frontier the theWe behind them and

to available. for material suggestions and us attic save your and size, last at for of any Provo was town in Lester pianos,Dealers Steinway and TO HAVE VzDONEyour THEfuel PROUD band InsulateWE ARE talking machines, instruments, orchestra inand city that largest the the time second FALLS TEMPLE IDAHO musicians'supplies.records and mill state. It boasted a flour and two

U. S. eight CO. hotels, the rooms ROCK one having and Provo,WOOL Salt City, Logan, Lake Ogden forty other being feet long and two all cities Mississippi) of the (and westDAYNES MUSIC CO.

47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1 stories high. Here, too, were several

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The Southern Indian you con scrape rust offMission select schools, one where French and

German were taught, a night school for shovel adults, an historical society, and a singing school. Young men facing at least

two years among the Indians could not but reflect upon the advantages of society in the north.

The historian, Thomas D. Brown,

kept a careful record of all the doings of the journey, and it is through his eyes that we see most of the details. His

journal, written in black ink in a strong

Spencerian hand with hairfine lines up and heavy shadings down, especially on the titles, is a volume of two hundred fortythree pages, and shows his keen power of observation and his independence of thought. His Latin

phrases and his quotations from Shakespeare and other English authors mark him as a man with some educational background. He gives details of each

day's travel, discussing the roads, the feed and the weather, as well as the towns they passed on the way. He had

listed their outfits as:

10 wagons, 23 horses and mules, 6 cattle, 7 cows, 4,420 pounds of flour, 20 wheat, 10 corn, 18 axes, 1 saw, 20 guns, 3 pistols, 2 swords, 5 ploughs, with full ammunition and many "fixings."

Springville, through and They passed paused Fork, the. engine stop at Spanish where

bishop gave them some pork, then proclings to idle motors, gressed to Payson or Petetneti. At won't leave cylinders And \r your car's chassis

Nephi they stopped to have some wheat exposed fo rust corrosion is beginning to SOUND ground. At Fillmore, Porter Rockwell or startup wear. a little rusty, better

other interpreters Indian theand passed in for drop a grease j the to Chief oncompany Walker's way with Lubricants. RPM

ofcamp. date 25, April Under T. D.

Brown wrote:

A fine morning after leaving camp up to

Corn Creek, very wet and heavy driving.

About 20 Indians of Walker's band came and surrounded our wagons and finally crossed the road and stood ahead of them.

After many strange gestures and much loud speaking by the eldest of them, a blanket was thrown down. We all understood this

to be a demand for toll for passing over their land; we all contributed some bread

and flour and tobacco. They sat down and

seemed to enjoy the bread. We passed on

and soon some more came down the creek;

they, too, had to be satisfied.

The next day they passed a small train of goods and droves of horses owned by a Mr. Watters, a mountain trader, TAKES BETTER CARE

historian the theand commented on fact that for sale at they 75c had sugar a OF YOUR CAR pound and tea for $2.00. Chief Walker

was traveling with the train, and had given Watters an Indian boy in exchange for a horse and about three hundred dollars worth of goods. Porter

Rockwell and his group were also returning with this company, trying to LISTEN TO Standard News Time with Lowell Thomas persuade Walker to go in to Salt Lake 7M P. M. (PWT) DON LEE MUTUAL NETWORK 9:30 P. M. (MWT) INTERMOUNTAIN NETWORK

for an interview with President Young.

"The Hawk of the Mountains,"as

Chief Walker called himself, was byfar the most powerful chief of the L southern part of the state, and felt his own importance, so the Mormons {Continued on page 214) APRIL, 1945 213.:

A Vital Army (ContinuedTHE fromSOUTHERNpage 213) INDIANsigned by drawingMISSIONlots, each plot being

Job...With a courtedthe meetinghis friendship.with the trainIt mightwas responbe that numberedbeing placedandin acorrespondinghat. numbers

sible for this comment: The group set to work clearing the

Real Postwar haveI shallattendedhere tomentionprayersthatmorningthis companyand evelandweeksandof work,diggingthea historianditch. Afterreportedtwo

ning all the way, to keeping good guards that they had cleared sixtyfour acres

Future! keptout bytheirnight,powderand dry.have been united, and and,Indians,withhadthebegunhelp toofworkfifteenon friendlya canal

six feet long, wide, miles "eight and stayed the missionaries the feet entries as deep."Such This three and Sunday. **At overParowanSaturday

town, often spoken of as "Little Salt following give some idea of what this especially meant, to a man unold, labor years three only Lake"was now it. to accustomed reports to judge by the if one were but

that were sent to The Deseret News, it Many engaged this day ploughing and had made substantial improvements. sowing. I and Ira Hatch engaged grubbing

for grease land our wheat, upon wood much built, a been homes had Some adobe

I it. until axe with wrought my hands my Their completed. being tabernacle was

... blistered, bled. broke and were flour to grind by used waterwheel was

night and to run a sawmill by day. A On May 17 a horseman came to tell

new threshing machine had been them that President Young was on his freighted across the desert from Caliway to visit them, and asked them to

For Training With Pay shop,fornia,C.whileC. Pendleton'sE. E. Elmer'smachinecabinetshop, gatherThat meantwith thea buzzpeopleof atpreparation,Harmony.

in the U. S. Medical andresentedWilliamthe sumH. ofDame'slocal industry,tannery asiderepbathsclothes towashedbe taken,and mended.beards Forttrimmed,Harhad spinfarming. homes from Many old enough only had fifteen men mony Department as: and had looms, ning a few and wheels the twentyone besides arms, to bear

MEDICAL TECHNICIAN the sound of industry could be heard missionaries, while the president's party At town. the about one walked 5 consisted of "82 men, and 14 women, SURGICAL TECHNICIAN when the Septhere held on the conference traveling carriages children, in 34 and

The choice is yours. You tember 11, preceding, there had been with 95 horses."Truly the visit was

may select any one of 9 reported 455 people in the settlement an occasion for the people on the

Western Hospitals as your at Parowan, and of the town T. D. frontier.

station. No previous trainBrown comments: At early candlelight they all gathered

fort, of the center the in meeting for a I the most witnessed In have Parowan ing is Army necessary—the lighted. cleanlifeeling, cedar of a bonfire where order, was union, good peace, will train you!

the road. circle logs >c, ness, in sat anywhere on people a or I have on The

HELP OUR WOUNDED Certainly the Saints of this little planks, the visitors, the settlers, the misself- Indians, sionaries, the friendly and donations in their most liberal SOLDIERS NOW! townwere

shirts. in their conscious unaccustomed eggs, butter, giving to the missionaries,

Apply today at corn, wheat, potatoes, and fresh vegeThe visiting brethren spoke of the im434 Federal Bldg. tables, all of which were carefully listed portance of this mission, exhorting the

Salt Lake City by the historian. people to do their duty and promising

Beyond Parowan, a day's travel, was them that the day would come when state the of southern part would be the coal of center and the City, the GOOD SOLDIERS.. Cedar

tail. the Parley P. the not head and Iron "Deseret the industry, iron where

Company"was then working to proPratt was explicit in his counsel duce iron. At this town was gathered Give them shirts, pants, and petticoats.

one of the most heterogeneous groups of Say not only "be ye fed and clothed."LanWACWOMEN'S ARMY CORPt the state, for the 795 people reported guage neither feeds their stomachs nor covtheir nor convince ers nakedness, can words fall before, there the at their conference Special This War Message clothe, friendship. Feed, of and your them ScotEngland, Wales, from were many will in them, instruct they a year and more Is Gladly Contributed districts of coal the mining land, and.. outlay. for repay your. Teach than you

by Pennsylvania. So confident were they them habits of cleanliness and industry "and

that it would be only a matter of months many generations shall not pass away until before they would be producing large they shall become a white and delightsome quantities of pig iron, that some of the people."Win their hearts, their affections;

Saints had taken the tires from their teach them, baptize them, wash, cleanse,

I clean clothe them. should have always to and used to melted and be wagons down

I clothe every garments ready one and machinery. they were the build Now

... wrestling, baptize. jumpshould This

use of their wagons, and the without sets their in presence ing gamboling and were beginning to realize that they must them a bad example, of idleness. Get their

not depend entirely upon the mines for good will by manifesting yours....

a living, but must produce their own food. President Young followed the same

theme in his talk, reported in some de- ""Phe missionaries did not stop here tail in the Journal. A brief excerpt will

long, but went on to their destinaserve to show its general tone.

tion, Harmony, the last settlement tobuild nice farm, to to sent are not You they arrived south, on the where ward fields, to fine help not fence and houses first to asbusiness Their was May 2. their red to ones. Learn but white men, save

sure themselves food for the next sealanguage, and this you can do more effecson, so they selected a site, surveyed it, tively by living among them as well as by and divided it into twoacre plots, one writing out a list of words. Go with them

for each missionary. These were aswhere they go. Live with them, and when

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Southern Indilan Thewhere,snowandhadsomeconsiderablehair fromcrimsonthe lion.on intohad killedthe shelterthe deerof thoseand wastrees.dragging it

Mission it.whereNearthethefightlowerhadendbeen,of theI couldclearing,see A bout twenty feet above the point

they rest, let them live with you; feed them, where something had been dragged where the aspens started I stopped,

clothe them, and teach them as you can, and through the snow towards those aspen for I was at a loss to account for the being thus with them all the time, you will trees. Blood was everywhere. I foltwo trails I saw, both blood soaked, one

soon be able to teach them in their own lanlowed the trail, for I was sure the lion [Concluded on page 216) guage. They are our brethren; we must

seek after them, commit their language, get their understanding and when they go off in parties you go with them.

The president helped the group to lay out a new fort, and gave full instructions for its erection. After he had

gone, the missionaries set about preparing to visit the Indian tribes to the south.

They must first complete their ditch and get their crops planted, both of which were difficult, for the new ditch had sandy banks that washed away, too steep a grade in some places, and a gravelly, porous bed that lost all the water in others. They appointed a

watermaster to keep constant vigilance on the ditch and finally made arrangements to go on what they considered their real mission-—a visit to the tribes

who had never seen missionaries before.

( To be continued)

That SevenUp Cow (Continued from page 191) from me. She was shaking her head and

pawing up the snow. As I rode around

her, I noticed where something had been running in the snow just above where she was. Fifteen or twenty feet

farther up something else had been running. I investigated. The upper had

been a mountain lion—the lower, a

three, fresh. or two, tracksdeer. were The time—repeated HAYING

is all four times farm work when cattle those started back and I rode for fastwork- dependable, rushing—calls trail stopped. then the and Longdown ing, laborsaving Deere equipment. John

I lion. kill a Here to was wantedhad

powerdriven Mowers—both I and followed chance, so rode backmy

fast, as the famous Johnhorsedrawn—areDeere not hundred over tracks onethose yards andcleancutting, lightdraft dependmowers,

and came to a place in the snow, about able under all haying conditions. The No. 5

ten yards across, where the lion had Power Mower, shown above, is the "easy caught the deer. There was considerable on—easy off"mower built for use with any

hair on the snow and a few spots of tractor having a power takeoff.

blood. Evidently those cattle had been Matching John Deere Mowers in perwatching the fight when I rode up. Deer formance is a full line of John Deere haytracks cut around the hill with the tracks handling equipment: John Deere Sideof the lion just above them. Delivery Rakes with curved teeth, floating

There was a cove not far away that cylinder,gears, combinclinedthe ground,frame,rakingand allenclosedthe hay liveryThe RakeJohn Deerehas everySideDe-feafor the next place fluffing a likely be light, it into airywould fight and windrows for formance.ture you want for best percuring. proper tree, for Deere horse Loaders to a I knewso I tied handle John my

the feed windrow value more his let shoot not from wouldhe me the becausegently—put gentle rack on handling saves accuracy, slowly walked with andback

the real feeding value the of leaves—the for trail ready the with gunalong my crop. Deere John and Presses—stationary that up. Cautiousanything might show pickup the big capacity and types—have into I overly looked up and sneaked staying ability the this to step keep hayof

that cove. The canyon headed just ing up to schedule—making firmlypacked,

above me in a thick grove of pines. neat bales that feed out with less waste; that

Where the tracks went over, there was command best prices on the market.

an opening below the pines and above A thorough study of John Deere Haying equipment before started, will buy you repay in ij.yv::.,. aspens thethe point you where illiiilfffate time, money, and labor saving at haytime. long where yards hundred oneabout John Deere Integral See your Deere dealer for John denow Sweep hustle Rakes the underbrush. small onlythere was pendable hay haying or press. to stack equipment.

Here there had apparently been a terrible battle, for the snow was all torn up in a rough circle about sixty yards across. Not another sign of the lion or

cautiously as I I see couldthe deer everyJohn Deere, M>iine,mmots hair Deer down. waswalked

APRIL, 1945 215 THAT SEVENUP COW ( Concluded from page 215) and followed like a pup while the others going down on each side of that grove followed her.

of trees. I did not know which to folIt was after dark when we arrived.

low. For a few moments I stood there The blizzard still raged. I had been

trying to decide and then there was a thinking about those cattle being withmighty roar above me. I looked up and out feed for three days, and especially

saw a blizzard hit those pines. Before I about that sevenup cow, for she was

could move, the falling snow, and that getting old and had wasted a lot of on the ground, was being whirled energy when the lion went by, a lot around so I could not see ten feet in more in breaking the trail down the any direction. With one mighty blast canyon, besides she had a fat spring

all of those tracks had been completely calf by her side, so instead of going wiped out. direct to the pasture, I went to a large

Reluctantly I started for my horse. corral where we kept a number of butThat was a hard climb, up a steep hill, termilk calves. It had a large dry shed

against a strong, cold wind and the and a big feed rack full of hay in it.

blinding snow of the blizzard. I mounted I opened a side gate and rode in. Those

my horse, rode to where I had started wild cattle followed, and while some of the cattle from and headed for the them went direct to the rack of hay, the ranch. Finally the trail went through a old sevenup cow headed for the dry

thick grove of pines where the blizzard shed. She shook her head rather defiantwas not so bad. There I stopped and ly at me as she walked by, too tired to

gave my hoxse a feed of oats; I always fight.

carried one on such trips, for I well Really I felt as if I had lost a longknew his day's work was not yet over. time friend when I found her dead the

Not a sign of the trail I had made next morning. She had been game to the

going up, or the one the cattle had made last. I thought of the early settlers of

going down, was visible. At the mouth Utah and how she was like them, for it

of the I caught canyon catwith the up often been had by wear them—better

tle, and as I rode the around out. rust them old out than She surely had worn

sevenup cow fell in behind my horse out.

WAR LET THEM GROW UP ON THE BIBLECORRESPONDENT! {Concluded from page 192) Bible. After all, it is what the Bible

they formerly did. Certainly there does to one that counts. But here again

The magic title of the world's should be provision made somewhere one of the things learned in physics, best news reporters assigned Biblefor Sundayaloud. School children to read the whichcupy thesayssamethatplacetwo thingsat the cannotsame time,octo the world's biggest news One of my students wrote: is applicable. The mind stored with the

... all competing to place The first year I was in high school, I had wholesome will have no space left for

a teacher School Sunday asked the the who unwholesome. mindwhat the And their stories in the Salt Lake of her class members morning every Sunday is set will largely determine the what Tribune! to edithe write For Tribune short a quotation the Bible. from acts be. will

this that suggested She take quotation we tors the choose only of best it pin the and home wall on near dressing is for plea acquaintanceship more Ky these all stories news from table in to our room. asked were read theWe the Bible with during one's youth. this quotation in the at morning, night before the great services: wire Assotrust the Bible the rest. Usually to do to at bed, times went other and we when we I'll

ciated Press, United Press, were in the room. the person who knows the most about

International News Service, This woman in recalling her experithe Bible, the one whom the Bible posis sesses, the Bible one has for whom the for ences enjoyed quoting of me many York Times Foreign New most. the Effectiveness done goes hand the quotations she remembered from Chicago Staff and Tribune in acquaintanceship. with hand There those days. Furthermore, she revealed

Press Service. the habit was still with her. She enjoyed are more who live unrighteous lives who

Bible, live the not do than such know quotations more more and to her This Salt Lake Tribune covadding it. in their spite of knowing store. already large of erage and world war Obviously, longer being that able the Bible can "the say no to quote livesWe

events, unique in the West, Bible, or to recall having heard it read is the worst printed book in the world."

is a measure of service found as a child, is not so important as being Rather it is among the best printed.

in only a few of the great able to live the truths set forth in the otherEvery worthwhilehelp found booksin understandingis available newspapers of America. for use with the Bible. It is printed in

DESIGN FOR GIVING large type and in small. It is printed

By Elaine V. Emans "to be read as literature,"and we can

buy and read it as "news for today."

I give but keep, would which Beauty don't to black get the have morocco We away, bindings unless them. want we We can I think, beautiful, for they twice Becomes

children, for for for youth, get them it still I give a have had whom may To adults, for old people. fill it lives in their that Place or rooms can

With singing. Whether it be new and much All the popular excuses with which

Ashine, or old and mellowed, whether such we are familiar can be answered. The

A thing as time itself that I would be Bible is readable. It is not dull. It is

I selfish with, try to see A little applicable for its truths are unitoday, it ear, another's hear through eye and And for all time. versal and

I it then longer here no keep would And

For my own pleasure: I must see it fit We may find it advisable to see that \S"Into some other life with need of it. our children do grow up on the Bible.

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PUT YOUR ARMS AROUND HIM

(Concluded from page 189) the cannon. The Union General leaps

is on! his race famous on steed—the terms.not the best of on has The boy

I the the play. horse I saw saw ire that something thedone has raised

of the teacher. The situation is so tense lathered from head to foot, nostrils exthat the teacher vehemently follows the tended, carry his gallant rider into the

boy to his home. Right or wrong, the lad fray. The men have been retreating all

pointing unsheathed day. sword Withis his standing teacher, ground. The

little that fellow the heaven, famon is entering the gateupon the to met by his disto gives horse ous command pal,boy's the dog. dog's "Towser,"Theinstructions from his master have been couraged men—"We are going back!"so well obeyed that the teacher has to The men wheeled about—turned rout

It victory. of those into one was for a tree. he triesmake to come When

of tide war. the turned the that Abattlesgreat in the situation thedown, dog takes

hand so well that the teacher confines victory was won that day.

himself to the upper limbs of the tree. You will find the bones of that wonThe boy's instructions are to the dog, derful steed preserved in a New York

his rider? was Who SAN FRANCISCO Who"Watch him, Towser!"museum.

into victory? turned defeat was it that

tries to call off the dog. "Pa""Ma"felthat fellow loved by his

in.joins All the try to neighbors undaunted courage call Wholows forwashis whose

off the animal, but it is a one man's dog, words, "Boys, we're going back,"and as the faithful animal hears his inelectrified them? It was General Phil

structions, him, "Watch in boy the backwoods SALT LAKE CITY Towser!"—the Sheridan—the tree.teacher stays in the the to stand audacity school who had

The boy thinks he is right, and all the off the whole neighborhood. Yes, with

powers of persuasion of family and his teeth set, he had the audacity to neighbors won't call off the dog. We instruct his dogpal, "Watch him,

didn't say the boy was right, but there Towser!"

in something the unusual burningwas the not our Back to text, "Judge DENVER longboy's told him that as bosom that dishis brain."of workings When you

as he thought himself right, he was gocount him for an apparent flaw in his ing to stay with his convictions no matmake-up, don't you dare crumble to the ter what pressure was brought to bear. earth that quality so much in demand

Furthermore, we didn't say the teachthese days and in every age courage!

er was wrong. Nine times out of ten a We are stressing again this sense of

let that is right. home,teacher trying boy comes to values. All we are When OMAHA

is let him him and around us put our arms of the the couragebring out boy right or wrong—to stand by his guns. feel there is a place in the Church and in

our hearts for him. Yes, and let's empha-

"NTow, will you please shift gears with size this—that much more glory and

me for just a moment? It is one of credit goes to the boy that remembers the

those big battles of the Civil War. It is standards of his father and mother and

in the Shenandoah Valley—that valley the Church. Yes, he faced death, toowhere General Early took such big tolls and he did not faint and yield. And he CHICAGO

from the North. Over the distant hills has battles back of him that we won't

twenty miles away comes the boom of have to fight.

A MORMON WIFE (Continued from page 185) and Joseph L. Rawlins, a graduate in

University, Arbor from who law Ann in that 1869, when, wonderCmall to representative later Utah's became* arrival his in after eight years Utah, in also one term served Congress and for the Univerpresident augmenteda sity of Deseret was being sought by the the United States Senate.

chancellor and board of regents, John Says Levi Edgar Young chosen. Imbe theR. Park should man he the times of in which study A careful

little his school he leftmediately Park, Doctor in lived and the was made by

Draper to take up his new duties. university courses were adapted to the needs

Dr. Park had one impelling ideal and of the people. He never forgot that educathat was the establishment of a great tion is for the spiritualizing of the race, and

University of Utah. From the first it not primarily for the mere purpose of solving

was not difficult for him to get scholars the material problems of life. Mere facts

constitute but knowledge, did not him in with his associates because asand leaders facts to the underas the were only means isolatedthat people were not day the truth. great of standing "Truth some

from the university nor the university only good,"he said, "as it causes man tois from the people. Not only the students, find eternal happiness and faith in life and

but the professors and instructors, as God."

well as the board of regents, took active... The interesting thing about Doctor

part in public affairs. Park was his passionate love for humanity,

his faith in of the mind the power human faculty such were men as and On his... *7/ie ScetUeTZotOe j4cn*4* sfmetfca truths big of study. to grasp as a result Pratt, in England bothOrson known

and America as a mathematician of rare Into this atmosphere of inspirational attainment; William Riess, one of the teaching in 1 873 came Augusta Winters WESTERN PACIFIC

of study a carefulfirst men to make the sit at eager to the—young, intelligent,

in mineral depositsgeological Utah; and (Continued 218) on page t* etwzJT rZfaL?w

APRIL, 1945 217

A Mormon Wife To Control Ground Squirrels (Continued from page 217) you can make the job easy—use thatfeet ofhis thisexceptionalgreat manmindand andabsorbunderall

says, again, teacher she time and time CARBON BISULPHIDE standing heart had to give. He was her being "a great him as and she remembers

with a man and such a gentleman—always so

DEMON RODENT GUN gainedconsideratemore offromeveryone'sDr. Park feelings.than fromI

any other man I ever studied with and

Atomize this powerful toxic chemical into the burrows. feel that I owe him an undying debt of

The most modern and efficient method of annihilation; gratitude."

it is positive. Augusta chose the preparatory

course, one of four that were given at

Send for our FREE illustrated Circular 209P and get that time. In this course, which was to

an early start on your Rodent Control Program. prepare her to teach, Augusta imbibed

at the fountain of learning such doctrines as these from the kindly doctor:

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER The duty of the teacher is not to carry his

Division of Stauffer Chemical Company students, but to teach them to carry themv636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 selves. If they would be strong intellectually

and physically, they must think and act for themselves....

Analyzing the true method of imparting knowledge he said:

It takes a peculiar man to be the right sort of teacher. His mind should be a fountain and not a reservoir, so that his knowledge and illustrations will gush up of themselves, and not have to be drawn as by a

windlass. He should be a man of ingenuity

and tact, of various resources and expedients, and not a helpless creature of custom, plodDistributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches dingpath, onlikedaya horseafterindaya barkin themill.sameHisbeatenheart

should be young in all its pulsations, though his head be as bald as that of the prophet

Elisha. His mental storehouse should be

filled with the fruits of various and extensive reading, so that he need not be compelled illustrations his for the recitato draw tion the tales of his room, from grandmother, the old from textbooks he studied years 1 When You norago, nor alone from the examples and methThink of ods of his own former teacher. When it was Augusta's turn to teach,

she did not try to copy exactly the docSalt Lake City tor's methods because he had taught the nM normal students that think of the Hotel Temple... while the teacher should ever be

Square, Salt Lake's newwatchful of others, he should never seek to est and most sensibly attain results in precisely the same way that priced hotel. But to he has seen them secured by others. A disavoid disappointment positioninto the tohabitimitateof actingin this withoutway, leadsthinkinghim

(ours and yours) please which gravitates at last into a way of teachmake your reservations ing that is fixed and mechanical—a way

in advance of your trip. that to all intents is worse than useless for

There's a friendly welit not only fails to reach the purpose of all come awaiting you alteaching,discouragingbut isto monotonous,teacher and wearisomepupil. and

ways at In his own teaching Dr. Park made

"thoroughness"his watchword. The

Hotel trV Dot**6, c* JDressesfish, illustratedsubject beingoverstudiedand overwasuntilexplainedeach stuor fcbeesedishesoo dent was familiar with it, and when it came examination time, rigid tests wereTemple Square given.

Salt Lake City "Prom an entry in her journal after mid- * term examination in her last year at school Augusta makes it plain that

ELABBtfKHraSf FAMOUS thosefar fromearlydayeasy to collegemaster: courses"Januarywere12, ffiar

1 877. Well, final examinations are over

truly and if thankful I ever for anywas it DRESStm thing is that past. they are I really

A Mormon Wife THIRTY PIECES OF SILVER 181) {Continued page from were the Son of not guilty God, he was I never could survive the orthought

If the of blasphemy. learned priests said: who and answered "They He isdeal. '

comprised the Sanhedrin compared had 26: 65, death."guilty (Matt. 66.) of recorded: diary later the A week the teachings prophecies of and the Old the in should have Here, been what reports from Capreceived"Have my

tain Bishop's classes, 100% in everygreatest trial in all history, no evidence {Continued <on page 220} thing."For fear we might think her was presented. Jesus was not even alboastful, years later my mother put this lowed to plead truth as a defense. Infootnote on the margin of her diary: "In stead of looking into the truthfulness of

that claim God, the Son of he wasthose days a good student got 100% or his PLEASE GIVE US the charge of put blasphemy which that."tovery near into at to fill your Order* least 30 DAYS time

it for issue, Plays. that costuming not Operas he and assumed was was received this she In of year when June aio very cannot compebusy and get We therefore, the Jesus, of stood God. Son this tent necesrequest very to entitled her graduaher which marks help—Makes

sary. offense the heinous convicted $ of most disappointment.tion, recorded a she

all the in within of space known Jewry, 1st, 1877. had no"Friday, June We HILLAM S COSTUME SHOP If, fact, in moments. few a Jesus were in time the spentrecitations but today Salt City, Lake Utah not the of he God, would been Son have filled with Splendid 10 Rooms Costumes percentascertaining had and our who

If, fact, in guilty of blasphemy. Jesus I in got in examinations.passed 100% O0000000000<

all but three studies. One was history

in which I got 95%. I must say a word

about that. One day Professor Toronto

had given us a particularly hard assignment which was to name the date, place, and nationality of the first settlement in each of the first thirteen colonies of the

United States. That was thirtynine

items all in a row, and rather dry. I

was late that morning, and as I came in he was calling the roll and not one in the class had reported prepared. I had

spent a lot of time on the lesson and was prepared, but he had already marked me absent. I could have volunteered, but I

was too bashful to do that."

Mother regretted for years that she had not had the courage to speak up and earn a hundred percent. "The second

subject,"she says, "was Mental Philosophy and I got 95% in that but this was the highest any one in the class received because it is a very difficult subject and our time has been limited. The other

study was writing and the professor gave us percent of progress. I got 70

not much progress!"

Augusta went to the University of

Deseret for four regular courses during the winter and spring of 1873, the fall and winter of 1873-4; the winter of

1874-5 and the entire school year of 1876-7. At the university she became

acquainted—"Ort"Whitney,with manyafterwardsfine younganpeopleaposWells,tle in "Hebe"the Church; and C/oid ferrectiion of fitok governor the first becamewho

Utah, and his brothers, Rulon and and girls—Emily the Wells"Jun. f"Wonderful to know he cared enough to bring afterwards Eliza Slade, ElizaLyde;

Bennion; "Bud"Whitney, John Wilcandy... thrilling to discover he chose

lard Clawson, and many others. Her

closest friend was Rebecca Mantle, Glade's delicious Pink and Gold Chocolates loved and admired until her death in... always a pretty compliment to a charm1905.

There were times during that last ing girl.

year of school in 1877 when Augusta felt sad to think it was to be the end of her school days. "But I don't intend it

to be the last studying I do,"she wrote, "even if I am out of school."

This resolve she faithfully kept. After

leaving school, and while teaching herself, she took botany, penmanship,

French, and other subjects. Hill 111* I CI tut Mil UMI ctit

When mother was fiftyseven years old, and I was a student during the winter of 191314 at Columbia University, she joined one of my classes.

APRIL, 1945 219

THIRTY PIECES OF SILVER

{Concluded from page 219) a Gentile, they dared not enter, for to do

Testament with the events in the life of so would make them unclean on SaturJesus, they would have found, in fact, day, the Jewish Sabbath.

that of he would Son was the God. They therefore, In deference, to their Jewin fulfilment that of ancient have known ish scruples, Pilate from came out prophecy he was the Messiah born in palace and inquired as to the accusationthe

Bethlehem of a virgin; that he sprang brought against Jesus. This inquiry,

from the House of David; that he began though the one to be most expected,

Galilee; in that to preach performed he surprised priests the chief evidentwho

his miracles; public that he many made ly that the governor had expected would

into ass; riding entry an Jerusalem uponSo Fresh their as verdict a matter approve of

that and he should betrayed one be by further study. form without and With

his thirty for of followers of pieces Smooth So replied: they "If embarrassment he

silver, finally which thrown would be not were not a malefactor, would we field. potter's into the These and many delivered thee."So to have Good/ him up (John

the other prophecies of Testament Old 18:30.)

they would have realized had been fulfilled in the life of the Savior. Pilate, however, weak as he was, was

Instead, however, of considering the not fooled by this evasive reply. It may

merits of the case, the real issue was have been that he sensed that Jesus had not even considered. In their excess of been convicted of a crime unknown to

malignant hate, the judges abandoned the Roman law but known only to the the prisoner to the impassioned attendJews and he, therefore, replied: "If that

DURKEES havingant soldiers,blindfoldedwho spithim,uponamusedhis face,themand becordingso, taketo yourye himlaw."and[Ibid.,judge 31.)him actheir designs, in the thwarted Thus selves again again him and by smiting 'GENUINE

priests. to required a were make us, high unto demanding:. Prophesy

"* specific the charge which have would is thou Christ, he that smote ".Who

DELICIOUS OK thee?"(Matt. 26:68.)'support of Roman, not Jewish law, and

ORANGE AND With this conviction of blasphemy, so despite the fact that he had been

AVOCADO the Sanhedrin adjourned. found guilty of the Jewish crime of

SALAD Second Trial blasphemy,against him,theysaying:preferred"Wenewfoundchargesthis

FAMOUS FOODS ONE OF DURKEES forperverting nation, the fellow and trial a second Under was law Hebrew tribute to give saying Caesar, to in necessary always to inflict order is any biddingthat himself Christ King."he (Luke a penalty. therefore, Apparently, death SINCE 1857

23:2.) for establishing the of purpose a pretext of legality, the Sanhedrinists adPilate, therefore, took Jesus inside

journed to meet again in early daylight. the palace where he examined him on

Immediately at dawn Christ was the charges.

brought again before the Sanhedrin. The The first charge that he was perverthigh priest demanded: "Art thou the ing the nation was vague and indefinite SOIL Christ, tell us?"(Luke 22: 67.) and seems to have been brushed aside

The Lord replied: "If I tell you, ye quickly by Pilate.

will not believe: and if I also ask you, The second charge that he had forbidlet will go."me, nor not answer ye me tribute to give to of a den Caesar was

{Ibid., 67,6%.) sssssWAl Christ's nature. serious exposition more

". then then thou asked: "Art. was He of his doctrine, to however,. Render WO*K UK* MAGIC! H

{Ibid., the 70. Son of God?"things therefore the unto which Caesar

And he said unto them: "Ye say that are Caesar's; and unto God the things

I am,"and then, even though he had that are God's,"(Matt. 22:21) commerely repeated their charge, they pletely satisfied Pilate.

cried: "What need we any further This left for consideration the charge

ourselves witness ifcsir; for we have heard his that he claimed to be Christ, a king.: [Ibid., 70, 71.) own mouth."

And so, contrary to the most rigid Addressing"... Art thouthetheprisoner,King ofPilatethe Jews?"said:

witness principles law, that no of Jewish that (John 18:33.) against himself could testify and

no one could be convicted except upon Jesus answered: "Sayest thou this

the sworn agreed testimony of at least thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee iM twocondemnedwitnesses,himtheas wholea blasphemercouncil againand of Theme?"question(Ibid., 18:34.)of Jesus was pertinent,

pronounced the sentence of death. for if the inquiry had been prompted by rsw85* ";;"-, Since, however, Judea was then a part the Jews it was then pregnant with re- ";'of the Roman Empire, the right of a ligious meaning, and he should answer

Jewish court to inflict the death penalty that he was king of the Jews, but if the

Just moisten a cloth with SoilOff had been removed, and the sanction of inquiry were prompted by a Roman and wipe away the dirt and grime the Roman governor was therefore background, then the inquiry would be

With this amazing liquid cleaner, necessary. pregnant with political meaning and the

all is that's to there cleaning that king should not answer be he was walls Trial painted Pilate Before and woodwork. As the of Pilate answered: Jews. And dusting! easy as na I nation the Thine a and Jew? own "Am therefore, Immediately, the great by Guaranteed W W, Housekeeping Good priests chief thee delivered have unto to Sanhedrin the judgled Jesus, bound,

ment hall of Pontius Pilate. This was me: what hast thou done?"(Ibid., 35.)

early Friday morning. But since the Knowing then that the source of the

fgggggggggyggjl judgment chamber was in the house of charge was from the Jews, he answered 220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA may be explained in many ways. In A more probable explanation, howThirty Pieces of Silver the first place, Herod had no jurisdiction ever, for his silence is that Jesus probit felt that dignity the the ably of offense over beneath acwas which he was

if is this of not world: kingdom"My either interrogated the of to cused, that of the of be crime by Jewish Son of God then this world, of kingdom weremy character. of of that the Herod's or debased a charge blasphemy man Roman

fight, I should thatwould my servants his sedition. piqued, to of Christ stand did Thoroughly and not Herod have

..."(Ibid., tonot delivered the be Jews. trial sport suffering soldiers for the before of him, without made he was

36.) authority. {Concluded on page 222)

His reply that his kingdom was not of the world meant, of course, that there was no possible rivalry between him and Caesar. It was clear to the Roman

governor that he was no political insurrectionist; that he was no threat to

Roman political institutions. Pilate,

therefore, marched out of the judicial "'"mJe chambers and announced to the Jews:

*\.. I find in him no fault at all."

{Ibid., 38.)

But despite this acquittal, the Jews still would not be satisfied. Their thirst

for the blood of the Holy One had dethey a mania.veloped into Wildly,

flour tiffed enriched 2 cups stirrethshrieked: up the people, "... He teaspoon* boking powder 3

teaching throughout all Jewry, beginVi teaspoonful salt cup Durkee's Troconing from Galilee to this place."(Luke 0urk %Margarine23:5.) TROCOVEGETABLE % cup milk (about)

marmalade orange Vi cup Trial Before Herod OLEOMARGARINE sift dry ingredients; Mix and At the mention of Galilee, the weak garine until well mixed; withcut ina fork,mar-

* Pontius Pilate, convinced though quickly stir in enough milk to make a delicious, Use Margie! Take a tipfrom conof of Jesus,he the innocence was

Marblended smoothly Durkee's Troco of sending the idea to Herod,ceived him It's garine. process an improved made by

the tetrarch of Galilee, who likewise that churns the pure, nutritious vegetable oils in pasteurized fresh right the with this at the Jerusalemwas in time. By

is enriched every and milk skim pound rerid ofaction himself he hoped to..units. Vitamin with A. of 9,000

sponsibility in the case; moreover,

out Turn dough. not sticky but he SPREAD COOK BAKE FRY soft flattercould thus probably Herod, who for floured board; knead a lightly into

had been his enemy. 30 seconds. Roll dough % inch thick;

Reflect on the feelings which must cutcutter.into Putroundsa teaspoonfulwith a 1%-inchof marmabiscuitnave permeated the Savior when he was PASTEURIZED lade on half of the rounds; cover with

topress edges remaining rounds;led to the before appear Herod, away SKIMADDS in a very hot a fork. Bake & with gether character in historyonly Jesus to whom minutes. Serve 15 (450)for 12 to oven TO ITS GOODNESS

is applied to MarDurkee's a personal hot with Troco piping have known epithet of contempt. On one occasion garine. Makes about 12 biscuits.

Herod had sent certain spies to Jesus to tell him that he, Herod, intended to kill him. His purpose was to drive Jesus $0M/U).*$0$WEr..$O C0UA/r#Y-F&Z$ffY/V flAVOR.

from his province. The Savior had then

replied to these spies as follows:

... Go ye, and tell that fox, Behold, I cast

out devils, and I do cures today and tomorrow, and the third day I shall be perfected. \ it 13:32.) (Luke SUMMER QUART

The epithet of a "fox"was one of the First Term: June 11 -July 20

most severe castigations in their language. Second Term: July 23August 24

The justification for this personal Courses for Teachers, Supervisors. Administrators; Seminary and Institute Instructors;

epithet can be appreciated when it is reRecreation Leaders; Social Workers; Returning Service Men and Women

called that Herod was himself the son of a father who was ten times married SEVENTH ANNUAL MUSIC FESTIVAL and had murdered many of his wives. with nationally known artists

Herod himself, inspired by a woman's blandishments,voluptuous had ordered the murder of John, the Baptist. He was LECTURES—MUSICALS—CONCERTS—RECREATION

a typical Oriental priest whose chief aim was the gratification of his passions. Expanded Program for Advanced

When Herod saw Jesus he was exDegrees in Religion ceedingly glad, for he had wanted for a long season to see him because he Distinguished Visiting Faculty hoped to have some miracles performed Outstanding Resident Faculty for him. The appearance of Jesus was

to him to be a rare Roman holiday. Send for your Summer School Catalogue

of in the language Herod, thereupon, scripture, questioned Brigham Young University Jesus in many words, but Jesus answered him nothing. PROVO, UTAH

He maintained a kingly silence, which

APRIL, 1945 221

THIRTY PIECES OF SILVER

(Concluded from page 221 his hands before the multitude, proChrist. They set him at naught and claiming: "... I am innocent of the

mocked him; then in travesty they arblood of this just person, see ye to it."

rayed him in gorgeous robes and sent Then rose that awful selfcondemnatory him again to Pilate. The royal robes cry of the covenant people: "His blood

undoubtedly were intended to convey be on us, and on our children."(Matt.

the impression that Jesus was challeng27: 24 and 25.)

ing political the authority of Caesar, to Conclusion nothing in But found he had Jesus warrant any condemnation. Jesus was then delivered into the cusSecond Appearance Before Pilate tody of the soldiers to be scourged

crucified. events and probThese had

Pilate, returned to Jesus was When all eight o'clock ably the occurred on by latter the himself found unable to escape Automatic eight in Friday. or of morning Thus

finally responsibility for deciding Iscariot the nine of time hours had Judas chief called therefore case. the He intraitorous left the Last with Supper

priests the rulers of the people and tent; dishis the eleven with Master

said: before and him COOKING ciples forth in the had wandered Garden

this as brought have me, unto one man Ye that of prayed Gethsemane, where he

I, that perverteth behold, and, people: the is an important part of able to to he might endure be what was having before you, examined found have him

soldiers the come; led to Gethbeen had this fault in things those touching no man

whereof ye accuse him: No, nor yet Herod; semane by the treacherous Judas, the

their betrayed into been had for I sent lo, nothing to him; and worthy Master you

kiss; hypocritical is the custody Better Living of by the death I will therefore him. unto done

chastise him, and release him. (Luke 23: 14Savior had been taken before the Court

16.) of Sanhedrin; had been tried and conpriests victed of the heinous crime of high most and their mob, howretried blasphemy; electrically ever,Thestill been sanction refused to the release and rehad

of the prisoner. The weak Pontius Pilate convicted; had been brought before

If you're fortunate enough knew the Savior was innocent but yet Pontius Pilate, the Roman procurator he feared to offend the multitude. He of Judea, and accused of sedition and

to have an Electric Range searched about for some compromise. treason but had been found without

you can put a whole meal He knew that at that time the crowd fault; had had a hearing at which the

was expecting the usual Passover deSavior had refused to speak before in the oven, set the controls liverance of a prisoner. There was one Herod, the tetrarch of Galilee; had had

hearing prisoner, Pilate, before second a Barabbas, had named who who—and forget it until dinner again found him guiltless, yet Pilate of under and been convicted law Roman

time! That's just one of the both murder and sedition, and Pilate was so weak that he succumbed to the

timesaving, laborsaving thought that if he should offer the crowd tyranny of the mob and ordered him the choice between the release of Jesus crucified.

features of modern electric and Barabbas, that they would surely While there are many lessons that cooking. Plan now to enitschoosechoice.Jesus.ButHetheofferedhigh prieststhe multitudeincited therecan beis derivedone thatfromhas particularthe trial ofpresentJesus,

joy it after the war. When the crowd and in the course of a short day application. Some of our wellelectric ranges are availinterval they demanded the release of intentioned but false liberal thinkers

Barabbas. Pilate, surprised, disapwould like to take this nation down an

able, buy from your dealer. pointed and angered, asked: "What alien road of concentration of power,

shall I do then with Jesus which is called like unto the great Sanhedrin, with the

Christ?""They all say unto him, Let executive branch exercising a constantjudicial the powers. governor If they acwere "And said, Why, what and Utah Power & himevil be crucified. ly increasing amount of both legislative quainted hath the history he with of done? the past,

Light Co. him"Butbe crucified."they cried the(Matt.more,27:2223.)saying, Let intheythiswoulddoctrine;know thatthereitisisnothingthe mostliberalreTo add to the perplexity of his weak actionary of all political theories and

soul, Pilate at that moment received a that its ultimate application would spell message from his wife, which read: the end of our liberties. Like unto the

"... Have nothing to do with that just case of Jesus, the executive branch of

man: for I have suffered many things the government could shape the laws to

Peter Ketterer this(Matt.day27:19.)in a dreamPilatebecausefeared ofto him."think wouldaccomplishbe noitscourtsown purposesby or in whichand thereone

what dread portent his wife's dream could be assured of a fair trial. If a

INTERIOR DECORATING might presage, but finding that the chief situation akin to a concentration of priests did not agree witn his judgment these powers, such as existed in the

PAINTING and foreseeing a tumult among the peogreat Sanhedrin, ever becomes a reality, ple if he persisted in the defense of we will have largely lost our political

PAPER HANGING Jesus, he called for water and washed free agency as men.

For complete Painting and Decorating

Service Phone or Write now and talk your WHO WERE THE DANITES?

painting plans over with us. {Continued from page 197) early member of the Church, has been a

target. favorite -$- Careful research has

Danite, chief to the Young, Brigham by shown Rockwell to have been very a 6-7S5G Telephone—DIAL the his followers, or order by whom, was decent man, took a drop who sometimes

1347 Washington St., Salt Lake City 4, Utah executed. Several honest men have thus too much, but was a most excellent scout

been stigmatized. Porter Rockwell, an and guide, and a terror to the lawless,

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WHO WERE THE DANITES?

but essentially honest and law abiding."serious doubt of or declared against the

The Church has always been on the truth of the charges.* Even in unfriendfrontier, is in the the country where in story ly books the Danite is held

after Saints,making. Latterday the doubt. in fact, 7 Charges, The only are found

martyrdom of Joseph Smith, settled in in books openly stated to be antiMor- the Utah valleys, in the very path of the mon; or by persons who appeared to

oncoming gold rush. They witnessed need the protection that such an untruth

there much of the wellknown frontier would give them.

history of the West. Rough men, many Today informed, intelligent people

of them lawless, conscienceless charknow that the Danites, if they ever exacters, came westward in search of gold isted, were not connected with the or adventure. These lawless ones Church. Truth wins out at last, though

often fell out among themselves; they sometimes the battle is severe and long.

stole and caroused, in drunken brawls; Some haters of the Church, who unor with deliberate intent, they comdoubtedly know better, try, even now,

mitted murders. Mormons, as well to perpetuate the Danite myth. A casual

as other honest people, were often examination of their screeds, though unable to protect themselves from dressed up in makebelieve historical the encroachments of these unweldress, shows their malicious intent, and come guests. Indians, not yet subthe lack of any foundation for their

dued, and careless of life, added their claims. Besides, few pay any attention

share to frontier depredations. Every to these wails, as the sales slips will

such evil act, committed in Utah and show. They who are digging up the

often beyond, was charged to the inDanite corpse are engaged in a smelly, Oven Roasted Barley and Tree Ripstigation of the Church, and to the unprofitable, dishonest enterprise. ened California Figs—Nothing Else!

Danites as Church agents. Brigham In final answer to the Danite charge

as crimes the of the committedYoung, Church, head Of the many on the was A boon to those who frontier, for western in issued fewer to order occurredsupposed an have every crime committed wherever the Utah than in any other western state. don't drink coffee. A

Saints had settled. Authors of Danite books have had much healthful drink for all

Such charges against the Church and difficulty in finding enough crimes to fill

Joseph Smith and Brigham Young, have their pages. "Boothill cemeteries,"in the family.

been shown in the face of critical historiwhich were buried men killed in unholy orgies, false. in saloons, mostly thecal analysis are not to be found Utah in

inearlier the place Utah. Saloons bestknown with nonCALIFORNIA FICGO CO. came there days was

in the West. The gold migration rolled Mormons. The Latterday Saints were Leonard H. Ballif, President

right through it. Salt Lake City was too busy building a commonwealth to go

nearly as well known as any city in the out in search for gold or adventure.

East. Nearly all the frontier crimes They had no need to steal or murder.

were committed along the trail of the That some unlawful acts were comwestward-moving flood of people. If mitted in Utah all admit; but the Church

or the nonsensical nothing Danites thatthe charge, to the with had Mordo.. OffER WE lot, increasing an a been them. population murderousmons were With had of A COMPLETE

it it istrue, origins purposes, been a and have more would many by known wonSERVICE ENGRAVING the thatthan untruthful hearts affairs der few have such more in Utah no who From Missionary Portraits to the Largest fostered usually the Danite in the myth, Catalogues. A. W. occurred.—J.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention thereby. of personal gainhope Unpre-

F. 6For example: R. Burton, City of the Saints, p.

travelersjudiced of note expressed 434. CO. UTAH ENGRAVING

example: 7For St. City,Utah Salt Lake

43, Saints, p. 659. Era, Vol. 5The Improvement 79. 9193.J. B.614.Stenhouse, Rocky Mountain 113 Regent pp.

Preferred Risks"Saving 20% on Fire Insurance!

The GENERAL Insures Preferred Risks only—Saving 2 on Fire Insurance GENERAL

Why should GOOD fire insurance risks pay for the BAD risks? That is the INSURANCE CD

question has answered. accept They better GENERAL of AMERICA ONLY the

risks. thus effected are less. Losses consistently The savings have reOFAMERICA been

"HomeOffice policyholders turned to in "Preferred the form Risk"of these dividends never This plan have been less than 20% 1 appliesdividends—andto business and

residential properties.

Is YOUR Property a Preferred Risk?

Ask Your GENERAL Agent—Today

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE OF AMERICA GENERAL SEATTIE..... Home Office; H. K.DENT, President

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bidg., Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL, 1945 223

anb Ours 3)ml?age

Dear Editors: Sure Cure

have been sitting here for the past half hour debating with Daughter: "Dad, what's the best way to make Willie stop

I myself whether I should write and pass on the thoughts that spending so much money on me whenever he takes me out?"

your magazine since I found ever mind have been on my on Dad: "Marry him."

that partic- I in article every read you had switchboard: my

ular issue, although I did not quite agree with or understand Could Be Either all I read, I did enjoy it as a whole.

has not that guy, Peebles, been away say "They Jackson: all belief, I did think that be not it would but of your I am

love?"that for perfect thirty years. How's from home in if I I thought. and poems right Your what and told you wrote

short articles really were of great help in making me feel less Jixson: "Well, you can't always tell; it sounds to me more

discontented and blue. like paralysis."

I hope to come across another of your magazines soon. Down the Scale

Sincerely, A. T. Stearns McPherson: "I hear you made money selling blood for

-<*>- transfusions."

McTavish: "Ay, I got $10 for the first pint for this lady,

Reno, Nevada and $5 for the second; but the third time there was so much

Dear Editors Scotch blood in her she just thanked me."

I I read enjoy and your maga- a Mormon am not Although Stretching the Truth? I like especially the articles very and zine very much. much

I like think of also history the poetry the the page and West. it is that the potatoes like to "I would know why Customer:

I the exceptionally Ireland are good. that Thelma poems by so that were much from I bought the you in of sack the top

like to of her see poems. more would the at the bottom?"than ones bigger

Sincerely, Grocer: "That's easily explained. This variety of potatoes

Barbara Bradley grows so fast that by the time a sackful is dug, the last ones

H- are about twice the size of the first."

Oxford, Mississippi Blessings of Affluence

Dear Editors:

his practice?"getting on in doctor son is arrived. issue the price one has just worth This Era THE that he can so money has enough made "Excellently—he"How is your I subscription. grateful of to the year's indeed and you am him."tell with is nothing there wrong a patient occasionally inspiring for authorities printing to the the of the Church most

messages given to us. I have felt the urge to write and express

my appreciation for the splendid articles. I do enjoy reading More of a Job

the Era. It has been a source of happiness to me.

May the Lord bless you in your endeavors that we may con- "Yes,"Is thatbutwifeit takesof yoursher aaslittlebeautifullongerastheseever?"days."

tinue to receive the inspired words of our leaders.

Sincerely, Must Have Aid Nard Bounds this: woman can't even make a fool out of a Remember A

cooperation. has unless she -*- man

"T HAVE read the Era Digest with interest even though it is Universal Thirst Whetter * about impossible for us in a small ward to get on the honor roll. However, we did make it two years ago, the only ward in "Some men thirst after fame, some after love, and some after

our stake, and for the past few weeks I have been trying to money."

get my people to send the Era to the boys in the service. I have "I know something they all thirst after."

three boys, one in the battlefront in France; in the last letter he "What's that?"

wrote home he said: 'I just received The Improvement Era and "Salted peanuts."

have enjoyed reading it.'That was a wonderful message to me.

To hear him say he enjoys reading the Era—that alone is An Extinct Race

worth the price of all four subscriptions that I send out to my boys and my own. I would like to tell all readers of the Era "What are diplomatic relations, Pop?"

that if they take this magazine and have a boy in the service, sit "There are no such people, my boy."

down right now and send one to your boy."Excerpts from a

letter written by George H. Shelley, bishop of the Clear Creek The Bride Shops

Ward, Carbon Stake.

Bride: "I want half a pound of mincemeat, and cut it from a

nice tender mince, please."

Done A- Purpose Professor Knew

Applying for a life insurance policy, the cowboy had just Wife (to absentminded professor): "Your hat is on the

assured the examiner that he hadn't met with any accidents in wrong way, dear."

the past two years. Professor: "How do you know which way I'm going?"

"Nothing serious has happened to you recently, then?"

the queried man. insurance Making Ends Meet

the "Well,"began cowhand, "my horse kicked me last fall and caved in two ribs, and a rattlesnake bit me on the ankle Customer: "The sausages you sent to me were meat at one

this summer."end and breadcrumbs at the other."

"Don't you call those accidents?"cried the examiner angrily. Butcher: "Quite so, madam. In these hard times it is difficult

"Accidents, heck! They did it on purpose!"to make both ends meat."

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sharp talk while shearing sheep 1

BILL: Say Jim—ever hear 'bout the feller who

courted a real plump gal? Her waist was like one of Daniel Webster's arguments BILL: Took it up with the Safeway people—

they're experts at reducing wastes.—you just couldn't get around it.

JIM: A terrible dilemma, Bill—what did he do? JIM: Bill, you're killing me! What happened?

BILL: Very sad! He forgot the Safeway method

aims to get rid of all wastes entirely. BILL: The Safeway idea is distribution without

The gal got so slim she won a Hollywood waste. They cut out the unnecessary costs

in between us and the consumers. Those contract—and so he lost her.

of the a bigger us get share JIM: Get serious,

product. for our pay Bill—what is this Safeway moneysavings consumershelp

all about? method

Sometimes producers want help in moving a surplus.

We Safeway people are glad to help whenever we can.

You may recall some of our "FarmerConsumer Campaigns"that moved large quantities of such surplus products as peaches, prunes, eggs, lamb, beef, and other farm products.

Here recently when eggs began to pile up, we went to work.—with ads, big displays in our stores, large

purchases. The egg producers tell us it helped plenty.

All surpluses are moved at a fair price to the growers... our Safenxiay customers save money... nue

make our regularprofit. Everybody benefits, every time.BILL: Fact of the matter is, Jim—this businesslike Safeway method is a real friend to the COiiiA W\KTIi?ti yV %1 THEGROCERYNEIGHBORHOODSTORE

rancher and farmer.

all third store of a Safeway Over Bill. nice you, to INVITATION: with I agree They're JIM:

like folks. to see are customers farm you We'd

... too square deal always with, when full at one why. Trade your Safeway month

they buy our lambs. grocer... and compare what you savel

THE RETURNIMPROVEMENTPOSTAGE GUARANTEEDERA

SALT; LAKE CITY i. UTAtl

open sky, and list r o Nature's teachings/'—-Bryant

'**""'-*-.i

Nature's way is one of providence—of storing

1JI [7iM iTiTPKmO ] Mil i\ afe reserve for a season of necessity.

or your for family—or

your own declining years—carry life insurance. ** *>,

&*.<&*JIM

'tim

msmmm Heber J.?rant, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah