EZRA TAFT BENSON

APRIL 1956 BUEHNER BLOCK in scores of attractive new wall patterns, colors, and textures adds beauty to the finest homes. Inside,

Buehner Block walls harmonize well with modern furniture, carpeting, and draperies. They absorb sound, are firesafe, and

stay new looking with less work; save

on interior finishing costs, too. Outside,

they resist weather extremes, require minimum maintenance, and enhance the exterior beauty of your home; cost is

among the lowest of any permanent building material. You'll find Buehner

Block walls in many of our new ward and stake houses, and schools, too.

Build better with Buehner Block

Buehner Block Co.

2800 South West Temple

and Homes with Buehner CONCRETE PRODUCTS Versatile Buehner Mo - Sai precast facing can be used to give almost any architectural effect. Its use on the

facing and grillwork on the new Los Angeles Temple is familiar to all.

Shown here is another outstanding building faced with Buehner MoSai... the new Ogden

Tabernacle. There is clean, modern, functional

beauty to this building, yet the decorative motif found in the delicate grillwork patterns and in the bas relief of the architrave was inspired by the beauties of ancient Mayan buildings.

Architect: Fred L. Markham, A. I.A.

Co. Otto Buehner &

640 Wilmington Avenue m 'mm, gMhzJML MB t

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

The cormorants, loons, auks, sea and diving ducks are able to secure sharplyfocused images in both air and water by various means. The cormorant

gets an accommodation of 4050 diopters, 2-3 times the human infant, by changing the shape of lens by the powerful sphincter muscle. The terns, however,

probably have no special ability to see in water and hence make a "blind"stab for the fish seen from the air.

Gordon L. Walls relates also that the

penguins have eyes designed only for water vision which makes them extremely nearsighted in the air.

color films, Anscochrome andNew are proving popular Ektachrome, in photography. While still having excellent color, they have three times the

speed of the old standard color films. By

special longer development, speeds comparable to the fast black and white films may be used, with some loss in quality.

Although 29 "explanations"have been advanced to account for the THEY'LL FEED widespread glaciations in the earth's history, a new "oceancontrol"theory proposed in Science by Professor Wil- A CR-R-ROWD liam Lee Stokes, head of the Department of Geology, University of Utah, has real appeal. The central idea is that the That's r-r-right! A full

cause of glacial changes is due to longterm changes in precipitation traceable pound of Butterscotty Cookies to thermal variations in the ocean.

Increased precipitation preceded the will go a long way with any formation of the ice sheets, and the frigeration followed soon after. At the clan! Wonder-r-rful

glaciation, there time was of maximum an estimated 12.5 million cubic miles

of ice of which from onehalf to twocookies, loaded with soft thirds was in the North American glaciers. Butterscotch Drops that melt

perhaps times have been manyThere in your mouth! A bar-r-rgain earth's in the history the magwhen

netic field of the earth has been reversed so that a compass would point—on sale now at all fine

southward. By a study of direction of

the magnetic field in rocks at the time food stores!

they solidified as from lava, the magnetic history is being unraveled. A

recent theory of Professor Walter M.

Elsasser of the University of Utah describes the earth's magnetic field and BUTTERSCOTTY COOKIES its historic changes by the circulation of fluid masses of molten iron which in motion produce electric currents and by PURITY magnetic fields similar to an electric

Phoenix Pocatello generator or dynamo. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt lake

APRIL 1956 209 don't let Considerations for 1956 moisture by Dr. G. Homer Durham damage

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH your home

will decision issue segregation Eisenhower's that will have save him Mr. in Illinois, these votes York, appeared in public the print by New

time this column has gone to press. Michigan, and California, without inWhether he is a candidate for reflaming the Democratic electors of South

nomination and election or not will have Carolina and its neighbors? Suppose he

been announced. This decision will be does develop this formula as the neatest

a major factor in the 1956 elections. feat of the year, can a man of StevenThere is no need to recount why. But son's acumen and integrity successfully

is importance in looking at some campaign if Republicans raise pointed PROTECT NOW there additional major factors. questions on this issue? How could anwith First, there is the matter of the Demoswers be made without further dividing

cratic nominee: what are his chances his support in his own ranks?

for election? The Democratic strength Consider then the Republican probad- decision has a remarkable opened are currently controlled by the House WATER SEAL is significant. Both the Senate and the lem: If it is true that the Supreme Court

to is the presRepublicans, the of vantage in terms Democrats. However,

...the transparent, deeppene- the presidency, this is somewhat misent Republican party in position to

advanon the for example, the capitalize trating compound that LOCKS leading;

tage? This is by no 49 Democrats who make

MOISTURE OUT, permanently. up the majority of the means clear. There may

Senate, vary in backbe no advantage.

igjj \ Historically, the ReTWS PREVENTS: ground strength all the

is the party publican George of from Sticking doors and windows way

Fourteenth party of the of Georgia to Humphrey

Moistureinduced peeling of paint Minnesota and the new Amendment, of abolition,

Seepage in concrete or plaster walls Democrat, Morse of Oreof the Freedmen's BuMildew in damp areas gon. The Georgia and *'**'reau. Since 1952 under

Rotting of leather and fabrics Alabama, voters who sent Mr. Eisenhower, it has

George and Sparkman to the US Sengained considerable minority strength

TWS PROTECT: whoate aresupportdifferentHumphreyDemocratsin fromMinnesotathose inhowever,the South.are ofThetwoRepublicanspersuasions.of Texas,There

Wood Mortar Stucco Concrete or Lehman in New York. is the socalled liberal wing that could

Plaster Linoleum Brick Stone Several issues separate such Democarry over from the 1952 Eisenhower

Tile Canvas Leather Fabrics crats. One such is overwhelming. That ranks. There are also powerful influissue was revitalized by the Supreme ences which would be upset by an allGet TWS today for protection that Court decision which declared segregaout Republican campaign aimed at

pays for itself—sold in convenient tion of the races in public schools a embarrassing the Democratic nominee

pint, quart and gallon cans. violation of the Constitution of the and harassing the party on the segregaUnited States. "Citizens'Councils"of tion issue. But the problem is not critiwhites have sprung up all over the cal in the south, so far as Republican

south. Governors and legislatures have success in November is concerned with

denounced the Supreme Court's ruling. the presidency. The Republicans have

The decision was reached by a court learned to "not count"on the south.

dominated by judges appointed by the Their problem lies in the fact that since most recent Democratic presidents, Mr. 1932 the Democrats have steadily taken

Roosevelt and Mr. Truman. A court from them the Negro voters of the

that included Mr. Justice Black of Alanorth.

bama and Mr. Justice Clark of Texas, Can the Republicans avoid a split

found the Constitution to be "coloron this issue in the north and west?

blind."Yet, it is quite likely that this Can the Negro support in the north be

decision could underwrite the election rewon? It will not be accomplished

Available Now of a Republican president in 1956, no without some inner, if quiet, travail.

At Your Local matterhe is honest,who thesober,nomineeand backedis, providedby a Thethingappealno Republicanto the Constitutioncan disavow.is someBut

York, in Illinois, and Michigan, is likely because of party. New This

issue for example, California, the same of the Democratic uniting LUMBER DEALER theuniteddifficulty organizations, nationwide, behind a sinthat openly will plague a Stevenson,

Distributed by gle nominee. Kefauver, or Harriman, will also conConsider Mr. Stevenson's chances, for cern the Republicans.

will result a scurryprobably be For years The is from Illinois. example. He MORRISONMERRILL

real or for imagined other about miing Negroes have ambitious young, the the Birmingham These Chicago. to may put north, grated The issues. many

Councils, and the the Citizens'boycotts, is important. of Illinois vote Can & CO. Negro

Building Material Distributors Stevenson develop a formula on the (Concluded on page 273) 210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

5 Little Steppingstones Da 'HOME MEMORIES GERTSCH THOMPSON

OF PRESIDENT Ages 8 to 12

Ten characterbuild- stories for chil- a in DAVID 0. McKAY ingdren are contained

compiled and Written by Llewelyn R. McKay this colorful book,

beautifully illustrated by Erla Young. Vir- o

tues such as honesty, keeping the Sabbath This new book tells the story day holy, reliability, of President McKay's early anded andotherstaughtare stressin alife—his home in Huntsville, charming way.his love for his parents and $2.00 s

other close family members.

It relates many experiences he enjoyed as a teacher of youth, as a member of the Quorum of the Twelve and the First Presidency, and finally as President of the 6.

Church. Also included in this Faith of Our

persona-l account are his "world tour diary,"along wjth personal notes and poems. $3.75 Pioneer

Fathers 2. The Temple Letters BRYANT S.

CLAUDE RICHARDS HINCKLEY

This book contains rich material that will stimulate and sustain interest in temple work. It includes utterances

from the General Authorities of the

Church, from its foundation to the present time, as well as quotations from other leaders of prominence. This outstanding anthology speaks of the power that men

This material provides a sound eduof strong faith possess, and how this "power"directs ofcation history in the temple real22 inspiring, achievements toward noble work, them...

it,the the necesreason behind and Illustrated. leaders. life experiences of earlyday Church

sity for it. It also testifies to the joy $3.00

and satisfaction derived from one's search for ancestors, and linkingthem in an unending chain back to riTTi

Father Adam. $2.75

Descret HiIII Booh Co.

,3 J. Golden Kimball CLAUDE RICHARDS 44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake Citv. Utah

This is the spirited biography of J. Golden Kimball, whose 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTempleCOMPANY

spiritual fortitude, native wit and humor made him loved Salt Lake City, Utah and honored by all who knew him. $4.00 Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money

order ( ) charge to my account for the encircled (numbered) books: 1 2 3 4 5 6

Amount enclosed $

.... "Lfit S UVB CLAUDE RICHARDS NameAddress

The author of this inspired book offers a simple stepby- City Zone State..

step way of life that will lead to attainment and happiResidents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

ness. $3.00

APRIL 1956 211

Kyfflclal Lyrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, "The Voice of the Church'WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jke C-nurcn of

sreSu.6 Lkriit

n*> VOLUME 59 NUMBER 4 r Apnl /956 of oLalieraau Jainfo

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- Editors: F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT DURHAM G. HOMER- - R. HARRIS, FRANKLINContributing NIBLEY MILTON HUNTER HUGH

- - B. B. LEE SIDNEY SPERRY CLAUDEJR. A. PALMERS. -PETERSEN General Manager: R. Manager: CURTIS ELBERT BERTHA S. REEDER Jke Lo vev F. Business Manager: SCOTT VERLAssociate

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Regional Advertising Representative: THAYER EVANS Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council

of the Twelve, whose photograph appears on our cover, was ordained an Apostle

October 7, 1943, by President Heber J.

Grant. He has been Secretary of AgriThe Editor's Page culturesince Januaryin President1953. Eisenhower's cabinet

An Easter Message—Because our Redeemer Lives

President David O. McKay 221

Church Features EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreet OFFICES

Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Your Question: The Twelve Tribes of Israel...Joseph Fielding Smith 222 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

President David O. McKay Is Honored for 50 Years of Devoted Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Service Albert L. ZobelL Jr. 224 Copyrightpublished by1956thebyMutualMutualImprovementFunds, Inc., Assoand

Los Angeles Temple Dedication Section 225232 terdayciations ofSaints.the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.Christ of SubLat-

in scription price, $2.50 advance; a year,

in $3.00 foreign subscriptions, a year, advance; There Were Jaredites—Egypt Revisited iii Hugh Nibley 244

single copy. 25c Solomon Mack and His Family—Part VII Archibald F. Bennett 246 at Entered the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

The Church Moves On 214 Melchizedek Priesthood 272 mailingUtah, as atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

Presiding Bishopric's Page 274 for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acSpecial Features ceptancebe accompaniedat the rateby of sufficientl%c a wordpostageand mustfor

delivery and return.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square.Richard L. Evans 223, 256, 264 Thirty days'Changenotice requiredof Addressfor change of

inordering change, please address. a When Ezra Taft Benson—A Living Witness for Christ Merlo J. Pusey 234 of slip recent a issue clude address from

Archaeology and the Book of Mormon—Part XI-A..Milton R. Hunter 239 themademagazine.unless the oldAddressaddresschangesas well ascannotthe newbe

one is included.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. These Times: Considerations for

Harris, Jr 209 1956, G. Homer Durham 210

Your Page and Ours 288

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Jean Jensen's Easter Planning 276 Handy Hints 280

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

110 Sutter St.

San Francisco, California S. TOWNSEND COMPANY ies, Poetry EDWARD672 Lafayette Park Place

Los Angeles 57, California As a Lamp to my Soul, Etta Mai Scott 233 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

17, N. Y. High Adventure—VI S. Dilworth Young 242 NewDAVISYork & SONS

Frontispiece, The Los Angeles TemPoetry Page.220 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt.

pie 218, 219

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What one great allseason oil guarantees you fulltime protection against both friction and corrosive wear?

CONOCO

I Super Motor Oi

THAT'S A FACT, MR. JENKINS 1

AMERICA'S FIRST DOUBLE -DUTY MOTOR

OIL IS NOW A WONDERFUL ALLSEASON OIL, TOO! THIS SINGLEGRADE

OIL IN THE CAN WITH THE GOLD BAND

GUARANTEES YOU YEARROUND PROTECTION AGAINST ENGINE WEAR!

For fulltime POWER...use

CONOCO Su&er Gasoline with

CONOCO DISCOVERY... GIVES

YOU FULLTIAAE PROTECTION AGAINST FRICTION WEAR BY PLATING A TOUGH

it's with gasoline see, the Super of Conoco tankfuls "You "After two of in old car find this high'you'll octane—thatplusgivesTCP,youthea FILM OF LUBRICANT TO great new Baxter, Mr. TCP,

performance powerrobbing that neutralizes discovery will give you improved yours driving."form on ENGINE SURFACES! deposits which and highway lead and carbon stopand-go in both

spark plugs in your engine."

"The proved power AND OILCLEANSING CONQUERS benefits of TCP* CORROSIVE WEAR BY NEUTRALIZING /. TCP boosts engine power up ENGINE ACIDS... BY HOLDING to 15%.

2. TCP gives you extra gas MOISTURE IN HARMLESS SUSPENSION

mileage. AND BY GOBBLING UP

increases 3. TCP sparkplug life PARTICLES OF DIRT AND DUST I up to 150%.

is just like an engine. 4. TCP fire time.. plugs all the TCP, your "With tuneup,

is in ignition chambers engine and surface virtually eliminated.. the greatest gasoline mile you.. drive!". giving you fulltime iW/A power every

development in 31 years! Trademark

Oil Company. owned 1956,and patentContinentalappliedOilforCompanyby Shell

APRIL 1956 213 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

9 1 Feb. 1, 2. This was "Meet Me at

January 1956 "*s Mutual"night throughout the MIA organizations of the Church.

9 j The First Presidency announced "-*- the appointment of Elder Ray

Engebretsen to succeed Axel J. Andresen

as president of the Norwegian Mission. February 1956

President Engebretsen is a native of

Norway, and this will be his third mis- 1 This is the month of the annual sion in that land. His last mission A Churchwide birthday penny apthere was in 194648, when his wife peal of the Primary organization to

and four children accompanied him. support their great work at the PriAt that time his wife, the former Zina mary Children's Hospital in Salt Lake

Rice, and their oldest son were set City.

apart as regular missionaries. At the

time of this appointment to preside in 1 A Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the

Norway he is serving as clerk of the Council of the Twelve dedicated

Seattle (Washington) Stake. Some of the chapel of the Waimea Branch,

his other Church assignments have been Hawaii Mission.

president of the Minneapolis (MinneStates sota) MisCentral Branch, North of sion; bishopric in the counselor the 11 "9 Presidentcated the Davidnew O.OgdenMcKay(Utah)dedi-

(CaliSunset San Francisco Ward, will Tabernacle, which be used by the fornia) Pasain the Stake; counselor --*V>S T R|UMPH | N TONE 'eleven stakes in the area. Ogden

of the Pasadena dena Ward bishopric Elder El L. Christiansen, AsRay the NEW CLASSIC, i stake (California) Stake, and Sunday sistant to the Council of the Twelve,

School superintendent of Sacramento dedicated the chapel of the Henefer Ideal for Church, (California) Stake. To the mission Ward, Summit (Utah) Stake.

Chapel or School theirfield thistwo timeyoungestwill children.go his wifeAlmostand

Marion G. of the Romney of 1 9 Elder concurrent the announcement with

it says: has heard Everyone who of the Council dedicated Twelve president for the Nor- a new mission just like pipe a sounds "This organ

organ!"We invite you to compare wegian Mission came the announcethe chapel of the Wichita Falls Branch,

this new Conn organ with any other ment that the Church had purchased a Dallas (Texas) Stake.

instrument on the market! You'll beautiful home in one of Oslo's finest

find incomparable its performance... its price amazingly low. residential areas to serve as mission 1 The appointment of Bishop Jesse

headquarters. 1 R. Curtis of Parley's Third Ward,

Get FREE Some 18,462 visitors were escorted Highland (Salt Lake City) Stake, as

Demonstration at through the new Los Angeles Temple, president of the SwissAustrian Mission the most visitors to come in any one was announced by the First Presidency. Daynes Music Co. NOW

PHONE EL 9-7633 day since the temple opened for public He succeeds President William F. Perviewing. That was an average for the schon. President Curtis filled a mission

persons each hour that the day of 1600 in the SwissGerman Mission some vv- 'aijiies IlllSBC temple was open. thirtyone is a former years ago. He

member of a stake high council, served 15 E. 1st SO. 9 9 President Joseph Fielding Smith for fifteen years as chairman of an 5attafreGYi/

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO'2260 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN ""of the Council of the Twelve dediAaronic Priesthood committee, and

cated the combination Long Beach served for six years as superintendent of

Fourth Ward chapel, Long Beach (Calithe Highland Park Ward YMMIA. He

fornia) stake center. has also been president of the 209th

quorum of seventy. At one time he was

Your Bookdealer now has.. 9 9 The Church music committee a member of the Granite Stake Sunday

** began the first class of a twelveSchool board. Mrs. Curtis and their

week course of study for choristers in the daughter Susan will serve this mission Gospel Salt Lake City area. with President Curtis. The family also

Merrill sustained 9 Casper W. Q Elder Ideals includes two grown sons.

of Spencer of the as president (Utah) Kimball Cache W. 1 Q Elder Selections from the

L. of the dedicated Council President Stake, succeeding Twelve Tom

Discourses of Perry. President Merrill was President the chapel of the Tucson Third and

PRESIDENT Perry's first counselor. President MerFourth wards, Southern Arizona Stake.

of E. are the Richards Elder Elder rill's counselors CounLeGrand Vaughn DAVID O. McKAY

cil chapel the Elder dedicated of the Broadbent. Twelve and Reed M. Hansen

584 Pages $4.00 Ira N. Hayward, second counselor to of the Mesa Eighth Ward, Maricopa

President Perry, was released. (Arizona) Stake.

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Available Now!

Great New Church Book A

udu prqplkte annd proudpk 1. Published by "The Instructor,"this priceless new book contains an intensely interesting

biographical sketch of each member of the First Presidency and Council of the Twelve since the Restoration of the Gospel, capsule biographies on ancient apostles, an enlightening discussion of the Articles of Faith by members of the First Presidency and Council of

Twelve, and a tribute to the Prophet Joseph Smith by each Church President. This vital

volume is a must for every LDS home. $2.50

Other Inspirational LDS Books 2. THE FATE OF THE PERSECUTORS 4. HIS MANY MANSIONS 6. TO LOVE AND CHERISH

OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH By Rulon S. Howells By Emma Marr Petersen

by N. B. Lundwall The beliefs of many Christian churches accu- A tremendously human story told by a master

A compilation of historical data on the perrately compared to LDS doctrines. Contains storyteller, revealing the absorbing drama of

sonal testimony of Joseph Smith, his martyrvaluable chart briefly comparing doctrines. a man who flaunted the sacred ties of mardom, and the fates of those who persecuted $2.25 riage. $2.00

him. $3.00 3. PAUL'S LIFE AND LETTERS 5. FOR TIME OR ETERNITY? 7. IF I WERE IN MY TEENS

By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry By Mark E. Petersen From the Improvement Era

series sparkling articles of in retrowritten A for seller reference wonderful text the Church. 1956 throughout Gospel TheA A best

spect leaders prominent by of youth. Each

Doctrine course of study. insight rare story people young of two into warm, human A in article lifetime contains a of experience and

the life of the Apostle Paul, $3.25 love, their heartaches and romance. $2.00 adventure to guide our youth. $2.00

Order by mail or thru your BOOKCRAFT April 1956 local Bookcraft dealer 1 186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books:

iMMaM'MMsMiM:

-1 2 3 4 5 6 7 for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ).

Name BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE Address

186 SOUTH MAIN * IN 7-7911 City State

APRIL 1956 215 GEORGE SAYS:

*lf Gracie

v When we found out that the Burns'home was being redecorated with FulColor, we asked George and Gracie if they'd be willing to tackle one room just to prove what a cinch this new paint is to put on. Here's their story.

SEE GEORGE and GRACIE CBS TVMONDAY NIGHTS

3 "Georgesays Gracie,touched"and uptheythosedon'tspotseven later,"show. 4 "How's"Brushesthisand forrollersa finale?"come cleansays underGeorge.the

Of course, George is very clever at covering water tap. And the whole job was done between

up for me."breakfast and lunch."

W. P. FULLER & CO. The West's leader in Paint and Glass.

// J- can it...anybodycan!

WHEN YOU USE FULLER'S AMAZING LATEX PAINT... FUL"COLOR

"I don't what without have George know would done says "Fuller colors, Grade. had gets confused he and so many me,"2 room"That inexplains,"pink. ButsaysthatGeorge,FulColor"why iswesomedid thepaint!livingIt

so easily. Anyway, I decided we'd redo the den so George could rolled on so easy, even Gracie couldn't miss—except for

have the dark brown study he always talks about."a spot here and there."

.. r

hub

mmrmismsmsm

Paint now and save!

FULCOLOR LATEX PAINT 5 were"Isn'trepainted,it pretty?"resettledsays Gracie.and relaxed"And aren'tin lesswethansmart?a day—We Now only $4*98 a gallon

and no painty smell. George is so cute. You know what he told (CUSTOM COLORS SLIGHTLY HIGHER)

the Fuller people? He told them he thought FulColor was

real George."at all Fuller Dealers...April 9-21

The Los Angeles Temple

By Day and By Night

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

—Photographs courtesy Los Angeles Examiner

Iehold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the ivay before me: and the Lord,

whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, tvhom ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the Lord of

hosts.

But who may abide the day of his coming?

and %vho shall stand when he appeareth} for he is like a refiner's fire, and like fidlers'soap:

And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver:...

Malachi 3:1-3.

* -, iaI APRIL 1956 219 'usm nlCT"

APRIL SNOW NOT FAR TO MAY SPRING MORNING

By Mabel Jones Gabbott By Ila Lewis Funderburgh By Jean Mergard

at last this icy fingers o April snow heavy Winter's now King day, uneventful a quiet, planneds I'd laid daffodils'laughter fast the land; bright the Has windswept Hold beehive routine's apart from day A are their low; songs streams quick mute, The humming,

stilled; display to the commonplace shun In which first, at softBending white the beneath filled nests gone, their birds are bare The its numbing. customary with me, About mound spilled; drifts of the clouds have snow With arbor in I strolled through luminescence my spilling broke, the goldThey upon new is winter's strong hand! Oh, hideand-seek leaves played infant Where ground.

sun; with there spring here and But immortal is of tall shoreline slain; licked forsythia the the waveletsEven Tongued

set promise a gay; Has rain, strong inSo the willowy harbor and and wind the of red, hazel brush, a hint There's on just if they'd as begun. eagerly As

of thrush, a song snatch wandering from is A graceful too spray beatenEach down scintillation its flashed redbird sudden flush; A trees faint a pink peach Gray show soon, sky; systematic Across the clean and

is It far to not May! petals bruised, while in shimmeringThe flowered to animation popped bud had A

their noon; I'd since fleeting passed the hours Within BOUQUET by.

grief, in for glory, tooVanquished sudden ever could then be no day I knew Marie Daerr And By brief; of loveliness aTheirs was bloom too

if see. to time routine I took Merely

They were too new, too beautiful to go,:ie LILAC trees had grown so tall,

against a ladder propped YouCrushed by the weight of this untimely the wall APRIL GARDEN to cut the blossoms climbed down. And snow.

I stood below, with widespread gown,

LAVISH BLOOM To catch the lilacs as they dropped By Frances S. Lovell

Beneath your shears. The rain had stopped,

By Mary Thro Rauth But every petal still was wet 4 pril rain drops diamonds

With silver, precious amulet. on the stars of lupin leaves;

Earth, be lavish with your bloom this I saw you smile and heard you say, tulips push red noses through year! "A lot of fuss for one bouquet"... dark soil where springtime weaves

Drift snow on snow, the skies of sunset (Snipping, with care, a swanwhite bloom a pattern of new green and gold spill As proud as a crusader's plume; to wear upon her sleeves.

In tulip beds! Let violets appear Salvaging from a tree's top spire

Along the roads, and wake the daffodil! Twin shafts of fragrant, purple fire.) She hangs a golden chime of bells

For we have lost the voice of Galilee on old forsythias

His words are muffled and his teachings and flings a fiery scarf of quince drowned on April's gay bazaars.

By shouts of greed, by tongues than can All underneath my feet I feel agree earth reaching toward the stars.

Only in hate. He can but lose with sound.

ADVENTURE IN APRIL So let the eye learn what the ear has lost.

His resurrection all the earth proclaim!

Let every petal put to death by frost By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee

Return to us, recall to us his name!

Let flowers us he said, remind of the words in bloom Sermon on the MountThe be It "Owhisperedfollow!"my name and breathed

read. So I did. Over field and meadow and hollow,

Brambles tearing my legs, and snapping

WASHINGTON LEAVES MOUNT Down where the brook's soft music, lapping,

VERNON Warned I was on a wild goose chase, face, for a foolish Mirroring me (April 16, 1789) STRANGE NOCTURNE hill's crest; the bright again to Up

I Beryl Stewart rest to By rock a sank There... on Robison Higbee By Alma

still cried, again, hurt voice "Are you A over, years I came once troubled he rain?"April goes the with Seeking what sky, before the evening sun he-S-* home find I I never, never would knew went And down, X fox early the morning hunt whenTo of wind. ghost the wild west mocking The jacinthian, as a gypsy's bright gay Was breeze

hills, idly VirginiaSweeps down or streams, tendBy shaded my tochestnutroam And gown,in diminishing light I saw the sweet THE YOUNG YEAR trees. Roll of meadowland, the rippling wheat,

One fall I followed Braddock's trail again, And all was known and loved, but now By Gene Romolo

Rode seven hundred miles far to the west, the night light year of opalescent a net yet young Has spread talked with immigrants, courageousAnd The things. familiar change threshold Stands Upon upon the A subtle men

Who faced new dangers with tremendous Lies on my heart; tree shapes are strange; Of futurity....

zest. The wheat field is a river to me, May God grant it shall carve

Because those men as well as people here A lonely river running to the sea, A smoother way

Want democratic laws, they will obey, Where men on barges slip between the For worldworn feet!

And forceful government they need not shores And, growing older, fear; In stealthy passage, scarcely dipping oars. May it play

I leave my home on this sweetscented day. The silence beats against the wind's soft On more harmonious

sigh, Keys of life, The time has come a weak confederation And the moon is a lotus flower in the lake Until, for man, each day

Must be transformed into a stalwart nation. of sky. Becomes a symphony!

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...C-V-i'1.: -/:::

An Easter Message,p5jf*!:'i.i4* i vj

Because Our Redeemer lives

by President David O. McKay

Easter is a sacred day, a day of thanksgiving ment writer, Paul; and (3) the practically uniand divine worship. It is an occasion for the versal belief of the early church, recorded not only

expression of gratitude to God for having in the variable accounts of the resurrection found sent his only Begotten Son into the world to be in the canonical and extracanonical Gospels, but "the way, the truth, and the life,"(John 14:6) also in its life and activity through the succeedto declare the eternal truth that, "... whosover ing centuries. This evidence rests not merely

believeth in him should not perish, but have upon historical documents but is written in the everlasting life."(Ibid., 3:16.) life of the great civilized nations during the inThat the spirit of man passes triumphantly tervening centuries.

through the portal of death into everlasting life In the very beginning of this Dispensation of is one of the glorious messages given by Christ the Fulness of Times, the fourteenyear-old i our Redeemer. To him this earthly career is but a Joseph Smith said: "I saw two Personages, whose

i day, and its closing but the setting of life's sun; brightness and glory defy all description, standing

glorious is a sleep, followed a by but air. of in unto me, the spake them above me Onei death, realm. of eternal an in the morning awakening to said, pointing name, and by me the: only their brother saw and Martha Mary When is Son. Him!'other—'Thiscalling Beloved Hear My

still Christ silent saw him tomb, in the dark and P., (P. of 2:17.) G. Smith Joseph

a living being. The fact he expressed in the two

words, "Lazarus sleepeth."(Ibid., 11:11.) Later, speaking of the reality of this vision, he

If everyone participating in Easter services testifies as follows:

knew that the crucified Christ actually rose on "... I had seen a vision; I knew it, and I

the third day from the tomb—that after having knew that God knew it, and I could not deny it,

greeted others and mingled with others in the neither dared I do it; at least I knew that by so

spirit world, his spirit did again reanimate his doing I would offend God, and come under conpierced body, and after sojourning among men demnation."(Ibid., 2:25.)

for the space of forty days, ascended a glorified Confirming the irrefutable testimony of Christ's soul to his Father, what benign peace would come early apostles, the Church of Jesus Christ proto souls now troubled with doubt and uncertainty! claims the glorious vision of the Prophet Joseph

While it is true that knowledge of individual Smith:

immortality does not depend upon the actuality of the resurrection of Jesus, yet the establishment "And now, after the many testimonies which of the fact that he arose from the grave and comhave been given of him, this is the testimony, last municated with his disciples "would furnish in of all, which we give of him: That he lives!

many ways the strongest support of that hope.""For we saw him, even on the right hand of

The direct evidence that the tomb did not God; and we heard the voice bearing record that hold Jesus is threefold: (1) the marvelous transhe is the Only Begotten of the Father—"(D & C

formation in the spirit and work of his disciples; 76:2223.)

(2) the direct testimony of the earliest New Testa- (Concluded on following page)

yCNJQ>CNGNi< &&S&& jL/C/f 1/ 1/{JI %3 JL (wLis*

APRIL 1956 221.

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) turn their eyes heavenward and know that "Christ is

In the light of such unimpeachable testimony as given risen!"

by the ancient apostles—testimony dating from a few The message of the resurrection is the most comfortyears subsequent to the event itself, in the light of that ing, the most glorious event given to man, for when

most marvelous revelation in this age of the Living death takes a loved one from us, our sorrowing hearts

Christ, it seems difficult indeed to understand how men are assuaged by the hope and the divine assurance excan still reject him, and doubt the immortality of man. pressed in the words:

is fear to There cause death; no

is risen; he is not here."(Mark 16:6.)

is life. It in birth. as as natural Whyit isshouldbut anwe incidentfear it? "He

I know that death is conqueredSome fear it because they think it is the end of life, and With all my soul life often is the dearest thing we have. Eternal life by Jesus Christ—through righteous living and obedience

is man's greatest blessing. to his teachings.

If only men would "do his will'instead of looking Because our Redeemer lives, so shall we! I am thankhopelessly at the dark and gloomy tomb, they would ful that I know that Christ is my Redeemer.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Twelve Tribes of Israel

"We would like to be put straight on the Chapter 48, verse 5, as follows: "And now thy two sons,

twelve tribes of Israel. We have been Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born unto thee in

discussing them in our class, and it seems that we have the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, several conflicting opinions. We know that Jacob had are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine."

twelve sons, but in a book with the title 'God Planted a A careful reading will show the true meaning to be

Tree,'we find recorded the statement that Ephraim and that they should be sons of Jacob just the same as

Manasseh, sons of Joseph, took the places of Reuben and Reuben and Simeon were, not that they were to replace

Simeon, and in the Sunday School lesson book, 'Life In them. Then again some confusion has come because it

Ancient America,'it also states that Ephraim was subis recorded in I Chronicles 5:1, that while Reuben was

stituted for Reuben as one of the tribes in -Israel. It the firstborn, because of his transgression the birthright

was pointed out that in the Old Testament, Reuben and was given unto the sons of Joseph. The matter of birthSimeon are named as tribes and that they received inright, however, did not have anything to do with a place

heritances when the land of Canaan was divided. How among the tribes of Israel, and Ephraim was not subdid Ephraim and Manasseh become tribes and still there stituted as a tribe for Reuben.

were only twelve? When Israel came out of Egypt under the guidance

"Another question: which tribes formed the kingdom of Moses, the Lord prepared to make of the twelve tribes

of Israel and which the kingdom of Judah, when the a royal priesthood and honor them by choosing from tribes were divided?"among them faithful men to hold the Melchizedek

Priesthood. Because of their constant rebellion and murmuring, in which they had Aaron make for them a

1. The story of the tribes of Israel, their golden calf to worship when they thought that Moses

origin, inheritances, divisions, rebellions, was dead, the Lord's anger was kindled against them.

and final loss of their inheritances, is clearly recorded Therefore he took Moses and the Melchizedek Priesthood in the books of the Old Testament. Jacob, whom the from them and left them with another authority or

Lord named Israel, had twelve sons, namely: Reuben, priesthood, which he bestowed upon Aaron and his sons,

1 to be the priestsSimeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Zebulun, Joseph, Benjaand chosen men of the tribe of Levi, min, Gad, Asher, Dan, and Naphtali. Each became the and ministers for all the tribes of Israel. According to

ancestor of a tribe in Israel and received patriarchal this calling Aaron and the tribe of Levi, to which Aaron blessings as such when Jacob went down into Egypt. belonged, obtained this great honor, and henceforth the

He also blessed the two sons of Joseph, Manasseh and Levites were not numbered as one of the tribes, for the

Ephraim, and adopted them as his own sons, and they Lord said he would scatter them through all of the tribes were blessed as founders of tribes in Israel. to be their ministers and their priests. Therefore he

The idea that these two sons of Joseph replaced commanded Moses as follows:

Reuben and Simeon springs from the words of Jacob Sec D & C 84:2327.

when he chose them for adoption, as recorded in Genesis (Concluded on following page) 222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "But the Levites after the tribe of their fathers were they shall wait on their priest's office: and the stranger

not numbered among them. that cometh nigh shall be put to death."5

"For the Lord has spoken unto Moses, saying, We discover that it was Levi and Joseph who were "Only thou shalt not number the tribe of Levi, neither not numbered as tribes in Israel. Joseph received a

take the sum of them among the children of Israel:"2 double portion through his sons, each inheriting through

their adoption by their grandfather, and Levi's de- "And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among scendants becoming the ministers to all the other tribes the children of Israel instead of all the first born that of Israel.

openeth the matrix among the children of Israel: there- 2. After the death of Solomon, his son Rehoboam

fore the Levites shall be mine; ascended the throne of Israel. Then there came to him

"Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day representatives from the tribes under the leadership

that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I halof Jereboam, requesting that the heavy taxes which lowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and had been levied by Solomon be reduced. This King

beast: mine they shall be: I am the Lord."3 Rehoboam refused to do, and in his reply to this petiSo the tribes of Israel lost the glorious privilege of tion he spoke roughly and said: "My father made your

holding and officiating in the Melchizedek Priesthood, yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also

and in his anger the Lord added to what he gave them, chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with the carnal law, which continued with Israel until the scorpions."Thereupon the complaining tribes rebelled

tribes remained as their king. Two Jereboam and set upresurrection of Jesus Christ when it was fulfilled. 1

in Jeruover to them loyal he reigned and Rehoboam,

Again it was a rebuke to the tribes of Israel when the salem. From that time forth Israel was divided into the

Lord said further to Moses: two kingdoms, Israel composed of ten tribes, and the

"And thou shalt give the Levites unto Aaron, and to kingdom of Judah, with the two tribes of Judah and his sons: they are wholly given unto him out of the chilBenjamin and such scattering of other tribes who redren of Israel. sided in the territory of the kingdom of Judah.

"And thou shalt appoint Aaron and his sons, and "Num. 3:9-10.

I Kings 12:14.

1:4749. aNumbers JuyiJCJ2mid., 3:1213.

*3 Nephi 15:3-6.

(85<2>5>SN3'3Jvrc35i>5

kJvi beteoviQinaina to a zmltu

ikNE"senseof theof belonging.very wonderfulAnd thingsone ofof thelife mostis a familieskeep close,oughtandtonotrallypullaroundpart, oneand another,always preand

wonderful things to belong to is a loyal and afserve a gathering place, and carry on traditions acfectionate family—a family who have each their and see that the next generation become own individual activities and interests but who quainted with one another—for this sense of befeel a real oneness with one another. There is longing, this "togetherness,"is a source of strength,

much that a family can do with oneness, and of comfort, of safety and security, of peace and much that without it is missed. There are so protection. And he who has it has more to live

many things to join, so many things to do, so up to, more to account for, more to keep him in many things to take our time, so many things to safe paths and high purposes. The years move

take us away, but a loving and loyal family is swiftly. The blessed years when we have our

still one of the most wonderful things in the loved ones with us are all too short, and we should world to belong to. Families differ: They differ hold in love and loyalty to those on whom we have

in their affections. They differ in their demonthe closest claims. And no matter who comes or

strativeness. They differ in their sharing of congoes, and no matter where time takes us, families

fidences and interests and activities. Families are should keep close, for a sense of belonging is one

sometimes abused, sometimes slighted, and someof the sweetest, most satisfying things in life; and

times seem to reserve the right to quarrel and there is no finer thing to belong to than a loyal criticize one another, and often take each other and affectionate family—and it will be so, alfor granted. But let some need arise, some tragedy ways and forever.

hearts and turn homeward; thoughts ness—andthreaten, some sorrow come, some loss or loneliUke Spoken lA/ora from temple square oneness families sense their and arms are opened;

and their common claims and causes. Parents, PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

of course, are the ones mostly, who keep families SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 19, 1956 close. But even after parents have left this life, Copyright 1956

APRIL 1956 223.

the [Utah], St. George same two

rebefore these conferences President David 0. McKay Is Honored for wanvisitorsandattended

turning home. Such trips meant a visit

covering two r more weeks. On the days

in the the villages along meetings way. From

exto then Panguitch Marysvale an 50 Years of Devoted Service of the week between conferences, we held was tremely long day's journey; likewise from

Panguitch to Kanab, and other distant by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. points.I will confess that I favored the holding

RESEARCH EDITOR of the Kanab conference at Orderville, for while Kanab was but twenty odd miles

April conference will comconferences, as they are today, are far refurther, it was a day's journey over the road in sand, very deep mountain and weThis of the headquarters the Church from plete five full decades of general moved half for usually stopped lunch. way and not be reached by rail, when and could

Church leadership for President the long arms of the railroads ceased to These long trips, distant from the railDavid O. McKay. For fifty years the reach our destination, travel had to be conroad, were made in the summer over dusty

Church has been partaking of his tinued by team. and rocky roads. To protect ourselves from

the dust, "dusters."linen long wore In we presidents stake the occasions aided such has he andcounsel On spirit—as traveled frequently time winter we for the prepared say they write would had and of of God'sin the affairs the direction

rain in freezing through weather, and snow settlements in of the meetings holding the the upon kingdom andChurch well protected overcoats heavy by and the conpoint the to our where along wayearth—first as a member of the Counferences would be held.... blankets and hot bricks at our feet....

cil of the Twelve, then as a member In cases such as visits to Panguitch and On many of these trips in those earlier of the First Presidency, and for the Kanab [Utah], St. Johns and Snowflake days, it was my privilege to be the companlast five years, as President of the [Arizona], the Canadian stakes, and Paro- (Continued on page 281)

Church.—Color photograph by Walter Lillian

President Joseph Fielding Smith, who himself received the call to the apostleship four years after the call came to President McKay, has given this interesting word picture of the days near a halfcentury past:

In April 1906 when President McKay was called to this holy calling, there were but fiftyfive stakes of Zion; five additional

stakes were organized between that date and April 1910 [when I was ordained an

Apostle] making a total of sixty stakes. In

Authorities—thethose days the FirstbrethrenPresidency,of the Apostles,General

Patriarch,opric—traveledFirst Council,to the quarterlyand PresidingconferencesBishtwo by two. It was very unusual in those

earlier years for one of the brethren to be called to travel to a conference alone.

To travel in pairs was not a difficult thing to do when we were conducting only five or six stake conferences in the Church a week, and yet we were traveling just as regularly as we are doing today....

The privilege of traveling two by two was a great advantage to the brethren. It drew

them nearer to each other. They could feel

of each other's spirit, hear each other's discourses, give counsel to the stake and ward officials together, and partake of each other's inspiration.

President McKay and I, being among the younger members of the Council, frequently traveled together, slept in the same bed, ate at the same table in the homes of the presidents of the stakes or their counselors. We

were able to get nearer to these officials for we were usually in their company for longer intervals.

Our visits in those days consumed more time, for these were the days of the horse and buggy, or more correctly, days of the universal "whitetop"wagon. Many of these

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A room in the new Los Angeles Temple. Note the beautifully styled furnishings.

Dedicatory prayermmmmm This Prayer was delivered at all sessions of the Dedicatory Services by President David 0. McKay

God, our Eternal Father, thee, and every mind be willing to Down through the ages men have

Creator of the earth and do thy will and to work for the acbeen free to accept or to reject thy of the teeming manifescomplishment of thy purposes. righteous plan. Thou knowest, and

tations of life thereon, When our first parents chose to take history records, how many in wickedwe, thy children, assemupon themselves mortality, they knew ness yield to the enticements of the bled in dedicatory services in this that they would be driven from thy flesh, and how few, comparatively, house built to thy most Holy Name divine presence and that their only follow the path of light and truth that plead that we may be accepted by hope of ever regaining it would be leads to happiness and eternal life.

thea. dependent upon thy revealing thyself But thy mercy, thy love, thy wisMay we feel thy presence and the to them through thy Beloved Son, dom are infinite! And in dispensapresence of thy Beloved Son, Jesus who would give to them the plan of tions past thou hast pleaded, as thou

Christ, by whom all things were salvation. Today, we express heartdost now plead, through chosen servmade and only through whom will felt gratitude to thee for having given ants for thy erring children to repent

the consummation of thy divine purin the beginning the gospel plan, the and come unto thee.

poses pertaining to the inhabitants of power of God unto salvation, and We thank thee that thou, O Great this earth be wrought. That we may with it man's free agency, a part of Elohim, and Jehovah, thy Beloved

thus sense thy presence and have asthy divinity wherein man may choose Son, didst appear to the Prophet surance that our prayers are heard the right and merit salvation, or Joseph Smith, and through the subseby thee, may every heart in this edichoose the wrong and merit conquent administrations of angels didst fice this day be clean and pure before demnation. (Continued on following page)

APRIL 1956 225 >0O0O00OCG0O0QO000000OO0O0O0O0O0OCO00O6O06O000O0O0CO00CCOOO00000CO00OSO06CO0QO0O0O0OOSO000Ot

"turn the heart of the fathers to the and his counselors, the First PresiDedicatory Prayer children, and the heart of the childency, thy mind and will concerning (Continued from preceding page) dren to their fathers,"down to the the growth and advancement of thy enable him to organize the Church of latest generation. For this completework among the children of men.

Jesus Christ in its completeness with ness and consistency of restoration of We have felt thy presence and in apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, authority, we express gratitude today times of doubt and perplexity have and evangelists,, as it was established and praise thy holy name. hearkened unto thy voice. Here in

in the days of the Savior and his We are grateful for this land of thy holy house, in humility and deep apostles in the Meridian of Time. America, "choice above all other gratitude we acknowledge thy divine

In keeping with the unwavering lands."The freedom vouchsafed by guidance, thy protection and inspiratruth that thy Church must be estabthe Constitution of the United States, tion. This is truly thy work—help us

lished by divine authority, thou didst which guarantees to every man the to be able representatives, faithful and send heavenly messengers to bestow right to worship thee in accordance true!

upon the Prophet Joseph Smith and with the dictates of his own conBless the presidencies of stakes, the others the Aaronic and Melchizedek science, made possible the establishhigh councils, the presidencies of mispriesthoods, and subsequently all the ment of the Church of Jesus Christ sions, the bishoprics of wards, presikeys of the priesthood ever held by of Latterday Saints. O Father, may dencies of branches, presidencies of

thy prophets from Adam through the American people not forget thee! quorums—Melchizedek and Aaronic;

Abraham and Moses, to Malachi who Help us to see the greatness of this presidencies and superintendencies of testifies of the authority of Elijah to country and to minimize its weakworld—makeauxiliary associationsthem keenlythroughoutconsciousthe

of the fact that they are trusted leaders, and that they are to keep that trust as sacredly as they guard <ft their lives.

This edifice, as eleven other temples dedicated to thy holy name, is a magnificent monument testifying to the faith and loyalty of the members of thy Church in the payment of their nesses. We express gratitude for the tithes and offerings. Not only the

right of the people to resort to the building of temples is thus made posballot, and for freedom to meet in sible in different parts of the world, legislative halls to settle problems and but also the proclaiming of the redisputes without fear or coercion of stored gospel, and the carrying out of dictators, secret police, or slave camps. thy purposes by the building of

Help people everywhere to sense more chapels, tabernacles, and recreation clearly that government exists for the halls wherever needed by churches protection of the individual—not the organized in many lands and climes.

individual for the government. In this respect, we invoke thy blessBless, we beseech thee, the Presiing particularly upon thy people and

dent of the United States, his Cabinet, their friends in this temple district the houses of Congress, and the who have so willingly and generously judiciary. Give the President health contributed their means, time, and

and wisdom needful for the leadereffort to the completion of this imship now placed upon him. posing, impressive house of the Lord.

We express gratitude to thee for May each contributor be comforted the men whom thou hast chosen to in spirit and prospered a hundredfold!

lead the Church from the Prophet May all be assured that they have the

Joseph Smith, his brother Hyrum, and gratitude of thousands, perhaps milother associates, their successors lions, on the other side for whom the through the years down to the presprison doors may now be opened and ent General Authorities—the First deliverance proclaimed to those who

Presidency, the Council of the Twelve, will accept the truth and be set free.

the Assistants to the Twelve, the For this purpose thou hast revealed

Patriarch to the Church, the First that the gospel is to be preached to

Council of the Seventy, and the Prethose who have passed beyond the siding Bishopric. veil, as well as to the millions now

Continue to reveal to the President living whose faith in thee and in thy

SO0000000GCO0CCOO000SQO9OCCCCOS0O0O90O0000OQO0O0CCOOO00SO!OSO000000OS0

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jtlfc::; gospel is faltering and unstable, who:P

are now being influenced by false ideologies, which are disturbing the peace of mind and distorting the thinking of honest men and women.

May the temples, tabernacles, churches, wherever a branch or ward of the

Church is organized, declare even in silence that Jesus Christ is the way, We ask thee to accept this edifice and the truth, and the light, and that to guard it from foundation to statue.

"... there is none other name under Protect it from earthquakes, hurriheaven given among men, whereby canes, tempestuous storms, or other

we must be saved."devastating holocausts. We dedicate

Guide us, O Lord, in our efforts to the ground on which it stands and hasten the day when men will reby which it is surrounded. May the

nounce contention and strife, when baptismal font, the ordinance rooms, "... nation shall not lift up sword and especially the sealing rooms be

against nation, neither shall they kept holy that thy spirit may be ever learn war any more."To this end, present to comfort and to inspire. Prowe beseech thee to influence the tect all mechanical parts pertaining

leaders of nations that their minds to lighting, heating, ventilating sysmay be averse to war, their hearts tem, elevators. Bless the persons who

cleansed from prejudices, suspicion, are charged to look after all such inand avarice, and filled with a desire stallations and fixtures that they may for peace and righteousness. do so faithfully, skilfully, and reverTemples are built to thy Holy ently.

Name as a means of uniting thy peoBless the president of the temple, ple in bonds of faith, of peace, and and his wife as matron. Let humility

of love. temper their feelings; wisdom and

Today, therefore, we come before kind consideration guide their acthee with joy and thanksgiving, with tions. May they, and others, who

spirits jubilant and hearts filled with will be appointed as assistants and praise that we are permitted to particicustodians, maintain an atmosphere pate in the dedicatory service of this, of cleanliness and holiness in every the twelfth temple to be dedicated to room. Let no unclean person or thing

thee since the organization of thy ever enter herein, for "my spirit,"

Church. Millions have had their atsaith the Lord, "will not dwell in

tention drawn to it—many through unclean tabernacles"; neither will it

curiosity, some because of its beauty remain in a house where selfish, arin structure, others because of its rogant, or unwholesome thoughts Now, dear Lord, our Eternal lofty purpose. Help all, O Father, to abide. Therefore, may all who seek Father, through love for thee and

realize more keenly and sincerely this holy temple come with clean their fellow men, faithful members of than ever before that only by obedihands and pure hearts that thy holy thy Church, and others who believe ence to eternal principles and ordispirit may ever be present to comfort, in thee, by tithes and other generous nances of the gospel of Jesus Christ to inspire, and to bless. If any with contributions, have made possible the

may loved ones who died without gloomy forebodings or heavy hearts erection and completion of this thy baptism be permitted the glorious enter, may they depart with their holy house, in which will be perprivilege of entrance into the kingdom burdens lightened and their faith informed ordinances and ceremonies esof God. Increase our desire, therecreased; if any have envy or bitterness sential to the happiness, salvation,

fore, to put forth even greater effort in their hearts, may such feelings be and exaltation of thy children liviitg towards the consummation of thy purreplaced by selfsearching and forin mortality and in the spirit world.

pose to bring to pass the immortality giveness. May all who come within Accept of our offering, hallow it by

and eternal life of all thy children. these sacred walls feel a peaceful, halthy presence, protect it by thy power.

To this end, by authority of the lowed influence. Cause, O Lord, that With this prayer we dedicate our

Holy Priesthood, we dedicate this, the even people who pass the grounds or lives to the establishment of the kingLos Angeles Temple of the Church view the temple from afar, may lift dom of God on earth for the peace of of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, their eyes from the groveling things the world and to thy glory forever, and consecrate it for the sacred purof sordid life and look up to thee in the name of thy Beloved Son, poses for which it has been erected. and thy providence. Jesus Christ. Amen.

>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOQOOOOOOOOCiOOOOOOSOOOOGOOOOOOOOO5OOO0OOOGOOGOOOOOSGOOOGOSQOGOSOOSQO&5

APRIL 1956 227 los angeles temple Dedication

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

Main foyer of the Los Angeles Temple. The large doors on the right

front (beyond the first counter) face

Santa Monica Boulevard, and—five

miles away—the Pacific Ocean.

All interior photographs copyright 1956 by David O.

McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part

expressly prohibited.

Thewithmomentthe otherhadtwentysixarrived. hundredAlong surgeding this throughmoment, us.a thousandWe rememberedthoughts twoEighta daysessionsfor fourweredays,to tobe makeheld it

persons in the mammoth assembly that it had been only one hundred possible for the maximum number of room, and some thirtyfour hundred twentysix short years since another members to be blessed with the unviewing over closed circuit television Prophet of God had called a meeting forgettable experience of attending in other rooms throughout the buildto order in a little room in a log the dedication. Actually, it would

ing, we watched with eager anticipahouse belonging to Peter Whitmer in take some two hundred and fifty sestion the Lord's anointed, President Fayette, New York. Then, six persions, at six thousand persons to a

David O. McKay, arise and walk to sons were present. Their purpose was session, to give all of the Church

the pulpit. The first of eight sessions to organize the Church of Jesus Christ members an opportunity to attend.

of the dedicatory services for the new of Latterday Saints. This morning We thought of the trials, the hardLos Angeles Temple on Santa Monica some six thousand members of that ships, and the sufferings of the early

Boulevard at Manning Avenue in Church had gathered together to Saints, and of the pioneers. We

West Los Angeles, was ready to begin. dedicate the newest and largest of thought of the manyspired Salt Lake

During the previous hour as we the twelve temples which had been Temple, which took our people, rehad sat in reverential silence awaitbuilt through the years. cently arrived in the Salt Lake ValChapel in the temple.

Floorto-ceiling draperies, sculptured ceiling and soft lighting add to impressiveness of room. The chapel

follows the temple decor of quiet, subdued tones, which are conducive to a reverential atmosphere.

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ley, forty years to carve out of the ond song by the choir was, "Joseph area on this important dedicatory granite of the everlasting hills. We Smith's First Prayer."period."

thought of the two temples which Again, the voice of the prophet: J. Goodwin Knight, governor of the

they had built and left behind—Kirt- "This is one of the most memorable state, wired:

land and Nauvoo. We thought of dedicatory services, if not in many "I am proud to join in extending

the temples in St. George, and Logan, respects, the most memorable temple greetings upon the occasion of the

Manti, Hawaii, Canada, Idaho Falls, dedicatory service ever held in the dedication of the new Latterday

Arizona. We recalled that only last Church. All the General Authorities Saint temple in Los Angeles. It was

September a temple was dedicated in are present, or will be, in one or more a privilege for Mrs. Knight and me

Bern, Switzerland, and that ground of these sessions. Only one is absent to have the opportunity to inspect

had been broken for temples in Engthis morning because of illness of his this magnificent edifice a short time land and New Zealand. wife. This is probably the largest conago. This temple truly reflects the

We thought of the uncounted pages gregation ever assembled at a dedicaprofound devotion and dynamic force of favorable publicity the Church had tory service. Every one of the fifty of your faith on the side of justice,

received in the public press in conthousand persons in attendance at morality, faith, and human dignity.

nection with this temple. this and succeeding services will have The entire aspect is indeed one of

We thought of the people around increased responsibility as never begrace, solidarity, harmony, and serenus, typical of the faithful Saints fore, in the words of an ancient ity. Our visit was one of the most

experiences justly, inspiring to love 'to and impressive prophet, do and devoted, thethroughout world—good, to with enjoyed. warmest walk With humbly mercy, and have ever thy we diligent. humblyGodfearing, How

thankful we were to be counted among God.'"[Micah6:8.] personal regards. Cordially."

them! President McKay then read or reThe following resolution was passed

ferred to the following telegrams and unanimously by the Los Angeles City

Strains of the organ playing as prePoulson, Norris resolutions. Council: From melodies the sacredliminary music

Angeles, mescame this of Los of Jesus "Whereas, mayor the Church interour belovedof hymns some of built sage: Saints has of Latterday Christrupted our contemplation. Then came "Congratulations upon selection of in the city of Los Angeles a magnificom- prophet: of the voicethe "We

is site of your as outthe magAngeles temple ninetyroom which Los cent the "all those on said, hemend,"excelits allowing nificent architectural and temple for standing Mormon sacred these within andgrounds opporcitizens of Angeles Los an beauty, the lence and and in efficient the mannerwalls, on is before largest to building the this the view temple tunity "Whereas, their discharged they havewhich and Latterday the Poulson dedication. Mrs. Both constructed ever by

this audience vast directing induties itthat I were grateful established will ever already Saints be has we and servcies. dedicatory to these

stately buildof the guests. tourist self attraction as a your The among

"The dedicatory services of the Los ing rising as it does majestically into highest conception,

Angeles Temple of the Church of the sky has already enhanced the "Whereas upward of 700,000 perJesus Christ of Latterday Saints will city as a tourist attraction; thousands sons accepted invitations to visit the

begin by the Mormon Choir of Southmore visitors will daily tour the premstately edifice during a fiftyone day ern California singing, 'The Morning: ises, but more important still are the public viewing, andBreaks—The Shadows Flee.'spiritual values and the great labor "Whereas, on Sunday, March 11,

Following the song, Elder Eldred of love that will proceed from this at 9:30 a.m. the temple will be dedi-

G. Smith, Patriarch to the Church, sacred edifice. Best wishes to you cated with many of the General

offered the opening prayer. The secand the Latterday Saints of this (Continued on following page)

Scene suggesting the scriptural account of the Creation. Unusual oval

design of this room adds to effectiveness of giant circular mural. Artist was

Harris Weberg of San Francisco. View looks toward rear of room.

APRIL 1956 229 Colorful scenes suggesting the scriptural account of the Garden of Eden shows beauty and variety of art work, executed by artist Edward T. Grigware of Cody, Wyoming. Shadow of exterior grills on windows can be seen on draperies.

be in Los Angeles for this important "Adopted by order of the Board

Los Angeles Temple Dedication event, and of Supervisors of the County of Los (Continued from preceding page) "Whereas, the Mormon Temple is Angeles, State of California, this 8th

Authorities of the Church present one of the most outstanding buildings day of March, 1956. (Signed, H. C.

from Church headquarters at Salt of its kind in the entire world, and Legg, Chairman of the Board and

Lake City, Utah; is the largest temple ever built by Supervisor 1st District; Kenneth

"Now, therefore, be it resolved that the Latterday Saints, and Hahn, Supervisor 2nd District; John

the City Council of the City of Los "Whereas, the temple was opened Anson Ford, Supervisor 3rd District;

Angeles, this 8th day of March, 1956, for a short time for public viewing, Buxton W. Chase, Supervisor 4th

extends welcome to the visiting and hundreds of thousands of people District; Roger N. Jessup, Supervisor

Church dignitaries and congratulates were impressed by its grandeur and 5th District.)"

them and the Latterday Saints of inspired by the muraled artistry of "There are three men,"President this area, who have contributed so its rooms; McKay continued, "whose names will

much to the cultural and ecclesiastical "Now, therefore, be it resolved that ever be associated with the early hisbetterment of this community, upon the Board of Supervisors of the Countory of this temple, whose hearts are the dedication of this majestic temple. ty of Los Angeles expresses its gratifull of rejoicing at these messages and

"I hereby certify that the foregoing tude to the officials of the Church for this eventful hour of dedication.

resolution was adopted by the Counof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints They are not occupying seats in any cil of the City of Los Angeles at its for giving the citizens of Los Angeles of the rooms, but I am sure they are meeting of March 8, 1956. (Signed, County the opportunity of visiting here with us in spirit. They are PresiWalter C. Peterson, City Clerk.)"this beautiful religious edifice before dent Heber J. Grant; Preston B.

The following resolution was passed it is officially dedicated by the Church Richards, former counselor in the Los unanimously by the Board of Superofficials, and Angeles Stake presidency, and Bishop visors of the County of Los Angeles: "Be it further resolved that the David S. Howells."He indicated that

"Whereas, the Church of Jesus Board of Supervisors of the County of at a meeting held April 17, 1937,

Christ of Latterday Saints on SunLos Angeles congratulates David O. President Grant reported that he had

day, March 11, 1956 at 9:30 a.m. will McKay, President of the Church, and chosen a site of some twentyfour

dedicate the magnificent Los Angeles all other Church officials on the dediTemple, and cation of the temple on Sunday, acres in the Los Angeles region to "Whereas, David O. McKay, PresiMarch 11, 1956, a day that will comerect a temple, and he recommended

dent of the Church, with his counmemorate for all time an important its purchase. Within a month neselors and other members of the Genevent in the religious history of Los gotiations were complete, and the

eral Authorities of the Church, will Angeles County. title of the property was transferred

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to the Church—approximately one inspiration of these memorable dedicaties for building a temple in Southern

hundred years after the dedication of tory services, only combine to increase California, and indicated that it had the Kirtland Temple. President Mcthe responsibility of every member been no sacrifice for the people

Kay said he knew that the Prophet of the Church—the responsibility ever there, but rather it had been a

Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, and to remember that it is 'not everyone glorious opportunity with many reother Church leaders who had passed who sayeth unto me, Lord, Lord, shall sultant blessings. He talked of the

on were also rejoicing over the proenter into the kingdom of God, but patience, the tolerance, the kindness, ceedings of the day. he that doeth the will of our Father and encouragement of the General

"A million and a half members of which is in heaven.'[See Matt. 7:21.] Authorities and praised the temple

the Church are rejoicing this morning "One of the most appreciative feelcommittee working with them—Presiat the completion of this magnificent ings I shall ever associate with this dent John Russon, President Hugh

edifice,"President McKay continued, temple is the faith, the loyalty, and Smith, and President Howard Hunter, "and the eyes of other millions are the devotion of the people of this along with all the stake presidents turned towards this great event. temple district in their voluntary conand their counselors, high councilWhen we speak of this building in tribution of one million, six hundred men, mission presidents, bishops and

gratitude and admiration, we find thousand dollars, in addition to their their counselors, and all who had that only superlatives will serve to having extended effort and conassisted in any way. "We can never

express our feelings. For example: tributed money to build chapels durgive enough to have the Lord in debt

First, it is the largest temple ever ing this same period. to us,"he said, and indicated that he

built by the Church; second, the "To all assembled I extend a hearty had been instructed by the people of

greatest number in attendance at welcome, and with all my soul pray Southern California to promise that sixdedicatory thousand to possible do everything would services—over this rich they us a with day God to bless

... third, thethis morning, fulfil the purpose the temple make Spirit, realiof his largest outpouring a with

it was built.number ever permitted to make a prezation that he is near us, as he was to for whichdedicatory visit—662,401 persons bethe Prophet Joseph when he anPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of

tween December 18 and February 19; swered that boy's first prayer."the First Presidency, was the next

fourth, the largest contribution ever made by members in a temple area."President Noble Waite of the South speaker. His subject was temple

Continuing his message, President Los Angeles Stake, was the next building and the essentials of temple

McKay said, "As I said in the beginspeaker. "This morning our dream work, "In the last days, there has

ning, brethren and sisters, these conhas come true,"he said. "We have come to man generally,"he said,

gratulatory messages and words of waited for this moment for four "more knowledge than has ever come commendation on the magnificence years...."in the same period of time, and in

and glory of this sacred edifice, the He thanked the General Authori- (Concluded on following page)

Scenes in this room depict the world into which Adam and Eve were sent. Artist was Robert L. Shepherd o[ Salt Lake City.

APRIL 1956 231 Los Angeles Temple Dedication

(Concluded from preceding page) some respects, more than has ever come to the world.... We are not

here to secure forgiveness for our sins.

We are here having forsaken our sins with resultant forgiveness and in a spirit of deep humility; living a life

of righteousness, we are here to do the work which is done in these temples and to do that which the Lord commanded."

President Stephen L Richards, first counselor in the First Presidency, said that work for the dead is the most

Christlike service which is done in the Church. He suggested that members of the Church make two resolutions: "The first is to honor his priesthood, which in his grace and mercy

he has restored to men in the earth in the fulness of the gospel."The

Assembly room, for special gatherings, will seat 2600 people.second, "that our children shall be

brought to a more perfect understanding of these exalted principles humbly with thy God.'"[Micah four and a half columns to the story.

of life, that there may develop within 6:8.] This paper also ran a large picture of

them from their earliest youth an the temple and the "Long lines of sessions of the other sevenintelligent for The passionate longing and were on hand members Church who -* dedication the resemble were to ofthe attainment the highest and the for dedication yesterday morning best in life."first, with members of the General ceremonies of West Los Angeles ediPreceding the dedicatory prayer, Authorities and others speaking and fice,"and a picture of President and

which was given by President McKay, with music being furnished by other Sister McKay and Brother and Sister

Ewan Harbrecht, standing at the pulgroups. President McKay was to give Benson. The headline, "Mormons

pit, sang "Bless This House."We the dedicatory prayer in each of the Dedicate New SixMillion-Dollar

were not ashamed to join the multisessions. Temple in Westwood,"extended

tudes, at this and other times during Typical of the newspaper coverage across the top of the page. Excerpts

the services, to wipe the tears from of the dedication are the following: from the article read: "Marking one

our eyes. The Los Angeles Times of Monday, of its most impressive spiritual

first of the 12, noted day March of Jesus achievements, the Church first session concluded The was by a the dedication headline with on Saints yesterday Christ of Latterday folsinging, choirthe "Hosanna,"front page, Dedi- "Twelve Thousand sixmillion-dollar dedicated its new of the singing the congrelowed by cate L. A. threeTemple."Mormon A in Angeles Temple Los Mormongation, of Spirit a Like "The God fulllength picture column, showed Westwood. isFire Burning."President John Sister talking President and McKay

Russon of the Los Angeles Stake ofwith Elder and Sister Ezra Taft Ben- "The whitehaired David O. Mcfered the closing prayer. son. Part of the article read, "A Kay, Salt Lake City, Utah, Church

As we filed out of the house of the temple was dedicated to the Lord President offering the dedicatory adLord, we silently thanked our Father yesterday. It is the greatest ever built dress and prayer. More than six

in heaven for this (for us at least) by one of the fastest growing churches thousand, seven hundred worshipers, attended top leaders, including many million, four hunonce-in-a-lifetime experience. We in America—one a.m. services at 9:30 the opening of dred thousandmember Church the sessions ourselves wishingfound

could go on long enough for everyJesus Christ of Latterday Saints."Worshipers admitted by reservations

into the twentysix-hundredswarmed "Dignitaries from and Utah memin to the the experienceone Church the seat priesthood on assembly room all faith of the bers the over fromjoy, love, the inspiration, the and floor, other into third overflowed and filed sixmillion-dollar into the West,the nearness of the that Lord had we all corridors, with imbued rooms and structure Santa Boulevard on Monicafelt listening lovely to while the music his spirit of goodness. Christ the and

first of service for the in four days instructed being his servantsand by religious of rich a outpouring In story ceremonies."dedication The

in his house. Deeply engraved in our fervor, President McKay delivered an continued on where the second page

minds were President McKay's words: a large five -column picture was diseloquent prayer in this new temple

"Every one in attendance at this and played showing, "Part of the throng of worship."

succeeding services will have increased of six thousand persons who attended It was planned for ordinance work responsibility as never before, in the initial dedication ceremonies at sixin the temple to get under way as words of the prophet, 'to do justly, milliondollar Mormon Temple here."soon as possible. The temple will

and to love mercy, and to walk The Los Angeles Examiner devoted accommodate 300 persons to a session.

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA queer soul,"was a statement that invariably followed in the steps of Mrs. Wade GustywhenAshe moved up and down the

broad valley where I lived as a child.

Even my mother sometimes said the same thing, especially when Mrs.

Gusty dropped into our kitchen with a tempting cake or a morsel of her especially fine homemade bread and stayed longer than a person observant of my mother's busy routine in housework should have stayed.

To me, however, a lonely child, her visits were never long enough;

and her bread and cakes were treats that I never grew tired of. Just why

she fascinated me as a child, I do not know; but there was something about

her that was different from the other women in the neighborhood, and it was good for the soul.

With keen delight I welcomed any opportunity to visit in her neat little house. Mrs. Gusty was a widow

not a mourning widow; she didn't believe in burdening other folk with

her sorrows; and black, she said, always left a shadow. I recall so well

the bright, checked ginghams and flowered prints she wore; all were

made by the same pattern of shirt-

I knew that the eyes of the whole class were upon me, but I had no feeling of shame as I went into the arms outstretched toward me.

As A LampJTo MyJ Soulhvby EttaEtta MaiMai ScottX

waist and full skirt, with an oddThrough my childhood days I she was teaching me that nothing is shaped pin at the throat. Always on watched with much curiosity the visigained without effort, and few things

her arm she carried a closedtop tors passing in and out of Mrs. Gusty 's are obtained without pricks.

wicker basket. little house and planned in my own When I entered high school, I

People said it was a silly habit childish heart that I, too, would keep found to my amusement that the to carry a basket, and it wasn't good a spare room in my home when I cookies were replaced by hard cakes, for a woman to live alone—so many grew up and possessed a home. I and the sweet milk I had reveled in

things to harm her, but Mrs. Gusty learned to know my visits there would turned into hot chocolate, and over

went right along carrying the basket be rewarded by soft sugar cookies the cups of this steaming delicacy and living alone. However, she from a blue stone jar and little ginmany hard problems, not only in

wasn't really often alone. Somehow, gerbread bears and animals that espebooks but also in life, were solved

there always seemed to be somebody cially pleased me. I learned, too, for me. I learned to think of Mrs.

in the one vacant room of her little there would be little tasks that were Gusty 's spare room as a haven of house. mine alone to do on these visits rest; and though the criticism of

Often it was some young mother of wood to bring in for the cooking housing unworthy subjects frequently the vicinity, with her first young stove, eggs to gather from the hay reached her ears, the spare room rebaby, who was up against hard luck nests in the wellkept hen house, mained ready for any emergency or and couldn't afford hospital service. and walks to sweep. unexpected guest who might drop in.

Sometimes the guest was an aged I knew that gathering eggs would I learned during my high school woman from some corner of the combring possible pricks from old Speck's days and my close association with munity—or maybe the guest was a sharp bill, and maybe the wood this good Samaritan that we glean

weary youth, traveling the dusty would scar my arms a bit, but I from life no more than we put into it.

highways with a pack of books under couldn't fail to do what Mrs. Gusty I learned to balance things squarely,

his arm, who found a good night's expected me to do. What I didn't weigh right and wrong accordingly,

rest in Mrs. Gusty 's spare room. know was that through this activity, (Continued on page 263)

APRIL 1956 233 AllknowsAmericaEzra Taftand Bensonthe free asworldSec- l retary of Agriculture. Latterday

Saints know him more intimately as the fourth ranking member of the

Council of the Twelve.

Some time before the first meeting of the Eisenhower cabinet on January 12, 1953, in New York City, the

Presidentelect chatted with Elder

Benson and spoke of his interest in the spiritual welfare of the country.

This gave the Secretarydesignate an opportunity to express his views of the great need for the guidance of

God in their deliberations and to suggest that it would be appropriate to open their meeting with prayer. The

President, a man of deep spirituality, evidently concurred.

Nothing more was said on the subject until later at the first cabinet meeting. All the introductions had

been made and everyone had found his place around the luncheon table.

Then the Presidentelect paused a moment, his beaming smile giving way to seriousness. Because of the

great need of the incoming administration for divine inspiration, he said, he was asking the Secretary of Agriculture to open this first meeting of the new cabinet with prayer.

Elder Ezra Taft Benson and Sister Benson at the Inauguration of PresiElder Benson was taken completely dent Dwight D. Eisenhower in Washington, D. C, January 20, 1953. by surprise. Yet in a general sense

he was well prepared for this unusual assignment; spontaneous prayer

was a deeply ingrained habit. With

mingled humility and confidence in the Tightness of his course, he prayed EZRA TAFT BENSON fervently, thanking God for freedom, for the Constitution, for our inspired life, A LIVING WITNESS FOR CHRIST principles guiding our way of and for the bounty of the land. Then

by Merlo J. Pusey he uttered an earnest petition for diASSOCIATE EDITOR, WASHINGTON POST *For biographical sketch see page 288.

;Mi,

George Taft Benson, father of Ezra Sarah Dunkley Benson, mother of Ezra Taft Benson at three months

Taft Benson. Brother Benson. of age.

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sister Benson, with some of the children, including the eldest and tallest, "T,"as Ezra Taft Benson with his father. "T"

young Ezra was affectionately called. stands to the left and back.

vine guidance, for the spirit of disit. They have come to appreciate the he and his wife Louisa Ballif Benson,

cernment, for unity and dedication to Secretary's deep sincerity and to reparents of thirteen children, became the welfare of the people and to the spect his conviction that no important pioneers in the settlement of a porholy purposes of God. It was an imdecision should be made without an tion of Cache Valley in southern

pressive and inspirational prayer. appeal to God for his assistance. Idaho. There, in the little community

Eight days later the President himElder Benson inherited a rich legacy of Whitney, George T. Benson, Jr.,

self uttered a simple and direct prayer of faith. The Ezra Taft Benson for and Sarah Dunkley Benson, one of a

as a preliminary to his inaugural adwhom he was named, his great grandfamily of thirteen, were living in a dress. At the second meeting in father, was the first apostle selected tworoom house on a fortyacre liveWashington the practice of opening by Brigham Young after the death of stock, sugarbeet, grain, and potato

each cabinet meeting with prayer was the Prophet. That devoted churchfarm when their eldest son, Ezra Taft,

agreed upon as routine procedure. Ocman—who preached with power, enwas born on August 4, 1899.

casionally it is vocal, as at the first dured cruel persecution, served as a The attending doctor despaired of meeting in New York, but usually it member of the Nauvoo Legion—achis life and that of his mother. In

is silent. The members of the cabinet companied President Young and the administering to them, his father and

bow their heads, and each silently first company of Mormon pioneers the attending doctor invoked God's addresses Deity in his own way. on the perilous journey across the healing power upon the infant. As

Secretary Benson also opens his plains to Salt Lake Valley in 1847. the eldest greatgreat-grandson, the

own staff meetings at the Department George T. Benson, the Secretary's name of the distinguished pioneer

of Agriculture with prayer. Some of grandfather, for twenty -three years apostle was conferred on him. Young

his associates at the department were years bishop of the Whitney Ward, Ezra grew up with a strong conviction rather shocked to be called upon to [Idaho] was born in a covered wagon that this exercise of faith had saved pray, but they became accustomed to in Iowa during the journey. Later his lite. (Continued on following page)

Elder Benson as president of the Newcastle Conference, England, (right, seated) with group of missionaries in 1922, with President and Sister McKay, who were presiding over the European Mission.

APRIL 1956 235 Ezra Taft Benson

(Continued from preceding page)

From his earliest childhood he was as Elder Benson at taught to pray and to rely upon agent county

Preston, Idaho, 1929. prayer to overcome every difficulty.

His father, who served in the bishopric and the stake presidency, used to say to him: "Remember that whatever you do or wherever you are, you

are never alone. Our Heavenly

Father is always near. You can reach

out and receive his aid through prayer."Gratefully Elder Benson

acknowledges the priceless blessing of being reared in a home frequently referred to as "an ideal Mormon home.""There was ever present a

spirit of love, unselfish cooperation and dedication to the principles of the gospel, with full activity in the

Church,"says Elder Benson. "In

fact, I cannot remember ever hearing

Elder Benson and Brother Zimmer a cross word between the faithful checking Church father and queenly mother in that supplies stored in haven of peace,"he added.

Geneva, Switzerland, for distribuEzra learned early in youth the virtion to Saints in tue of hard work. At the age of four

wartorn Europe. he could drive a team, and he was

soon herding cattle, thinning beets, milking cows, and doing general farm work. The Benson family grew (Ezra

itsbeing the eldest of eleven children) and so did the family home and the farm acreage. In addition to cultivating beets and potatoes, the Bensons

kept fifteen Holstein cows, about two hundred fifty chickens, and a few hogs. On their new acreage in the

foothills they raised wheat.

Ezra, or "T"as the family called him, met his first big test at the age of fourteen: His father was to go on

a mission; to make the mission possible they sold half the farm and

shared their home with the family that operated part of the remaining acres. The pasturedairy section of

For ten months while Brother Benson was European Mission A home evening at the Bensons'. Reading the scriptures.

president, Sister Benson held the family together in work and in play. 236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Ezra Taft Benson family enjoy horseback riding in Virginia in 1954 on brief vacation.

the farm was retained for Ezra and Never before or since has he felt as his brothers to manage. Stark ecowealthy as he did that night.

nomic necessity thus drove them to Nor did his premature responsibiliextraordinary efforts. ties blight his youthful zest. Within

Ezra's noble mother carried courthe family and the school "T"was ageously the responsibility of eight a "tease"and a perpetrator of practichildren, the last of which was born cal jokes. Somehow, despite the defour months after her husband had mands of school and the farm, he also

left for his mission. Later her eldest found time to trap muskrats to help

son said, recalling those two years, meet expenses, to round up cattle in "Never did I hear a murmur from the nearby mountains, and to inher lips."dulge his love of basketball, baseball,

and other sports.

It was a period of real hardships Starting school at eight, he early for the Bensons, but toil and pinchdecided that he wanted to study agriing to make ends meet did not seem culture. He attended the Oneida

like hardships when they contributed Stake Academy, traveling each day to the cause to which all members from the farm to Preston, Idaho, by of the family gave their primary dehorseback or by buggy or sleigh. In

votion. At the age of sixteen Ezra the winter of 1918 he began spendproved his unusual capacity for work ing intermittent quarters—whenever

by thinning an entire acre of beets farm work would permit—at the Utahin a day—from sunup to sundown. State Agricultural College in Logan,

The surprised neighbor for whom he Utah.

did the work gave him two five dolAt Logan he found something more grandchild,Sister EzraStephenTaft Reed,Bensonthewithson theof Markfirst lar gold pieces and two silver dollars. (Continued on following page) A. Benson and his wife, Lela.

The Benson family today, (left to right) Bottom row: Ezra Taft

Benson, Stephen Reed Benson, Lela Wing (Mrs. Mark) Benson,

Stephanie (granddaughter) Benson, Flora Amussen Benson, and

Flora Beth Benson. Back row:

Dr. Robert Harris Walker, Barbara Benson Walker, Mark A.

Benson, Bonnie A. Benson, Reed

Benson, Beverly A. Benson,

APRIL 1956—Photo by Forsythe, USDA Photo

President Eisenhower being shown a purebred Holstein Elder Benson being congratulated by members of the Scout from the Dairy Experiment Station at Beltsville Research Council, upon receiving Silver Antelope Regional Award.

Center during the President's visit there in May 1953, by

Secretary of Agriculture Ezra Tart Benson.

and happy to see the same girl in his calling on a girl who owned a car,

Ezra laft Benson own Whitney Ward Sunday School. who lived in a home of culture and

(Continued from preceding page) She was spending the week end with refinement, and was said to be "the than new ways of cultivating the soil a friend. This time he had a chance most popular girl in town."Flora

and increasing milk production. In to meet her when his uncle asked was most gracious, and her mother

the fall of 1920 he visited the college him to take the girls for a drive. Ezra quickly put the young farmer at ease

preliminary to registration. As he came back deeply impressed by her by talking about farming and his

stood on the curb of Main Street in "sweet personality, high standards, family. As the young couple left,

Logan with his cousin, Serge Ballif, deep spirituality, good common sense, Flora kissed her mother tenderly, and an attractive girl drove by and waved and deep appreciation for the slightest Ezra knew in his heart that he had at Serge. favor."His resolution to get better made "a great find."

"Who is that girl?"Ezra asked. acquainted with her was firmed into Flora was the youngest daughter

"Why, that's Flora Amussen,"a major purpose. Flora who had of Carl C. Amussen, a cultured, wellSerge replied. never heard of this farm boy, little educated native of Denmark who had

"If I come down here this winter,"realized he was to be her future made a fortune as a jeweler and

Ezra asserted, with a tone of deterhusband. watchmaker in connection with the

mination in his voice, "I'm going to While he was attending the USAC 1848 gold rush in Australia. He

'step'her."that winter and living at his "Grandhad joined the Church in Liverpool

"The dickens you will,"his cousin ma"Benson's home, he found the and migrated to Utah, crossing the shot back. "She's too popular for courage to ask Flora for a "first date."plains in 1865. He established a

you. His audacity was borne in upon him jewelry business in Salt Lake City,

"That makes it all the more interas he approached the large threeerected a business building at 60 esting,"the confident young farmer story Amussen home that night in South Main Street—a structure still

replied. his "blue serge suit, shiny in the in use. Later he built business houses

A few weeks later he was surprised back,"and reflected that he was (Continued on page 266)

Elder Benson with other US delegates to the International Sister Benson was honored by National Home Fashion

Federation of Agricultural Producers'organization meeting, League, October 26, 1955, as the outstanding American

London, England, in June 1946. homemaker.

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ARCHAEOLOGY and the BOOR OF MORMON

by President Milton R. Hunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

PartXI-A

Symbols of QuetzalcoatI

and Teotihuacan

Teotihuacan, situated approximately thirty miles northeast of Mexico

City, is perhaps the outstanding can, SouthMexico.half ofObservethe westcoatlface of(serpent)the Templeheadsof QuetzalcoatIsurrounded atbyTeotihuaquetzal

tourist attraction in the valley of feathers, symbols of the "White Bearded God"or QuetzalcoatI.

Mexico. No one can really claim to

in his zeal to abolish pagan Archbishop, structures majestically above all other to country neighboring seen ourhave rites. 3 of to a site, rising that archaeological has not been shownthe south if he

feet on each both pyramids in shape, size, and purTeotihuacanso—like all other(Ta'6-te'wakan');American touristsand heightmeasuredof almostover 200700 feet. Its base I readily recognized the fact that

I placed that famous archaeological side. The structure was built of adobe poses of construction had certain resite on my itinerary during my first bricks and was solid throughout. The semblances to ancient pyramids, or

visit to Mexico in 1941. exterior was faced with volcanic stone templetowers, of Egypt, 4 Assyria and

When we arrived at Teotihuacan, covered with "pre -Spanish cement."Babylon, which is a significant fact,

our Mexican guide—who had resided Five bodies in form of truncated pyrasince the Book of Mormon claims that

half of his time in the United States mids, one on top of another and diminishthe Jaredites came from the great and thereby knew both English and ing in size so as to form terraces, make up Tower of Babel 5 in Babylon and that

Spanish equally well and also the the pyramid proper. Here, too, on top, was a the Ncphites brought with them a

temple, cult of to small dedicated the Tonaus firstcustoms considerable amount of Egyptian of both peoples—took catecutli, of of of Sun, and warmth God of the Moon.to the Pyramid culture. We with abundance. temple crowned The was

this impressive that informedwere a followed along southward statue of the a gigantic monolithic god We in thestructure, dating B.C. that a gold breast with plate period, 1 adorned 7 becalled of the Dead,"reroad "Road

rises 115 feet high on a quadrangular turned with almost equal brilliance the rays cause of numerous human skeletons it. struck the Like sun so manybase that measures 329 feet by 411 of other discovered by the early Spanish setfine of art of ancient the Mexicans, works

feet. this statue was destroyed by the orders of tlers along its length, and came to the

Fray Juan de Zumarrago, Mexico's first Temple of QuetzalcoatI (ketsal'koThis pyramid was truncated at the top, at'l).

where undoubtedly a temple stood. From a

spacious court, a broad stairway once led The temple is situated toward the reference in the The CORRECTION: or quadrangle, east of a great stadium planes, side of the south ascendingup the

of quotation from the bottom 2 second terraces. to were broken providewhich page) following (Continued on should 176 page magazine of the March

read 3 Nephi 2:1415, instead of Ibid., 'Ibid., p. 15.

Our guide next took us to the 2:1415. Otherwise the article gives 4Milton R. Hunter and Thomas Stuart Ferguson,

America Ancient and the Book o/ Mormon (Oakin reference all the quotawrongPyramid of the Sun. It towered the 264273. 1950), pp. tions parland, in this following interesting 3243. 1:1-6, "Ether

1Archaeolagy in Mexico (Mexico City, 1952), p, 14. allel. "1 Nephi 1:2; Mosiah 1:4; Mormon 9:3233.

2lbid. "'Archaeology in Mexico Today, op. cit., p. 15.

APRIL 1956 239—Photo by Otto Done

of Pyramid Teotihuacan, the Sun at from the west, front view. Observe of Pyramid the at Teotihuacan. PhotoMoon

its likeness to in pyramids Egypt. graphed west. the from Side view of the pyramid.

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOR OF MORMON coatl,Speakingarchaeologistsof the Templedeclareof Quetzalthat (Continued from preceding page) seum, gives the date for the beginning is a This of representation Quetzalcoatl. of the surrounded walls temple by low A.D. Vaillant as 666 which upon

in addition to the. [And serpent heads temples stand. out Stairs that 'The lead Feathered the points up quetzal feathers] Serpent.and. as that proof

west side of these "temples, where unis the dominant decorative motive, temple was erected in honor of the Featheredthis doubtedly religious festivities were and the great heads carved in rugged Serpent, we see on the wall an enormous sculptured serpent, of the rattlesnake species, simplicity celebrated"project anciently. 8 from the balustrade small Four

Quetzalcoatl. symbol of facades.'and from the temples or platforms serpents the These stand on

north wall, four on the west, and four heads, as you have observed, are suron the south, with three larger ones rounded with what represents quetzal I carefully observed what appeared on the east. feathers. Both the serpent heads and to me at that time to be grotesque

Directly in front of the Temple of quetzal feathers are symbols of Quetserpent heads with mouths filled with

Quetzalcoatl stands a rather large zalcoatl, the 'White Bearded God.'"9 large, hideous teeth. Since I was a

pyramid or temple which we were inWe soon learned that member of the Church of Jesus Christ, formed was erected by the Toltecs at Quetzalcoatl, the Plumed Serpent, most I was quite familiar with the Book of a much later date than the temple revered god, was more frequently represented Mormon's account of the appearance

Christ to Jesus of the inhabitants pottery on in decoration and [at Teotihuaof inerected of honor the "White can] ancient other subject. 10 America than any following his resurBearded God."touring party Our

of Mexico (New rection; and I had also heard that hewent to the southeast corner of the York,"George1950),C. pp.Vaillant,71, 79. The Aztecs

Toltec temple or pyramid, and there, 10Archaeology in Mexico Today, op. cit., p. 13. u-Ibid., p. 15.

arising majestically only a few feet east of the pyramid, stood another Two "Plumed Serpents, symbols of Quetzalcoatl, hewn out of stone. National

temple whose west face was adorned Museum, Mexico City.—Photo by Otto Done

with heads of serpents surrounded by representations of feathers.

Our guide remarked:

"This is the famous Temple of Quetzalcoatl. It was built by an ancient people called by some writers the

Teotihuacanos and by others the Toltecs. This temple was erected during

the early Christian centuries, perhaps as early as the seventh century A.D.

Dr. George C. Vaillant, director of

the University of Pennsylvania MusIbid., p. 15.

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

had been identified with Quetzal - coatl. As I looked at those hideous

serpent heads I thought: "I see nothing here that reminds me of the

beautiful account in the Book of Mormon of our Lord and Master, Jesus

Christ. These snake heads are repulsive and ugly. They are pagan Coatl or horned serrepresentations or idols."pent head from stairAfter returning to Utah from TeoticaseQuetzalcoatlof the Templeat Teotiof

huacan, having had time to think huacan.

more carefully, I realized that I had been looking through the eyes of a member of the true Church of Jesus

Christ. My religious background had

caused me to judge the symbols of

Quetzalcoatl by the standard of the marvelous teachings of the Book of

Mormon, the great revelations regarding Jesus recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants, and the astounding doctrines contained in the Pearl of

Great Price and the Bible.

Since these standards were far superior and differed entirely from what I saw at Teotihuacan, my judgfaulty;ment was so I decided and—Photo by Otto Done

that I study must archaeology and

Indian traditions in order that I might the significance of serpents and quetThirteen years elapsed, and I made more aptly place myself in the posizal feathers as symbols of Quetzalcoatl my second trip to Teotihuacan. This

tion of the pagan worshipers of or Jesus Christ. This I immediately time I was accompanied by PresiQuetzalcoatl and thereby understand undertook. dent and Sister Claudious Bowman,

Jose Davila, and Sister Hunter. I also

returned there the following year with a touring party. On each of these

occasions we visited the famous Quetzalcoatl Temple and quadrangle.

I now possessed a background and viewpoint far different from the one

I had had on my first trip. I saw

Quetzal bird—namuch more and certainly had a

tional bird of Guateof clearer understanding than I had had mala and symbol

Quetzalcoatl. on my first visit to the Temple of

Quetzalcoatl. I felt that now, at least

to a certain degree, I was able to think, feel, understand, and appreciate as had the ancient builders of

Teotihuacan.

The following discussion will portray my transition of understanding and feelings during the past fifteen years.

By 400 A.D. the religion of the

Nephites and Lamanites had degenerated into pagan practices, and the former people as a nation had been exterminated in a terrible war fought on and near the Hill Cumorah.

The survivors of that last war—some

of whom were white in color and of

Nephite stock and other bronze in color and of Lamanite lineage 1 - held sacred in their memories and (Continued on page 282"i

12Milton R. Hunter, "Archaeology and the Book

of Mormon,"Improvement Era (Salt Lake City, The 85SG9sSS55n&8HSw 1955), p. 498. No. 7, vol. 58,

APRIL 1956 241

The Mormon Battalion marched over trackless miles of desert country.—Josef Muench photo

m<: i U

Part VI becoming immobile. The suffering of

men and animals alike grew intense

TheJed,supperStandage,dishesCox,wereandwashedthe andrest oravailable.less, according to the water

I were about the evening campSo it was that the week it took to fire. It had been a good day. Striking go from the Maricopa Indian villages

the Pima villages on the Gila River on the Gila to the junction of the comparalaid over the Colorado a Gila was before, and they had the day 1 tively Inwere pleasant. warm, peaceful the The days to trade with day

dians who inhabited this region. Since the nights cold. The sand, in spots,

the Pimas were more progressive than was deep, but ever, a mile or two the wild mountain and plain Indians away, the plentiful water—beautiful

a upon agriwater, good deal and depended Standage said—was always

there. the commissary food, for their:: 1 culture

department had been able to purThe Colorado River at the place of "fiK'chase a good quantity of beans, crossing was about half a mile wide.

pumpkins, corn, dried meat, and Most of this distance, by a careful ill nversi vegetables with which to supplement following of sand bars, was not too their harsh diet of the trail. deep. There was a stretch which was

How to obtain water was the greatdeep and had to be swum. Orders

est problem of the Mormon Battalion were given to make the wagon boxes:MMl as it forced its way through the forwatertight by using bull hides and to

makeshift supplies in these ferry the southwest. With of the lands bidding

over.mmmmmmm'M:: pull boats. to swim mules were could water, mules 'KigSm llf: The enough lilt li

wagons, carry packs. Without it for Captain Davis sent for Standage:

immmsmimifiV.':.''longer than a day, the train became "Standage, take some hides and

lllllliillli caricatures of slow motion gradually make your wagon box watertight.

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

Then you and your squad ferry the breath. He could not see anything like I couldn't last another moment,

sheep. And don't stop till it's done to guide him, and in the confusion but I remembered that when you had

if it takes all day and all night."swam aimlessly. The cold water took trouble, you always prayed for help.

Standage rounded up his men. Jed his strength rapidly, and he despaired So I prayed to God for help, and just

was assigned to keep the sheep toof ever reaching shore. as I finished praying, one of the oars

gether. There were twentysix left of In desperation he thought of his touched my hand. I grabbed it, and

the original band brought along for mother and of his home. He'd never with that much float I managed to

meat. Then Standage, Cox, and their return now. He'd drown in the icy get to shore."

men unloaded a wagon, lifted off the water. Then he remembered that "It's the hand of the Lord,"rebox, turned it over, and stretched the Standage and Cox and all the others plied Standage.

wet raw bull hides over the box. prayed when they were in trouble. As Jed lay in the blanket getting "It'll leak some, I allow—"said "Oh, God, help me out of this!"warm, he agreed with Standage. In

Cox. he said aloud. "Thou helped them, that great hopeless dark only a

"We can bail it out fast enough to help me!"miracle could have placed that oar

keep it floating,"said Standage. His thrashing hand touched somewhere his hand could touch it.

An hour or two later, the new boat thing hard. He reached almost auto- A fter the Colorado crossing the

launchedwas on the shallow water of matically, round firmness and felt the "*- of territwo weeks Battalion had place.the landing of paddle, the makeshift which

crossing a place ble hardship. At one

yelled "Hurrah,"used. Cox! "Hardly Standage Both hands had

to take range, mountain they had in!"any water came extra supclosed on it, with that and to get apart the first wagons them

half the sheep, "Catch Jed, and put port strength courhe and found new crevice. they through a narrow There

in the box."them wagon of effort, age. eternity After an

blasted picked enough it wide and his had a great chasing time had down feet Jed pulled bottom, touched he and of the the to squeeze remainder at sheep.the a time he managed himself One the on up shore—exhausted, Finally through. hungry and wagons

leg, sheep,to catch the a and throw cold. resting, lay wet, he he As and

Pacific they reached worn, had it tied, to legs the carrythen with thought, Charwould what "Now near Diego San Ocean Mission—the all boat. theremakeshift were Soon out he get do? boneaux would How village. small mudwalled had They

for aboard. wereroom of a tight spot?"

then turned north and reported to the fashioned had Meanwhile river men reasoned. would "The He General Kearney and

of paddles out an extra clumsytwo carry distance. a long downstream me Los town of much Angeles—notat the mission repairs. for carriedplank One I wagon on, I don't which bank know am larger, for the headquarters but

to assigned the sheep was watch across,man vicof the were most but we way torious Americans in this conquest of later; to be brought were Coxwhich so I bank. the reached west have must

California.

the if Standage I wereand named find the out which way Now rested. the For several days menpaddlers. flows opposite in the water and work

to Fresh beef rationed them. was

it for a shovel the use I "Take and direction, to find able should the be cele- a Colonel ordered Cooke had to steer us,"ifrudder comwas too, Jed camp."wondered, and Cox He bration, large a that pole and be

manded. drowned. Standage had been

liberty pole, which upon erected—a vigorously Standage Cox and in With the out In darkness he waded fittingly Stripes Stars the could be and

his to bestpaddling, doing and river Jed to distance short a the determine raised. as the accompanied squad Jed rear,steer at shovel the the the by flow. of direction the the Returning

hills searched the they surrounding river. crossed slowly thebox It was in to shore started the he walking

for tree. Finally appropriate they an

tiring work, and by the time the sheep opposite direction. After a time, the found a slim tree stretching forty feet

return delivered made,were and the vigorous walk warming into the with a it came air. Down night exhausted, wasall were and a bend, he turned and there—ahim a quarlittle, crash vigorously applied as they the

them.upon ter mile away—he could see the fires to hitched team of mules was ax. A supper of beans and bacon Battalion. of the A good

to end; the place one dragged it was sheepbrought More new strength. fire, his Finding squad own he of erected, the celebration and quickly

dark loaded,were and in the firelit into the the walked circle, and was a rope to the attached halyard being craft started once more. The night greeted with joyous shouts. Quickly top.

difficult. the more Jed had workmade clothes he his wet removed, and were Battalion was assembled. The A

fire for ato steer on the opposite laid in a blanket and wrapped was mothylooking more nondescript, shore. near the fire. After he had rested, group of men could not have been

The wagon box was not steady in Standage questioned him. found. They had little discipline or

-*- the water and had to be balanced "How did you manage to escape, marching order; they didn't keep step;

by the men. No one noticed that the lad?"they were tired and worn; clothing

sheep were bunched on the down- "I don't know,"said Jed. "I felt (Continued on page 260)

stream side. Cox jumped to that

side to help Standage swing the heavy box in line with the fire to which SYNOPSIS they were heading. His weight was Galveston,Young TexasJed Colby,Republic,shanghaiedafter hisfromshipLondonis lost andin atakenstorm.to Theresea, landshe findsnear

too much, and all too quickly the box an army scouting party who befriend him and take him to Santa Fe. Meetturned over on its side, throwing men ing members of the Mormon Battalion there, he decides to travel farther

and sheep into the icy water. westas onewithof thethem.BattalionNow Jedmembershas just isseenadministeredone of theto,gospelfollowingprincipleshis injuryin actionby

Jed was a fair swimmer, but for a a fight with wild cattle.

moment or two he could not get his

APRIL 1956 243 iii EGYPT REVISITED ladies who first ruled Egypt. 34 But "If you will excuse me, I have done

more recently others have given a a little research of my own on the the morning,'the Egyptian text different explanation. They say it subject. PhythianAdams has argued,

Inreads, 'the goddess arrived and was the invading heroes who brought as you may know, that Egypt gets its found all the land under water; the bee symbol with them, uniting it name not from Kmt, 'the black'as

her countenance was joyous; she with the red crown and other props is traditionally maintained, but from

drank deeply and was satiated. But of the Lady of Koptos when they Koptos which, as you have suggested,

she perceived no human beings.'found her ruling the country on is the oldest shrine and capital of

Plainly this is the situation that the arrival."35 Egypt. 37 Isn't it quite common in

first immigrants would have found. "I would prefer that interpretaancient times for countries to take the

land, greeted her to the newOnly Re tion,"said Blank, to Professor as Schsame names their capitals—Rome, Lady.'gracious in peace,saying 'Come surprise, wulst's "since itself, I have already Babylon, Misr to say nothing

Then he established the New Year's surmised that the bee belonged to the of Mexico?"

rite of the priestesses of AmonRa, migrants.""It is common enough,"the Prowhich all the people celebrated, but Professor Schwulst, who knew nothfessor observed, "but what are you

especially the women, every year foring about the Jaredites and their getting at?"

ever after to commemorate the event. honeybee, called Deseret, continued "One more question: cannot that

From other sources we know that the his discourse: "Sethe further points name also be the name of a person?"

lady's son was Horus, the first out that 'bee'in Egyptian, being a "Many ancient cities are named

Pharaoh."suit feminine noun, cannot with of them, in persons—hundreds indications other there "Are any original as its king possessor, is only and that person when a fact—butafter line royal with a that the began

title that the of the sedgeand-bee city."of the the founder

woman?"asked Blank, greatly inPharaohs does not designate them as "Exactly. It is agreed today that

terested. "Sethe, here in his Urgeschichte, has treated the subject at length. According to him the key to the whole

matter is the bee and the red Dsrtcrown: the bee, he believes, is the

sign of the Lady Neith—whom we

have seen identified with Hathor called 'the Ruling Lady of the Uniby Dr. Hugh Nibley verse,'he says that this figure must

go back to a 'prehistoric rule of BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY women in Egypt.'151 Now the discovery thirtyfive years ago of a peractually being bees but rather as the great invasions of Egypt in prefect representation of the beecrown 'belonging to the Bee,'or 'descended historic times came by way of the

on a prehistoric jar from Nakada was from the Bee.'3(i He gives evidence, Wadi Hammamat. And what is the

taken as an indication that the great moreover, that both Geb, the father first place one would settle down on shrine of Koptos, right across the river of the gods, and Osiris, were guilty of reaching the valley? It is the plain

from Nakada, which is only a cemeusurping the beecrown of the Lady, at Koptos, the very place where the tery, may have been the original as they usurped her throne. He finds Wadi Hammamat opens on the Nile

capital of the lady. That was the it significant that the title h.b.t 'bevalley. Many scholars have noted

shrine of Min, the oldest god of longing to the bee'and the Dsrtthis fact. (Blank ruffled a sheaf of

Egypt, who later became Ammon, and crown always go together 'as symobls notes.) Koptos is not only tradiwhose symbol was an arrow, as was of rule,'being associated as such in tionally but also logically the oldest

Neith's. Wainwright has shown that prehistoric times, when the royal settlement in Egypt; and just as it

Neith was the prehistoric lady of shrine of the both its was to 'the House given the could have name 82Koptos."'the of the Bee'and DsrtHouse land, got that whole it could have

"And where does the bee come in?"crown.'It was, he says, specifically in name from the person who led the

F. asked perplexed. his capacity of 'he who belongs to the enterprise."

"The kings of Egypt actually bore bee'that the ruler of the proto- "It could have, indeed,"said title bee,'of 'thethe accordbut only, kingdom of Buto wore the 'DsrtSchwulst, with of impatience, a shrug '"36ing after to Sethe, they had usurped crown, knows "but no one where the name the authority of the Lady Neith. He "Whatever is behind this,"Blank Koptos came from. Why does it consuggests that the lady's name is actualinterposed with an air of suppressed cern you so much?"

ly the title N.t given to the prehistoric excitement, "four things definitely "Because of a text that this discusred crown, though together at of it is usually called go the beginning sion brings to my mind. Allow me to

33the Dsrtcrown."history: Egypt's it. the the DsrtBee; read

"Is it specifically the possession of crown; the derivation of Pharaoh's

the Dsricrown that makes the king authority from a woman; and the byThea woman,land ofwhoEgyptwas thebeingdaughterfirst discoveredof Ham,

eligible to call himself 'the Bee'?"identification of that woman with and the daughter of Egyptus, which in the

Blank asked with great emphasis. the lady of Koptos, from which or Chaldean signifies Egypt, which signifies

"That is what Sethe maintains,"whom Egypt may have got its name."that which is forbidden. When this woman

discovered the land it water, under was Orientalistthe finds answered, said "Eh?""He Schwulst, somewhat

it. settled afterward in her sons who Nowit 'tempting'as attribute he says, to surprised the fervor as well by first as the the of government estabEgypt was

the formal title of Queenbees'to the novelty of the last remark. lished by Pharaoh, the eldest son of Egyptus

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in 'a great and longdrawn-out infiltration.'45 And the same waves that

bring these people into Egypt, moving outward in a circle like ripples

The Red Crown (Dsrt in a pond from some mysterious cenCrown) is clearly deter of disturbance in the north, were a prehistoric picted on potsherd Nakada, at the same time bringing ever new from thus placing it among the invaders into Mesopotamia. The

oldest known symbols oE graves in the socalled Royal CemeIt is royalty. the crown

Neith and tery of Ur of the Chaldees show of the Lady is often substituted for remarkable resemblance to the firstthe sign of the bee. dynasty graves of Egypt—those 'noof "Journal Egyptian

Archaeology,"Vol. 9, mad mounds'that Ricke talks about.

Plate XX (After WainAnd the prehistoric cult of Heliopolis wright). shows many signs of Asiatic, specifically Semitic, origin."46

"My head is swimming,"said F.

"Let's get back to Pharaoh and the epic milieu."

"The Pharaoh of the Pyramid Texts is always on the move: 'O Way of

Horus, prepare thy tent for the king,'the daughter of Ham, and it was after the (Pyr. 363)—that is typical; Pharaoh

manner of the government of Ham, which spends his days on the road and his was patriarchal. (Abr. 1:2325.) nights in tents. 47 When like the sun

"What have the Chaldeans got to he has completed his day's journey, do with it, I would like to know?"F. 'the Great Ones in the north side of

asked with a depreciating snort. heaven lay for him the fire,'and they

It was Schwulst who answered: 'cook for him a meal in his evening

"A few years ago the Chaldeans cookingpots.'(Pyr. 405a-c, 403b.)

would have discredited the whole pasThere is a cry of 'come and get it,'so sage, but not today. There are very to speak: 'his chef prepares a meal

reputable Egyptologists who believe for him; the king runs, his herdsmen

that in the beginning Egypt and / run.'"(Pyr. 1113a-b.)

Mesopotamia were parts of one em- "Sounds like old times on the pire and ruled by one man. The ties range,"F. commented.

between Egypt and Babylonia are lieved definitely to have originated in "You are not so far wrong at that,"better substantiated every day, as in western Asia, and the earliest coronathe Professor replied. "These people

this recent article of Miss Kantor's. 38 tion ceremony that meets us in Egypt are driving cattle, with Pharaoh himQuite recently VycichI has argued on is found likewise in Mesopotamia, self usually described as 'the great

linguistic grounds that the Hamites though neither version is derived wild bull. 5 Take this for example:

entered Egypt from the East when from the other."43 'Greetings to thee, ox of the oxen,

Egypt was already peopled by a "Where do they come from then?"when thou makest the ascension (the

numerous and dense population of "No one knows. Here is a scholar whole things is here transferred to

the white race who spoke a Semitic who tells us that the original home the king at his funeral). O ye milk

language. 39 Even the students of preof the Nakada people (your Egypcows, ye nurse cows there, go around

history now hold that all the pretian predynasties) 'was not far from him....'(Pyr. 549550c.) He is

historic cultures of Egypt represent that of the Sumerians of Mesopo- 'adorned with the horns of Re, his successive waves of people speaking tamia,'but where that may have been apron on him is like Hathor....'

dialects of the same Semitic lanstill remains to be discovered. 44 Here (Pyr. 546a-b.) One thinks of the

guage. 40 And now we are being told is an indication of how things were famous Apis bulls, and indeed, in

that the language of the ancient stirring in the early days of Egypt: Pyramid Text 286e, the king catches

Libyans, which everyone has always 'Before the First Dynasty Asiatic visithe sacred Apis with a lasso. Of

believed to represent a prehistoric tors came to Egypt. At the founding course in his travels Pharaoh is most

native African or Berber element in of the dynasty, however, they came often compared with the sun, like

Egyptian, is practically identical with in numbers, bringing a high civilizawhom he moves over all the earth,

Akkadian, of all things."11 tion; they were relatives of the peoinspecting his domains in a course

"Isn't Akkadian the Semitic lanple who spread to Cyprus and the which is one eternal round: 'Behold,

guage of Mesopotamia?"F. inquired. Aegean.'After that, according to this thou art great and round like the

"Yes,"was the reply. "A few years authority, '... a new and highly "Great Round"; behold, thou art bent

ago it was called Chaldean. So competent people came to Egypt. around, and art round like the "Cireverywhere we turn the racial and These folk were quickly followed by cle which encircles the nh.wt (the

linguistic ties between the Egyptians yet another band of people who imuniverse); behold thou art round and

and the 'Chaldeans'are being tightposed their civilization on the Egypgreat like the "Great Circle which ened. 42 The cattle and the grains of tians in the Fourth Dynasty, only to sets."(Pyr. 629a-c.)

the earliest Egyptians are now bebe followed by several other groups (Continued on page 252)

APRIL 1956 245 by Archibald F, Bennett Solomon Mack

SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY and His Family

VII view of the village, and visited every place welfare of a young community they elected in it of any interest. There is an elegant him to the first legislative council of the

the year 1824, with his family millplace, onownedthe byClinton,Col. Mackwhichand passesMr. Sibley.this warnedTerritory.him Histhat advancedhe had butagea shortconstantlytime INwell established and housed in Its cost is estimated at $14,000. There are to remain with us, yet he stayed not his

Pontiac, he went to nearby Rochlikewise other hydraulic works established on labors and death found him striving to acin the stream the vicinity mill, in of the objects of theester, useful most and and built a sawmill and 21 complish these proprietors. are joint which gentlemen is loss permanent of such kind. The a mangristmill.

truly that of the are many public—and Stephen Mack was one of the first share the grief of the those who numerous For many years the family circle of

ofstockholders of Michigan, the Bank Stephen Mack had remained intact, family which:l he has left. (From The Detroit of its dioneand in 1826 became Gazette.)

for except of the marriages some of firstrectors. cashier of the bank The

the children. to death began Now 11, 1826, He died November and In 1825 McCloskey. anwas James

ranks. enter the (or Lavina Lovina), buried "was land the 's on on his ownexamination books of McCloskey

after arrival a year Detroit, her in east side of the river of south anddisclosed a of shortage $10,300.00

just the point of getting on A was marStreet. Pike The body was removed total the countsecond showed amount

ried, she stricken died, was when and to Hill Cemetery, crest the Oak on to tried cashier hand.on had The

as in recorded Detroit Gazette The hill of the that overlooks of the land hissquare taking accounts $10,- by in 1823. 8, September the which he first white was owner."of deposit from300.00 another

Frst Protestant of Societv The Deat his was, death, He over five months just at time. that$40,000.00, made

troit reorganized was 23, 24 January sixty of age. years arrested search a warrant and wasHe

articles 1825, of then adopted "and Stephen and Temperance officers out, but Bond could thewas made faith, fully sothe which committed the were parents Mack of twelve infind his neither house nor money to ciety the Presbyterian of govform daughters seize. three to andproperty Colonel was Mack children—nine It ernment."at that 25 time numbered sons. of for the defaulttheone bondsmen

eleven male and thirtyeight femaleing cashier. The bondsmen finally

members. Included the among memchild of Soloyoungest Mack, [ ucy proposition a that themade bank

bers the wife daughters were and two sueshould if a judgMcCloskey, Gates, and and Lydia Mack mon was of Stephen Mack: "Temperance

in born of against rendered the they him, townment was Gilsum, Cheshire 22 Lovisa Mack, Cooper."Mack, Fannywould pay half of the stolen amount. County, New Hampshire, July 8, Fanny, the eldest child, is stated to

This was accepted, and the cashier 1775. For nearly eighty years she

was proved guilty of embezzlement, so have died this same year, 1825. lived on earth, experiencing exquisite

Stephen Mack was busily engaged joy and tragic sorrow.the bank compromised with his in his many pioneering, building,bondsmen by taking onehalf of the Since herself she of told story the business and political activities, when

life,missing amount. her exists to no need to attempt his came. own call

Conflicting accounts remain as to His obituary expressed sincere apretell her wonderful life experience.

the effect this had on the financial preciation for the leadership he had Many of the incidents have already status of Stephen Mack. displayed in character and in colobeen mentioned in these pages.

the After Colonel's death, his sons Almon nizing: parents,She wascombininga true thedaughterinitiative,of heren-

M.,and administrators were appointed John

of his estate, which was involved in the November 14, 1826 (Tuesday). Col. terprise, and dauntless courage of her

collapse of the Bank of Michigan... Stephen Mack, a soldier of the Revolution, father with the culture and refineenterprising citizen, industrious an and and estate,Colonel entire Mack's except small a faith ment and sublime of her mother.

father, a kind this provident departed and for thedower widow, absorbed was in the Apparently all she beloved was by life last at Saturday Pontiac, in morningsettlement, left his heirs virtually were and associates, 20 her religious until prejuof age. the his year 72dpenniless.

Col. Mack has for nearly twenty years dice was aroused to incite hatred

Other accounts partially indicate residedtinguishedin thisfromTerritory,the massandofhashisbeenfellowdis- against her and her family.

his financial standing. In 18201822 citizens for his enterprise and the great The story of her marriage to Joseph

Stephen Mack was the owner of a utility of his views. It is owing to his exerSmith, Sr., while she was living in the

licensed vessel. The 1825 assessment tions more than any other man's, that the home of her brother Stephen Mack,

of Oakland County listed "Colonel first settlers of Oakland county were so soon has already been told. Returning

mills accommodated with useful other and visit toStephen a as possessing in her parents Mack"New sixty works. sacrifices His in profrom exertions and 20acres. in his journal, L. Cole J. interests the best moting of the county -Detroit Society new Genealogical for Research Magazine,

25. p.under useful he in Vol. been so had eminently date of May 25, 1882, gives this which there 24Again5,

settling organizing and to his endeared him actual ages. anddescription: is Wea discrepancyknow the betweendate of publishedStephen

birth Mack's to be 1766. 15, June (See ImproveThe fellowcitizens, confiding excellent and in his

Era, October 1955, 714.) page ment

matters judgment in all with the connected Records, 2EGilsum Vol. 1, p. 469; Tunbridge Town This morning at the request of a gentleman, whom we met in Pontiac, we took a "Ibid., Vol. 1, p. 470; Vol. 3, pp. 571, 574. Town382, 390;Records,NorwichBookTownA, pp.Records,117, 119,Vol.130,2; 140,Oakland371,

—Michigan Pioneer and Historical Collections, Vol. County, Marriages, Mich., Vol. 1, pp. 1, 2, 9; Salt

*>lbid., Vol. 39, p. 440. 1, p. 423. Baptismal Records. Lake Temple

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hampshire, they settled upon his severe cough. To relieve this, every possible me live, if I am faithful to the promise

"handsome farm,"tilling the soil for exertion was made, but it was all in vain. which I made to him, to be a comfort to

fever set hectic in threatened which mother, children."A husband, and to my my mya livelihood.

fatal, the physician prove I and pronounced to gain continued strength until I became 20 Four children were born to them to case be consumption. confirmed Durquite well as to health. bodily my my

while they lived for this first period ing this sickness my mother watched over in Tunbridge, Vermont. Their firstme with much anxiety, sparing herself no From Randolph they returned to

in pains administering comfort, to my child, practices a yet Tunbridge. diedborn daughter, soon The dishonest

to I continued grow weaker weaker and birth.after its rest of a trusted neighbor of the robbed them of names The I until scarcely footcould a endure even

of the children in the family then fall upon the floor, except in stockingfoot, all their property, and compelled follow in order: and no one was allowed to speak in the them to sell their good farm at

whisper. a above room

Alvin Smith was born February 11, 1798.... after soon which. my.. husband came Tunbridge.

1800. 9, Smith born February wasHyrum to took the bed and by and hand my me selling After the at Tunbridge, farm we 1803.Sophronia 16, Smith was born May said, wife! wife! Lucy! "Oh, you my my a only distance to short of the moved town 1805.Joseph Smith 23, born was December die! doctors given up, must have you The Royalton. resided Here few a months, we

13, HarrisonSamuel Smith born March was all live."say and you cannot then to again Sharon, moved Windsor 1808. I to looked then the begged Lord and county, latter In the place Vermont. my 10, 1810 was bornEphraim Smith March life to in pleaded spare with and him my of father, rented a husband farm which my 24. died and March I that order might bring children up my cultivated in the he school teaching summer,

1811. 13, SmithWilliam born was March to be comfort a and husband. mind my My in the this winter. In husband way my 1812. 28,Catherine Smith was born July agitated night. the was during whole much for continued years, laboring a during few

1816. Carlos 25, born Smith was MarchDon I Sometimes contemplated heaven and time our gradually circumstances which im18, 1821.Lucy born July Smith was things, heavenly then thoughts would my until proved ourselves found quite comwe

again. turn upon those of earth—my babes and my fortable

Sickness almost took the life of the companion. In the meantime we had a son whom we

young mother. Lucy writes: During this night I made a solemn covecalled Joseph after the name of his father;

nant with God that if He would let me live he was born December 23, 1805....

In 1802, our farm in Tun- I we rented to serve endeavor would according him thence to Tunbridge. Here moved We

... to thebridge of Randolph, to town and moved the best of my abilities. another had we we named Samson whom

a establishment. mercantilewhere opened In we mother a few moments came my in uel Harrison, 1808. 13, born March We lived

to this place came looking we she we had two and,When upon me, you said, "Lucy in this place time, to a short then moved children, Alvin and Hyrum. are better."Royalton, where Ephraim was born, March

I replied, been as but six in Randolph months just speech returned at my We had 1810. until here 13 (10), we We continued

I took instant, a heavy caused a that "Yes, cold, whichwhen let the mother, Lord will son, another had 13, 1811, born March whom we called William. 27

In 1811, we moved from Royalton, Vermont, to the town of Lebanon, New

Hampshire.... Here we settled ourselves

down and began to contemplate, with joy and satisfaction, the prosperity which had attended our recent exertions; and we

doubled our diligence, in order to obtain more of this world's goods, with a view to assisting our children when they should need it....

As our children had, in great measure, been debarred from the privilege of schools, we began to make every arrangement to attend to this important duty. We established our second son Hyrum in an academy

at Hanover; and the rest, that were of sufficient age, we were sending to a common

school that was quite convenient. Meanwhile, myself and companion were doing

all that our abilities would admit of for the future welfare and advantage of the family; and were greatly blessed in our

labors. 28

But severe and repeated sicknesses in the family, unseasonal frosts, and crop failures for three successive years compelled their removal to Palmyra, in the state of New York.

Notwithstanding our misfortunes, and the embarrassments with which we were surrounded, I was quite happy in once more having the society of my husband, and in throwing myself and children upon the (Continued on following page)

- aHistory of Joseph Smith by his Mother, Lucy

Smith, pp. 3335.

Lucy Mack Smith, mother of martyrs. Ihid.,-'Ihid., p.pp. 46.48, 51.

jV:....,..!,:::............::.;v.........:,................................:.:::.:........:..........:.................-...SS;::::: i::':;T--

APRIL 1956 247 SOLOMON MACK AND HIS FAMILY

(Continued from preceding page) ing thoughtful, easily governed, and of Prophet of God. And that confidence which

care and affection of a tender companion sweet and loving disposition, he possessed he soon reposed in his Prophetbrother reand father. the foundation principles of a good charmained unshaken throughout life. It bound

We all now sat down, and counselled toacter—filial affection, patience, endurance, them together in later boyhood and youth,

gether relative to the course which was best courage/"and it cemented their love in manhood.

for us to adopt in our destitute circumBound naturally to each other by strong stances, and we came to the conclusion to Joseph's own story of the First Vities of affection, they were thrice closely faith bound in the divine by their common unite energies our in endeavoring in visits to obtain sion of the spring the of 1820, truths revealed high. 03 from on of piece a done considerable land. Having of the the Angel Moroni, coming and

oilcloth at painting tables, coverings for forth of the Book of Mormon, is wellThe eldest living son, Alvin, had etc., I stands, business, did and set up the

extremely well. I furnished all the proviknown and need not be repeated the chief management in building for

sions for the family, and besides this, began here. An intimate picture of the famhis parents and family a comfortable

to replenish furniture, our in a household ily circle in those to their momentous days is home, happiness. to add But

short very time, exertions. by own my given Smith: by Mother after a sickness sudden he died,

his sons, husband and Alvin and My 19, 1823. November deathOn his set themselvesHyrum, to relate further particulars He proceeded to work2S> to pay for "I bed he admonished have Hyrum, acres of land. one hundred concerning appointed the work which he was

to do, and we received them joyfully, never done all I could to make our dear

In her History Mother Smith says mentioning them except among ourselves, parents comfortable. I want you to

regarding the early years of her son agreeable to the instructions which we had go on and finish the house and take

Joseph: received from him. care of them in their old age, and do

forth, this time continued From Joseph let not any more them work hard, as receive instructions the Lord, from and I shall say respecting nothing him are they old age."now in continued the to get children together until weto arrivedhe fourteen. at the age of However,

for every the of evening listening purpose I this in that aware readers some am of my of a singular was youth goodness I us while of a relation he gave the same. Iwill for disappointed, be suppose, from of so amiable, and that Alvindisposition—kind presume family our aspect presented as anquestions are frequently which asked me, filled lamentation and mourning the whole singular as that lived ever the upon it is Ithat thought shall that by be some in neighborhood resided. he which... A of face circle, the in seated a tell likely to incianyearth—all very remarkable many vast of concourse his people attended obfather, sons mother, daughters, and anddents but, which his attended childhood; sequies, very to seemed anxious who show giving the to attention most profound a as life nothing his occurred early during their for in us sympathy bereavement. our of boy, eighteen age, years never had who trivialexcept those circumstances are which if Alvin manifested, such could the be life; the read Bible his in through he seemed to that state of existence,common human case, greater zeal anxiety in to regard and less to inclined the of perusal much books I silence."in pass the that Record to had been Joseph, shown of rest of the than our children, any but

To this may be added the words of study.far more given to meditation and deep thansequenceany ofof whichthe restweof couldthe family;not hearin anycon-

said thing F. subject.President the Smith, upon a Joseph Whenever nephew

in were confirmed the opinion now We it of spoke the Joseph Record, would immeof Smith, Joseph Jr., grandson and a that to light bring to about was God somediately bring to all Alvin our minds, withof Smith: Lucy Mack thing upon which our could stay minds, we zeal, his all with his and kindness; and,

that or give a us would perfect knowlmore to looked his place, when realized we and of of the edge salvation plan is redempand there a fascination in sweet the To me it, that he gone to was from return no of tion the family. caused This human of hiscontemplation childhood youth. and life, in all this us more with we one accord

to greatly rejoice, the sweetestI union and love to contemplate the the innocence, and over loss, irretrievable our wept and we happiness house, pervaded our tranartless and It simplicity of his bears boyhood. could "not comforted, be because he was 32

34 quility in reigned midst. our thatrecord honest, he led that he was was not."

by the Spirit of God to perform his won-

...derful mission. firm friendship between A grew up In the founding of the the Church like children; other was his He much the brothers, two and Hyrum Joseph members of Lucy Smith's famMack likeplay that his of was companions; his Smith.

ily a leading part. likethoughts, had of those children, most Joseph were became

innocent, inand consequently he its was first Prophet President; and Hyrum of youth The Smith was Hyrum much ofcapable the knavery connivance and of his one became Counselors. Joseph like his of that of brother Both Joseph. histhat practiced. enemies declared he

Sr., Smith, first the chosen was patritheir them father worked with farm; the on his poor, Though parents honest were and

of both strong rural in to grew the them arch the Church, being succeededgood: it delighted truth, in the They and

of sports the countryside; of both them in that position at his his by death their live honest towas desire according

cherished the of were their tender care byto light the best within them. son and Love Hyrum. of William one became

It is mother, picture Lucy a pleasing Mack.

all will togood expression their in found first the of Apostles. Twelve Quorum to see in the father the sturdy trudgmindhearts actions, their and children were and Samuel H. distinction Smith the off ing had to the stalwart farm these with two like sentiments. withimbued were They

sons, faithful the while first stands in of mother the being of missionary thefirm in believers his in trusted God, and

... the door her cheery and goodbye. waves of Church. Three the over his children.watchcare had They family—Joseph rest Like of the the of family Josephfrequently received of his Sr., manifestations Smith, Smith, and Hyrum Samuel

.. Sr.,. religious. Smith, deeply was Hyrumloving in kindness, visions, dreams, and to privileged H. Smith were be among sister, Together his his with mother andinspirations, their and healed had God eight the witnesses Sophronia, joined saw and Presbyterians. the who Hyrumlittle in ones, prayer, to answer they when

his however, When, brother, younger Joseph, handled gold the and plates examinedwere nigh death. unto

declared that seen he the Father had God the from which Book of Mormon was It in such was that the an atmosphere Christ, in vision, Jesus and thrilled Hyrum translated. reared.boy was a remarkably was Joseph the truth with of the declaration. knew He

quiet welldisposed child his gave and who be continued) (To at spirit almost once the of inspiration by littleparents or trouble. as the no As early that his brother a favored Joseph was P. "'Osborne Widtsoe: J. Smith, Patriarch,""Hyrum of eight,age proof that besides he gave bein Genealogical The Utah Historical and Magazine,

F. Smith: 31Joseph 25. Doctrine, Gospel Chapter 1911, Apr. Vol. 2, p. 51. wIbid., 6364. pp. History of Joseph Smith by his Mother, Lucy History of his Joseph Smith Mother, by Lucy

Ibid., 67. p. 8283. Smith, pp. 8689. Smith, pp.

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

&SSJ&S: '--''''

... more dollars every minute!

Your RotoBaler captures tons more rolledin leaves, the most important source of nutritious protein for livestock.

Those leaves once lost in field and feedlot can tip the beef and milk scales strongly to the profit side for you this year. Go after

them! Roundbale hay the AllisChalmers way, with the baler that

pays for itself quicker; costs but a few pennies a bale to own

and operate.

That's the kind of modern hay tooling you need... on your

own farm. Be equipped... upto-theminute... with the last

word in weatherwise baling. Roundbale your own hay fast... on

time... in a leafpacked, sweetcured package that sheds showers,

can't buckle, selffeeds to cattle without waste. They lick up

every leaf!

The RotoBaler is lowpriced purposely for home ownership.

Your name tag on one at your dealer's now can start new hay dollars rolling your way.

NEW 1956

Rolls out more dollars per minute in Weather - Resistant ROUND BALES

A new, enclosed 4-wing Rotary Feeder is a new

RotoBaler feature for 1956. Located ahead of

the press rolls, with a new constantrunning V-belt drive, it is especially effective in handling abnormally bushy, fluffy windrows, particularly in strong winds.

A new automatic V-belt conveyor drive and springloaded idler, of simpler design, assures smoother, more positive conveyor operation.

ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION

MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN ROTOBALER is an AllisChalmers trademark.

ALLISCHALMERS APRIL 1956 249.

AS GENERAL ELECTRIC SEES IT..

The help America gets from

By that time, there will be 1 92 million people—and they'll need a trillion

kilowatthours a year to serve them

In 1955, Americans used more electricity than ever before in history—a record

high of 547 billion kilowatthours.

This is over 40% of the world's entire production of electric power.

And yet, in eight to ten years, we believe the nation will be using twice as much electricity as it does today.

The electrical industry has planned ahead for this growth; more than 2,600,-

000 people are already at work—in

producing electricity and in designing, manufacturing or selling the products which generate it and put it to use. And

thousands of others help supply this industry with the materials and services necessary for growth. General Electric

alone has over 40,000 suppliers.

On these pages are some of the reasons why we think the electrical industry will provide more jobs, better products, and a higher standard of living for everyone in the years ahead.

GROWTH OF ELECTRICAL EMPLOYMENT (Includes estimated employment in utilities, electrical manufacturing, electrical contracting, in the electrical wholesale and retail trade, and in electrical service arid repair.)

2,600,000

If you would like us to send a copy of our 1955

Annual Report, with an account of our preparation for the future, write to General Electric,

Department 2X119, Schenectady, New York.

Your copy will be sent to you early in April.

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA electricity can double by 1965

Electricity is "Today's Greatest Bargain."A dollar today buys Today's electrical products forecast tomorrow's. G. E.'s "Living

even more electricity than it did in 1939. Is it any wonder that the Kitchen"above is an example. More than 70,000 General Electric

average U. S. family now uses more than three times as much electric people are already at work on new types of products we didn't make

power as it did then? To help make this possible, General Electrics 15 years ago. And the company, along with the rest of the industry,

most efficient turbinegenerators today produce twice as much elecwill continue to make a substantial investment in research and tricity, per pound of fuel, as most power plants a few years ago. engineering—seeking new ways to make electricity more useful.

Electricity will work harder in industry. By 1965, the average The electrical industry is planning for the future. As a part of this

manufacturing worker can have at his command electricity equal to industry, General Electric has invested more than a billion dollars in the human energy of 500 strong men—34,000 kilowatthours a year. new plants and equipment since World War II. In the next three

By extending the productive arm of working men and women, years, the company expects to spend another $500 million to prepare electric power makes possible jobs requiring skill and judgment—for continued electrical progress—progress that will be shared by

helps create new industries and greater employment opportunities. customers, share owners, employees, suppliers and the nation.

Progress /s Our Most Important Product

GENERAL ELECTRIC APRIL 1956 251

There Were Jaredites White Star Tuna (Continued from page 245) great for snacks! both"Wasn'tthe sunthatandcircle,the coursewhichof wasthe

sun called by the Egyptians shenen?"

Your family and guests will enjoy making Blank asked.

their own combinations with this California Snack "Indeed it was,"the Professor answered. "In the earliest times it was

Tray, a favorite from our TUNA ROUND THE represented by a circle which later

NATION recipes for Party Surprises. For fine, became the cartouche, which is drawn

\ around of every Pharaoh. the name delicate flavor, the mix should be made only with

This says Gardiner is what about it:

White Star Tender Tuna Cuts. 'The Egyptians called the cartouche

shnw from a verbstem shni 'encircle,'and it seems not unlikely that the idea was to represent the king as ruler of all 'that which is encircled by the sun,'a frequently expressed notion. 4S The shni root is no doubt

the same as the universal Semitic root for 'year.'At any rate, the

Pharaoh goes about exploring the world, and every beautiful place where the sun goes, he finds the king already there before him. (Pyr.

919c.) In the evening a tent is prepared for him when he stops to spend

the night in his favorite places. (Pyr.

21 00a -c.) He sets boundaries to the

nations; he approaches the sea; he

advances from one nome to the next and makes sure that all roads are secure for him to travel. He even

makes expeditions across the water:

'when he traverses the foaming sea, destroying the walls of Shu.'(Pyr.

1121b.) 'Thou will not be resisted

at any place where thou goest; thy

foot will not be hindered at any place thou desirest to be.'(Pyr. 625c-

d.) The worst thing that can hap-

**5*J!V* pen to a great chieftain is not to be

able to travel. Thus when Re overcomes a rival, he says to him: 'Retreat into thy place, thy roads be

impeded, thy paths stopped up, be confined in thy place of yesterday!'

* on.on one thus And pronounces curse the on White Star groted

solt, him: 'His blows are decreed; he may |,-ir ', choppy ol mote not his courses this make earth on 7WR according to his will.'His touring is

at an end, but Pharaoh's world in- '... he comes TUA/ACIM spection never ceases:

again; he goes, he comes with Re.

v Guaranteed by w 7"His visited are houses him. by Housekeeping Good The thenW

V:*,..,vV seizes king (spirits or Kas people); molo.ondegghe frees Kas; he covers up evil; he

WMITEiifAK LookfbMhe spendsabolishestheevil;night,'he spendsand thenthe heday;is onhe

his again: his 'Nothing opposes way STYU Blonde CHUNK Merwid foot; restrains nothing heart.'his

label, the and on! lis r (Pyr. last 310c3IId.) This is not Pirate at the Ship

only a good description of a royal TU Restaurant in

Disneyland. progress but also explains the purpose of such, which is to correct ill

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

doing and put the realm in order, redressing injuries, and punishing upstarts. Here also we see the great

antiquity of the religious institution of the Parousia of 'Coming of the

Lord,'who lets his countenance shine first on one community and then on another. Deissmann saw that source

of the Christian Parousia doctrine in at its best...

Hellenistic Egypt, but here we see that it is far older than that. 50 When Makes 14 x 18 bales up to 42 inches long, sliced,

the king or the great lord visited a and twinetied to stay tied. Length and tension are

district, everybody enjoyed a holiday; adjustable to give desired weight and density for

all were on their good behavior and easy handling, continued curing. Sturdy Case knotreceived gifts and donatives from the ter seldom needs adjustment, cannot lose its timing.

"130"is operate so can almost simple anybody Thelord. can readily You see how the TWINETIE

it.. it. in cost farmer Choice can afford any so lowfigure lent itself to the expression of FARMSIZEJewish and Christian religious ideas."of PTO drive or aircooled engine.

"It is 'heroic'also,"Blank volunteered. archtype is the great "Who Makes 14 x 18 bales, adjustable for length. Double

heroes and wanderingof all your benefactors of the human race? It plunger first slices, then compresses hay to divide

is Hercules with his twelve labors—load and add capacity. Tying units are mounted

and surely I don't have to remind you in subframe, isolated from distortion. Wiretie

model makes only one twist per wire, "locked"of his identification with the sun passing through the twelve houses of TWINEOR-WIRE against bale. No wire clippings. Ties snug, without

drive or aircooled engine.the zodiac. It is a very ancient idea; BIGTONNAGE wirewasting slack. PTO

you will find it at home among the

Persians, Babylonians, Chinese, or Makes 16 x 18 bales up to 45 inches long, tied to

Teutons. Read Bernhard Schweitzer's stay tied with wire or twine. Wire twist is as strong

book on the subject."as wire itself. Supremely simple tying mechanism.

"Now that you mention that, there Wire moves over lowfriction rollers and hardened are some interesting descriptions of surfaces. Closeddrum pickup has easily replacethe royal and solar progress in the able teeth, adjustable strippers, floating wind guard. TWINEOR-WIRE

Book of the Dead here; for example, BIGBALE Choice of PTO drive or aircooled engine.

when Re visits each of the twelve shrines of the gods, their doors fly BUY NOW... PAY LATER...

Case Income Payment Plan open, and he brings them joy, 'and lets you pay for your baler when he has passed, the doors close when you have money comthe lament gods insideagain, and and ingaboutin.it today.Ask your dealer 1

departure.'"'hisbewail That certainly sounds like an authentic

Parousia; and so does this old hymn:

'When thou travellest, thou are acclaimed by us; life springs up to us

out of thy nothingness.... Proclaimed mightily art thou in thy

circuit.'"52

"Do you really think Pharaoh spent most of his time traveling?"

"It would seem that way. You

may recall the magnificent bedroom set of Queen HetepHeres, the mother of the king who built the great pyramid: It is all camp furniture—everything light, portable, and hooked together. It is the same with other

-7 like that ofroyal furniture, King ( Catalogs. here baler, the or write Check Case in margin Get Colorful kings EgyptianTutankhamen. Many that interests tractor you. or other implement Co., Mail to Case J. I.

definitelyare l| Racine, to have Wis. been Dept. D-446, known

I Baier FarmSize D "140"BigTonnage Baler "160"Big 16x18 Baler ji O "130"scholarsAsiatic invaders, and some suspect that many a 'native'king Acres you farm? Student?

had very little Egyptian blood inName, deed: by their portraits, their names, Address 'I

their behavior, the arms and customs, (Continued on following page) APRIL 1956 253 There Were Jaredites (Continued from preceding page) their friends and alliances, the bitter opposition to them of the nationalist party led by the priests, by their ideas of empire and their taste in dress and weapons, these Pharaohs betray an Asiatic and a heroic tradition right down to the last dynasties. 54 From

the story of Sinuhe, written about 2000 B.C., we can see how easily the

people of the desert and the steppe could overrun Egypt the minute a government lost its grip. One doesn't

have to imagine that—there is a

whole corpus of Egyptian literature that tells about it—the socalled

Lamentation literature."

"So we never lack the stuff of heroic literature?"

"Never. All this touring and inspecting was not a royal pleasure

trip: It is the familiar system of

keeping control over conquered like SUE, BOB AND thousands of their elders, have learned the truth about lands."the "lying allure of liquor."

HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the jects"Dodidn'tyou meanlike him?"that Pharaoh's subalcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about- "At first he had to be tough. He

Liquor to want to have no part of it? kept runners, messengers, and spies

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance at work night and day reporting to

Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE WHO him any signs of disaffection. (Pyr.

DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance company 400b402c.) He was the super adis 'his to ministrator: abomination for nondrinkers it possible for only, now makes to stop you paying

visto sleep; hates be tired.'he He for the save to drinker's accidents—and the at time. money same his in ited his places with a whip

If you are a nondrinker*, we invite you to investigate, and insure hand and a sceptre on his arm, and with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile insurance all fell on their faces in submission.

where your heart is—with the thousands of others who say, "No The war was over and now came the

Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an explanation occupation: 'The messengers of the

his go; runners blue -eyed Horus of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree drivers, return

is tell lifting to hasten up him who this coupon now.

...'his East. in (Pyr. the 253aarm

IMPORTANT—Norvdrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible. d.) Any sign of disaffection is immeFOR INFORMATION diately reported. 'Pay attention to WITHOUT OBLIGATION—ACT NOW—-USE THIS COUPON Geb, says this interesting text. 'If

MY AUTO INSURANCE thou payest not attention to him, his Name EXPIRES:

Address Month brandingiron which is over thy head

Dij. to thee!'(Pyr. will pay attention City State

Tear certainly grim 675a-b.) That is Occupation No. of Cars in Household

enough, and there are many like it: Hake of Car Year No. of Cylinders

Body Type and Model (Series) Anyone who earns his frown of disto instantly will approval put be

Use of Car: Pleasure and From Work..Miles—One Way D Business Q—D To will death, 'his not be athead

Circle of This PRINCIPAL Owner Car—ALL OTHER DRIVERS MYSELF (Pyr. 682d-e.) tached.'"DRIVER and 2.

Glv requested information "But a permanent cannot found you Age? about

violence,"F. protested, order "and on DRIVERS OF AUTOMOBILEall Sex? the Egyptian society was the most

stable in history."MtDM "Once he has won the day,

ACCIOIWSOF PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL Pharaoh settles down to govern

INSURANCE COMPANY exactly as many an usurping king 366 South 5th East—Suite 102103, Dept. 356 did in historic times. 'The agitations

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931 cease after they have seen N. dawnAmerica's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. Sam Morris, President ing,'the "Cannibal Hymn"says, (Pyr.

393c394a.) Now he becomes the

(Continued on page 256) 254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Share music with your child...

THE STANDARD SCHOOL BROADCAST

links your home to the classroom—with fine music!

NOW IN ITS TWENTYEIGHTH YEAR --2*2

Presented by STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

APRIL 1956 255 THERE WERE JAREDITES (Continued from page 254) revolt. He goes forth as the protector

civilizing subordinate of his divine of truth.'(Pyr. 316a-d, 319a-b.) By

father, whose authority and approval this beneficent activity he wins the he claims for all he does; he is 'the natives over: 'Those who were furigoer and the comer who reports his ous [now] busy themselves for him.

activities to his father; he desires to... (Pyr. 319c.) O gods of the South,

be justified in what he has done.... North, West, and East, respect N.,

He puts an end to battle; he punishes (Continued on page 258)

-jwma avii una oun5e\

am orrecuon Richard L. Evans

between people a cleavage who of inability another—because Our Prophets Sometimesshould bethereclose comesto one

either to give or to take counsel and criticism and correction and kindly.this problemParentsof andgivingchildrenand takingare oftencounselestrangedand becausecorrection.of

It isn't always easy to balance authority with love with those on whom we have the closest claims—-because people aren't

Principles perfect, and because proximity often sharply shows up imperfections. And parents often become impatient with chilanthol- is outstanding an This feel and with parents become impatient dren, and children

our Articles on of writings ogy well do pretty But parents don't understand. that they ancient and the of and Faith

latterday prophets who have understand. They understand many things. They underIncluded them live. made are stand causes and consequences—and the need for correction First Presicontributions by the

dency and the Quorum of the even if they can't always make counsel and correction comTwelve, as well as each of the pletely palatable to all concerned. Learning to give criticism

Church. of the Presidents

S. Bennion has and correction as they should be given, and to take them Elder Kenneth

contributed biographical sketches as they should be taken, is one of the greatest lessons of prophets. ancient of the of each aren't there essential, because of the most and one inlife are also biographies Brief counsel and need because people, we all and any perfect of the prophets the cluded on

L.D.S. Church, including Presicriticism and correction. We all make mistakes, and we all

in the First Counselors dents, Paneed to learn about apology and repentance. And the child Presidency, and Presiding

triarchs. A significant new book or the adult who thinks he is above counsel and correction,

for L.D.S. readers. $2.50 above apology and repentance, has an inescapable lesson to

learn. Parents have an obligation to give counsel and correction—and children (and adults and all of us) have an

to then to apologize and made repent—and mistakes—and

Parents and resentment. rankling to improve, without Deserei i obligationgo to take criticism and correction when we have on

children have urgent need to keep close to one another Book Co, and not withhold confidences and not shut off communication. There is no happiness or peace in living in injured

=x*= silence, and there is no safety in supposing oneself to be 44 East South Temple above counsel and correction. God help us in our homes

Salt Lake City and elsewhere also—to give and to keep confidences, and

correction counsel and constructive to take'give and find please Enclosed ( ) to Gentlemen:

. showing then.. and sharpness with betimes "reproving

) charge ( order check ( ) money thou of love toward him increase whom an afterwards forth to my account the following amount hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy,. "i

$ for copies of "Our Prophets and Principles."Jke -J)pol?'jan WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Name... PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 5, 1956 Address Copyright 1956

City Zone State g>!D & C 121:43.

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax. 7

&i 256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Grande New Home For A Grande Old Friend!

oc

FREIGHT and PASSENGER SERVICE CENTER HOTEL UTAH Corner Main and South Temple

Better for you... better for us! Your own

home railroad's new freight and passenger offices

at "The Crossroads of the West"... in the ground

floor corner of the famous Hotel Utah.

This ultramodern installation features the very latest

equipment and facilities... another forward step in

Rio Grande's continuous program to give you the

finest transportation service possible.

RiorGran&e

CT/eN.M. TO 5: f.M. DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

Pioneering in Progress for 86 Years

APRIL 1956 257 There Were Jaredites

(Continued from page 256) fear him... you who might have }mMe. come to N. as an adversary, come to

him now as a friend... (Pyr. 322a)

he will bring truth with him.'(Pyr.

323c.) Our Pharaoh, you see, is a

Everything it takes shrewd politician. He claims to be

the son of Geb, the old native god to be of the Egyptians, and to be acting under his express orders. He now

r", 'judges as a god after he has lisTOPS tened as a prince.'(Pyr. 347b.)

Instead of preempting authority, he 'summons the gods for the four regions to be brought to him, so that they may take the report of him to Re and speak favorable word about him UTOCO to Horus who inhabits the horizon.'

assemblies and takes a general cenGASOLINES (Pyr. 348a-c.) He calls great local

sus of the population (Pyr. 615c).

Balanced He makes himself accessible to all, for Top Performance declaringdeny 'the thatcomingit wouldof menbeto asthebadking,to

For All Cars in this Area the son of god,'as it would be to bar his own access to the assembly of the

MORE POWER gods. (Pyr. 1438b-c.) He is pleased

GREATER ECONOMY when men come to him of their own

Longer Mileage Cleaner Burning accord: 'to thee come the wise and

Noncorrosive the understanding...,'and they

OPERATION SMOOTHER Amiknock High No Vapor Lock freely invite him to visit them in turn:

Quick Starts * Smooth Acceleration Fast Warm Up t I 'Jrt.t'Thoupalace;art invitedto the tocomethe [thosesouthernof]

the full northern 'irt.t palace with a

For happiest motoring, stop at UTOCO stations salutation.'The world now gladly

—clean rest rooms recognizes his authority: 'Thousands

—finest, friendly service serve him; hundreds make offering

—highest quality motor oil to him. A certificate as of a mighty

—specialized lubrication great one is given to him by Sah,

father of the gods....'"

: utoco i (To be continued)

Atlas Tires and Accessories BIBLIOGRAPHY

S1K. Sethe, Urgeschichte und aelteste Re- -or*4 ligion der Aegypter, in Abhandlungen fur m die Kunde des Morgenlandes, XVIII, No. 4 You expect more from UTOCO and you get it! (Leipzig, 1930), p. 68.

:"G. A. Wainwright, "The Red Crown in

Early Prehistoric Times,"}nl. Egypt. Archaeol. IX (1923), 2633.

33Sethe, op. cit., pp. 6870.

\\ rr "Ibid., p. 69.

'Baumgartel, Prehist. Eg., pp. 4446. BURNED OUT:!"Sethe, op. cit., pp. 64, 68ff.

"Aiguptos: a Adams, J. Phythian

in Jul. Palest. Or. Soc. REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY Derivation"S7W. II (1922),

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, pp."TIelene95ff. J. Kantor, "Further Evidence for

ivith tremendous added expense before you find Early Mesopotamian Relations with Egypt,"another. ]nl, of Near Eastern Studies XI (1952),

Let us explain your need for ample insurance pp. 239250.

to cover today's higher values. 3DW. Vycichl, "Notes sur la prehistoire de

la langue egyptienne,"Orientalia 23 (1954), p. 222.

Zyhlar, cited by Baumgartel, op. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY cit.,40Thusp. 48.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City 410. Rossler, "Akkadisches undlibysches

Verbum,"Orientalia 20 (1951), 101107.

(Continued on page 260) 258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now! a utility tractor! HEAVY DUTY

EW INTERNATIONAL'

**&$? 300 UTILITY

Backfilling water line trench with loader on

Henderson, Texas, parkway widening. The

80foot trench—4 feet deep and 22 inches wide

—was dug with this backhoe on the International 300 Utility in 1 hour and 15 minutes.

BUILTIN STRENGTH TO Outpush, Outpull THEM ALL Up to 1,000 pounds more builtin weight gives the new International 300 Utility surepulling traction to keep going when wheels on lighter weight tractors slip or spin. You backfill, load, doze faster...

pull heavier loads to step up manhour output.

Above all, this builtin weight means greater strength and stamina to keep the 300 Utility on the job and cut downtime! New International Cub LoBoy gets in and out of

10 speeds forward with optional Torque Amplifier cramped quarters where bigger tractors can't work.

drive... the right speed for each job, from 1.5 to Save up to $1,000 compared with larger tractors...

use it on utility jobs such as mowing, clearing snow, 16.7 mph. Operator can boost pull or pushpower digging holes, spraying, sawing wood, mixing concrete,

up to 45% ON THE GO, without shifting gears! pumping, hauling supplies.

YOUR IH DEALER WILL DEMONSTRATE. Look in the classified telephone

nearest IH dealer today. Get firsthand proof that directory—phone your

you can cut job and upkeep costs with an International 300 Utility or

Cub LoBoy tractor. For specification folders, write International

Harvester Co., P. O. Box 7333, Dept. M-3, Chicago 80, Illinois.

SEE YOUR DEALERINTERNATIONAL HARVESTER International Harvester products pay for themselves in use—McCormick Farm Equipment and Farmall Tractors

... Motor Trucks... Crawler and Utility Tractors and Power Units—General Office, Chicago 1, Illinois

APRIL 1956 259 There Were Jaredites (Continued from page 258) BIND YOUR On "the common ancestry of the Semites,

ONLY Hamites, and IndoEuropeans,"J. J. Gelb,

in Jarfib. Forschung fur kleinasiatische I provement Eras 2336; parent (1951), on "the prehistoric

for years of future use Semitic,"C. S. Gordon, Ugaritic Handbook $*}003 language, which may be called HamitoII

(Rome: Pontif. Inst. Biblicum, 1947), p. 25;

cf. M. Frankfort, The Birth of Civilization

only 3>3op at gate,in the1951),Near p.East109.(London: Williams Nor43BaumgarteI, op. cit., p. 49; Moret, op. cit.,

DESERET p. "Baumgartel,190. loc. cit.

NEWS PRESS lennium4"T. BurtonBrown,History (London:Studies Luzac,in Third1946),Mil-

p. 93. 10Moret, op. cit., pp. 12, 201.

"Thus Pyr. 2100a-c: "O. 1ST., Horus has

woven his tent over thy head; Set has

stretched out thy be enclosed, canopy; O instruction reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate and valuable The

the divine father, by art brought tent; thou will be matter in The Improvement Era

close at hand in bound volume form for Up to 150 miles.43 there in thy beloved places."

future use if you have each year's 150 to 300 miles.49 4NGardiner, Eg. Gram., p. 74.

issues the Deseret handsomely by bound is Press. cost plus $3 The News neces300600 toto 1000600 milesmiles 5973 Papyrus4!,E. A.of NesiAmsuW. Budge,.. "On."Archaeologiathe Hieratic52 for issues 12 sary each postage bound.

All orders must be accompanied with 1000 to 1400 miles.88 (1890), pp. 535563.

payment in advance. Use the following 1400 to 1800 miles 1.06 50G. A. Deissmann, Light from the Anrate guide to determine postage costs. Over 1800 miles 1.23 cient East (N.Y.: Doran, 1927), pp. 368ff.

51Budge, Papyrus of Ani, I, 152.

52Budge, in Archaeologia 52, 460.

Deseret News Press Orientale,"The themeII, 502ff.is developed by Moret, Hist.

THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS ""See National Geographic, 1925.

31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

High Adventure (Continued from page 243) You'll also was in the last stages of repair—and

want to some not repaired.

visit: Colonel Cooke rode forth on his

MOUNT RAINIER horse. His army uniform was wellRecreation-filled kept, well -brushed, in violent connational park

trast to the ragged men under his

SUN LAKES STATE PARK command. He did not seem to noFishing, boating, tice their wretched appearance. With

golf pride his eyes swept the ranks—each

OLYMPIC company drawn up into a semblance

PENINSULA surf, of order behind its captain. His lieuOcean

giant trees, tenants, as an escort to him, sat their national park, horses easily. Their freshscrubbed,

Hood Canal newly shaved faces shone, and their

SPOKANE uniforms matched that of their Swimming, fishing nearby leader..

SAN JUAN To the notes of the bugle playing

ISLANDS "To the Colors,"the flag was raised wonder isles 177 feet above pole—forty for cruising,

Blossom time at the State Capital, Olympia the buildas a four -story swimming, on theearth—highliberty

salmon fishing Visit the flowerfilled ing—-its Stars and Stripes brilliant

against sky! WENATCHEE California the clear now STATE Home of WASHINGTON cleared his throat. The colonel He of the appreciation Fine cities, charming towns, all reflect Washington

Apple Blossom natural beauty that is everywhere in Washington State. read his last order:

Festival, Plan your vacation trip now. "The LieutenantColonel comMay 3-4-5

WASHINGTON STATE ADVERTISING COMMISSION manding congratulates the Battalion

Transportation No. 1567, Bldg. Room this their arrival safe of shore the on on TODAYfor SEND

Washington. Olympia, fullcolor booklet beautiful,

Pacific the the natural your FREE conclusend and Please Ocean me State picturing Washington

State. booklet color Washington on

attractions. vacation of their sion of thouover march two

asking: for the Yours

other describing booklets your special sand miles.

interest in; "History may be searched in vain

PHOTOGRAPHY RECREATION D of infantry. Half for an equal march and PARKS MOUNTAINS j1 CRUI5ING the ones want; you FISHING (Check (Continued 262) on page

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Announcing MM's tractor L/NED AjjQ the allnew

Go ahead! Look 'em over! You've got a right to be proud, because

these are the tractors you helped build

Here's the question MM asked thousands of farmers, county agents, agricultural experts, and farm machinery dealers... "What

should a new tractor give you to make farming pay better today?"

Then MM took the answers and turned them into one of the biggest advances in power farming history: the completely new Minneapolis-Moline outahead tractors... the POWERlined series.

Here are just a few of the many, many new MM advantages that make the MM POWERlined series all new from the ground up. For

your own profit future, be sure you get all the facts, NOW!

445 UNIVERSAL CLASS 40 HP WRITE NOW FOR FACTS ON THE OUTAHEAD MM 445

DIESEL GASOLINE, LP GAS & TRACTOR FUEL ENGINES -AT YOUR MM DEALERS SOON!

UTILITY EXCLUSIVE 3-POINT NEW 445 DYNAMIC NEW ras\w LHL1M AMPLITORC* HITCH CLASS 40 HP DESIGN! Revolutionary TimeSaving MM

The outahead DIESEL, LP GAS GASOLINE, SpeedPower hydraulic hooklook, POWERlined FUEL ENGINES Selector. & TRACTOR ups, control, 2-way

POWER NEW IMPLEMENTS NEW 'POWER! BLAZING STEERING* to Matched

with Steer a touch POWERlined Allheadnew engines.valvein- ground. on any

farming. j&,**:r ratiw?&W **j Equipment *Extra [;:*

INNEAPOLISMOLINE MINNEAPOLIS 1, MINNESOTA l%X4&ffki2J#&

APRIL 1956 261 year. We offer you good terms. These

HIGH ADVENTURE will be explained by Lieutenant (Continued from page 260) have discovered and made a road of Stoneman to those who are interof it has been through a wilderness great value to our country. ested. There is much work to be

where nothing but savages and wild "Arrived at the first settlement of done here to insure the stability of beasts are found, or deserts where, California, after a single day's rest, our government. There is good land,

for want of water, there is no living you cheerfully turned off from the and at the end of the year you will creature. There, with almost hopeless route to this point of promised rebe able to settle on your own farms,

labor we have dug deep wells, which pose, to enter upon a campaign, and long before settlers from the states.

the future traveler will enjoy. Withmeet, as we supposed, the approach You'll get the best land. Think it

out a guide who had traversed them, of an enemy; and this too, without over; we need you!"

trackless into ventured have saltwe to season even your sole substance "Dismissed,"shouted the adjutant.

1.. "tablelands found water where was not of fresh meat.

for several marches. With crowbar As he concluded the order, a The men walked back to their

and pick and axe in hand, we have mighty cheer came spontaneously camp. Jed heard talk on all sides

worked our way over mountains, from the assembled men; hats were as men discussed the proposition of

which seemed to defy aught save the thrown into the air; and for a moment the colonel. Should they stay and

wild goat, and hewed a passage all men gave vent to their happy emoestablish themselves, or should they through a chasm of living rock more tions in mighty shouts. now find their families and cast their

narrow than our wagons. To bring "Three cheers for Colonel Cooke,"lot once more with the Saints?

these first wagons to the Pacific, we shouted someone! Jed found Standage sitting on a

have preserved the strength of our "Hurrah! Hurrah! Hurrah!"The log in front of his tent quietly remules by herding them over large cheers were given with a will. pairing an old saddle. Long strips

tracts, which you have laboriously The colonel raised his hand; siof rawhide, thoroughly wet, lay

guarded without loss. The garrison lence fell on the men. across the log as he carefully sewed

of our four presidios of Sonora con- "Men of the Battalion. This contogether torn parts of leather to make

centrated with the walls of Tucson, cludes your year of service, and you the saddle usable. Cox was mending

gave us no pause. We drove them are now discharged from duty in the a holster; Jed sat and watched him.

out, with their artillery, but our interUnited States Army. However, the Standage finally spoke.

course with the citizens was unarmy still has need of you. If you "We've agreed we aren't going to

marked by a single act of injustice. will, I urge you to enlist for another enlist in the Army and that we're

halfnaked marching and halfThus, twenty be going home. There will

is wild animals, living uponfed, and quietly in our party. Each we a P.Lieut.C. Merrill,Colonel AdjutantP. St. George Cooke others

Conference Visitors

Have Your Eyes Examined And Cared For NOW... at Standard Optical

Your eyes are your most priceless possession, so take this opportunity to make sure they receive the expert care so necessary for continued good vision... and then make it a

point to visit the skilled Optometrists at Standard Optical regularly, once each year.

Remember too, by choosing your glasses at Standard Optical, from the largest selection in the West, you can look even more attractive with glasses than you ever did without them.

No appointment necessary... yet your glasses will be

ready before you return home.

PAY NOTHING DOWN. AS LITTLE AS $1 A WEEK

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.. OR YOUR MONEY REFUNDED

273 So. Main

Salt Lake City

OFFICES IN: OGDEN, PROVO, LOGAN, PRICE, IDAHO FALLS

buying animals, for the minute we announce our need, the price will or triple. to use two I aimdouble of INSPIRED to carry animals for packmy horses

the bedding and the grub and the tent. I am going to ride the mule.

I'm fixing this saddle so I can use it.There's still an extra horse. Jed, TEACHINGS

we'd like very much to have you join us if you'd like to. You can ride the

other horse....for every day living,

"Before you decide,"said Standby L. D. S. leaders. An

age, "there are two other things you asset for every library.

can do. You've proved you're a good

workman and strong and able, so you could enlist in the Army or you can go with us as far as Sacramento and then work your way down the river to San Francisco and eventually get a ship for home—that will be a

long wait, in my opinion—or you can

go with us and meet our people in the Rocky Mountains. That's what

we'd like you to do, if you care to. I

bought this horse extra just in case you decided to go with us."

Jed was touched by Standage's concern. He thought of his mother and "Paul's Life and Letters""Cherished Experiences

his home and his anxiety to see them Written by Dr. Sidney B. From the writings of David O.

once more. Sperry. Selected text on the McKay. Compiled by Clare

I said, "that think,"he you "Do life and Epistles of Paul. Middlemiss. Lovely gift. if I go to get able bemight home

with you?"3.00 3.00

"There is no doubt about it,"replied Standage. "As the wagon trains

of our people move west, there will *<** * be many groups going east on missions and to obtain supplies, and you can easily join one and get to the

Missouri River. After that you can

work your way to New York or Boston and take a packet ship home.

Think it over, boy, and let me know."

(To be continued) Inspiring stories of Pre s- Commentary on the Book Wonderful book for teenident McKay's closeknit of Mormon—a great help agers to read. Written

As A Lamp To My Soul family life. Brand new! for scholars, teachers, by Rex A. Skidmore.

(Continued from page 233) 3.75 5.W 2.75

and listen to both sides of any disZCMI D OO KS—Street Floorpute before I passed judgment. Her

going out with a heavy basket and coming in with it empty disturbed Mai I orders to:

me frequently. Who, I pondered, MARGOTSalt Lake MANNERS,City 10, UtahZCMI ZCMI carries a

could be hungry in this fertile valPlease send the following books: complete I ine of

ley? And then I learned that she Qu an. TitU Price geneologi cal

did not always carry food. Someneeds and supplies

times it was clothes, sometimes it was of the regardless always, wool, and Cash LJ Charge Q C.O.D. D

lay of the basket, the Bible contents in the bottom. But only those who Name

, loved the word of God or wished to Address

State Zone.... City to fully it explained them more have

fo e a ch book. Utah Include 12 postage

of the part the Bible was ever knew State Tax. 2%r residents add

basket. I learned about it when I lay

sick with a fever, and Mrs. Gusty

came with a jar of fresh, cold butter - (Concluded on following page) APRIL 1956 263 AS A LAMP TO MV SOUL consideredwife, who, queerno doubt,becauseis ofsometimesthe bas- (Concluded from preceding page) With that I felt her body relax in ket she persistently carries. But only

milk while my mother was attending my arms, and a moment later her those who have profited by the visits to the morning chores. great spirit had gone. She died of a I carry on in memory of a precious

"Remember now thy Creator in malignant disease of which no one friend know what the contents are, the days of thy youth, while the evil dreamed. and through it find, as I did, a lamp

days come not, nor the years draw Now I am a successful farmer's for the soul.

nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them,"she read softly. ssNSvvSSii

Then, the Bible back into its accustomed place, she went about her business. But the message lingered, Jhem id no riakt vuaa

and like many another person to whom she had read that blessed book, according perhaps to their need, I a wrona thina found myself looking to God with a new light. Richard L. Evans

Three years in college followed the high school graduation diploma, with Hardly does it seem possible that a twelfth part of another short vacations in the valley. Yet year already has passed. But however swiftly or slowly

the minute I had exchanged greetings time goes, it is still and always happiness that we pursue, with my beloved parents, and inwhether we know it or not, whether we recognize it or not.

spected my own lovely room, I found But with poor decisions or thoughtless acts or utterances, myself rushing across the green some of us sometimes seem to clutter and confuse our lives meadow to the Widow Gusty's home. so much so that others wonder how we could do it. The

It was during those short visits mistakes of others may seem plain to us, especially after they that is, on second sight. But ourthat I learned what a stimulus the have made them—plain,

Bible was. As clear as day, the rules own mistakes don't always seem so plain, at least not before

for right living were laid down. It the moment of making them. They may seem plain immewas up to me to observe them and diately after. And a constant question of those who find

prosper by the observation. Because themselves in avoidable difficulty is this: "Why did I do

of that contact, my courage stood the it?"A constantly recurring cry is this: "I don't know why

test when temptations surrounded me. I did it."Our failures are not planned. We don't deThen came the day in my life liberately set out to upset our lives. We don't deliberately

when I stood before a cheering crowd seek unhappiness. But we do sometimes set our hearts on

in cap and gown. I was proud of things we shouldn't have or seek some things we shouldn't

the prestige I carried in the school, seek. We do sometimes pursue the wrong things—or purproud of the faultlessly groomed parsue the right things in the wrong way. We take chances

ents who stood when I received my and cut corners, and ignore the warning sense within us.

diploma. Then suddenly my eyes We are entitled to direction, in many ways, and we do (or

wandered out into the audience, and can) have flashes of perception that we should live for my heart seemed to stop beating for and look for and not ignore. This quoted sentence com-

a space. There, far back and well in mends itself for earnest consideration: "There is no right

the left corner, I saw a familiar way to do a wrong thing"1—and this we would well refigure in a gay print dress with a member whenever we are tempted to cut corners or to set

wicker basket on her arm. safe standards aside. Sometimes we may think that we see

The thought of what my friends an acceptable shortcut. Sometimes we see others who seem

might say when they learned the to have found what they want (or what we want) by travelstranger in their midst was there on ing a wrong road. But if we think so, it is simply because

my account flashed through my mind, we don't know enough; because we haven't seen the end;

and instantly a flash of shame covbecause we don't know all the answers; because we don't

ered my face, then just as quickly know what they are carrying inside themselves. We cannot

vanished. And breaking out of line, be sure that others have what they seem to have. We cannot

I went running toward that lonely know fully the price that other men pay. We cannot know

figure. fully the peace or satisfaction (or accusation) that others

I knew the eyes of the whole class have inside themselves. But no matter what anyone else

were upon me, but I had no feeling has or seems to have (and no matter what we ourselves of shame as I went into the arms outhave or haven't), this we can count on: "There is no right

stretched toward me. way to do a wrong thing."1

"I never really expected you to come,"I whispered. Zlhe Spoken U/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

"I had to come,"she said softly. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

"Time wouldn't wait. I—I brought SYSTEM, JANUARY 29, 1956

Copyright 1956you the basket—and—and to make

a request—that you carry it on in 1Author and source unknown.my place—

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LISTEN while you work!

KSL radio is your constant... yet companion wherever you go

doesn't steal any of your time!

You can listen while you work KSL radio

APRIL 1956 265 a

Ezra laft Benson * Gainof collegea full quartercredit (Continued from page 238) in Logan, provided fine homes for his with all the three families, traveled twice around vacation extras the world, filled four missions for the

Church, and assembled one of the

FULL QUARTER best libraries and collection of oil

June 1 1-August 17 paintings in Utah.

Flora's mother, Barbara Smith FIRST TERM Amussen, was forty -two years younger than her husband. Born in Tooele,

June 11July 13 Utah, of Scottish pioneer parents, she is described by those who knew

Attend Summer School SECOND TERM her as a "noble and angelic soul"—

At Brigham Young University July 16August 17 womandied at thewithoutage ofguile.seventysevenHer husbandwhen

their youngest daughter Flora was only a year old. Sister Amussen reared

Enjoy These Advantages her family of six as a widow with

SPECIAL FEATURES OF tenderness and unusual understandof Summer Study at BYU 1956 SUMMER SCHOOL ing. The intimate and loving relaRecreation—Full program of outings, tionship between herself and Flora

athletics, scenic dances, the Wasatch and trips. Language Arts Workshop for explains in considerable measure the brief for near at Mountains hand

Laboratory Schools—Full program for Elementary and High School ideal home life that is found today in

elementary and secondary school students Teachers, June 11July 13. the Benson home.

in schools operated by the Brigham Young Secondary School Mathematics Ezra found the competition keen, University College of Education.

Advancement Opportunities—Many stuWorkshop, July 16Aug. 17. for, in addition to her background

Flora personality, in less finish college four than her winsome and dents now

Junior Curriculum High School of taking advantage years Summer by the star on was a tennis Amussen 13. Workshop, June 11July will find special helps Teachers School.

for certification. campus, president of the Girls'AthCulture—Thrilling summerlong series of Workshop in Exceptional Child, letic Club, a prizewinning student

concerts by finest artists in music, drama, June 11July 13. actress, vice president of the USAC

dance. of the Junior body, chairman Music Festival, June 11 -Aug. 11. student Devotionals Church Genand Lectures—

in leader a and Prom committee, religious scholars, Authorities, eral and experts in many fields speak in outstandMusic Clinic, July 23Aug. 4. many other activities. But Ezra

ing programs. assembly BYU his and courtship with tact pressed July 1314. Hike, Timpanogos Faculty Distinguished Nationally famous—was determination. he Doubtless

visit will teachers to able augment and 1822. June Leadership Week, Flora's great confidence the artists faculty. Visiting resident adequate aided by

also conduct classes. Theater Workshop, June 11July mother came to place in him. In

CLIP AND MAIL 13. 1921 this "inspirational and soulSchool To: Director of Summer

desatisfying courtship,"as he once University, Brigham Provo, Utah Young RehabilitaSpeech and Hearing a misscribed it, by was interrupted of charge Sumyour Please send me free 17. tion Clinic, June 11Aug.

mer School catalog. sion to Great Britain.

NAME Business Education Workshop, For two years Ezra preached the

ADDRESS June 1122. gospel ardently. In Newcastle, where

I am especially interested in he became president of the conference, he dressed in the plain clothes of a workman while preaching to the unemployed on the streets. The affection he won is indicated by recent

reports from Newcastle that people still refer to him as "Our Benson."

Not all of those who heard him were

For those who wish to bind their copies of the 1955 ERA favorably impressed, however. On

one occasion he and his missionary the index is now ready companion barely escaped a mobbing.

(Please include a 3c stamp with your request) Throughout his two and a half years in England he corresponded with Flora Amussen. On his return

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hetle wasdowneageron theto getfarmmarriedwhereandhe setin- 50 North Main Street tended to spend his life. Flora conSalt Lake City 16, Utah sented on both points, but her idea

of the timing of these events was rather different from his. She had

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA come to see in Ezra Taft Benson all the qualities she admired. She was GET RID OF UGLY

attracted by his clean and honest living, his wholesome manner, hissincere faith, his hard work, his desire CRAB GRASS to learn and to help his fellow men, and his determination to move ahead in the world. She was convinced

ideal anthat he would make finished husFERTILIZE SS yet not butband, he had his education.

With remarkable resolution for a young woman of twentytwo, she talked quietly with her bishop, expressing her desire to go on a mission, hoping that in the meantime "T"would finish college. She believed

that his college degree and her mission would better prepare both of them temporally and spiritually, for future responsibilities. She realized

years—thatthat he mighthedecidemightnot changeto wait twohis

mind—but she went ahead anyway.

If their love would not stand this test, perhaps they were not meant for each other. She spent twenty months

doing missionary work in Hawaii.

Again letters were exchanged, and

Flora felt that her prayers had been answered when he wrote her that IMPROVED he had obtained his degree with honREDUCED WEIGHT: A forty pound

ors from Brigham Young University eightybag treatsused theto. same area as an

and accepted a scholarship to Iowa AR76proved ANDwith CHLORDANE:the high poweredPAX iscoimState College. Incidentally, he had CHLORDANE.b motion of ARSENICPAX isALS,moreAR76effectiveand

also been designated the "most popuin killing Crab Grass seeds than lar man"at BYU. In reply to one everPANACALITE:before. PAX fertilizes and imof his letters, Flora said she would be proveswith enoughall desirableNITROGENlawnplantgrassesfood

happy to go with him to Ames and foradopteda fullPANACALITEnormal feeding.to conditionPAXlive on the seventy dollars a month your soil.

his scholarship provided. They were PROVED TO BE 85% TO 100% EFFECTIVE IN CONTROLLINGmarried in the Salt Lake Temple on CRAB GRASS MENACE.September 10, 1926, and left the same

day for Ames, carrying all their pos- 1. APPLY FALL OR EARLY SPRING: PAX CRABGRASS AND SOIL PEST CONsessions in a secondhand Ford pickTROL has proved 85100% effective in killing crab grass seeds. It's seed

up truck and camping out at night killing ingredients remain on the surface to kill seeds that ripen and fall under a leaky tent. after application in addition to those on the ground at time of application.

On her marriage, Flora gave most 2.againstONE reinfestationAPPLICATION:of crabPAX grassCRABGRASSfor a yearANDor SOILlonger.PEST CONTROL protectsof her share of the inheritance from

her father, to her mother, who had 3. FERTILIZES AND IMPROVES BLUEGRASS: PAX CRABGRASS AND SOIL

suffered financial reverses, and to a PEST CONTROL contains ample nitrogen plant food for one full normal lawn missionary fund to be used later for feeding.

her sons. At Ames the young couple 4. EASE OF APPLICATION: PAX CRABGRASS AND SOIL PEST CONTROL is as

supplemented their meager income easy to apply as any ordinary fertilizer.

with vegetables from the experimen- 5. CONTROLS MOST COMMON SOIL PESTS: PAX CRABGRASS AND SOIL

tal farm. At the end of the school PEST CONTROL, as a plus benefit prevents turf damage from night crawlers,

year, Ezra had received a master's lawn moth larvae, earwigs, ants, grubs and cutworms.

degree and had been elected to GamKELLY-WESTERN SEED DIVISION ma Sigma Delta, the honorary society 580 West 13th South, Salt Lake City 4, Utah of agriculture, and Flora had taken pletePleasefactssendon "Howme, withoutto get costrid ofor Uglyobligation,Crab Grass."the comspecial classes in home economics.

Name In the spring of 1927, a period of agricultural depression despite the Address booming prosperity of the nation as City State a whole, they moved to the farm in (Continued on following page) APRIL 1956 267 EZRA TAFT BENSON draftedcultural himAgent.to serveIt aswasCountyagreedAgrihe

(Continued from preceding page) to manage the household on a meager could continue to operate the farm, southern Idaho. Ezra and his brother allowance, to cook for the threshers, but this Ezra thought unfair, and the

Orval had purchased the family farm and to meet every problem or emernew job was so demanding that he in 1923 while values were still ingency with calm assurance that everymoved to the county seat and gave flated, and they had a struggle to keep thing would work out for the best. his whole time to it.

up the payments. Nevertheless, they Ezra and his brother were still in Later when the farm partnership

loved farming as a way of life. partnership when Orval was called was dissolved, he found himself in

debt because of depressed farm prices Flora adjusted quickly to her new on a mission in the fall of 1927—the

environment. Her chief interest in farm income financing the mission. and the cost of his education. This

life was to support her husband in After Ezra had been on the farm only took years for the young couple to his work and his Church activities, to a year and a half, however, his Paymake a happy home, and to rear a neighbors found him so useful that As county agent, young Benson family of fine children. She learned the county commissioners literally helped his neighbors to improve their

stock, to rotate their crops, to kill off the cropdestroying rodents, and to organize cooperatives. Under the

GIVES MORE FOR stimulusof the areahe multipliedsupplied, thetheir4Hmember-clubs fivefold. successSo

that in years YOUR SEATING DOLLAR! shipful weremorehisthanefforts two

More Comfort, Longer Life he was summoned to Boise as extenAssured Through CLARIN Engineering sion economist and marketing specialist at the University of Idaho's

College of Agriculture.

rubber Patented feet Out of this work came a convicbrass plated molded over wear prongs many times tion that farmers could save money, accidentally longer... can't

drop out floors.... Easilywill neverreimprove their marketing and greatly gouge

moved if required. advance their welfare through cooperatives. This belief became the

central of Ezra Taft Benson's theme "neutral"a have seats Wood

... won't contemperature agriculture. thinking about

heat. body Wood duct away

"softer"physiologically is hardVV At Boise he helped to organize the steel. Fiveply than

wood won't dent or bend. Idaho Cooperative Council and became its secretary in 1933. One of

is superior X-type frame in the campaigns for which he was

Y-type to cheaper strength design... is selfleveling largely responsible made the Idaho

extreme absorb and will shock. Seat be Write for complete potato famous throughout the land. may safely

stood upon. catalog on the only In the five years that he held this

line complete post, the Idaho Cooperative Council

CLARIN saves you money three ways! became one of the most alert and

1. Longterm economy backed by an unrivalled ten year guarantee! progressive organizations of its kind

2. Less storage space required as CLARIN Chairs fold in the country. Not satisfied with

completely within their oivn frames! his own qualifications, Ezra Benson

3. Saves two out of every five storage trucks! took time out for graduate work at

MANUFACTURING CO. theBerkeley.University of California in CLARIN Dept. 65, 4640 W. Harrison St., Chicago 44. III. Even in his busiest years, he worked

in both ward and stake Sunday School organizations, and in the

Let Us Demonstrate The CLARIN Folding Chair Association.Young Men'sWarmingMutual youngImprovementpeople

WE ALSO SELL to the Church was his hobby. As HeywoodWakefield Choir Seating

Church Pews Folding Partitions scoutmaster in the Whitney Ward,

Flannelboards Blackboards Stage Curtains he built up a troop that is still rePaper and Janitorial Supplies membered for its exploits and the inMimeograph & Ditto Machines fluence it exerted on the lives of its

Sold by members. A chorus composed of

twentyfour Scouts and directed by a future apostle won a stakewide contest and went on to compete success- & SUPPLY COMPANY fully with six Cache Valley choruses

SALT LAKE * OGDEN * IDAHO FALLS inElderthe LoganBensonTabernacle.has continuedTo thishis dayinterest in scouting and is a member

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

of the National Executive Board of Washington, D.C., Stake, and the new life, my religious philosophy."He

the Boy Scouts of America. In 1955 job would take him away from the promised to let Mr. Teague know

he was awarded the honor most apcapital. On his trip to the West, he when he reached a decision.

—thepreciatedSilverby Buffalo.scouters theIt wasworlda greatover visitedof the CharlesNationalC.CouncilTeague,ofPresidentFarmer theIn adviceSalt Lakeof City,Presidenthe hopedDavidto getO.

thrill to him when his sons Reed and Cooperatives, at his home in Santa McKay of the First Presidency.

Mark became Eagle Scouts. Paula, California. As they left, Mr. When he telephoned to President

In 1932 Elder Benson became Teague said, "We know you've had McKay on July 26, 1943, the latter superintendent of the YMMIA in opportunities to go elsewhere, but said that President Heber J. Grant

Boise Stake, three years later first we want you to stay with the NCFC. wished to see him. Sister Grant welcounselor in the stake presidency, and All you need to do is to name your comed them and said that the Presiin 1938, while still in his thirties, figure."Elder Benson replied that dent was waiting in the bedroom.

president of the Boise Stake. Bringing he did not wish to leave the work he Still weak from his illness, he was

to the stake the same energy, devowas doing. "I love the cooperative lying down. As Elder Benson aption, and organizing ability that he movement,"he said. "I believe in it. proached the bed, President Grant

gave to the cooperative council, he It squares with my philosophy of (Continued on following page) won the attention of the Church Authorities in Salt Lake City.

At the age of thirty -nine he was asked to go to Washington for consultation with the heads of the National Council of Farmer Coopera- tives, which speaks for 2,500,000 farmers and 5,000 coops throughout the nation. After looking him over

and questioning him, the board of trustees offered him the position of executive secretary of that organization, a direct tribute to the work he had done in Idaho. Though he was

thrilled by this unsolicited bid for his services, he did not wish to accept it. As he understood it, the job would

entail lobbying by the use of cocktail parties, which would not be compatible with his religion.

"Mr. Benson,"Judge John D. Miller, head of the group, replied, "that

is why we selected you. We know

what your standards are."With full

assurance from the board that he Extra comfort..

would not be expected to seek an understanding of agricultural probextra pleasure..

lems over cocktail glasses, he was deno extra fare t lighted to accept the position, but only after consultation with the First You travel relaxed arrive refreshed* Take

Presidency and his wife. your choice: sleeping cars with varied accommodations... or

Washington broadened his view of recliningseat coaches. Distinctive dining cars... serving

agriculture to national proportions. delicious meals.

Soon he was speaking as authoritaDAILY SCHEDULES tively and convincingly of national VistaDome California Zephyr leaves Salt Lake City 6:00 am

farm problems as he had previously... arrives Denver 7:00 pm... arrives Chicago 1:00 pm

spoken of Idaho and intermountain The famous Denver Zephyr leaves Denver 4:00 pm..

farm problems. In five "happy, profarrives Chicago 9:00 am. (Connecting service leaves Salt Lake

itable, neverto-beforgotten years,"City 5:30 pm)

he won the confidence not only of the The Texas Zephyr leaves Denver 12:01 pm... leaves Pueblo

great farm organizations but also of 2:31 pm... arrives Ft. Worth 6:00 am... arrives Dallas 7:1 am.

legislators, government officials, and (Connecting service leaves Salt Lake City 5:30 pm)

business leaders. ffrjJZibyof

H. J. WALTH E R, General Agent BMyrs

In 1943 a large regional coop of21 8 Kearns Building fered to multiply his salary by more Phone: DAvis 2-5519

Salt Lake City, Utahthan three—a figure that shocked

him. Elder Benson waited until he

could discuss it with the -Brethren in

Salt Lake City. For three years he

had been the first president of the

APRIL 1956 269

GET READY Ezra(ContinuedTaft Bensonfrom preceding page}

FOR tookand seemedhis rightto lookhandintoin thebothdepthsof hisof his soul. "Brother Benson,"he said,

1 congratulate to atSPRING PAINTING! you"withandall praymy God'sheart blessings

COLORSTYLING - exterior and tend you. You have been chosen as

of the Church."pomtcdM interior—is definitely here to the youngest apostle 1

for stay!... made possible by BenTaken completely by surprise, Ezra

nett's Colorizer Paints. There's Taft Benson felt as if the earth beOUTSIDE or INSIDE one for every surface in your neath him were sinking. Many times

choice of 1,322 Colorizer Colors he had felt a longing to spend his or hundreds of Bennett's Deepfull time in Church work, but he tone Colors. See your Bennett's had not dreamed of high office in the

dealer now. Ask him for the Church although it was learned later

colorstyling folder, beautiful that passed his motherin-law, who Paint Colors "Those New, New premonion before his calling, had just Decorators,"for WeekEnd filled with new ideas—practical, tions of his appointment. He put aside

upto-theminute color suggescompletely thoughts of the new job tions in real paint chips. that he had come to discuss with the

Brethren.

The Bensons were for the first time in their married lives out of debt, havQvlfftXtyU* PAINTS ing just completed the payments on their home. This represented all

their material accumulations since their marriage, with no opportunity 65 W. 1st South - 21st So. & 2nd West for any savings to be put aside. The

and Bennett's branches and dealers in the children all agreed they must work

Intermountain area and Southern Calito put themselves through college.

fornia. This was no new experience for the

Bensons and their family. They

would continue working hard a they had always done.

Elder Benson was sustained in his a wMfc new position by the priesthood leaderOxford Bible ship and membership of the Church at the October conference in 1943.*

HOVX.'BVBVE is the perfect seasonal gift He was ordained and set apart by

President Heber J. Grant on October

7th. His first address as an apostle

gives us an indication of the spirit 135x The Scofield Reference Bible. White in which he took up his ministry. He

began by saying:

French Morocco, limp, gold edges, gold roll, with concordance, maps, and the exMy beloved brethren of the priesthood, is filled gratito overflowing with into look *>&#*>*** clusive Scofield system of samepage notes mytudeheartas I your faces this day and helps. Family Record. Gift Boxed. a day which I shall never forget.

I am grateful beyond any power of ex01152x Oxford India Paper edition: 4% x 7% 6 x

%". $15.00 pressionto me andfor particularlythe blessingsforwhichthe greathave honorcome

01152x Ruby Text Bible. White French Morocco, limp, washable, yourthat hasnumber.come I toloveone thisof thework.weakestAll myof

silver edges. Marriage Certificate. Gift Boxed. Oxford India Paper edilife I have had a testimony of it and a

tion: 3 5/s x 5% x 5/s ". $5.75 lovethe priesthoodfor the leadersof God.of theI knowChurchthatandit foris

03282x Onyx Concordance Bible. White Moroccoette, half circuit, truemake andis toono greatsacrificefor thatthis wonderfulyou and I workcan

washable, gold edges, center references, maps. Presentation Page. Oxford in which we are engaged.

India Paper edition: 4% x 6% x 5/s". $6.50 With the farewell blessings of Mr.

More than 200 styles in 8 colors priced from $2.15 to $265.00 Teague and the Executive Committee

At your booksellers of the National Council of Farmer

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc., 1 14 Fifth Ave., N. Y. 1 held*Thisby wasthe oneChurchof theduringlimitedWorldgeneralWar conferencesII. Only

Elder attend. three however, months, to Within

the calling at sustained in had been his new Benson Timers ofttwAtkrrizedXty T<<*Mle since 1675 [Oxford the priesthoodleadership of the Church were invited quarterly stake conferences.

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cooperatives, Elder Benson severed his connection with that organization for your savings the following May and was presented scroll referred awith framed which as in his / peer withoutto him "a man field of activities."

after the end months A few of you get both at Deseret Federal! II, Elder Benson wasWorld War

chosen to restore contacts with the For a halfcentury, Deseret Federal has consistently paid

Saints in Europe as president of the the highest earnings commensurate with safety...

European Mission. His task was to currently a profitable 3%, the highest rate paid in Utah

organize the shipments of clothing, on Insured Savings. Take time to compare... if your

food, and bedding for the Saints in savings are not earning at this maximum rate, with

Europe, to reorganize the missions, guaranteed safety, it's time to start saving at the old to prepare the way for new missionreliable Deseret Federal.

aries from the United States, and to restore the bridge of spirituality beSafety agencyEach accountof the insuredU. S. Government.to $10,000 by arttween the Old World and the New.

Elder Benson arrived in London on Earnings Currently a big 3%, the highest rate paid

February 4, 1946, only three weeks in Utah on insured savings.

after his appointment had been an50th To Commemorate our 50th Anniversary, nounced. On the following Sunday anyone who opens an account of $100

Anniversary or more is entitled to receive a precisionhe held a conference of the joint branches of the London District. On Gift built flash camera free upon request.

Monday he flew to Paris to purchase vehicles for the distribution of food and supplies. Current Rate On Insured Savings

During the next two weeks Elder Compounded SemiAnnually

Benson also visited the Netherlands,

Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian missions, often changing trains several times in the course of a day and taking to Army trucks to get across rivers where railway bridges had been bombed out. Elder Benson conferred

with dozens of Church and civil leaders, arranged for the distribution of food, and surveyed the spiritual conditions of the missions and branches. In March he began another tour, this time holding many

conferences.

Before entering Germany, Elder

Benson had wondered what kind of JOS. E. KJAR

reception he would have. The answer President

to his anxiety came at Karlsruhe C. H. TINGEY

where a group of Saints prolonged Vice President their meeting in a partly bombedout building for two hours waiting for him to arrive. When the happy

reunion finally took place, almost the entire audience was in tears. As this

was the first time in six or seven years they had had an opportunity to greet a representative from Churchheadquarters, they insisted that the A Siamp Amymeeting be extended and that, at the tfjust conclusion, everyone should have an Mail To

- Division Extension Home Studyopportunity to shake the apostle's

University Brigham Young BYU Home Study before leaving.hand Provo, Utah 240 Courses Offered

Permission to enter Germany had Regular BYU Faculty been most difficult to obtain. The University Credit Name

occupying military authorities had Street laid down a rule against the admitBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY City and State tance of anyone not connected with Extension Division - Home Study YoungPleaseUniversity'ssend me HOMEwithoutSTUDYcost Brighamcatalog.

(Continued on page 282) PROVO UTAH

APRIL 1956 271

Melchizedek Priesthood

ings,"outlined in detail what business

Melchizedek Priesthood Reports (Continued) should be carried forward by Melchizedek Priesthood presidencies in of the thirteen each quareach weeks Explanation thereby rob each Sunday of Monthly Quorum meeting and ter their in council meetings. weeklv Business Meetings the priesthood of valuable members

is It that stake suggested presidencies class period time which should have call this article to the attention of the The number of letters sent to the the gospel. to studying devoted been

presiPriesthood Melchizedek quorum general Melchizedek Priesthood comPriesthood Melchizedek quorum presiurge dencies and strongly put them to to indicate mittee seems that some to dencies are hereby cautioned quorum presidencies do not underwatch this condition carefully and forward a renewed determination to regular hold weekly council meetings. is stand the what meant by monthly avoid depriving of members quorum

It is this by following that course business meetings, so a short quorum their right after to discuss week week priesthood presidencies and members is explanation given. hereby their lessons Melchizedek Priesthood

A monthly quorum business meetoutlined in the prescribed course of will rise to the greatest possible ing is held for the purpose of prestudy. heights in priesthood work, and theresenting and conducting all quorum All Melchizedek Priesthood quoby Melchizedek Priesthood quorum

business of various types which may rums and units throughout the stakes presidencies will be strengthened in callings their magnifying as servants arise that particular within quorum of Zion, a excepwith few possible they will prove to be of God. Thus unit. or exercises, Preliminary contions, are to instructed again once

sisting of an opening song, prayer, hold their monthly business meetings more faithful in helping to build up and, possibly a musical number, are regularly and consistently. It is sugthe kingdom of the Most High.

first conducted. Then the major part gested that the general Church patFor the convenience of Melchizedek

of the time of the meeting should be tern be adhered to as closely as Priesthood quorum presidencies and utilized by the priesthood officers and possible. unit leaders, an outline of the sugmembers in conducting quorum busigestions regarding presidencies council

ness. Priesthood Melchizedek Most 10—Number Seventh—No. of Quomeetings,is given here.summarized from the Era, to have sufficient businessquorums Council Meetings rum Presidency

entire theoccupy meeting. monthly Held During Month preparations for First week—Make certain conditions there is If under

meeting. quorum business Priesthood monthly all Melchizedek When business,not the responsienough

problems of bility would rest upon the quorum quorum presidencies are holding their Second week—Solving

presidency or unit leaders to provide council meetings at least once each quorum members: inactive member

interesting and instructive material week in harmony with instructions lists to be available and utilized.

to occupy the remainder of the meetpreviously given in the Melchizedek Third week ing profitably. Priesthood Handbook and also in a. Presidency council meeting.

In the weekly group or quorum The Improvement Era, item number b. Meeting with standing committees.meetings held each Sunday, with the ten—which reports the number of

Fourth week—cormeetings ofexception the which Sunday held—will may presidencies

a. Presidency council meeting. in respond with of weeks the number set aside forbe meetmonthly quorum

ing, the time should be devoted exthe month. b. Meeting with group leaders

clusively to studying the course of The General Authorities take this and Melchizedek Priesthood study prescribed by the general priestopportunity to express appreciation to teachers.

presidencyhood committee for the Melchizedek the numerous quorum presidencies Fifth week—Quarterly

Priesthood members throughout the throughout the Church who hold council meetings:

Church. In each of these meetings, their weekly council meetings regu- a. Presidency council meeting.

at least fortyfive minutes'time larly. During the past two or three b. Meeting with quorum and

should be devoted to the presentayears a marked improvement has been group secretaries.

tions and discussion of the priesthood made along this line; however, reFollowing is a summary of busilesson. ports indicate that there are still quoness to be conducted as MelchizeThere may be occasions, however, rum presidencies who do not hold dek Priesthood Presidency council

when items of business become urgent weekly council meetings regularly. meetings

and need to be considered in the The General Authorities urge that 1. Teachers for the Melchizedek

weekly meeting. If such a situation from this time forward all MelchizePriesthood quorums and groups are

should arise, as little time as possible dek Priesthood quorum presidencies selected.

should be occupied in the weekly hold council meetings at least once 2. Preparations for the quorum

meeting. Complaints have been made each week and more often if the needs meetings, including the monthly busiby quorum members to stake presishould require it. ness meeting, are made.

dencies, and at times to the General An article in The Improvement 3. Quorum standing committees are

Authorities, to the effect that certain Era, April, 1954, entitled "Melchizeset up and the work of these commitquorum presidencies hold a business dek Priesthood Presidencies Meettees supervised at this meeting.

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4. Reports of the activities for the sist in reactivating the less active before tithing their income. Prieststanding committees and assignments ones, by putting into full operation the hood holders have asked if contributo these committees are made. social program as recommended by tions to the Church welfare, to build-

5. Quorum presidencies regulate the General Authorities. May we ening funds, to missionary funds, to fast

group organizations at these meetings. courage you to put this program into offerings, and other similar church

6. Quorum presidencies are to deeffect more thoroughly, following the contributions are counted to make one

vise ways and means to get every instructions of holding Melchizedek a tithepayer (a full tithepayer). The

member in their respective quorums Priesthood quorum or unit socials at answer is, No! All of those contribuactive in Church work and living all least quarterly. tions are asked for in addition to the

of God's commandments. onetenth, each contribution carrying

7. The economic welfare of quoConfidential Annual Report with it its own special blessing from

usually Lord. hasrum been reWhat and Contributions the members should also be a matter First—Tithepayers

for as is listed consideration. tithing a part on garded to the Tithing Account

8. Supervision and direction to the reports as "a contribution to the

quorum and group secretaries should Questions arise frequently among tithing account."

be given at these meetings. priesthood holders regarding the payThe general priesthood committee

9. The social program of the quoment of tithing. Those who are strongly urges all Melchizedek Priestrum is to be planned. counted as tithepayers (full tithehood officers, as well as those who

10. Quorum projects are formupayers) are those who pay onetenth hold office in any of the church orlated. of their increase or income annually; ganizations, to become tithepayers

11. Minutes of previous meetings in other words, onetenth of what (full tithepayers) immediately. As a

are read and approved. they make is contributed as a tithe matter of fact all men throughout

12. Unfinished business is carried unto the Lord. Those who make conGod's Church and kingdom who hold

forward. tributions to the tithing account pay the Melchizedek Priesthood should

13. Other items of business not less than onetenth of their annual obey this commandment and assure

mentioned in this outline could be increase or income, making certain themselves the blessings derived taken care of at these meetings. deductions, such as living expenses, therefrom.

In summary: The Melchizedek

Priesthood presidencies council meetings are the preparatory meetings which make priesthood quorums function effectively for the benefit of every quorum member. These meetings are THESE TIMESindispensable to the success of the

quorums. (Concluded from page 210) But Democratic strategy will undoubtedin 1956. problem, The abilissue tion in the the immediate In background. of QuorumEighth—No. southern paraphernalia of the segregaly consider this goal, as well as the 11—Number is ity great differences to compromise will evidence preconvention campaign, This Year to Socials Held Date test party. of a political a major The at Efforts agreeof compromise. emerge

test in 1956. hardest face the Democrats will all voters to calm be ment made

It is suggested that all Melchizedek to the concern remain Other things platof the north). south (and The

Priesthood quorums hold socials at formbuilding at the conventions will two great American parties in 1956. One,

least quarterly; i. e. four times a year. also probably highlight (or screen) this neither can afford to forget, especially

This instruction has been followed by same phenomenon. The moral issues the leadership, is the responsibility borne

some of the quorums and appreciation involved will, in short, be submerged to the people of the world. It is easy

is expressed for this achievement. under layers of political adjustment. to become preoccupied with the prickly

The Melchizedek Priesthood reports This ageold and socially essential issues of practical, domestic politics. It

received by the general priesthood process (quite to be expected) constiis difficult to rise above them, to gain committee indicate that there are tutes a main problem for the Republican perspective for the long, hard haul. The

everpresent to princan yield dilemmas allay goal managers. Their will be tomany quorums in the Church which forgotten ciple. Principles leave men to as so successfully the not issue, but

are holding socials only once or twice permit Democratic unity. The Demoand politics awash in the flotsam of the

each year. The distressing thing, cratic managers, on the other hand, ages without sail or compass. As guidehowever, is the fact that the reports must either so allay the issue as to perposts and as beacons for the people of

also indicate that a number of quomit Democratic unity (and Republican the world, it will be well to review the rums are holding no socials. Where frustration), or perhaps persuade the issues and candidates of 1956 in the

such is the case, the presidencies are Lehmans, Humphreys, and Morses to light of these words:

strongly urged to rectify this condirally behind a "Southern Democrat"as "We, the people of the United States, tion immediately and provide their the party nominee. in order to form a more perfect union,

quorum members with an adequate Such a Democrat would not necesestablish justice, insure domestic transocial program. sarily have to be from the South, but quillity, provide for the common dethe general fence, promote welfare, and reasgive essential to have would Again, the general priesthood comhe secure the blessings to ourof liberty as leaders to surance such Southern

mittee of the Church advises MelGovernor Byrnes, Senator Strom Thurselves and our posterity, do ordain and chizedek Priesthood presidencies as mond, and the others. If such a man establish this Constitution for the United

well as unit leaders throughout the could be found, the party might be States of America."

entire Church to take full advantage maintained intact for 1960, and rebuilt. Here are some old words that will

of the great blessings which come to This could strain some northern Demoalways carry challenge, including chalpriesthood holders, especially to ascratic tempers to the breaking point. lenge to political parties in these times.

APRIL 1956 273 J**Presiding

AWARD RECORDS

Study Guide for Ward Teachers forFollowing1955 approvedis the recordduringof Januaryawards and February 1956:

April 1956 Stake Awards 8 Advantages of Storing a Year's Supply of Food Ward Awards 344 100% Seals 2,052 Partial protection against the hazards of our times, and qualifying for blessPriests. 3,289

ings which follow obedience to counsel are two of such advantages. Teachers 3,425

Ours is a highly specialized society. For practically every necessity, we Deacons 4,613

depend upon many processes. For our bread, we depend upon the merchant, Total Individual

the baker, the miller, and the farmer, each of whom in turn depends upon Awards 1 1,327 machinery manufacturers, power companies, gasoline and oil producers, railroads and other carriers. So interdependent are our operations that the

crippling of a few industries could bring our whole economy to a standstill.

What would happen if our key railroad centers, central power plants, major Ward Teaching gasoline refineries, and water systems were disabled? How long would supplies in food markets meet the needs of population centers? The answer

is obvious. The probability of such a calamity depends upon (1) the existing Discernment Is Guide to

potential to knock these centers out, and (2) whether the potential will be used. Nuclear bombs and the facilities to deliver them answer the question Successful Teaching

as to potential. for Harbor, the between example—tension History—Pearl

nations, destruction to the scriptures the precede say about and what the One of the most precious gifts for second advent of the Savior, answer the riddle as to whether the potential ward teachers to seek is discernwill be used. ment. Bruyere aptly described the value

of this noble gift in these words:

The counsel of Church leaders has been, from the beginning, to lay away in the days of harvest sufficient food to last until next harvest. Through After a spirit of discernment, the next

the present welfare plan, this counsel has been carried throughout the rarest things in the world are diamonds

Church. When the day comes that we must live from our own resources, and pearls.

no one can truthfully say he has not been warned.

The blessing of a discerning spirit is that put away, could be argument by such which the amount To the all teachers. equal not are in Some

it constitute, a small minority that be negligible, be said would as we may greater to exercapacity endowed with our security does not lie alone in the hoarding of supplies but in obeying cise this wonderful gift than are others:

counsel. The strength to preserve Israel, with Pharaoh's hosts behind, and But it is a talent that can be acquired

the Red Sea before them, was not in their military establishments or in their if it is sincerely sought. It is not a

It in the navigation equipment. they Because was were power of God.

virsingle a quality but blend of many to be, preserved them. where the Lord had told them he the power It was

it in Spiritual tues. innature, will

of God, brought into action by the faith of the widow at Zarephath, evicrease the ability of ward teachers to denced by her willingness to divide with the Lord's servant what she understand accurately the true character thought through was her last morsel of food, that preserved her and her house and honest motives of those whom they. the famine.

teach. "The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof;..."(Psalm 24:1.) Discernment is a penetrating power

He fed Israel with manna; he sent the seagulls to preserve the crops of our that enters into matters beyond the

fathers; he has power to preserve us. It is his purpose to provide for his reach of the senses; it is characterized by

Saints, but it must be done in his way, and he has prescribed the way. If superior comprehension. It provides the

we refuse to follow it, we shall be on our own. If we do as he has directed, teacher with the ability to look into the

we may, with confidence, rely upon his power to preserve us. heart with depth of understanding and

makes him fearless in the performance

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR MAY 1956 thoseof duty;whoit wouldreveals deceive.the evil intentions of

Honoring the Priesthood Conversely, discernment has the vision to recognize sincerity and integrity;

The Lord has issued two divine injunctions to every holder of the priesthood it is sympathetic to those who are disshowing the way by which he may honor the holy priesthood and hold it sacred: tressed; it manifests genuine compassion

First: Learn his duty in whatever office of the priesthood he may hold. for the unfortunate and demonstrates

Second: Act in all diligence in whatever office he may be appointed. the value of refinement. With full exerReference: (D & C 107:99100.) cise of the gift of discernment, there is

less chance of offense. Discernment is

one of the most useful guides to successful teaching.

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Celebrating the Anniversary of the Restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood

apwith the Bishopric, Presiding The

HSsfP anFirst Presidency, of the proval nounces Saturday and Sunday, May 12 and 13, as the dates on which to commemorate the restoration of the Aaronic

Priesthood.. MP M

m On May 15, 1829, in answer to prayer, the resurrected John the Baptist ap- t peared to Joseph Smith and Oliver 1

Cowdery on the banks of the Susque- <wtr i hanna River near Harmony, Pennsylvania. He laid his hands upon their

heads and conferred upon them the V |ff if

Aaronic Priesthood. (See D & C, Sec.

13.)

It is and suggested that - adequate for the l fa M careful preparation be made activities of May 12 and 13. It is im- l& if "w

portant that all who participate be aware of the purpose of the comJoseph Smith Oliver Cowdery memoration. Joseph was twentythree and Oliver twentytwo when John the Baptist conSaturday, May 12, should be devoted ferred upon them the Aaronic Priesthood, May 15, 1829.

to pilgrimages to historical spots, trips to industrial plants or places of culeither a stake or a ward outing on May recorded in the writings of Joseph ture or to outdoor athletic activities in 12. Smith, 2:6774 in the Pearl of Great

parks or recreational areas. The Sacrament meeting on Sunday, Price by a carefully selected reader who

Because of traffic hazards we sugMay 13, is to be devoted to an apholds the priesthood. (The reader and

gest that any necessary traveling be propriate Aaronic Priesthood program accompanist should rehearse together done in buses that are insured for the in each ward. Care should be given for an effective presentation.)

is It well, passengers. of protection the particito Associates are 7. "I those in assigning Respected who Am

that are used, cars private where

I necessary, help, they pate, where and Honor should When my byPriesthood"—admy safety travel in a caravan not and that assigned. meeting dress This those under twentyone a given by deacon be

precautions be carefully considered. when properly prepared should be a five minutes.

events be planned outdoor may The feast. spiritual I 8. the Priesthood Bearing "By am the basis stake or with a ward on in bearer Priesthood Aaronic Every for Service"Opportunities Many twentyone Priesthood under Aaronic in to be expected should the be ward twentyteacher a under by—addressGiven joint senior holding the and members at this meeting. attendance minutes. one—five outings. or separate are conferences stake quarterly Where 9. to Priesthood Contributes "The my to conare events the be Where it will this necesend, be held on week Fine Happiness Providing with by Me basis, stake stake the a comducted on or sary the program delay to advance Associations Objectives"and Worthy in or should mittee committees meet week. one priest address twentyone under a by bishoprics the council ward and with

leaders to formulate program and proProgram for Sacrament Meeting five minutes.

motional plans. The logical time for May 13, 1956 10. "My Activity in the Priesthood

this meeting would be during the April Has Contributed Greatly to Happiness in our Home"—address by a senior stake leadership meeting. In the proTheme—The Priesthood Contributes to

graming, care should be taken to pro- a Richer Life member of the Aaronic Priesthood vide activities that will interest men as eight minutes.

well as boys if both groups are in- 1. Opening Song, "We Thank Thee, 11. Aaronic Priesthood chorus: "Love

cluded in the same celebration plans. O God, for a Prophet"—Congregation. At Home."

While approval is given to hold sep- 2. Invocation, by a member of the 12. "Our Son's Activity in the Aaronic

arate outings for senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood under twentyone. Priesthood Has Been a Source of Joy

3. Priesthood Sacrament song. Aaronic the young and men a mother—eight minutes. ad- 4. the suggest Administration of the Sacrament by to Us"—by under twentyone, we

visability of a combined outing with a members of the Aaronic Priesthood. 13. "My Work With the Men and

variety of activities to fit the desires and 5. Aaronic Priesthood or youth chorus, Boys Who Hold the Aaronic Priesthood

interests of the various age groups. "An Angel from on High."(At the conHas Contributed to the richness of my

the president of the Aaronic Where it is impractical to hold outclusion of the chorus, the accompanist Life"—by

ings on a stake basis or where a ward will continue to play the melody as soft Priesthood, the bishop.

is isolated from the stake center, we background music during the reading to 14. Aaronic Priesthood chorus: "Come

suggest outings on a ward level be follow.) All Ye Sons of God."

held. Every Aaronic Priesthood bearer 6. Reading of the account of the 15. Benediction by a senior member

should have the opportunity to attend restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood as of the Aaronic Priesthood.

APRIL 1956 275 ALLIEHOWE Editor

Jean Jensen Jean Jensen s Easter Planning

For part of the table trim Jean exEaster bonnets, bunnies, or baby plains that prior to Easter they will chicks. These may be colored for

save all their eggshells, wash them, further effectiveness.

remove the lining, and then dye them. "For our Easter centerpiece we will

Light of the morning is gilding the sky, She says that she and the youngsters gild a small branch and hang variShades of the nighttime are now passing then will pull the buds from three colored Easter eggs to the branches.

by; Earth is awak'ning from darkness and cloves and use china cement in gluFirst, of course, we will blow the egg gloom, ing these whole cloves on each half from the shell, color and decorate the

Jesus has triumphed o'er sin and the tomb. shell, making three legs. "Now we shells to taste, and hang by ribbons to

(C. D. Martin.) have little favors in pretty Easter the branches. For variety in size,

"If each of us will have that song colorings which can be used to hold halves of eggshells may also be used.

in our hearts and perhaps on our nuts, Easter eggs, candies, or little The tree should be put in a firm base, violets."spring clay, or covsuch as molding foam,

lips as meals, Easter our we prepare grass were going to serve the or small ered with Easter basket If Jean will be. occasions joyous theywhat

Easter is a glorious day for all mandinner buffet style, she says she flowers, and gaily placed as the table kind. From the sunrise services and would use her pretty yellow cloth, decoration."

Sunday School to the last Sacrament but inasmuch as this will be a family When anyone asks Jean where meeting, we will be rejoicing in the dinner the younger children will she learned to cook, she claims that great promise of the resurrection. make placemats out of heavy white much of her training came from her

"Knowing how busy we will all be, wrapping paper or cardboard, cutting mother. It is therefore understand-

I am planning to prepare our meal on the mats in shapes according to their able that she would want to give a own originality: Easter eggs, baskets, similar stimulus to her own children.Saturday so that all the family can

enjoy being together on Easter Sun-—Photographs by Hal Rumel Studios

day without a lot of work and last minute preparation."

And so it is that Jean Anderson

Jensen, wife of L. Marcus Jensen and

mother of five, is planning for her family's Easter. And all her planning

is centered about the most important activities of the day—Church, and

family togetherness. In trying to decide upon a color scheme to make

Easter dinner an especially festive one, Jean remembers that this is the time when nature's colors are rich with all the softness and freshness of spring. She has chosen yellow as the

basic color because to her it symbolizes sunlight and represents the glorious light of the gospel. "Then

we will choose pink because of the beauty of the dawn,"she says, "and will blend with these the other beautiful spring pastels."Clever little "Easter bunnies"—whiskers and all—in a tasty surprise salad.

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

That "YeastRiz"Crust is M-m-maqnifico acaroni

ranssimo

V'&W: -

Colorful Easter egg tree and nut cup.

"At least my desire to be a good cook was kindled in Mother's kitchen, and the determination to excel has conbig the of me."tinued with One CRUST YEASTRIZ"to appreciatelessons learned she was in foil. Hold wrap m and stack cool, cup alin her mother 3- food because Stir Vagood milk. Makes days. 1-10 cup Vi Scald refrigerator and sugar tablespoons 6 BRAVISSIMO if other best, even the bought MACARONIways lukewarm ounces to 2 Cool salt. cook water salted baling In (not warm so. 10 to sacrificed do cup to (abouthings be had tender Va bowl until into macaroni shortening,tSnMeasure dbow for lukewarm ana rinse. to Mash (Cool and water. Drain hot) is minutes). couninvestment,"food an"Good package low Over yeast.) tomatoes. can AddMI 1 compressed No. iVi drain acnve Yeast, Bonnet Blue rather spendsels Fleischmann's "I would tablespoons Jean. cake 2 melt heat dissolve. to margarine Stir melted compressed. to or Add Margarine. medicine."or/ than food on mixture, onmoney tablespoons milk 2 lukewarm thoroughly in Stir blend and ensifted cups salt and 'teaspoon, and 1% talking, egg, young Hour, were >/2 fbealen While we enriched Mir smooth. until Gradual y onion. Beat flour. grated riched teaspoons 2 ented the to from boundingLarry up came constantly stirring additional milk, an cup [n \VaW add Vi rise Let. mixture Knead. Bring (about flour smooth. youthful riched typically a keepmixture withbasement about bulk, Add in constantly.!,ntil doubled stirring boil, a to into divide Stir cheese. hungry!declaration, I'm down; "Hey, Mom, Cheddar Punch liA hours. cubed iA cud ciris 10inch into sauce and each melted Roll is cheese Pieces I until I couldn't prunes?"some have p.cMay Pan 9-inch and into macaroni firmly cooked in Fold cle! smooth. BrushR Ss fork. Pour of tines tomatoes. for didn't ask that noticing with hehelp canned edge the Press of cup white. VS reegg with beaten Top Crust, slightlv 1 -YeastRiz"in\o I or jam.cookies about bread Then and bulk, top in on Sprinkle doubled until rise tomatoes. maining with Bake fork. blanched with slivered Prick toasted at minutes. and time one thatlearned Jean Spoons 20 2t Doin at minutes. 8 oven for 350 F. moderate in at nven Bake almonds 4-6. excessive beset been by had bakeororeMarc Serves and Fill minutes. 1520 350 rofbrown. F crusts, store use. To to ready until for children. the expensesdental They

took account of the situation, and

Jean explains that "Today, instead of buying candy, I buy prunes, raiNew idea for a thrifty, tasty main dish sins, and figs, and always have on hand crisp carrot and celery sticks, "You've never tasted anything quite like this rich, fluffy prizewinning crust,"Ruse, says Mrs. Dale cookand there has been a big change in 'yeastriz'

California. can bake of Spring Valley, it ahead, brown "You

our dental bill."it days later with any of a dozen luscious fillings."

Aside from decor planning, Jean And make the delicious crust with Fleischmann's Yeast has given some forethought to her the kind prizewinning cooks depend on. It's really easy to

Easter dinner menu. Recognizing the use and rises fast every time. Use the cake yeast—or the

impatience of children for their dinhandy dry yeast that keeps for months on your shelf.

(Continued on following page) Free Recipes for other luscious leaflet in recipe a free up TRY DRY fillings—pick THE

Fleischmann's display of your grocer's

IN YEAST "THRIFTY THREE'S"Active Dry Yeast or write to: Yeast, Dept.

MH.p. o. Box 48515, Los Angeles, Calif.

APRIL 1956 277 Try KNOW YOUR IDS COOKS ALL THREE! (Continued from preceding page) If you are wondering how to use the

ner, she expects to heat some tasty many hardboiled Easter eggs, our cook tomato juice by adding from one to suggests slicing some of them over the two tablespoons of sugar to each top of the casserole before serving. The

real quart, top each cup with a rosebud beauty of this recipe is that it can be country of whipping cream, and serve it in the made up the day before and slipped in cookin'living room while she makes final theor Church.oven to bake after Sunday School

meal preparations. Of course there With the casserole Jean will serve a FROZEN

will be a tray of dip chips and crackspecial

MEAT favoriteers alongcheesewith adip.bowl of the family's Easter Bunny Surprise Salad

2 packages lime gelatin PIES Cheese Dip maraschino cherries 1 can minced clams, drained coconut 1 8-ounce package Philadelphia cream blanched almonds cheese whole cloves juice from minced clams 1 large package Philadelphia cream 1 green onion, minced cheese pear halves Season to taste with lemon juice or whipped cream or cottage cheese garlic salt.

just Blend juice with clam enough directions. to according Set gelatin

desired cheese to obtain if CHICKEN the cream as desired cheese dip Prepare the cream consistency. Then add drained clams, pear stuffing. Chopped dates and peTURKEY for

-jL BEEF onion, seasoning, and blend. cans are suggested. When jello is set,

scramble with a fork and spread on

Also Try CfW* Chicken, While Marc and the younger Jensens serving tray. This will be the "grass"

Turkey, Swiss Steak or Ham are enjoying this, Mother will take from for "bunnies"made of stuffed pears.

casserole, chickenrice the a oven side stuffed the the down, narrow With Fruit Pies, Dinners, a for given Tamales, recipethe by was which Jean will part of represent pear the bunny Sirloin Ravioli, Tips, dinner. potluck at square friend a dance is nose, tiny which two by made

Chicken a la King of maraschino cherry. The whiskerspiecesare

ChickenRice Casserole of coconut, the ears of blanched al- 1 cup longgrained rice monds, and each eye of one whole is tail of of the bunny clove. The boiling cups water GRIND YOUR OWN 2 1/4 or cheese. cottage Face cream whipped 1 salt teaspoon

of the to the middle all the "bunnies"will nibble FLOUR & CEREAL 1 teaspoon vinegar or lemon juice serving they platter where with this sturdy Bring the 2 l/4 cups water to a boil on a mound of shredded carrots. Garin a double boiler, then add the rice, nish salad tray with greens of your

salt, vinegar or lemon juice slowly so choice. WHEAT MILL water does not cease boiling. Cover

ONLY andabsorbedcook theuntilwaterrice butis tenderdo notandallowhas table,"For"colorJean andcontinues,vitamins"weatwillour haveEastera

(if still celery available), and we'll $550 it to get too soft. relish tray of carrot sticks, radish roses,

2 cups diced chicken (or tuna if deeggs. Easter devil some

POSTPAID sired) "The rolls will be set the day be- 1 of can soup cream mushroom ANYWHERE fore, refrigerin molded, placed the and

IN 1 of chicken soup can cream until ator three before hours baking. AMERICA 1 6-or button 8-ounce can mushrooms recipe friend given This was by a me

1 evaporated cup milk in review club."a monthly book

1 cup water Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all buttered bread crumbs Refrigerator Rolls kinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds V/2 sharp cheddar cheese, grated, sprinpounds of flour or cereal per minute. kled generously 2 yeast cakes

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. or 2 packages dry yeast

SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS Place cooked rice in casserole and add Y2 cup lukewarm water

Please send me one Wheat Mill. Inclosed is the chicken, both cans of soup, mush- 1 can evaporated milk (l 1/ cups)

$6.50 (check or money order.) rooms, and evaporated milk. Mix to- 1 cup hot water

Name gether lightly with a fork and bake ]/3 cup sugar

Address with buttered bread crumbs and grated 1 tablespoon salt cheese sprinkled over the top. Al- 2 wellbeaten eggs

City though many people enjoy this without 5 cups flour

State further seasoning, Jean suggests you soft butter, margarine, and shortening may desire to flavor to your taste. Bake

the Dissolve yeast in the and it is bubbly in 375 F. lukewarm oven until HARDWARE PEHRSON In water. a large put heated. twoquart mixing bowl A shallow SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH completely 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST

casserole dish is recommended. evaporated milk, hot water, sugar, salt,

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the wellbeaten eggs. Gradually

sift the flour in, beating well after eachaddition. The mixture will be sticky. is the Cfturcl) Hews in

Allow to rise until double in bulk. Turn

onto floured board (1 cup flour). Rollwith rolling pin or pat into circle and your home?

spread with soft shortening; fold into

half circle and spread with soft butter;

fold again and spread with soft margarine. Handle quickly and lightly.

Cut with cookie cutter or small glass, fold or pat into desired shape and place on greased baking tin or in small muffin tins. Place in refrigerator at once and

remove three hours before baking. Bake

at 425 F. 8 to 10 minutes.

"My children love a smooth pudding

Grandma Sarah Anderson makes called

Spanish Cream, and Marc's favorite cake is Prunella, so we will probably have these for our Easter dinner dessert."Every week the Deseret News "Church News"Section

brings Latterday Saints together. It is an official organ of

Spanish Cream the Church and contains reports, instruction and news that should be in every L.D.S. home. It costs very little. Mail this

2 packages gelatin coupon now for information.

]/2 cup cold water 1 quart milk f 3 egg yolks, well beaten "Ci)urd) %w* 1 cup sugar 143 South Main St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Please salt send me subscription information on the teaspoony4 News."egg whites "Church stiffly beaten 3

1 teaspoon vanilla Name Y4 teaspoon lemon extract Address

City State.

Dissolve the gelatin in the cold water. Scald milk in double boiler, add

wellbeaten egg yolks to which have salt. sugar the andbeen added

mixture stir until Mix toSENDING MONEY TO YOUR MISSIONARY? well, cook andgether

dissolved thethickens. add Then gelaUse Safe... Convenient... Economical

add stiffly and heat fromtin. Remove

beaten egg whites, vanilla, and lemon extract. If desired this pudding could AMERICAN EXPRESS MONEY ORDERS.

coloring vegetable withbe tinted to Buy them at your nearest Agency or if you mixture Place scheme. any colormatch

in refrigerator in a shallow pan or bowl. prefer—at our office using accompanying coupon.

dishes dessert and set, into spoonWhen Rates Order Money DISTRICT C. CHILD, MANAGER PAUL is especream. This whippedtop with 10 Cents 5.00 to EXPRESS.01 COMPANY AMERICAN $ $ dessert, for Easter only cially good, not UTAH LAKE CITY,... SALT SOUTH SECOND WEST Cents 44 to 10.00. 15 $ $ 5.01 person. FOR sick for ORDER a EXPRESS also MONEY PLEASE AMERICANbut SEND

$10.01 to $ 50.00.25 Cents $

Prunella Cake $50.01 to $100.00 35 Cents TO

REGULAR OR POSTAGE—AIRMAIL

1 cup prunes—- ADDITIONAL

2 cups water water 1 the in cup prunes (Cook FROM CHECK ENCLOSED $.

cool.) to tender. Set aside until 5-6271 EL Phone

2 heaping tablespoons of shortening (butter) 1 cup white sugar AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY 2 wellbeaten eggs 44 West 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah 2 cups sifted flour TRAVELERS CHECKS - FOREIGN EXCHANGE - AIR AND STEAMSHIP TICKETS 1 teaspoon salt TRAVEL SERVICES - TOURS - CRUISES 1 teaspoon cinnamon teaspoon nutmeg Y2 allspice WHILE IN BIND YOUR ERAS teaspoon y2 1 cup sour milk or cream MEXICO CITY Attractive, red fabricoid binder with 1 teaspoon baking soda STAY IN AMERICAN-L.D.S. HOME—BEST "Improvement Era"stamped in gold

1.75. 1 cup broken walnuts—RESIDENTIALGUIDES. DISTRICT - REASONABLE RATES only

2 tablespoons prune juice WRITE DR. VIRGIL HAWES at THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1 teaspoon vanilla 565 Los Alpes, Lamas #10 Mexico, D. F. OFFICE

(Concluded on following page) Ph. 2025-13 on Arrival 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1956 279 KNOW YOUR IDS COOKS SAVE Put(Concludedshorteningfromin precedingmixing bowl,page) add understandcomplish thisit. reading,We don'tbutalwayswe acare

/ well. cream and Add wellbeaten trying. 1 sugar, At least we have our goal, and I

Sift flour again. well blend eggs and beginning."that is a I MONEY and spices together and mix alternately The family of which Jean speaks

with the sour cream to which has been is Carol, 17, following in her mother's \ FOR YOUR WARD soda. the Stone baking and cut up footsteps cook; Lynne, as a capable

to mixture. prunes and add Add OR STAKE! addedthe

14, interested in the and piano juice, vanilla. Beat walnuts, and prune

in ballet, the piano, interested and ice lightly floured in greased and If Bakeit, and beat it, and beat it some more. ballroom dancing; Mary Anne, 10,

is surprising continually at skating, for 9"x 13"dripper 30 minutes pan 350 F. oven. others with her imagination; Jay, 7, VW. H. a naturalist of the first water currentIcing ly making of the house a rock depository; Larry, 6, alias "Davy"of the BINTZ CO. 2 cups powdered sugar Crockett clan, and tireless when it

tablespoons prune his shoes. to juice comes eating and shining

juice 1 tablespoon lemon can help you! 2 culinary deservedly earned Jean 2 soft butter tablespoons

Those overwhelming prob- 1 teaspoon cinnamon honor for herself in 1955 when she lems you face each time you won the blue ribbon at the Utah plan a ward reunion or a Blend all ingredients well and spread State Fair for one of her cakes building fund dinner can be on cake when it is cool. which she baked before an audience

solved by the W. H. Bintz at the fair grounds. In many ways

Co. They specialize in com- A festive Easter dessert can be made her food fare has brought her recognimercial-size kitchen utensils by placing an angel food cake, broad tion. In addition to all this she preand wholesale foodstuffs to portion up, simulating a basket. Then sides as Relief Society president in

meet your every need. Call ice thinly with a frosting to suit your the Wilford Ward, Wilford (Utah)

or visit them now at—color scheme, braid tinted pipe cleaners Stake, is a soprano in the ward choir,

fill to the colorful handle, a form and South 3rd 433 West in active husher with and PTA, this of center Easter basket formed newly City, Salt Utah Lake in shares dancing square some band ice of colorful pastel cream. with mounds 3-5821 Phone EM

If old to revive fun. you want Easter tinted green, be Coconut, may

"grass."If desired, small candy eggs can memories, she has a cherished Treasbe used as a final trim. ures of Truth book to show, and today she is recording much family

Thinner time is family time for the history on motion picture film. Jean

*-* Marcus Jensen's. "We like to has worked in every auxiliary organhave our children around us for disization of the Church, and Marc is

cussions at least once a day, and dinbusy as financial clerk of the ward.

ner time is our opportunity. Then it With a song of Easter on her lips,

is also a time wc can read the Book the significance of Easter in her heart,

Enjoy of Mormon together. This we do imand the above suggestions given for

finer flavor mediately after dinner, and now even all, Jean Jensen makes a worthy conand greater the younger children can read and tribution as another LDS cook.

nutrition of whole wheat grain...

freshly ground!

every food element Everincreasing HINTS HANDY TOis WRITE in popularity DAYretained!for prices—FREE

Everyone knows facts I will be along the length of the line as you hang the Payment for Handy Hints used thot recipes—food bread other and cereal

event publication. the In dollar one line foods upon will with always your be clean. and made whole

ireshiy grain ground submitted, are idea the that with two same FLOUR Iowa. Moines, W., Des—U.clothes, OFFER—SPECIAL is tastier far richer and for introwill earlier receive coupon Send the the postmarked one in healthgiving nutrioffer of ductory 5-lb. returned, ideas of dollar. be the can None it's ments. the And—pkg.. Deaf Smith seasoning wheat beans green by canned Try

wise where someconsideration. home careful receive will each but flour, richAmerica's bouillon in tucking of chicken a and cube is thing done about in it. est elements, food

select or -Minn., until absorbed. liquid is nearly simmering that empty through water hot efficient, run the If you Rapid—flour stone wheat Electric Wis.—Household tee it it A. P., Tulsa, away, don't But Good! add salt.—R. throw before you box it's detergent ground the day FlourMill reduces whole

shipped. for more Oklahoma. suds one will give enough you fluffy for flour grain to

fraction of a penny a Calif. B., Angeles, R. A. Los LEE CO. dishwashing ENGINEERING all, of pound. a

to save the next time you money Want Milwaukee 3, Wis. it's STONE BestGROUND paint to remove vinegar Use hot from visit retail to dealer? your Check lumber

I.E.LEE Dept., ENGINEERING COMPANY, Calif. Alto, H., Palo glass.—B. if section see endhas he a bargain where Ave., 3, Wisconsin2023 Wis. Milwaukee W.

pieces, mill "rejects,"economyand similar 5-lb. cut pkg. through a Postpaid. SMITH FLOUR, your scissors, DEAF Only sharpen $1.50 To

It's like are displayed. type lumber money 5- lb. Postpaid. pkg. FLOUR, WIS. -MINN. Only $1.00 L. L. several times. of sheet fine sandpaper

Name S., Wilmington, Delaware. inandyourcut pocketout enoughto buygoodsuchlumberinferiorfor piecesyour

Street To clean a wire clothesline, split a cork purposes. National Lumber Manufacturers

City.State part way and slip it over the wire. Push it Association.

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

President McKay Honored

for 50 Years of Service

(Continued from page 224)

have your children seen

President David O. McKay at about the the Goldfish

time he was made an apostle. he's part offhe fun

of family dinner in the ion of President McKay, and I am sure that he, as well as I, can look back uponthem with some tender feelings.... (The COFFEE SHOP

Deseret News "Church Section,"September Hotel Utah t 5, 1951.) Max Carpenter, Manager Perhaps, during the years President

McKay has entered your meetinghouse while upon a stake conference business,or other upon and Church Twenty Questions Tell How spiritual of his strengthleaving, part has remained there. There is hardly

a member of the Church, during all To Select Best Hearing Aidof his ministry, whose life has not been touched for good by the activiConfused by all of the just completed valuable booklet that is ties of David O. McKay. different hearing aid filled with information on how to select

Up to the year 1908, the quorums claims? Wondering why an aid. Send 25c in stamps or coins and

of the priesthood selected their own there is a difference in it will be sent to you in a plain envelope.

courses of study. Such lesson material performance, size and————————————""—

came from the standard works or price? Would you like L. A. WATSON, room no. 56Y

from expositions of the gospel writto know what to expect 21 NORTH 3rd STREET, MINNEAPOLIS, MINN.

in amplification,ten members. acceptable power, by Church

convenience.. L. A. WATSON I Nome of wearing the authority April 8, 1908, under On

factors hearfor in a 20 important to look committeethe First Presidency, a general

Address intering of A.Watson, author aid? Mr. L. courses study to prepare uniform formedwas

for the of the priesthood throughquorums nationally 600 page text "Hearing known out the Church. Tests has |I City Slate Instruments", Hearing and

The committee was composed of Elders

Rudger Clawson and David O. McKay of

the Council of the Twelve, several members of the First Council of the Seventy; thePresiding Bishopric, and a number of other CHOICE OF THE COWBOY!

prominent elders of the Church. (John A.

Widtsoe, Priesthood and Church Government, p. 368.)

President McKay has been particularly active in the templebuilding program of the Church. He laid the

cornerstones for the Alberta and

Idaho Falls temples; he dedicated the

Swiss and Los Angeles temples; he

broke ground for the London Temple, (Concluded on following page) APRIL 1956 281 Christopher Columbia SaysPRESIDENT McRAY HONORED FOR 50 YEARS OF SERVICE (Concluded from preceding page) He never compromises with evil; his soul

and designated the site for the temple is upright; and he has through his kindness

love of the universal obtained devotion people. the Deseret (The News "Church Save ivifh SafeffP in ItNewwouldZealand.be difficult indeed to find and Section,"1951.) 5, September

a subject that President McKay has not excelled in, and many volumes The Church of Jesus Christ of Latcould be written detailing his contriter-day Saints has always pioneered butions to the Church. in making its meeting places someHe has spent a full lifetime of acthing more than just preaching halls,

tivity love in the and Sunday Schools. but as one looks less EARN. Donl take call of his time At the to the Apostleof President McKay's back overministry—tothe span

Earn more for your money... ship in April 1906, he was serving as 1906, when classes of the auxiliary

a full 4% with complete safety assistant superintendent of the Sunorganizations met in corners of the at this state supervised instituSUPERVISEDSTATE day Schools of the Weber (Utah) chapels (sometimes curtains were

Stake. In tion. 1906 October Open an Save by mail. he was anto separate one class from susdrawn

R. ELBERT as tained now. account assistant by writing general second in space or in dingy other) classroom CURTIS

President superintendent of the Sunday Schools; the basements; and compare it with

in April 1909 he was called as first the welllighted classrooms the and 3) assistant general superintendent; and visual aids that are available now,

in November 1918, he was sustained

SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. as general superintendent of this orone must surely exclaim, "What a

21ST SOUTH 1056 EAST ST. ganization. He was general superindifference!"Still the most effective CITY 6, UTAH LAKE SALT

tendent until he was sustained as a teaching tool available to the Church member of the First Presidency in in 1956 as it was in 1906 is the conOctober 1934. sistent life of a faithful member. That

is gift the that President has Of President McKay David O. McKay, "BANQUETMASTER"to Fielding all of given his the has during Joseph Smith Church THE NEW! ALLNEW 1955 MODEL President

FOLDING TABLE written: eventful official ministry.

Designed beautiful for today's

Churches Schools Cafes Private Homes ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued from page 241) momentous events had made an everSample table traditions the knowledge of the greatlasting impression on the inhabitants at sent est event that ever in occurred costno anof ancient America. greatest of The write cient America, visitation namely, the for these the of was appearance Jesus

details of Christ, Jesus the resurrected Lord, Christ of to the inhabitants the Westfor tables "Banquetmaster"Compare to their in progenitors of the Book beauty, price with and any ern in explained Hemisphere, as was in table Direct facthe nation. madequality days. universal a Although Mormon

to tory schools, discounts Churches, this the three articles of previous apostasy prevailed, all the teachings institutions. and

For full description prices and guarreceived directly from the Master series in the Era.... write antee

D. H. Loosli Co., Inc. having been adulterated, yet certain (To be continued)

Idaho Falls, Idaho EZRA TAFT BENSON < j -i <>- <i-*>-n-w-i >*<-( -< >-<-<> - ( >4M i-m-i;* (Continued from page 271) Divine assistance was also necessary

the government. Elder Benson sought to get him into Poland.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS an appointment with the general in In Finland, Elder Benson selected

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple charge and was flatly refused. The an appropriate spot and dedicated

sore throat and other minor mouth plight of the people was so desperate that land to the preaching of the and throat irritations. that he refused to take no for an gospel.* Meanwhile in Salt Lake

answer. He turned to the Lord for Sister Benson continued, as usual, to

of us, fore long,""a spirit he tells HALLS help through fasting and prayer. "Betake the major responsibility in rearREMEDY ing the family. missed she Although Salt Lake City, Utah anxtroubled replaced assurance my spirit greatly, her plucky and him

iety. 'The Lord,'I thought, 'is shardesire to have him share his time in

ing his strength with me.'An imservice to others was a real inspirato seek pelling force urged me tion to alrealized that who many JOHNSON & JOHNSON general. with the another audience

travels his business ready church and

L.D.S. Genealogical Research "I approached the general's adjuhad taken him away from home about

Specializing in tant with a new surge of confidence. half of their married life.

U.S. Census Records and Minutes later I was granted an audiof that land. Elder Franof the Twelve, then Pension Records ence. The general heard me through cis*ThisM. Lymanwas a rededicationof the Council

as president serving of the Mission, dediEuropean graciously acceded to our reBox 3188—Washington 9, D. C. and 1903. Finland cated in August Improvement (See The

quest."Era, 6:923.)

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

When he returned home at the end of ten months, he had covered 61,236 miles, had borne his testimony in HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS thirteen European countries, spread comfort and encouragement among ON UPKEEP ALONE thousands of griefstricken, impoverDURING THE NEXT FEW YEARSished, and warsickened people, disSAVEBY INSTALLING A tributed fiftyone carloads of food and other supplies, reorganized branches, purchased properties, and prepared HAMMOND"MUSIC'S MOST GLORIOUSORGANVOICE"the way for a great new missionary effort among peoples touched by the in your CHURCH or HOME tragedy of war. CANNOT GET OUT OF TUNE

Dack home again, Elder Benson USES LITTLE,VERYIF SMALLANY, INSTALLATIONAMOUNT OF ELECTRICITYEXPENSE *-* plunged into a seemingly endless THOUSANDS OF TONAL VARIATIONS round of activities. On November 16, SIMPLE TO PLAY

1952, he accompanied President Come In and Hear It During April Conference

Stephen L Richards of the First PresiFor Full Information Write or Call Seldon N. Heaps

dency to Washington for the dedication of the Chevy Chase Ward chapel. GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

He visited a number of government OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO officials and farm leaders. In 1948 he 2540 Washington 74 So. Main 57 No. University

had been approached before the presidential election, in regard to a position in the cabinet that Governor

Thomas E. Dewey hoped to organize.

In 1952 Elder Benson had no thought of being singled out to head the Department of Agriculture. On the

night of November 20, however, Elder

Benson received a telephone call that a great "groundswell"of support was developing for his appointment to be

Secretary of Agriculture, and he repliedtruthfully that he had heard make your plans now for..

it.nothing about

"What would be the attitude of the Church?"he was asked. school

COLLEGE "There is only one man who can summerSTARTS JUNE 4 AT LD.S. BUSINESS

answer that,"Elder Benson replied, You can complete your training and be ready for employment at a time when "and that's the President of the the market is not crowded with other graduates.

Church. My life is dedicated to this HySpeed Longhand IBM Key Punch

work, but I'd be glad to try to do GreggMachineShorthandCalculators IBMElectricBankandProofStandard Typewriters anything the President of the Church Stenotypy (Night School only) Plus Many Others asks me to do."Accounting: Introductory and Advanced

Early the next morning Elder Benson encountered President McKay. PHONE"I received a very important teleBUSINESS COLLEGE

phone call last night,"President Branch of Brigham Young University EM 3-2765

McKay said. "Brother Benson, my 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

mind is clear in the matter, and if the opportunity comes in the proper manner, I think you should accept."

"President McKay,"was the reply,

Privilege Our It Was it will believe can't"I that come."Install To WE OFFER.. Elder next the day, At with Provo

Mark E. Petersen, Elder Benson was our "NATURAL FORM"seat AENGRAVINGCOMPLETE SERVICE

assisting division of the in the Sharon Portraits Missionary the Largest to From in the Catalogues. received a message heStake when

Mail Prompt Orders Given Attentionfrom the Eisenhower headquarters. Los Angeles Temple

Before returning the call, he isolated UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

INC. 231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah SERVICE,himself in an office at Brigham Young NATURAL

Doezie & Sons John L. P.

University and telephoned to Presi9101 Hooper Ave., Los Angeles, Calif.

request adent was McKay. The call THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Designers, Manufacturers of

interforthat he an York go to New Furniture Church $2.50 12 Issues

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1956 283 Why Share Your Space EZRA TAFT BENSON with a Swinging Door?

(Continued from preceding page) that Elder Benson had raised, he view with the Presidentelect whom added: "We've got a great job to do.

he had never met. He left by plane I didn't want to be President, frankly,

that night. when the pressure started. But you

Elder Benson had never had any can't refuse to serve America. We've

yearning to get into politics. Though got a great job to do, and I want you

he was deeply interested in good govon my team,"ernment and the election of men of The Presidentelect's urging that integrity and good judgment to office, he accept a top responsibility to "serve his preference was to devote his own America"could not be denied. As he

time and talents to the Church. "I had foreseen, at least in some measdon't want to be Secretary of Agriure, controversy began to swirl about

culture,"he told his friends before Secretary Benson's head even before leaving for New York. "I can't his confirmation. Though his nomiimagine anyone in his right mind nation was promptly confirmed, many

wanting it."He was thinking of the began to criticize him for his stand

7 pressures, the controversies, and the against the increase of regimentation a "MODERNFOLD difficulties that that position would and control of agriculture.

door takes none inevitably entail. Secretary Benson inherited an ap-

* MORE SPACE FOR LIVING The Presidentelect greeted his vispalling farm problem. Before he took

BEAUTY * NEW COLORFUL RIGID - STRENGTH OF STEEL itor warmly, and it was soon evident office in January 1953, farm income * * MOVABLE WALLS that the General had made up his had undergone a drastic shrinkage mind. In response to his offer, Elder under rigid wartime price support the doors that fold

like an accordion Benson, speaking with the utmost laws. Once in office he found he was

Bv hk. Sk"candor, cited several reasons why he bound to administer this law, under

ni nd urnfold shouldn't become a member of the which the decline had occurred, until

Cabinet. First, he said, he had been a the 1955 harvest.

supporter of his distant cousin, SenaImmediately Secretary Benson betor Taft, then and he had always the the review of gan most extensive it better, For demonstration write or phone thought a little be would ever conducted. farm problem The

other things equal, being not to basis have results this of the study became ALDER'S a military in House. the White man policy 1343 South for the Main Salt Lake City Eisenhower farm new

Phone IN 7-1531 The Presidentelect indicated that sent to the Congress in 1954 which

P'ease send your free me booklet entitled was perfectly all right. began to take effect on the 1955 crops.

for Space "More Living"IE10.

NAME. Elder Benson also mentioned that These recommendations geared proAddress the Presidentelect might be expected duction for use rather than for stor-

j City State to select a Secretary of Agriculture age. It called for flexible price sup-

1 from the great farm belt. When the ports ranging from seventyfive to

of parity, ninety adjustpercent President with that Elder Bencommentedlb- in of crop accord ments for each major confidence |KV;:.:...;:;-.X motvvoe son seemed to have the FOLDING >V rural people to an unusual degree, with the supply and demand situaBANQUET tion at of the w\ crop Elder beginning replied that Benson each he thought X.

a It a realistic at their the that confidence and year. was and he did have TABLES fs>w

that he'd rather have that confidence same time a moderate retreat from

PricesDirect & subsidization the sure surSecretary wasn't of unusable he be and toDiscounts it pluses, of that the secretary the support a and be and could won man Schools.Churches,

largest influential too. orthat confidence, most farm and ijr % thankeep And finalInstitutions alland

ly, Elder Benson said, "I wonder ganizations. With many Congressabout the wisdom of calling a clergymen from agricultural states, howman, a minister of the gospel, to be ever, it proved to be very unpopular.

will of Agriculture. TRUCKS Secretary What Agriculture committee House The storingMONROE

truck Forthe easy wayTables religious other be the reaction from flexible voted against price supports modernFoldingtables handles tinn EachandConstruestorageChairs chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage Transport generally?"people groups, from of eitherTruckspace. in limited of an majority by overwhelming Truck No. TS

Church Units may direct their inquiries to the "Suppose,"General Eisenhower retwenty-one to eight. In the Senate

Church Purchasing Department, 47 East

South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. plied in substance, "we consider the committee nine out of fifteen votes

THE?Mo*VWKL COMPANY last question first: Surely you bewent against this chief provision of

/249 CHURCH STREET, COLFAX. IOWA \ lieve that the job to be done is spiritthe Eisenhower -Benson proposal. It

Thornley lodge ual.a greatSurelyresponsibilityyou knowtothatrestorewe haveconlookedsense inasagricultureif the drivewouldfor gocommondown

MODERN MOTEL fidence in the minds of our people in to inevitable defeat, and there was

California Tahoe, Lake their own government—that we have talk of an early departure from Wash36 Miles Reno, Nev. from

OPEN ALL YEAR to deal with spiritual matters."ington for Secretary Benson.

C. B. THORWALDSEN'S, Owners When the Presidentelect had efWithout any loss of confidence, the

P. 0. BOX 73, KINGS BEACH, CAL. fectively disposed of the objections Secretary kept up a constant fight for

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the course he believed to be right.

His courage and logic proved to be New way to make contagious. Congress finally overturned the work of its committees on

agriculture and passed the bill in aform that was quite acceptable to CHEESE SAUCE the President and the Secretary. iti/Mfc

Soon it became apparent that the new law could not operate effectively because of the huge price depressing surpluses accumulated under the recent rigid wartime supports. The

Department of Agriculture estimated that these surpluses overhanging the market reduced the farm income by two billion dollars during 1955.

Other measures giving more direct and immediate relief to the farmer would have to be taken if the farmer were to regain his relative standing in the national economy. Once more

Secretary Benson launched a broad Simmer 1% cups (large can) undiluted teaMilk, Morning % his adbetter-blending alternatives. ofreview When

mustard, dry salt, 1 teaspoon spoon their recomvisory groups made in saucesteak sauce and 1 tablespoon mendations, he studied them carepan over low heat to just below boiling fully, adopting some and modifying (about 2 minutes).,

or discarding others, until a suppleThen add 2 cups (about 8 oz.) grated

mentary program had taken shape. MelloBanquetor Nippy).real CheddarContinueCheeseto heat(Mild,until

It was recommended to the Congress the cheese melts (1 minute longer).

by the President on January 6, 1956. That's all! Makes about 2Vi cups.

This 1956 program is a logical extension of the earlier policy. FeaturSO EASY! NO FLOUR OR SHORTENING NEEDED"

ing the socalled soil bank, it recognizes that the farmer is entitled to additional help while he is waiting now!

for production to level off or conKITCHEI1 CHflRITl sumption to increase and surpluses FOLDING CHAIRSto be reduced. One phase of the new WAXED PAPER COLORplan would offer him payments for KEEPS FOOD IN

putting into an "acreage reserve"part of his land customarily planted in FRESHER LONGER! AT NO

rice, crops as corn, wheat,such and EXTRA resultcotton. phase would Another

contractsin between longrange the COST! for carrying farmers andGovernment

out soilconservation practices and for use of land for timber or grass or #2600Model other "protective vegetative cover."

The Secretary has met each problem that has arisen with resourcefulSamsomteSTRONGEST... LASTS LONGEST!

ness, respect for facts, and a basic Now a new feature in America's bestunderstanding of agriculture and of selling folding chair: color. At no expeople. In order to keep closely in nonchip,tra cost, allsteelrust-resistantfoldingenamelchair finishwith

touch with farmers and their probin your choice of 10 smart decorator steel constructubular Sturdylems he has traveled about a quarter colors.

easily, wobble. tilt or Folds tion won't

of a million miles and made hundreds stores compactly. Samsonite costs least

lasts longest. in forgets because it thatof speeches. He never

( FREE! CHART 1 COLOR with dealing last analysis he isthe

BROS., SHWAYDER

children. Division, Seating andmen women—God's IE4, Detroit Michigan. 29, InstitutionalDept by his has been accusedSometimes he Samsonite's Please send free new me

critics of showing more concern for Color Chart for allsteel folding chairs.

the spiritual welfare of farm people Name...

than for improvement of their inOrganization of course, the two Actually, come.

.State Zone WITH MILLIONS AddressCity POPULAR

is truth not exclusive. aims are The OF HOUSEWIVES.,. Luggage, Also Makers of Samsonite (Continued on following page) AT ALL LEADING GROCERS Card Tables and Chairs, Classroom Furniture

APRIL 1956 285

EZRA IAFI BENSON

It's so much fun to cook with that, (Continuedwhile workingfrom precedingindefatigablypage) for aWashingtonfatherand-daughterWard at partywhichin thethe the temporal welfare of farm people, daughters served their fathers and he has also encouraged the developthen took them on a scavenger hunt.

ment of qualities that make for a The Secretary seemed to enjoy ringElectric Range richer life. On one occasion he deing doorbells in the neighborhood

clared that "there is little wrong with fourteenyear-old Bonnie. They

with farmers and the rest of us that were fleet enough to win first prize. COOKING integrity, moral courage, and spiritThe Bensons'home nights are a

uality won't cure."source of much enjoyment as well as

Though nearly all his time is given religious training. After the opening ELECTRICALLY

to his official duties, he continues to song and prayer and scripture readlive his religion, to attend the general ing, there may be a discussion of conferences of the Church, and to family problems. Then the parents

brings establish contacts with Church groups and children may gather around the better food on his travels. As the first member piano to sing, or they may put on

for Sister records dancing. the a position in some to hold Church with of as saying Benson has been quoted cabinet, the his wife he and and famless work ily have attracted widespread attenthat "we often dance away our

tion to the standards and teachings troubles,"but many who know the of the Church. Secretary Benson is family are more impressed by the

Buy from Your Dealer the first clergyman to serve in the way in which she organizes and mancabinet in one hundred years. He has ages home and family. Although she

been widely recognized for his meritois gentle and softspoken, she pursues

Be Modern rious service and leadership ability. her aims with great tenacity and enNumerous citations and special recogdurance. In hours of trial and disLive Electrically nitions have come to him, including couragement she has sustained Elder

seven honorary doctorate degrees. Benson and in moments of triumph

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. and elation she has maintained a

The Benson family has been widely womanly sense of proportion. Prayer

*- publicized and honored for its in the home and a spirit of coopera- practices and achievements that are tion keep troubles from arising.

rooted in the gospel. The articles in The home nights serve also a means 5*a* /4U dye*—

national magazines and newspapers of settling family problems. All the

plus national TV and radio programs children participate in the discusVITAMINSAND featuring the Benson's cooperative sion of such questions as the color plan of family management, their of the car the family is about to buy, MINERALS home nights, their sense of cohesivewhat they should watch on teleDrink them in ness, and their devotion to high vision, and how the household duties ideals are too numerous to mention. shall be divided. When all the arguOn one occasion the Benson family ments have been presented, a vote is

delicious juice form—use a gave a demonstration of their home taken in the most democratic fashion,

SWEDEN Speed JUICER night for President and Mrs. Eisenwhich means that the youthful point

Whatever your age, there are hower. On other occasions Sister of view often prevails. Such a vote

nutrients natural for you in Benson and her daughters have enterresulted in the purchase of a red car juices of carthe freshmade rots, celery, apples, cabbage, tained the First Lady and the wives despite the Secretary's preference for etc. Enjoy their true natural of cabinet members in the wholeblack.

goodness, delicious flavor with a Sweden Speed Juicer. Fully some atmosphere of a Mormon home. The children have all excelled in

guaranteed. An ideal gift. Sister Benson was honored as the Church, school, and civic activities.

outstanding "Homemaker of the Reed, 28, a former Air Force chapJuice in seconds. Year"(1955) by the National Home lain, and now Washington Stake

Easy k Easy toto operateclean. Fashions League. She has served in mission president, is working for the

executive and teaching positions in Republican National Committee de- u.l. & C.S.A. ward, stake, and mission capacities livering talks across the country and

APPROVED wherever they have lived. Her tested assisting his father in congressional

counsel is frequently sought on matpolitical matters. Mark, twentyseven,

leading At departters of homemaking and child trainwho married Lela Wing, has two ment, appliance healthfood and ing. children. With a master's degree

stores, or write for free folder. Washington has not disturbed the from Stanford University, he is in

fine relationships in the Benson home. business in Salt Lake City and serving

occasion in positions in of the leadership the Secretary On one when CWCDCN invited important missons dinner Church. to an Both have filled WSPEED JUICER OTHERSPAT. NO.PENDING2297080 was

SWEDEN FREEZER MFG. CO. he responded, "Sorry, I have a date sions for the Church and served as

DEPT. JI4JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH. with my daughter Bonnie."It was district presidents. Barbara, twenty286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

one, married Dr. Robert Harris

Walker and lives in Calgary, Alberta,

Canada. Beverly, eighteen, is a student at BYU. Bonnie, sixteen, attends Roosevelt High School in Washington, and Flora Beth, eleven, is in

elementary school. Distance haschanged means of communication but rtjfr*

has not weakened their feeling of family solidarity.

It is no secret that Elder Benson has found much of his strength, his determination, and his inspiration in.. and

his home.

Throughout his career Elder Benit's good high degreeson has demonstrated a A courage,of spiritualmindedness, and for them strength of character in three spheres of Milk

Baking Royal life,of activity: religion, family and

Salt Lake and Ogden Co in Every Loafagriculture. that have The influences

been dominant in his life are his pioneer Mormon heritage, his childEnriched with VITAMINS and IRON hood in an ideal Christian farm home, his service in the Church, and the inspiration of a wifecompanion of exceptional talents, faithfulness, and devotion. A deeply religious man, he YOUR ERAadheres to his principles without comGRIND YOUR

promise regardless of what the cirSUBSCRIPTION cumstances In Washington may be. OWN WHEAT MAY EXPIREhis is as well courage superb moral

known as it is in Salt Lake City. At

the same time he is a man of warm... when you're least expecting

human understanding, with a fine it. But it needn't. For, by knowtolerance for other people's religious Model 2040 ing the expiration date—and by

convictions. renewing at least two months

His philosophy of life stems from HOBART MILL before that date arrives—you

the gospel and the United States will grind can insure against missing even

Constitution. "It is my firm belief,"wheat for a single issue of The Improvehe often says, "that the God of heavflour or cereal ment Era.

en raised up the founding fathers and (Five different inspired them to establish the Congrinds) Check the address label on the stitution of this land."He regards back cover of one of your

freedom as a "Godgiven, eternal copies. If the numbers on the

principle,"a heritage "more precious last line read "036"for example, than life itself."But he believes that the last issue we can mail you

free men can attain their greatest under your present subscription rebuilt This Mill is a Duty Vs hp Heavy selfinitiative,potential only through 1956. be March

originally (not refinished) sold for will which reliance, cooperation, work, hard and in in $240.00. for use Over 600 Utah just mail your payTo renew grinding of Unconditionallyprayer; that wheat. form republican our Guarangovernment has its roots deep in the teed against any defect for one year. ment of $2.50 along with a copy

soil; and that the end of all governPrice $60.00 f.o.b., Salt Lake City of your address label to

ment is to be the servant, not the master of the people. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOBART SALES AGENCY

While he has been struggling to 919 So. State—Salt Lake City, Utah 50 No. Main St.

theimprove farmer, lot of the Elder

Phone EM 4-1684 Salt Lake City, Utah to millions of hasBenson conveyed people a new sense of values. He has

demonstrated in his own life the supreme practicality of Christ's teachings. Long after his work as Secretary DRINK FOR THE DISCRIMINATING TRAVELER

of Agriculture has been finished, he 6 BLOCKS WEST OF will be recognized as an exemplar of LOS ANGELES TEMPLE

A delightful HOTEL life itself ficq of ALPHA MOTOR that holds withina way for those hot beverage

Monica Boulevard Santa '11022 to ofthe solution the world's key coffee. don't drink who

... CALIFORNIA LOS ANGELES WESTproblems. GROCERS YOUR AT

APRIL 1956 287 Pa,Wow

BEE HIVE AND SCOUT FUN NIGHT

MERLO J. PUSEY

11/Ierlo J. Pusey, whose article

about Elder Ezra Taft Benson begins on page 234, is a native of Woodruff, Utah. He was

graduated from the old LDS University and the University of

Utah in Salt Lake City. He

spent six years in the editorial department of The Deseret News before going to Washington, D.

C, in 1928, and is now associate editor of the Washington Post.

He is a former instructor of journalism at George Washington University. In 1952 he won

the Pulitzer Prize for Biography,

Merlo J. Pusey the Bancroft Prize, and the Taminent Institute Prize. His writings

include: The Supreme Court Crisis, Big Government: Can We

Control It?, the twovolume authorized biography, Charles Evans

Hughes, and a soonto-bereleased book on President Eisenhower.

Orem (Utah) Stake has a very successful Bee Hive and Boy

Scout fun night in operation. Every other Saturday night, from

Emlyn, Kentucky 6:00 to 8:00 p. m., a record player is heard in one of the ward

Dear Editors, recreation halls in the stake as Scouts and Bee Hive girls dance.

just can't express my thankfulness for The Improvement Era It is held at a different ward each time, and of course refreshments are served. officers Parents teachers and responded ward and have elders. of the I of the through compliments coming one to me

call to of getting the the to people nights these fun young and I of the of Christ Saints Latterday of Jesus Church a member am again. it's great. people themselves young think home The I since sixtyback old, years eleven been have and was and now I am

four. This book means a lot to me as I am an isolated Mormon.

But I am still a Mormon, and I bear my testimony that I know

I am in the true Church and proud of it.

Yours in the gospel, hi Myrtle Wallace Dear Editors: Beppie, Japan

HPhe Era is the most outstanding magazine I have ever read. I

Inglewood, California * always look forward from one month to the other to receiving

Dear Sir, the Era.

this for grateful wonderful very magazine, ImproveThe1am Since I have been the has helped in the army Era more me it I find Era. talks, etc. for very a source good ment times than talks one on preparing for for School Sunday and

it I grateful Also because to a makes be proud am me member activities. other many

I this true live of in close Church. Inglewood to the enough

is truly The Improvement Era of all a magazine magazines! for this temple, and Improvement The I am grateful.

sure of the Era also I am will agree every member Church with me. of this bring helps true testimony out Church. my

Sincerely, Sincerely, hi John Dahl Ft. Bliss, Texas /si Pfc. James A. Weston

LDS SERVICEMEN MEET ABOARD USS BOXER

Dart of the LDS group aboard the USS Boxer, an aircraft carrier recently completing a tour of the Orient. These men have

been consistent in holding their scheduled meetings, and have recorded at least one baptism from their investigators. Those

appearing in the picture are: First row, left to right: Dean Samuels,

Long Beach, Calif.; Robert Young, Salt Lake City; Alan Hanline,

Brigham City, Utah; Bud Allison, Butte, Mont.; Kenneth Durrant,

Jr., Heber City, Utah; Jerry McDonald, San Leandro, Calif. Second

row: John Meyer, Anaheim, Calif.; Glen Thomas, Tetonia, Idaho;

Bill Jensen, Brigham City, Utah; Randal Richardson, Kansas City,

Mo.; Thomas Brannan, Las Vegas, Nev.; Lloyd Anderson, Rupert,

Idaho; Wesley Burton, Alliance, Neb.; Wayne Johnson, Salt Lake

City.

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Give your living room this new, modern look

with Fuller glass building products

Something new and wonderful has it with graceful panels of fluted transDemand the Best happened to this living room! Look lucent glass. And unframed Fuller mirFuller GlassfinestBuildingyou canProductsbuy are the

above and you will see the before and rors have been used as table tops to add

Plate Glass Mirrors Sliding Glass Doors after proof of how Fuller's own decofurther sparkle to the room, as well as and Windows Glass and Fiber Glass rators can work their magic in transto give protection to fine furniture.

Panels Louvre and Casement Windows forming your outdated rooms into W. P. Fuller & Co. can work the same Door and Window Screens Chrome

new and sparkling living areas—with magic for you, in any room in your Bathroom Fixtures Tub Enclosures

Fuller glass building products! house—and at a surprisingly low cost. Shower Doors Medicine Cabinets

A modern Fuller sliding glass door For full information, consult your and Fuller glass walls have opened one nearest W. P. Fuller Branch. They will

of thewhole Fuller& Co. the lovely end to help room to with your be most happy you

patio garden beyond. ornate and as well as problems, The remodeling West's give FULLR W.RThe

fireplace mirror has been replaced by you a free estimate of the cost. In many Leader ina beautiful Fuller custom mirror of cases the complete remodeling job can PAINTS Paint and

Pittsburgh Plate Glass. The entrance be done for you under Fuller's Easy &GLASS Glass

door has been dramatized by flanking Payment Plan for Home Improvement.

...

Planned Futures

: -:::::..-:..-::.-:.-.-..-,:.:::::.:..;-.;;.

/.:

There 11 be some changes made.

There'll be more than just diaper changes when this signal the time to take a fresh look at your life inyoungster comes home. A new addition to the family surance coverage. How long since you carefully exalways means new responsibilities, new financial obliamined your own life insurance program? For helpful

gations. A new baby, an increase in your income, the advice, without obligation, consult your friendly Benepurchase of a new home—these and many other changes ficial Life Insurance counselor.

David O. McKay, President

Your Beneficial Agent has had special training and yearsBENEFICIAL LIFE of experience that will help him 'nMitiitwe evaluategram in yourtermslifeof insuranceyour presentproneeds. For competent counsel, call

Al West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah him soon.