-.-:( Mm n

.xr:Mi:ii:::i:::s)/:j; i.*,s*s>*9

w> >

SEPTEMBER 1956 jelly...and fresher flavor So easy! 50% more

because you boil only 1 minute with SUREJELL or CERTO!

JU

Recipe: perfect homemade grape Bring to boil over high heat, stirRemove from heat, skim off foam SureJell and Certo are brands

jelly. Crush 3 l/i lbs. ripe Conring constantly. At once, stir in 7 and pour into glasses. Paraffin at of pectin... the fruit substance

cord grapes. Cover, simmer 10 cups sugar, bring to boil again. once. Yield: 12 medium glasses that causes jelling. The amount

min. with U/i cups water. Place Boil hard 1 min., stirring conat the cost of mere pennies a ofpectin in fruits varies—so Surein jelly bag; squeeze out juice. stantly. This short boiling time glass! And you're sure of perfect Jell or Certo takes the guesswork

Mix 5 cups j uice with 1 box Suregives you fresher flavor! And less results with all kinds of fruits out of jam and jelly making.

Jell in big saucepan. (Or use liqjuice boils away, so you get up to when you use powdered SureRecipes with package and bottle.

uid Certo—recipe on bottle.) 50% higher yield Jell or liquid Certo! Products of General Foods.

How can a crisp cookie be so * by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. meltingly\

tender? J ast year 19,962 book titles were published in the United Kingdom and

12,589 in the United States. A survey

made by the American Institute of Public Opinion and foreign affiliates found only 17 percent of adults were reading It isn't easy f but Purity books at the time of the most recent survey in the United States compared does it by the bagful..

with 29 percent in a 1937 survey. Recent

surveys in Canada found 31 percent,

Australia 34, and England 55 percent reading at time of survey. In the

United States 57 percent of the high school and 26 percent of the college graduates have not read a book in the past year. Five of six college graduates

had not read a serious book outside their fields of special interest during the preceding several months.

TVTeasurements on 1/10 acre plots by the Intermountain Forest and Range Experiment Station in the Wasatch Mountains of Utah found that for an elevenyear period, 193645, there was a total of 448 inches of precipitation with a trace of surface runoff and no eroded soil when the original aspenherbaceous cover was present. When

the same area was denuded of cover in the sixyear period 19471952, there were 271 inches of precipitation, 2.9 inches

of surface runoff and 60.6 tons of soil

per acre eroded away.

rR.'R. S. Manly of Tufts Dental College has spent two years testing

nearly 2,000 substances as antienzymes, Cookies that remind you of longago visits to of which about a hundred stop acid proGrandma's kitchen!

duction. Research is continuing to find

which substances will be most effective PECAN SANDIES—light golden cookies with a

and also nontoxic for use on teeth. tempting sandy texture that melt deliciously

in your mouth. Nubby with chopped pecans.

Icy adding sesamolin, an oil from the sesame seed, in equal parts to And that flavor! Buttery rich,

pyrethrum, the insecticide's insectkill- ing power is increased 31 times or about sugary and pecanish—practically irresistible!

two and a half times better than present additive boosters. Sesamolin does not

affect pyrethrum's low toxicity to humans and warmblooded animals. Commercial utilization should follow in time PECAN SANDIES

the working out of the chemical structure of sesamolin by Dr. Morton Berozaof the United States Department of "'PURITY

Agriculture. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

SEPTEMBER 1956 609 Adam and Eden

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAHFAST... because he's a

Each of us identifies himself with the English language, means the life of the of territory, land, country, city and the city dweller. At the sameprofessional painter concept

a district, or other part of the earth's time, the conception of each man sitting surface. When we say we are Englishunder his own vine and fig tree, man

men, Canadians, Frenchmen, Americans, on the land, on his own piece of land,

Mexicans, we usually think of ourselves in control -of it, and master of his little on a plot of ground, a spot on the map. rural kingdom, is a thread running

We belong to a ward, a stake; we live throughout all our literature. If civilizain a city, a county, a state or province; tion is the result of city growth and

or in a branch, a district, or a mission. city life, the memory of man seems to

We work for a certain company and run back to an earthly rural paradise, serve a certain "territory."We are much an Eden of private occupancy. Man

identified with imaginary lines drawn then projects the memory of the race on the map. They are carried in our into his future dreams.

minds as real and permanent (or semiIn the United States of America in permanent) guide lines to all that we the nineteenth century, the dream of do. free men on free land reached grand

Most human organizaproportions. The Missistion has to do with the sippi Valley and the

concept of territory and western plains filled up territoriality. Even our with men and women on

professional societies and;* their own family farmassociations are called the steads. In the Utah

"Los Angeles County frontier, as Dr. Lowry

Medical Association,"or Nelson's studies of the the "British Medical AsMormon Village have sociation,"or carry some demonstrated, the comother tie to lines on the pact village, city, or town map. pattern was retained. The people lived

it, the farm. control of of in the land a piece and and worked on town The

is J. AST any paint the word for

of sense elsewhere, large job done the property, places people the In in loom many professional your Contractor. Painting by

He has the tools and equipment that help human affairs. Abraham left Ur of the both lived and worked on the farm.

him finish an exterior or interior in the Chaldees and sought a new land of Villages and cities grew up later at the shortest possible time. promise. The quarrels of his descendants crossroads. The Mormon people seem

And your Painting Contractor is neat. over occupancy of that land make some characteristically to have viewed themHe carefully protects furnishings, floors of today's headlines. selves as "farming"people; as people

or shrubbery—and without annoying fuss A curious parallelism marks man's living "on the land,"i.e. as rural or or bother.

sojourn on the land. In the main, hiscountry folk. This has probably never

His long experience assures you of beautiful results that will give complete and tory and literature celebrate the city or been really true. Certainly today Morlasting satisfaction. village and the city dweller. There are mons are an urbanized group. They

For names of reliable Painting Contractors, notable exceptions. But take the Bible, are commercial, industrial, professional,

call your Fuller Paint Dealer. and note how important are the cities service workers in the main, not farmers.

and towns: Ur, Hebron, Jerusalem, BethWhy do we think of ourselves as a solehem, Jericho, Tyre, Sidon, Antioch, ciety of farmers? As country folk? And,

cities of inhabitants ful. the after the world's But Jacob and Moses, howW. P. FULLER & CO. Damascus. Pastoral scenes are plentiwhy do most Americans? Do most of rural as think of themselves stories, or incidents events, and villages can many

you visualize in a rural farm situation rather than urban? Adam, Eve and

is, apart from either an urban, their Eden, the concept of an earthlyThe West's leader FULLR that nomadic, pastoral, tribal group (like paradise lost—and the urge to regain

in paint and glass PAINTS Moses and Israel) seeking an urban that paradise—seems to be a powerful

setting? In secular affairs, Athens, image. It may be twisted, bent, dis-

& GLASS Sparta, Thebes, Troy, Rome, Paris, Lontorted. But from station wagon and

don, New York, Moscow, Peiping, Calswimming pools in suburbia, to geraboxes in the tenements, over life the to tower image cutta and events. nium seem sure to askBe your Painting Contractor to

or everpresent today, at least in seems in Asia, Mongol, the Chinese, Even latex wall Fuller use paint and woodwork—FULCOLOR. Hindu village and village culture seem North America and Western Europe.

He'll be glad to, because FULCOLOR goes to predominate. In carrying this image in our minds,

easily. It evenly, has on smoothly, no "painty"

odor, can reoccupy so you a room only one Plato in his Republic depicts the evertogether with the constant reminders hour after he's finished. Choose your favorite increasing complexity and specialization of territoriality, are we missing some

paint colors from the famous Fuller Jewel which characterize the city. The word of the real perspectives of contemporary

Case at your Fuller Paint Dealer. civilization itself, as it has come into the {Continued on page 686)

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Add these New LDS Books to your Library...

itOVS

fflS/&X

1. DOCTRINES OF SALVATIONVol. Ill 5. GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH IN

Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fielding Smith ENGLAND AND WALES COMPILED BY BRUCE R. McCONKIE

This third volume in the series gives pointed consideration to many of the BY FRANK SMITH AND DAVID E. GARDNER

most fascinating and little understood principles of the gospel such as the is important signs volume of the for a must times, interanyone prophecies concerning the Second of Christ Coming and This ested the in doing genealogical events research will which in England precede and attend that glorious day. other Many

vital Wales. and Contains subjects 18 informative described chapters with and discussed. $3.25

illustrations. 60 important aid to A tremendously

research. $3.00 2. PAUL'S LIFE AND LETTERS

BY DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY

Here is a reference great new text for the 1956 Doctrine Gospel of study. Many, course 6. HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH many facts and experiences life in Paul's are presented

with rare insight into his ministry. $3.25 BY HIS MOTHER, LUCY MACK SMITH

3. IT'S YOUR LIFE TO ENJOY Here is an intimate look into the inspired life

of the It beloved Prophet Joseph. with is packed J. BY WENDELL ASHTON

rich exciting historical and truths. Dictated by This is a book for those in would keep heart. young who From the covers Lucy Smith Mack edited in 1845; for reading modern of Instructor,""The here articles filled are 52 with anecdotes, glimpses Preston by Nibley. $3.00 at interesting places great and people, sound and philosophy. LDS $2.50

4. TO LOVE AND TO CHERISH

BY PETERSEN MARR EMMA BOOKCRAFT Sept. 1956

Here is the moving account of the terrible price one paid man when he 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah set aside his family marriage and vows, a Told by storyteller, master this inspirational volume instils a desire 'to love and to cherish"the Please send the following circled books:

marriage covenant. $2.00

3 4 5 6 12 for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ).

Name BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE Address

wmmmmmmmmm 1186 SOUTH MAIN City State

SEPTEMBER 1956 611 icia I LJrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke (-nurcn or

speAii6 Kknit

ot otatieraau Jaw/j

Edrtors: - O. DAVID L. McKAY RICHARD EVANS

Editor: Managing L. DOYLE GREEN

Associate Editor: Managing C. MARBA JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: J. ELIZABETH MOFFITT

Research Editor: L. JR. ALBERT ZOBELL,

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- Editors: F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT DURHAM

- S. G. HOMERFRANKLINContributing HARRIS, R. MILTON NIBLEY HUNTER HUGH

- - LEE B. A. PALMER B. CLAUDEJR. SIDNEY SPERRY General - PETERSEN Manager: R. ELBERT CURTIS Manager: S. REEDER BERTHA

Business Manager: AssociateVERL SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. Jne Ccover GLENF. SNARR

Regional Advertising Representative: EVANS THAYER

The goldenhaired girl in a swing in autumn is our cover subject this SeptemThe Editor's Page ber. It is the fullcolor photography of

Bob Taylor.

Some Thoughts on Happiness President David O. McKay 621

Church Features

Your Question: Who Are the Gentiles?

- President Joseph Fielding Smith 622 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

President David O. McKay Reaches 83 Years September 8, 1956 623 50 North Main Street

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Attains 85 Years September 1, 1956..... 624 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North There Main St. Were Shining Jaredites—The Stones, Cont 630 Nibley Hugh

Salt Lake City 16, Utah in Experiences Genealogical Research Johann Georg Jr. Meyer, 635

Jesus Christ, the God of the Old Testament—MIA Reading Course: Copyright 1956 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

Jesus the Christ—III Doyle L. Green 636 publishedciations of bythetheChurchMutualof JesusImprovementChrist of AssoLat-

Talking with Our Father through Prayer...Royal L. Garff 646 terdayscription Saints.price, $2.50All rightsa year,reserved.in advance;Subforeign subscriptions, $3.00 in a year, advance; of Two Members New Genealogy YWMIA Gen635 single 25c copy.

eral Board 614 Melchizedek Priesthood 666 Entered at Office, the Post Salt City, Lake Church The Moves 616 Presiding Bishopric's On as Utah, secondclass matter. Page 668 Acceptance mailing at special rate of postage providedfor

for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Special Features unsolicitedThe Improvementmanuscripts,Era is butnot responsiblewelcomes confor

ceptance at the of rate l%c a word and must Great Caring A tributions. Manuscripts are paid for on ac- B. Rose 625 Mae be sufficient accompanied by postage for

delivery "Carry return. Over"and E. Petersen 626; Mark

Fruits of Wise Leadership Hugh B. Brown 627 Change of Address

Servicemen Eric 640 in West Germany Lynn Johnson Thirty days'

The Planet Mars address. D. H. 649 Whennoticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease inof McNamara

clude slip address recent a issue from of the Bookrack On 639 the magazine. Address changes cannot be Spoken The Word from Temple Square unless old the made address as well as the new

is included. one Richard L. Evans 653, 656, 664, 684

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. These Times, Adam and Eden, G.

Harris, Jr 609 Homer Durham 610

TODAY'S FAMILY—Allie Howe, Editor

About Face to Success, Allie Howe..676 Whitson Norton.680 National Advertising Representatives

Preserving Autumn Colors, Alice Handy Hints.683

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

110 Sutter St.

San Francisco, California S. TOWNSEND COMPANY ies, Poetry EDWARD672 Lafayette Park Place

Los Angeles 57, California To Make A Home Pansye Powell 633 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

The Bride Wore Lace.....Christie Lund Coles 644 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

Frontispiece, Pupils'Progress, Jane Teacher, Leone E. McCune 648 DAVIS & SONS

30 St. N. LaSalle Merchant Daylight, 620 Eloise Hackett 656 Wade

Illinois Chicago, Poetry Page 620 Summer Song, Lance 681 DeLaney

David Oman McKay—Prophet and Before the Sunrise, Cherry McKay..687 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Seek Ye Out of the Best Books Words of Wisdom -D & C 88:118

LDS Books Club Proudly announces as its September selection

THE GREAT MORMON CLASSIC Discourses of Brigham Young Selected and Arranged by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

\/ our membership in the LDS Books Club will

This classic volume is but another testimony help enable you to increase your knowlthat the Lord speaks through his prophets. edge of the gospel, assist you in building your

No LDS library is complete without it. testimony,vantages: and give you these additional adBrigham Young, second President of the

is recogfirst of Utah, governor Church and of all SAVINGS colonizers greatest of the nized as one of about 20% thru a free bonus book plan. spiritual first he foremost but times, was a and

leader and teacher. Working over a period

of many months, the great scholar and churchCAREFUL SELECTION man Dr. John A. Widtsoe made excerpts from of ALL books recommended.

President Young's discourses and arranged all in cover which these 42 chapters phases CONVENIENCE reveals Brigham Gospel. The of the book

Young as a man who applied the simple of books delivered to your door.

principles of the Gospel to the everyday affairs of men. The book is

Brigham Young's witness to the existence of God, the restoration of the METHODICAL

Gospel in its fullness by Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and the possibility way of adding to your library.

of securing happiness by obedience to the requirements of the Gospel.

The book contains 498 pages and is completely indexed. It sells for $3.50. BEST NEW LDS BOOKS

as they come from the press.

BOOKS COMING NEW CLUB THE HOW will Several important which books new CLASSICS LDS be OLDER selections off the LDS press Books Club will be WORKS PLAN above. such as the one

this fall. 1. You join the club by ordering the book

one of or Young"of Brigham"Discourses the FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW coupon. You in the describedfour alternates

if books of the or more order twomay

BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah you LDS along mail Fill the and coupondesire. out Gentlemen:

with your check or money order. (C.O.D. orders Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the current

are accepted from U. S. or possessions.) Your selection. Discourses of Brigham Young, or/and the alternate(s) below. I understand that I

selection will be mailed to you immediately. will receive a free bonus book with each four selections I buy.

2. Each month after you become a member NAME

you will receive in the mail reviews of several ADDRESS books, carefully selected, with one named as the book of the month. If you wish to reCITY AND STATE

ceive the top book you do nothing—it will be Amount of Check or Money Order enclosed $ Please send C.O.D.

sent to you in the mail, postpaid, along with (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

a statement. If you do not want the book, G Please send Discourses of Brigham Young—$3.50.

you return the post card provided for an - ALTERNATES - alternate choice (or none at all). Please Send:

$3.25 3. After you have purchased four books, a Q JesusTalmageThe Christ, by James E. $3.00 Doctrinesby Josephof FieldingSalvation,SmithVol.

fifth will be sent you FREE. You select this A study of the Messiah and his mission. Contains much valuable material on many

bonus book from a long list of choice Church M.I.two A.years.reading course book for the next gospel subjects.

books which will be provided. HomeMcKay,Memoriesby Dr. Llewlynof PresidentR. McKayDavid...O.$3.75 BibleSaints,Storiesby Emmafor YoungMarr PetersenLatterday $3.00

4. You need order only four books during thisIntimategreatglimpsesleader. into the home life of Wonderful,the Bible toldfaithin apromotinghighly readablestories style.from

the year, but you may order one or more each month, if you desire. If you do not wish to mutilate this page, send information required on a separate sheet.

SEPTEMBER 1956 613 TWO NEW MEMBERS OF GENERAL BOARD from Baldwin YWMIA

America''s first family in music

Lorna M.

Tayler

Lorna M. Tayler and Dorothy Jacobson, both Salt Lake City high schoolteachers by profession, have been called

to the general board of the Young

Women's Mutual Improvement Association.

Miss Tayler was graduated from the

University of Utah. She has also attended the University of Hawaii and

has taught art in Honolulu. She was a

HP member of the former Salt Lake Theatre group. Her Church activities have included supervisor of the Junior Sunday

School in Liberty Ward, Gleaner in- a superb new organ structor in Liberty Ward, Junior Gleaner instructor in Harvard Ward, stake activity secretary, counselor, YWMIA

Liberty in...Baldwin Model 5A and president of YWMIA

To the Baldwin Model 5, for more than 8 years the most wanted of all (Salt Lake City) Stake.

electronic organs for church use, Baldwin now adds outstanding new feaMiss Tayler's first assignment with tures, creating a comprehensive new instrument, the Baldwin Model 5A. the general board will be with the

drama committee.

STOPS

SWILL GREAT PEDAL

8'16'16'Violin Bourdon Diapason Diapason Open 8'8'6'1 Flute Dulciana Diapason Stopped Open 8'8'6'1 Salicional Flute Bourdon NEW 8'8'8'Cello Dulciana Trompette 8'8'8'Clarinet Flute Tuba NEW 8'4'8'French Horn Octave Principal NEW 8'4'Flute Orchestral Rohr Oboe NEW NEW COUPLERS 2'8 Fifteenth Vox Humana NEW 8'8'4'Pedal to Swell Flute Orchestral NEW NEW VIBRATOS 8'8'4'to Pedal Great Salicet

Full Light, and Medium NEW 4'4'Swell Swell to Clarion NEW NEW Dorothy 16'2'to Swell Great MANUALS Fiautino NEW NEW 8'to Swell Jacobson Great Swell 61 keys each. Great, and

4'Swell to Great NEW EXPRESSION NEW separate expression pedals for each manual with special switch to control pedal tones from desired manual.

PEDALS 32 note, concave, radial, detachable—built to standard specifications.

ACCESSORIES Tone Color Variant MainFull Echo Switch Operating Pilot Light Pedal Light

AMPLIFICATION SYSTEM NEW—Provision is made in the console for two channel amplificaMiss Dorothy Jacobson, like Miss

tion—with manual tones amplified separately from pedal tones. Tayler, was graduated from the Uniof versity of was a member and Utah

IE96, Division, Cincinnati 2, Ohio The Department Piano Company, Organ BALDWIN group. Salt Theatre the Lake former

information Send Baldwin [Zl on Model 5A New in following the served She has YWMIA information Electronic other Baldwin organs built by Send on [J

Send information on Baldwin's unique ManufacturerCustomer Finance Plan positions; as president, agegroup counselor, Bee Keeper, drama director, and

ORGANIZATION. attendance secretary in the Wilford

Ward; Bee Keeper in Grant (Salt Lake

BY. City) Stake, and as East Mill Creek

ADDRESS. (Salt Lake City) Stake drama director.

Miss Jacobson's first assignment with

L CITY.ZONE. STATE thespeechgeneralcommittee.board will be with the

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Farmfresh honey, natural golden flour...make i * *! If V x i.i.*'* i \;i{ Sugar ///NABISCO

Wfy HONEY GRAHAMS 1/w".*

i

iillli

Finest, freshest ingredients make these grahams wholesome - delicious. And Nabisco bakes them crisp - tender - golden

brown. Perfect for children - they digest so quickly, don't

spoil appetites. Ask for Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams

they're the best!

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

Available in oneand twopound packages.

KEPT FRESH IN

3 IN -ERSEAL WAX PACKETS

SEPTEMBER 1956 615 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

-17 Salt Lake City began its "Days

June 1956 July 1956 ** of '47"celebration in honor of the to days the In pioneers. of the arrival five persons, thousand than A More of Southern conference MIA in pageant a concerts, 4 were there IThe follow of older, seventy or years age each California general concluded with sunperformances, rodeo Park, Pioneer allrepresenting colors, creeds were and sessions in Angeles, the Los under swimming longdistance services, diriseguests of the at the Church annual Old rection of President Clark, J. Reuben trathe Lake, Salt and Great in eventsFolk's in Salt City. Lake Day of First the Presidency, Jr., Elder George the of theme parades. The ditional

Q. Morris of the Council of the Twelve, 1956 celebration was: "They Came in President dedi- O. David Oi McKay and the general executives, of the Mu- '56 in Handcarts."w * cated the Cassia Stake (Idaho) tuals.

First and Second Wardhouse—Oakley The First Presidency appointed It was announced that the averagechapel. 6

Elder president Henry Hatch Ray of the Church all attendance 21 overPresident Fielding Joseph Smith of of the Falls newlycreated Idaho Temple inhas School at Sunday membershipthe of the Council dedicated Twelve

Mission. President selected Elders Hatch period from in the percent 10.5 creasedthe of chapel the Emery Ward, Emery Oscar and Johnson Tucker Joseph M. W. Superintendent 1955. General to 1945 Stake.(Utah)

Elder LeGrand Richards of the Counas his counselors. George R. Hill said that in 1945 the

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel It was announced that the old percentage of attendance at Sunday of the Mt. Pleasant First and Fourth 7 John Johnson farm and home in Schools throughout the Church was

wards, North Sanpete (Utah) Stake. Hiram, Ohio, has been purchased. Ac28.2, and in 1955 it had increased to

Elder Richard L. Evans of the Councording to Church history, the Prophet 38.72 percent, or an average of one percil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel Joseph Smith lived at this home for cent increase each year. Total enrolof the Highland View and Highland three years during the early rise of the ment for the Church in Sunday School

View West Ward, East Mill Creek Church. There he received fifteen on December 31, 1955, was 1,196,780.

(Utah) Stake. revelations which are recorded in the The average weekly attendance in 1955

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the Doctrine and Covenants. Approximatewas 406,800 pupils and 56,627 officers

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the ly ten acres of ground will be retained and teachers.

chapel of the Brentwood Branch, San with the home, and the remainder of

Joaquin (California) Stake. the farm, approximately 150 acres, will art Religious services in the wards and

Elder Eugene C. Ludwig sustained as be sold, according to a spokesman for ww branches of the Church honored

president of Grant (Salt Lake City) the Church Historic Sites Committee. the coming of the Pioneers into the

Stake, with Elder Horace W. Tame and It is expected that a missionary couple valley of the Great Salt Lake 109 years

William Sterling Evans as his counwill be sent to the newly purchased ago.

selors. Elder Tame was serving as sechomestead and that it will be mainond counselor in the former presidency. tained center. as an information celebrations pioneer annual The oiPresident Oscar Harline first J. his and wt to a close came communiin Utah

counselor, Elder Richards LeGrand Elder George were W. Fowler, of the ties is or- 8 the wherever and Church

released. Council dedicated of the Twelve

ganized. the chapel of the Pocatello Thirteenth Elder L. Boyd Fugal sustained was In Salt gigantic City there Lake was a Seventeenth and wards, Pocatelloas president of the Timpanogos (Utah) parade, a luncheon the honoring few Stake. (Idaho)Stake, with Elders Allen Elwood and remaining pioneers, the of unveiling a

Ertmann H. Christensen as his counof bust in Brigham Salt the Tabernacle Young Lake Choir The Utah

selors. succeed They President Merrill State first 13 Capitol presented building the the of evening by Brigham twoN. his counselors, Warnock and Elders

at concerts family the Young organization, Festival final Rocks the Music RedVilace N. Radmall E. and Lewis Olpin. of performance near Denver, Colorado. rodeo, of the their a conand Some Elder Glen A. Christensen sustained cert in tableau Salt the numbers were accompanied by the Tabernacle, DenLake

firstas counselor to President A. Leo featuring ver orchestra. the Tabernacle Symphony Choir and

ofCrandall the Stake, Koloh (Utah) soloist guest Palangi. Carl

succeeding Elder Perry D. Goodliffe, Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir MThe was the stake. joinedwho the moving from Elder Denver OrSymphony First Presidency announced syr TheChristensen serving in chestra presenting was as second counBrahms'German

of the ww Elder Lorin appointment N.selor. Elder A. Ernest Strong, at Festisus- the Jr., Rocks Requiem Music Red

as president of the Argentine Pace Misastained second counselor. val near Colorado. Denver,

sion, succeeding President Lee B. ValenThe Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir tine. President Pace, who has, recently

of Southern The MIA conference situated in its been in Honduras regular 1 w presented Columbia the US29 California opened. It had diplomatic service, resident is a former been Broadcasting radio System program from

preceded by several days of institutes the Red Rocks amphitheater, near of Salt Lake City. He filled a mission

and road show performances. Denver, Colorado. (This was the bein Argentina about ten years ago. Acginning of the twentyeighth year of companying him to the new field of

OA The day was devoted to departnationwide broadcasting by the choir.) labor will be his wife, the former Marimental sessions at the MIA conferAfterwards the group gave an hourlong lynn Haymore, and their three children.

ence in Southern California. concert in this natural amphitheater. {Concluded on page 670)

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DO IT YOURSELF AND SAVE WITH ALUMINUM PRODUCTS Twice the value... half the price... easily installed by anyone! Wepco

Aluminum Combination Doors and Windows have all the quality features found only in much more expensive products. Smartly designed lines

and rugged beauty give any home distinction and lifetime protection.

Send coupon today for additional FREE information.

. f%. ir fin* extruded ALUMINUM yWVW COMBINATION DOOR

America's highest quality, lowpriced door. Rugged, beautiful, precision built and over one inch thick. Converts in minutes from storm

door to screen and keeps your home more comfortable... winter

and summer! Complete with all hardware including pneumatic door

closer, outside aluminum Z-bar. Never needs paint... can't rust,

warp or bind.

2-LITE DESIGN, 2 storm panels, 1 screen... only $44.95

all aluminum PujOMocRC 3-track COMBINATION WINDOW Tired of taking down screens... putting up storm windows? With

DUOMATIC 3-track design, you have nothing to remove or store.

Changes instantly from storm window to screen. Precision made of

aircraft aluminum for lifetime service. Has stainlesssteel interlock

for yearround, weathertight protection. Anyone handy with simple

tools can install DUOMATIC. AS LOW AS... $18.95

New, Deluxe Windows Wide?

Windows Small? KANGAROO

WEPCO extruded Aluminum SelfStoring

AWNINGS COMBINATION Fit Them All DOOR Here is the door you've read about in Life... the only door

in the world with its own selfstorage compartment. Storm or

Slide in or out to fit all windows. America's most screentom panel.inserts stored3lite insidedesign.bot-3

beautiful awning at a thrifty low price. Rugged, glass inserts. 2 screens. Comdurable... easy to install. plete with hardware.

AS LOW AS... $17.45 complete

r MorrisonMerrill & Co.

P. O. Box 1530, Salt Lake City, Utah

Name

i marvelous Please rushWepcoFREE informationAluminum productson the checked below: Address..

DUODOR, extruded Aluminum MORRISONMERRILL & CO. DUOMATICCombination CombinationDoor Window City

Building Material Distributors I NewCombinationDeLuxe KANGAROODoor

I Wepco Aluminum Awnings State

SEPTEMBER 1956 617 Most Mountain West families agree on these top shows families Do agree on KSLTV on KSLTV $64,000 QUESTION Tuesdays at 7:00 p.m.

ED SULLIVAN SHOW Channel 5 is way ahead! Sundays at 8:00 p.m.

HIGHWAY PATROL All because of the growing Sundays at 9:30 p.m.

habit of Mountain West BURNS AND ALLEN

Mondays at 9:00 p.m.

families... taking 5 for WHAT'S MY LINE?

Sundays at 7:30 p.m.

their family TV viewing! $64,000 CHALLENGE

Thursdays at 10:00 p.m.

GUY LOMBARDO SHOW Sundays at 9:00 p.m.

SCIENCE FICTION THEATRE Thursdays at 9:30 p.m.

channel WeekdaysART LINKLETTERat 1 1:30 a.m.

BOB CROSBY Weekdays at 12:30 p.m.

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pupils'Progress

by Jane Merchant

They zigzag down each. sidewalk crack,

They spin like tops, they dart like wrens,

And constantly keep dashing back

To pick up mittens, caps, and pens.

As well demand that fish be styled

To fly, or that the sun be cool,

As to insist that any child

Should come straight home from school!

SCHOOL DAYS THE HILL CUMORAH PRESERVING TIME

By Gladys Hesser Burnham By Evelyn Tooley Hunt By Ila Lewis Funderburgh

Iresh fruit, ripened and luscious,

Whe held my hand as we walked to school, Against the backdrop of a summer night Sugar by generous pound, her finding way, possessive, Shyly spoon, big longhandled a hill and of a darkened velvet folded The start in the world all out sixyear-oldsAs that's kettle round; deep and light of shafted arc JarsA behind an Displayed

still to hating say important,Feeling boiling, gentle still, Steady and slender, tall white statue, and and roll call after Mother whenGoodbye care, Stirring with skimming and like a of Moroni, statue gem must AThe leave. fragrance oh, wonderful the And gaze the invoke to in splendor forth Set

yesterbig sides were both fills onHeartaches air! the summer That of them, one passersby. I was And Of

year. their gone of thousands had tens who The wings. is feeling college, her at she successful? preservesToday Are my ways

near, little tell I says, letter weekend a while; "See in you some canA again, looked stopped, and But now who

is It paradise!"smelling child range within every are boys DoesThe sublime—saw and

heart; at stab of of slice smile?Suspicions bread Bring marriage a and allmy gloried the heard pageant, moving The

this a breaks gaily, bond though I answer sound to shattered each areHeartstrings new make A OF WORKERS SONG the and the Witness reaffirmed That start... Law Clarence Flynn Edwin By

I holy stood.the place was knew And

CORN ground. "Phe strong go forth to labor

By Helen Harrington 'When dawn is in the sky,

SUNSET CIRCUS When worthy 'tasks are waiting,

Almost two thousand years ago And strength and hope are high.

Christ's disciples walked along a row By Thelma Ireland They meet the hours of challenge

mountains sunsettinted brings evening them resting When men before them—found that TPhe ofthey—likegrain and ate of it. Upon that morn, Until the close of day

painted rose, trained seals, Like day. another To meet corn

is good in time of hunger and a taste Are balancing red balls of clouds to satisfy the tongue. Jacob, faced On each one's pinktipped nose. The strong go forth to labor

with famine, sent his sons to Egypt for it Under the morning's gleams.

lest they die, and joyously exquisite Their hearts are full of courage.

were songs that David, the sweet singer, Their eyes are bright with dreams.

knew Fearless they are and ready sung by the valleys where the green corn Because their hands are free grew. To build the hope of ages,

The world that is to be.

The blade, the ear, then full corn in the ear SUMMER NIGHTS still the pattern—and the fields appear

rich with sustenance for man. Each hill By Alice Josephine Wyatt

and bottomland, the great machines that till Tt is enough to sit on summer nights and harvest, trucks, and mills, and stores Alone where crickets chirp their giddy join in endeavor to provide a food song.

healthful and pleasant for the multitude. It is enough to see the glowworm lights

Weaving noiselessly, a jeweled throng

Still do the valleys shout, the green hills Of beings unconcerned about their source, sing, Untroubled by the mystic, higher plan,

Still are men eager in the garnering! Unorganized for taking things by force,

Lacking ambitions of the greater man.

BREAKING OF THE DROUTH It is enough to watch a dancing star

By Martha Sherwood Johnson Performing for the universe to see.

Less simple things would interfere and

T'he farmer, standing in his doorway,—Photo by Wayne B. Hales mar

breathes The deep enchantment of the night for me.

An air made sweet with cruelly needed rain, It is enough. A man does not contend

As grateful trees uncurl drouthnibbled SEPTEMBER Who finds the universe to be his friend.

leaves And ponds grow full again. By Nell Womack Evans MY HEART TURNS BACK

He knows the stark necessity Of hauling daily water through the blast | ewels of hummingbirds top hollyhocks red, By Georgia Moore Eberling

Of searing winds, and hubdeep dust Avian helicopters hovering o'er head;

Is now a nightmare of the past. Thickets of berries on a rambling fence line, II/Iy heart turns back to days that are no

It is too late for summer hay, but he may Loose clusters of beauty in shades pink to more plant, before wine; When purple dusk creeps in at sunset's door;

The frost comes, now, and ribbound stock Wild asters in medleys of violet and blue; Night is a mother whose soft words restore

may munch Species of honeysuckle in orangeyellow The hope that faded, and the dream that's

Green grass once more. hue; lost.

The breaking of the drouth has left him Blackeyed Susans, goldenrod on sunny Night whispers, "Float, my child, on sleep's warm slopes vast ocean;

frost harbor, where no bittersweet pose scarlet seed enAhead's a summer heart is made Watch With thankfulness—his

pain's burns, nor emovelopes. Of disappointment reach up and he feels he can So strong

touch It is September's mad floral display. tion."

The topmost curve of semicircles, appliSpring in her youth was never more gay The heart is hushed, and all the day's qued Than this summer's farewell in colors so black thunder

In double rainbow's tints, against the dark boldIs stilled; the world is blest with starflung

blue of the storm. Warmth to protect against winter's cold! wonder.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <S5i5si>SvSv5iNxsvxcN

—>**3'CiW$

Some Thoughts On Happiness by President David O. McKay

True happiness is found in the paradoxical sayof material things has been the end, and when ing of the Savior, "He that loseth his life for they are suddenly wiped away, men are dismy sake shall find it."(Matt. 10:39.) Our lives tracted.

are wrapped up with the lives of others, and we There are three means of achieving the happy, are happiest as we contribute to their happiness. abundant life: first, making God the center of

* * * * one's life; second, using the free agency given to

man; and third, rendering service to others.

Happiness is the end and design of life, for man is that he might have joy. The real purpose * * * *

of life is happiness. Obedience to God's will There are signposts along life's highway which,

brings that happiness and abundance of life. if followed, will lead any man to do the Lord's

* * * * will, to know his Son, the Redeemer of the world, is eternal life. And while we are There are seeds of happiness planted in every to know whom

soul. Our mental attitude and disposition congaining this great knowledge which leads to imstitute the environment in which these seeds may mortality, we find the greatest happiness in morgerminate. There is as much need for sunshine tality that can be experienced by the human soul.

in the heart as for sunshine in the world. * * * *

* * * * Wherein then does the secret of happiness lie?

Everybody can enjoy a glorious sunset. You The Savior gave us the key to it when he said:

would have to pay a great sum for a painting by "The kingdom of God is within you."The power

a skilled artist. Only the wealthy can afford it, is within men to choose the right or to choose the

but almost any evening we can look at a brilliant wrong. Happiness is not an external condition:

western sky, and each one of us can say, "That's it is a state of the spirit and an attitude of the mine."Too few of us appreciate what this means. mind.

The opposite to this happiness comes as thieves My experience has taught me that the safe in the night, thieves of jealousy, hatred, animosity, anchor of the soul, and indeed, the security and and the like. happiness in life, are founded upon a faith in God,

upon a faith in the divinity of Jesus Christ and

Many people have lost the proper sense of in his gospel of peace and life, upon a faith in the values and have sought peace and happiness in efficacy of prayer, and in the power of the priesthood as bestowed upon the Prophet Joseph Smith vain in the acquisition of wealth at the expense of and through him conferred upon others who have spiritual growth.

been and are worthy to receive this blessed pos- * * * * session.

To seek happiness or even contentment in Such a faith becomes as fixed and constant in acquisition of worldly things alone is to lose sight its guidance as the Polar Star. It enables one to

of the highest purpose of life. And that is one overcome trials and discouragements, to face life

reason why there is discouragement and why there with courage, to meet disaster with fortitude, and is despair generally in the world. The seeking to find true happiness on earth.

/SEPTEMBERll956"JLjCf l/ l/ (// 3 J CflCC'*5<5QC<c>Q621 % by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Who are the Gentiles?

"In the Gospel Doctrine class we are ministry, he may have lent some color to this thought,

MB&StttM studying The Acts of the Apostles, and for he declared that he was sent only to the house of the question arose, who are the Gentiles? There was a Israel. One striking example was his answer to the

difference of opinion. Are the Gentiles of the blood of woman of Canaan: "I am not sent but unto the lost

Israel? Will you kindly inform us?"sheep of the house of Israel."2 Likewise in the call of

his apostles he said: "Go not into the way of the GenThe definition in the Standard Dictionary tiles, and into any city of Samaritans enter ye not:

of a Gentile is as follows: "(f) Among "But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel."3

the Jews, a person of a nonJewish race or faith; one The ministry of our Lord was confined to Israel, except

who is not a Jew. (2) Among Christians, one who is in the special cases where those of other nations by exneither Jew or Christian; a pagan; heathen. (3) Among ceeding faith sought him for blessings. After his resurthe Mormons, one not a Mormon. 2 Gram. A noun or rection he commissioned his servants to go into all the

an adjective denoting race or country. 3 A member of world and preach the gospel to every creature; thus he

a gens or clan."widened the field to cover the whole earth. 4 It was

This definition does not enlighten us in relation to the difficult for his apostles to grasp the significance of this original meaning, nor does it accurately fit the doctrine commission, so well had they been trained in the thought of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. There that the gospel was for Israel only. Following the conare many races on the earth not members of the Church version of Cornelius their views concerning the gospel

whom the Mormons do not class as Gentiles. The broadened, and they went forth as they had been comPolynesians, the American Indians, Jews, Arabs, and manded to do.

other races of Semitic origin who trace their lineage back In the Dispensation of the Meridian of Time, the gosto Abraham are not Gentiles in the strict sense of the pel was first preached to the Jews, and when they reword. The African Negroes, according to Mormon teachjected it, then it was carried to the Gentiles. In this

ings, are not Gentiles. Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, the gospel is first

The first use of the word is found in Genesis 10:5, in to the Gentiles and then is to go to the Jews. The first

reference to the sons of Japheth, son of Noah, and reads have become last and the last first in this dispensation as follows: "By these were the isles of the Gentiles diin fulfilment of the teachings of our Lord.

vided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after The ancient prophets, Isaiah, Jeremiah, and others

their families, in their nations."Both Dr. Adam Clark understood this order and great promises were made by

and Dr. Thomas Scott, in their comprehensive comthem to the Gentiles. In the restoration of the gospel

mentaries refer to the people who settled Europe, Asia in our day it came "by way of the Gentile,"5 and to the

Minor, England, the United States, and Canada, as Gentile nations it has been taught, and by them it will being of the Gentiles. be carried to the Jews and the scattered house of Israel.

The name Gentile to a great extent has lost its original Latterday Saints pride themselves because they are of significance. It was not used in an opprobrious sense Israel; but they are also of the Gentiles. We are the

and not in derision in biblical times, but referred to descendants of those members of the house of Israel who certain peoples who had not descended from Abraham. were scattered among the Gentiles to be a blessing to

However, in the blessing the Lord gave to Abraham he the Gentile nations and make them of the blood of extended favors even to the Gentiles: Israel through the gospel. The scattering of Israel among

"And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will the nations was not intended merely as a punishment, bless thee above measure, and make thy name great but as the leaven which would leaven the Gentile naamong all nations, and thou shalt be a blessing unto tions and make them of the blood of Abraham, accordthy seed after thee, that in their hands they shall bear ing to the promises given to Abraham. The Book of

this ministry and Priesthood unto all nations; Mormon came by way of the Prophet Joseph Smith, a

"And I will bless them through thy name; for as many descendant of Ephraim, yet it came "by way of the

as receive this Gospel shall be called after thy name, Gentile,"and in the time of the Gentiles.

and shall be accounted thy seed, and shall rise up and bless thee, as their father."1 *Z<l/ /&>U&

Before the days of the coming of Jesus in his ministry the Jews looked upon those not of their race as inferior because they were not the seed of Abraham. Abraham2Matt. 15:24.2:9-10.

They boasted of their superiority because they were of 3Matt. 10:5-6.

the seed of Abraham. When the Savior came in his *SeeBTitleMarkpage 16:1516.of Book of Mormon. D & C 20:9.

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *AA/VV\A/VWVVVnAAAAaAAASVWV*/WVW\*A

President David 0. McKay

Reaches 88 Years

September 8, 1956

dictionary defines the given His leadership, spirituality, and man of great personal courage. He

Thename David as "the beloved."Cercalm, wise guidance have won unhas the keen insight of what should

tainly there is no better description told friends not only for himself but be done, and he boldly charts the of President David O. McKay, our also for the Church and for America. way to accomplish the task. It is a

prophet and leader who attains the It is doubtful if his popularity and thrill to watch him set the pace and eightythird anniversary of his birth, personal appeal have ever been expattern of a program at those times.

September 8, 1956. celled by a leader of the Church. At Once the path is indicated, he waits

The life of President David O. general conference time, vast crowds for the results, knowing that results

McKay has been well chronicled. gather in his path for a glimpse of will come as expected.

(Still, hardly a week goes by without this handsome, whitehaired PresiHe has great faith in the future, someone communicating with the Era dent. great faith in the people, great faith

his in the destiny andoffice of the Church, requesting biographical and at the as with home much He is rethematerial and planning him.) show about a decisions of as leaders the with world he is

First called to the Presiding Coungroup of children who come to visit sults of such faith.

together with his lifecils of the Church as a member of him at his office or who cluster We saw him, the Council of the Twelve in April around him following a Church meetlong companion, Sister McKay, at the 1906, he soon found himself in the ing. music and speech festival at the MIA

great Sunday School cause. In the conference in June. It was one of

of his going out to the far those rare occasions when he couldearly 1920's he was the first apostle We read in modern days to circle the earth places in the stakes and missions of sit in the body of the Tabernacle, and on a worldwide mission tour. the Church to participate in some he was enjoying it. After the beneAfter twenty eight and onehalf activity. Sometimes it is for a rediction President and Sister McKay

years of service in the Council of the gional holiday and observance; more found themselves as usual surrounded

Twelve, he was called, in October often it is to dedicate a Church buildby admiring young folk. As they

1934, to the First Presidency, where ing, to bring to final glorious reality shook hands and chatted with them, his task was much of the administrathe dream of many years for the it was apparent they were happy to his be in the presence of these youngtive work of the Church. He has Saints in the area. We read

been "President McKay"now to a speeches that he gives on such occapeople.

full generation of Church folk. sions. They are masterpieces. And Almost daily President McKay's car

In the comparatively short five and we realize that after he stands at is in the Church parking lot early in onehalf years since he became Presithe pulpit for ofttimes an hour or the morning, and it is usually one of dent of the Church, our worldtravel- longer, he stands for at least that the last to leave in the evening.

ing leader has brought, as he has long greeting the people who have Surely the God of modern Israel is visited our missions and stakes in the come to the meeting to see and hear answering the daily prayers of the earth, a fuller realization of the true his words and wisdom. For all there faithful Saints to sustain the life of

meaning of brotherhood in the are a smile and a hearty handshake. their presentday Prophet. May he

Church. (And this in a Church that There are books and programs to be be with us to counsel and to lead us

has always proclaimed the brotherautographed by the dozens. for many years to come!

hood of man.) President David O. McKay is a Happy birthday, President McKay!

SEPTEMBER 1956 623 lAfUftAAAMVMIAAIVMIAAIMVlAAIIAAAAAAAAAAAAAJW

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Attains 85 Years of Age

September 1, 1956

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.'s graded Sunday School in the Church. the Limitation of Armament; the

first talk in a public meeting, acThat same year, on September 14, AmericanBritish Claims Arbitracording to his father's diary, was 1898, he married Luacine Annetta tion 192425; the AmericanMexican

a biographical sketch of the life of Savage in the Salt Lake Temple. Claims Commission 192627; he was

Christ. He was fifteen years of age He embarked upon a teaching with Dwight Morrow in Mexico

at the time. He must have taken to career, serving as teacher and as 192728; and in 192829 he was the

his subject. Over the years the principal of several schools in the US UnderSecretary of State. He

Church has been made rich by state. Then in 1903 he became a had become counsel for the American

thoughts that have come from his student at Columbia University Law International Corporation in 1913, tongue and pen on Jesus the Christ. School. He obtained his bachelor of where he served through 1923.

President Clark will be eightyfive laws degree June 13, 1906. The year On June 7, 1925, he was appointed

years of age September 1. before he had been admitted to the a member of the general board of the

As a youth in his native GrantsNew York Bar. YMMIA, a position he held until

villc, Utah, he served -as treasurer of While in the East, he carried a misApril 1933. As a member of that

the Primary Association and as presisionary certificate to preach the gosboard, on February 17, 1926, he bedent of his deacons'quorum. pel to the people of the United came a member of the advisory ediComing to Salt Lake City for an States, signed by the members of the torial committee for The Improveeducation, he obtained work as clerk First Presidency, President Joseph F. ment Era.

for the curator of the Deseret MuSmith and his counselors, Presidents He became the teacher of the adseum. In the words of Elder James John R. Winder and Anthon H. vanced theological class in the Salt

E. Talmage, the curator, this was to Lund. Lake City Twentieth Ward Sunday

be regarded as a foreign mission. He He served the federal government School in 1925, and worked out and

served here from 1891 to 1898. by appointments from seven presihad printed a Harmony of the GosIn 1894 he entered the University dents of the United States. They pels, for use by the class. Over the

of Utah. He did six years of prewere Presidents Theodore Roosevelt, years, and with countless more hours

scribed work in four years. He was William Howard Taft, Woodrow Wilof study, the "harmony"became the

graduated June 15, 1898, with a son, Warren G. Harding, Calvin groundwork for President Clark's

bachelor of science degree. He ranked Coolidge, Herbert Hoover, and Frankbook, Our Lord of the Gospels.

first in his class scholastically and lin D. Roosevelt. Throughout the years he spent in

was president of the student body, In August 1920, he decided to bring the East (Solicitor for Department of managing editor of the Chronicle his family back to Utah. Soon his State and UnderSecretary of State)

(student newspaper), and secretary law offices in New York City and and in Mexico (he was appointed to the president of the University of Washington, D. C, were closed, as US Ambassador Extraordinary and

Utah, Dr. James E. Talmage. At the he expected his third office, in Salt Plenipotentiary to Mexico in 1930),

University of Utah he first met David Lake City, to take his full time. one finds him maintaining standards

O. McKay, a fellow student who was But the call to government service and affiliation with the Church of

graduated in 1897, the year before J. soon came again, and his activities in Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Reuben Clark was. the 'twenties read like a capsule uniWhile US Ambassador to Mexico,

In 1898 he became a teacher in the versity course in political science and under President Herbert Hoover,

Salt Lake City Twentieth Ward Sunhistory: In 1921 he served as counsel President Clark preferred his lifelong

day School, and assisted in organizand expert assistant to the American habits of quiet study to extensive ing what was said to be the first Commissioners at the conference on (Concluded on page 660)

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tfJaiWUr-tfftUiiii-/f 'Ib-a&iitffx&t&WlWBX&ih

A Great Caring by Mae B. Rose

"I only ask a great caring—an honest and

humble caring about what happens to human beings..."

-H. Armstrong Roberts Photo

of not alive I do ask that any man so he himself completely? off always together had walked He "We my all I the answers. great ask only a as other a boy, brother been asked father good have my what me &—our honest earing and humble about caring—anknow children. talking has But I told he been about. arwas about now him to what happens their beings and human

hopes—and that I ask of myself as well as rested. He has confessed that he war and whiskey, and they had been

another.—Bonaro Overstreet playedother boys,hookyhasfromhelpedschoolcauseand, greatwith drinking.and the policemenLet's playarelikeafterwe areus. drunkThat

property all right damage. for I cannot brother condone was with my at worrisome the long dayAfter him. wrong. father his things he thought The newspapers He was did was little the office, beat a my heart

faster as 1 entered the door in have great headlines about the crime just the thing. So we joined two

anticipation of a warm welcome and and juvenile delinquency in general. more neighbor boys, explained that

the sound of happy voices. Instead, The people in our community are we wanted to play drunk and tough

the sound of muffled, convulsive sobs greatly upset and agitated. They say men. Then they joined us in play.

greeted my ears. The sobs of a heartit must stop—and rightly so. Already "My brother and I pretended that

broken child chilled the very heart many letters have been written and we were fighting, and were hitting of me. I hesitated but a moment, then printed in the paper blaming parents each other pretty hard. Finally he

approached and placed my hand for the increase in juvenile delingot mad and picked up a stick with firmly on her shoulder, hoping she quency and especially the parent in a piece of wire on it, hitting me on could feel the warmth of my love in a broken home. They say parents the forehead. The wire struck deep.

my hand. After what seemed an should be punished, that they should I ran over and hit him hard and

eternity, she looked up at me with be held responsible for the acts of we both went home crying. Mother

those swollen, big blue eyes, so beautheir children. came out to see what had happened.

tiful, yet now nearly wild in fear. I have tried hard to be a good She treated the place where the wire

fill in had cut, not saying much because she Through the tears she sobbed: "Why, mother to my children and to

oh, why, do they have to say such a vacancy left by their father's death. and my dad were fussing about father

dreadful things about us? I never, I have tried to provide opportunities coming home drunk."

never want to go to school again! I for good wholesome experiences for True, those who run afoul of the

can never face my friends. I never my children. law or who become problems in the

want to see Mary or Bob! Mom, why Where have I failed? My boy is home or in the school represent a

did John go with the boys yesterday? in serious trouble. My other children great minority of our young folk. We

Why didn't he stay at school? Why are almost beside themselves, frusare justly proud of our young people

do you have to be away so much of trated and afraid. They do not ungenerally, and for them we are gratethe time? Why can't you stay at home derstand the attack on our home. ful. But regardless of this, far too

with us? Why? Why? Why?"Must I shoulder the blame alone? many are bringing heartaches and

What could I say to her? The What should I have done? Where great concern. Is there anything we

mother heart in me ached as it had have I failed my children? can do to decrease the number of

never ached before. I love my chilThe desperate plea of this mother heartaches?

dren and want them to be happy was made in our community not so While it is difficult to explain the more than anything in life. very long ago. From the pen of one causative factors where children are

My work at the office had dragged who was a juvenile delinquent and in conflict and giving trouble, we do all day. My heart was heavy because who has paid dearly for his acts, we know that certain things contribute

of John. How could he have forgotten quote the following: (Concluded on page 662)

SEPTEMBER 1956 625 Carry Over* by Elder Mark E. Petersen

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

in terms of conversion to the gospel, or there never can be a "carry on,"and so our responsibility is indeed great. We must understand the precepts. We must be sure our doctrines are true, and we must teach efElder Mark E. Petersen fectively those doctrines and those

principles and those precepts to the greet you MIA workers with youth of the Church with the one 1 pride and gratitude. I, too, am thought in mind of bringing about

very grateful for the magnificent such a conversion within their souls work which you do, for the glorious that they will be impelled thereby to influence which you have with the live33 the gospel and thereby "carry youth of the Church. I commend you on.

for your diligence and your untiring So, brothers and sisters, there is a efforts, and pray that the Lord will great responsibility on the part of each continue with you and make you great of us to examine our own selves and ministers in his Church. see whether there is the proper "carry

One of the inspired theme songs of over"so that there may be the followthe MIA is that lovely number which up of a "carry on."Crowds gathering on Temple Square for

was written by Sister Ruth May Fox We have been gathered here by the the annual MIA conference.

and Brother Alfred Durham, entitled, general boards, and they have given "Carry On."I believe there has never us wonderful and inspired teachings. We can never suppose that there will

been a time when I have sung that Will those teachings of the general be a "carry over"of devotion and song with you when my eyes have boards "carry over"to the stake faithfulness from faithlessness. We

not filled with tears as I have come boards and to the ward boards so that must remember always that love beto that particular expression, "Youth actual practice will bring about the gets love, faith begets faith, obediof the noble birthright, Carry On."conversion that we are seeking in the ence begets obedience.

But each time as I sing it with you I lives of the youth? As the general If you hope to teach modesty, are

am convinced that in order for the boards'teachings "carry over"to you, you modest? If you hope to teach

youth to carry on there must first will your teachings "carry over"to chastity, are you chaste? If you hope

come about a conversion to the printhe youth and establish faith in their to teach honesty, are you honest? If

ciples we hope they will carry on in hearts? you hope to teach faith in the mistheir lives, and that conversion in turn We must be so careful with our sion of Joseph Smith, do you have

comes back very largely to us as MIA teachings. We must be so careful faith in the mission of Joseph Smith?

workers. that we are teaching the proper docIf you hope to teach the principles

If we expect the youth to "carry trine, that we are pointing in the of the Word of Wisdom, do you live on,"we must make certain that there proper way, that all the signposts we the Word of Wisdom? If you hope

is a "carry over"also, a "carry over"set up point to the right road—-the to teach tithing, do you live the law

of two kinds: a "carry over"in the straight and narrow way which leads of tithing? If you hope to teach beprecepts we teach, and a "carry over"to salvation. lief in prayer, do you believe in prayer,

in the practice of the gospel in our But then there is that second part, and do you pray? Are you arranging

daily lives. the practice as well as the precept. that your life will be such that by

We sing another song very often in It takes fire to kindle fire, it has been your example your living habits may

MIA—"True to the Faith": "True to said. Will the way we live the gospel carry over to the youth of Zion so that

the faith which our parents have convince the young people who obthey can "carry on?"

cherished."Brother Curtis has told serve us that they also should live We sing "Carry On."How are we

us so well here this morning that one the gospel? Do we practise what we to interpret it—as a command or an

of the reasons there is a "carry over"preach? In our lives are we establishinvitation? Will you command the

on the part of the youth in the home ing a set of habits which will "carry youth to "carry on,"to go and do is that the parents have cherished over"into the lives of the people we this and do that whether you do it the faith. That same principle must influence so that they will have the or not? Are you going to say, "Do as

hold true with the officers and the same righteous habits? We can never {Continued on page 684)

will be a "carry that there of be suppose teachers the must There MIA.

*Address delivered at the annual MIA Conference, disobedience. from to the over"of obedience over"youth a "carry from 17, 1956. you June

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA make it possible for you to feel at home when you get there.

Someone has wisely observed, in fact it is an ancient proverb from

Tibet, "He who knows and fails to practice the precepts, is like a man who lights a lamp in the darkness and then closes his eyes."

Yes, we plead through you, with all the young people of the Church, that you will gather wisdom as you go forward and realize that with it must go virtue. If you do not or cannot

have an inner peace, all your pleasures will go sour. As Hippolytus said,

"Some have sinned with safety but none with peace of mind."

Now, for a moment, may I say to you officers and teachers of the MIA, and the other auxiliary organizations of the quorums Church—priesthood and others—that your work flowers

and bears fruit at times and in places which you little suspect—often in far

places, far removed from the homes of these youths whom you teach. To

illustrate that may I cite an incident, one which I have referred to in some of the stake conferences, which some of you might have heard, and those of you who have may have a few sleep. quietFruits of moments'I cite this incident

* the young people of totheindicateChurch,thatas

Wise Leadership representedice, have carriedby the onboysmagnificently.in the servThis incident occurred in England in

by Elder Hugh B. Brown 1944. I had gone to England at the

request of the First Presidency as coASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE ordinator for the LDS servicemen.

Church recognizes in every inChurch, the idea of knowledge, of One Saturday afternoon I sent a telegram from London to the base chapThedividual a child of God. The wisdom, of intelligence. You have

Godimage quality in man's nature been telling them, we are sure, that lain of a certain area near Liverpool, is the root to his dignity. The MIA wisdom is not mere accumulation of saying, "I shall be in your camp tohas been proceeding on the basis that fact, however encyclopedic or exact. morrow morning, and shall appreciate

each of these young persons is Wisdom is not mere knowledge. It your advising the Mormon boys who

physical, mental, moral, esthetic, and is its distillation. And as Drake said, are there that we will have a service

spiritual. You, the officers have pro- "Wisdom is like honey. It results at ten o'clock."

I arrived in that camp therevided training in these fields, and the from many trips to many flowers, and When results of what you have been doing like honey, it finds its function in were, as the count afterwards proved, and are now doing are felt in the far furnishing sustenance to life."seventyfive Latterday Saints, all in

a in uniform, batquite and number I earth. ofcorners say the have you to you, through say and we May I tle dress. to chaplain The whom these peoplebeen reminding young stake, mission, ward, to a sent the be wire proved had I you—general, cite status. theirof Godlike May officers of the branch and MIA—may Baptist minister the Southern from recently: wrote Croninwhat all to to through you and say you we for too, States. waiting, was He my life of the and "The aim human of in the people the Church, young arrival, as these ran young and men ofsatisfaction deepest person's each E.] Elder [Mark with what harmony I, it greet to because not out me, was todesires inescapably be grow must if said, just Petersen has would you I of represented, because but what activeinto of likeness greater by God noble, the be be must you among their literally as arms they threw and intelligent of living inimitation him,

If the noble. be you would among I repthat me, was around knowing his plan."toaccording

If wise. wise, be must you would you as as well their the parents resenting in glorifying the been You have

in heart, the be pure you must among to this said minister me: Church, in people of these your youngminds

if hearts. unsullied have you And it?"tell "Please do you how me stakes, the throughoutwards and and

of dwell in the kingdom God, would "Do what?"

*Address delivered at the annual MIA Conference, will as your actions be such must 17, 1956.June (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1956 627 Fruits of Wise Leadership

(Continued from preceding page) of that meeting I sought that boy "Why,"he said, "I did not get your out. I put my arm around his shoulwire until late this morning. I made ders, and said, "Son, what's the

it so difficult fora hurried search. I found there were matter? Why was

seventysix Mormon boys in this you to ask the blessing on the bread?"

camp. I got word to them. SeventyHe paused for a moment and said,

five of them are here. One is in the rather apologetically, "Well, Brother

hospital. I have over six hundred Brown, it isn't two hours since I was

men of my church in this camp, and over the continent on a bombing misif I gave them six months'notice I sion. As we started to return, I discould not get a response like that,"covered that my tail assembly was

and then he repeated, "tell me how shot away; that one of my engines

you do it."was out; that three of my crew were

I said, "Sir, if you will come inside, wounded, and it looked like it was absolutely impossible the to reachperhaps will see."you into We went Elder Hugh B. Brown shores of England. Brother Brown, littlethe chapel. The boys sat down.

I asked "How many here have been up there I remembered Primary and on missions?"Sunday School, and MIA, and home but this has been the greatest spiritual

I think fully fifty percent raised and Church, and up there, when it experience of my life."And again he

their hands. I said, "Will you and seemed that all hope was lost, I said, said, "How do you do it?"

you and you,"and I pointed to six 'O God, the Eternal Father, please Then it was my pleasure to tell of them, "come and administer the support this plane until we reach a him about the Primary and the SunSacrament. And will you and you landing field.'He did just that, and day School and the MIA with its

and you,"and I pointed to six others, when we landed I learned of this various activities, of the priesthood "please come and sit here and be premeeting, and I had to run all the way quorums, the seminaries, the Church pared to speak."to get here. I didn't have time to schools, and the great educational

Then I said, "Who can lead muchange my battle dress, and then system directed by the Church board sic?"A number of hands were raised. when I knelt there and again adof education through the faculty of

"Will you come and lead the music? dressed the Lord, I was reminded that Brigham Young University. I told

And who can play this portable I hadn't stopped to say thanks. him of our missionary system, of the

organ?"There were several hands, Brother Brown, I had to pause a littraining it provides and the testiand one was selected. Then I said, tle while to tell God how grateful monies resulting from such gratuitous

"What would you like to sing, fel- I was."service.

lows?"And with one voice they reWell, we went on with our meetThis minister said to me, "If we

plied, "Come, Come Ye Saints."ing. We sang. Prayers were offered, could accomplish something like that

We had no hymnbooks. The boy and these young men, with only a among the young people of our Chrissounded the chord. They all arose. moment's notice, each stood and tian churches, there would be no

I have heard "Come, Come Ye Saints"spoke, preached the gospel of Jesus more war. Why, I would not dare to

in many lands and by many choirs Christ to their comrades, and bore call on members of my congregation and congregations, and without in their testimonies, and again I say to speak without a moment's notice.

respect to the with due various ones adverselyany what on way reflecting to do church They come know who

I associated with I have usually hear, I think and whom do andwe to that that I going speak and am have heard "Come, Come Ye Saints"labored, they were among the finest they have no responsibility. But here

I ever sermons heard. time heart only everysung once Then the when

is a minister, every seems and man it's I said, "Fellows, time it bursting, as up, and was theyseemed sang every trained to parevery has been man verse without books. When they came for chow. We must dismiss now or ticipate."

to the last verse, they didn't mute it, you will miss your dinner."And,

they didn't sing it like a dirge, but again almost with one voice, they I explained to him that those men throwing back their shoulders, they said, "We can eat army grub any had been taking part since they were sang out until I was fearful that the time. Let's have a testimony meetlittle tots, and I told him further, and

walls would burst: "And should we ing."So we stayed another hour and I say to you, that that experience

die before our journey's through, a half while every man arose and could have been, and was in many inhappy day, all is well,"and I looked bore witness to the truth of the restances, repeated in various camps in at my minister friend and found him stored gospel of Jesus Christ, and the United States and Canada and weeping. each one in turn, in his own way, Europe. Wherever enough LDS boys

Then, one of the boys who had said, "I know that God lives, I know were gathered together, we could rebeen asked to administer the Sacrathat the gospel is restored, I know peat that experience.

ment knelt at the table, bowed his that Joseph Smith was a prophet of MIA officers, teachers, and memhead and said, "Oh, God, the Eternal God."Again I looked at my friend, bers, I saw the fruits of MIA in farFather,"then he paused for what and hewas weeping unashamedly. away places, and under difficult cirseemed to be a full minute, and then At the close of that meeting this cumstances. I plead with you in the

he proceeded with the balance of the minister said to me, "I have been a words of Elder Petersen, "Carry On."

blessing on the bread. At the close minister for over twentyone years, I plead with you to remember that

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the young people of this time espeIt touched him as a touch of steel Be aware of your limitless possicially must have some knowledge "I stepped in your steps all the way."bilities because of your Godlike

of the interrelatedness and interdeThat will be true of you, teachers, status. Live worthily. Keep clean.

pendence of the individual and soofficers, members, all who undertake You will need firmer and purer charciety, of man and nature, of the world to teach the truth in the Church and acter, higher integrity, larger spiritual and God, knowledge of the centrality kingdom of God to its young memvision, unimpeachable and unshakand the necessity of religion, and the bership. They may forget what you able fidelity, and a righteous and

reality of the living God and man's say, but they'll step in your steps dynamic faith as you resist the downrelationship to him. We must teach all the way. This is an aweinspiring drag of this atomic age.

them that religion is no longer periphresponsibility. Go forward and win, and I promise

eral or incidental, but that it is the Let us teach them that morality deyou you can, but it will not be an very queen of the sciences, and this is pends upon one's capacity to be easy fight. Be like those fine young

not because the Church has said so or aware of and to identify oneself in a men in uniform. Be unashamed of

because tradition or superstition have wholesome way with others; that the truth. Keep close to God. I

imposed it upon human credulity: morality is an eternal quest for compray that you may have the ambition

This is true because of the nature of passion in a world often dominated by to be the kind of young men and reality, and as one has recently said, callousness; that every human conyoung women of whom the President

"If there be a God at all, he must be tact, whether physical, mental, or and great leaders of the Church can the ultimate and controlling reality, spiritual must be clean and wholejustly be proud, and can hold you up and the truth concerning him, as best some if the memory of them is to be to all the world and say, "This is man can apprehend it, must be the enjoyed. As James Barrie said, "God Mormonism."

keystone of the ever incomplete arch gave us memory that we might have I say the way will not be easy.

of human knowledge."roses in December."Let us teach Eliza R. Snow put it well when she

Yes, I say to you and to all of us, them that the heart has a certainty said in one of our hymns:

fully the cannot compremind a challenge, the have chalwhich andwe Be fixed in your purpose, for Satan will listen to to the whisperings hend and is tolenge recognize potential the try you

Godlike status of these young peoof the Holy Spirit. Teach them that The weight of your calling he perfectly

ple, and recognizing that, become more important than our theories is knows is path be thorny, Your Jesus but act, may the significant than more way we poignantly remore of our aware nigh you is analysis, faith; for capacity oursponsibility as their parents and is sufficient, opthough arm demons

is intellect valuable our His more than our pose.teachers.

of morality. sense

for just a Referring to moment

I better, sure, in I could not do am of Young young and men women IFather's remind Day, may you officers, closing to to bring than you seniors, the we, your Church, some of officers asteachers that and you are, they say in law "in loco parentis."us having spent almost a lifetime teachers, and members of the MIA for the words of the Lord—his yearning,You do, in some cases, share much of among you—and we thank God pleading words, coupled with a promthat glorious ask privilege—would responsibilitythe parents, with and

ise: for to higher appointment than nolet this line apply to you as it would

work and be associated with you. We... let virtue garnish thy thoughts unapply to any father:

plead with you to keep your eye on ceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax

A father and a little son your goal which is Godhood. Milton strong in the presence of God; and the docstreetCrossed rough a stormy one distil trine of shall the priesthood thy upon day said, of aim life is to come "The chief

little Father,"said"See, one, the as soul the from heaven. dews that God, through and to know"I in steps stepped your all the way."shall constant thy Holy Ghost be The

O random, childish thoughts that deal knowledge to love and to imitate companion, and thy scepter an unchanging

Quick thrusts no coat of mail can stay. him."scepter of righteousness and truth; and thy

dominion shall be an everlasting dominion, and without compulsory means it shall flow unto thee forever and ever. (D & C 121:4546.)

Brethren and sisters, I humbly bear testimony that God has been so good to me personally as to cause me to know from the center of my heart to the ends of my fingers and toes that this is the gospel of Jesus Christ, that the Church is led by prophets of God, that Jesus himself is coming again to live and to rule among men.

I commend you for the fine work you are doing, and assure you of the love and confidence of the brethren with whom I have the privilege to associate. We believe in you, and in your

future. We pray that God will help

us all to carry on to the end, in the

General MIA executives and board members greet conference guests on Temple Square. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

SEPTEMBER 1956 629 There Were Jaredites by Dr. Hugh Nibley

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

pose, but it so happens that the pening of it. But no translation was

The Shining Stones—Continued culiar elaboration of the story in available in any modern language in

Ether later the orienhoursTwenty-four and older with friends talist received his two followsversions—farother andolder,muchinfullerfact, nal?361830, andWhowhocan couldread readit today?the origiIt is

beaming benevolence and a table than anything in the Talmud. And in the difficult West Aramaic dialect

piled with old texts and a number none of those versions was known—not the East Aramaic of the Babyof bound periodicals. when I was a boy. That is what lonian Talmud, which is close to

is more, it modern Hebrew—and so many of the "Well, sirs,"he began as they sat makes me wonder. What

down around the table, "I have seems to me quite unthinkable that words are technical that nobody:i7

something for you! Not much, of anyone writing the Book of Mormon knows what they mean anyway.

course-—that would take some time at that time either exploited the JewIt is much smaller and is considered

but enough. Let us begin by conish sources or knew about them."much duller than the Babylonian

reads that? Rightsidering the Jewish sources that wor- "Why unthinkable?"F. asked. Talmud—and who

ried us yesterday, going from the "Well, first with regard to using now Professor Zeitlin is loudly prolatest to the earliest. The Midrash the material, you can be sure that claiming that the host of scholars at

Rabbah tells us that the various conanyone who had access to this old work on the Dead Sea Scrolls are flicting opinions of the rabbis as to Jewish stuff, whether at first or secone and all unqualified to read the true nature of the tsohar, the light ond hand, had a gold mine of usemedieval Hebrew—which means that

in the ark, simply demonstrates the ful information at his disposal. Yet he is about the only man in America

fact that none of them knew what he never makes use of any of it with who can! The scholars and ministers

it was. 31 Rabbi Akiba ben Kahmana, the exception of this one little note. who studied Hebrew in America in

for example, says it means a skylight, Along with that, the chances of any1830's knew rabbinical Hebrew no while R. Levi says it was a precious one coming across this item seems inbetter than they do today; their whole

stone. R. Phineas, quoted by R. Levi, finitely remote when one considers interest was in the Old Testament,

explains that 'during the whole where it is found, namely, in the and if any of them ever looked into twelve months that Noah was in the Palestinian Talmud."the Talmud, you can be sure it was

Ark he did not require the light of "What is so inaccessible about the not the Jerushalmi. Then too we

the sun by day or the moon by night, Palestinian Talmud?"must not overlook the fact that the

but he had a polished gem which he "Everything. One might have been Jewish accounts do not say that Noah

hung up: when it was dim he knew reading sometime in the Babylonian used the gems for illumination, but

that it was day, and when it shone Talmud, but in the Jerusalem 'Talonly to distinguish day from night."

it like a strange quibseems "That he was night.'32 To illustrate rabbis knew eminent mud? Never!—only

F. this said arrangement, Rabbi odd Huna see ble,"or cite it. 35 ever read Do you

tells a story: 'Once we were taking these four modest volumes? They "Yet all the sources insist on it.

refuge from (Roman) troops in the represent all the printed editions of They never come out and say that caves of Tiberias. We had lamps the Palestine Talmud that have ever Noah used the stones for lamps, but

with us: when they were dim we appeared! Two of them came out only that he used them to tell day

knew that it was day, and when they after 1860, and could not have been from night. That no doubt seems

brightly shone knew that the other we of Ether; author it was used by the to to be strange you, but it happened

to hiding night.'33 reference of edition The 1523 the Bomberg two are of considerable a subject concern and

from the Romans shows that this traand 1524 which as you see contains discussion among the ancient doctors, dition is at least two thousand years no commentary, and the Cracow ediboth Jewish and Moslem. They had

old. But all such stories seem to go tion of 1609, with a very short com- a good deal to say about distinguishback to a single source, a brief nomentary on the margin."ing when it was day and when night

tice in the Jerushalmi or Palestinian "How about translations?"Blank by such ingenious methods as hangTalmud, which reports that Noah was inquired. ing up a black and a white thread

able to distinguish day from night by "Even worse. In 1781 a small secside by side or by distinguishing cercertain precious stones he possessed, tion was translated into German—it tain forms or objects of certain size

became which dim section the not by day and shone was 34 night."forth by occurs, story by the way—andin which thereour wayand certainof thinkingshape.it isYouextremelysee in theirim-

"Is it not quite conceivable,"F. inwas nothing after that until the Gerportant for ritual reasons to know

terposed, "that anyone might emman translation of 1880. Schwab's when it is night and when it is day.

broider these accounts into the JaredFrench translation done between 1871 There was a whole branch of divine ite story?"and 1890 is the best known; Schwab science devoted to the subject, and

"There is no limit to the embroialso undertook an English version in this naturally was the aspect of the dery that can be put on a tale, I sup1886 but only completed the beginshining stones that would interest any 630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rabbi—not the problem of illuminarock, a process requiring a very high north. But it has been so traced only

tion. I can assure you that only a temperature indeed. Now the oldest by following a trail that led to the

rabbi would ever have read this paswritings of India, reporting her oldest earliest Babylonian accounts of guess sage in America a hundred years ago. traditions, have a good deal to say what—the deluge! Later writers

Apart from all this, it is quite plain about a particular stone that shines quote a letter from the philosopher to me that the account in Ether was in the dark;38 such a stone, we are Aesculapius to the Emperor Aunot taken from the Jewish sources. told, can be produced only by subgustus, in which he describes the

As I said, it is much nearer to a far jecting a stone or the heart of a perPyrophilus as the heart of a poisoned more ancient source of recent disson who died of poison to terrific man turned into stone by nine years covery; for example, your book of heat—it must in fact be kept in an in the furnace; he also says that

Ether says that the brother of Jared exceedingly hot fire for no less than Alexander the Great possessed such made transparent stones by 'moltennine years! This would turn it to a a stone, which he carried in his belt,

ing'them out of rock—the word is perfectly clear, transparent crystal, we but that once while he was bathing he

perfectly good English, by the way, are told, and this crystal 'would illaid the belt aside, and a serpent though archaic. Where do you think luminate even the deepest darkness stole the stone and vomited it into

he got the idea?"and sometimes shine as brightly as the Euphrates. 42 Aristotle tells the

"I have read the book to oblige the sun.'39 Meyer and Printz have same story three hundred years earBlank here,"said F. "As I recall, the traced this strange belief from India lier, and other Greek writers know

Lord is supposed to have told him to China and the West, where it is of it many years before Alexander what to do."mentioned by some of the most celewas born. 43 In these older versions

"Nothing of the sort!"cried Blank. brated scholars of the Middle Ages. the stone is interchangeable with the

"In building his ships there were It was even believed in Europe that plant of life—it was a lifegiving stone,

three problems which the brother of the Holy Grail was such a jewel and as the case of the phoenix shows

Jared recognized as insoluble by conof such fiery power that the phoenixor the "medicine of immortality. 44 In

ventional means, namely the problem bird cremated itself in its heat and this form the story is identical with of navigation under condition of perwas thus reborn, for among other the prehistoric Sumerian tale of Gilpetual storm with overcast skies, the things the stone had the power of gamesh and the plant of life, as many problem of ventilation, and the probregeneration."10 scholars were prompt to recognize as

lem of lighting. (Ether 2:19.) As to "And what,"said F., "has that to soon as the latter was published tothe last of these, the Lord told him do with the shining stones of the wards the end of the nineteenth centhat the usual methods of lighting ark?"tury. Printz points out that this

by windows and fire would not do "A great deal, if you will follow relationship illustrates both 'the imthe wording of Ether 2:23 makes it me. The stone was known to the mense span of time'over which

quite clear that those were the Greeks and hence to the Middle Ages traditions can survive and the degree ordinary methods used. But instead as the Pyrophilos or 'Friend of Fire,'to which they can become distorted

of solving the Jaredites'problem for and is most fully described in the in the process of transmission and them by giving them a light on the Indian sources which say it was a still preserve clearly recognizable, spot or telling them how to make one, perfectly transparent crystal and also traits. 45 This story, in fact, seems to

the Lord put the brother of Jared went by the name of 'Moonfriend'go back to that preSumerian epic entirely on his own by retorting to and Jalakanta or 'that which causes milieu that Kramer talks about. In

his question, '... Lord, wilt thou the waters to part.'For among all its the oldest Babylonian version only

suffer that we shall cross this great marvelous properties, such as protectone person can tell the hero how and water in darkness?'with another ing its bearer from poisons, lightning, where to get the plant of life, and

question: 'What will ye that I should fire, and enemies, its most particular that person is Utnapishtim, the

do that ye may have light in your power and virtue was that it enabled Babylonian Noah. He it was who

vessels?...'"(Ether 2:22, 25.) its possessor to pass unharmed had possessed the plant of life which

"And being thus thrown back on through the depths of the waters.41 from the earliest times seems to be

his own resources, what would the "Dear me!"Blank interrupted. confused with a shining stone."40

great man do?"Schwulst asked with "That is surely something of a coinci- "Where do we find the stone?"

a smile. "He would do what he had dence: a transparent stone formed "In the west—in Syria. There we done before—follow the example of with fierce heat that shines in the find a most interesting series of ritual

Noah. So he proceeded to cast some dark and guides and preserves its texts which for fulness and detail are

clear transparent stones in the hope owner beneath the waves! Where do hardly to be matched anywhere. The

that they might be made to shine in you think the Indians got all that?"actual documents cover a full two

the dark.""That has been the subject of conthousand years, and the things they

"Did Noah do that?"F. asked with siderable search,"Schwulst replied, deal with are far older, as a litastonishment. "and it is quite clear that the traditle comparative study will show.

"That is the part I am now comtion did not originate in India, though Through all that period they tell esing to, if you will have a little pait may have been brought there at a sentially the same story, the now tience. First of all, then, the brother very early time by an offshoot of the wellknown 'YearDrama'in which

of Jared made some transparent same IndoEuropean people to whom the death and resurrection of the stones by 'moltening'them out of the story has been traced far to the (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1956 631

i There Were Jaredites (Continued from preceding page) "We may also recall,"Blank comhailed as debunking the Bible! But

hero, his victory over the powers of mented, "that the magurboat of the let us return to our Syrian stone.

the underworld, and his marriage Sumerian Noah was compared with "Jirku has pointed out that the with the Mother Goddess are the the moon, not only because it moon cult of Syria goes back to preprincipal episodes. The hero himwas crescentshaped and wandered historic times, so that what Lucian

self goes by many names, but the through space for twelve months, but is describing is of great age—albeit

ones that concern us here are Attis especially because it was illuminated overlaid, as such old traditions always and Humbaba, whom Stocks has by a miraculous light."are, by all sorts of mythologized and

shown to be one. and the same per- "Then couldn't the whole story of rationalized explanations. 51 Macroson. 47 Everyone knows about Attis a miraculously illuminated ark have bius, for example, says the image of

who is identical with the Syrian come down from an original moonthe Lady was crowned with an arAdonis who is identical in turn with cult?"F. demanded. rangement designed to represent a

the Egyptian Osiris, but as the pre- "A boat may remind anyone of the sunburst of rays 'which symbolize the

Sumerian Humbaba he is less familmoon after it is built,"Blank replied, way in which Mother Earth is made iar.""but the moon cannot have supplied to bring forth life by the fructifying

"A strangesounding name,"F. the model for any workable boat. The rays sent from above.'In his day the

commented. moon is always there for all to see, stone was not working, apparently,

"It is a Hurrian name, like Noah,"but one can only compare it with a but the crown on the image was deif it as a lifeemitted to look the signed only not seen after has one boat replied.Schwulst "That illustrates 52 believes light. Carl giving Clemen well. can as You boats but moon points to that everythingmy remark

a mysterious people of the north. That see from that that our whole story that the report that one of the jewels

of the the Godimage adorned a boat. start know that with You must of investito a lot theopens up way

is the in dark actually shone dess I graves oldest the as as well do that let speculation,gation but and now "53 'naturally an impossibility.'in the world oldest temples the and hero. the Syrian us consider The

most celebrated shrine in the East in contain beautiful and accurate boat- "Do you think there actually could classical times was the cult center of models and sometimes fullsized boats. have been such stone?"F. asked.

this hero and his wife the Syrian Whatever the symbolism may be, they "I think you will find in Athanasius goddess at Aphek. Lucian visited the are always real boats or scale models Kirchner that the ancients were

shrine which he describes as the greatof such. Today the experts are playfamiliar with the properties of such

est cult center in the world. The ing around a good deal with the fluorescent stones as barite, which

principal legend of the place and that idea that these boats refer to some will shine for some time in the dark invoked most often to explain rites great primal migration, for which the after exposure to the sunlight or after and customs observed there was the ark of Noah is the archtype. Granted being placed near a fire. The question

story of Deucalion and the flood, the boat theme, the ancients were would require some looking into, but which Lucian recounts in detail, free to add any ritual or mythological it is notable that all sources describe showing it to be quite close to the frills that caught their fancy, the the shining stones only as parttime biblical account. 48 The vast throngs most obvious being the moon motif illuminators: they seem to fade out

of pilgrims that came to Aphek from which every poet discovers indecompletely during the day. But after

all parts of the world were shown the pendently. But the whole thing beall what we are dealing with here is

hole down which the waters of the gan with a real boat, not with the not scientific or historic fact, but flood were said to have retreated and 'nature myths'that were once so literary and legendary coincidence, told how Deucalion erected at that popular with scholars but have now which can be just as instructive in its spot the first temple and the first been so completely discredited."way. Here, for example, Stocks points

building to be constructed after the "On that point,"said Professor out that the image of the ark at the deluge. 49 The most remarkable obSchwulst, "we must insist that the great Syrian shrine was represented

ject in the temple was, according to Babylonian coloring of this and many by an altar with a burning fire on

Lucian, 'a stone which is called other tales of great antiquity does not it which seemed to be floating on a lychnis, and the name is very approimply for a moment that the story itlake so that the devout could only priate; for by night it gives off a good self has a Babylonian origin. Take gain access to it by swimming."54

deal of light, which illuminates the the Greek stories of Deucalion's flood, "A sort of baptism, eh?"said F.

whole shrine just like a lamp, though for example: They go back to prewith a laugh.

by day the glow is weak. It looks exhistoric times and to sources far older "It is not so fantastic, at that,"

actly as if it were burning.'This than any Bible manuscripts we posSchwulst replied. "Remember, we

stone shone forth from the crown of sess. Yet no one ever suggests that have in things like this a great wealth

the originated story with deluge the capacity in her an image of the lady of and intermingling typology—one

because Simply not? Greeks. could be of moongoddess. 50 Nothing Why another. In the is the type of thing

more natural than to associate with the Greek versions of the story have earliest times the shining stone was the moon a stone that shines by night been known all along and did not confused with the plant of life, as we and is dim by day. You will recall need to be dug up by archaeologists. have seen; and we have just noted

that the principal designation of the If they had first been discovered in that Macrobius describes the light of shining crystal in the Indian descripthe nineteenth century, you can be the lady's crown as lifegiving."

tions is 'Moonfriend.'"sure they would have been instantly (Continued on page 672)

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Waiting for them, seated in a row on the top step of the veranda, sat the twins, Lester,

Chester, and little Debbie.

To Make a Home by Pansye H. Powell

Whenback Johndoor ofFerrishis openedhome afterthe wasButsurprisedas he enteredto findtheMarykitchen,busilyhe glancedkitchen aroundand involuntarilyat the spickand-spanfelt a thrill putting his car in the garage slicing tomatoes and cucumbers for of pride that this was his house. It

at the end of a busy day at the office, salad. The table in the breakfast nook was as attractive and neat as the home

he knew that Mary had been cleanwas set for two, and potatoes were of any other young couple in the ing again. A narrow lane of newsbubbling merrily on the stove. John's town; he would never be ashamed to

papers spread carefully in a path heart skipped a beat at the sight of bring anyone home to this place. If

across the porch indicated the line of the curly headed, trim little figure in only Mary didn't take it so seriously.

his approach to the kitchen door. pink gingham standing by the kitchen She had set out to be the best houseHe knew by experience that another sink. Married only six months, he keeper in town, and she was well on

lane would lead him across the newly still felt at times that all this was the way.

waxed linoleum of the kitchen into unreal—the neat little house, his in- "We're having company tonight,"

the living room. dustrious young wife, the hominess she called, as John settled down in

John smiled indulgently and stepped and security of it all. his chair in the living room to read

carefully as directed. He did not call "Hello, darling,"she called cheerily the paper while he waited for dinner.

out as he would have liked to do, and leaned her face toward him to "The Schultzes are coming to call on heralding his approach to the kitchen be kissed. "Dinner will be ready as us—the Grover T. Schultzesl"

door. Mary would be asleep probsoon as I cook the steak.""How does that happen? I didn't

ably, tired from her allday siege of John smiled contentedly, pressing know you knew them."

scrubbing, shaking, waxing, and his cheek against hers for a second. "Oh, I met her at Relief Society

otherwise recleaning a house that to She was so sweet, so lovable, and so meeting. She's said to be one of the

John always looked immaculate. He unpredictable. Here he was expectbest housekeepers in this town. Her

would not disturb her. Supper would ing her to be tired out from her day's husband could hire all the help she

probably be late, too; but he would activities, and she was apparently as needs, but she prefers to do things

let her sleep. If she were not asleep, alert as she had been at eight o'clock herself. I can understand that, of

she would be resting. when he dashed off to work. He {Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1956 633 mighty good little mother to those

To Make a Home three youngsters—never too busy to

(Continued from preceding page) John opened the door and greeted talk to them or help them."

course; I always feel I can do things to their callers hospitably. Mrs. Schultz "I'll ask one of Helen's girlhood

suit me, when other people can't."was short and thin, too, like Mr. friends to bring you up while she is

John knew about the Grover T. Schultz. John noticed the quick way here,"Mrs. Schultz smiled. "Martha

Schultzes. He was the president of she scanned the room as he escorted Graham's children are about the age

the Center County Bank, the largest them into the living room. He of Helen's. I'll tell her to call for

of the three banks in Lathrop. The thought he detected approval, but you."

Schultzes lived in a big twostory he pretended not to notice her After the Schultzes were gone, Mary white house set back on a spacious scrutiny. When Mary came in, John walked thoughtfully around the house,

lawn. They lived alone, their one could see that she and Mrs. Schultz straightening a doily here, moving a

daughter having married and moved were already good friends. drapery a little there.

to another town sixty miles away. What surprised John was that "Very nice people, the Schultzes,"

John had met Mr. Schultz in the Mary, who had grown up in a comJohn commented, as he locked the

front door. clean, cheerfully little ofcourse untidy but man, fortable, his business—a "Very,"Mary answered laconicalso meticulous about house, could ratherhe was, be a closethin, with

clipped white mustache and gray her own home. She was asking Mrs. ly. "She really must have a very

hair. John had heard that Mr. Schultz question after question about beautiful home. She knows so much

Schultz was henpecked. It was a cleaning agents and the best way to about taking care of things."

joke among the men at the businessdo the thousand jobs that any house- "I'm glad you're going to meet men's club that Grover T. Schultz had keeper has to manage. Mrs. Schultz their daughter. She knows all the

to take off his shoes when he went was generous with advice. young women in town, and she'll help

better acquainted."to becomeinto cookies the the house. were you could While and punch John Now

glasses the carefully washed Mary served, Mr. Schultz mentionedunderstand wife one being was why—his leftover cookies put and away the their thatof her three the in daughter best and town. housekeepers

Over steak and salad Mary comsmall children were coming soon for and punch. "I'd love to see the chilmented, "I do hope the house looks a visit during the children's vacation. dren,"she said. "It's really too bad

all right. She and I had so much in "They're live wires,"he added. that they don't come to see their

more often. They don't girl, grandparents a little at Relief on the daycommon "Two we met boys—twins—and live so very far away."all full everySociety. I don't to give the of pep and into things want

wrong impression."minute."John said nothing, but there was

"Your house always looks right,""How old are the children?"Mary an extra tenderness when he put his

John answered encouragingly. "You asked, as she poured him another arms around her and held her close

don't need to worry. They are coming glass of punch. a minute.

to see us, you know, not the house."Mrs. Schultz spoke up. "The twins rPwo weeks later Mrs. Schultz invited

"Yes... but...."Mary's tone are eight; little Debbie is four."* Mary to meet Helen. Martha

showed that she still considered the "Do they come home often?"Graham obligingly called for Mary.

house most important to this visit. "Not often enough,"Mr. Schultz Martha's two children sat primly on

"We don't have as much as they, of answered. "When were they home the back seat of the car, their hands

course, but what we have can be as last, Mother?"at rest in their laps. They were Jenneat and clean as I can make it. "It was last October, when they nifer, aged four, and Harvey, seven.

Someday we'll have more, too."had a long week end during teachers'They were scrubbed and very polite

They did the dishes together. Mary convention. I so much wanted them when their mother introduced them

gave the living room furniture a final to be here for Christmas, but they to Mary, but Jennifer piped up suddusting before she changed her dress haven't been able to come for Christdenly, "We're going to a party, and and fluffed her curly bob around her mas since the boys were a year old. we have to be good."

piquant face. John's pride was boundThey came home then for a week, but Martha smiled, "They know that

less as he watched her in the doorthey've had all their other Christwhen they go to Mrs. Schultz's they

way, surveying her little domain with mases at their own home; their father have to be on their best behavior."

a critical eye. prefers them there for the holidays.""I don't want to go much,"Harvey

"Think we'll pass inspection?"he "It's certainly nice that they're put in. "She makes you be so carequeried. coming now,"Mary said. "Will they ful. You can't even swing in her

"You will, handsome."She pressed be able to stay longer this time?"porch swing; it mashes down the

a kiss against his cheek in sudden "Oh, they never stay very long cushions if you sit on them. I'd a lot

approval. "And I hope I will—but when they come. Children are so rather go to see the twins down at

does the house look all right? Permuch better off in their own home,"their house. We have fun there."

haps I should have shaken those curMrs. Schultz continued. "I have so Martha explained. "We drive down

tains again today. And I didn't wash little now that amuses them. Toys to Helen's house in Tremonton sevthe woodwork in here; I did it two clutter up the house so, and they are eral times a year. Harvey and Debbie

weeks ago, so I thought it would do."a little hard on the grass when they love to go there. They can play anyShe was putting a pitcher of punch run through the lawn with the neighwhere they please, within bounds,

in the refrigerator when the doorbell bor children. They usually want to that is. Helen has such a happy little

rang. John had already seen a batch go home after just a few days."home. She's not at all concerned

of Mary's luscious oatmeal cookies "Like to have you meet our daughabout housekeeping, the way her sitting on the kitchen cabinet. ter,"Mr. Schultz said. "She's a (Continued on page 663)

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENEALOGY—nameI'm notof goingJohannato argueMagdalenawith youMeyerover thebecause I said in my last letter you have just

as much proof for the line as I have and if you feel that the one that you have is

Experiences correcton that byline.all meansIt beinggo youraheadownand familywork

line you would be in a better position to judge which is right than I am, so I will in whichalter theyou informationhave in yourI possession.have to fit that I Do you have a death notice for Renier

Stefanua Meyer No. 8 on pedigree chart

"A"? If you don't have a death notice Research for him I would suggest that you start from

there again and try and find his wife and get the line going properly again.

According to the information that you by Johann Georg Meyer, Jr. have given me in this above mentioned

letter you stated that Johanna Magdalena

Meyer married a Johannes Matthys Heunis and in that case the line that we have been was very earnest in seeking out I then wrote a letter to the Dutch working on is definitely wrong.

my genealogy and tracing it out Reformed Church in Prins Albert for fulMayworkthewithLordall blessof theyouthingsin thisthatwonderare forI of my native country, South a death certificate of Johanna Magyour betterment and would you please send

Africa. dalena Meyer born 1845. In a few me the information that you have so that

certifi- I will be able to continue on with your I received a christening days the line on It was on my Meyer genealogy. with Johanna Magdathe name to the cate that I came generationfourth

name of my greatgrandmother, Jolena Meyer born February 1, 1845 Through a family record I later obhanna Magdalena Meyer, and had to and christened March 2, 1845, which *- tained, I found that the two trace farther. I knew she was born gave her parents as Johannes Georg Johanna Magdalena Meyers menin 1845 and that she was born at Meyer and Hester Christiana Mulder. tioned were first cousins, but I cerPrins Albert, Cape, South Africa. I again went to the library, and this tainly would have had an incorrect

In Cape Town the missionary in time it was as though these people genealogy if the experience had not charge of genealogy helped check the were sitting beside me, as my mind come to me and if I had not been so records of the Cape. was clear, and in a matter of days I persistent that I was given a wrong

It was not long until I received a was able to trace back seven more line to work on.

letter from Cape Town giving me the generations, making a total on that My second experience teaches me date of birth of Johanna Magdalena line of eleven generations. that genealogy is a game of, "If at

Meyer as November 27, 1845, and I wrote to the missionaries helping first you don't succeed, try, try christened March 8, 1846. Extract me and gave them the information I again."

found. This is the reply I rehad follows: is asfrom this letter at a that arrived again I once name

: ceived It farther. trace to was I had my Meyer: MagdalenaConcerning Johanna

I received the information of her parents Yesterday Mom Yarn received your letter greatgrandmother, also on my fafrom the christening records of the Dutch stating that you had received a christening ther's side, by the name of Anna for record Magdalena Meyer and Johanna of Cape the Archives in ChurchReformed Jacobse, had Susanna I knew who to able that so doing have been you by is of the Christen- a copy followingTown, Province, South in the Transvaal died that find line out that that is wrong weing Record.

have given you. I also have a christening Africa. I was 450 miles away from

it information gives the for record her and letter to province, so a that I wrote MEYER MAGDALENAJOHANNA it has also that given have you and we 1845 November, 27Born: of Court the Supreme the master

witnesses the as sent the you on same down 1846 8 March,Christened: of people notices kept all death who light of so in christening record other the Floris Johannes Meyer CorneliaFather:

Mother: Hester Hendrina Meyer what we have been able to receive it apleaving any possessions whatsoever at

Witnesses: Cornelis Floris Johannes Meyer pears that we have just as much proof one the time of death. He wrote back

I so the other would as have we way Swanepoel Magdalena Johanna of that record said they no had and it is it left as in suggest that agreement be Meyer Johanes Jacobus evidently that she had name, and the mission [then President with Wright Meyer. Fracina Salomina

I could estate. time the Africa] further unless in At president left no South

to prove that be received can I until went nothing, so waited do the information to check the library I went to it receive changed. any be If you should in about 1951, to the Transvaal back conrecords which familyDeVilliers certainly apfurther information I would

tain the names of nearly all the South preciate it if you would write me on what thirteen months after I wrote the letAfrican families. When I got there you have received. ter. I was still forty five miles away

and opened the book to work on the from the city where the records were line of Johanna Magdalena Meyer, I wrote to them again and got the kept, so I made a phone call. They

my mind became blank and I had no following reply: told me, after looking in their files,

desire to continue, but when I turned Thanks for your letter of the 3rd. And that they had no record, so I had to

to another name I was filled with the I appreciate and admire you for the deleave it at that again.

finish to your that have you later the of times terminationspirit I had months to proceed. About six A number

I will able that genealogy. be hope you

to where the city I tried research go to on Johanna doing will opportunity that information find the necessary to

Magdalena Meyer, but every time had lead your pedigree lines out of South the records were, and while there, I the same experience. Africa. {Concluded on page 662)

SEPTEMBER 1956 635 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTHI

Jesus Christ—

the God of the Old Testament

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR Onefromofwhichthe nonemodernof us attractionsseem to be comprehend,Such a Beingbut thisis is impossibletypical of theto able to escape, and which consmoggy ideas of the Godhead which sumes much of the time and attention have beclouded the thinking of the of young people, is science -fiction. Christian world for generations.

Books, including socalled comic How humbly thankful we should books, radio, television, and motion be that to Latterday Saints, both pictures, all join constantly to pelt young and old alike, and to all who us with the most mysterious and will study honestly the standard fantastic ideas of creatures and invenworks of the Church and the teachtions and situations. ings of our leaders, is given the gloriThere is a socalled mystery, a reous privilege of knowing the precious

ligious one, which seems to fall into truths about these important matters.

this same category, even though it is There is no mystery here! God can

not a product of modern sciencefic- be understood. And understanding

tion. Invented by man ages ago it is necessary if we are to understand

has been taught as truth to millions the plan of salvation. This knowledge

of honest Christian people. is also essential to the understanding

This mystery has to do with God, of the story of Jesus, to which purthe kind of Being he is, and the repose these articles are dedicated.

lationship of God, the Father, to the The basic pattern of the organizaSon, Jesus Christ, and of both of tion of the Godhead can be traced them to the Holy Ghost. The simple down through the organization of the

truths of the scriptures have been so Church of Jesus Christ on earth.

garbled by the teachings of men that Our auxiliary organizations, of which some unbelievably fantastic notions the Mutuals are examples, are headed have arisen, notions which would by a presidency or a superintendency cause the most infamous of our presof three individuals. This is true on

entday sciencefiction writers to hang the ward, stake, and general Church their heads in shame because in their levels. Further, a bishop and two

wildest moments of absurdity they counselors are in charge of a ward; a

have never been able to concoct such president and two counselors are in utterly weird ideas. charge of the work in a stake, and

Can you imagine a sciencefiction there is a similar organization in the story in which the main character, missions.

the God and Supreme Ruler of the The council of three which stands entire universe, is three beings, yet at the head of the Church in all of he isn't three at all but rather just the world we call the First Presidency.

one? And can you further imagine It consists of President David O. Mcthis Being as having no body, no eyes, Kay, President Stephen L Richards,

no ears, no mouth, no hands, no and President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

brain, no heart, no feelings? And yet This council of three Presidents can

this great intelligent nothingness, who be compared to the council of the is so large he can fill the entire unithree Gods who rule over all creaverse yet so small he can dwell in a tions. This council, which is called

child's heart, rules over us from the the Godhead, is made up of God the top of a throne which has no top! Father, his Son Jesus Christ, and the

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photo by Wilde Company

"Moses and the Law"by Philippe de Champaigne—16021674. It was Jesus who gave

the Ten Commandments to Moses on Mt. Sinai.

Holy Ghost. They are separate and of the Holy Ghost is given each of us

distinct beings, just as the three memafter we are baptized.

bers of our First Presidency are sepThe Son, as we have already seen, arate individuals. Man was made in was assigned to be the Creator and

their likeness. They work as one to Savior of the earth and to direct all

"bring to pass the immortality and the work of God here. He is reeternal life of man,"just as the First sponsible to the Father for seeing that

Presidency on earth work for prethe great plan of salvation is carried cisely the same purpose. out.

Just as the counselors in the First The Savior is known by many

Presidency are assigned certain renames and titles. Jesus is his indisponsibilities under President McKay's vidual name. Christ is a sacred title

direction in connection with running and comes from the Greek, its Hethe Church upon the earth, even so do brew equivalent being Messiah which the "counselors"in the Godhead have means "the anointed one."Some of

specific responsibilities in connection the many other names and titles by with the earth, under the direction which he is known in the scriptures are: God, Lord, Lord God, Son ofof the Father.

God, Son of man, Emmanuel, the

The Holy Ghost, whom it is not our Redeemer, the Only Begotten, Only purpose to discuss at length here, is Begotten Son, I Am, Jehovah, and a witness of the Father and the Son, a even the Father.

messenger, and a comforter. The gift (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1956 637 Jesus Christ—the God of the Old Testament

(Continued from preceding page) ly messengers later in his life, as far language and scattered them upon the

These numerous names and titles as we know this is the only time he face of the earth.

are confusing to the young student ever saw the Father, and the only time In another generation, Jesus called of the scriptures and may be one of the the Father ever spoke to him. Abraham to go from his native city

reasons why such fantastic ideas have It is interesting to note that on two of Ur into the land of Canaan. Speakgrown up concerning the Godhead. other occasions when the Father spoke ing unto him the Savior made a great

From the wording alone of many pasto earth he used almost the same promise, as Abraham was one of "the sages of scripture, it is often imposwords that he did when he spoke to great and noble ones"who had been sible to tell whether it is God the the boy Joseph Smith. When the chosen before the foundations of the

Father or God the Son to whom referSavior was baptized by John in the world were laid. To him Jesus said:

ence is being made. River Jordan, the voice of the Father "Abram, Get thee out of thy counIn view of these facts we can see was heard, saying, "This is my betry, and from thy kindred, and from

how desirable it is that we understand loved Son, in whom I am well thy father's house, unto a land that the plan and the workings of God and pleased."4 When the Savior appeared I will shew thee:

know that the ways of God are the to the Nephites on the American "And I will make of thee a great ways of order and not confusion. continent following his resurrection, nation, and I will bless thee, and

Because Jesus Christ has the rethe Father again introduced him, make thy name great; and thou shalt

sponsibility of this earth, generally saying, "Behold my Beloved Son, in be a blessing:

speaking whenever contact is made whom I am well pleased, in whom I "And I will bless them that bless earth, thebetween heaven and it is have glorified my name—hear ye thee, curse curseth that him and

or messenger a Jesusdone through him."5 in shall all families thee thee: and

sent by him. President Joseph FieldSome have thought that it is inof the earth be blessed."8

said, revelationing "All has Smith called to for Savior be consistent the old, 1 he was and Abraham When Christ."throughcomes There Jesus Actually though, Father. the Jesus his son a given wife Sarah were occasions the Father beenhave when is of earth, the the inasmuch Father call instructed to they were whom to the Earth,has but spoken when it. created as term father he The I Isaac. said..."to them, Jesus

it so has seemingly been hashe done fits followalso as the by shown him will establish covenant with him my offor or introducing the purpose of definitions dictionary selected ing for everlasting covenant, an with and of the record Son.bearing for cares as a the word: "one who after his him.""seed As he had President George made Cannon Q. originator; the leadfather might; an so been with with Jesus Abraham, was statement, followingthe was which city, of a country, or a a ing men life, all Isaac his his with and Jacob Fielding Presidentrepeated by Joseph of; to or council; a author founder be Israel, son, of father the became who serin general conference theSmith for."responsibility or to claim accept the Tribes. Twelve is in to referred above: "Theremon

modern Christendom a strong tenCo it has been the Son down through The Lord, Jesus, permitted Joseph, dency to ascribe to the Father, visits the ages who has watched over one of Jacob's sons, to be sold into and communications with mankind the earth for the Father. Fie spoke Egypt so that he could become a

that were really made by the Lord to the prophets in all dispensations, ruler of the land and prepare for the

Jesus. There is even a respectable instructing them to preach the gospel coming famine. In this way the

percentage of the members of his and to call the people to repentance Israelites were saved from starvation

Church, established in these days, in order to give them every opportuand brought into the land of Egypt.

who have the idea that it was the nity to live in righteousness. It was he When Israel hesitated leaving CaFather and not the Son who appeared who spoke to Adam after he had been naan, Jesus spoke to him "in the visions said, of the "I night"and amto the patriarchs of and prophets of cast the garden. out It was he who

2 fear father: of thy not God, the..."Godold. of thy is Abel Cain: asked "Where

1 to go down into Egypt; for I will there These glorious truths were demonbrother?"'

strated at the time the Prophet Joseph Later, when the people of the earth make of thee a great nation:

... andSmith received his first vision. When became corrupt, Jesus called Enoch "I will go down with thee

I also will Personages, heavenlythe two surely bring thee up God the to preach afterwards to them and

..."10 again: the Son,Father appeared to him and city into took his righteous heaven

in answer to his fervent prayer, the so that its people would not be deFour hundred and thirty years proper order of authority was obstroyed. Then he raised up another passed, and another great prophet,

served. In his own story, telling of great prophet, Noah, who preached Moses, was raised up to lead the

the vision, the Prophet writes: "One to the people for many years, and children of Israel out of Egypt, where

of them spake unto me, calling me by through whom life upon the earth they were then in bondage to the said, of to the other, land back pointing to the Caname, and so Egyptians, preserved became when men 3 was first spoke fromThis is Beloved to him Son, Hear Him!"naan. The Lord My destroyed. that they wicked to be had

The conversation which then took Still watching over his people, a burning bush and later gave him place was between Joseph and the Jesus "came down to see the city and power to perform miracles, helped

Son. Although the Prophet reported the tower"7 which they were buildhim deliver the Israelites from the

talking with and seeing other heavening (Babel) and confounded their hands of the Egyptians, guiding them n General Conference Section, The Improvement (Concluded on page 654)

Era, December 1953, p. 931. Matthew 3:17.

-General Conference Section, The Improvement E3 Nephi 11:7. Genesis 12:1-3.

Era, December 1953, p. 931. "Genesis 11:5. "Genesis 17:19.

3Pearl of Great Price, Joseph Smith, 2:17. Genesis 4:9. "Genesis 46:2-4.

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Peru, Japan, the United States, as well as the second In Indian baby. a Navajo On the Bookrack in artist include the author book and

addition to the above list, children from

THE CUP OF FURY The book is interesting and also the Philippines, Norway, and a Hopi (Upton Sinclair. Channel Press, Inc., stimulating, and is but a taste of other Indian family. The books are interestNew York. 1956. 190 pages. $3.00.) projected books which will deal with ingly developed and should assist in

to other of creating impressive seems unusual drinking genuine interest in other peoand this age means whenIn tracing ples. little isle ancestry in the tight heart the captured have mind and

of man, this book is a sober and thoughtof England.—M. C. /. Added to the unusual interest of the

their directions for the books are adof drinking: ful of kind any indictment STORIES SHAKESPEARE FROM use vantageous parents by both and secret to the social cocktail thefrom

Chute. Marchette (Retold by World teachers. C. M. for J. author, long drinker. known The

1956. York. Publishing Company, New evils of the againsthis crusading some

of mankind, has loosed a bitter but $3.75.) BALBOA

convincing invective against this evil. For people twelve years old and up (Ronald Symc. William Morrow &

94 pages. $2.50.) Company, interesting will New York. this book prove an interesting docubecomes an bookThe

are alof great biographies to men Shakespeare. The of introduction as it is alive author The with the namesment,

brilliant men and women whose brilhas made an intensive study of this ways more interesting than fiction, liance was dimmed or even damped out playwright and recognizes some of the and in this fictional treatment of the by their succumbing to this terrible difficulties a beginner has in reading facts of the life of Vasco Nunez de Balhabit. Shakespeare for the first time. She reboa, discoverer of the Pacific Ocean in

Throughout the book there are examtells the thirtysix plays found in the 1513, the author has a natural for a story ples which would serve to warn everyFirst Folio, including the comedies, hisof intrigue, adventure, and courage that one from even one sip of this deadly tories, and tragedies. will make modern young folk from 8

vintage. As the author states, "AlcoholThe author's two previous books on to 12 thrill to history.—M. C. /.

acclaim: Shakespeare have her won it is scarcely of disease, course, a butism IN PACIFIC IDAHO THE Shakespeare Introduction and London of or clears this excuses that toseems me NORTHWEST to also recogShakespeare. has She won responsibility. distillers of Cancerthe Martin. Barber (Floyd R. and Dan W. studies: nition for other Ben Jonson of itself of as advertise not a symbol does Ltd., Printers, Idaho. Caldwell, Caxton Westminster and Chaucer Geoffrey of disease hospitality'; heart 'thoughtful pages. $5.00.) 433 England. billion of a quarter a does not spend Saints a always have had Latterday will only best second prove book The it is to dollars that annually announce interest of great state keen in the to reading Shakespeare. C. ]. M. living'! to polio gracious Neither an 'aid particularly of Idaho, since the many

nor tuberculosis describe themselves in COINS OF BIBLE DAYS first settlers in the state were sent from handsome posters and colorful magazine- (Florence Aiken Banks. Macmillan, New Utah to build homes, develop the land,

spreads as a means to healthful relaxaYork. 1955. 178 pages. $4.50.) and become stalwart citizens of the

tion and enjoyment.... Other diseases delightful volume, this book should state to the north. In fact, as the aupro- pressured, sold, advertised, are not state, "Latterday Saint pioneers helpful the because prove authors most

in bobbiedmoted, and pressagented settleestablished the states: of this Athor first permanent ancient handling "The

way. Other diseases are fought with coins does with time what radio, telement in Idaho in 1860."Beautifully ildrastic surgery or skilled preventive vision, and airplanes do with space. lustrated, the book is a museum piece,

medicine."Carry a few tetradrachms and farthings worthy of preservation for the attractiveSaints the Latterday comknow who of inof its format wealth and the will ness pocket, in your and somehow you

is for liquor not that goodmandment it contains. formation publisher of Both find the world thousand or more two

man will find additional ammunition years ago moving up to yesterday."and authors are to be complimented on

for their guns in this deeply stirring Interest in the book is enhanced by the the volume.

book.—M. C. /. 190 actualsize photographs of coins of There is one semierror that should

Biblical times. The author uses as the be corrected in subsequent editions, since

GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH IN basis of her introduction to the coins there are certain to be many of this

ENGLAND AND WALES the King James Version. She of necesexcellent book. On page 38 this state-

(David E. Gardner and Frank Smith. sity introduces the history of the counment appears.... "they (the Mormons)

Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1956. 291 tries whose activities influenced or organized the 'State of Deseret,'now

pages. $3.00.) changed Israel's course. The author has Utah."The state of Deseret included

Interestingly illustrated, this work by traveled widely and has long been a much more territory than the present trained researchers will prove of student of ancient coins. She has, in confines of Utah.

great interest to genealogists who have addition, been a teacher in both CaliThe book well deserves reading and ancestors who stemmed from England fornia and Oregon. Now retired, she is treasuring. M. C. J.

indicated authors have and Wales. The devoting her time to writing.—M. C. /. history of the the STRANGE BABIES some background and

of these countries and then have proBABIES AROUND THE WORLD (Margery S. Stewart and Eunice V.

ceeded to indicate the various means CHILDREN AND THEIR HOMES Buck. Illustrated. The Caxton Printers,

through which material may be gleaned, AROUND THE WORLD Ltd. Caldwell, Idaho. 1956. 110 pages.

verified, and used to advantage in tem- (Pictures by Janet Smalley and Stories $3.00.)

ple work. That the authors have been by Nina Millen. Friendship Press, New This book of five stories deals with

painstaking in their studies is indicated York. $1.25.) babies: a bear, a penguin, a pika, a

in the sources they have listed: tradiPlanned for special use by kinder- "liger,"and an ostrich. Each of the

tions, correspondence and advertising in garten children, the illustrations in stories, fictionized to create greater innewspapers, cemeteries, churchyards, civil these books can be cut apart to make terest for children, helps orient children.registration of births, marriages, and separate pictures to heighten interest. into the habitat of these animals. For

deaths, census records, street and loThe author and artist have included in adults there is a satirical note that recality addresses in the 1851 census these books babies and children from freshes as they read or tell these strange returns, parish registers, etc., etc. Mexico, India, Alaska, China, Africa, baby stories to their children.—M. C. /.

SEPTEMBER 1956 639,::,;. tfSlb'

I

BERCHTESGADEN CONFERENCE, held in October 1954, where servicemen's coordi- nators, Retreat House Administrator, and

President and Sister Kenneth B. Dyer of

the West German Mission met with servServicemen in West Germany icemen and LDS members.

by Lynn Eric Johnson COORDINATOR, SERVICEMEN'S MISSION Howof oftengoing tohasEuropeeach ofandus dreamedviewing WEST GERMAN the old world with its quaint customs, castles, and traditions, of hearing concerts and operas of the great music masters played by their own people, or of viewing the magnificent

Rhine as it flows through steep hills covered with luxuriant grapevines, of standing before the matchless works of Rembrandt, Titian, Van Dyke, and

Goya?

There are many LDS servicemen's groups within the boundaries of the

West German Mission. Also coming

under the jurisdiction of the mission are five groups in North Africa. These

groups are comprised of approximately 1700 men and their dependents.

Though the number fluctuates constantly, at the present fortysix groups and two branches are carrying on a nearly complete Church program with priesthood and Sacrament meetings, Sunday Schools, MIA's,

Primaries, and Relief Societies.

The Church servicemen's program is two fold in nature: missions, stakes,

RECEPTION LINE AT THE BERCHTESGADEN CONFERENCE HELD APRIL and wards of the men going into the (barely coordinator to right: servicemen's Mission 1955. Left V. Nash, Elder William service give them consultation, literapresident; Sister Bernice mission visible); President O. B. Dyer, Kenneth German West

Dyer; Elder Spencer W. Kimball, of the Council of Twelve, and Sister Kimball, visitors. ture, subscriptions to Church publica640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Church members are conferenceminded, and a conference program

SERVICEMEN'S AREAS was soon begun. The first mission -

AND THEIR GROUPS wide conference was held February 22, 23, and 24, 1952, with President

IN WEST GERMANY Stayner Richards, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve and President of the British Mission, the visiting authority. Special servicemen sessions were also held during the regular mission German conferences.

The program gained additional strength with the arrival of Chaplain

Leon H. Flint in October 1951, the

first of several LDS chaplains to enter the organization.

Elder J. C. Lillywhite, from Southgate, California, was selected to carry

on the work of mission coordinator at the release of Elder Ostraff. Groups

were visited regularly, new ones formed, and a closer correlation with army chaplains in finding new LDS tions, and regular correspondence; lence there, was transferred to the men and implementing the program

and the stakes, wards, and missions West German Mission. was established. More servicemen's

where the men may be stationed afElder Ostraff, devoting his entire families from the United States began ford them a servicemen's program detime to the all -important work of to arrive, and the program was signed to meet their religious needs. getting things organized and funcbroadened to meet the increased

President Edwin Q. Cannon set up tioning, visited chaplains, camps, needs.

the present servicemen's program in bases—any and all places and people The conference program was conthe West German Mission during concerned with the spiritual welfare tinued and particularly highlighted

April 1951. He selected as his servof the servicemen. during President David O. McKay's

icemen's coordinator Elder Albert P. Groups were formed wherever posvisit in 1952. At that conference anOstraff, from Pasadena, California, sible. Twentyone were functioning other LDS chaplain, Marvin Green,

who had been originally called to at the time of his release in February was welcomed into the program.

Lebanon, but at the outbreak of vio1952. (Continued on following page)

STUTTGART CONFERENCE DIRECHEIDELBERG CHAPEL AND SERVICEMEN'S CENTER. The $65,000 edifice

TORS. Left to right: Elder William V. is being financed from contributions both from German members of the Church and

Nash, mission servicemen's coordinator; US servicemen stationed in the area. Those looking over the structure are, left to

Sister Bernice O. Dyer, Relief Society right: Jackson Poulson, second counselor, Aberdeen, Idaho; Paul Nuttall, Pacific Grove,

president; President Kenneth B. Dyer, West California; Grant W. Mason, first counselor, Aurora, Utah; W. LaGrand Nielsen, group

German mission president; Chaplain Marpresident, Hyrum, Utah; Harold Herzog, clerk, Kemmerer, Wyoming; Max Eldredge,

vin Green, LDS chaplain assisting conferProvo, Utah; David P. Forsyth, Spring Canyon, Utah.

ence proceedings.

SEPTEMBER 1956 641 and here it is just like home. They

Servicemen in West Germany even asked me to lead the Singing (Continued from preceding page) icemen's committee composed of the Mothers in the next conference!"

When Elder Lillywhite was reLDS chaplains, servicemen's coordi- MIA's soon made their appearance, leased in September 1953, Elder Wilnator, and mission president was and standard achievement awards liam V. Nash, from Ogden, Utah, formed to function much as a stake could still be gained as evidenced by

was called to fill the position of cohigh council. Within each area, Richard and Patricia Michaud who

ordinator. The program now was bequarterly conferences were begun, and received their Master M Man and

ginning to come into its own, and today many would rival stake conGolden Gleaner awards respectively under the able supervision of Elder ferences in appearance and spiritualin the Kaiserslautern group. Gold

Nash, several notable advancements ity. and green balls, firesides, basketball,

were brought into being. Those first accepting calls to the and socials are sponsored with fine

Since there is strength in numbers, position of area coordinator were: success. During the winter cycle of

the conference program was encourWilliam Conant, Kaiserslautern area; conferences, roadshows of high qualaged. Elder Henry D. Moyle of the David Miller, Stuttgart area; Allyn ity were given. The best one from

Council of Twelve presided over a Mahoney, Nurnberg area; Chaplain each area was selected to be given

missionwide conference of serviceLawrence Rast, Munich area; and at the Berchtesgaden conference durmen held in Frankfurt am Main in Chaplain Russel C. Robertson, Franking April.

March 1954. During the same year, furt area. Since that time, Brothers More complete and accurate forms

the army began a program whereby Conant, Miller, and Mahoney have for reporting meetings, attendance, men of all faiths could attend three returned to the "Land of the PX,"and ordinances have been created.

days of religious instruction among as servicemen refer to the United By so doing, normal Church funcBerchtesgaden's beautiful Alpine surStates, and have been replaced by tions are carried forth, including roundings in southern Germany. Chaplain Timothy H. Irons, Arthur priesthood advancements, blessings of

Ironically, this area used to be the R. Keeley, and William R. McConkie, babies, baptisms, and marriages, and

summer playground of Adolf Hitler respectively. In January 1956, the an accurate monthly report is sent

and his staff. Two conferences for increasing number of groups within to the general servicemen's committee.

LDS servicemen were held there durthe Frankfurt area necessitated a diviDuring this period of development, ing August and October 1954. Since sion. Consequently, the Rhine Valley a unique branch was formed in Wiesthen two annual conferences have area was with the lower part of the baden, consisting of German and

been held, one presided over by Elder Frankfurt area and is now presided American members. A new person

Spencer W. Kimball, the other by over by Chaplain Robertson. At that coming into the branch would be

Elder Adam S. Bennion. time, Chaplain Rast was transferred amazed to find the singing done in

These served as forerunners for the from Munich by his duty and was both languages, and announcements

April 1955 conference arranged by called to preside over the Frankfurt and talks during Sunday School given

Elder Nash and Charles Bartanen, area. Denzil Stewart was then called alternately. Since then, other groups

the SwissAustrian Mission coordi- to supervise the Munich area. have been meeting jointly with Gernator. Eight hundred participants Under the guidance of these men, man branches in Heidelberg, Stuttfrom England, France, Africa, Turkey, each area has grown and flourished. gart, Munich, Mannheim, Heilbronn,

Egypt, East and West Germany were The increased supervision and help and Friedberg.

in attendance to hear the inspiring given to the groups by this organizaRecognizing the needs of the messages of Elder Spencer W. Kimball tion resulted in the betterment of all Church here in Germany, many servand mission leaders. phases of group activities. Standard icemen requested that they be given

The attendance at these conferences courses of instruction were begun, and a project to accomplish in order to broke all previous attendance records it was discovered that a group having leave something of worth when they and delighted the chief chaplain, only one or two children could have returned home. Thus, a fund for the

European Command, stationed in a Primary, and with one or two support of local fulltime missionaries

Heidelberg. While being visited by women a Relief Society could be conwas begun, and through this, several

Elder Nash, Chaplain Edwin Kirtducted in which nonmembers were fine young German brethren and sisley showed him the attendance chart invited to participate. ters, who do not have the financial

of those attending Berchtesgaden, and Today, the program has six Prisupport for themselves, have been remarked: "After the Mormon conmaries and twentyone Relief Soable to join the missionary ranks.

'with Germanference down there, our chart looks cieties. Most servicemen's families Groups meeting

like a cut-a-way section of the United are young, and the children are not Saints soon began collecting building

States with your conferences making old enough for Primary except in the funds for chapels. The Heidelbergup the Great Divide and all the other larger groups. However, nearly all group under the guidance of LaGrand

faiths the Great Plains. We are very the Relief Societies are fully organNielsen began a drive for a new

pleased with the support you give to ized and well attended, some with chapel in March 1955, and presently our religious program."twenty -five women. Their effectivehave it well toward its dedication

Additional organization was introness was well stated by Sister Barbara date. The Wiesbaden Branch diduced as the number of groups inPancheri who came to join her husrected by Lynn G. Sleight, began a

creased. The groups were divided band stationed in Munich. The day similar drive, and is presently looking

into five areas, and area coordi- after she arrived, she attended Refor a building site. The Frankfurt

nators were called to supervise them, lief Society. After the meeting, her am Main American branch priestassisted by counselors, and area secrerelieved comment was: "Why, I came hood group began a bookstore project

taries. Complementing this, a servhere expecting to be a total stranger, (Continued on page 670)

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRANKFURT AREA'S LEADERS, Front row, (left to right) Lawrence K. Raty, LaGrande Nielsen, Elder Lynn Eric Johnson,

Bernard Baker, Russel C. Robertson, chapIain, Frankfurt Area coordinator; Arnold

J. Dance, Richard Devlin.

Second row, (left to right) Jorn Grawe,

Paul Jensen, Lynn Davenport, Lowell Ralph,

Boyd Nielsen, Loren Stoddard, Rex Bennion.

KAISERLAUTERN AREA'S LEADERS:

front row, (left to right) Warren R. Rupper,

Russell O. Hawks, Elder Lynn Eric Johnson,

Kenneth B. Dyer, West German mission

president; Sister Bernice Dyer, mission Relief Society president; Chaplain Timothy H.

Irons, Kaiserslautern area coordinator;

Milton E. Bond.

Second row, (left to right) Willis C. Pulver, George W. Shell, Calvin R. Marchant,

Millard Wilde, Merlin Baker, Leonard G.

Scrivens.

Third row, (left to right) John Burr, Lee

Harmon, Harold L. Anderson, Blair E. Nilsson, Allan B. Laidlaw, Robert Clawson,

Ronald G. Hendry.

MUNICH AREA AND GROUP LEADERS: front row, (left to right) Elder Lynn

Eric Johnson, Carl Bair, Orthel Dennison,

Niel Coleman, Stanley Hammond, Sister

Bernice O. Dyer; President Kenneth B.

Dyer, Chaplain Lawrence Rast.

Second row, (left to right) Fred Finlayson,

Willis Gurr, Gary Cook, Robert Pace, ChapIain Theodore E. Curtis, deputy chaplain,

Seventh Army (LDS).

NURNBERG AREA AND GROUP f*s I** 1 J?

LEADERS: front row, (left to right) William R. McConkie, Allyn R. Mahoney, Sister

Bernice O. Dyer; President Kenneth B.

Dyer, Elder Lynn Eric Johnson, Richard S.

Bowers, Max R. Ranquist.

Second row, (left to right) Clair T. Kilts,

Graham H. Misbach, Kenneth J. Biddle,

LaMonte Sant, Don L. Giauque, Kenneth

Littlefield, Lynn J. Esplin, Gordon R. Berquist, Jim Hamilton.

STUTTGART AREA LEADERS. Front

row, (left to right) Craig Bentley, Kent

Smith, Royal J. Swenson, Howard Gonzales,

Arthur R. Keeley, Chaplain Theodore Curtis,

Jr., Grant Haertel.

Second row, (left to right) Donald Lyman,

Owen L. Cash, Jerry D. Wilde, Donald

Middleton, Kenneth Jensen, Max Dunford,

Elmo Carlisle, John Riding, Ray H. Garrison, Jerry Dunn.

SEPTEMBER 1956 by Christie Lund Coles

Della watched her lovely daughter descend the stairs. She was

more beautiful than usual in the deep velvet formal with the overskirts of paler blue tulle.

"You look like a heavenly blue fairy,"she told her, smiling, "that color really brings out your eyes."

"Thank you,"Coleen said, whirling about as she reached the bottom of the steps, "watch it twirl."

It was a phrase she had used since a small child, and it tugged at her mother's heart. The girl seemed to

use it purposefully, and her eyes were gentle as they met her mother's eyes.

Intuitively Delia looked at her, sensing something different—a matureness, an almost old kindness to

the older woman.

Maybe it was just because Coleen so so youngwas and and happy Della speak, to unable was she merely stared at her daughter, and the girl went onpitied to anyone..."had happily who sit home "I big... reception want a

on the night of the senior ball.

Della remembered feeling that way her husband who was having his nineteen for three months. And she

about her parents twenty years ago usual snack of bread and milk. must have some college; we've

as if the world were over for them "Well,"he said, "this is quite unplanned it so long."

wondering how they could endure usual for you. Aren't you afraid of "Sure. And she's just a baby."

the monotony, the boredom. the calories?""She's not a baby, George. You

But now she knew the compensa- "Tonight, I'm a little afraid... can't seem to realize that she is grown,

tions, the deep satisfactions that came but not of calories. George, do you that it could happen. She's gone with

with settling down, raising a family; suppose Coleen and Tom are getting Tom over a year, and of course he's

the tiredness that was real but good serious?"a wonderful boy. The fact that he

at the end of a busy day. Each age "I thought they had been that way finishes college this year makes it

had its joys and its wonders. Romance for quite some time."even more of a possibility. He's old

and dancing were for the young. "Oh, I mean serious, like—well, enough."Even so, after Tom had come—in like thinking of getting married,""Well, he can't get married just

his rented tux—smiling, gracious, with "Not for a few days, I don't imbecause he finishes college. He has

eyes that lighted up for Coleen and agine. Don't go dreaming up trouto have a job. You quit your stewing."

made her doubly beautiful as she bles."Della watched television for a

smiled at him, and the two had left "But, it's something I feel—the while but was bored with it, so she

for the dance, she went out to the way I used to when she was going to went to bed and tried to read. The

kitchen. Instead of retiring early as be ill or in danger. I couldn't conbook was uninteresting. She turned

she had planned, she decided to join sent to it, George. She won't be off the light and wondered why her

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Delia asked, softly, "You wouldn't be getting married right away? You

would just be engaged?"Somehow,

it was all she could say.

Tom nodded. Delia looked at

George, and he looked almost desperately at her. She spoke first. "I

suppose if her father thinks it is all right... it is all right with me. You

know we're very fond of you, Tom.

She couldn't find a finer boy."It was

true... true... but....

George agreed saying, "That's right. We'd be glad to have you for

a sonin-law... someday. Aren't

you a little young yet?"

"I'm past twentyone, sir. And I

have bought the ring. You see, she

has consented."

"Oh, honey,"Delia cried, reaching out for her, "why didn't you tell us?""He wanted to ask you, to make it all strictly according to custom and all that."The girl went into their

arms, first her mother's, then her father's. They shook hands, and Della kissed Tom. Then he slipped the

lovely solitaire upon the slim, white hand and kissed Coleen.

The familiar room seemed a sea of motion as Delia tried to hold back the tears that persisted and finally rolled down her cheek.

Coleen, seeing them, cried, "Now,

Mother, none of that. Remember,

you're not losing a daughter, you're gaining a son!"

"I know, dear. And it isn't like you

were going to be married right away.

But a mother deserves the right to shed a few tears. Kip will be surprised."

Kip, her younger son, was spendhusband was staying up so late. She mother's intuition led her to look for ing the night with the neighbor boy.

heard the clock strike twelve, fluffed her. He and his sister had been extremely

her pillow, and turned from one side But as Delia came down in her close despite their teasing and occato another. quilted robe, she asked again, "What sional arguments. Of course they still had a long time to be together—It wasn't very long until she heard is it?"

or more. Hadn't even perhaps,

to took year girl in the drivestepped over Tom, car ofthe sound Tom's The right not to be away? said it was Tom somehas flushing, the his open, the door arm, and heard "Tomway,

two of them come in. Coleen said thing to ask you and Daddy."Graduations were no sooner out them upon the of summer and wayexcitedly, "Daddy, do you think her. to closer came husband Her exone day Coleen came home thanmother is awake?". that noticed Delia..?"and "Yes her seized She cited happy. and

"I wouldn't be surprised,"he told his face was suddenly white, as she mother by the arms and cried, "Tom her, "you might run up and see."knew her own must be. has a job—a very good job with a big

But before she had a chance, Delia Tom was pale, too, as he tried to engineering firm. We're going to get

called down, "I'm awake, dear. What speak, then he hesitated. Delia felt married in September!"

is it?"But she knew just as surely pity and tenderness go out to him Delia was unable to speak. She

as she had known something had in his embarrassment, but she waited. merely stared at her daughter, and

happened one day when the girl was Finally, he said, "I suppose you've the girl went on, happily. "That will

practically a baby. She had been put known that I have been in love with give us time to get things ready. I

down for her nap, had somehow Coleen for some time. With your want a big reception, and six bridesclimbed from her crib, and was just permission, I'd like to give her a diamaids, and... I want a white lace

ready to run into the road when her mond."(Concluded on page 658)

SEPTEMBER 1956 645 Space is thronged with wonders that lie beyond the perception of our physical senses. Speaking of

the vastness and magnitude of hiscreative powers, God said to Moses: Talking With Our Father

And worlds without number have I created;... and by the Son I created them,

which is mine Only Begotten.... and innumerable are they unto man; Through Prayer

but all things are numbered unto me, for they are mine and I know them.

... and there is no end to my works, by Dr. Royal L. Garff

neither to my words.

For behold, this is my work and my glory OF THE YMMIA GENERAL BOARD to bring pass the immortaliy and—to

life ofeternal man.

dedicate our sacred buildings as did necessity of communicating with an

The heritage of man as a child of the Prophet Joseph Smith in the Kirtall wise Father in the founding of our

God is to assist in the work and joy land Temple. nation. Stonewall Jackson, stalwart

of endless creativity. Man can only leader of the Old South, bore this

achieve his destiny if he keeps in Okayer is divine fellowship with testimony: "I have so fitted the habit

touch with his Divine Father. Then * God. Such spiritual companionin my mind that I never raise a glass

and then only does the meaning of ship brings man a matchless blessing, of water to my lips without asking eternal life illuminate his mind and the assurance that, "... I am not God's blessing; never seal a letter

spirit. alone, because the Father is with me."3 without a brief word of prayer under

"Prayer is the soul's sincere desire,"President Heber J. Grant once wrote the seal; never take a letter from the

one of our hymns proclaims. It is in The Improvement Era: "The post without a brief sending of my

not a means by which we secure our minute a man stops supplicating God thoughts heavenward; never change

own private and selfish ends or beg for his spirit and direction, just so my classes in the lecture without a

God for wealth, pleasures, honors, or soon he starts out to become a stranger minute's petition for the cadets who preferments. Rather, prayer endows to him and his works. When men go out and those who come in."

us with the power to attune our lives stop praying for God's Spirit, they to the creative influences of our Heavplace confidence in their own unaided W/e should condition our minds and enly Father so that he may do his reason, and they gradually lose the '* hearts to the act and spirit of will in and through us. spirit of God, just the same as near praying. Lofty thoughts of beauty,

Amulek exhorted God's people and dear friends, by never writing to spiritual power, peace, happiness, apthanksgiving visiting and should each other, will bepreciation, with the importance of prayer in orabout souls; for it is not permeate our strangers."what come lives:their

Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch to the we possess that matters, but what

Therefore may God grant unto you, my Church, has counseled us: "We must possesses'us; not what belongs to us,

brethren, that ye may... call upon his not be hampered by any anger or but what we belong to that is most

holy name, to important. heart, that of to belong need or or hardness meanness We

...... cry unto mercy; Yea him for

to desires. selfish group be remembers which thanktune must any We

yourselves, in continue Yea, and humble ful. to lesson us this taught as hearts the Jesus our he our and mindsprayer him. unto

Cry unto him over the crops of your spirit of God just as we tune our traveled to Jerusalem:

from the the program station. We wantfields,—over.. the. flocks of your fields,... But radiobroadcastingto receive no thereAnd metas hehimenteredten meninto thata certainwere village,lepers,

this is not all; ye must pour out your souls interfering static from outside influwhich stood afar off:

in your closets, and your secret places, and ences. In the attitude of true reAnd they lifted up their voices, and said,

in your wilderness. pentance we should seek forgiveness Jesus, Master, have mercy on us.

let hearts said your be full, out he he drawn unto saw them, And... when past mistakes of our and guidance

... 2in priests. continually. prayer the unto yourselves them, unto shew him Go 5 for improvement."

it that, pass, to as they went, And came

The hearts of Latterday Saints are This being true, all of us should they were cleansed.

creatively of often them, that one think and he saw he more more And when continually"from unto"drawn him back, healed, turned a loud with and was If prayers. our do about we we may

at thebirth to the death: time of glorified voice God. utter are that to prayers not be able

altar, blessings, at fell feet, thebaby's his marriage face at his on And down sincere only deeply earnest and but giving thanks: Samaritan. and he was a him in thanksgrave. at theand We pray

to are also understandable those who said, there answering Jesus And Were forgiving bread, around our daily not the cleansed? are ten nine? but where with our share communications our

of firesides circle in sacred theour to that are not returned found There in heaven. Father

of family, at the ill bedsidethe the this glory stranger. save to God, the give habit of prayer expresses The infirm, brothers Arise, said our with thy him, he go and untoand way: And

and sisters of the larger family in basic character of many great men. thy faith hath made thee whole.

Franklin recognized theward and stake. With prayer we Benjamin When praying, each of us should

=John 1632.

distinctly. Disraeli (The Sentence speak Sermons"clearly and Grant, Heber "Some of the edition from *Adapted new You Can

1944, Era, August Learn Editor's Improvement Page) TheJ., Garff, Dr.to 21. L. Royal Speak Chapter by said: appropriately "There is no in481. p.

3839. 1:33, 35, Wfoses 121st Conference G., Semiannual 5Smith, Eldred

=AIma 34:1719, 2427. Report, September 1950, p. 57. "Lukc 17:1219.

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA heart, perfect for plications in truth thee before a our righteousness, with and and have as character the voice."as suredex of

10... s is that great in mercies. thy sight. but for thy which good voice tones done that us rememberLet

should ring out with the conviction his heard prayer Lord and The all history, with dealt In has God sincerity. expresses shouldthat They

fifteen years promised him more of his their faith to children according attention. sustain favorable andwin

life. thanks returned Hezekiah Then their prayers. has heard and He of voices should quality ourThe in prayer: joyous of their supplications, expressions a worshipful stimucreate and mood

late feelings of reverence, thanksgiv- O Lord, by these things men live, and thanksgiving, and their triumphant ing, and inspiration. A mumbling, in all these things is the life of my spirit: prayers of exaltation. The language

bumbling, fumbling, grumbling prayer so wilt thou recover me, and make me to used in such utterances should inputs a rude damper upon our worlive. spire our deepest interest and most

thee, praise the death For grave cannot celebrate thee: they not thatship. can go down sincere study if we are to rise above

In addition to the Lord's Prayer, into the pit cannot hope for thy truth. the most ordinary and commonplace

here are several of the other scripThe living, the living, he shall praise thee, manner of speaking. He is our king

this children father the to the day: I do in language addressed be should andtural supplications

truth. that open our shallas thy make known befitting his majesty power. andhearts to God: thereto save Lord ready was The me:

fore will we sing my songs to the stringed There are also among the writings

And Solomon stood before the altar of instruments all the days of our life in the of the literary masters many lovely the Lord in the presence of all the congrehouse of the Lord.9 prayers. Read them for sheer beauty,

gation of Israel, and spread forth his hands depth of sacred feeling, and loftiness toward heaven: [and prayed:] In the first year of the King Darius, of expression.

... Lord God of Israel, there is no God Daniel read the prophecies of Jerelike thee, in heaven above, or on earth miah and understood that the Lord Some prayers are shared through

favorite of keepest singing together.beneath, covenant and mercy who hymn A in seventy years accomplish that thee "would servants thy walk beforewith is Latterday Saints "Guide Me To 7 the desolations Daniel of Jerusalem."all heart. theirwith Thee:"

sought the Lord Hezekiah, during the time of Isaiah,... by prayer and supplications, with When strife and sin arise,

was sick unto death and was told to fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes: [and Guide me to Thee;

set his house in order for he was to cried out] When tears bedim my eyes, "die and not live."... O our God, hear the prayer of thy Guide me to Thee;

servant, and his supplications, and cause When hopes are crushed and dead, thy face to shine upon thy sanctuary.... When earthly joys are fled,

Then Hezekiah turned his face toward O my God, incline thine ear, and hear: Thy glory round me shed,

the wall, and prayed unto the Lord, open thine eyes, and behold our desolaGuide me to Thee."

And said, Remember now, O Lord, I betions,... for we do not present our supseech thee, how I have walked before thee s Isaiah 38:2-3. Although we may not use the words

7I Kings 8:2223. Hbid., 38:16, 1820. of sublime scriptures and writings as

a part of our prayers, they can provide inspiration and be reflected in our expressions before the Lord.

A word of caution is offered to all who pray: Let us not presume to

specify the manner in which God shall answer our prayers. Rather

let us trust to his benevolent wisdom.

When we pray in our Church gatherings, we should realize that we are expressing the thoughts and feelings of an entire congregation and should avoid the common mistake of praying for ourselves alone. Instead

of saying "my prayer"and "my faith"we should say "our prayer"and "our faith."We should direct

our thinking to the purpose of the prayer, the significance and theme of the meeting, and the needs and feelings of the entire congregation.

Our prayers should not become stereotyped, rigid, or routine. We

should remember that needs and circumstances change from day to day and that our prayers should be ap- (Concluded on following page)

K>DanieI 9:3, 1718.

The Latterday Saint Hymnhook under the title 'Give us this day our daily bread. "Jesus, My Savior True."

SEPTEMBER 1956 647 Talking With Our Father Through Prayer ratherpointingthanto me"you."to haveIt ouralwaysFatherseemsin heaven,disapour Lord, addressed as "You."It is surpris-

(Concluded from preceding page) youing howmightmuchmakewe a seenoteof thisof it,...andI thinkavail

propriate to the occasion, season, and yourselves of any opportunities that may times. come in order to teach the sacred and

We should not use the name of reverential language of prayer.

Deity too often nor repeat over and It should also be observed that the over again such phrases as "Our verb, when it is used with a sacred

Father in heaven,"or "Dear Father."pronoun, ends in "est"or "eth."Here

Needless reiterations change the are a few examples: "Thou knowest,"

sacred connotations of prayers into or "He knoweth,""keepest"and redundant utterances. "keepeth,""bringest,""bringeth,"

We have been instructed by our "worketh,"or "workest,""abideth"

General Authorities in the words of or "abidest,""supplieth,""believest"

Elder Francis M. Lyman not only re- "nearest,""doeth,""hast,""wilt,"

garding the "repetition of the name "canst,"and the like. There are

of Deity"but also most impressively scores of words like these. Surely,

about the length of our invocations we should form the habit of using and benedictions. Heed his wise them correctly and of pronouncing

words: them clearly and easily.

In the classical language of the Old to offer necessary It is not very long and Testament, the Lord spake unto tedious prayers, either at the or Dr. Royal L. Garff opening Moses, saying:

closing. It is not only not pleasing to the

I that myself as have shocked been I have for to us of Lord excess use but also words,... shall bless this chilthe wise ye On heard missionaries for called prayer on who it is not pleasing to the Saints. Latterday Israel, of saying them, dren unto to seem training experience have or had no minutes will of open kind anyTwo meetbless thee, thee: keep and Lord The in of of the whatever use the language ing, it. half a will and close minute shine his thee, face Lord make upon The prayer. to ought into take account the occaWe thee: gracious be unto and I think, in brethren, the that... mysion, let the prayer suited and be exactly

lift his countenance Lord up upon The classes, the in quorums and do you would it.to times habits our control Some may thee, give thee peace."and also, as the in to the homes, teachus strongly of Spirit the more than the well,Lord, so we should consider these things. language of prayer—"thee"and "thou""Numbers 6:2327.

Offer short prayers and avoid vain repetitions, particularly the repetition of the name of Deity, and. the name of the Savior. It

is quite common to open a prayer in the name of Jesus Christ, to close it in his name, and possibly use his name a few times through the prayer. If we approach David Oman McKay

the Father and offer our petitions to him, and then close in the name of Jesus Christ, it is sufficient. There is no prayer so great Teacher and Prophet

and important that it is necessary to use themore than once Father. 12 name of the Son of By Leone E. McCune theGod and

If there remains any question about CJtraightbacked and dignified And always with him the dream, the reverentlybeing brief, hearken to the desire figure tall broadshouldered Aplain words of Jesus:

to explain God's purposes hair, To teach, sculptured white a man, Of

But when ye pray, use not vain repetiDark, soulsearching eyes, With His people here on earth, tions, as the heathen do: for they think that Sincere, gracious and magnetic. To render compassionate service.

they shall be heard for their much speaking.

Be not ye therefore like unto them: for Born of noble parents, in a home Teacher, President of Weber Academy,

your Father knoweth what things ye have Where family love and true devotion Apostle of the Church, and last, beforeneed of, ye ask him. 13

To God were paramount. Beloved Prophet, Seer, and Revelator.

We should always address Deity Reared amid lush green summer Leader and teacher wherever he goes, with the use of the sacred pronouns Vales and hills, the bluewhite silences In character, in example, thou, thee, thy, and thine, observing Of winter snows. An inspiration to all who are privileged

the wise counsel of President Stephen To come in contact with his divine

L Richards as given in the general In this peaceful place the boy grew up, spirit.

priesthood meeting, October 6, 1951: Sledding, riding horses, working, studying God grant him years and years

We have discovered... a lack of proper In the old rock schoolhouse To guide, to voice His teachings

teaching with reference to prayer. I know Later in schools of higher learning. To the peoples of the world.

12From an address delivered in MIA conference,

June 5, 1892, and reprinted in The Improvement Era,

April 1947, p. 245.

Matthew 6:7-8.

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Planet Mars

By D. H. McNamara

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

in the winter nights and progressively shrink under the heat of the returning sun. If this is true, there should

be water present at the melting, unless the snow or frost is transformed directly into the gaseous state. A

dark fringe bordering the polar cap has been reported by many observers.

This suggests the existence of a zone near the edges of the cap where the soil has been dampened by the melted snow or frost. On the other hand,

some observers regard this fringe as an optical illusion. There is sufficient evidence from other sources,

however, to conclude almost with certainty that at the ground level the caps are composed of a thin layer of frost or snow. They appear to be

surface features with a cloud or mist hanging above them.

About twothirds of the surface of 63,000,000 Mars has a rosy or orange color, which accounts for the ruddy glow of the planet as seen with the naked eye.

Such areas for a long time have been regarded as barren desert regions which have been reduced to a fine powder by the action of winds. If

the night of September 7, 1956, pheric conditions, however, much of mountains are present, they cannot

OnMars will be at a distance of some the intricate detail on Mars can be be higher than a few thousand feet.

35,200,000 miles from the Earth, seen with even moderate size teleThe exact mineralogical nature of the nearest Mars will approach the scopes. these regions remains unknown. From

Earth for another fifteen years. RisThe polar caps are the most conthe observed fact that these regions

ing in the east in the early fall evespicuous features on the surface of appear to be uniform in color, we ning, Mars is the most conspicuous Mars; they appear as white patches can probably conclude correctly that

starlike object in the heavens. It that cover the polar regions. Both the chemical composition of the top

can be easily distinguished from the caps change size; they are large durlayer shows less variety than the corstars by its great brilliance and red ing the Martian winter months and responding top layer found on Earth.

color. small during the summer months, for In addition to the bright orangeOf the Sun's family of planets, no Mars has seasons that resemble our colored regions, there are dark replanet except the Earth has been the own, although they are twice as long. gions (bluegreen) which form perobject of so much observation and The alternate expanding and shrinkmanent patterns on the surface of

study. While these studies have reing of the caps is repeated each Marthe planet. Useful telescopic obsulted in some wellfounded results, tian year with great regularity. servations of these dark areas extendmany questions concerning the planet Occasionally during the shrinkage ing back to 1660 have made possible

Mars remain unanswered. Let us reof the caps, white isolated spots ocan accurate determination of the peview what three hundred years of cur, persist for a time, and then disapriod of rotation. The period is 24 h

telescopic observations have revealed. pear. These isolated patches always 37m, just a little longer than the

Viewed with a telescope, Mars is occur at the same points on the surEarth's period of rotation. Hence, a

usually a disappointing sight unless face, thus suggesting they are located day on Mars would be very similar the atmosphere of the Earth is exon a summit or the shady slope of a to a day on the Earth.

ceptionally steady. Turbulence of hill. Careful studies of the dark regions

the air blurs the image, and many of The cyclic behavior of the polar have revealed that they undergo certhe details of the planet are lost. caps suggests that they are extensive

Under exceptionally steady atmossnow or frost fields which are formed (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1956 649—Photograph by E. C. Slipher, Lowell Observatory.

Seasonal changes in South Polar Cap of Mars

the equatorial regions by the late planet. Transitory bright spots, lastThe Planet Mars spring and summer. ing only a few hours, are haze; others,

(Continued from preceding page) This remarkable change in the inwhich are conspicuous in yellow light tain modifications in detail. These tensity of the dark regions of Mars and last for several days, are probchanges are intrinsic, definitely affectsuggests a phenomenon that is corably dust storms. But the most serious

ing the true surface of the planet. related directly with the arrival of objection to the vegetative hypothesis

The variations are of two types: moisture provided by the melting is the almost total absence of free

One type is completely irregular; of the polar caps. One appealing exoxygen in the Martian atmosphere.

it consists of changes in brightness planation is that the dark areas are Spectrographic studies have revealed that occur usually on the edge of a regions supporting forms of vegetathat free oxygen, if there is any, does dark region. These bordering areas tion whose growth and decay during not exist in density equal to one pertake on the same coloring as the adthe Martian season account for the cent of that found on Earth at sea

jacent dark regions; then, after perchanges that we observe. Appealing level. Although there is also no trace

sisting for several years, the areas as this hypothesis is, it has its difficulof water vapor present in a spectrum gradually change and regain their ties, for a study of the light reflected of Mars, there still may be enough normal appearance. Certain areas on from these regions has demonstrated present to form thin snow caps, haze,

the planet are more subject to these the lack of chlorophyll which is reand perhaps thin clouds as well.

irregular changes than others. sponsible for the green pigment of the Carbon dioxide is present in an

More interesting are the seasonal higher forms of plant life found on abundance greater than that found itvariations of the bluegreen areas Earth. This does not rule out, howin our own atmosphere. Although

which occur with regularity each ever, the presence of lower forms of is impossible to verify, the chief conMartian year. With the shrinking of plant life such as lichens and certain stituent of the Martian atmosphere is

the polar caps, the bluegreen areas hardy mosses. It is true that the probably nitrogen, which is also the

around the caps gradually darken; existence of an atmosphere on Mars chief constitutent of Earth's atmosthe darkening extends day by day tois proved by the presence of occasional phere. That the Martian atmosphere

ward the Martian equator, reaching clouds that obscure the surface of the (Continued on page 653) 650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OUR PROPHETS AND OurPwkts PRINCIPLESUTeJaitirof and Published by the "Instructor,"the Sunday Principles School Magazine President McKay discusses the Articles of Faith in Action, and of the each oneOurPioneer thirteen is Articles given careful consideration by the First Presidency and mem- <,... """", 'Twelve.bers of theAlsoQuorumincludedof arethe

brief biographies on ancient and latterday prophets and apostles and tributes to the Prophet Joseph Smith by Jutfors LDS Presidents. $2.50

BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

A warm, vibrant anthology on great pioneer leaders, such as the Prophet

Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, John

Taylor, Lorenzo Snow, George Albert Smith, and many others YOUTH, LOVE AND

.. of great. twentytwoleadership.inspiringEach storiesone is MARRIAGE

illustrated, $3.00 Dr. Rex A. Skidmore

Here's an excellent guide for those in their teens and early twenties (and parents of youth, too) on the subjects that most concern those approaching maturity: developing friendships, dating,

courtship, marriage. The approach is interesting, sparkling with warmth, and the

author is an authority in this field. $2.75

PROPHECY AND COMMENTARY

MODERN TIMES ON THE W. Cleon Skousen BOOK OF MORMON

Reynolds George and latterday All prophecies the

M. Sjodahl Janne in this iOOK U MHHM are together gathered

careare volume one and teachers, Students as and in /scrutinized light fully of readers, as general well current happenings. Most

this will greatly appreciate in this intriguing study are excellent on study guide the concerning prophecies the of part Book The final milthe the before war

First of from Nephi Mormon,first friendly lennium. The easy,

It the not of Book Omni. instyle intensely the and

historical considers the MOW m% toonly teresting will subject hold approach, but makes an all readers spellbound irt.Ml from

archaeological appraisal as first last. to $1.75 page

is well. Fresh insight offered

on many important passages.

$5.00

V -."* "P'Hl'llll

2. jllllllu,,,

THE KINGDOM Co. OF DwerctElBooh 44 East South Temple Sail Lake Cily. Utah., jj RESTORED GOD

Carter E. Grant DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Sa't Lake City, Utah the early beginnings From the of to the Gentlemen: Restoration,

great exodus from Nauvoo Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( )

Valley, to Salt Lake and charge to my account the following amount $ this the present to beyond administration of President for the encircled (numbered) books:

this David O. McKay, book 1 2 3 4 5 6 all the fascinwith reads

ating appeal novel. adventure of Newa greatinName...

sights also make it an to Address invaluable contribution

Church history. $4.00 City Zone State...

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

SEPTEMBER 1956 651 {Still edible after / 1 mix?000 gears ////// till

Because it was protected from moisturevapor transfer //////// fill for 30 centuries, grain recently found in an Egyptian vault was perfectly preserved. You can give your customers

positive moisturevapor protection the modern way by wrapping meats for freezing with Loc>zm... the new

wrap made of polyethylene film bonded to tough, long fibre kraft stock. Loc*zin is tearresistant, crackproof, \ \ "\

tasteless and odorless, can be heatsealed, and comes in two colors—coral and white. For premium

protection at moderate cost, use Loc*zin.

Phone or write your distributor today for free Loczin samples.

TWOPLY PROTECTIONPOlYETHYlENE+KRAFT

ff 7\

St Si V- 4r m&m.JOIs *4iv#im& w,M%K

CROWN ZELLERBACH

WesternWaxide Specialty Packaging Division &r o-$f&t& oil 3 fa fotSl aucntei utd

LOCZIN LOCZIN LOCZIN—New Coral or white Kraft, bonded to polyethylene CROWN ZELLERBACH CORPORATION

LOCKERAP—WesternWaxide Specialty Packaging Division

Buff or White, for premium protection at low cost

LOCKERFOIL NorthSan Leandro,Portland,Calif.,Ore.,2101P. O.WilliamsBox 218St.

3-ply protection: aluminum + paper + plastic wax Los Angeles, Calif., 5900 Sheila St.

The Planet Mars For Every (Continued from page 650) ture is lower than Earth's. By direct

is much thinner than the Earth's is measurement the average temperature CHURCH Musical certain because of the lower surface of Mars has been found to be 40 begravity on Mars and the clearness low zero compared with a mean temRequirement with which we can view the surface. perature of 60 above zero on Earth.

At the distance of Mars, the inAt the Martian equator, however, the tensity of the Sun's radiation is only temperature may rise to as high as WuRLllZERfourninths that received by Earth; 50 above zero at noon, but at night

it is to be expected that the tempera- (Concluded on following page) ORGANS—PIANOS

ELECTRONIC PIANOS

Richard L. Evans

'T'here was once perpetrated upon the public a twoword -1- phrase that is contrary to truth and goodness and good sense: "Live dangerously."Many do it, and many have

done it—of which the rising accident rate is eloquent evidence, and of which there are other evidences also, with

broken lives, and broken bodies, and broken minds—and Wurlitzer Organ 4800

reverence Richest Voice, adds Music's to service. choose models Four tofrom—any broken hearts—and senseless waste and sorrow. Some of it church

the may be unavoidable, so far as human power to prevent Spinette—Contemporary—Traditionalincomparable Concert model. and

but much of it comes from a brash or thoughtless or intemperate attitude toward life, from lack of calm purpose and calm consideration, and lack of understanding of the ultimate objective. And it isn't only with physical or mechanical mishaps that we are concerned. Many men live

dangerously mentally and morally, and run contrary to the current of truth, contrary to the simple, ageless Godgiven commandments, and so create worries and frictions and tensions and troubles inside themselves—and outside also.

Everyone who violates any valid law lives dangerously, because the very violation of law is evidence of an unsafe attiWurlitzer Piano 2912 tude. There is no wisdom really in crowding corners, in Full, rich tone and superb performance. Perscuffing against every obstacle, in contesting every rightof- fectlyfull linestyledof Wurlitzerfor churchPianos.setting. Select from

way, in cutting to the unsafe side, in pushing headlong ever faster than the safe legal limits. (Nor even is there any

wisdom in taking into ourselves things which are damaging or deteriorating.) There is great, quiet sustaining strength

and satisfaction in the calm and thoughtful living of life in running sensibly in safe channels; but there is no satisfying happiness in the tensions and anxieties of an unsafe

situation; there is no happiness in having to run away; there

is no happiness in the fears of an unquiet conscience; there

is no happiness in gambling away irreplaceable things; there

is no happiness in uncontrolled temper. There is no real

happiness in a wildly flaming fire—excitement perhaps, but Ideal Wurlitzerfor Sunday SchoolElectronicand PrimaryPianoDepartsocial rules; ments, are there are happiness. not There commandments;

Builtin weight volumeactivities.controlLight

safety are are laws; there practice.—recreationPortablefor silent—and there Earphones of quiet and considered ways

that would lengthen out our lives and endear us to others Wurlitzer—World's Largest Builder

and cut down the tragedies, the injuries, the illnesses, the of Quality Keyboard Instruments accidents. And in contrast to the false and futile invitation

The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company to "live dangerously"we suggest simply for those who seek De Kolb, lllinoisDept. IE956

peace and health and happiness—and safety and survival: Please send information on Wurlitzer

Live thoughtfully, with high purpose and a quiet conscience. WurlitzerElectronic FundPiano RaisingQ PianoPlan Organ

Name Jke Spohen>p t/l/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE Address

PRESENTED OVER THE COLUMBIA KSL AND BROADCASTING City 24, 1956 SYSTEM, ]UNE

Copyright 1956 State

SEPTEMBER 1956 653 The Planet Mars

(Concluded from preceding page) Some observers have reported seefore, rise twice during a single Marthe temperature must fall considering a network of dark lines that crisstian day and change from a crescent ably below zero. Thus, the range of cross the surface of the planet. These to a full moon in about five hours.

temperatures experienced through a lines, which are known as "canals,"Deimos; on the other hnd, would rise

Martian day is considerably greater have been reported as being very thin in the east and remain above the than we experience on Earth during and often double, exhibiting a rehorizon for several days, as it passes twentyfour hours. markable geometric regularity which through two complete cycles or phases

In view of our present knowledge of is hard to account for on the basis of before setting on the western horizon.

Mars, what can we say about the natural causes. Others consider the Perhaps of even greater interest is

presence of life on Mars? The ques- "canals"an illusion; to them the the remarkable anticipation of these

life of oftion existence the naturally canals diffuse appear as wide, bands. Swift's curious in Jonathan moons

restricted to to ofhas be the case additional Perhaps planet of the study Gulliver's Travels. In this book, he

it. life as Life Earth know we on

during the present favorable approach describes the astronomical accomrequires an abundance of oxygen, restricted conditions of temperature and will help to solve the argument about plishments of the Lilliputians who atmospheric pressure. Since these con- "canals"that has persisted for more "discovered two lesser stars, or satelditions are not met satisfactorily on than half a century. lites, which revolve about Mars,

whereof the innermost is distant from

Mars, we can say with reasonable Mars has two satellites (moons) the center of the primary planet certainty that the great majority of which were discovered in 1877. They exactly three of the diameters, and the

living things Earth, found on inare less very small, miles ten than five; the revolves in outermost former

if experish ourselves, wouldcluding is inner diameter. named moon The of the in the space ten hours, and of Mars. the atmosphereposed to

latter in twentyone and a half."TheYet we cannot say with certainty that Phobos (fear) and the outer moon

Mars is devoid of life, for the real Deimos (panic). Phobos is only figures for the distances and periods of

possibility exists that life can adapt 3700 miles from the surface of Mars the moons are close to their true would, to an observer on Mars, values, yet the book was written by itself to Martian conditions—condiand

tions in some respects not too differappear to rise above the western sky Swift a century and a half before the ent from our own. every eleven hours; it would, theremoons were actually discovered!

Jesus Christ—the God of the Old Testament

(Concluded from page 638) over his people on the American this effect. To the Nephite prophets

by a pillar of fire at night and a cloud continent, as is told in the Book of on the American continent after his by day, providing them with manna Mormon. All the prophets from the resurrection he declared: "Behold, I

when they were hungry and water brother of Jared to Moroni testify of am Jesus Christ whom the prophets when they were thirsty, and parting him. testified shall come into the world.

the waters of the Red Sea for them. Jesus himself left his testimony to

At Mt. Sinai, Jesus spent forty days "... I am the God of Israel, and

conferring with Moses, and there gave the God of the whole earth, and have 1 -him the Ten Commandments and been slain for the sins of the world."

many other laws and instructions. TO A CERTAIN TEACHER Again he said to the Nephites:

Before his death Moses ordained "Behold, I say unto you that the law

Joshua to lead the children of Israel. By Eloise Wade Hackett is fulfilled that was given unto Moses.

Jesus spoke to him saying: "... as I "Behold, I am he that gave the law,

was with Moses, so I will be with Vou were a green oasis in a great and I am he who covenanted with

I waste Gray of unresponsive minds. for- I will fail thee,thee: not nor Israel; people therefore, the law in my sought 11 thee."sake Jesus Joshua, Through..,"13 is fulfilled, quiet pool. Refreshment I ate at your me

Israelites over theled the Jordan And drank there, resting, and at length I All of this evidence, and much more caught forRiver, the dividing waters them, that Faint has not glimpses of a of that given been because pathway would reestablishingcapturing Jericho, and lead lack of the space, that it was show land. in the promised Later he safelythem through of the wilderness dune Me

of the part of great salvation plan I sun. that aid could Without have Andset raised over judges and them up

freed in worked out by our Father heaven like greatup men Gideon to deliver Myself to search for mountains or the for his Beloved over the Son to watch their enemies. fromthem moon?

So it was throughout the entire I lost my need of roving long ago affairs of the earth from the beginIn helping hill; tend a this garden on ning, and to be our our Reand Lord

is ofhistory the Israelites, as recorded if Yet then dusty and now windstorms it is to a joy blow, deemer. know, What

still. desert haunts Bible. The inin the panorama the Testament Old me

Dozens of chosen prophets talked Thoughof sand,blurred by distance are the miles hisclearly,purposes.these truths about God and

with Jesus and were instructed by Cool green comes into focus where you him. stand. 123WNephiNephi15:4-5.11:10, 14.

In a like manner Jesus watched uJoshua 1:5. (Next Month: Birthplace of A King.)

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Follow the play...by play

with Dean Bennett's thrilling BYU FOOTBALL SCHEDULE description of Skyline football. 1956

Date Opponent Place Time You'll hear football at its best as Sept. 15 Wichita U Wichita 7:45

KSL Radio covers all BYU games. Sept.Sept. 2922 FresnoColo. AState& M ProvoFt. Collins 7:457:45

Oct. 6 Utah Provo 7:45

Oct. 13 OPEN

Oct. 20 Montana U Missoula 1:15

Your 50,000 watt CBS station Oct. 27 Utah State Logan 1:15

1:15 for the Mountain West Nov. 3 New Mexico Provo

Nov. 10 Denver Denver 1:15

Nov. 17 Wyoming Provo 1:15

Nov. 24 Air Force Denver 1:15

Phillips KSL radio Sponsored 66 by Phillips 66

SEPTEMBER 1956 655 Sacred Music For )ome side liakts on freedom,..

The Church Pianist Richard L. Evans

Ashfords Piano Voluntaries Vols. 1 and 2 ea. $1,25 This significant season suggests some side lights on freeCelestial Echoes 1.00 A dom: One fact concerning freedom is that we seem so

Chapel Echoes.85 readily to recognize an enemy that assails our freedom with

Chapel Musings 85 force, but do not always so readily recognize the loss of

Chappell's Sacred Song Favorites 1.25 freedom by quiet encroachment. Indeed if something subtly

Concert Transcriptions of infringes a small step at a time upon an established princiFavorite Hymns 1.00 ple, it can often go a long way (like a habit) before we fully

Church Pianist—Vols. 1, 2, 3 it has on us. Some "freedoms"socalled,

. ea. 1.25 know what hold

Famous Sacred Songs 1.25 have been much talked of, and some have been too far

More Concert Transcriptions of forgotten. One freedom so cherished in our lives is freedom

Favorite Hymns 1.00 from intrusion upon our personal privacy. If the flagrant

Peery's Piano Voluntaries 1.25 violation of personal privacy should come upon us all at

Piano Voluntaries 1.00 once, we would no doubt resist it in all earnestness. But the

Sabbath 1.25 Music Day intrusive, quiet encroachments can be a matter of serious

For Sacred Music Piano Solo.... 1.50

concern. There is another question concerning freedom that Sacred Piano Solos 1.00

Sacred Melodies With should be seriously considered: Having freely received a

Variations 1.25 heritage of freedom from our fathers, how far would we be

Sacred Piano Transcriptions.... 1.00 justified in fettering our children? What obligations should

Sunday Piano Music (Boston).... 1.25 one generation impose upon another? To what extent can

Sunday Piano Music (Presser).. 1.00 conscientiously for future we let the the pay money past—in Tranquil Hours 1.50 or in other matters? so to Owing grandfathers, our much

how much should we owe to our grandchildren? How much Music Sent on Approval

in binding are we justified the yet unborn? We leave these

Use this advertisement as your order blank questions open, as they provocatively suggest themselves, and close with these seldom quoted words from Andrew JackDAYNES MUSIC COMPANY son's Farewell Address: "These multiplied favors, we owe.

1st East 15 South... to under Providence,... the adoption of the constitution.

Salt 11 City Lake Utah... has foresight shown of those the wisdom and Please the send music indicated above. Experience

On Approval Charge who framed it.... [But] no free government can stand withMoney Enclosed out virtue in the people and a lofty spirit of patriotism....

Name You have the highest of human trusts committed to your care. Providence has showered on this favored land blessAddress

.. ings without number. in His who holds May He hands

City & State of the destiny nations make. worthy of the you favors He

has bestowed, and enable you, with pure hearts, and pure hands, and sleepless vigilance, to guard and defend to the end of time the great charge He has committed to your 'aunes Music keeping. My own race is nearly run;... [but] I thank God

that my life has been spent in a land of liberty...."1 God

that grant so face live and our act and may we own obliga5a.frfate C/fy

tions, that children's children our BLYD.,0G&EN farthest the unto future 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVfW'2260 WASHINGTON

may also say, "Thank God my life has been lived in a land of liberty."

7i&/U6>rfe%6 prefer Jke Spoken lA/ord from temple square

QUIET and PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JULY 1, 1956 COMFORT Copyright 1956 for restful 3 Jackson's Farewell Address.

meditation International church seating with individual chairs provides thousands of churchgoers with the DAYLIGHT peaceful comfort they prefer.

Ask for full information today. By Eloise Wade Hackett

TPhe lake is loath to let the daylight go; Has reached for working clothes and slowly

nternattonafseat division of Clasping her trailing robe, it gently keeps dressed,

UNION CITY BODY CO., INC. ItsAndholdwearytill land,sunsetnowdimsshadowquilted,to afterglow sleeps. HasIt findscaughtout thethat daythe alreadyearlyriser,to itslake,

Union City, Indiana And when the drowsy land but half awake breast.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Standard asphalt research helps bring taxpayers 3 miles of paving for the cost of 2

P& 1956 You are more comfortable, get there faster, when you drive on safe, modern roads of sturdy and resilient asphalt.

CROWDED HIGHWAYS waste motorists'time—and lives.

To build more miles of better roads at lowest cost, highway engimiles of additional 2O,000 roads. the nation's to asphalt paving for 85 Theyneers turned % of construction by 1965 It lasts highway other pavements.find asphalt costs than 30 to 50% less

longer, reduces headlight and sunlight glare, provides noiseless, comfortable driving. To help meet the nation's highway needs,

Standard* has expanded its asphalt production across the country, now operates nine asphalt refineries.

Our scientists work with highway engineers on improved construction techniques which save millions of your tax dollars each year.

This means more and better roads, to serve a nation on the move.

through Standard's whollyowned subsidiary, American Bitumuls & Asphalt Company

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA puts petroleum progress to work for youV 1956 657SEPTEMBER Delia's heart ached at the thought.

The Bride Wore lace But what else was there for them to (Concluded from page 645) stay and do it. Perhaps it was good do with no real homes, no love, no sedress with a train and everything."that duty forced her to keep busy curity?

Her mother sat down at the maple... oh, and she must call Marie, the Suddenly Delia recalled Coleen's

gateleg table, limply. "But... I young girl who had helped her several words as she left the room, "We plan

thought you told us you were going times, when she had been unable to get married in September."Then,

to wait awhile. I thought you wanted to get other help. She was only fifteen, with a tug of real sadness she rememto go to college,"she said. "If I had but she would at least break this awbered the little sob and, "Why'd you

known this I would never have conful silence. But could she ease the sihave to go and spoil it all?"

sented to the engagement."lence in her heart, the pain? She had never been able to bear

"Oh, Mother, don't say that. You She made the call, went back to seeing Coleen unhappy and to hear

cry, did, she seldom was alwhich faster she her cherries. The stemming I can go would. Maybe youknow

bear. she most than could more became the mind more her worked married. after we'reto college Anyshe lucky been, good had how How It wasn't the set wedding. I against particularly there's nothingway,

life, things her her the she home, Spring, notice. short fair to give such I take. shorthand to and knowwant

to able give children. been had her She enough. at least, soon be would if I ever have bookkeepingtyping and

it all, for for fact the Thank God consent! give her not would so I'm happy!"to work. Oh, that Coleen had a found such good

Coleen moved eager to love and Delia's boy—religious, perspiralike a ray cherish her; intelligent, clean. of light—andover to thetastedstovethe foreheadBy the wastime dampMarie fromcame, They

strawberry jam her mother was cooktion. She had worked herself into worked on, saying little.

ing. Kip, who had come in through a state of excitement and emotion, but She dried her hands on the towel

the back door while they were talking, she really believed now that her plan above the sink and said, "I'll run up said, "Jeepers, I can just imagine you would work. It must. and change my dress. Then I'll drive

married. Your cooking would give "Hi,"Marie said, coming through you home. I know it's quite a dishim ptomaine poisoning right off the the back door, "looks like you're tance."

bat."But there was a smile in his busy.""Gee, Mrs. Walsh, that's swell.

eyes, and his face was so pale that it "I surely am. You can take a pan You've been real nice to me."

accentuated his smattering of freckles. of those cherries and start stemming Delia touched her cheek, "I wish

"You can be an usher, darling,"them. I'll wash them after."I could have done more... I wish

she assured him, whirling to tweek The girl chattered as they worked,..."she turned away, choked with

his chin. Then, "Oh, and I almost and Delia remembered the many emotion.

forgot to tell you. I'm going to work times she and her daughter had On her way back from taking Marie

in Doctor Ray's office... for the worked together like this, happily, home, Delia stopped in town, went

summer. I'm going down this aftercozily, with confidences exchanged, swiftly into The Palace department

noon and take a few letters and get stories told, with laughter... and store. She didn't have much time as

some statements ready."love. she must hurry back and get dinner.

"But I had planned on your helpThere wasn't too much she could But there was something she wanted ing me,"her mother said automaticalsay to Marie, but the girl didn't seem to see.

ly, still stunned by the news. to mind. She talked on, and Delia It took her longer than she had

"Oh, I'm sorry. Couldn't you get was stopped short in her preparing of expected, and she saw Coleen going

that girl—oh, you know that schoolsyrup to pour over the fruit, when upstairs as she came in. Perhaps she

said, "I guess I won't be able to was deliberately trying to avoid her.girl—to come and help you?"Marie

Coleen started through the door on come and help you much longer."Delia waited until she was sure she

her way to her room. Delia looked "Why not?"Delia asked. was in her room. Then she went

at her long auburn hair, her pert Marie smiled and said, "I'm going upstairs, too.

little figure, and said meaningfully, to get a fulltime job. I'm not going She knocked lightly on the closed

"I'm not sure your father and I will back to school."door. Coleen asked, "What is it?"

go along with this September wed- "You're not? But your mother won't "I'd like to talk to you."

ding. I'm not at all sure."let you quit!""Come in."

"I'm sorry, Mother, that you can't "Yes, she will. She said if I finished As she entered, she saw the girl's

go along with us,"the girl said, "beJunior High I could get a job."reflection in her dressing table mircause we really plan to get mar- "But you're so young. You're just ror; her eyes were dark and sad. Beried in September. Remember I'm a baby."Coleen seemed much more fore her mother could speak, she said,

nearly nineteen."than three years older than this child, "I'm sorry I spoke the way I did,

"But you wouldn't do that without a hundred times more mature and Mother. We really wouldn't go

..."the older woman began, as Coleen wise though she, too, seemed young ahead without yours and Daddy's apgave a small sob, crying, "Oh, Mother,... young.... proval. But... I wish you would see

why'd you have to go and spoil it "Why, lots of my friends are doing it our way."

all?"and rushed from the room. it. My best friend ran away and got a Delia smiled, "Well, honey, as I was

September! Less than three months! job last week. Her folks didn't care saying to your father the other night,

If she could only leave the cherries once they got used to the idea. She everything has its time. If you feel

and strawberries she was canning, go was a week younger than me."that you're ready, we don't want to

somewhere and weep! But the fruit "And you're fifteen."stand in your way. The only thing

was ready to be done, and she must "Uhhuh."(Concluded on page 660)

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.OfSUf

Pioneers are people who do the impossible

The first Pioneers arrived in Utah with warnless"mountain became the world's largest ings ringing in their ears. Experienced mountain single source of copper.

men had told them they were attempting an The pioneering that established this great impossible task. The desert would never feed copper mine has been continued without interthem—Indians would destroy them. ruption to the present day. Over the years the

Through faith, planning and hard work the copper content of the ore has dropped, until today

Pioneers accomplished the impossible. They it averages less than 1%. To meet this challenge,

made the desert bloom. They laid the foundaKennecott has pioneered new and better methods

tion for the thriving, growing Utah of today. of recovering the everlasting metal.

A half century later, when pioneer mining As a result, the "impossible"copper mine is men looked at a mountain in Bingham Canyon still the world's greatest producer.

and visualized a great copper mine, they too were By following the pioneer tradition of meetwarned. Experienced mining men said it was ing problems with faith, planning and hard

impossible—that two percent ore could not be work, Kennecott is still building for the future

mined and processed successfully—but again—for continued copper production that means

the impossible was accomplished and a "worthmuch to the prosperity of Utah and its people.

Kennecottii.. i iai i in iiyiii ii ii.in i -i i Copperi n i,.-—,,,,.: Corporation.: i i. m,ii... ii i, -,. iiiiii, i., l;. i,i,.,; l. 1 -n, aM TM ij "-,"""'"-

"A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah"

SEE FIRST RUN FEATURE PICTURES ON KENNECOTT NEIGHBORHOOD THEATER, FRIDAY NIGHTS AT 9 P.M., KUTV-2

SEPTEMBER 1956 659 The Bride Wore lace.c -. -:i. Mb &jZ? (Concluded from page 658)

we've ever wanted is your complete happiness."

"Oh, Mother... you mean?"there

was a different sob in the girl's voice now, and her eyes were alight again.

"Yes, dear, and I've just looked at the most exquisite piece of lace. We'll

go down and see it tomorrow."

.. FIT FDR A BRIDE The girl rose, twirled around, cry- $

ing, "And the papers will all say, 'The bride wore white chantilly lace satin, duchess with a four yard Ueseret News 1 ress oners over "train everything.'... and

weddino invitation printino service jit "And everything,"repeated her mother, reaching out her arms.

for the most discriminating bride. A

wide variety o| styles and cards are

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

available to add trie perfect toucn to

Attains 85 Years q girl s most important event. (Concluded from page 624)

social life. It was here in Mexico

that he worked out the outline and material which has become the book

Man, God's Greatest Miracle.

xesere\ res; III,Whenwas onhisa mission,son, J. PresidentReuben Clark,Clark

wrote him a series of letters on the 31 RICHARDS STREET SALES OFFICE - PHONE EM 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Holy Ghost. These found their way

into the columns of the Millennial

Star.

Called by President Heber J. Grant

into the First Presidency at the April

Clark has served three Presidents of Getting ihemls half the -fun / 1933 general conference, President the Church as a Counselor: President

Grant, President George Albert Smith, and President McKay. He has served

as a member of the First Presidency over twentythree years—longer than

anyone has held this high office in this dispensation.

After spending a full day at the office, he goes home to work in his library of religious materials at home.

His latest book, Why the King James

Version, as well as On the Way to

Immortality and Eternal Life, and

Our Lord of the Gospels were written during his evenings at home.

It hardly seems possible that President Clark is eightyfive this September 1. But looking at it another way,

he has accomplishments that it would take an average person many lifetimes of "four score plus five"to duplicate.

.. Travel Agent See your Cunordouthorizeii and.

its family, editors and The Era <& CUNARO subscribers, this to take opportunity

QUEEN QUEEN ELIZABETH MAURETANIA CARONIA BRITANNIC MARY join President Clark's everwidening

MEDIA PARTHIA CARINTHIA IVERNIA SAXONIA FRANCONIA SCYTHIA ASCANIA circle of friends to say "many happy returns of the day."

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This very day, get the wonderful allseason oil that conquers both friction and corrosive wear..

CONOCO allseason Super Motor Oil!

jj keep that "new car"Power wHn JEW (lr CONOCO SuDer Gasoline with TCP!

"Ed this new car will keep performing at its powerful best with Conoco Super with TCP!

That's because it contains TCP... still the

greatest gasoline development in 31 years!"

HERE IT IS, MR. JONES... CONOCO SUPER.

THE ALLSEASON MOTOR OIL IN THE CAN

WITH THE GOLD BAND. IT GIVES YOU OILPLATING TO CONQUER FRICTION WEAR...

AND OILCLEANSING TO STOP CORROSIVE WEARI

OILPLATING ACTUALLY PLATES A THIN FILM

"You get fulltime power because TCP neutralOF LUBRICANT TO ENGINE SURFACES, GIVING YOU izes powerrobbing lead and carbon deposits FULLTIME PROTECTION AGAINST FRICTION I which form on spark plugs and in combustion chambers. You get a 'new high'in octane, too!"

AND OILCLEANSING STOPS CORROSIVE

The PROVED Power Benefits of WEAR BY NEUTRALIZING ENGINE ACIDS..

BY HOLDING MOISTURE IN HARMLESS /. TCP boosts engine power as much SUSPENSION... AND BY SCOOPING UP as 15%.

I 2. TCP gives you extra gas mileage. PARTICLES OF DIRT, DUST, AND REFUSE

3. TCP ups sparkplug life as much

as 150%. 4. TCP is just like an engine tuneup. America's First

the greatest M.gasoline development DoubleDuty Motor Oil!

in 31 years!

Trademark Oil Company, owned 1956,and Continentalpatent appliedOilforCompany.by Shell

SEPTEMBER 1956 661 A Great Caring

(Concluded from page 625)

child's bad behavior are difficult to HI::: WYv Snffi"'1 ui| to it. The factors responsible for a

identify and explain. They are endless.

important perhaps Most is the home IfclMl fails that to provide love, understanding, and guidance. And since wholesome, beautiful family life may be

found in the homes of wealthy and poor alike, perhaps the answer to decreasing our heartaches—to showing

that we really care—lies in a reevaluation of ourselves!

President Joseph F. Smith, in an

editorial in The Improvement Era many years ago, placed the responsibility on the parents in these words:

"Not one child in a hundred would go astray, if the home environment, example, and training, were in harfor a new outlook mony with the truth in the gospel of

Christ, as revealed and taught to on life install a the Latterday Saints. Fathers. and

Mothers, you are largely to blame for the infidelity and indifference of your children. You can remedy the evil by

earnest worship, example, training, in the home."* and discipline window!. *

*Gospel Doctrine, p. 302.

From its eyecatching beauty on the outside to its eyefilling beauty on the inside, Experiences in Research a "picture window"is a joy to own.

And it's relatively lowcost, too. (Concluded from page 635)

We will gladly give you felt I should go personally and look estimates and the financing through them. Unless one is on

can be arranged on budget special business the wills are not given terms as as low month. $5 per to him, so I asked the woman at the put So be sure a "picture and

window"high on your list of property desk to check the files, which she did, improvements... during '56, the year to fix but found nothing. I turned to leave

and as I did so, my eyes fell on an old brown book lying on a table.

When I opened it, I noticed that it contained. lists of names, first and

last, and numbers like references. I

turned through it, and on about the second page, second from the top was

Anna Susanna Jacobse. I went back

to the woman and asked her what the old they were she said was, and book vault in the kept wills were which ATTENTION! ALL WARDS

New and rebuilt 35mm theatre equipment for Ward shows of downstairs. I asked her if I could

quality enjoyed in comfort. see the one numbered 348/1876, and

Cinemascope and Wide Screen Drapes, Screens she said if I wanted to go into the

I was welcome. I did so, hopCurtain Track Carbons—Lens—16mm Projectors vault

Complete Package Installation. ing the writing had not faded. I

opened an old dusty book to the

Let us give you a free estimate—Terms arranged. number, and there was her name with

the parents, children, dates of birth and death, husband, and places. I NATIONAL THEATRE SUPPLY was able to trace on this line for

368 EAST 1ST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH six more generations, making a total PHONE EM 3-8324 of eleven generations.

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lo Make a Home

(Continued from page 634) mother is. She's a wonderful cook

but she doesn't make a life work of just keeping house."Martha emphasized the word house. "Of course,"

she added, "Mrs. Schultz is a wonwhen you buy a Fowlerderful housekeeper—"Her -voice water heatertrailed off as though she had in mind

to say more but decided against it.

By this time the car had arrived at the Schultz home. The little group

marched up the front walk, Mary and

Martha in front and the two children bringing up a very subdued rear.

Waiting for them, seated in a row on the top step to the veranda, sat the twins, Lester and Chester, and little

Debbie. They rose politely as Martha

introduced Mary to them. Helen

came out to greet the guests and soonhad the children playing cheerfully you can on the lawn, having promised to callthem in when refreshments were: look

served. Mary liked Helen Ferris imme- i forward to

diately. She and inwas friendly

terested in making the newcomer to I SAVINGS!

the town feel at home. It was she

who showed Mary through the house.

Mary was entranced—everything was

so orderly, so clean, so perfect of its kind. Lovely old walnut furniture

gleamed; needlepoint chairs and

handcrocheted bedspreads, crystal and silver pieces in the dining room, chrome in the kitchen—everything

was there to make a home lovelv and desirable.

When Mary exclaimed over the beauty of the rooms, Helen said, "Yes, this has been Mother's life. Nothing Here's the water heater with BIG FEATURES that add up

has ever meant so much to her as to better water heating with BIG SAVINGS for you:

having her home perfectly kept. Now Glasslining... a Fowler first... protects the tank against rust

as for me,"she added laughingly, and corrosion, adding years to its servicelife.

"I'll settle for a little less order and a little more fun in living. Mother Triple insulation prevents heat loss.

really isn't strong enough to keep this Safe, "black heat"elements assure top heating efficiency.

house; I do hope she will let someone

come in to help her. She never has External controls are easily adjustable to supply water

been willing to have anyone else do temperatures as desired and eliminate overheating.

the work, but she really needs help."Manufacturer's 20year warranty guarantees continuous,

They were halfway down the stairs troublefree service.

when a succession of screams from For finest water heating service at lowest cost, see your nearest the lawn reached them. Helen was Fowler dealer or write for details.

out the front door in seconds, followed closely by Martha, Mary, and

Mrs. Schultz. Beneath the big maple

tree on the lawn lay the inert form of Lester; over him stood Harvey. The

two little girls stood together, scream- J*,.; ELECTRICing at the tops of their voices. The GLASSLINED and gas WATER HEATERS

other twin looked down in horror on

DISTRIBUTED BY: 316 West 2nd South Street (Continued on following page) FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1956 663 To Make a Home

first branch of the she ordered Harvey. "Quick!"PLAN the scene(Continuedfrom fromthe preceding page) "Get some water from the house!"

I 1 tree, sobbing uncontrollably. The others stood in silence as Helen

Helen reached the injured boy first. knelt over her silent son. BeforeI AHEAD

\ FOR ALL YOUR / WARD NEEDS <<N>>>>s>5v5n5v3\Jv>JOS>3\OV\ / approach to the Safetv

"WTith increasing carnage the highways and elsewhere, on VW. H. pWi \em Richard L. Evans "* it to the would seem need a new approach that we

problem of safety. And so we suggest a consideration of BINTZ CO. safety not merely as a matter of statistics—not safety merely

as a matter of mechanics—but safety as a Godgiven right can help you! safety as a moral principle. "In the beginning,"we read in

well prepared time ward is and moneyA the first book of the Bible, "God created the heaven and the earth... and God said, Let us make man in our image."1 It

for tool the the right rightahead with job. A complete line of low price, qualis a great and blessed privilege to be made in the image of

ity folding chairs and tables plus God. It is a great and blessed privilege to be alive on earth.

commercial and home size kitchen It is a great and blessed privilege to have a sound body, a appliances from ranges and refrigerators sound mind, and unimpaired physical faculties. It is a great

to breadknives and mixers assures preand blessed privilege to live with the association of loved paredness for all occasions. Call or visit ones, with the privilege of seeking knowledge with freedom,

now. of enjoying other people, of developing, creating, learning,

433 West 3rd South and living life to its full normal limits, with full possession of

Salt Lake City, Utah physical and mental powers, unimpaired by injury or acciPhone EM 3-5821 dent. True, this isn't all the life there is. The Lord God

has given us the assurance of everlasting life. But quite

apart from these limitless, eternal promises and possibilities, every man has the right to the enjoyment of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"here-—and no man has the

GET YOUR WARD MOVIES FROM right, by any thoughtlessness, by any dulling of his senses, by any carelessness of conduct, or by any cause of incompetence, to impair another person or to take from him any part HILLAM'S 500 FREE sponsored films. of his opportunities on earth, or any part of his mental or

physical faculties. In short, it is a crime carelessly to con200 religious, including

"Oliver Cowdery"and tribute to the impairment of another person. It is a crime "Choice Land/'Rental to take unjustly from anyone what we can't restore—and

rates reduced! certainly we cannot restore one year or one hour of a man's

200 Entertainment Films. life, or repay him in any real way for pain, for physical

impairment, for anguish and anxiety. Who can calculate

the loss of a father's association with his sons—or of a HILLAM'S FILMS mother's loneliness in the burden of carrying a load alone?

54 P. O. PLACE Who can calculate the loss to a child who must lead a

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH crippled or impaired life? Who can calculate in any real

way the loss of the full living of life or the loss of physical function? If all of us would only remember that all of us

are sent here for a glorious purpose, by Him who made us in His image, to live out in fulness and richness the years that God has given, we would be less careless about those FILMS! things which might take from us, or from others, the full

life with loved ones. God help us DEVELOPED and wonderful living of

to ourselves, other person, every impress and upon upon and PRINTED safety is principle as well that as a physical a moral lem—and that the carnage of carelessness is a crime! probUke Spohen lAJofd FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE! PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Copyright 1956 SAM'SP. SYSTEM, JULY 8, 1956 PHOTO1115, Dept. O. Box AALAB Genesis 1:1, 26.

City, Salt Lake Utah

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Harvey was back, Lester moved, "Well,"Mrs. Schultz persisted, "I disapproval was evident in the slight

opened his eyes, and tried to sit up. certainly don't want you climbing toss of her head as she went toward

"Better lie still, dear,"Helen cautrees here. Just look what happened."the kitchen to prepare the refreshtioned. "How do you feel?"By this time Lester was standing ments.

"Okay, Mom."up and taking tentative steps in the That night Mary was very quiet.

"Don't you hurt anywhere?"direction of the house, evidently none John noticed it but said nothing,

the worse for his mishap. Mary knowing that sooner or later her ex-

"No. Where's Chester?"noticed that Helen had not reproved periences would be related. They

"He's still up in the tree. He's the boys for climbing. As they apwere eating dessert when she began

coming down now."proached the house, Mrs. Schultz to talk. The whole story came out.

Harvey returned with a cup of said, "Would you children like to "They don't go to their grandwater. Helen dampened her handhave your refreshments on the porch mother's because they aren't happy

kerchief in it and swabbed Lester's out here?"there when they go. The house is too

face and neck. In a few minutes he Helen spoke up quickly, "Yes, let nice to be lived in by a family. There's

was sitting up, talking, trying to tell them. Then there won't be any spills no freedom to live. Why, Helen grew

what happened. His mother quieted on the rugs."up all held in by laws of 'don't do

him and asked Chester to tell. As the women went into the house, this and don't do that.'Now she's

"We had a contest,"he said. "LesMrs. Schultz said to Helen, "You happy, and she wants her children

ter said he always could climb higher should tell those children not to climb. to be happy. And what was it all

than I could, and I said I could climb Children are always getting hurt that for? Just to grow old. I just don't

higher than he can. He was going up way."want my life to be like that."

first, and he fell from 'way up there.""Mother,"Helen answered, "they "It won't,"said John, "now."

"Don't you know you're not supcan't be kept from trying their "You were afraid it was going to, posed to climb trees?"Mrs. Schultz strength. Of course they get hurt weren't you, John? Well, you needn't

demanded. sometimes, but they learn as they be. We're going to have a home for

"Mother didn't say we couldn't grow. All my life I wanted to climb our children—not just a house."

climb trees,"Chester answered. "We that tree, but I never did try. I'm She jumped up from the table.

climb trees at home all the time. We glad my boys tried it. Their father "Come on,"she said, "let's let the

didn't know we couldn't climb trees will be, too."dishes wait and go out to watch the

here."Mrs. Schultz said nothing, but her sunset!"

"WORDS off PRAISE"CONTEST "ODH?TO via forTWO BELGIAN WORLD AIRLINES PRAISE—new premium allpurpose dressing OFFERS YOU

THIS OPPORTUNITY OF A LIFETIME!

Picture yourself sightseeing in London... Paris... Brussels... Amsterdam...

on famous Sabena Airlines FourCapitals Follow these EASY CONTEST RULES

Tour! You may win this wonderful twoweek trip, plus hotel... meals... and 1. dressingBuy a jarforofsaladsPRAISE,and sandwiches.delightful, allpurpose 6. theThis statesregionalof contestOregon,is Utah,limitedIdaho,to residentsNevada,of

sightseeing trips in the new exciting "Words 2. Try PRAISE on salads, sandwiches, or in Wyoming and Washington... except employees

of their Nalley's advertising agencies and and contest. sauces, thisof sentence, and then Praise"complete."in families. Prize transferred. be may.. "I like less: or because 25 words PRAISE is allpurpose a premium PRAISE New

7. will of sincerity, Entries basis the on judged be wish. Enter as as times With you each many best in 3. the blend of a raredressing of originality, thought. neatness aptness and... trip to entry, the tab the include on Europe

will final. All entries decision beJudges'be of a label jar find from PRAISE. You'll dressing. and saladmayonnaise

Inc. Nalley's, of property the No entries come

to entries your Send OF PRAISE""WORDS dis- 4. suits the just mostrefreshing PRAISE or returned. can be acknowledged

Valley, Nalley c/o Wash. PRAISE, Tacoma,

taste.criminating 8. of grocer your Name

5. All entries or before be on postmarked must

Buy a jar of PRAISE today. Enter this midnight, September 30, 1956.

contest now! Ask for contest rules at your

grocers.

SEPTEMBER 1956 665 called and ordained twelve men to

The Twelve Apostles the position of apostles. They constituted the Quorum or Council of

the Twelve. 4

The Apostolic Calling Third—Apostles and Special WitIn setting up his kingdom in the

of Jesus Christ: latter days, the Lord through special First—General Statement Regardnesses

ing Duties of the Apostles: The twelve men who constitute the revelation has designated that there

Council of the Twelve Apostles in should be twelve men upon whom the

Apostles in the Church of Jesus the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterapostleship is conferred, and these

Christ of Latterday Saints are day Saints are endowed with the men constitute a quorum known as called upon to perform a multipower and responsibility to serve as the Council of the Twelve. This

tude of tasks; however, their princispecial witnesses of Jesus Christ. It body is the second quorum in the

pal assignments may be listed under is their privilege to have the inspirapriesthood, equal in authority but the following headings: first, bearing tion and necessary guidance of the subservient to the First Presidency,

witness of Jesus Christ; second, proHoly Ghost to fit and qualify them which constitutes the first quorum of

claiming the everlasting gospel at for this important mission. In the the priesthood in the Church.

home and abroad; and third, building words of President Joseph Fielding In addition to the twelve men who

up and regulating the Church. These Smith: constitute the Council of the Twelve

assignments are all fulfilled under the Apostles, the President of the Church direction of the First Presidency. All men may, by virtue of the priesthood is always an apostle. As was pointed

President Joseph Fielding Smith made and the gift of the Holy Ghost, become out in the August 1956 Era, the two the following statement regarding the witnesses for Christ. In fact, that is just Counselors in the First Presidency

elder every should in the Church be, may or may not be apostles. At the calling of the apostles: what

is calling is given which a special but there to the Twelve special witnesses that sepapresent time, however, both of them

The true calling of the apostles of ]esus rates them from the other elders of the are apostles; thus fifteen ordained

Christ is to hold the fulness of the priestChurch in the nature of their calling as apostles are in the Church. It should

hood and to proclaim the gospel in all the witnesses. These twelve men hold the fulbe kept in mind that the Quorum of

the world. hold the keys, to open keys, priesthood, authority, They ness and of to the Twelve always be limited would

of gospel of the proclamation the of for the preaching the the door by up open way 1 unless to twelve himthe Lord men Christ. Jesus to tonkindred, nation, gospel every and

gue. Others who go forth go under their self changed the order.

direction to them. This and are subject

is in their of proselyting hands, and Second—Modern Revelation Rework garding Duties of the Apostles: under the council of the First Presidency Second—President of the Quorum

they are called upon to conduct all the afof the Twelve:

revelation outthe Lord In modern preaching of fairs and the Church of the to every creature. the gospel of According to the date of his ordinalined the the work and duties

apostles as follows: tion, the senior member of the CounQuorum of the Twelve Apostles cil of the Twelve not only serves as

The twelve traveling councilors are called a member of the Quorum of the special Apostles, or witto the be Twelve is also as Twelve, but set apart he of Apostles: Number First—The

all the of in Christ of the nesses name of President of the the Council officers other differing in from world—thus upon the Christ was officiates When Jesus in Twelve, that and he calltheir of duties in the the church and

ing. earth in the Meridian of Time he capacity. He is set apart to that position of President the by the Church equal a form quorum, And they in au- "Smith, op. cit., vol. 3, p. 146.

presidents to thority the three power and or Presidirection of the under the previously mentioned [the First President.

dency]....

It of the approval is he who, with Presiding are a Traveling Twelve The

First directs CORRECTION the Presidency, of much officiate to in the Council, name of High the Lord, under the direction of the Presi- A serious error appears on the Melthe work of the various General Auof the chizedek pages Priesthood August into the of agreeable Church, the dency thorities. presides over conand He

issue. fifth of line third parathe The church, to build the stitution of heaven; up all ducts of meetings the Council is of entirely out 592 graph page on in affairs all of the the regulate same and

place. line the correct (which presides, With we over as well as which he

first all secthe Gentiles nations, and unto italicize) that should paragraph now the meetings other General which... the ondly Jews. unto read:

It is the duty of the Twelve, also, to orPriesthood contains the sealing power Authorities attend which are not atdain and set in order all the other officers of all of the gospel ordinances; thus tended by the First Presidency. In

blessings ordinances, contracts, and of the church, case of his absence, apostle the next are sealed upon Church 2 members agreeable to the revelawhichall... tion. seniority in present presides over the priesthood through and be done must

sanctified through and the sealing power conducts the meeting.

xJoseph of the of Promise. Holy Spirit

3, p. 144; FieldingD & C Smith,112:21; Doctrines124:128. of Salvation, vol.

-Ibid., 107:2324, 33, 58. ''Mark 3:14.

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

Third—Apostles as Prophets, Seers, for them to carry on the great work of the Twelve Apostles the burden of the

rested, and that they would have kingdom and Revelators: of building the up kingdom of God 10

to carry it.

to bringing pass the salvation and of the of the Members Quorum of the human family. In reference As has been pointed out, the revelation through from the Twelve

Lord have been called and ordained to this event, Elder Orson Hyde, Twelve Apostles have been given the who was a member of the Quorum of keys to the priesthood and the keys to be prophets, seers, and revelators to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latthe Twelve at that time, said: to the kingdom of God. They are

terday Saints. They are sustained Before I went east on the 4th of April functioning in their positions as aposby the body of the Church at various [1844 J last, we were in council with Brother tles under the direction of the Presiconferences to those positions or callJoseph almost every day for weeks; said dency of the Church, which Presiings. In regard to this subject PresiBrother Joseph in one of those councils, dency is actively in possession and

of the priesthood; dent Joseph Fielding Smith has "Theredon't knowis somethingwhat it is,goingbut theto happen;Lord bidsI use of the keys

written: me to hasten and give you your endowhowever, when the President of the

ment before the temple is finished."He Church dies, the Twelve Apostles are

The Twelve Apostles have been sustained conducted us through every ordinance of the the rightful heirs and possessors of seers, as revelators, prophets, ever since and holy priesthood, he and gone had when the the keys of kingdom, and the the time of the of dedication Kirtland the all of through the ordinances, with he to repriesthood, are fully authorized and is There Temple. at only a one if man time joiced said, very they much, and "Now

who holds the keys of revelation for the kill me, you have got all the keys, anq\ all carry forward all of the work of God

Churchy The Twelve Apostles may receive the ordinances, and you can confer them here upon the earth pertaining to the revelation to guide them in their labors and upon others, and the host of Satan will not great program of the Church.

to assist in setting in order priesthood them to tear be able the as fast kingdom down the pointed out in As was July, organizations of the and Church. it will When as able to build you be now, up"; and the Era, it is through power, are into they a sent out stake authority, by he, said will your shoulders the 1956, "On

they have all the power to receive revelaresponsibility of leading this people rest."8 calling, and appointment that this

tion, to make changes, and to conduct the body of God's chosen servants possess, affairs according to the Lord. will of the

for But they revelations do not receive the Another member of the Quorum and under divine inspiration and guidance of the whole Church, only whereof the Twelve, Elder Wilford Woodrevelation, that a successor to the in one of them may succeed to the Presiruff, remarked as follows in regard President of the Church is appointed, dency. In other words the right to receive to this subject: sustained, and set apart; and that

revelation and guidance to the whole Church position is always filled by the apostle of is vested the in each Twelve which he [the their received Twelve] They endowhas been serving as President of who exercise could he should succeed to the [s], actually to received the ment and keys the Twelve.

is Presidency. this But power dormant the of oracles kingdom God, of and God,

while the President of the Church is livkeys of revelation, and the pattern of heavening. ly things; and thus addressing the Twelve Seventh—Filling Vacancies in the

[Joseph] exclaimed, "Upon your shoulders Council of the Twelve:

Fourth- -Apostles Are Always High the kingdom rests, and you must round fill vacanPriests: up your shoulders and bear it, for I have The selection of men to

had to do it until now.""cies in the Council of the Twelve is

President Joseph Fielding Smith made by the President of the Church makes it clear that apostles are al- A third testimony bearing witness of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

ways high priests. To quote: to the foregoing facts comes to us He does so through inspiration and

from Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, the revelation from the Lord. He is free

All the apostles are priests high of and wife of Elder George A. Smith, one to select from the male membership

are so ordained. to belong They a quorum

of high priests separate and distinct from of the members of the Quorum of the of the Church at large. Regarding

the high priests quorum in a stake. The Twelve to whom these keys were the filling of vacancies in the CounFirst Presidency is a presidency of the high given. Her testimony is as follows: cil of the Twelve, President Joseph

priests, as stated in the revelation, and since Fielding Smith has written:

every apostle has the priesthood and keys In the year 1844, a short time before the to enable him to serve as presidency of the death of the Prophet Joseph Smith, it was There is no set rule in regard to the

Church, he necessarily must be a high of apostles. First instance: choosing to For the regular attend The prayer my privilege

priest. 7 this in circle dispensation in Twelve chosen meeting were the the upper over room

Sixth—Apostles and the Keys of the meetingProphet'smoststore.of Therethe Twelvewere presentApostles,at theirthis selectedboth in bythe theday Threeof the Witnesses.Prophet andOthers,since

Kingdom: wives and a number of prominent brethren his day, have been chosen by direct revelaand their wives. On that occasion the tion through the President of the Church.

Shortly before his death, the Prophet arose and spoke at great length, and Others have been chosen as was Matthias

Prophet Joseph Smith bestowed upon hadduringconferredhis remarksupon Itheheardheadshimof saythe thatTwelvehe times,in the daysthe membersof the ancientof theapostles.PresidencyAt otherand

the Twelve Apostles all the keys and Apostles all the keys and power pertaining the Twelve present names which are conordinances and priesthood necessary to the priesthood, and that upon the heads (Concluded on page 686)

43:3-7. r'D & C 8Orson Hyde, Fielding Times vol. 5, and Seasons, "'Joseph Smith, p. 651. "Reorganized"The Church

op. at'., vol. GSmith, "Wilford vs. vol. 3, pp. 156157. Woodruff, and Seasons, Times Salvation for the Dead, 5, p. 7-9, cited in Smith, pp.

'Ibid., vol. 157. 3, p. 698. op. 155. cit., p.

SEPTEMBER 1956 667 The Presiding

Study Guide For Ward Teachers Think it over

September 1956 Would the boy you were follow the leader you are?

To Be Carnally Minded Is Death -L. A. p.

For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and

peace. (Romans 8:6.)

In this one sentence, the great Apostle Paul has touched one of the Challenging Records most important laws determining the welfare of every person. "Carnal"

pertains to the flesh. It has to do with the physical nature of man, as distinguished from his intellectual and spiritual nature. To be carnally minded,

therefore, is to occupy the mind with material, worldly, or bodily things which perish, rather than the spiritual things leading to eternal life.

What we think has such tremendous importance because it determines what we do, and what we become. We can actually choose eternal life,

simply by being "spiritually minded."The famous psychologist, William

James, said, "The greatest discovery of my generation is that one can change the quality of his life by changing his attitude of mind."And Walter Dill

Scott, longtime president of Northwestern University, said, "Mental attitude is more important than mental capacity."

The mind has some of the qualities of the tendrils of a clinging vine.

It tends to attach itself to what it is put in contact with. If we put the mind

in contact with the things of God, we learn to love the things of God, which means life and peace. What a thrilling idea it is that we can learn to think

properly, for:

Mind is the master power That builds and moids Edward D. Ottinger

And mind is man; Chicago Stake

And evermore he takes the tools of thought

And fashions what he wills, (Illinois)Edward Branch,(Eddie), Chicagoa priest Stake,in the hasBataviathe

Bringing forth a thousand joys, a thousand ills; distinction of having earned six individual

He thinks in secret and it comes to pass, Aaronic Priesthood awards with the 100

Environment is but his looking glass. percent seal affixed to each one, indicating

Anon. anda perfectSacramentrecord meetingsof attendancesince athepriesthoodwas orWhat we think in secret or otherwise will also come to pass. And we dained a deacon.

start toward spiritual death when we allow the seeds of death to get a foothold in our minds.

How would you like to create your own mind? But isn't that just what

you are doing? William James said, "The mind is made up by what it

feeds upon.""The mind, like the dyer's hand, is colored by what it holds."

If I hold in my hand a sponge full of purple dye, my hand becomes purple.

And if I hold in my mind carnal, worldly, and sinful thoughts, that is the kind of person I will become.

The Lord has said, "... there are many called, but few are chosen.

And why are they not chosen? Because their hearts are set so much upon

the things of this world...."(D & C 121:3435.) Worldly thoughts may

crowd the things of God out of our minds, and "... every man receiveth

wages of him whom he listeth to obey...."(Alma 3:27.) "For the wages

of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life...."(Romans 6:23.) "For

as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God."(Ibid.,

8:14.)

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR OCTOBER 1956

Reverence in Our Chapels Earl McDaniel

Latterday Saints should be reverent in all things pertaining to the Lord. We San Luis Stake

to are children expected teach our

Earl, a priest in the Alamosa Ward, San of prayer. are chapels houses Our Stake, (Colorado) has earned toWebe reverentassemble inin thethesehomeplacesandofinworshipthe Church.each Luis

Sabbath to partake of the Sacrament and to renew our covenants. In order to be individual Aaronic Priesthood awards, onefive

in harmony with the spirit of the Lord we must be reverent. each year since he was ordained a deacon.

He is the first Aaronic Priesthood bearer in the stake to receive the Duty to God award.

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Senior Members Ward Teachers'Report Meeting shall do their teaching in pairs. It is

the duty of senior ward teaching comDoing More Than Required Plan for Better panionsranging theto takevisit, theand initiativesince the obligain arIs Mark of Real Leader Attendance Told tionthe reportof teachinghas beenis notmade,completedsenior untilcomhas been well stated that there are Leaders in ward teaching are anxious panions should accept the responsibility It but two kinds of failures in life, (1) to increase attendance at ward of having their junior colleagues atthe person who does not do that which teachers'report meeting. One of the tend the report meeting with them.

he is instructed to do by proper authormost productive methods of building up If bishops have not instructed their ity, (2) the person who does only that attendance is frequently overlooked. ward teachers accordingly, it is recomwhich he is instructed to do. While division supervisors are expected mended they do so at once. If this proWillingness to follow the direction of to notify each ward teacher of the time cedure is followed, there will be no misthose to whom we are responsible is a and place of this meeting each month, understandings. Senior companions will

virtue, and blessings accrue to all who senior ward teaching companions are invite their junior companions to atare thus obedient. The Lord, however, also to share the responsibility of astend this meeting, and these young men

expects selfinitiative and rewards, with sisting in this project. will feel under obligation to accept the

bonus blessings, those who extend The ward teaching plan of the invitation. Better attendance will be

themselves beyond the regular call of Church contemplates that ward teachers the result.

duty.

BISHOP PRESENTS COMBINATIONS FOR PERFECT

For behold, it is not meet that I should ATTENDANCE RECORDS, REDWOOD CITY WARD, PALO ALTO STAKE command in all things; for he that is comall things, pelled in is a slothful the same

R. Bishop William

servant; wherefore he rewise a not and

Callister is shown reward. ceiveth no

Verily I say, men should be anxiously proudly presenting engaged in a good cause, and do many to seven Aaronic things of their own free will, and bring to Priesthood bearers pass much righteousness. (D & C 58:2627.) combinations of the

Meeting minimum requirements is Book of Mormon, much better than neglecting one's duty Doctrine and Coveentirely, but doing all that is expected nants, and Pearl of and "then some"is the mark of the real Great Price, for leader. perfect attendance

records for 1955.

Ward Teaching

Discernment Invaluable PERFECT INDIVIDUAL AWARD SCORE FOR TWO YEARS,

WITH NO SENIOR MEMBERS OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD, to Ward Teachers RECORD OF MOUNTAINVILLE WARD, NORTH SANPETE (UTAH) STAKE

Try to live so that there are no dark corners across which you have to draw a curtain, and try to put yourself in a position where there is nothing between you and the Lord, nothing cutting off your access to him.

If you do so live, then when you go into the houses of the Saints, not alone will they welcome you, but they will also love you;

they will seek your counsel. It will not

be necessary for you to act as inquisitors.

It will not be necessary for you to put embarrassing questions. They will come

to you for help in their troubles.

One of the great blessings which you brethren can have, who visit as teachers or otherwise, is the blessing of discernment.

It is a rare blessing. Few of us have it to

is spirit the discernment extent. But any real is a record: Here Sixteen enrolled, 21 Aaronic Priesthood under members or come enables me, you we which when sixteen all individual for years, of awards five individual the two priests have nine

to or of into a presence the woman, man awards, teachers all both four keep each; the awards Priesthood have Aaronic members

have the impression come to us as to just Word of Wisdom and pay a full tithing; all priests and teachers do ward teaching; all

the one of person kind is to whom what fast gather inactivity deacons Priesthood the Aaronic under 21. among offerings—no

to talking. are be invaluable This will we Priesthood there in the could possibly be of the Aaronic any senior members How

you, as you can readily understand. (Presiward? There aren't! Not even one!

dent }. Reuben Clark, Jr., Ensign Stake Congratulations to these splendid young men, their bishopric, and Aaronic Priestconference, Nov. 1, 1952.) hood leaders in the Mountainville Ward, North Sanpete (Utah) Stake.

SEPTEMBER 1956 669 9 The{ConcludedChurchfromMovespage 616)On 9 this is the year August 1956 COME TO THE FAIR President David O. McKay dedi-

5 cated the new nursery building adjacent to the Salt Lake Temple. The

new facilities replace older ones, where small children may be cared for while awaiting the moment when they are taken into the temple to be sealed to their parents.

The Brigham Young University a capella choir was featured on the weekly "Great Choirs of America"broadcast of the National Broadcasting Company.

This is the second Church group to be featured in this radio series. The pro-

A CENTURY OF gramMormonJulyChoir15th ofwasSouthernprovidedCalifornia.by the

ACHIEVEMENT Theonly heardbroadcastsin thewereEast.prerecorded and

DEPICTED IN ISTORICAL EXHIBITS Servicemen in West Germany

{Continued from page 643)

with books supplied from the Deseret

Book Co. which they sell at area

Holiday on Ice of 1957 conferences. Proceeds are donated to

the Frankfurt am Main German Beauty Contest branch building fund. The Heilbronn

Sept. 17 -Kid's Day group headed by John Riding began

starring Duncan Renaldo sponsoring dinners and similar proj- (The Cisco Kid) ects for the building fund there. Horse Racing QTEJH With the release of Elder Nash in

Motor Cycle Races August 1955, President Kenneth B.

succeeded President Canwho Horse Show Dyer, selected Elder 1953, non in December Livestock SDAOE Lynn Eric Johnson, St. Anthony,

Write for Free Premium Book Idaho, to fill the position of servicemen's coordinator, who is currently QAO*INDUSTRIAL EXPOSITION serving in that capacity. AND

SEPT. 14th23rd Besides carrying forth the program

Fair GroundsSalt Lake City previously described, the servicemen's organization has a broad program outlined to accomplish in the coming year. Foremost is an ambitious missionary program on two fronts: within

the groups, and as parttime missionaries.

Those serving among the armed Reminds you of fresh country cream forcesa very realizeunique theyposition.are missionariesThey answerin

the many questions they are con-..that good Morning Milk stantly being asked, and through the

power of their testimony and the enExtra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture.

Jorning thusiasm they display, they arouse

Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the the interest of those around them and unopened can. Guarantees superior cooking frequently are invited to hold "cottage meetings."Those who have their

results. wives here can invite others to their

So rich it whips easily when chilled homes and there demonstrate the joy possible within a true knowledge of life and its purpose. Groups are urged

to begin investigator classes, and tracts and pamphlets furnished by the 1 general servicemen's committee have been liberally distributed to all of the groups. Copies of the Book of

Mormon and other teaching aids are available from the Frankfurt bookstore. During 1955, eighteen converts

were baptized through the servicemen's program. For 1956, the be-:"1illas;fiiif

ginning goal has been set at one convert each group, and two copies of the Book of Mormon placed by each member. Inspiring results of this

program are beginning to appear.

The other missionary approach is being encouraged wherever possible wherein parttime missionaries are called to work with the fulltime missionaries among the German population, thereby doubling the contacting power of each missionary pair. Missionaries for this labor have been

called in Stuttgart, Heidelberg, Frankfurt am Main, and Wiesbaden. A

total of twentyeight are presently serving.

The Bern Temple and the privilege of doing temple work there, now that

English sessions are scheduled for those who have had their endowments, will be claiming the attention of servicemen throughout Europe.

The first temple tour of servicemen and dependents from the West German Mission was arranged by the

Frankfurt am Main American branch for February 23 and 24, and many other tours are being planned throughout the different areas.

Enthusiasm is mounting in every quarter for the Berchtesgaden conference year.

Servicemen were also invited to participate in the missionwide German youth conference held during the last week of July, 1956, in Wiesbaden where the Tabernacle Choir sang during its European tour. Several groups supplied singers who

joined the two hundred voice youth choir.

An expanded program is being fostered to find LDS people who don't YOUR ERA SUBSCRIPTION MAY EXPIRE know of LDS meetings, and to acti-... when you're least expecting it. But it needn't. For, by

vate those whose interest may have knowing the expiration date—and by renewing at least two

lagged. Personnel files are checked, months before that date arrives—you can insure against missliaison is established with post chaping even a single issue of The Improvement Era.

lains, notices are put in daily bulleCheck the address label on the back cover of one of your tins and papers, announcements are copies. If the numbers on the last line read "037"for example,

broadcast over the radio, posters adthe last issue we can mail you under your present subscription vertising meetings are displayed will be March 1957.

just mail To renew your payment of $2.50 along with athroughout the camps, and personal

of to label copy your address contacting is done among all known

LDS members. As can be seen by THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the map, there is a group close enough 50 No. Main Street - Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1956 671 Servicemen in West Germany

(Concluded from preceding page) BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY for nearly all to attend meetings prepares you for tomorrow's leadership under throughout the mission area. A great

outstanding faculty, with finest teaching equipment help can be rendered by those desiring someone to be reached within the in many departments: mission if they will send the necessary information to the West GerAccounting Health Education and Safety

Agricultural Economics History man Mission, Frankfurt am Main,

Agronomy Homemaking Education Bettinastrasse, 55, Germany. This has

Horticulture, Air Science Landscaping been done many times with heartHusbandry Animal Housing and Design

Archaeology Human Development and Family warming results. The closeness and

Art Relations love felt within the groups are very

Bacteriology Industrial Arts and Drawing

Athletics and Intradeep, and many who have never beBible, Modern Scripture Intercollegiate

Botany mural Athletics fore felt the need of the Church find

Business Management Journalism here a great spiritual awakening.

Chemistry L.D.S. Church Organization and In connection with the above proAdministration Church History

Clothing and Textiles Library Science gram, an intensified drive for all

Economics Marketing group leaders to write the bishops and

Economics, Management Mathematics Home

Administration Educational Modern and Classical Languages quorums of men not receiving Church

Educational Instruction Music publications has been begun. Group

Services Research, Educational Nursing

Values, Programs Educational Physical Education for Men leaders are furnished form letters and

Engineering Sciences: Physical Education for Women information for this purpose. The

Acoustical Physics importance of these to the men canCivil Political Science not be overstressed. Many times Chemical Psychology

Electrical Radio and Television they stand between the man and his

Geological Recreation succumbing to the great pressures of

Mechanical Scouting English Secretarial Training the world around him, and they serve

Finance and Banking Sociology as excellent missionary aids. At the

Food and Nutrition Speech and Dramatic Arts present, only from ten to twenty perGeography Religious Philosophy and Theology cent of the men are receiving this Geology Entomology Zoology and support. - CLIP AND MAIL FOR FREE INFORMATION—With many fine accomplishments

behind it and many high objectives

PUBLIC SERVICES DEPARTMENT before it, the "Modern Mormon BatBrigham Young University, Provo, Uta h talion"marches on.

Please send me free of charge the fol lowing: The strength it exhibits is best

described by LDS Chaplain Theodore ( ) Admission application ( ) ROTC information Curtis, Jr. Asked to speak to the

( ) Housing application ( ) Scholarship information Protestant chaplains on ways they

Information about the following <departments: could improve their "Protestant Men

of the Chapel"program for lay personnel participation, Chaplain Curtis cited the activity being done among

Name the LDS groups, and pointed out:

Street City "Wherever you have two LDS men come together, you have a 'Men of the Chapel'organization. Their program does not require pushing by

monthly banquets with distinguished

An Improvement Era Publication speakers. In fact, we have to get

out of the way to keep from being \\ Gospel Ideals 1 run over."

In Its Third Edition There Were Jaredites

Selections from the Discourses of (Continued from page 632) "I remember,"said Blank, "that in

President David O. McKay thethingBooklikeof theMormonequivalentLehi hadof Jared'ssomeshining stone, and that was the Liahona. And we are told very plainly

$4.00 at all bookdealers that there was "a type'in this thing."

(Alma 37:3946.)

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "That is thoroughly characteristic of oriental thinking,"Dr. Schwulst

observed. "In a recent study on the

has SchoneveldUrim and Thummim, IT SOLID! MAKE the idea theemphasized Urim does

root Or-, the from whichget its name Security—it—Your Foundation of Personal light that does imply andmeans

was some sort of shining stone; it it SOLID - with CASH IN THE BANKwas the chief jewel of the twelve gems make

on the ephod of the high priest, which were nothing less than 'the symbol of That's what our consistent savers are doing—building their

God's presence.'According to Schonedefense against need and worry by depositing—regularly—

veld, these stones were not introas much as they can in our bank—where it's safe, conduced by Moses, 'but were already venient and IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE for every need—

known in the times before the inevery want.

ritual priest's ofstitution the high Join them today

Itclothing.'55 also recently has been

shown that the peculiar endings of the names Urim and Thummim are We Welcome Your Account not Hebrew plurals at all, but much older endings."56 2ic Interest on Savings

"Strange how everything points to another people,"Blank observed. BankBy-Mail Night Depository Free Parking

"Yes, Lucian already gives us a hint when he says that the Deucalion or

Noah revered at the Syrian shrine zion's savings bankwas not a Greek or Oriental but a from IndoEuropeanScythian—an

the north."57 & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT did "Where the Sumerians come

from,"asked F., "if they brought their South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

culture and legends with them into

Mesopotamia?"

"No question has been more denow!

bated than that one,"was the reply, "but as of today we can do no better FOLDING CHAIRS follow Speiser,than to has who original thesought of the IN COLOR home longSumerians and diligently, and AT NO is that note?) (wherenow concludes

*;";.. the arrived Sumerians at the

of thehead Persian Gulf the EXTRA... from

east, probably by sea, although their COST!

original home... has to be sought

beyond the Iranian province,'that is, where—Speiseraway off in the middleoffers threeof Asiasuggessome-

tions: 'Transcaucasia, Transcaspia, is every food element Everincreasing Samsonite "58 TOWRITE Asia.'Fartherand in popularity LONGEST! LASTS STRONGEST... for prices—FREE retained!DAY

that Everyone knows facfsl in bestAmerica's feature a new Now recipes—food other cereal bread lie and beknows "Then who what may chair: selling exfolding no At color. foods with made whole SPECIAL all this?"F. criedhind the perplexed grain freshly cost, allsteel folding ground chair with tra OFFER FLOUR

is tastier richer far and finish rustresistant for introSend coupon nonchip, enamel is it is in healthgiving nutricertain: thing a world "One of 5-lb. offer ductory of 10 decorator in choice your smart it's ments. the And—pkg.. Smith Deaf wheat If of. of the story not dreamwe steel wise colors. construcwhere tubular somehome Sturdy flour, richAmerica's

it. is thing done about tilt easily, in est or elements, wobble. tion food won't Folds it is is boatsJared's true one, a not

or select Wis. -Minn., efficient, the least Rapid costs stores compactly. Samsonite—flour stone wheat tale,certainly—inElectric a clever Lee Household supremely it longest. lasts because it's ground the day FlourMill reduces whole

t shipped. FREE! tocredibly CHART ingenious COLOR from have come fluffy for flour 1 grain to

-. of fraction penny a a BROS., SHWAYDER 1830."inanyone LEE ENGINEERING CO. all, Division, Institutional Best of Seating a pound.

3, Wis. Milwaukee I.E. it's 5 Detroit 29, Michigan. STONE GROUND this business "Let us sum up free of the Dept.Please Samsonite's send new me I.E. Dept., LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY,

allsteel chairs. for Color folding Chart as it stands,"stonesshining Blank Wisconsin 2023 Ave., Milwaukee Wis. 3, W.

suggested. Name DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50

"A good idea,"replied the OrienAddressOrganization WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00

talist, "especially since I have led you City -Zone -State Name on such a tortuous way. Well then, l. Also Makers of Samsonite Luggage, Street..,..*,.*,

(Continued on following page) Card Tables and Chairs, Classroom Furniture City State

SEPTEMBER 1956 673 BIBLIOGRAPHY There Were Jaredites 31The rabbi.s "could not explain the mean-

(Continued from preceding page) local stuff and the inevitable inacing of Zohar..."Midrash Rabbah, Trsl. H.

first we found, tucked away in the curacies of transmission. Of originalFreedmanI, 244. (London: Soncino Press, 1939),

corner of an old, obscure, and comity not a spark! Always the same Ibid., citing Midr. Rab. XXXI, 11.

pletely neglected Jewish writing a thing over and over again."S3Loc. cit.

very brief passage that suggested, "In other words, the wild excesses 3iTalmud Jerushalmi, Pesahim I, i, Schwab along with alternatives, that Noah of the oriental fancy are themselves Trsl., Paris, 1882, V 2, cited by E. Mange-

F. in la Dictionnaire Vigouroux, de jewels or in stones shininghad the largely of the invention an (Paris, wild exnot,Bible I, 923. Mangenot's 1894), own telling for night usedark, which he cesses of fancy!"Schwulst western "it is reflection is that ridiculous with to say

from day rather than as illumination. laughed. Rabbi Ahiaben-Zeira that in the midst of

That is all the Jews tell us, so far as the darkness of the Ark Noah could dis-

I can find out, and it is not much. "I think that is extremely importinguish day from night by the aid of pearls

it get stones, tant, for luster precious pale that grew and shows whose we when traditions foundNext some about we forth night."shone day by and by like stones, shining the a theme we of stones athe forming shining by

to Mielziner, Introduction 35M. the Talit that product sure the is not be can process, thatheat the noted and p. 62. (1894), mud, of storyvillage imaginative some of tradidispersion thoseworldwide saIbid., p. 92.

as teller either a real event but began their antiquity.tions great indicated rich "so in 37The Babylonian Talmud, forgotten unique and some by act dialectical the shining stone or of then that so full technisubtilties, andWe found

thus produced everywhere went by of general literary creation."calities and elliptical expressions, offers to

the same name and was thought to "As a matter of fact,"Schwulst the translator almost insurmountable difficulties.... It would sometimes require a

possess the same marvelous propercommented, "it has been shown time whole volume of commentary to supplement ties and powers, the most remarkable and again that your village storythe translation of a single chapter of the of which was its power to enable its teller is one of the most reliable deoriginal... This explains why the various

owner to pass through the depths of positories of archaic lore, which he attempts at translating the whole of the the water. Next it was easy to idenpreserves intact through the centuries: Babyloniana failure, soTalmudthat ashave,yet thusonlyfar,comparaproven

tify this stone with the very stone No one could be less guilty of imagintively few Masechtoth of this Talmud have that Alexander the Great lost in the ing things!"been translated, and these translations are

intelligible cases not to be in many enough episodeEuphrates in an which many is only Ether story if the "But what is fully understood not the reader by whoscholars to identify quick were with literary F. creation?"asked familiar text original yet the with and

centrala occurrence in the Gilgamesh epic: the loss of the plant of Life "That makes no difference to its with8990. theYetspiritthis Talmudof the Talmud."is far simplerIbid., andpp.

which had once belonged to Utvalue as evidence. For the question infinitely better known than the Palestinian

napishtim, the Babylonian Noah, who is not, 'How did the author of that Talmud!

is full old literature Indian of the ss"The events?'but those about book know tell couldalone the hero Gilgamesh

to theme,"according un- "Das J. Meyer, possibly have could simply he 'How to obtain andwhere how it. Then verbrennbare der Edelstein Herz J.und

stories?'those anything about known Pyrophilus,"to surthe der Zeitschrift turned Deutschen renowned mostwe Morvival of a cult of Noah in the ancient Remember, the key to the whole genldndischen Gesellschaft, 86 (1932), jr..

97. jewels sugepic Though have thing which many the Gilgamesh was that reworld the found and most

original gested as the shining after until stone—sapbeen long discovered not was cult at object that shrinemarkable etc., phire, smaragd, the favored candidateof of the editions MorBook many

is in that stonewas a wonderful lore shone the called sun. in Indian the ruby,

without appeared; mon had its fiery that stone because of nature. Ibid., 95 ff.. actually tothe claims dark—Lucian

other materials from all the source it ''"Regardless of the original substance;,..".have seen it in operation.

East and West remain quite meanwas the hardening and purifying action? oF

"A monument to human gullibilingless. But as soon as students had fire that achieved the miraculous transformaity,"F. interposed. access to that work they began pointtion:clear itcrystallinewas believedpellets,thatcouldeven behailstones.,used to-

"You miss the point entirely,"ing out borrowings and connections create jewels by fire! Ibid., pp. 9597. The

Blank countered. "This stuff does not on every side, all pointing to a comresult was always a clear crystal, ibid., p..

rely on its historical accuracy for its mon origin. Knowing nothing, 99.

40Ibid., Printz, "Gilgamesh. p. 97. Wilhelm the the about book of Ether,significance."though,

Ges., Alexander,"Ztschr. d. Dt. Morgl. und obligingly scholars have demon196-206. 85 (1931), would "What you say was signifistrated, the that other things, among

op. 41Meyer, cit., p. 99; Printz, Op. cit., p..cant it, then?"about Pyrophilus wonderful has which all 200.

"For one thing it illustrates beautithe properties of Jared's stones is to 42Printz, op. cit., pp. 196 ff. quotes relevant:

fully a thing we are now pointing out be found ultimately in the possession passages from Albertus Magnus, Thomas;

with increasing insistence, namely, of Noah. Of those same stones the Cantimpratensis, Conrad of Megenber, Vinthat the wild, exotic, unbridled orienTalmud preserves a dim but unmiscent of Beauvais, Volmar, and others, all.

tal imagination we hear so much takable memory, a mere hint from of whom give slightly varying versions.

it: is lost, Aristotle passage though 43The the details which in Ether could exist. simply does notabout Where,

is writers, referred later to as a source by but never have been reconstructed,for find could example, a more you cenfourteenth quoted and an by unnamed complete and total lack of creative nonethe-less a witness which puts a tury writer in a passage reproduced by imagination? The same old motifs ocfinal stamp of authenticity on the old Printz, op. cit., p. 197. An earlier version.

cur over and over again for thoustory. More than that I cannot tell than the Alexander story is given by a

sands of years, the only changes being you now."Nauck,ScholiastTragicorumto a lost playGraecorumof Sophocles,Fragmenta;iin A,.

the accretions of equally unoriginal (To be continued) 2nd Ed., (Leipzig, 1889), p. 209.

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i4It is called a pharmakon agerasias or "specific against old age"in the fragment cited in the preceding note; see below, n.

46. 15Printz, op. cit., pp. 189200. UTOCO Gasolines

4?P. Jensen, Assyrischbabylonische Mythenund Epen, in Keilinschriftliche Bibliothek u

(Berlin, 1901), VI, 250-3. Lines 282 ft.

from the XI Tablet of the Gilgamesh epic will illustrate the remarkable commingling of familiar motifs in this very ancient epic: "TOPS

I will disclose, O Gilgamesh, a hidden thing and... tell it to you.

That plant is like a thorn in the field.

Its thorn will pierce thy hand like a thorny vine; it will pierce through thy hand.

When thy hands grasp that plant, thou canst return again to thy land.

When Gilgamesh heard this He opened the....

He tied heavy stones on his feet, into the they dragged him downAnd the plant). (and Balanced for Top Performance cosmic he found ocean

He cut the heavy stones loose, and castA second one he down:fc to:fc his For All Cars in this Area # # %

Then Gilgamesh (on the way home) saw a pool of water, which was cold,He went down into it and washed himself SMOOTHER MORE POWER with water. smelled the fragrance of the plant, OPERATIONA serpent

came up... and took the plant away. GREATER

Then when he came back he mocked and High Antiknock taunted (Gilgamesh), ECONOMY GilgameshThen sat himself down and Quick Starts wept.... No Vapor Lock Longer Mileage

feet are the the stones onThough the key Fast Warm Up Cleaner Burning identifying to Printz,to the story, according the plant of life definitely with the shining Smooth Acceleration Noncorrosive stone Pyrophilos, which Alexander lost in the same way, even the casual reader will note in this brief excerpt various striking parallels to the story of man's fall.

*7H. Stocks, in Beyrutus, IV, 12.

Lucian, De Syria Dea, 1213. Stocks, op.

cit., IV, 7-8, noting that Lucian's flood story

is neither Babylonian nor Greek. He maintains, p. 10, that Lucian rightly refers to

Deucalion, the local Noah, as a Scythian.

Gilgamesh's friend and double Humbaba is obviously the Kombabus whose legend Lucian here recounts: it is a version of the You expect more

sacrifice and resurrection motif.

4BLucian, op. cit., 13. from UTOCO

""Ibid., c. 32.

nA. Jirku, "Der Kult des Mondgottes im and you get it!

altor. Ztschr. d. Dt. PalastinaSyrien,"Mgl. UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

the thatGes. 100 showing (1951), 202-4,

cult was prominent both at Ras Shamra times. in very ancientand Jericho The SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL

of alone at the Syrianprominence Kombabus shrine is enough to guarantee the great age of its rites.

62Macrobius, cited in Stocks, op. cit., p. 15.

C. Clemen, Lukians Schrift iXber die

syrische Goiitin, Heft 3/4, 1938, of Der Alte

Orient, No. 37, p. 42.

54Stocks, op. cit., p. 6.

"J- Schoneveld, in Orientalia Neerlandica, 222.p.

S6A. Jirku, "Die Mimation in den nord- i v hnsemit. Sprachen..."Biblica, 34 (1953), pp. The place to stay

78 ff.

Supra, note 48. The place to eat

E. A. Speiser, in Hebrew Union College

Annual, 23, p. 355.

SEPTEMBER 1956 Roselle L. Bump

Editor

About Face to Success

i I dismarried, was first dislikedWhenliked housework and the by A lite Howe kitchen above all,"confessed Sister Roselle L. Bump of Des Moines, all acclaim the spreads of Sister Bump tions in the branch in 1952, her conIowa. "I even disdained to put on as something to be remembered. If tinuous and persistent efforts have

a house dress. Then one day I sudthe missionaries cannot go to her resulted in the Hall of Fame award

denly reasoned that I certainly was home, she takes food to them. for the branch in 1956. That one

not going to be happy in this frame Because she now enjoys cooking, big drawer in her kitchen desk is an of mind; after all, I was married, so Sister Bump has designed her newly important one.

I had better get busy and do someremodeled kitchen to offer facility Another big drawer is set aside for thing about it. By working on my and provide accessibility to her housethe Primary. Sister Bump has worked

attitude I began to take an interest wares. In a large measure the in this branch auxiliary and is now

in the house, but cooking was a kitchen is her living room, and one the Central Iowa District Primary problem. of its finest features is a desk from supervisor. Although she enjoys this

"I'll never forget the day my huswhich she conducts the business of work, she seems to reflect a special band called and said he was bringing her home. One of the big drawers enthusiasm as she tells of the Relief

a man from the head office home to is especially tabbed Improvement Society dinners of which she has been dinner. I was frantic. I knew next Era because Sister Bump is the Des chairman in Des Moines.

to nothing about preparing a meal. Moines Branch Era director. From a She has had many requests from

All I could do was try, so among small beginning of eight subscripmembers for these recipes:

other things I started preparing a rice pudding. The recipe said three

cups of rice. Well, I kept dividing

and dividing the overflow of rice into one pan and another and then anHere is shrimp all other until I was finally using the dressed up in a dedish pan. I spent the entire day prelightful souffle, garparing the meal. I'm sure it must nishedcheddar withcheesegratedand

have been in spite of my dinner and hard cooked egg not because of it that my husband rings.

kept his job."

With her resolution to become a good housewife, Sister Bump opened her eyes to the homemakers about her, observed their "tricks of the trade,"started studying the newspapers and magazines, and over the years she has made a collection of recipes and helpful culinary suggestions.

"Once I started in the kitchen, I loved it. It is the part of my home I

enjoy most of all, although I am happy with housekeeping generally."

Missionaries who have labored in

Des Moines (and who appreciates good food more than missionaries?)

oto Courtesy of the Kellog Company 676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA German Potato Salad

Plan l!/2 potatoes for each person.

Boil with skins on until tender. Peel

when cool. Slice layer of potatoes in

casserole, salt and pepper and sprinkle lightly with flour, layer upon layer, until all potatoes are used. Fry l/2 pound

of cubed bacon until golden brown. Add

one large Spanish onion cut fine but do not brown. Pour bacon, grease, and

onion over potatoes. In this same frying pan put:

l/2 cup vinegar (or add more to suit taste) water cup and bring to boil and add fcM&l&oi - - Jl/2i. sugar cup 2 Her hobbies are jewelrymaking and cooking

stir potatoes mixture over Pour and results.until taste sweetsour Bake in Salt Lake City Cook Wins Championship

300 F. oven,slow minutes. for 30 Keep You'll find good cooks a that most have and Laurence Becky Ann

until to serve.in a ready oven warm prefer Active Fleischmann's with Dry impressed right be doubly to

Serves six. their mother's awards... Mrs. Albert Yeast, and no wonder. This yeast

For one of the late autumn patio dinUrry won them in two different keeps for months on your shelf. And

ners or for any season, Sister Bump sugstates. She won a blue ribbon at the it's fast rising, easy to use. When

gests: Nevada Elko County Fair and a you bake at home, use Fleischmann's

championship at the Utah State Fair. Active Dry Yeast for all your yeastBarbecued Spareribs Thjs was last year and Mrs. Urry's raised specialties and for the new

first year of cooking competition. "YeastRiz"main dishes. There's a

4 to 5 pounds spareribs. Although Mrs. Urry is new to comrecipe on every"Thrifty Three''strip.

Cut into servings. Place in roaster in petition she's been an expert cook for

while, she so imknows the a longlayers, layer, salting peppering each and

Gef the New ingredients. That's of portance good slice serving; a of onion eachand put on

'Thrifty Three"Active Fleischmann's uses she why seed,sprinkle celery the with spoon and following sauce over each layer: Dry Yeast. "It's so dependable,"she

says. "And it keeps for months."Another Fine Product of Standard Brands, Inc.

2 bottles catsup 340 TABLE/675 CHAIR/Vl 2-714 CHINA BUFFET!/3 to V2 bottle tobasco sauce (go easy)

5 tablespoons liquid smoke

Bake, covered, in slow oven, 300 F.,

two to three hours.

Fresh Corn Scallops

2 cups cooked corn, cut from cob (or 2 cups canned niblets) 1 teaspoon grated onion 2 tablespoons chopped pimento 1 cup cracker crumbs salt pepper 2 to 3 tablespoons butter 3/4 cup of milk Mix corn, onion, and pimento. Alternate layers of this mixture with cracker

crumbs and seasonings in greased casserole. Dot with butter. Pour milk over

(Continued on following page)

Fresh from the oven, this fresh corn scallop is temptingly delicious.

Send for Informative Booklet Dept. I

"GOD GRANTS LIBERTY ONLY TO THOSE WHO LOVE JT. AND ARE ALWAYS READY TO GUARD AND DEFEND IT."Daniel Webster

SEPTEMBER 1956 677 Know Your IDS Cooks

(Continued from preceding page) HAMMOND ORGAN mixture and bake in hot oven, 400 E,

The Voice of Inspiration in more than 40,000 Churches 20 minutes. Serves six.

Just as the Hammond preset keys make Hammond the simplest Other casserole favorites of our cook organ to play, the Hammond drawbars offers the organist a are:

wider range for his talents.

Reading or listening to comments about the Hammond does Shrimp Souffle not tell the full story. 1 can shrimp, 5 ounce or 7 ounce can

Low First Cost—Negligible Upkeep—No Tuning—Absolute 5 slices buttered bread cut into

Dependability—Tremendous Tonal Resources. These have l/2 inch cubes. No crust.

given the Hammond organ a position unparalleled in music Va pound American cheddar cheese, today. grated

Your investigation will prove these statements. Come in 3 orteaspoon4 eggs dry mustard

for a personal demonstration, or write for complete teaspoon salt details. /8 teaspoon pepper 1 4 teaspoon paprika 2 cups milk GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO Butter casserole dish. Alternate layers

2546 Washington Blvd. 74 South Main St. 57 No. University St. of bread, cheese, and shrimp. In separate bowl, mix eg;gs slightly and add to

them the salt, pepper, paprika, and milk. Pour over casserole. Set in pan

of hot water and bake 50 to 60 nrnutes.

in 350 F. oven, Leave shrimps whole

or cut in half if too large. Do not use

processed cheese. Serves four.

Tenderoni Souffle

1 cup tenderoni 1 cup soft bread crumbs 1 cup cheese, grated enroll immediately for.. (or y2 pound processed cheese)

1 cup hot milk 2 eggs, beaten

Cook the tenderoni in salted water. FALL QUARTER not blanch. Mix above ingredients Do Start now to gain I OFFICE MACHINES STENOGRAPHY ACCOUNTING

in order given. togetherthorough trainingin Introductory Proof Bank Machine shorthand accountingoffice and Punch Intermediate IBM Card

work... be qualified Burroughs'Sensimatic Dictating Machines CPA Review l/2 cup butter, melted

to meet employment P | us Many others Plus Many Others Plus Many Others 1 onion cut fine competition. 2 oz. pimento, cut fine

For complete information, call or write the College today. 1 small green pepper, cut fine

soft, until these ingredients Simmer PHONE into butabove. the then with Turn mix COLLEGE BUSINESS 14"10"rein dish place tered x and 3-2765 Young University EM Branch of Brigham

70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY bakingfrigeratoruntilovernight.casserole Removeis room temperaprior to

-*:.-—-!:—:—:'—1:-—H '—- O -—<-—',- -[<-l"<V ture.a quarterThenhoursbakeatfrom300oneF. toServeone withand

sauce made of condensed mushroom

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Whenever you movesoup with added mushrooms or with a

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple white sauce with almonds and sliced sore throat and other minor mouth Send your old mailing label tostuffed olives added. Serves eight.

and throat irritations.

gether with your new address to Other recipes for which Roselle Bump is well known are her ginger krinkles and rhubarb chiffon pie. HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City. Utah THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ginger Krinkles 50 North Main Street 3/4 cup shortening 1 cup brown sugar (packed) GOSPEL IDEALS Salt Lake City 16, Utah 1 egg By President David O. McKay Allow us 30 days. 4 tablespoons molasses, generous

teaspoon salt y4$4.00 aT your bookdealers soda 2 teaspoons

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA l/2 teaspoon nutmeg 1 teaspoon cinnamon \ l/2 teaspoons ginger 2!/4 cups flour, not sifted first 1% MILLION WESTERN WONDERS

Cream shortening and sugar very thoroughly; then blend in beaten egg Proud of the eternal beauty and accelerated

and molasses. Sift dry ingredients together and stir into creamed mixture progress in their fourstate homeland,

and place in refrigerator to chill. 1 x/i million Intermountain Citizens comprise a "sales

Shape dough into balls. Place. on

greased baking sheet about two to three force"that is a true "wonder of the west."Backing them

inches apart. Press down lightly with up, with annual special editions as well as daily feafork dipped in water, and sprinkle with

sugar. Bake in 350 F. oven 12 to 15 tures about the Intermountain West, is The Salt Lake

minutes. Watch carefully because they Tribune, One of America's Great Newspapers which,scorch easily.

in this fourstate area is proud of its role as a

Rhubarb Chiffon Pie potent force in development of scenic, natural and com- 1 package lemon gelatin munity resources.

Y4 cup boiling water ]/$ to Y2 cup sugar (depending upon sweetness of rhubarb) 1 lemon, juice and grated rind 1 cup whipping cream 2 cups cooked sweetened rhubarb 1 10inch pie shell

Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Add

sugar, lemon juice, and grated rind, and chill until consistency of unbeaten egg white. Whip. In separate bowl whip

the cream, add a little red food coloring to the rhubarb, fold into the cream, and add into the whipped gelatin mixture.

Make certain rhubarb is not cold when adding the food coloring; otherwise the

coloring will not blend. Put mix in national

refrigerator and allow to thicken, stirCompacType occasionally.ring it appears When baked BIBLESready to stay mixed, spoon into

pie shell and chill until firm. Chilling BELOVED KING

overnight is usually best. JAMES VERSION

American upholstered chairs Sister Bump recalls that one of her with pew ends most interesting experiences was receiving a "fan"letter after she and one of American Seating offers her recipes were featured in Better comfort and dignity magazine. Gardens andHomes Since in church furniture

that time, our cook and her homemaker friend from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, have NOW!—for the first time, you can For comfort, dignity, and quietness in

Bibles three handsome from choose Seating American choose seating, by church,. Christmas.corresponded each for specifically designed NATIONAL, offer and beauty chairs. They upholstered individual presentafor or awards recipes splendid sucthe group and These

adaptable are posture; correct durability, less exceptionally are All tions thin—if atticess of suggest the that our cook

5"size. l x in l/s"convenient than rows. curved to 1"—! is right, cookingtude can become an clearcut printed are in All CompacType Seating American buy churches More art a to housewife. Roselle joy and any attractively paper, and Bible white on

If are you other make. than any products $4.50. and at $2.75, priced of States $1.95, the Mission NorthernBump

stands as evidence that some cooks are planning to reseat, remodel, or build, write made and not born. us in detail about your seating requirements.

AMERICAN SEATING national BIBLES Depf. 169, Grand Rapids 2, Mich.

AT LEADING BIBLE STORES WORLD'S LEADER IN PUBLIC SEATING

TEMPLE MOTEL ARIZONA FARMS SaleLeaseor Temple Next to L.D.S.

New growingdistrict,season.unrestrictedIdeal for water,melons, 12monthproduce, 10 Minutes from Beaches

feed. Contact... Kitchenettes Available

FIRST MORTGAGE & INVESTMENT CO. On Highway 66

ARIZONA - REALTOR OF Central Phoenix, Arizona 10675 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, Calif. 1103 North

Phone GRanite 9-9455 SEPTEMBER 1956 679 IT'S NO CHORE AT ALL TO MAKE JAM THIS UNCOOKED WAY!

KITCHEN STAYS COOL... time and work are cut

down... and you get

more and better jam than ever before! These easyto-

make uncooked jam recipes... developed exclusively

by M. C. P. JAM AND

JELLY PECTIN... by eliminating cooking

and boiling, preserve intact ALL the fresh fruit flavor (and color), and produce more jam from less fruit and sugar. You can make

M.C.P. uncooked jams with either fresh fruits

when available... or frozen berries anytime

you like. In fact, because fresh berries are

often scarce and highpriced, more and more jam makers are making most of their jams with frozen berries, regardless of season...—Photo by Ralph H. Anderson

and thus enjoying freshmade jams that can be made as wanted and without cooking...

forPECTINless thanhas 15<*thesea halfpounduncooked! Onlyjam recipes.M.C.P.

find You'll in the them recipe complete Preserving the in every package of M. OVioz.) folderC P.

.. with. along those for the regular PECTIN

cooked jams and jellies, if you prefer them. Autumn Colors

YOU NEVER SAW SUCH CLEAR, COLORFUL, SPARKLING JELLY!

by Alice Wbitson Norton SO MUCH JELLY, TOO, from a given amount of is this yours All personal pleasure for tain for our Frost a magic wand waves Jack simWhen the unique using ply by hills, months. and months the Across - pressing wooded juice / M.C.P.fruit!

that gives you more method muscadine purple grapes and And a garden, at look take a Let us as juice twice than much spills, odor pungent A first. Frost's twice than lightly more by touched Jack

sod to in air and sense I seem the from ever before jelly. than.. thus, as much for a visit. pause us Let autumn! this fruit more, What's 'twixt of.. and God. close contact amount same man A

that clarified is fully so of juice abundance here bed; at asparagus the moment

jelly, dependable with make you when stalks, asparagus will see sturdy deso many people, autumn is a you the only get not most it youinto PECTIN, M.C.P.

clearest and most beautiful the licious but, also, of their ferny feath- M.C.P. Totime of sadness; the winds carry a stripped of course this remarkable jelly get imaginable. To

juicepressing method (and the M.C.P. Jelly plaintive tune they know not at ers, but heavy with bright red berries.

cash or send Si. 00 Set to use it with), Making to any other season of the year; the Another frost will get them, but why fronts Pectin package and 3 M.C.P. stamps

Calif. Anaheim, Laboratory, Kitchen to M.C.P. the withering carries hand over turn unequaled a glow any them by

in extra moon back get your than money more You'll they readily so birds, Frost of season; the other when migratory Jack first use it time jelly the you juice and

whose keen wisdom sends them southcan add brightness to the house ward with the first breath of autumn, throughout the long gray days of

HERE'S A HOME PRESERVE THAT IS bring a sort of droop to our spirits. November—even longer, if properly

REALLY OUT OF THE ORDINARY! The weather has a great deal to do preserved.

CONCORD GRAPE with one's feelings, but our common So let us cut these redberry-laden

CONSERVE licious combinationis a truly deof sense should always overshadow branches and store them along with fresh grapes, orange, walfeelings; yet using our brains, espebranches from the bronze barberry, the

nuts, and raisins... "put

together"in beautiful form cially in the fall of the year, is one oakleaf hydrangea, and the autumnwith M.C.P. AND JAM

It's easy of the things the human race fresplotched chrysanthemum leaves. PECTIN. JELLY

to make... and gives you an outof-theordi- quently overlooks. But how, you question, can we

to delight family table treat that is sure nary in friends. for Directions the I'm thinking now of the beauty that store these things and preserve their and making

Recipe complete Folder in every package (3'/2 - slips right out from under our finbeautiful colors? oz.) of M.C.P. PECTIN. gers—beauty that we could, through It is not exactly easy, but it can

a little effort and perseverance, rebe done by using a good sized box 680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and packing the leaves and berries, between layers of fresh sand. I haveeven preserved both the leaf and Earn More—With Safety

plume of crimson sumac by this after has the frost weeksmethod for Christopher Columbia Says... in their the gorgeouswithered beauty SAVE

valley.

Now let us turn to our helichrysum |Make Your Savings'MAIL!—more commonly titled, the marigoldor strawflower. No plant gives more Pay YOU...

in return for the labor expended than

Make your money earn the most,.

a bed of helichrysum; these flowers big 4%. Experienced lending... low

begin developing early in the sumoverhead... and no gifts let us

mer, and they are easy to preserve. share the earnings with you. Invest

For this particular group of flowers, with complete safety In this state-

I gather them before they are entirely government supervised company.

fullblown because I like the buds All money received until Septembetter than the fullblown flower. I ber 15 earns from September 1. With Safety

cut them with long stems, tie in small Open an account now either bunches and hang up to dry with the in person or by mail.

blossoms down. I dry them in paper STATE

bags left slightly open at the top [SUPERVISED to dispose of any moisture and also ElbertCurtisR.

to protect them from dust, and once President they are dry I close the bag carefully, SUGARIN SAVINGS1056 EASTAND21STLOANSOUTHASSN.ST. RobertHodgenV.

pack loosely in a big cardboard box HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY 6. UTAH Exec.

and set them in my basement. These Vice Pres.

you will find especially valuable OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

throughout the winter for brightenElbertDr. J. LeR. RoyCurtisKimball T.LeoJ. L.ChristiansenCapson LouisSid N.H.CornwallCallister

ing the home, using fern for green- J. Fred Pingree Dee F. Anderson George A. Dixon

ness.

As early as June, I begin gathering long sprays of gypsophila, drying and packing by the same method; the

result is bits of lacy whiteness at no expense during long, dark winter days.

The woods arc veritable fairylands in October with the leaves from the oak family so bright and vivid in color. These, along with the sourweed and the red hawthorn and black

hawthorn vines with their bright red berries, found trailing along old fences in outof-way places, respond to packing in sand.

Therefore the color in our autumn gardens, as well as the beauty of wild things growing in profusion in the woods about us, can be preserved for home decorations long after old

Mother Nature has tucked her babies away for a peaceful sleep in a dormant world.

SUMMER SONG

By Lance Delaney TThe brown boy cartwheels down the lane

Merely to see what he can see,

Having no need for any gain Except green song, as wind blows free.

A boy and earth in summer weather

Are rhythm and song, joined together.

SEPTEMBER 1956 Pest Control In 'Tin coming to school at BYU—Food Storage

(Sixth in a series of articles on family food storage.) which bank is best

11 Frequent and careful inspection should be made of food storage for students? to protect against pest infestations in wheat, sacked flour, raisins,

corn, peas, rice, fruits, beans, THAT'S EASY—the "students'bank,"the friendly dried destruction foods. Early and other

Farmers & Merchants Branch of Walker Bank. Guess we of beetles, weevils, cockroaches, or

ought to call ourselves the "Farmers & Merchants & Students other pests is essential; otherwise the

Branch,"we've had the pleasure of serving so many BYU need for fumigation of not only the folks We enjoy it! And we've learned a lot about your storage room but also the entire

needs and how we can serve you best. So, make the friendly building may 'result.

Farmers & Merchants Branch one of your first stops in At the first sign of any such pests, the Utah State Agricultural College

Provo. See why so many students say—and United States Department of

Agriculture make the following rec- "For my money it's ommendations: "Packaged foods,

11 beans, whole grain, nut meats, and similar foods may be heated in the Walker Bank! oven at a temperature of 150 F. for

minutes. be oven 20 The door may students special get \ that Walker Bank of U (V

at attention South, Sugar Second Main and slightly overajar to prevent propped

City. or in Salt House, South 450 Lake West II 2nd

heating. This treatment will destroy

all stages of insect pests if the food containers are not too large nor the food too deep to be heated through to 140 F. for 15 minutes during this

treatment. Small grains being treated

YOUR ERA should be placed about one inch deep in shallow containers before heating.

SUBSCRIPTION "Infested raisins, dried prunes, and It's entirely MAY EXPIRE homedried fruits may be placed in a small cheesecloth bag and dipped six into boiling seconds, water for... you're least expecting when Automatic... thorthe contents be should it. For, it needn't. But by knowThen

ing the expiration date—and by oughly dried before being stored in

jars. Pestfree food, kept in conELECTRIC renewingbefore thatatdateleastarrivestwo months—you pestproof containers, such as fruit

tainers which insects cannot enter, can insure against missing even will remain free from insect injury or WATER a single issue of The Improvecontamination."

ment Era. Kitchen cupboards as well as longHEATING

Check the address label on the term storage shelves should be cleaned costs the back cover of one of your frequently. Some authorities advise

average copies. If the numbers on the once a month scrubbing with hot

family last line read "037"for example, soapy water with emphasis upon all only about the last issue we can mail you cornersretreat. and"Whileplacesshelvesof possibleare bare,insectthey

under present subscription your a dime be sprayed may with 5 percent DDT a day will be 1957. March or percent 2 chlordane household

To renew just mail your payspray.

Boy from Your Dealer or Plumber ment of $2.50 along with a copy "Spray spaces beneath cupboards,

of your address label to lower parts of walls, and the floor.. "* Be Modern... near places where food is stored.

insecticide soluallow any Never THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or containers, food, the tion to touch Live Electrically 50 No. Main St. dishes, and avoid applying around

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Salt Lake City, Utah flour for food will acquire the taste of

some chemicals in the spray.

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Chlordane 5 percent DDT 10 percent strength powder may be dusted behind radiators, on floors, and in ant runs. This will destroy ants, roaches,

silverfish, and flourinfesting insects which travel over or rest on such insecticide-treated surfaces. However,

chlordane should not be used to treat large areas of space in the home."*

Every precaution should be observed in the use of these insecticides as they are also poisonous to people.

In the event a child or any person should get any of the spray internally, a dose of very hot soda water should be taken, to induce nausea, and the person should be rushed to a doctor. Any part of the body that

is exposed during the spraying period should be thoroughly washed afterwards. The spray should never be

allowed to remain on the skin.

By storing foods in pestproof containers and following other recomWhatever the age group, there is a quality mendations for the care of your food Proof of Clarin's exceptional Clarin chair just right for the purpose. Seat

storage, the problem of insect infestalongrivalledtermteneconomyyear guaranteeis the unheights graduate each inch from 12 through tion will be greatly reduced. Howthat accompanies every Clarin 18 inches.

ever, continual surveillance is imporfolding chair. Write for complete catalog.

tant because prompt pest control is simple; postponed pest control is exMANUFACTURING COMPANYpensive and extensive. Regardless of CLARIN Dept. 65 4640 W. Harrison St., Chicago 44, Illinois

all precautions, remember that pest control is an essential phase of any food storage program.

*Protect Your Food from Insects,"by George

Knowlton, Fact Sheet No. 33, U.S.A.C, Logan, Utah. F Let Us Demonstrate The CLARIN Folding Chair

WE ALSO SELL Heywood -Wakefield Choir Seating

HANDY HINTS Church Pews Folding Partitions

Flannelboards Blackboards Stage Curtains Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event Paper and Janitorial Supplies

that two with the same idea are submitted, Mimeograph & Ditto Machines the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

Layer cakes stay fresh when you place & SUPPLY COMPANYslices of fresh bread over the cut surface.

Secure bread with toothpicks. Mrs. B. H.,

Hermosa Beach, Calif. SALT LAKE * OGDEN * IDAHO FALLS

When planning for a quilt, make your patterns of celluloid. You can then set

these on your materials, mark around them with a pencil, and all your pieces will then be the exact size and shape. L. L., Vero * PROFOUND A Book for

Beach, Florida. * STIMULATING YOUR FAMILY

* INTERESTING Your little girl can get at least one season's added wear out of outgrown dresses ff if you make them into summer midriffs.Rip the waist seam and reflnish the bottom Gospel Ideals'

of the blouse. Use the sash for banding In Its Third Edition

the skirt. Such a dress doesn't look made

over.—V. H., Detroit, Mich. Selections from the Discourses of

Cut a large supply of paper drawer liners at once. Place several liners in each drawer. President David O. McKay

When the top sheet is soiled, remove, and the is fresh. drawer Cutting a liner at a $4.00 at all bookdealerstime -Mrs. is a nuisance. Cainsville, R. C,

Missouri.

SEPTEMBER 1956 683 How to "Carry Over"together.arms aboutFolloweach me.otherLetandus putlift ourtoenjoy deluxe (Continued from page 626) gether. Let us establish Zion to-

I say but not as I do?"Or will the gether. Come follow me. Carry on."

"fountain"sundaes "Carry On"that we sing be an inIs that the spirit?

terpretation of the words of the MasMy brothers and sisters, the re- a+ home with ter, "Come, follow me.""Carry on sponsibility resting on you is greater

(eV>>-}\>vN3\j\5\*2srNx>v> ToumeX&ide toppings er approacipp k to the

CHOCOlATl FUDGE topping* 5arettA problem

Richard L. Evans

Recently we approached the safety problem as a moral principle. Today we should like to consider safety as the

evidence of an inner attitude, for the inner attitude of a person tends to carry over into all his outer activities. (We have

talked before of temper as a mark of immaturity, and so, in

Now make sundaes like a fountain promany instances, are accidents—not immaturity of years only,

fessional—the Towne Pride way! Big, but immaturity of emotion.) Safety engineers, safety devices,

luscious, mouth - watering sodas and and all the signs of safety that tell us to stop, look, and sundaes to eat. that are a dream Towne

itPride easily, listen, to think, to be courteous, to be cautious, all help to Toppings do for you—soso simply. Makes serving ice cream five insure a measure of safety—as do laws and codes and rules

intimes enjoyable. as Comes five delicious and regulations. But, trite as it may be to say so, we must

:flavors chocolate fudge, strawberry,

butterscotch, pineapple, chocolate syrup. everlastingly remind ourselves that the human element always enters in. Safety is, after all, primarily a problem of

people. People, for the most part, make situations safe or

unsafe. Attitudes make situations safe or unsafe: Humility,ToumeXltode integrity, courtesy, consideration, respect for life, respect

for people, tend to make situations safe or safer. Anger,

discourtesy, indifference, lack of humility, the cocksureness of conceit, and lack of respect for people, all contribute to situations unsafe. (Also conscience can a bad make

is MOTEL FOR SALE makinga situation unsafe. conscience gnawing whose Any man

In Los Angeles, on national at him doesn't have his mind on his work as well as he highway, walking distance to the should.) Happiness and unhappiness in general are signifinew Mormon Temple, an attractive, cant factors in the safety situation. Indeed, one physician

reported that "unhappiness the principle may be nearly beautifully landscaped, new recently cause of death suggests in modern society."1 Another survey motel, modernistic fourteen - room

religious outlook "a against is good protection sudden plus a that nice apartments and two to highaccident that "the death"be less 2 and group tended that for be converted can room conventional, rental, so there be twentywould them."2 And it. is.. easyless toinseeharmonywhy it iswithso. Ifthea personworld aroundunderunits beds. All four rentable ultra

modern, with latest approved motel stands life's purpose and respects his Godgiven privileges, he is less likely to be trash, and more likely to respect his own furnishings—wall to wall carpet,

tiled showers with glass doors, or safety and survival, and that of others also, while the recombination tub and shower. sentful or unconventional person is less likely to consider

consequences. And we would say to all who have been given

Also three linen rooms with the privilege of living life: Preserve it against abuse, against

ample linen, laundry room with illness, against accidents, your own and all others also. Be

automatic washer and dryer. Large alert. Be courteous. Be cautious. Be considerate. And don't

neon sign and attractive lighting strike out on any road or any job or any errand in anger.

all on a valuable 98x120 corner lot. Live long and well and thoughtfully, and let other men live

A motel that you will be proud of likewise—to a fulness and wholeness and happiness of life.

and is rated AAA. Established

clientele that will improve. ReUke Spoken Word square FROm temple with reasonquires $60,000 down

PRESENTED BROADCASTING THE COLUMBIA OVER KSL AND able payments on balance. Would SYSTEM, JULY 22, 1956

make a nice twofamily operation. Copyright 1956

Write Box 25 864, Los Angeles 25, *Dr. Kenneth Appel, President of the National Commission on Mental Illness and

, California. Health.2Findings(See Time,of UniversityMay 14,of 1956,Coloradopage team68.) headed by Psychologist John J. Conger.

Ibid.

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA than you realize. Your responsibility

to convert the youth of Zion is as great as the responsibility restingupon any missionary in any mission Travel hy of the Church. You must be missionaries. Every MIA officer must be a low distance

missionary. Every chapel must be

a mission field. Every class must

be a mission field, and every child who comes to MIA must be considered an investigator of the gospel.

We fail in our mission if we fail to convert these young people so that they can "carry on."

In a spirit of faith and prayer, in a spirit of genuine devotion on your own part, will you seek this converend savesion? There is no real obedience

conversion.without

Yesterday I had the privilege of the difference listening to Mr. Wilson who is here

from the general headquarters of the

Boy Scouts of America. I hope he

will forgive me if I refer to a little story he told in the address he gave in the Assembly Hall. He spoke of

soldier of oursome American boys AGAIN AVAILABLE "BANQUETMASTER"ALLNEW THE NEW! ashore in put a Japanesewho were

BANQUET FOLDING island. ofheld TABLE these boys One beautiful Designed for today's

Schools Churches was THE A. B. C. of MORMONISM: captured, the thinking and enemy Private Homes Cafes

that the boy might give them secrets, by tortured him terribly. They whipped Aubrey J. Parker

him into unconsciousness, but he was one time Methodist Minister determined to be loyal to America, and with each lash of the whip he Popular pocket size, beautifully bound.

said to himself, "A Scout is trustSent to you for ONE DOLLAR postpaid.

worthy. A Scout is trustworthy,"and Apply to "BANQUETMASTER"

he said that as he lapsed into unELDER AUBREY J. PARKER Theyour newchoicefoldingof coloredbanquet topstableat withno

consciousness. 616 West Carrillo St. extraSamplecost.table sent at no cost to

It was a "carry over"in a magnifiSanta Barbara, California churchesStorage trucksand allof institutions.advanced design

cent way, wasn't it? A "carry over"fordescription,chairs andprices tables.and guarantee.Write for

from Scout training, so that this boy, D. H. Loosli Co., Inc.

when faced with the great torture Idaho Falls, Idaho that came to him, remembered the teaching. It sealed his lips. It developed a greater loyalty than ever in >e:

his soul.

Now when boys and girls from your classes meet temptation, and that Exclusive custom designed wedding temptation beckons them, will they gownsspecifications.to meet CompleteTemple Marriagebridal

say, "A Latterday Saint is chaste. A service within your budget.

Latterday Saint is clean. A LatterThe West's finest formal store

day Saint is faithful. A Latterday

Saint is devoted. A Latterday Saint

is obedient. A Latterday Saint is

true."? Will that be their response? 242 East South Temple DA 2-0252 Defies Costly Moisture Damage

penetratSeal's deep WaterIf it is, then you will have achieved Salt Lake City, Utah Thompson's porous seals pores ing protection of all your "carry over."You will have materials—brick, concrete, stucco, wood,

obtained a conversion, and the youth canvas, etc. (indoors; outdoors). Helps

will "carry on."DRINK eliminateer stain. mildew,Transparent,moistureno damage,residue orweathdis-

But will you remember that we coloration. Use brush, spray, mop or

ft. sq. roller. Gal. covers up to 400 At a before "carry over"havemust paint, stores, building hardware, or supply we ficq A delightful a on.""carrycan have direct, This Gal. Qt. $1.55; ppd. $4.78 No. is my for those hot beverage

Inc. E. Co., A. C.O.D.'s WestThompson prayer, in Jesus'humble name. coffee. drink don't who ern Francisco Mart. Merchandise San

Amen. AT YOUR GROCERS California. 3,

SEPTEMBER 1956 685 KITCHEN CHARm Melchizedek Priesthood

WAXED PAPER (Concluded from page 667) the General Authorities of the Church

First Presidency one and the the sidered by Saints. Christ of Latterday Jesus 11 of

was. "lot,"as Matthias by KEEPS FOOD chosen much practice since has This been the FRESHER LONGER! the days of the Prophet Joseph. President Eighth—Sustaining the New Apostle: Joseph Fielding Smith has written the

following regarding the apostles reAfter the selection has been made ceiving "the fulness of the keys and by the President of the Church of the priesthood:"

man to fill the vacancy in the Quorum of the Twelve, the President of President Brigham Young and the other the Church presents his name to his members of the Council of the Twelve had

Counselors for their sustenance and theferredfulnessupon ofthemthe bykeystheandProphetpriesthoodbeforeconhis then to the members of the Quorum death, so that any one of them could act, of the Twelve. Thereafter the pereach in turn, should he come to the Presison selected is presented to the body of dency, and all he would then need would

the Church at a general conference for be the setting apart. All of the members

of the Council of the Twelve today have a sustaining vote. had conferred upon them all the keys and

authority necessary to be exercised by anythe Presidency, reach and might Receiving the one who Ninth—Ordination,

set apart. then be he would Keys, and Setting Apart:

things been having accomThese Tenth—Tenure of the Apostles:

plished, the brother is then ordained to the apostleship. This ordination It has been the practice in the

is usually performed by the President Church to retain the apostles in their of the Church; however, he could positions as members of the Quorum

delegate one of the other brethren to of the Twelve as long as they remain

WITH MILLIONS POPULAR... perform the ordination. faithful Latterday Saints and honOF HOUSEWIVES

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS At the time of his ordination, all orable apostles. After having received

the keys pertaining to the apostlethe apostolic appointment, the vast ship, to the priesthood, and to the majority of the apostles have retained building of the kingdom of God are that divine appointment and remained bestowed upon the new apostle; and in the position as members of the

he is set apart to be a member of the Quorum of the Twelve until their

Quorum of the Twelve and as one of deaths.

u-lbid., vol. 3, p. 150. '-'/iii'i, vol. 3, pp. 106107.

These Times

(Continued from page 610) membership in the most prominent life and its issues? For example, are the country club, ability to entertain the

Mormon people in North America really loyal employeeretainers and relatives at aware of their urban status and its sig- a suburban estate, and perhaps comnificance? Urban life is highly competimute in a private plane). The neightive, highly organized, highly specialized, bors are just other people in the power

highly interdependent. The "power"structure, trying "to get ahead"or "get

structure is broader and more comon top.""Ahead"and "on top"in

plicated. This means that the hardmodern America is quite a race, stimudriving urbanite, to capture his dream lating, and perhaps rewarding. But as

of Eden, actually goes far beyond his mentioned in a recent piece on the subsimple "territory."Instead he drives ject of mental health, are we forsaking

through a maze of corporation law, our primary groups—the family, the

markets, production schedules, manuneighborhood, the small community? Is

facturing and distributing, transportathere a relation between living in the tion and advertising problems, in the suburbs, driving madly to the city for mad attempt to "reach the top."In work, then madly back to the suburbs

Ruritania, he soon reaches the end of at night—and our mental anxieties?

the north forty. To acquire the next Can one live in Eden and Babylon at

JOHNSON & JOHNSON forty, and then go on, spells real conthe same time? (Some folks in West-

L.D.S. Genealogical Research quest over things and things in nature. wood Village, north of Wilshire in Los

Translated to the city, the drive is Angeles, or in Scarsdale, N.Y., or CotSpecializing in translated into the drive for power over tonwood, Utah, seem to think so and

U.S. Census Records and or with human beings—the organization maybe it is possible.)

Pension Records of big business, big labor, or big govThe 1950 census classified only 11.7

Box 3188—Washington 9, D. C. ernment—in order finally to sit under percent of Utah's population as "rural

the vine and fig tree (translated to mean farm population,"compared with about 686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 15 percent for the nation as a whole,

The rest were adjudged urban or rural nonfarm people. The mobility of people, on wheels and wings of all sorts,

plus radio, renders the ancient concept of territory more difficult in practical—andways. Evenvice versa!the ruralAt todaya wardare conferurban

ence it is not unusual to hear a bishopreport that "during the past year we Qj0 received into the ward 396 recommends and sent from the ward 387 recommends."Then he will state that

the total population on January 1 was,let us say, "865."... and

Much moving about is due not only to rapid means of communication and it's good the volatile economic demands of urban Asociety, but also to the quest by modern for them

Adam and Eve for paradise regained. of Milk

In the meantime life changes. The past Royal Baking Cofifty years has seen a great increase in Salt lake and Ogden in Every Loaf

nonterritorial groups, groups that cross lines, instead of the territorialboundary associationgroup, the based on ward, Enriched with VITAMINS and IRON stake, commercial or political or other district lines and boundaries. This is

true in international politics and business. Mark the foreign business interests of your own neighbors who formerly Why Share Your Spacetransacted only locally or nationally. It SKIN PROBLEMS? with a Swinging Door?

is also true in the social life of the MorIf you are troubled with rough, dry, mon family that attends Church in the inscalingdespair,or itchingthinkingskin noand producthave givenwouldup territorial ward, then rushes to the extrarelieve or heal your skin, then you owe territorial church history, missionary, it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT.

or other informal, churchrelated club or Your druggist has this marvelous healing association that marks much of the real ointmentmoney if andyou arewill notgladlypleasedrefundwithyourreinner active life of the Mormon comsults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and

munity, but whose statistics never get skincolor.

into the records.

Man and territory or organizations strictly related to territoriality have been identified for a long, long time. PerSATISFY. ABSOLUTELY TO GUARANTEED Hhaps extraterritorial associations repreit at from order your Get drug*Mstore, or

sent a recent dimension in the search for

Eden. However, in contemplating & this H LABORATORIES M not overlook 151 watering the back fact do NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH EAST 2ND

lawn or the geranium in the window 1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00

box during the remainder of the summer. POSTPAID

Your own Eden is probably right there, a "MODERNFOLD'unrecognized, waiting to be regained. mowioe * MOREdoorSPACEtakesFOR noneLIVING

BEAUTY NEW COLORFUL - STRENGTH k FOLDING ** RIGID BANQUET * MOVABLE WALLS OF STEEL

fold that accordion BEFORE THE SUNRISE > TABLES the doorslike an

By Cherry McKay Abater flowing through the meadow, III mini mil In hi

Trailing mists, that rose to follow,

Mists that rose off, in the air;

Light of dawn was not yet there.

This I saw before the sunrise For demonstration write or phone

From the train's berth: equipoised

pairs; stately in Poplars walked ALDER'S TRUCKS

Chair* storingMONROE airs. far into bird lone City winged Salt Lake South 960 MainA

truck Forthe easy wayTables EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables handles Phone EM 4-8444 storagB chairs.permits lion of No. eitherTruck TSCor Storage Transport I still see throughThis time can in limited space.

entitled No. Truck free TS booklet send your Please me the passing pane,Beyond my Living"IE10. for Space "More inquiries to their the direct Units three: Church may waters, Poplars, bird withdrawn Department, 47 East Purchasing Chureh: NAME for Silence the waiting 1. dawn. Salt City Temple, Utah. South Lake

Address THE nHo*Vtoe. COMPANY City State

249CHURCH STREET. COLFAX.

SEPTEMBER 1956 687 "ONLY YESTERDAY"We have a clipping from the Ogden (Utah) Standard Examiner's "Only Yesterday"column which pinpoints what may be the first athletic activity of the YMMIA. It says "fifty years ago...

Earl Pardoe started a gymnasium in the LDS Fifth Ward Institute.

The classes are given Wednesday nights, one for juveniles and one for older people."

Dr. T. Earl Pardoe of Brigham Young University, who formerly

served for many years as a member of the YMMIA general board, says: "Bishop John Watson let us have the amusement hall on

Wednesdays for MIA activities. In order to have the privilege of

using the gym you had to attend classwork in MIA.

"Stringam Stevens... was my right hand man. We had the

largest attended Mutual in the Weber Stake, then all of Weber

ELDERS QUORUM RAISES FUNDS County."

of of had the elders the LanakilaJL/Iembers Ward quorum a fund-—Submitted by "Stu"Eccles. missionaries to assist three last project raising Memorial Day

in Japan and two serving workmissions at the Church College of Hawaii. Four pigs were placed in the imu (oven in the

a. m. taken out about 5:00 midnight aboutground) and

the North Bay, Ontario, Canada packaging in cutting assisted of and the elders The wives meat, which was then delivered all over the city in plenty of time Dear Friends:

for the holiday dinner. About $350 was raised.

IVTever have I found any magazine as completely worth while as

I article to of find every some Era. be Improvement The

future. the so in will that prove to be Baltimore 29, Maryland value, each more and I knowDear Editors: I find inspiring articles Authorities and General by the The

Tt is hard for me to put into words my thanks for The Improveways helpful. alIt inspiring magazine. truth Era. an ment things there are recently Since baptized a member, many I am articles, "Archaeology I Hunter's President so very enjoyed is muchin I realize I the learn, study, the how have and more more

of the Mormon."Bookand is. is certainly helping limited me. knowledge The EraI tomy Indian. his Toltec is a is grandmother Mexico; from husband My

I I for cooperation, appreciate again your thanks say your and in the interest his five Church years, and married been haveWe magazine. articles bapwonderful "his people."was about his reading He withbegan

tized on June 2, 1956. Sincerely,

Since his investigation, our home has become a different place. hi Betty Nicholls

His obedience to the Word of Wisdom has made our family united in all things.

Again my thanks for this wonderful magazine.

Sincerely your sister, Cannes, France hi Joyce Sanchey Dear Brethren,

I would like to thank you for the wonderful opportunity that I

Scottsburg, Ind. have each month to read the words of our inspired leaders in

Dear Sirs: The Improvement Era, especially for the last issue with the April

It spiritual feast talks. our to read Church is a what that Imconference the joy from to express we receive The would likeWe

intheir alive said. printed with page comes leaders have The it is even Era. from Utah away we are provement Now that

a bigger thrill to have this magazine in our home. spired words.

In "These Times"in the June 1956 issue it talked of marriages I am grateful that a magazine exists wherein we can find new that had taken place over the last few years. The average guidance each month. I appreciate it more and more since I have

median, etc., was especially interesting to us because we were been on my mission.

statistics. of part the were in 1953 andmarried

of our to the words read It is also nice leaders in the conference thisI willsubscription.always be thankful to my home ward for sending me

reports.

Sincerely, Your brother, /s/ Ralph and Joyce Wheeler hi Elder Robert W. Nelson

MIA MAID ROSE TYING CEREMONY

Thirteen girls (one hundred percent of the class) were given in the picture are: Sister Reynolds, Diana Cullins, Patricia Barton,

their Mia Joys and individual awards at the third consecutive Nancy Williams, Anita Watkins, Mary Odum, Sandra Smith,

Mia Maid rosetying in the North El Monte Ward, Covina (CaliLouise Young, Ann Curtis, Karma Facer, Marianna Tucker, Sandra fornia) Stake. Victoria Reynolds, teacher of the class, earned her Edwards, and Rilla Lee Payne. Lynda Cutler was absent when

Mia Joy and individual award along with her girls. Left to right the photograph was taken.

Fall fruit is ready for eating and for canning... and fruit and U and I Sugar

just naturally "go together."For canning,

and for topping those fresh fall fruits, always buy U and I Sugar. You can't buy a

finer, whiter or easierto-use canning sugar.

Get the big 1 0-, 25-, 50or 1 00lb.

bags for canning time *.!

Will you be ready for his freshman year?

Right now it's about all Mom can do to get HOW A BENEFICIAL LIFE "PLANNED FUTURES"

Junior (and his kibitzing brothers and sisters) PROGRAM CAN HELP:

If you start now, while your son (or scrubbed and combed for their first day of the daughter) is still in elementary or junior high new school term. But someday soon, we hope school, you can make sure he has the money

will training for the complete need to careerthat she and Dad will give some serious thought he. his choice of of the.. just one family manyto another first day of school—the day Junior financial needs covered by BeneficiaPs complete

becomes a college freshman. A long way off? insurance programming known as "Planned

Futures."Ask your friendly Beneficial Life

No, indeed, just ask the parents of this year's agent about it today, or write for the helpful freshmen free folder on "Planned Futures."

BENEFICIAL LIFE 'wMiUime omptmu

Salt Lake City, Utah 47 West South Temple yOy

David O. McKay, President