7/fclmprouement Era

MARCH 1949.

A new ffCP"* automatic GAS range puts..

Magic at your fingertips

m

ADJUST THE OVEN HEAT CONTROL

and it automatically maintains the exact temperature recipe for best results. specified by your

Reduces better baking. Assures m'- **

SET THE CLOCK CONTROL meat shrinkage. -<"**"""

and the oven automatically turns itself on and off at any time you preselect. "Remembers"for you.

Prevents foodloss due to overbaking or roasting.

Cooks whole ovenmeals while, DON'T WAIT ANOTHER DAY you re away. -.—*"* to have these and the many other

advantages of really modern cooking.

Enjoy fully8HK % automatic operation irith.,.

TURN ON ANY BURNER

—top, oven, broiler, grill—and instantly,

automatically, the clean, blue flame springs to full heat!

Steady cNWi& AMty:

This kitchen magic is easy! Just choose

a new automatic GAS range, built to "CP"standards, from the makes and models shown by your dealer or gas company. *Look for the"CP"seal—your assurance of

Certified Performance; 17 minimum standards.

CO M P A N YMOUNT AINServing TwentysevenFUELUtah and SUPPLYThree Wyoming Communities '. > -,'--

EXPLORING t/feoea

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

MTew weapons are being found in the fight against tooth decay. In addition to the use of fluorine, two other

methods are proving effective in reducing the formation of cavities. A toothpaste has been developed which tm

contains a blend of urea and dibasic ammonium phosphate which liberates the ammonium ion to neutralize acid and inhibit the bacteria. Another ap- 3/

proach is to apply a forty percent solution of zinc chloride to the exposed Prepare them the fast and simple surfaces of the teeth and then a solution of potassium ferrocyanide over way—such easyto-prepare dishes

the first solution. These form a film as soups, salads and canapes—

which prevents the bacteria getting at served with those tasty goldenbrown the enamel.

crackers that come in the popular

Rlowers, fruit, and vegetables can be bright red packagepreserved for greatly increased periods by using a vinyl resin latex to form a continuous, relatively imIn the bright permeable film to seal in the moisture red package at when the plants are cut or picked. your grocer's.

Tests have been successful with carrots, potatoes, onions, roses, gardenias, and orchids. Nursery stock and even

trees when transplanted barerooted have lasted thirty days without watering if given the latex treatment. The

B. F. Goodrich Chemical Company

has announced also that the chemical 2,4-D is more effective as a weed killer when mixed with the resin latex.

f owcost furniture can now be made using resin impregnated fiber as a result of research at the Armour Research Foundation. Wood pulp is

preformed to desired shape, impregnated with a resin and then compression molded or cured unpressed into chairs or other furniture. The process uses all the wood instead of

certain high quality pieces, and also eliminates the weakness and cost of joints. Furniture can be produced

cheaper and the comfort, range of design, and useful life is increased.

TJTay fever has been relieved in ninety percent of the cases treated with a new drug, prophenpyridamine, called Trimeton. Tests

have indicated that it relieves all allergic conditions.

HThe pine Pinus excelsa which grows on the slopes of the Himalayasnear the northern border of India has 1 cones which sometimes reach one foot in height. PHOENIX

MARCH 1949 129 arck ZMmprouementEra "THE VOICf OF THE CHURCH 1949 ill! h:'\- mm NUMBER 3

ij.'AiiiiifcsiL.

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page Some Points of "Peculiarity"George Albert Smith 137

Church Features

Mission to Polynesia—I Doyle L. Green 142

Baptism for the Dead in Ancient Times—IV Hugh Nibley 146

Proclamation of the Twelve Apostles on the Death of Joseph Smith

William H- Reeder, Jr, 149 Missionary Work in Newfoundland 150

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXXIII—What Is Orthodoxy?....

John A, Widtsoe 161 The Church Moves On 132 Missionaries Leaving for the Field.,170

171 in Picture Activities M.I.A. 166 Priesthood Melchizedek

loo Directors Drama M.LA. T r. rr, *g166, Column,-.,,NoLiquor-Tobacco Publica, with Church This Month

The Presiding Bishopric's Page 168 tions 191

Special Features

The Problem of International Warfare—The Church in Modern

- G. Homer Durham 138 Society—m

Dreams or Nightmares?—Let's Talk It Over.Mary Brentnall 145

Drinking, Smoking, and Ideas Jack Sears 155

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L* Evans 157 =JJeep2p IKooti

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Homing: You Can Find the Time,

S. Harris, Jr 129 Helen S. Neal 162 By Doris Dalby White

JoSephine B "00"1'White.... 130 Doris Dalby Roots, Deep 163 beautithat indescribably Tt was Sols of Books Times: The March These Bertha FlmTty Affair,"Safety—a ful hour was when the sun 131 Durham G. Homer 165 Tingey On the Bookrack 159 Your Page and Ours"!..""!'192 bidding the day goodbye—when

in a last, flagrant burst of light I

Editorials saw the tree. It was an old,

tree, it stood black gnarled and 160 to Guides Good Government the against pink and dazzling 160 Seven One in

Its sky. spring early of the blue

Stories, Poetry bare arms were stretched toward tell at I could by looking 141 God. Durkee Eleanor Hard The Way that its roots trunk the great R. Lyman 152 the Firing Line—Part VI Albert Fort on The

Frontispiece: Earth's Wakening, Poetry Page 136 grew deep, giving the tree

Gene Romolo 135 Vacancy, Inez H. Kenner 165 strength and stability. No vagrant wind could topple it. No

-K scathing storm could undermine

Offices: and Editorial Executive

City 1, Utah its serenity. It stood secure and Salt Lake Main Street, 50 North

Copyright 1949 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young (Continued on page 174)

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ -x of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a Editors: George Albert Smith

year, in advance; foreign subscription, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c John A. Widtsoe

single copy. Managing Editor: Richard L. Evans.

Editor: Doyle L. Green. Assistant Managing Utah, City, as secondclass Salt Lake Office, Post at the Entered

Josephson. Editor: C. Associate Marba for of provided rate postage at special for mailing Acceptance matter.

R. Curtis. Elbert Manager: General July 1918. authorized 2, 1917, October of 1103, in section Act

S. Reeder. Bertha Associate Manager:

manuscripts, unsolicited for is responsible not Era Improvement The Giles. D. John Business Manager:

contributions. welcomes but Editorial Associates: Elizabeth J. Moffitt

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Change of Address: Advertising Director: Verl F. Scott.

Advertising National Representatives: Edward include please ordering a change, of address. When for change required noticeFifteen days'Francisco DouganS. San Los Angeles; and unless the cannot changes be made Address the magazine. of issue slip York. from a recent Bolle, Chicago old Townsend,andaddress and New

address as well as the new one is included. Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE MARCH OF BOOKS

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM NText is a 1948 edition of Harvey

Head of Political Science Department, Walker's The Legislative Process

University of Utah Lawmaking in the United States (Ronald Press). in 482 pages are Here a Can Be legislatures; things thousand that about

1.8 the only average, percent on of Very /"\ver fifteen years ago, in London, their are that membership, women;

the exhibited Sunday what Times about only 50 percent {often less) of Important first claimed of the was to be a copy the items recommended by governors book printed in England, The Dictes ever receive attention; that organized At least, so our guests

and Sayeings of the Philosophers by "lobbies"introduce fewer bills than keep telling us. They

Earl Rivers (Westminster, ca. 1436 house members or public agencies areto uscontinuallywith flatteringcoming

A.D.). Half a millennium later there originate, but succeed in enacting a wordslar CoffeeaboutShop.our popu-"The

are millions of books. The world's far higher percentage than either; that best food we've been

knowledge, both what can be proved individual member's bills rarely, if ever, servedthey'll insay.a long"Andtime,"the

prices sensare so is someone's judgment and what of pass. George Then comes

to Lundberg's ible!"love We'd

value, is easily your available. On you have Save Us? (Longmans: my work and Can Science

desk at this moment lie 1947), a ringing chalfriendsnext timefor ouryou'reguestsin a few of them, reprelenge to replace guesstown.

sentative of a very small work and incantation portion subof modern with sober factual ject matter. in the conHotel What do knowledge

kind of they say? relations, duct of What human

picture ( or composite and showing contrary Temple Square emerges from a few to fear and ignorance) Clarence L. West, Mgr.

volumes, which by some that the arts, literature, causesequence, now find and the spiritual life of themselves within a few inches of man will thereby be greatly enhanced.

each other? (Their proximity implies Immediately thereunder is a leaflet

usage; the inquiry therefore has more copy of the annual Economic Report

intrigue than a shelf inventory. Too transmitted to the Congress by the

many books merely "sit"on shelves. President as required by the EmployThe books on this particular work ment Act of 1946, urging "policies to

table are a segment of a constant combat inflation and to promote proAWWrtWWMWMMftttV stream. The bookpopulation at this duction in certain industries."Then I

point changes nearly every week.) see a copy of Hans Kelsen, Society and

Nature (Chicago, 1943), an argument "CiRST within easy reach is a blue, based on Greek philosophical and ninecloth-covered 1923 imprint of the teenth century German writings, that 1921 edition of The Doctrine and society is part of nature, rather than

Covenants of the Church of Jesus vice versa, written in the hope of esChrist of Latterday Saints, Containing tablishing the point that (what most

Revelations Given to Joseph Smith, of us would call) "the reign of law"

The Prophet, With some Additions by exists rather than an arbitrary, whimsihis Successors in the Presidency of the cal universe. Incidentally, the point of

Church. How many know the full title such a volume has some significance

of this edition, as given above? This for Lundberg's argument.

particular copy has the initials "J.E.T."

in the flyleaf, for James E. Talmage, Tn close file the books stand, ready to PRICELESSthe man largely responsible for the be called up for use: Dewhurst,style and format of this particular ediAmerica's Needs and Resources; WHEN YOU NEED IT!tion—the first published in doubleWhite's third edition of Public AdThere is no substitute for insurance...

you and when will it? need this pages. have youcolumn Opposite valuable ministration; Civilization Toynbee's on

.. Don't take costly chances losses withit,autograph wife's name, as it was is my insure Trial; Maclver, sure! be and local Your of GovernKolob. The Web

...in December 1927, when Dr. Talmage ment; Huntington, Mainsprings of CivAgentconsult ishimanfrequentlyinsuranceasspecialistyour insurance

handed it to her. This book is easier ilization (a curious volume about the needs change.

to handle than a moroccobound influence of climate and geography as A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY "threein-one"when working at a desk. determinants in human culture); Nichwriting all types of Insurance... repreNow twentytwo years old, I hope it olson, A Manual of Copyright Pracsentingclaim settlement.strong stock companies. Prompt

lasts another forty. All editions prior tice; Laski, The American Democracy

to the 1921 edition contained the "Lec- (an even more curious 1948 volume FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr.

tures on Faith"prepared for the which puts a minus sign and accomSchool of the Elders, Kirtland, Ohio, panying negative analysis behind 183435. They were never made part nearly everything in American life

of the standard works, and have alLaski is a British socialist but produces most been forgotten by the generation a rather huge plus sign as the conwhich has grown up since World cluding sum!); Levi's 1948 report to 330 Judge BIdg. Salt Lake City

War I. (Concluded on page 183)

MARCH 1949 131.

Ike L/\iWte\i trfy* MOVES-OH North Central States Mission Y.M.M.I.A. General Board

HPhe First Presidency has announced ""Pwo new members of the general the appointment of John B. Hawkes board of the Young Men's Mutual

as president of the North Central Improvement Association have been

States Mission. He succeeds William approved by the First Presidency, as

L. Killpack in this position. announced by General Superintendent

President Hawkes, a native of'Elbert R. Curtis. The new members

Weber County, Utah, has served the are Joy F. Dunyon and Leon L. Imlay.

Regardless of the weather outside, Church in many capacities. He is a

your Greyhound bus is cozy informer member of the North Weber side. Frequent schedules, moneyStake high council, a former member

saving fares, freedom from traffic of the bishopric and bishop of the worries tension and parking make Wilson Ward of the North Weber bargain your biggest Greyhound in transportation. Stake.

More recently he and his family filled a mission in Northern California, GO GREYHOUND..

on a Spring Vacation where he was president of several districts, his release, at the time and of travel experienced Greyhound's in counselor the a mission plan was gladly help counselors will presiJOY F. DUNYON LEON L. IMLAY

your trip, making all arrangedency.

advance. in See your Greyments Elder resides in Dunyon, Sandy, who today! Agent hound Utah, has of semisupervisor been a

OVER LAND naries for the Church department of since education been last June. has He G R EYHLINESDUN engaged in for seminary thirteen work

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES years. Prior to his appointment as

and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. seminary supervisor, he was principal

of the seminary at Salt Lake City's

South High School. He has also been

assigned to the Cedar City and Coalville, Utah, seminaries, where he was principal at each, and at the Jordan seminary, where he served as instructJOHN B. HAWKES WILLIAM L. KILLPACK or. He has filled two missions to the

North Central States Mission, a fullterm, and a shortterm, and in the mission field he was active in Sunday

Los Angeles Temple School and in Mutual leadership. At

the time of this appointment he was /"Groundbreaking for the proposed superintendent of the Mount Jordan

Los Angeles Temple of the Church Stake Sunday Schools.

is expected to occur this spring. PresiElder Imlay, a resident of West

dent George Albert Smith and PresiPoint, near Clearfield, Utah, is a thirtydent David O. McKay were in fiveyear-veteran scouter, having besouthern California in January where gun this activity in Grantsville, Utah,

they discussed the temple building his birthplace. For several years he

with stake and mission leaders. It is was scoutmaster of the Scout troop of

now planned that the temple will be the Salt Lake City Ensign Ward, Enlarge enough to accommodate an ensign Stake. For the past six years he

dowment session of three hundred perhas been Scout commissioner for the

Prices Begin at $2,850.00 sons. The temple site is in the North Davis District. He has also been

Westwood area of Los Angeles. active in Aaronic Priesthood leaderConference Visitors: ship work, and as a teacher in the

See It! Harmony Township Property Sunday School.

Sunday School Centennial Chorus Hear It! HThe Church has recently obtained

m PLAY IT! an historically important piece of A five hundred voice centennial

AT land in Oakland Township, Susquechorus made up of Sunday School hanna County, Pennsylvania, formerly youths is being formed to sing at the a part of Harmony Township, It is general conferences of the Sunday Ji adjacent to another piece of land purSchool in April and October of this 259 South State Street chased some time ago. Both tracts year—the centennial year of the SunSalt Lake City were obtained by Wilford C. Wood, day School movement of the Saints in

Salt Lake City businessman. the Rocky Mountains.

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Tabernacle Organ

HPhe enlarging of the organ in the

Salt Lake Tabernacle, undertakensome time ago, has now been comForty Acres or 400 pleted. The instrument is now the

largest and the finest that it has ever been during its long history. It contains 188 ranks of pipes-—almost

eleven thousand pipes. It is not the

largest pipe organ in the world, but its tonal quality will continue to spread the fame of Temple Square far and wide. As was specified in the contract, the organ was rebuilt in such a

way that the weekly network radio broadcast from the Tabernacle continued without interruption.

Sacred Grove

"THREE surgeons practised their skill on some of the trees in the Sacred

Grove, near Palmyra, New York, last fall. The work consisted of extensive

cavity work in three of the four large maple trees in the Sacred Grove, the %.

feeding of all four, the installation of cables in two of them and the pruning of about fifteen beech trees which, with the maples, make up the Sacred Grove.

The trees, which have been estimated to be from 1 75 to 250 years old, are probably some of the trees that were in the Grove that spring day in 1820, whenj the fourteenyear-old Gets More Work Done Prophet Joseph Smith, prayed and received the revelation of the Father and O Any Case owner can tell you how the capacity and the Son. convenience of Case tractors save time, get work done

quickly, and cut down on labor cost per acre. With Case,

Fort Hall Indian Mission Arthur W. Hall has been selected you get the steady, eager power of a heavyduty engine

traction and four and set apart as president of the—power put to work with surefooted

newlycreated Fort Hall Indian Mispractical field speeds. Here is the way to good farming,

sion and will direct Church activities at low cost, with less time spent on every kind of farm on the Fort Hall Indian Reservation, job and every acre.

working under the direction of the stake presidencies of the Pocatello,

West Pocatello, and Blackfoot stakes in Idaho. Costs Less to Keep Going

Upkeep on Case tractors is low. From the light 2-plow

"VAC"to the big 4 to 5-plow "LA,"every one of the four sizes and 20 models is built with two ideas in mind:

ARTHUR First, to resist wear and tear for a long time. Second, to

W. provide easy ways to overcome wear—by handy adjustHALL

ments, or by economical renewal of parts. See for yourself why owners with a lot of tractor experience speak

so highly of their Case tractors.

President Hall is a former stake clerk and has been a member of the Pocatello Stake high council for twenty -. dealer service

years.

The work will be among members and tne bb Apez or write Iul r.. nnnr farffl,

of the Shoshone and Bannock tribes.

Each stake, under President Hall's direction, will have its own district president and missionaries.

This is the second mission now functioning among the American Indians.

The other is the Southwest Indian Mission ( formerly NavajoZuni ) [Concluded on page 170) MARCH 1949 133 two ways to make your harvest hum

..smoother..Steadied

a T.ere's new cropsaving combination to hustle along your

.. Drive offpTO, profitably! Directu power harvest.

One... the compact, bigcapacity Model 15 Grain Master. Its

* scooptype header takes a full 6-foot swath. From sickle to cleandriven m *-,, iw**f -PP

is packed with improvements winnowed from *e?9'its***"1!** x. Et>V\edcon* 1 ing sieve, the Model 15

fine in building threshing machinery.

offers a convenient Direct Drive **h S Prtear trocaransfromNumber100 yearstwo of,.experience. Oliver now

sio six Oliver the speeds forward of the new 6-cyUnder Row Crop Power TakeOff as standard tractor equipment. Coupled with ot Ton s; **77", this brings Oliver advancement you greater modern com- * n Swnd< Vtn*

bining efficiency and smoothness than you've ever before attained.

Stop at the sign of the Oliver shield soon and check the many farm utility features found in the new Oliver tractor fleet. *.

and in Oliver harvesting equipment.

The OLIVER Corporation OLIVER400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois "FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY"

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT COMPANY

OGDEN, UTAH BRANCHES: OGDEN and TREM0NT0N, UTAH; PRESTON, BLACKF00T, IDAHO FALLS, SHELLEY, TWIN FALLS, BUHL, RUPERT,

and REXBURG, IDAHO 134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cartk 6 l/wakemvi9 By GENE ROMOLO

/he tempo of the earth's great heart increases,

All nature, with its strength, encompassing.

To dormant bough, the fecund root releases

Creative stimulus, each branch, to bring

First bud, then leaf and, if a bearing tree,

Parental flowering of fruitage. Where

Streams have muted lain, now rhythmically

Articulate, they flow, and here and there,

On lattice sills, brown bulbs give beauty birth.

From germs of life, embedded in a loam,

Where, like God's breath, the breeze has tempered earth,

Frilled, goldenskirted daffodils have blown;

And spring, fullthroated, sings. Awaked from rest

The earth has fed her budding from its breast.

—Photograph by Wayne B. Hales

MARCH 1949,.-<zhim

THE LONESOME ROAD CENTENNIAL PRAYER PROMISE

By Ovvid E. Howell By C. Frank Steele By Deon Nethercott Olson

last; staggering forever cannot 7V shock T Te

chilling blast. walks a lonesome road, who walks *—'T ORD,hour:make us to know the meaning of this ** the winter's Neither can * * alone

flags feasting pageantry; Dancing, and violets are to witnesses me, The faith unlighted in a road by God. A yes; still leafless tree. flows within sap the And while the will, of he boasts freedom And

brings night the tumult But ends and when is uphill. all ever road The rough—andof silence, birds sing their swelling, can heartWhen feet stumble, must grope, Unguided and

their their grief, loneliness? Can we forget felt song plod.

dripping, all trees, raindrenched From fruitful these places; are and green Sweet alone, lonesome walks road walks aHe can't who wrong! be In the city beauty and fame stands; now self sure of to for strength pray Too and I true to If I be me, cannot pawn is there plenty: farms, homes, Here and light, lips the promise from Sweet of dawn. dewy workshops to for ask proud guidance from above, Too

see, the imprint of their bleeding hands! If in myself there weaves the slightest Substituting reason cold—for love. But

thread faltering trek, His daytime backtracked the lights threading the floors of the at Beyond night. Of faith, then how can precious hope lie valleys

dead? Is traced blackness of fire in the of a finger faithless, blinded, Oh, m greedy, lonesome

world, the plain, Following, dark, tortuous paths Gomorrah And low in the wind, stirring the grass and WILD SANCTUARY the willows, trod: Jean Anderson By the sob of a child, the cry of a mother The paths of lust and sin and war and Comes

in pain. greed; greening T await the Spring

Fretting color, over or at the wonder marsh's * With rank—over caste edge that is to this shrine with speed a pace We creed: drift of For whirring downward wing magic

disaster's faith walkWe settles in road—without the That sedge. bending skies, whitewinged over in Through shimmerGod. ing road and rail;

But can you not hear the creak of their The marshland guards each soft, gray covered wagons, breast:

FRAGILE TREASURE The hooves of their cattle plodding the The least of these can still be free wilderness trail? And joyous in her reedy nest,

By Vivian Orden Reeves Kept safe in this wild sanctuary.

at Lord, the And, of the tomb as we bow desert prophet twilight falls and we are gone,When soil, these streams took (his and made Who my dear, The busy world will note no vacant place. them good, TOKYO SPRING

call the hear ofThe memory of our love and smiles and We the gulls, the moving By Ida Powell Nelsen at of the temple, stone tears Will fade as quickly as the sunset gleam. The rustle of corn, the sigh of a cottonwood. r i THE mud lies deep in occupation camps,

will behind remainThose only * will know who spring here's son; come, Yet my earth, this rich This earth they conquered, left things. useless of jumble odd, a I know: howWe

its their glory; to sleep; folds in Sings they dresser the drawer, chest, rose- I the it fists:The in baby's a blackeyed saw the these peace, souls have of They won desk wood yellow flower of a skiff snow. from A silent places, yield pale Will fragments fargone of a

plains, these of the the These of men men feet tiny bitter cold; red His with were day.

Someone will wonder why we cherished canyons deep. His little face pinched from starvation fare;

his in bright the hands Yet glowed bloom these shall shall remember, And we God, we O like gold, all of Instead of throwing them away. fathers; our remember

tender, loving care. to with such him Held shall their tears, love erase zeal Our our will alien the hands breakRude, gossamer

their sorrow, I small, you, promise own, homesick my dreams rise their shall in strength the of Zion boy, bits fragile in leave the shreds. And tatteredAnd wisdom will find too, build flower, a a swing We, built cherished memories long andThe we To prepare the way of the Lord, the way the to even road Tokyo, on And unloved, untended andWill so and go

of the glad tomorrow! feel sight smell You'll the and'and know shall too, into the fade passThey, and

- * - -j spring. of <4 dark.

Perhaps, some distant day, in some far THE CREATION place, will seek and dreamsOur memories us out, By Kamata Mukerji MIZ'MARCH glorified, beauty, in their newfoundAnd

Will be the paradise we almost touched Tf I could gather all the blues from the sky By Courtney Cottam

The perfect answer to our every prayer. * And blend them with the water of the

seven seas, to make indelible ink; rustling, bustling housewife, Miz'If I could make giant trees my pen, A March,

Is cleaning earth the a will; with ageless earth paper, good my MARCH The of buckets she water washes the With flowers all the of the land And

By Marijane Morris my choicest words world

Still I would fail to write and describe, And dusts off each valley and hill.

it in she blue, papers a heavenly new spring upon the mud floor The grandeur of His creation. Then

the rugs polished brown, green Lays on clothes washedHEAndtrackedtossed my clean into the sky. floor;

I scolded, then reswept, rehung, Her curtains are daffodil yellow and pink.

And never heard his final, soft goodbye. She leaves open her winterclosed door.

When she is finished, she rests for a

I am ashamed now that he's gone; while...

We could have had good fun each blessed Now her house is so lovely to see day, That she calls to Miss April, who lives

But he was such an impish child, next door,

And I could not remember how to play. "Please, wont you come visit with me?"

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 44PECULIARITY ft

Dm lredident (ueorae Gilbert Swiith

are called a peculiar the help of our Heavenly Father we may make people because,w.eperchance, we thoroughly beit what he intends it should be—the glory of

lieve the gospel of Jesus Christ. Our peculiarthe earth, and the means (for that is what it

ity lies very largely in the fact that we beis ) for the salvation of his children who have lieve that the Old and New Testaments actunot yet heard it.

ally contain the word of the Lord, as far as Our Heavenly Father has made it possible they have been translated correctly. We also for all normal people in this world to know

firmly believe the Book of Mormon, which the truth if they will. He has made it posthe world knows comparatively little of; and sible for every man and every woman to readd to that an unwavering belief in the ceive the gospel if they will. We have our

Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great free agency. And herein is the condemnation

Price. We regard the teachings contained of man as well as man's glorious opportunity,

therein as revelations of our Father in heaven because that which is the truth has been to his children who dwell upon this earth. plainly manifested from the beginning.

It is not only because we have faith in these When we strive for the things of this books that we are considered a peculiar peo>- earth that perish, by and by we leave those ple but also because we confidently believe things behind. But if there has been burned

that our Father in heaven has spoken in this into our souls a desire to serve God and keep day and age. In fact, we know that there is his commandments by living our religion and

communication with the heavens. We believe teaching it to his children, then we are laythat Jehovah has the same feeling towards ing up for ourselves eternal riches of which

us, the same influence over us that he had no one can rob us.

his children over for and who lived in this These are the facts. This is our mission;

in that times are past. world

By the unbeliever, the members of the this is our opportunity; and the Lord has

Church of Jesus Christ in all ages of the promised us in return for availing ourselves world have been considered a peculiar people. of this opportunity that we shall have eternal

When the Lord has spoken through his servlife in the celestial kingdom with those we ants, there have been at different periods of love, and honor and glory throughout the time many people in the earth who have said, ages of eternity.

"I do not believe in revelation."This age is If our peculiarity went to the extent that

no exception to the rule. The thousands, yes, we lived by every word that proceeds from

the millions, of our Father's children who the mouth of our Heavenly Father, then we live in the earth are but repeating the history would indeed be a blessed people. We do,

of the past when they deny that God has to a large degree, live by the testimony that revealed again his will to the children of has been given to us by our Redeemer, and men, and say that they have no need of any thus far we are a blessed people; but we

further revelation. would be yet more greatly blessed and prosBut we believe in divine revelation; we pered if we could bring ourselves to do our

believe that our Father speaks to man today full duty.

as he has done from the time of Adam. We I pray that the spirit which will enable us

believe and we know—which is more than to serve faithfully may be with us, that the mere belief—that our Father has set his desire to do good may overcome the temptahand in this world for the salvation of the tions that are placed in our way, and that,

children of men. wherever we go, others observing our good

This is the Lord's work. It is not a miliworks may be constrained to glorify our Fatant work, but it is a work of love, and with ther who is in heaven.

MARCH 1949

refuse to acceptONSmithSeptemberwas 21,almost1823, eighteenJoseph withwho a saving message for mankind. Those of history demonstrates that organthis saving message ized killing is not beyond human

risk of destruction. run the

years of age. Now, about forty 4. That God's spirit was to be poured control, for within the national

months after his first vision, he out on all flesh, with resultant wonders and states exist large peace areas. Ocpetitioned God having "... full conterror (as truth is misused); but that decasionally there are riots and civil

in terrible liverance days in wouldfidence obtaining a divine manisocial be availwars. controls But in general,

1 able to mankind. 2:2832.) Joel (Seefestation, I previously as had one."effective social exist because and

The result was a visitation from the The important instructions which political controls operate in the relaAngel Moroni as recorded in the ushered in the gospel's restoration tion of city to city or intercity groups

Prophet's own story. This event is, have much to do with the mission of to each other. There is, to be sure,

next to the 1820 experience, the the Church in society. Great prosviolence and occasional "gang"

foundation stone of Latterday Saint pects were predicted, for consequent warfare. But such conflicts are inbelief. What was the angel's mesgood and evil. Throughout is clearfinitesimal compared with the scope

sage? ly indicated the reign of law and the of international warfare. What are

provision of saving principles for these social controls, and what are 1. That the Lord was again to come; mankind. Above all, shines the conthe practices affecting them?

that of before burning a came day he cept of a shall day peace when the priesthoodshould that would come; be ".. reign:. for shall the earth be "piRST, if we need refer to a scripthat "therevealed earth"in order whole

would not "be utterly wasted at his comfull of the knowledge of the Lord, as tural precedent, let it be observed ing."(See Malachi 3, 4.) the waters cover the sea."(Isaiah that for two hundred years after

2. That the earth "shall be full of the 11:9.) the appearance of Christ in the

knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea,"and to help that prospect an "ensign for the nations"shall be assembled which the Gentiles will seek, and "the dispersed should be of Judah"

Isaiah 11.) (Seeother things. gathered—and Jke lrobtem of

3. Acts 3:2223 was quoted "precisely

as they stand in our New Testament,"regarding the establishment of a prophet, Warfare between good and evil, often subtle, is everpresent and will iPearl of Great Price, Joseph Smith 2:29 always concern mortal man. In the INTERNATIONAL

—Photographs by Hobait from Monkmeyer Press twentieth century, warfare often between good and evil, but often conPart III—The Church and

-W fusing them in a hopeless sort of way, expresses itself most violently in the mechanized armed conflicts of Americas (as recorded in the Book men and women, marshalled and of Mormon, IV Nephi), warfare maneuvered by those who exercise disappeared. (It is curious to note

that an approximate peace for a control in the national states—the

dominant motor forces of modern lesser period of time prevailed in the society. Subtle evil is devastating. Roman and Chinese empires—EuBut international warfare is probarope and Asia.

bly the most ghastly, brutal, and What is required in order to have consequential of all evils. Is internasocial order instead of violent distional group conflict necessary? Can order? There must be agreement.

intelligent mankind apply saving The primary function of governprinciples, at strategic points, in ment is to obtain agreement. More

such a way as to eliminate or modify often this has been accomplished by this particular practice? The record authority and force. Recently, the

m I M

/'Jt * H pattern of the preexistent Great That the divorce court is so freCouncil has been used: agreement quently used, however, indicates

by common consent after inquiry, failure to understand properly and consultation, deliberation, and deapply the techniques for family concision. Political science refers to the sensus.

process and result of obtaining What about the world? What

agreement as "consensus."Coninstruments for obtaining agreesensus is required in any combinament exist or have been painstakingtion of individuals forming a group, ly developed? The answer is "very

if the group is to continue a corpofew"compared with the domestic community. At scarce intervals in

isolated places, such as Hellas, before Christ, there have been efforts at the invention and usage of such

WARFARE

Modern Society Cj. J4omer jbLm, PLlb. f

HEAD OF POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

rate existence: in the home and devices. But the stark truth of modOrganized religion as a factor

family; in the community; in the dern times, speaking for the planet may be said to have declined in

nation; in the world. as a whole, is that there has been importance as an instrument for inConsensus may be obtained in the organized, conscious, international, ternational consensus since the

family by authority and force political effort in this direction only Reformation. The first three elements

with resultant unhappiness. Somesince the year 1899! 3 Most of the in the list are therefore the oldest

times it is purchased outrageously. individuals now at the various conactive factors. They represent the

More often, it has been obtained by trols of modern society are the prodreality of what is known as "powerthe sanction of custom and social uct of generations that always aspolitics."Authority and force of a

pressure, and recently in western sumed organized warfare to be the great power may produce "agreecountries, by the freewilling agreenorm! ment"from a smaller power, with or

ment of the parties. There are many What instrumentalities for obwithout show of force. Examples

specialized techniques for maintaintaining agreement exist between naare numerous and wellknown in the ing consensus in the family. They tions? They may be summarized annals of history. The treaty device

are physical, economic, emotional, briefly as follows: has been fruitful in attempting to

social, religious, intellectual, spiritguide and influence power and in ual in nature. Division of labor and 1. The war, navy, and air force departdeveloping hopeful international

supplemented by practice, custom, and cooperative of industrializaresponsibility; active consideration; birthrate,ments of resources,each nation-—extent

effective use in the family of the tion, rate of mobilization, and geographic organization.

pattern of government indicated in position The "constitutional"basis of the the Great Council—family meet- 2. The foreign office and overseas dipmodern state system is to be found,

ings, leadership, proposals, deliberalomatic and consular services of each naat bottom, in the treaties known as tion, discussion, decision by comtional state the Peace of Westphalia. Political

international practice, 3. Treaties, and all help maintain mon consent; recoginternational science law and custom consensus. breaks consensus When as of nize Westphalia the Peace

4. chiefly International organizations,

political society provides down, basis, in the accepted constituting political and technical, general but increasingly legal remedies—the divorce court. A significance legal principle and practice, for incommon religious faith, for example, 2The Old Testament and other ancient documents ternational relations. This is due to

is basis efforts for sucimportant in of tribal antiquity, but a most speak they and other in1648 settlement in international scope, organization, or conthe fact that the not life. were family marriage cessful and (Continued on page 140) ception.

MARCH 1949 139 THE PROBLEM OF INTERNATIONAL WARFARE

[Continued from page 139) doctrine that each is sovereign, the practices, did not receive practical volved relationships and a consensus final judge of its own actions? consideration from anyone except

acceptable to the emerging powerFirst there are treaties, iiy the reformers, philosophers, and poets units. The two basic principles are technique of the treaty, national until about 1899.

( 1 ) the recognition of the soverstates, bent on their own purposes In 1863, Abraham Lincoln issued eignty and (2) the equality as sovwith their own powercombinations, "Instructions for the Government of ereigns of each national state. Our attempt the formulation of agreeArmies of the United States in the

inheritance from 1648 is therefore ments. When such agreements come Field"prepared by Dr. Francis

the doctrine of the "sovereign equalto firm bedrock basis by incorporatLieber, an immigrant from Gerity"of the sixtyodd nationstates ing longestablished custom, or sucmany, then a professor at Columbia, which today dominate world affairs cessfully anticipating new usage and and probably the first American (some more than others, because of practice, there is success. But even political scientist. In 1864, initiated

their power: the legal fiction of so, what does a treaty mean? In by Switzerland, many powers

"equality"is modified in every final analysis it means what the adopted the Geneva Convention for situation by power). The meaning parties want it to mean. If the parthe Amelioration of the Condition

of the claim to national sovereignty ties disagree, the treaty, apart from of the Wounded in War.

in 1648 involved the right of the the custom it recognizes, becomes Arbitration as a device was emerging western European counvalueless. By the treatyand-custom known to the Greeks and was

tries to independent action, free process have emerged the followutilized among Italian city states from interference from Rome. ing: until the Middle Ages. The idea

Western Christendom, in principle, was revived in the modern state was conceived as a kind of spiritual, of 1.power"The ideascheme,and practiceexpressedof "theusuallybalancein system by the Jay Treaty between

legal, and political entity before the treaties of alliance the United States and Great Britain

Peace of Westphalia. But after 2. The idea and practice of international ( 1 794 ) which agreed to refer cer-

3. of interadjudication Arbitration and all questions, of (not disagreement the result of of two centuries—as1 648 that unit was formally severed conferences tain questions to arbitration in case disputes national received practice mind religious you). The National wars. independ-

4. of cooperation International by means

ence from Rome and other external specialized international organizations (a) international attention in 1872, influence was now assured. of limited technical scope, (b) of general when the same two powers settled

Nationalism swept the world. Annature for the purpose of controlling and, a dispute growing out of British

cient empire states of the Far East, if possible, eliminating war naval activity in the American Civil colonial empires—British, French, War.

Dutch, Portuguese, the Americas, Both Hague conferences attempted to reduce the costly busiAsia, Africa, and Oceania—received the impulses. New national ness of armaments. But efforts at

states beyond the confines of westdisarmament failed both in 1 899 and ern Europe appeared and won rec1907 (also under the League and, ognition. The U.S.A. entered the to date, the United Nations).

scheme, formally, in 1783. The The effort to experiment with a

former Spanish possessions emerged real court, the method of adjudicaat the tion, also collapsed Haguein 1810 and LatinAmerica between balance The was of power scheme that conferences. It should noted be as national states. 1825 The Monor less formalized more in a peace

roe Doctrine was suggested by settlement at Utrecht in the year both arbitration and adjudication

Great Britain, announced by the 1713. The British suggested the are flimsy arrangements.

United States in 1823 (and realistiidea of alliances to discourage agOut of the combined experience technical ortreaties, conferences, fleet Britishcally the enforced by gressive action ambitiousen- by ideals ganizations, system Hague for afor British generapurposes ( ergetic powers. France She had

in 1919. of Nations the League in came in thetion) to order make West- ) international mind. confer'The

all preceding brought League The in the principles operativephalian ence, of the out growing European regular together techniques under of history China world. Thenew the of sixteenth "world wars"and

It arrangements. schedules was and is colthe of history thesince 1842 centuries, seventeenth formalwas insufficient but great achievement a empirestate of the proudestlapse ized regular as peacetime, a postwar

its consensus to even achieve among to the impact under man,known settleafter of practice the Napoleonic the national states of the west. Since ments 181415. Out of these ninecreators.

mightily struggled has1911, China paralconferences, teenth century atNations United now HPhe national of the dressto put the new scientific, leled the industrial age, by in the task, the framed tempts cultural ancient her system on the international technical came experience. It should orlight of League throughout so on International the ganizationsstatebody—and as the such international that orrecognized be

world. Postal Union, the International Buganization or world government per

reau of Weights and Measures, and se is not a remedy for warfare.

T-Tow can consensus be achieved a hundred more. But the idea of Such devices, wrongly used, may

between modern national states, controlling warfare, like controlling even promote rather than prevent when at the root of each is the weights, measures, or commercial (Continued on page 187) 140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Hard Way Thelookedwomanlike andvegetablethe tenyear-oldpeddlers. <=JjiA,rkumee BfLeanor

But the woman asked, "You the Miss Anderson that teaches folks to play the pianny?"woman wants her son to study muwords she looked stricken. "Jim,

"That's right,"I replied. sic. She must believe he has talent. he loves music,"she said.

"Would you teach my boy, Jim, Sitting opposite them, I realized I decided to let things slide. Jimhere?"they were wearing their best did the sliding—and he broke his

It was the supper hour of a difficlothes. The boy had not spoken, leg.

I turned to him. "So you want Shutins usually like company, socult Saturday. My schedule was and

crowded, and I had turned down to take piano lessons, Jim?"I visited Jim one day. I knew the

two new pupils that week. He glanced at his mother, and house the moment I saw it, because

The woman sensed that I indid not look at me. "Yes, ma'am."somehow it looked like her, tan

I thought, and turned and plain and very clean, and proudtended to refuse, and insisted, "We Shy child, can pay, ma'am."again to the woman. despite cracked paint and a chicken

There was something about her "Could Jim come at this hour yard too near the front door.

every Saturday?"I started up to the path to their—determination, hope, pride. Perhaps that was why I said, "Won't "Oh, yes! He sure can! Thanks. house—and stopped. Someone was

you come in? We can talk about Thanks a lot."playing the most difficult composiit."Or maybe I was curious. My "You're very welcome."tion in Jim's book, and playing it

pupils come from prosperous famThe boy said nothing. "Will well.

ilies. Some have ability, but many you tell me your name, please?"I When I knocked, Mrs. Curtis anare merely sent to master halfasked. swered, and color rushed to her

heartedly the genteel parlor trick of "Curtis. My boy's Jim Curtis."face.

"playing the piano."There must "Five o'clock next Saturday then, "Good morning, Mrs. Curtis.

be good reason, I thought, why this Jim?"How is Jim?"

"Yes, ma'am.""Mornin', ma'am. He's comin'

"So you want to take piano lessons, Jim?"I might as well become accusalong,"she said, and grew redder.

tomed to supperless Saturdays, I "Was that you playing the piano, thought. Mrs. Curtis?"

She looked me in the eye. "Yes,

At five on Saturday, Mrs. Curtis ma'am."

arrived with Jim, looking emAnd I knew why she was deterbarrassed. mined that Jim study music.

"May I sit, too, ma'am? Maybe "Mrs. Curtis, why don't you

I can help if he fergets somethin'."take lessons yourself?"I asked.

"Why, surely. I'm pleased when "Jim doesn't really enjoy them, does

parents are interested."he? You want to learn."

While I showed Jim the first she stammered. "Jim—he—Jim,"steps, Mrs. Curtis watched intently. Then she drew herself up. "You're

Jim was cooperative, but I doubted right, Miss Anderson. I've always

if he dreamed of playing sonatas. had a hankerin'to play, but I figDuring the second lesson Jim gered I was too old. So I thought

methodically showed me the old lesif Jim, maybe, took lessons, I could son and did his best with the new see how it's done."

exercises. Mrs. Curtis came and "And you're doing fine, Mrs.

sat, leaning forward to see as well Curtis. You could, by all means,"

as to hear. I said.

That went on for several weeks. As I left, after chatting with Jim,

Mrs. Curtis always came. At first, she told me she would give it a try.

I told myself that shyness made Jim appear bored, but while his playing Che was a pleasure to teach, unshowed practice, it was mechanical derstanding quickly, and pracin the extreme. At length, I knew tising faithfully. I actually looked

that Jim was bored—he had no muforward to her lessons.

sical aptitude whatsoever. I have two spring recitals, one for

It seemed a shame that the Curpupils under twelve, one for those tises were spending so much for twelve and over. I was positive that

Jim's lessons. I started to tell her Mrs. Curtis would not want to perthat I thought Jim might do better form, but I asked her.

at something else. With my first (Concluded on page 186)

MARCH 1949 141 The vessel pictured here, the "James Arnold"of New Bedford, is the type of whaleship in use when Nantucket was at the peak of its whaling prosperity. It also was similar to the "Rambler,"

the ship in which Addison Pratt, as a boy of 20, made his first trip to the South Seas.

—Picture, courtesy Nantucket Historical Association

>tf JDotffe JL. C/rtvan

I ASS'T MANAGING EDtTOf jet aloft there, you green ras- "G cals,or I'llandhazehelp you!"reef thosethe sailsfirst

mate ordered with a hoarse, bellowing voice. To back up his threat he

seized a belaying pin and started to chase the ship hands across the deck.

Young Addison Pratt ran with the others, and as there was no place of safety for him but aloft among the flapping sails and roaring winds, he scrambled awkwardly up the rigging to the topsail. The

vessel was rolling and pitching in such a fearful way as to frighten a poor country boy half out of his wits. But along with the other The Story of Addison Pratt

youthful members of the shipkeep- er's gang he had concluded that the And The possibility of being overthrown Society Islands Mission aloft preferable from toboard was the prospect of being beaten to death with a club on deck. A THRILLING and faithpromoting story is this account

Similar events were repeated of the life of Addison Pratt, who after spending many many times during those first few years at sea as a young man, was sent with other faithful days at sea, and were accepted by missionaries to open the first foreignlanguage speaking

Addison as being part of a green mission of the Church on some tiny islands in the middlehand's training. So it was not the regular happenings of the life aboard of the Pacific Ocean,

ship that were causing him to build up a resentment against the ship's masthe end of a heavy hawser rope among us, when we were hungry. The

ter. Rather it was the captain himwhich was as hard as a hickory skipper, because he was off soundings, supself. Typical of many masters of club. posedshall neverhimselfbe outcalledof reachto accountof law,forandit. heI

the whale schooner days he was a Then came the lashings. Each thank my God that he has set a day when

law unto himself while away from blow of the vicious whip cut into he shall judge all such scape gallows. I

port and treated the crew with all Joe's skin, until the blood ran down feel to rejoice that I shall be there as a witmanner of indignities. his legs into his shoes. ness against him.

To Addison the climax came Addison stood with the rest of

It that then decided Addison was captain the hadwhen Joe Davis the the to crew, forced witness first if ship, be, at the to need jump rigging, tied to the "... stripped, and indignation punishment. an

free himopportunity, possible and with times a eighteenlashed in writes, breast,"cat-o- arose he my this cruel inhuman and self from theninetails. evening till Negro One fought "that I could have my

steward had left open a case conlast blood was spent to rescue him. master.

taining salt fish. Joe took out one But I was a boy and there was no

small cod, stripped it in pieces, and one to lead me on."The captain A ddison had long wanted to go to

divided it among several members had purposely shipped an inexperisea. Even though he was born

of the crew who were hungry from enced, mixed crew of blacks and and spent his early life more than scant rations. Hiding the skin in his whites in order to keep the men eighty miles from the ocean and

birth, he intended to throw it Overdivided and prevent them from never as much as saw the sea or a board at an opportune time. But joining against him. ship until he was eighteen, from a

before he did so, the steward disAfter this event Addison could very early age he had an irreprescovered the skin and warned Joe never look upon the skipper as anysible longing for the life of a seato dispose of it. When Joe failed thing but a fiend. He reports: man. He thought this longing may

to comply, the steward reported have been stimulated by a "natural the affair to the ship's master. In Davis told me the blow he received over aversion to snow and cold weather."Then, too, as a child he hada rage, the captain sent for Joe, and hishe receivedhead hurtuponhim morehis backthan thatthe scourgingleft scars

felled him senseless to the deck by that he will carry to his grave. And this been extremely fond of stories of

a stunning blow over the head with was all for taking a small fish and dividing voyages and travel.

142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Addison was born February 21, only whetted his desire, and from Some unexplainable power was 1802, the son of Henry and Rebekthe time he was fifteen, he begged driving Addison Pratt to the sea.

ah Jewell Pratt. There were twelve his parents to let him go. But they Addison wanted to sail on a veschildren in the family, six boys and were very much opposed to his besel at once, and even secured berth

six girls. Addison was the fourth coming a seaman, and although he

child. 1 was tempted many times to run on the Vancouver, bound to the

His home town, Winchester, was away from home, he knew he East Indies and the port of Canton located in the hills of New Hampshould not go without their perin China. He writes:

shire on the Ashuelot, a tributary of mission.

the Connecticut River. Here he had It was in 1820 that Addison first countryboyI thought suitthatforif aI hat,couldblueswapjacket,off andmy

everything that most boys could saw the sea and ships. His parduck trousers I should be in the handsomest

ask for. He was reared in a fine ents permitted him to make a trip rig that I ever saw.

family which gave him every opportunity for schooling. His father,

an organ builder by trade, was also AUTHOR'S NOTE a mechanic, justice of the peace, the material possessions which Pratt left Addison for posterity Among were coroner, and farmer. As the nearby ** a biographical sketch of his early life and a dayto-day diary over recorded

hills were covered with chestnut a period of many years. These unpublished journals, which are being presented

trees that supported many squirrels, to the Church by Nettie Hunt Rencher of Snowflake, Arizona, a granddaughter and as the mountain streams of that great early missionary, are the main reference sources for "Mission to abounded in trout, Addison availed Polynesia."(See Your Page and Ours, page 192.)

himself of every opportunity to hunt and fish with his dog by his side. "A dog and a gun is the with a neighbor to Boston, where But on the advice of his brother

regalia, of the Pratts,"his grandan elder brother was living. His he decided to return home to try

mother used to say. Addison father wanted to see what effect again to obtain his father's permisthought that a fishhook could apthe sight of shipping would have on sion. On the way a strong desire

propriately be added to the list. this boy who talked endlessly came over him to go to Providence,

Still, with all this, his unexplainabout the life of a sailor, hoping Rhode Island, and sail from there, able desire for the sea and faraway, that the mere sight of ships would but having made up his mind not to romantic ports grew. Talking with pacify the lad, if not completely leave without his father's consent,

a neighbor who had been to sea quench his desires. he resisted, continued on his way,

But what he saw had just the opand arrived home after several days Addison Pratt was the only member of his family to join the Church. was not He related to Parley P. posite effect on Addison. He reof hard walking. His father finally

leaders. early Pratt,and Church Orson

cords: promised that if he would stay

home and work on the farm during left in June and home when we We off Honolulu, Hawaii, shores are the These arthe summer, free to he would be which he greeted young Addison when at, first rived crossing, and were Cambridge in Polynesia. land onto stepped fall. in the go wished he where bridge, full came we

Visitors courtesy -—Picture, Bureau Hawaii the this strength of promise in On view of some

very tall vessels that Addison left home in November. In

were laying at anBoston he found "dull times"for chor Charlesabout sailors, with a surplus of men and yard. Their ton navy

tall masts with their with seaman's wages only ten dolyards of rigging was lars a month. But after a few days

a sight I had never of job hunting he learned that green seen before, and it hands were wanted to go on a filled me with more whaling voyage to the Pacific rapture than the sight of of Ocean. Here was the opportunity one half

all that I had seen he had been dreaming of for years, before in my life so he lost no time in finding the ofcould do. fice and signing up. With the

"There,"said Mr. twelve dollars he received in adHolmes, as he pointed vance pay, he bought longwanted

toward them, "is some ships for you. sea clothes.

What do you think Addison had signed to ship on of that?"the Rambler of Nantucket, with

"Ah,"said I, "that William Worth as master. The

is the grandest sight first leg of the voyage, a trip down

I ever saw, and the coast on a packet from Boston nothing will serve to Nantucket, the great whaling me but the life of a center of the United States, was a sailor."pleasant one. And although the

"You would like boat experienced hard winds and to go?"he asked. rough seas, Addison proved his

"I am going,"I natural ability as a sailor by not replied. (Continued on page 144)

MISSION TO POLYNESIA (Continued from page 143) was "knocked down on its beam Such was the course of events getting seasick. Nor did he ever ends"by a sudden, heavy gust of aboard the Rambler during the

experience that sensation during the wind. All hands were called to many long weeks which followed.

many months he spent on the ocean. reduce sail. The decks were nearly Then, at last, the first part of June,

After being outfitted for the jourperpendicular and very slippery the whaler reached the Sandwich ney in a Nantucket "slopshop"with from the rain and heavy seas. AdIslands and dropped anchor just

clothes of inferior quality for which dison was inching his way forward outside the harbor of Honolulu.

he was charged one hundred dolwith the others when his feet Imagine the joy young Addison lars with twelve percent interest, slipped. As his hands were icy with Pratt experienced when he was perAddison boarded the packet again the cold, he lost his grip on the mitted to go ashore. This was the

with the other new hands and rail, and to keep from being thrown first foreign land he had ever visited, sailed across the bay in a rainstorm overboard he grasped desperately and everything he saw and experito Edgartown, Martha's Vineyard, with both hands for something to enced brought him new delight. The

where the Rambler lay at anchor. cling to. His right hand found only balmy climate, palm trees, tropical

After the packet pulled alongside air, but his left hand closed around plants, exotic flowers, fruits, colored the whaler and was made fast, the something solid; he clung on tenafish, and strange people thrilled him,

crew started climbing the wet and ciously; his grip held, and he was and he immediately began investislippery rope ladders to board the saved. But the jerk had dislocated gating the possibility of staying on

larger vessel. Part way up the his shoulder for the third time. the island.

ladder Addison's feet slipped, and Again the story reached the capInquiring from a friendly Engall his weight was thrown on his tain, and again his anger burst lishman on shore named Jack left arm, which he had dislocated forth. Calling Addison to him, the Crown, Addison learned that there

at the shoulder a few days before master raged and swore and threatwere probably as many as three while scuffling with some friends. ened him with flogging, saying hundred men who had run away

The jolt pulled the arm out of joint that he had deliberately hurt his from whale ships that spring, and again, and though in terrific pain shoulder again to get out of work. that many of them were wanderAddison managed to hold on to the In spite of lashings, threats, and ing about the islands in a halfrope and slide back to the deck of abusive language, however, Adstarved condition. Work was

the packet. With the help of one dison was determined not to give scarce, Mr. Crown told him, but

of his comrades, he twisted the arm in to the captain. there was a possibility, he thought,

back into place. Then, with much He writes: of Addison's getting along until a

the determination, favoringcautious possible,injured arm as much as he shipFromwastheboundSandwichfor Japan,Islandswhere[Hawaii]they exte home.ship came which would take him

climbed on board. pected to find whales aplenty. It was necesWhen news of the accident sary that every man should be well and TTeanwhile the captain was also

often tried the skipper hearty, and mereached the Captain's ears, he anto seeking a way to replace Addishoulder on. I could see was getting if my

nounced that no injured man would never pull but with one hand. He often son with a new hand, and leave the

sail on his ship. And for a time it applied a rope's end but to no purpose. I young man behind. But as Addison

appeared as though Addison would was determined I would die before I would actually needed no medical attenit pull ship. that with board on he When his almost from dreambe awakened tion, both he found the master and it force could not out found of he me, he the captain it began.before But was that the laws prevented from him to threaten put desolate on would me some

finally persuaded that Addison was island. That did not frighten me, for I staying. The captain was legally

a "strong and hardy lad"and would rather lead the life of a "Crusoe"bound to keep him on board the would soon get over the injury. than stay aboard that ship. whaler.

It was January 7, 1822, when the Perhaps the one point Master

Rambler got underway and ran out William Worth and the New to sea. The ship had a load of Hampshire farmboy ever fully

about three hundred tons, and a agreed upon was that the Rambler crew consisting of twentyfour was not big enough for both of them men. The course from Nantucket and that Addison must not remain

Sound lay southeast across the Aton board. So the two put aside their

lantic, south to Cape Horn and into differences long enough to work out the Pacific. a plan. The Captain agreed to help

Addison leave the ship, making it

Pouring the weeks that followed, appear as if he had deserted. AdAddison had many experiences dison was to hide out on shore until

and witnessed many sights besides the vessel had sailed. In no uncerthe lashings of Joe Davis that tain terms, the captain warned that

caused him to despise further the if the young man were caught and captain and increase his determinabrought on board the ship, his life tion to leave the whaler. One of would be made more than miserable.

these experiences began one night But Addison already had had during a heavy gale when the ship {Continued on page 174) 144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOTgrouplong ofagous aaboutyounga dreamman toldthata had troubled him a good deal. DREAMS or

"I dreamed,"he said, "that I had killed someone. Who or why or

how did not seem to matter. Thedream started with the accomplished NIGHTMARES?

fact. My sorrow and horror knew

I suffered have neverno bounds. {H5rentn,aU & any

spirit. of anguish dreamsuch In my

I prayed feverishly for forgiveness.

I felt that I would gladly suffer any around and run hard from the nightsomeness, and sweat at every pore.

punishment if only eventually I mare ahead. If we do not believe this, we do not

might be forgiven or, if that were Tn making these observations I was understand the principlesof salvain- the not understand do I if possible, those tion—we onlynot whom thinking of so not our much

is sin that escapable acevery law young not suffer—-myloved might friend's particular of nightmare as

its twin, companied sorrow by boys. smallwife, two my the facing great problem young

is price that the always wrapped up

I relief, the of awoke, "When problem. people morals today—the if, the with product. eventualAnd Itcourse, enormous. only was is was there the a In today world grow ly, in a succeed growing do we

ita But such a dream! powerful was is evil ining that conception moral

it callus, will just so moral be much

I if that to begandream wonder evitable therefore, acceptable. and the that ladto harder of rungs

life inthere anything or was is insidious my developing There an called that ladder der findrepentance—a in thatcharacter leading was me of has unchastity. tolerance One steeply perpendicular grows more

I direction violence.the of to see Was "popular"books, only read hour. with passing every

failing in the to follow some way talk plays, "successful"to and many precepts of my church? Was I young people to know that both the

lacking in unselfish love of my practice and the acceptance of imNYTHING which affects human bebrothers? Was I losing my selfmorality is gaining ground. Few go ings is important—very imporcontrol? Was I driving carelessly? so far as to say that it is right, but tant. But when we are dealing with

In what direction was my life they say that perhaps it isn't serithe very source of life itself, we are

I soulthrough aheaded? handling went I the most powerful and Personally "human."Qus—just the really that depths,search probed of creative forces, sacred and heavanything that does so don't know

because I knew how it felt or at much harm—that dulls conscience en help us if we treat it lightly.

least how I would feel to commit a so quickly—as this moral shrug of True love which reaches its fruigreat sin."the shoulders. tion in marriage may not be the

His story was so graphic that it If human beings were clods withpanacea for every ill. Even the best

affected all of us. Each of us did a out capacity for happiness or sor of marriages has its problems and its

little soulsearching on our own acrow—if our eyes could not discern adjustments. Nearly all marriagescount. One young woman said, day from night—if the whole progentail physical and temperamental

"Perhaps if the full realization could ress of our lives were not dependent and financial strains but blessed by come to us of the suffering that inupon the regenerative power of tender consideration, r>y pure and evitably follows serious and avoidfaith and repentance - - then we consecrated affection marriage can able error, we might be able to be the most beautiful and ennobling would all struggle soothe ourselves experience on this finite earth. It

harder in the diwith the thought can fulfil the fondest hopes of every rection of virtue. oLetd Ualk rt \Jiver that it doesn't matman, the sweetest dreams of every

We would all ter. But the more girl who lives for it, but for those

watch ourselves intelligent and who do not, those dreams can turn more carefully, constantly, and sensitive we are, the more we into a very personal and terrible prayerfully."know that it does matter and that nightmare. Let me repeat that for

Two points particularly impressed ** matters eternally. If we succeed in the fundamentally good young man

themselves on me. One was that evading the issue today, it meets us or woman, immorality is one of the

people who are essentially good suftomorrow. If we succeed in numbmost painful experiences known to

fer more than those who are not, ing our conscience now, it must mortals.

when they do wrong, because they wake fiercely another day. Time You know this is true. A mother

know the joys of righteousness. always wins. told me that she once said to her

They have the intelligence to disSome day a lovely girl or a wonson, "I'd rather see anyone I loved cern good from evil, and usually derful boy whom we want for our dead than immoral"—and then as athe courage to acknowledge the own will look to us with an unsmiling afterthought—"including

truth and lay hold of a painful respoken question, and if we cannot myself."And he looked at her with

pentance. The second point was meet that look without quailing, we all the startled honesty of his vital

that if we had the capacity to sense will die a thousand deaths or we do youth and said, "So would I."

that some of our actions which seem not know the meaning of true love. Of course he would. So would all

of no consequence to us are headIf we embrace sin, some day we will of us.

ing towards evil, we would turn look back, see it in all its loathe- (Continued on page 184)

MARCH 1949 145 BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD

shall gnosis "the be IV that explains VVl Arncient Jiime6 unequivocally:taken away."He

Christ's second mission caught the three great gifts of prophecy, everyone, from weeping Mary to tongues, and the gnosis are all to be completely doubting Thomas, in church, the and from removed <UJ. by %5u J4uqkuj rlMeu,f> Jh. surprise, "for as yet they knew not left their only the more place be

the scripture that he must rise again ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND general gifts of faith, hope, and from the dead."(John 20:9.) The RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY love, "these three."To soften or

news of the Lord's return was heard justify the loss of such great things by everyone, within the church and he explains that at the time those without, then as now, with increduli- (John 3:12.) It is not necessary gifts are only partial anyway: "We

ty, and Matthew can end his gospel here to labor the point of "milk and only know (possess gnosis) in part, with the discouraging words: "And not meat,""pearls before swine,"and only prophesy in part"(or, "in

when they saw him, they worshiped "to you it is given to know... but proportion to our lot, or dispensahim; but some doubted,"while the to them it is not given,"etc., to tion"), but he looks forward to the

closing scenes in Mark and Luke show that knowledge of the gospel time "when the fulness shall come,"show the Savior rebuking the Aposwas anciently imparted only to that and things partial be done away tles with great severity for "their degree in which people could rewith. "Fof the present moment,"

unbelief and hardness of heart."ceive it. 15* But if only a few could rehe states significantly, "we see in a

peculiar in time the note did ceive it it not at first,...The gospels duly enigma. [as] For mirror in an

it. 15* apparently that it circumstance to Far from spread was many? faith, there remain being the time

180 To possible for some to doubt even in Eusebius explains the situation in a hope, and love—these three."

the presence of those who were accitation from Hegesippus: "When Paul's hearers an enigma was a contually beholding the risen Lord. the holy chorus of the Apostles cealed teaching, not to be underOne is forcibly reminded of the apended their lives in various ways, stood without a key: Jesus, it will

pearance of resurrected beings to and that generation passed away of be recalled, accused the Jewish exwitnesses in modern times, and by those who had heard the divine wisperts in the law of hiding "the key all accounts we must recognize that dom with their own ears, at that of the gnosis"(Luke 11:53), while

Jesus'second mission was not a pubvery time the conspiracy of godless Paul charged that the law itself had lic preaching but a series of revelaerror took its beginning through the become a mere parody of the gnosis.

tions, "not to afl the people, but deception of false teachers who, (Romans 2:20.)

unto witnesses chosen...."(Acts when the last remaining Apostle had

10:41.) In fact it soon became comgone, first came out into the open Tf nothing was lost of Christ's

mon in the church to doubt that this and opposed the preaching of the teachings, why do the Apostolic second mission had ever taken truth with what was falsely styled Fathers, the immediate successors place: the phrases "they deny the the gnosis."158 The last expression of the Apostles, regard themselves

resurrection,""they say that he was is the identical term used by Paul as immeasurably beneath the latter only a man,"meet uS from the very when he warns Timothy to beware in the knowledge of heavenly first in the writings of apostolic of the very class of people here things? At the very beginning Polytimes, where they recur with the described. 15'With the passing of the carp protests: "neither I nor any

regularity of set formulas. Ignatius Apostles the teachers of false docother such one can come up to the

describes this attitude when he says trine, as if they had been awaiting wisdom of the blessed and glorified that he hears people in the church a signal, "sprang up like mushPaul,"m while Clement tells the Cosaying, "if I don't find it in the rooms,"to use Irenaeus'expression, rinthians of his day that they are archives, I won't believe it."110 * As each claiming to have the gnosis no longer under the direction of

Eisler has shown, the records in that Christ had given the Apostles proven Apostles or men appointed question were the Acta Passionis after his resurrection. by such, 192 and Ignatius tells the

Jesu Christi, the official court tranThis outbreak of gnostic pretendRomans: "I do not as Peter and

script of the trial and sentence of ers, which was no passing flurry but Paul issue commandments to you:

of Christ; Apostles did not extend, of Jesus they wereJesus, which years, lasted for over a hundred

..."18S his death. but a man.course, condemned beyond could occurred I am never 158 To say have had

that one would only believe what apostolic authority remained in the This is no special deference to the was in the archives was to say that church to overawe the upstarts, or Roman Church, as Catholic theoloone would only believe in the had the true "gnosis"been available gians claim, for the Trallians no

Savior's first mission. to oppose their false ones. In taking less he says, "I cannot use a high

"If I have told you earthly things, the gnosis away from them, theAposmanner in writing to you... I do

and ye believe not,"the Master tles had left the field free to swarms not issue orders like an Apostle,"had said, "how shall ye believe, if of impostors; which is exactly what and he adds significantly:

I tell you of heavenly things?"the Apostles themselves158 had pre- I would like to write to you of heavendicted would happen. As for the ly things [in some versions, "things more

continued which are 'Numbers, from the last article, gnosis, Paul tells the Corinthians full of mystery"], but I fear to do so, lest end'of aeticht. at to bibliography'refer

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA inflict I should injury on are you but who ever clearly shows low Eusebius) beyond those who existed,—that.babes. would.. You be strangled by enough that the church longer no shared the knowledge of those... things.such For though able I am

possessed "the gnosis"the to which hidden things""many are not whichto understand heavenly things... yet

188 Testament not perfect, refers. repeatedly 19'setam forth I New I a disciple scripture. such present in our nor am

as Paul or Peter.18* When the church fights shy of the

very word and is alarmed at the Early Disappearance of the

Yet Ignatius was perhaps the greatmere suggestion that there could be Doctrine est living authority doctrine. on such a thing, it needs no argument Tt after is immediately mentioning soon after writingWhen this he to of it show she how little still posthe preaching of the gospel "to towas put death, what became of sessed.

that them are that Peter dead"that knowledge of "heavenly Gnostic The pretenders imbear all ominously adds, the of "But endthings"which he refused to divulge portant witness to the nature of the is..."things (I at 4: hand. Peter of theto one oldest branches of the thing they copying. were as Just 6-7.) In the to "Discourse thechurch? The Trallians Romans and they recognized that the of name Apostles"the thus describes Lord thehad gospels, which thus cannot Christ essential to was the work fate the great of the teachings hehave contained the information he and accordingly bearabout "went has given them: holdingwas back. ing the of Christ,"name they so

recognized also that they should not Another doctrine will arise and with it confusion; for will they their seek own bankruptcy of the'J'he gifts the spirit, without church be of the

bring forth or advancement docand a useless after the passing of the Apostles for baptism the of dead, which they trine. will vexation cause And it even unto

became glaringly apparent in her devised various spurious versions, death; and they will teach and turn away

struggle with the "Gnostics soas we have seen. More significant those who believed on me and lead them

called."In the first place, the sudare those purist cults of the second away from eternal life.169

den and immense success of the century, striving to return to the This constant refrain of a complete

Gnostics showed only too plainly, original order of the church, who infalling away runs through all the as Neander has observed, that peocluded baptism for the dead among apostolic writings, where the saints ple were looking for something their practices. Such were the are repeatedly warned against aswhich

166 the church could no longer Cataphrygian branch of the Monsuming ( as many modern Christians supply. Then, too, the fact that tanists, mentioned above. It was the do) 170 that such a falling away is imthe church yielded to the Gnostics Montanists whom Tertullian joined possible. 171 This is not the place to

on point after point, adopting many when he left the big church in his examine the disappearance of the of their more popular practices and vain search for the lost gifts and true church as a whole, but it is in beliefs, shows that she blessings nothing had to point that of the Church of Jesus order out the saints had to put in their place. fact that Christ. 188 The first from the taught been to expect

the church finally denied that there It should now be fairly obvious it.

ever was a gnosis, and defined the that work for the dead did not outThat the people of the primitive heresy of Gnosticism not as a false last that generation for which the church were looking forward to an claim to possess higher revelations "end"had been predicted, nor immediate end is granted by all stu- (the early writers careare always circle the spread beyond of history, those dents of church who usualful to give it this meaning), but the possessing the what ancient church this ly interpret as a mistaken and mere belief that such revelations had called "the gnosis,"that is (to fol- (Continued on page 148)

|./. Three Lions Nazareth, Palestine, where the Savior lived as a child—Alice ocnaieiv

BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD IN ANCIENT TIMES \WfH i; [Continued from, page-.147'),;,. world "the summertime of the.i '.. the timewill come when they win not

175 doctrine. sound expectation,starryeyed tjhe of sec-. just."of the endure people the Meantime

shall their ears from they turn away... And Christ. 172 It nothcoming ofond was early church as likely conto were (II 4:3-4), truth... the Timothy

ing of the sOrt. While the Apostles fuse winter and summer as to identiand ApostolicFathers- all keep refy "the end of all things"with "the as the Galatians (Galatians 1:6)

peating that "the end"is at hand, restoration of all things."A clear and "all they which are in Asia"

they not only refuse to commit themand authentic statement of the situa- (II Tim. 1:15) had already begun

selves oh any time, soon or late, for tion is given in the closing section to do.

the coming of Christ, but denounce of the famous Didache:

as deceivers those, vho do. Peter Tt is highly significant that the hope

warns emphatically that "the end of For in the last days the false prophets of final triumph for the cause, that the corrupters shall multiplied, and be and filling vision of the church and itall is at things yet hand,"when the shall into sheep turned wolves, be and the entire world dominating which to the "the question ofcomes promlove shall to hate; for change as lawlessise of His coming"he counsels the ness increases they shall hate one another is the perpetual boast and comfort

saints to allow a possible margin of and persecute and betray, and then shall of the writers of the fourth and fifth 178 the leads the one astray world is who so centuries, as never muchat is appear years. least a thousand He

of shall as [thel signs God, and he Son do times, at in apostolic hinted even events, ofspeaking the imone two shall and the earth and wonders given be saints are hard most when the themediate, absolutely other indehis into over shall hands and he commit terminate, as is Paul when he adiniquities which have never been since the pressed and that would be their dresses the Corinthians as at the world began.... 5. Then shall the creanatural comfort. 17* Were those peo-

. tion trial, fiery of to the mankind come that.. ple so selfengrossed theylast extremity of a great emergency,

6. shall the the and then signs of appear for find concould never any cause (I the timewith short desperately truth. First the sign in spread out heaven,

in the congratulation solation or in 7:29ff),Cor. only a to speak the of the then sign the of trumpet, sound

totally different tone when discusand thirdly the resurrection of the dead, pleasing thought that others would sing the return of the Lord: "be not but not of all the dead.... 8. Then shall some day benefit by their sufferings?

the "see the world Lord silence this perfect regarding coming on the Why orsoon shaken in mind, be troubled."

.. clouds of Heaven. of the the ultimate triumph church?... as Christ is at that the day of

because Simply there was to be nohand,"that explain going on to triumph. He who is to come forthwith is not such first,there must be a falling and away

that that has just begun. (II Thesthe Christ but a deceiver, and beAstonishing as it seems, then, the

fore the Lord can come again very immediate second coming of Christ,salonians 2:1-7.) In all their trouspecial manifestations, "the signs of which everyone seems to take forbles the release that the saints expect

truth,"must precede him. granted as the basic doctrine of theis not that Christ shall presently

come down to them, but that they All this, of course, goes back to early church, is not only not proshall presently go to him. Paul's atthe Savior's own teaching (Matclaimed among its writings, but is

): "... many shall come in definitely precluded by the expected titude is typical: the Lord is not thew 24

... and shall deceive many rule of evil, which also rules outcoming down to.rescue him, but my name

... these completely any belief in an immedirather he himself shall quickly de-... but the end is not yet

part, and afrer that departure things are the beginning of sorrows,"etc., ate end of the world. There was to

shall go ill with the world and the with the promise, "he that shall enbe an end, and that end was at hand, churdi; there are to be wolves on dure unto the end, the same shall be with the winter and the wolves

earth, not angels; love shall wax saved."Repeatedly the saints are closing in: "the night cometh when

cold, error abound, the church turn told that they will be hated of all no man can work."The modern

'Persecuted, and slain, and alChristian theory is that such a nightaway from sound doctrine; and the men

mystery of iniquity which "doth always a comforting promise is given. never came, but the Apostles knew

ready work"shall come to its own. That promise is never, either in the better.

in the Apostolic Three things will be taken away,He describes himself as a man New Testament or working against time: Fathers, that the church will be vicsays Paul, and three remain; the

torious in the end, but always and former are prophecy, tongues, and... three years I ceased not to warn only that a reward awaits the inthe gnosis, the knowledge of Jesus

every one night and day with tears. (Acts dividual on the other side. SumChrist, compared with which, he 20:31.)

marizing his career, Paul says, "I tells us elsewhere, all other things

Why the terrible urgency, and have fought a good fight; I have are but dross. Now it is interesting

why the tears, if the church was to finished my course; I have kept the that almost all Christians admit,

win in the end? It is not the coming faith. Henceforth..."What is to nay insist, that prophecy and

of Christ that leads John to observe, be henceforth"? One expects the tongues were lost, but will not al-

'little children, it is the last time,"natural and heartening announcelow for a moment that the "higher

17* "It is secure, the work established, the has disappeared. They claim inbutChrist—therather theverycomingopposite!of the antiment that henceforth the church is knowledge"that went with them

the wintertime of the just,"the devil overcome. But one looks in other words, that they still have that

Pastor of Hermas proclaims, and it vain in any apostolic writer for such gnosis—which makes them Gnoswill be a long one, for the Lord "is a hopeful declaration. Instead we tics! False Gnostics, that is, since

as one taking a far journey;"at are given the frightening promise they profess to have the full teachsome future time is to burst upon the that (Contimted on page 180)

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PROCLAMATION

OfVL TWELVE APOSTLES

Lsn Uke Ujeatk of Joseph Smith

of all things as promised to the prophets of like a lamb to the slaughter."His

old.... And we know it. death was untimely and sudden, but

the origin revealed has and He the rechis work was finished. Martyrdom tribes the aboriginal ords of of America,

and their future destiny.... And we know at that particular time was unexit. pected by his people although the

He has revealed the fulness of the gosfear of it was "in the air."They

pel, with its gifts, blessings, and ordiwere shocked, and their consternanances.... And we know if. tion was almost overwhelming.

has witness us to bear commanded He of Their Prophet and friend had defirst it, to the Gentiles, then to the and their midst. from A great of remnants Israel, and the Jews.... And parted

PLAQUE OF JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET tragedy them; was upon it. it amounted we know

almost to a catastrophe. What

Then follow more statements would they do, where would they turn, it."to what happen would them? know with—"And we was inending Woodruff Wilford

all Concluding, one to safety to seek The them had led it calls upon who structed to write a proclamation and did so in April 1845, and truth, love, and peace, and to cease whenever serious difficulties arose, it was published in October of that persecution, oppression, bondage, who had reassured them in persecuyear. Translations were made into wars, and the causing of sorrow and tion, who had personally walked

several languages, and they were pain, and to help in the establishand talked with them and ministered circulated widely in the United ment of the kingdom of God on to their spiritual and physical wants

States and Europe. earth. was no longer with them. In the

Titled: "Proclamation of the One of the final paragraphs is as days that had passed, they had gone

Twelve Apostles of the Church of follows to their Prophet for counsel and adJesus Christ of Latterday Saints,"vice; when questions or controveralso solemn sies arose, earnest a and make an given anhe had them We it kings all the addressed: was "To

all of request editors of newspapers, both swers. the wasn't Prophet When the of to president the of the world,

this in country other countries to and pubin his certain he mind humbly own to of States America; United the lish this It proclamation. certainly congovernors of the several states and tains news, such as is not met with at all sought the Lord who gave him

to the rulers and people of all natimes, and in every place, and cannot fail revelations. There was finality when

tions."to interest the reading public, especially he said, "Thus saith the Lord."Unthose who have doubtedly they It for sixteen pages, then recites,

every prayed day of; wondered beliefs, of practices the who hopes, and their lives for the

or could would tranthat the events the Church; Lord's kingdom to By William H. Reeder, Jr. place. take his of the spired in the restoration gosfor his will come and

pel; the preparations that are to be to be done on the (See "Your Page and Ours,"page 192.) Their enemies

made for the coming of the Savior; earth, as it is done were certain his

the persecution suffered by the peoin heaven. death would

ple and the loss by martyrdom of bring an end to the Church.

June 27, 1844, Joseph Smith Persecution in Illinois was bitter; their Prophet and their Patriarch. Qn

Continuing it says: had given his life to seal his the Saints would have to move. The

testimony to the divinity of his misProphet had talked about that, too, solemn appeal a make would now We sion. great His mortality work in plans had and some to go West citizens, rulers, fellow other to our and the of and in establishment complete. the latbeen not laid but were to it is treason even or whether to know

publish what we know? If it is, then strike terday dispensation was finished. Disaster seemed to be upon them

the murderous blow but listen to what we His personal direction of the Church Who would lead them; indeed, who

say. of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints could? His people's reliance upon

life in then, in death, say, or We to end. an in had come that great they been him had so

free, the has or great that bonds God fate, his of impending knew He also only bebut no t shocked were., it. in this age. spoken know we. And

to sure, be talked about and had it wildered he besuddenly was when the given us Priesthood Holy He has and apostleship, and the keys of the kingwith his brethren and had uttered yond their reach, dom of God to bring about the restoration the memorable words, "I'm going {Continued on page 176)

MARCH 1949 149 uu

NEWFOUNDLAND

Newfoundland—picturesque, recorded that Newfoundland was The two missionaries now in historic Newfoundland—Brittheir last sight of land, and comNewfoundland, Elders A. C. Page,

ain's oldest colony, is one of panies of emigrating Saints were to Jr., and John Major Scowcroft,

the latest fields of the Church's misremember Newfoundland as their while they may not be the first there, sionary endeavor. Latterday Saint first glimpse of the New World. probably have the opportunity of

missionaries of the New England The island was seldom, if ever, on presenting the gospel message to a mission went to the island last these ships'port of call. generation that has never played

August under the direction of PresElder William A. Smith, in writhost to missionaries.

ident S. Dilworth Young and were ing to Elder Orson Hyde, of the

granted permission to stay for two Council of the Twelve, from HalipNTRY into the country was moyears. fax, Nova Scotia, on September 22,

statementarily hindered by the 1851, concludes his report from his first missionaries outward The official immigration of the first ment labor with: of passfield for mentioned Englandbound missionaries the encountered who

of theing "banks Newfoundland"Breton, Prince already has Newfoundland, Edsaid: "Newfoundland Cape

7, the years 1 837. 1 Inon July Island, to folward's Scotia have only and Nova I see churches, don't too and many

things. missionaries of these heard whisper alow, Europebound in let reason any you why I should

to start another one."And the misNewfoundland is a large island east from Canada. Its relative position is shown below. sionaries discovered that there were

over forty denominations in Newfoundland, among them being the

Church of England, United Church of Canada (a uniting of the Methodist, Presbyterian, and Congregational churches), Pentecostal, Salvation Army, and Roman Catholic.

The church and school systems are very closely related, with government supported and sponsored schools existing for each of the major denominations.

The elders found that complacency on the part of those contacted to be the major obstacle in tracting a complaint that is a general characteristic throughout the world. But

in the first few weeks of tracting, the two elders were able to sell twentyseven copies of the Book of

Mormon, and were confident that if the people would, as Moroni suggests, ask with a sincere heart and with real intent, concerning the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon

History of the Church, U-A97. Whether this was

the Island of Newfoundland, or a submarine island, the "Bank of Newfoundland,"we cannot say. The

latter is located one degree (slightly less thaa seventy miles), east of Newfoundland proper. Its area is six

hundred miles long and two hundred miles broad, covered by water less than fifty fathoms deep. The

Encyclopedia Americana goes on to say: "The reports of seafarers, for the most part, familiar only

with the southeastern ports and approaches of Newfoundland, tend to confuse the island itself with its banks...."

Journal History, Church Historian's Office. September 22, 1851, p. 8

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Lord would certainly manifest the truth of it to them.

The majority of the people contacted seem never to have heard of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. A few have heard

incorrect and exaggerated tales concerning the Church; those who have i.&spSI

been in the West or have otherwise seen members or literature, are friendly, and desire to hear more of the principles and beliefs of the restored gospel.

'T'he elders began their work in St.

of foundland—aJohn's, capitalcity justlycity ofproudNewits background. Nearby is the

United States Army base, Fort Pepperrell. The facilities of this

fort were extended to the elders.

One member of the Church was found at the base, but no member could be found in St. John's civilian

population.

The climate of Newfoundland is somewhat different from what the elders knew at home. There was

frost on the island one night in

August. The daily September temperature stayed in the sixties, however.

John Cabot, sailing under a charter of Henry VII of England discovered Newfoundland in 1497, a scant five years after Columbus had come to the New World. As early

as 1502 English and Portuguese fishermen found their way to Newfoundland. It was not until 1583,

however, that the British crown set up a government on the island.

The first permanent white settlers were drawn largely from the west of England. Later there was an influx of Irish,and a sprinkling of

Scottish and Channel Island folk.

In 1935, the population was 98.5

percent native born, living on farms and in small towns. In fact there

were only six cities whose population exceeded five thousand.

Today, as it was when it was discovered, Newfoundland is rugged in appearance and very beautiful. It

is a fisherman's paradise, both for the sportsman and for those who use the ships and nets for a livelihood.

Photographs, right, from top to bottom show:

Cabot Tower at the top of Signal Hill, from where the first wireless message was flashed across the

Atlantic in 1901 by Marconi.

—locatedThe Housein St.of John's.Assembly, the center of government

Fort Pepperrell (United States Army Air Forces),

St. John's, Newfoundland.

St. John's, with the bay in the foreground.

MARCH 1949 151 VI hundred or more miles in circumferunderThe whichOld Swingthe Tree,first ence. Church meetingsheld were mail—- no tidings from the From Montezuma they wrangled

No world beyond their silent wiltheir wagon and fourhorse team derness. What had become of over gulches and canyons and rocks their wagon

Brother Smith and his horsemen? for a full hundred miles northward down over junWhat could have happened in the across what was to become San Juan gle and boulders

faraway settlements of southwestern County, a region as extensive as the on what is now

Utah that no one came as promised? state of New Jersey. At Blue MounPeter's Hill.

They could only guess with untain they found two big cattle outThey passed comfortable misgivings. They knew fits, each with a formidable gang of the old fort at

only that they had been left to hold cowpunchers, and every man carried what was to bethe important fort on the new firing a sixshooter on both hips besides come Moab and line, that they were enlisted in the a long gun under his saddle fender. forded the Colgreat cause of preventing war from The cattle owners found it good orado at the

being carried into the settlements, policy to employ these fellows mouth of Courtand they trusted that the great whenever possible, even though house Wash.

Providence which had preserved they paid them no more than their They forded their people from many perils board. Green River,

through the last fifty years would It was never safe to ask these and heading not fail to care for them. cowpunchers whence they came south through

and why, whether their names were Castle Valley

After a long time a rumor really Shorty or Red as they were arrived at Cedar reached Tuba City that the two known. They had fled to this remote City in Octofamilies had been massacred. It corner to lie low till the echoes of ber.

came to the ears of Thales Haskell, their depredations should die away, and his great heart leaped with and they were glad to find any acTThe Church with great care had anguish. Taking up their dim wagon tivity to relieve the monotony and selected sixty or more families

tracks across the reservation, he keep them from starving. Many of to carry out the hazardous mission,

determined to know whether the them made their initial appearance and called them to be ready to report were true, and to see if there in the morning, having arrived from start as soon as the returning scouts remained anything he could do. nowhere in the darkness of the should tell them where to go.

When he saw the) smoke curling previous night. Also, many of them When they heard that Montezuma

from their chimneys, he sighed in who appeared calm and contented was directly eastward across the big relief, "Thank God, they are still in the evening were nowhere to be circle around which the scouts had alive!"found next day. This was the deviltraveled, they resolved to approach

When the scouts left Cedar City inspired breed to torment the men it by way of the diameter of the in April, they traveled southeast and women who built San Juan, The circle, which could not be more than and east and then northeast in a scouts regarded them narrowly, three hundred miles, instead of gogreat half circle four hundred fifty trying still to hope for the best, but ing by the circumference. It could

or more miles long, taking them into feeling sure these white men fleeing not take more than three or four

Arizona and back again into Utah. redhanded from justice, were more weeks, and they would be at their

When they returned, they traveled to be dreaded than both the native destination and housed before the north, northwest, southwest, and tribes. worst of the winter.

south, completing a great circle nine The captain and his men snaked No one knew of a white man or anybody else who had ever traveled across that circle nor very deeply into it, but what the difference? The The Fort on the Mormons had found their way

across the continent, and never yet a part of the earth's surface through which resolute men could not disFiring line cover or make a passage. They

took it for granted that no such place would ever be found.

R. man This select company, poised on Xf &j jWL*

the brink of unsuspected distance difficulty, about and to assume was the depredations Navajos. tiers from of the SYNOPSIS

it, realizing part of without a great Kit Carson the Indians Even who displaced 1851, the President year Brigham Tn it impossible quell to them. had found evils Jacob the which the terrivexed had

* sent colonies to extend Young Thales Haskell genuinely and the Hamblin thirty for tory In years. of Utah territory south. the to the Indians, lovedMormon Those after who and time time won

went had to fight four adversaries: the them to a reluctant peace, only to have it whatever refuge these people might

Utes, the Navajos, the renegade whites, broken again because of the actions of the build in the distant wilderness, times at whites. whichand nature, seemed the But at last the renegade Mormons Utah's most annoying Indiangreatest adversary treaty with their settlement, in of the had begun alt. No face of

the United States could guarantee the set"Indian attacks and nature. troubles were to be focused on

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them. Some of them getting woefully low by Christmas, dous exertion was but one phase of

had fought in the so they began parching and eating the essential preliminary. 1

Walker War and the the corn they had brought along Bumping and grinding slowly off

Black Hawk War, for their oxen and horses. They over the naked sandstone on the

while their helpless took these animals away to some east side of the Colorado River ones were safely in distant benches and shelves of dry they followed the trail of the four shelter behind them, sand grass, and thus relieved of a scouts down over Slick Rock, across but now they were lot of daily drudgery, each group the gulch by the lake, out through asked to take their of camps set up its social center. the high pass at Clay Hill, and into

wives and their chil- "It's a good thing for Utah we the forest of pinions and cedars dren and sit down had all that unexpected experience through the mud and slush of early with pleading at the and delay in getting into San Juan,"spring.

doors of the unconsaid Kumen Jones, one of the scouts Where were they in this no man's quered Navajos, to and later one of the company. "If land? It seemed like a weird dream.

placate the incorrigiwe hadn't had that special introducOne day in a narrow opening of the ble Piutes, and to tion and been made tired enough to trees near Elk Mountain, an old convert or to subdue stop at the first possible chance, we Piute rode out of the forest and a never stream of have would stopped desperate in San in utter drew up amazement—his all. fugitives I'm sure Juan at from a 1 the Church absently old face sagged wrinkled m never over could the wild west. have rounded up anthe long as contemplated he

They started in other company like it, and there of wagons grinding along throughstring

November with about would have been no San Juan Misthe sagebrush. He wanted to know

eighty wagons drawn sion."where they came from, and where

by horses and oxen, Three hundred miles in six (Continued on page 154) a sprawling commonths amounts less to somewhat remarkof this complete description xFor a more than the road seventytwo pany strung along miles a day, 43:18, and this snail's and Vol. trek able see "Holein-theRock,"

five or a hundred miles, with little pace accomplished only by tremenEra."Hole in the Rock,"Vol. 50 and 51. Improvement

herds of loose stock at infrequent intervals. O how trusting their

notion of the country through which they were to fight their: '.: '. ".'':": ':

way! Nobody imagined a place

where the ancient Cyclops had ripped up the earth's massive crust and stood the ponderous slabs on edge, forming a region of extravagant contour to baffle human fancy and challenge any kind of travel but that of an airplane. No

white man had ever inspected its heights and depths, its bald domes, its vertical surfaces reaching to the sky. The few adventurers who had

touched on its ragged edges had failed to read on a thousand towering walls, "Wagons strictly prohibited."

All the same they moved off in a long stringi like migrating ants, holding to their eastward direction as nearly as cliffs and mountains would permit. From Escalante, the

last point to which wagons had traveled, their slowmoving wheels rumbled off down Potato Valley, as they called it, away over Escalante Mountain and down into the desert east of Kaiparowitz Plateau.

The six weeks'provisions which had been expected to last them till they reached Montezuma, were

H6tein-theRock MARCH 1949 THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE (Continued from page 153) by simple means, was making a out in its wrath and cut away every in the name of reason they had permanent and farreaching change other bottom along its banks for crossed the Colorado River. Platte in the nature of the mission. Exthirty miles up and down the river.

Lyman marked out a map on the hausted teams, brokendown wagJust why it should spare the limited ground, and indicated the place of ons, empty grub boxes, the intenarea at the mouth of Cottonwood

Holein-theRock. sified longing in the human heart where the wayworn travelers

The old brave shook his head in to stop and build the dear shelter stopped is one of the singular disgust. "You lie!"he grunted in called home; all these combined phases of this singular enterprise.

his native tongue, "You did not to make a change in the original Sometime in the previous century could not come program. Whether, but for this the river had had its bed wherecome that way—you

that way. No place there for a confirmed weariness and unfitness Bluff stood, but it refrained now

wagon to come."to go on, they would have traveled from that old bed with unaccount-

"I think the old brave knew more right on up the river past Monteable selfdenial.

about it than we knew,"commented zuma and off to places more inviting, Out of the sixty families called,

Platte Lyman. "There is no place is still a question. As it was, fully the few who stopped at Bluff were

there for a wagon."half the company dragged on again somehow like the strong essence of

they and boiled down, solution but a as move, soon they couldHPhe junction of the reel: and the as of enbusiness the formidable faced hardly with they passed Montezuma almost corner, a river an formed the between themselves trenching for hunting some look went and

still corner, knownimpassable left they had towns comfortable location pleasant Mexas morea in New with tribulations Rincone. The which from the sources behind, and of ico them Colorado. Most and

still are of it out got theywhich threatlong been till had those towns stops they no permanent made to be read in a long rude scar up got back to their old homes in westened. the steep face of the rock. It was

ern Utah. his road all place that and longtalked-of Ben""Uncle that the In this Gideon's army, melting Mow this impoverished could do atcrew been project had big the for

stage of the game to cut a jagged away before the fight began, a few selected, dignified with a name, still retrust the great remembered for the upper rock in the groove as faithful few accepted by the and the cherished and posed in them, rocks prop enough up wheel, and in make point which to strategic the for the lower wheel to keep the hope of relieving Utah of the their heroic stand, Bluff tried to troubles coming been which had sidewise. over turning fromwagons of forrnidable at a swarm once meet

this corner. Having dreaded from fitfully slowly and they bumped As long necessities. Their pressing

first this at grassy bottom stopped is still as San this which known up into brought them had wanderings called of they the what mouth by rock the Hill was hard Juan pretty world, much a quite new unfit to being go Cottonwood, and feet the from with blood stained so being void,"form and "without notion gripping the on, caught they ox. horse a and of knees many and all bases other from nearly detached hoist there there, to right staying of saved which corn parched The informaof of supply, sources and belightning essential rod and the left starving, had from people the the possible tion, help whatever and families fight. three or the gin Two It staggering. thin their and teams nearest Their known emergency. twentyHarriman; joined Davis and last wagons the before weeks was quantismall point, for distributing

the families five mouth stopped by of top the to painfully San struggled six ties, or take a month would it Bluff. called of and Cottonwood is, of fact Hill. them some The trip. Juan had for the round weeks They

is after It these Bluff still many that dim yet, there got and not have gristmill, doctor, no no no sawmill, years. still is punctuated them behind road specialist of any merchant, no no

for more than a hundred miles by Yet Bluff was not at all to one kind. They were surrounded by

crumbling skeletons and broken side of the turbulent crossing as creation in the raw and must set wagons. On Slick Rock and in Captain Smith and his men had intheir own precedents, provide for

solitary places northeast of there, tended. It was exactly where the all their needs.

weatherbeaten wheels halfburied two tribes clashed most often. It Valuing a man's time at a dollar

in the sand, bear mute evidence of was right at the crossroads for the and a half a day, they had spent that pilgrim company more than string of fugitives from east and $4,800 in labor on their road into three score years ago. west, from north and south. Like the country, and in answer to Silas

Ten miles east of San Juan Hill, an unsheltered pine on a mountain S. Smith's plea for an appropriaon the sixth of April, 1880, the lead peak, it stood where it could not tion, it was reported that the Teroutfits of the procession found a miss the fury of the storm. The ritorial Legislature would recognize

little grass on a river bottom and general contour of the country deforty percent of that amount. That

stopped, pulled the harnesses from flected the stream of all but those muchhoped-for cash recognition their starving teams, and sat down with characters of steel from this seems to have been indefinitely deto rest and think. It was still fifteen very point. layed or entirely forgotten, and as

miles to the appointed place where Yet the years were to prove this Charles E. Walton expressed it.

Davis and Harriman waited eagerly the place best suited to the peculiar money was a strictly cash article in for their arrival, but weariness had warfare they had been sent to wage Bluff.

become a determining factor. on the three major evils. The years Death had not entered their

Some strange working of destiny were to see the old San Juan reach {Continued on page 178) 154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Drinking, Smoking, and IDEAS

visiting days, miles and miles, many -ecuM ac"9 /y officesOneto dayan officeas I buildingpulled opena younga doorfellanding. newspaper before

(See "Your Page and Ours,"page 192.) low plunged forward against me Three things impressed the editor,

knocking my hat off. He caught his and he told me so. Unusual ideas,

editor the times or three a on twobalance, wheeled around, and rested enthusiasm, and As my complexion. pencil ideas, of with sketches week In againstunsteadily the building. the editor slowly blew tobacco

and those accepted were later fin-a flash I recognized one I had not smoke from his mouth and looked in ink. in three years. to ishedseen had come over "I said: He drawings can he my

different Far been it would have tenSalt east the years from Lake see are not Yorker."you a New

I for the signed contract had my I that at recalledbefore. that time I offered, "I the "Well,"from am entire output: instead of working letter of introduction ahe bore from far west, Salt City."west, very Lake

directly editor, the under immediatemine. of eastern friendan fellow, young you know, "Do

entirely have turned been ly I would Several of us helped this had fully ninety percent great of our to the jurisdiction of the head of the gettingpromising a position. man in cartoonists the west."come from

art department, a assigned and him up in his had watched move thrillthat first job was To landWe job and were proud of his great ing, but so was what Mr. Lewis had

ability. Everyone who knew him so quickly discovered.

was certain he was destined to go Many on this newspaper I worked far. for drank and smoked. Working in

"Why, hello, I'm so sorry, excuse the art department I lived in an ever me,"he sputtered. "Know me?"present cloud of tobacco smoke.

he inquired, as he thrust forward When I Went daily on special his wabbly hand. sketching assignments I accom-

"Sure I do, Bert,"I answered. panied skilfully trained writers. This

"You have been drinking, and I am took us to theaters, amusement sorry."places, Madison Square Garden at-

"Of course, I drink; silly to try drawing table in a room with some tractions, such as the circus, horse

going places without drinking. Most twenty very capable artists. Many and dog shows, sixday bicycle

successful people drink, don't they?"of them had to sit around for hours races, sports, and numerous other

he inquired. awaiting assignments, depending features.

This incident caused me to reflect upon news happenings to come in Almost everywhere we went, back some years ago to New York for illustrations. Other top artists drinks and smokes were offered,

experiences with those who held had their daily cartoons or comic which I always refused, being very drink essential for one to succeed. strip to finish and after their work careful not to offend. May it be said

There has been much of vital inwas done one would naturally think to the credit of most of these writers terest written about smoking and they would go home. Not so. It that seldom did they care whether I

drinking affecting the health and usually happened that the "gang"drank or not.

efficiency of individuals. Many played cards by the hour, drank a But One of these reporters who

times, many years ago, I had it great deal, and swapped stories. I broke into New York with more ascoldly thrown in my face that one knew how poorly I would have fit surance and ability than any young

in my position, unknown, desiring into this setting. How those artists fellow I have ever met, was adato market creations in a very comand that art department head could mant on this drink proposition. As

petitive, brutal city could not suchave put the skids under me and we had many assignments together, ceed without accepting smokes and could have made life most miserable he kept after me continually because drinks, said to be sure to promote for me should I not drink, smoke, I did not accept drinks and smokes, good feeling and sociability; that or play cards. being more insistent that I drink.

if I did not drink I could not produce With a very few exceptions, I did not intend to drink or change ideas in competition with those who editors and publishers considered a my convictions to please him or anydid drink. man free to do as he pleased with one else.

his private life. What interested

[ was determined to succeed withthem most, was, that a person deTMonths later, one cold February out the use of either tobacco or liver the goods, be capable of creatday, I received a phone call to liquor. I was branded as a fool by ing the material they required, report at the city editor's desk.

two socalled wise men for not acotherwise he was of no use to them. "Where's A.B., your sidekick?"

cepting a contract for my exclusive I had only been in the great city he barked impatiently. "I want you

art services with one of the largest a few weeks when I secured a two to go up to Central Park and newspapers in New York. And job on one of the very largest newspick up some lively stuff about those

when the editor gave me a chance papers, comprising a big staff, many prominent people, who, I am into do free lance work directly under of them the most notable writers formed, at this very moment are him I accepted because I could do and artists of the day. It was not as skating about on the lake.

the work in my studio, dropping in simple as it sounds, for I had walked (Continued on page 156)

MARCH 1949 155 DRINKING, SMOKING, AND IDEAS {Continued from page 155) a few blocks with me. He showed Plenty of money, understand, but

"I don't know where A. B. is,"his friendship by offering me a cigmoney alone doesn't bring real hapwas my reply. aret which I thanked him for but piness. Do not drink, do not ever

"Well, I have phoned all over'told him I did not smoke. drink! I suppose you think me a silly

town and cannot locate the 'boozer.'"That's bully; I wish I did not old man, but I have never said anyhotly retorted the editor. "And to smoke either—one's better off withthing more valuable to anybody than

think not long ago he begged me to out, and surely I know it. My doc- I have just said to you."

fire you because you will not drink. tor says I must give it up or else."

I called uponDo you know, Sears, drink costs a We reached a hotel, and Mr. TThe next day when

lot of money, too, and I should Editor said to me as we stopped on Mr. Editor, I received the three

know. You don't drink or smoke, the sidewalk, "If you are not in a promised letters of recommendation

so you save money. Now, please hurry, come in here with me for a to top publications. So I addressed

dash up to the park and grab as few minutes, then I will continue him: "Before I accept these letters

I wish to inmany sketches as you can and I'll my walk up Broadway with you. I so graciously given me

I am."His eyessend A.B. up to join you. Rememwish to know more about you and form you who

ber five o'clock is the deadline for your ambitions. I'm always interopened wide with expectation, he

your drawings. So get gotng."ested in people. I have seen a lot waited, all attention. "I am a native

Off I hurried and got about a of them come and go during my of Utah and belong to the Mormon dozen sketches, all the while picking twelve years as reporter and editor Church. If this in any way changes

up breezy news items to pass on in New York. Maybe I can be of matters, I will not present these letto A. B. who did not show up. service to you and help you over ters."

Instead of first returning to the some of the rough spots."Mr. Editor's head flew back and

heartily. he laughed Mormon, "A I folEditor thanked Mr. and I B.'s direct tonewspaper, A. went

I are care don't eh, well you who hotel. into the lowed him we When I hishotel. a found door "do On from. only or came you where The steps, a he few pushed had gone placard. disturb"not had an He

is, in thing counts which York New enter to a door, motioned open me hisice looked head. he on pack As deliver the goods? Take can you first. in beautiful, a were We spark of sketches animaover a my to letters luck you. those good and drinks sparkling were where roomtion notes him. over came made He

I in for with touch am Keep me dispensed. hide. for his saving thankedand me in welfare."interested greatly your will have?"asked was you "What less B. as A. dependable became a seen drawing had who man A half the a bar as reached where we aftertime on, times went and many in of York a reproduced mine New stood. wellgroomed dozen men the thetaking assignments from to traveled magazine Chicago from "I'll mineral water,"some have to to attendeditor a with promise I invited to contact me. York New reply. was my it, failed to so up. was show He to confollowing him two home my this the time bartender was By I disliked seeingvery capable him his hotel. at placed ferences an He attention, to at serve standing readylose his position besides he had and for he a order dozen drawings us. water, and mineral Jim, "One fine fora depending mother him on in a syndicated use to wished new given regular,"the order was my I thesupport. not hustled only advertising had he which campaign, editor. friendly the by forsketches out reached but news It for years. of almost dreamed was his friends to he two Turningitems, time hoping each would A.B. go. to arose mealtime he when We insaid: to allow "Gentlemen, me I himself. grip timeget a Every on for invited dinner. to him remain friend, troduce Mr. newlymade myhelped promised he him would he I said: over meal he The "May is here This Sears. Mr. and Ward his asto drinkingstop attend and I state to delighted that come am Bill is old buddy, Shaw."good my it his to saidsignments. be May is into blessing a a where home

credit, A. B. stopped drinking and We shook hands, and then Mr. asked upon the food. It is so very

steps, took a few back moved Shaw feature writer a top for onebecame I really rare today, joyously am off his toward bowing me hat andof national publicathe large weekly thrilled. folk you come do Where

is off hat you, to exclaimed: "Mytions. from?"

fellow. young who drinks man Any are natives of Salt Lake "We mineral stronger nothing water thanC")N another occasion, after a resi- I replied. City, Utah,"

dence in New York City of six is greatly admired by me."A broad smile swept over his face.

years, a most unusual incident oc- I gave him a weak smile thinking He jumped to his feet, rushed tocurred. I was ushered into the office him not serious, as I remarked: wards me, and took my hand in his

of the editorin-chief instead of the "Mr. Shaw, I accept your kidding two hands so vigorously I winced.

office of the art editor whom I had in the spirit in which it is offered.""Am I correct in believing you

plainly asked for. He asked me to All laughed heartily, except Mr. do not drink?"

return to his office the next day as Shaw, who remained very serious. 'Yes,"was the answer.

he wished to give me some letters "Really, my good man,"said he, "Really this is too wonderful to of introduction to other editors who "please do not misunderstand me. believe. Do you know, I have been

used my type of work. As I reached I have great admiration for any man looking for an artist of your type

the elevator, he caught up with me, who does not drink. Drink wrecked for three long years. My order of

remarking that if I were going up me, and through it I am separated twelve drawings is raised to fifty."

Broadway he would enjoy walking from my lovely family—an outcast. {Concluded on page 172)

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iur< en FROM TEMPLE SQUARE I* By RICHARD L EVANS pROM the time of their earliest unprecludes intelligent action and perderstanding, we wisely assure csLet.Jhere Oe eJLiakt mits fears to multiply! There is alour children that there is no reason most nothing we fear which is so

is there the that darkness fears tell to fear the dark. of and them We in reality bad as our fears mental

it doesn't what even the for the have need nighttime we know—and it. would make the truth Knowing fears find to out. there are Perhaps bring to quiet us refreshing and

is as terrifying seldom fearing as the it time us few of do sleep. not at some who is true that friendly a And

darkness is a welcome and necesfear to face facts. To give but one truth and not knowing it. And so,

sary relief to the glaring light. But example, we sometimes live in fear one resolve to suggest for the days

darkness is only friendly when we of our own physical condition, or of to come would be to seek enlightenknow what lies within it. If we have our supposed condition. We have ment with open minds, to face the

any apprehension that there is heard or read of many maladies, the facts in bur own lives, and in our something unknown there, it can be symptoms of which we fear we have own generation; to search for

anything but reassuring. And there—and we go on living in fear beknowledge and wisdom, for underare other kinds of darkness that cause we fear to know the truth; standing, and for truth; and accept

cause concern besides the darkness whereas, by consulting competent them where we find them. We have

that comes with lack of physical counsel, by learning the truth, by an obligation to know all we can light. There is the darkness that facing the facts, our fears might know concerning our physical and

closes men's minds; the darkness quickly be dispelled. And even if mental and spiritual wellbeing.

that nourishes prejudice; the darkthe worst were true, knowing it "Let there be light!"''

ness that permits men to hate other would permit some intelligent ac-—January 2, 1949.

'men because they don't know them; tion. But not knowing the truths Revised /

"Are you surprised... that after we like them or not. When we wake

in the morning, we are still there such long travel and so many on 9 Mana5 changes of scene you have not been—whether we like us or not. The

able to shake off the gloom and often fail to recognize the source of most persistent thing in life (and, heaviness of your mind? You need our difficulties. What really troubles we have no doubt, in death also) is

a change of soul rather than a many of us is ourselves. And no our own consciousness of ourselves.

change of climate. "1 There are man has ever succeeded in running This being so, there is no more pitimany to whom this might have been away from himself. Everyone who able person tlian he:who is uncomwritten at this very hour. But moves restlessly from place to place fortable in his;own company—no

Seneca wrote it to a friend some and from pleasure to pleasure must matter where he runs, or how fast nineteen centuries ago. It would finally face this fact: Here I am or how far. Sometimes a change of

seem that almost all the people in with myself on my hands. Somesights and of scenes, of people and

the world could be divided into two times and under some conditions it is of places, will help us see more classes: those who are running after possible to escape from many things clearly and help us come back to a something, and those who are run-—from prison walls, from false fresh start. But "the person you are

ning away from something. Some friends, from bad company, from matters more than the place to

have definite objectives, and diliboring people, from old environments which you go,"1 It isn't things that gently pursue them. Some are fugi-—but never from ourselves. When aren't at peace. It isn't places that

tives from false fears. Some are we lie down at night, we are there aren't at peace. It is people who fugitives from their own thoughts. with our own thoughts—whether aren't at peace. And it is people

Some are just running without that we have to learn to live with, knowing what they are running including ourselves and our own after or what they are running away thoughts, wherever we are.

from. But the peculiar thing about—January 9, 1949.

this restless world is that we so 1Seneca, Epistulae Morales, Tr. by Gummere

Copyright, King Features (Continued on page 158)

IJeard from the Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide RADIO NETWORK THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVER SwNDAY AT 11 '30 AM Eastern Time, 10:30 Time, a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain a.m. and 8:30 Pacific Time

MARCH 1949 157 THE SPOKEN WORD {Continued from page 157) \Jn IcaviinnQzqviinna Af fKeputatiipi uon lessness, we may have supposed didn't matter much, often cling as "Deputations are built on many a student, having early in his school stubbornly as nicknames, no matter factors—some of them seemcareer become known as a conscienhow we try to shake them. Certainingly unpredictable. Many men tious scholar, is likely, from then on, ly reputations which are undeserved

have become known for things for to find the going much easier. The will not be the basis of ultimate

which they would never have reverse is also true. An answer from justice or judgment, but the fact reof a student poor repute not bechosen to be known. may Men of many mains that our lives are in some

it is right.talents rated best well even sometimes when become

known for the talents which they This may not be just, in a sense, ways modified by what others themselves esteem the least. It has but it is nevertheless the way it think of us. And once a man gets a

sometimes happened, for example, often works. Good reputation is rating with his fellow men, once he

that actors who would like to be often accepted at face value and gets himself classified in the minds known as great dramatic artists, tends to open up the way, while of others, it is often difficult to get have come to be typed as comedians. poor reputation multiplies difficul- a reclassification. Therefore, to him

life,Likewise there are those whose ties. And young people who, by who is beginning his way in

and to all others, there is wisdomhobbies catch the public fancy, some thoughtlessness or some carewhereas their professional pursuits less conduct, acquire a reputation in these words from scripture: "Ab-1

all appearance from later kind of theare unnoticed. they all but single event would have stain A as as well from evil itself—offorevil,"the life, regret, to arein one's needlessly even though it be cause comseemingly unrelated to all that has plicating their own lives and closing generations have proved that good

gone before and all that follows, doors in their own faces. Fighting reputations are exceedingly perishable, while poor reputations are alagainst or through life an unfavorablemay fix a reputation—desirable most indestructible.

reputation,undesirable. or not, deserved whether Often young people

acquire reputations of one kind or is difficult and discouraging. And—January 16, 1949.

another early in life; for example, some things which, in our thought- 1 I Thessalonians 5:22

\Jn vSelnq )ure Mbowt Jklna& 95 lA/e <JJon t J\k.now direction,we becomewetoocouldpositivesavein ourselvesa wrong

C")ne of the everstartling things hypotheses that have heretofore much trouble if we would remember about humankind is the quality been said to be the last word on the that when two men fundamentally that sometimes permits us to be so subject. Theories are often the disagree in any field of thought or

sure about things we don't know steppingstones to truth, but they learning, either one of them is to be so utterly positive in our opinmust be regarded with reservation wrong or both of them are wrong.

ions, and yet so wrong. History has until greater light comes to credit And when we don't know which,

given examples of uncomus many or discredit them conclusively. Wiswisdom would suggest that we declarations the whichpromising

dom comes when we learn to know reserve judgment and wait forverdict of succeeding generations has found to be in error. Things how much we don't know, and when further findings, for more truth, for

which only yesterday were dogmatwe learn to remember how much more light. With all the endless

ically declared in the classroom and that was accepted as the last word ages there are to unfold before us, elsewhere are being replaced by yesterday is today discarded, and it would seem to be better to wait other theories, which in our day when we realize that many of tofor confirmed facts rather than to are sometimes taught with equal day's theories and positive postuseize too quickly upon fleeting fallacies. is the that "Happy man will discarded will lates tomorrow. be some of whichdogmatism—and findeth the that wisdom, and man in searchings all our and in Constantalso later be discarded. And so, 1

ly there are being challenged, disall our soundings of the truths of getteth understanding."

credited, and abandoned theories life, and of the world we live in,—January 23. 1949.

and suppositions, postulates and and of the universe beyond, before 'Proverbs 3:13

of course, to be right. But, even Sometimes a man who is sure that

it is is right, also of are feel entrenched in truth great he may to other that have LJtnef f-eoples \JiTvniond whenimportancewe to people he or doesn't need know

It is probable that all of us are senthink we are right. And he who igneed to care what others think. Of

sitive to the opinions of other peonores prevailing opinion, right or course, truth doesn't need the opinple. And yet it is not uncommon to wrong, does himself and his cause ion of anyone for its survival. Truth

hear those who say that they don't an injustice. Sometimes a man who is impervious to the opinions of peocare what others think. But in sayhas a strong conviction of the ple. But a man can be the possessor

ing this perhaps they are not quite soundness of his own position asof a great truth and still be very stating the truth; and if they are, sumes that he is justified in withlonely—and his truth be lonely with

perhaps they are not so wise as they drawing himself and saying that he him. What other people think is

might be. It is of first importance, doesn't care what others think. {Concluded on page 1 74

158 THE IMPROVEMENT EPA THE

HEART THROBS OF THE WEST dents. Wendell B. Anderson, Instructo search for his father. Timothy, the

( Kate B. Carter. $2.50 a volume. State tor in Political Science, Utah State lad who loved Paul, and the story of

Capitol, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.) Agricultural College, the earlyday Christians also figure

T)arents need to bring to their chilprominently in this engrossing storyl.

dren historical incidents, stories, THOMAS JEFFERSON The story of how Christianity grows and facts that will make them proud of (Frank and Cortelle Hutchins. in the hearts of the early converts;

their heritage. The Daughters of the Longmans, Green and Company, serves to impress anew the vigor of:

Utah Pioneers have done a phenomenal New York. $2.50.) Christ's doctrine. Full of adventure

work in collecting, editing, and pub- '"Phis story of the life of one of the and mystery, the story should appeal

. M. C. /,.lishing nine volumes of this intensely truly great presidents of the United to all active boys and girls

iinteresting and valuable material, States is one of courage and work. His

1 father young Thomas died when diligence, the historicalthanks to the was THE HEART REVEALED only fourteen of age. years He sudindefatigable the labor ofsense, and

Press, Feusner. (Rutheda Dierkes The family, of the denly the head became B. Carter, a phehas doneKate who pages/ 48 $2.00.) sisChicago. six consisted of his mother, which vital in collecting thesenomenal work

strike love a responsive poems HPhese ters, brother. and immedi- a baby He heritage.contributions to our

These books should be in the homes ately changed to a less expensive chord in the heart of the reader, in for has universal the author become his education, continued usable. are toif they be truly What school—but

in poetry. her a while the rhythm Once finally graduating with commendations will present excellent theyan make

falters, unusual, imagery but the is so the College from of William and Mary. good you can do how much—and that engrossing the reader overlooks his prepso from His great work resulted if families yourselvesfor and your

or the one yolume This two lapses. aration it will point to a buy makeyou

gift for it.—M. C. /. will & a welcome make book—and if time,these at a books, volume one

i 1 addition valuable library, to the home BLUE DOWRY right set the entire buyyou cannot },now. They make excellent birthday (Florence Maule Updegraff. Illus- -M. C.

and anniversary presents. The purtrated. Harcourt, Brace and

Company, New York. will enable the books of thesechase RECIPES FOR TWO 1948. 271 pages.$2.75.) Glass. to Pioneers (Mary Lou of theDaughters Utah John Wiley & Sons,

obtain sufficient money to complete "The Junior reading course book for New York. 1947. 387 pages. $3.00.)

their building which will mean so much this year, this book will do much iDor the new bride or the older womto the Church and the state as a museto make a provocative restatement of an whose family has now left the um of choice heirlooms which otherthe ideals of mankind. Elizabeth Branhearthside, this will be equally valuwise might be lost. M. C. J. don at first was inclined to think that able, stressing as it does the importhe English side of the question was all tance of food to create energy and to

THE WESTERN that mattered until she had some provide protection for the body. PropPOLITICAL QUARTERLY straight talk from Hester Willett who erly, the first section deals with menu

HPhe Western Political Quarterly aponly "wanted a chance."How Elizaplanning, and the second with shopproached its first anniversary with beth came to recognize the value in ping for food. The illustrations of

cuts are particularly meat and good 1, ofthe issuance Volume Number ideals the 4, these value of and work helpful bride.; will prove to the youngin quarterly is pubThis December. a story well reading. makes worth chapter will substitutes The on meat Institute of thelished Government by C. J. the- M. prove helpful most economical. and in cooperaof the Universityof Utah

tion with the Western Political Science BOY OF THE WILDERNESS The other sections are good, too, inAssociation. ( Emma Pettey. Illustrated. Broadman cluding recipes for soups, salads,

The Western Political Quarterly Press, Nashville, Tennessee. breads, vegetables, and fruit dishes.publishes original contributions in polit171 pages. $2.00.)—M. C. jfj

ical science and related fields, dealing HPhese stories of the Old Testament particularly with those problems of the happenings make vital the mesON THE LIMITS OF POETRY

West which at the same time have a sages of the scriptures. Old Gether (Allen Tate. Swallow Press and Wilnational and international appeal. told these twelve stories to his two liam Morrow. New York. 1948

Editorial notes and book reviews serve grandchildren, "Who were to inherit 379 pages. $4.00.)

a similar purpose, while a section enthe land that he had suffered so much TfHE author of this volume is a recogtitled "News and Notes"gives more to win,"nized poet in his own right, and it intimate information about the work To modernday children the stories is entirely fitting that his essays dealing and activities carried on in the West will gain much of verity and of vividwith poetry should be made available by political scientists and public offiness because of their being presented to those interested in the reading and cials. The Western Political Quarterly in the conversational and concrete writing of poetry. But the book inis the vehicle for the interchange of manner.—M. C. /. cludes more than that, for there are

views of members of the Western several chapters that deal with writing

Political Science Association and SECRETS OF OLD STORMY of fiction and the place of the imaginaothers interested in political affairs. (Elsie Grant Henson. Illustrated. tion in writing. Several chapters also

Dr. F. B. Schick of the University Broadman Press, Nashville, Tennessee. deal with recognized writers.

of Utah is managing editor. The an1948. 168 pages. $2.00.) A stimulating book, it is one that

nual subscription is four dollars or HFhis biblical story centers around should be read by all who love poetry three dollars for properly certified stueleven-yearold Reuel who set out or who would write it. -M. C. J.

MARCH 1949 159

Dr. John A. Widtsoe has written: "The right

Guides to Good Government to choose for himself what he will believe and do pROM the complexities of everyday living, and the is the choicest possession of every intelligent man and woman. The unhindered exercise of this right

total wars and rumors of wars over the years, is freedom.

several forms of government have arisen and are "In Latterday Saint terminology this is struggling for place and power in the world today.

the right of free agency, which is valued above

There are those who are saying that democracy all else, for it insures a membership which thinks has failed arid that in socialism lies the hope of and acts for itself and stands upon its own convicthe world. Others insist that communism points

of this basic law, Because and conclusions. the way to Utopia. "Democracy is still the right tions is diametrically to tyranny opposed the Church

way,"answer others. What are we to believe? dictatorships of any form or under any name, thator

Guides have been given to Latterday Saints enslave the minds and actions of men."(Gospel

whereby we may know, even in the midst of the Interpretations, p. 65.) confusing conflicts between the ideologies, the way Any government that takes away the freedom to good government. In modernday scripture, we which God gave man, is not "good."

read; Another guide is: "There is a law, irrevocably

"According to the laws and constitution of the decreed in heaven before the foundations of this people, which I have suffered to be established, world, upon which all blessings are predicated rights profor the should maintained and be and blessing from God, any when "And we obtain flesh, holy to tection of all according just and it it is to that obedience law is by upon which principles;

predicated."(D. &.C. 130:2021.) "That every man may act in doctrine and prinGood governments, therefore, must be built upon

ciple pertaining to futurity, according to the moral righteousness, just as good lives of individuals that every him, unto which I have given agency built righteousness. be must upon A righteous in sins the for be accountable may his own man rightthe person keeps of God. commandments A of judgment. day

is will, in that not eous government do nothing "Therefore, it is not right that any man keeping with the laws of God.

should bondage, one to another. be in And for These are guides to good government, and there

this I established the Constitution have purpose arises there more. questhe many Whenever I are this the land, of of wise hands men by whom tion virtue that of this as to the or system, system

.. this purpose.."(D. raised very unto up & C. the Latterday Saints well to turn to would do

101:7780.) There are two keys here: One is that the Conscriptures, wherein lie the answers. D. L. G.

stitution of the United States is an inspired document; the other is that in a "good"government,

man's free agency must be respected. One in Seven

Brigham Young said, "The volition of the creature is free; this is a law of their existence and "/"NE day in seven ought to be enough to learn

the Lord cannot violate his own law; were he to about what happens to you after you die,"a

do that, he would cease to be God. He has placed man wrote recently. And he may have something

life and death before his children, and it is for there if he desires to confine his interests to an them to choose. If they choose life, they receive afterdeath religion. But what of the earththe blessing of life; if they choose death, they must journey? Could not a heaven on earth be built by

abide the penalty. This is a law which has always working with our neighbor for his welfare as well

existed from all eternity, and will continue to exist as for our own? And should this not be the daily

throughout all the eternities to come. Every inaim of everyone?

telligent being must have the power of choice, The happiest men we know count their wealth and God brings forth the results of the acts of not with a dollar sign but with good deeds which his creatures to promote his Kingdom and subthey do and which someone else does for them.

serve his purposes in the salvation and exaltation Surely this pays in contentment, here; and the

of his children. promises are great for such a person hereafter, for

"My independence is sacred to me—it is a he has become "my brother's keeper"; he follows

portion of that same Deity that rules in the heavthe admonition "love thy neighbour as thyself";

ens..."(Discourses of Brigham Young, 1943 for he loves his brother whom he has seen, and

Edition, p. 62.) his God whom he has not seen. A. L. Z., Jr.

M.I. A. Theme 1 94849 "Remember the aabbattt dag tn kwp it lialtj."

Exodus 20:8

I60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H

not a Latterday Saint, and has no claim upon the question about these CXXXlll. What *3s Lsrtfiodow;v- name. There should be no

truths in the minds of Latterday Saints. But

'T'he word orthodoxy is not applicable to Church differences of opinion about the application of a doctrine or practice. Therefore it is seldom doctrine in daily life do not necessarily mean that

used within Church circles. Latterday Saints people are unorthodox. Differences of opinion in

should be careful in speaking about themselves or the use of truth may often lead to helpful discusothers as being orthodox or unorthodox in the sions of life within the Church.

Church. It is not an accurate statement of their The important matter is that Latterday Saints

position. must accept all the fundamentals of the Church.

ization—scientific,Commonly, an orthodoxsocial, ormemberreligious—isof anyoneorganwho Theyof the cannotChurch;choosethey tomustbelieveaccepta certainthem all.doctrineThey

accepts the fundamental principles of the organizacannot select the Church requirements they will tion. One who does not do so, is sometimes called obey; they must conform to all. They who do not

unorthodox, but this is not correct. Since he do so are not unorthodox, they are weak in the

rejects the foundation on which the organization faith. Usually they do not know enough, or their

rests, he really does not belong to the group. wills for righteousness are flabby. It is useless for

Of course, when the foundations, not necesthem to try to escape by calling themselves unsarily rooted in truth, are made by the group, diforthodox. Neither can they say that their rights

ferences in opinion may properly arise, and the as free agents have been violated, for the acceptcontending parties may with some propriety be ance of truth is one of the limitations under which called orthodox or unorthodox. Likewise, though free agency operates.

the foundation be accepted, some may hold that it There are, of course, many persons, sometimes should be applied in one way, others in another. among those born in the Church, who are honestly

He who differs with the regulations of the organseeking to win for themselves testimonies of the ization often likes to call himself unorthodox, truth of the restored gospel, for people are not when really he is out of harmony with the group, born with a testimony. Such seekers for truth are

playing the part of the "lone wolf."Those of the treading the road at one time followed by every

Church who call themselves unorthodox generally believer that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God.

use the word to cover the fact that they are out Their course is praiseworthy. They are not unof harmony with the established and accepted orthodox. Happily, the gospel lends itself to

regulations of the Church. searching and testing; it never fails the seeker if

However, when the foundation rests on truth, correct methods are followed.

there can be little contention. One cannot quarrel To summarize: They who accept basic docwith truth. Two and two make four; there is trines of the Church are not orthodox; they are

light by day and there is darkness by night. This believers. They who deny the truth of the fundarose is red to the eye, that one is yellow. Such mentals of the restored gospel are not unorthodox

facts must be accepted; there is neither orthodoxy members of the Church; they are unbelievers.

nor unorthodoxy about them. They who have not yet found the truth, but are

For example, Christians who do not believe in earnestly seeking it, are on the way and will find the divine mission of Jesus Christ, and his resurtruth. They who say that they believe the gospel,

rection after the crucifixion—basic facts of Chrisbut prefer to choose the principles and practices tianity—are not Christians at all. They should not they shall follow, are weak members of the Church,

claim the name. But, if their differences hinge on who should turn to repentance.

opinions concerning the very nature of Jesus, or A testimony, that is a certain knowledge of the on the exact manner of his resurrection, neither truth of the gospel, is a priceless possession. It

fully understood—they cannot justly be called unmay be won by all. The steps are simple. 1. There

orthodox. They may only need to be taught that must be a strong desire for truth. 2. The gospel

the universe is filled with things we do not fully must be studied. 3. The principles of the gospel

know. At the worst, they may be spoken of as must be practised, that is, tried out. 4. All the

foolish people who seek to unravel mysteries yet while the seeker must pray for help from God.

closed to the human mind. Then the testimony will come, often as a burning

It is so in the Church. A person who does not light. Unless this procedure is followed, one has

believe that Joseph Smith saw and heard God no right to express an opinion about the truth of the Father, and his son Jesus Christ, or that he principles or practices of the Church. The word

received revelations for the Church, or that he orthodox is really foreign to the language of Lattranslated the Book of Mormon from engraved terday Saints. No one should call himself unplates delivered to him by a heavenly being, is A. W. orthodox.—/.

MARCH -1949 161 Even her first several pictures have

You Can Find the Time been good enough to make younger artists sit up and take notice. What

wealth of she fun would have Dm Areien J5. r/eal a

if missed, sat she'd back and complained, "I wish I had time to learn

Avery busy friend of mine has a to paint!"

distinguished record of achievements. At every turn she is met A ll of us establish habits, whether

with the question, "Where do you we are aware of it or not. Those

ever find the time to do all the who fit hobbies and ambitions into things you do?"She routinized her their schedules have had to establish

habits of industry ki order to do it. answer to "I cannot find it—I just

have to make time."She goes on to The reverse, or dallying, habit

explain that she skips dusting some seems to become fixed more easily days and folds many things from than an industrious one. Fiddle

her clothesline without ironing. She along, reading this or that, chatting,

picks up her knitting needles when and daydreaming, and soon the she must wait, and does a few more days are composed of just those serves six rows on a sweater. She schedules things. We go to bed at night with

her days flexibly enough to permit nothing to show for our time. Habits

Next time you go shopping rememinterruptions without their destroyof achievement, though not quite so delicious, fullflavor ber Par-T-Pak beverages. They perk you up with ing her day's plan. In all these little easy to form, are just as definitely

honestto-goodness fullflavor refreshways she makes time. grooved into the day's pattern. ment! Try Par-T-Pak!

Another of her answers is, "The Those who want something badiV)0 dy likes more I have to do, the more I do."ly enough peg onward toward their

This is true of most of us. That is goal without permitting distractions

why the busy accomplish so much, to interfere. They have learned to

yet seem always able to manage to forget or lay aside everything that do one more thing. It should give would be a side issue, everything

all of us hope, because whatever we that would slow them down in their want to do most, we can find time chosen route.

for; nor discouragements, nor obTwo of my classmates have sucstacles, nor low budget, nor age will ceeded as novelist and concert mudeter us if we are determined sician. They are constantly surGINGER ALE enough. prised at the number of people who

ROOT BEER ORANGE One extra busy neighbor of mine just wish they could find time to confided to me that she gathers write or who would love to go on

Nehi Beverage Co. of Utah momentum the night before by laywith their music but don't see how

OGDEN—SALT LAKEPROVO ing out a plan for the next day just you keep up your music, for they

before she goes to sleep. This is just never find the time.

probably an occasional and casual "They seem to forget,"one of practice for many people, especially these classmates explained to me,

if things, extracurricular it genand is intentional her and with PROFITABLE DAYS but % preceding a particularly busy day, "that the desire to do creative things is uine It merely and strongrooted, the regular. helps her to get up in jjl AHEAD FOR

morning all ready to rush into the whetted by a certain amount of reday's activities, knowing just what sistance or postponement, that does not continue too long."% OUISH comes next. In that way, more time

the leisure for her remains when to pick GRADUATES up your you want When *"J Capitalize on QUISH tasks are essential done. stool easel out rush and and camp * training You'll nowl be a

'competent beautician when in her friend at the the dear to a very the to or lake garden I have

I graduated. proQUISH

vides with you technical to sixties. foot of wanted the hill, always has but must She you do

and knowledge gained ENROLL little finish things, the several then twenty in 24 some has and paint. She SEND FOR NOW skillFREE years.CATALOG TODAY! as grandchildren dishes, several things the those her of and friends

T SCHOOL OF music pupils, full care of several dishes are done "in nothing flat,"

BERUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN f pieces of real estate, yet she has and the importance of the picture to i begun taking lessons in oil painting. be sketched becomes greater with I

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the waiting necessary. If there were

nothing to do all day but the picture, it might be a mild desire, and remain so. A radio program would

probably interfere, a magazine story to be read first, and perhaps a long phone call would have to be made to a friend, until this series of trivia had crowded the picturemak- ing entirely out of the day's events.

The really busy person's desire for his paintbrushes would mount as he checked off the sprinkling, put the roast in the oven, mended Daddy's shirt, and finally finished those essential dishes. But the golden

moment for the picture painting would be earned at last, made more and more desirable by the struggle that had intervened before its realization.

Pick your goals. If they are important enough to you, no matter

how busy you really are, you will find a way. Many people may hope

to reach the same goal, but the most busy are the most likely actually to find time for it. Remember that

habits of industry are a good steppingstone to the goal you choose.

The more you have to do, the more you will do. Age, poverty, and obstacles don't stop desire that isstrong enough. A certain amount of All work

postponement merely whets desire, making us more eager to attain our goals after struggling through the..intervening tasks that held us off. and I\o FelsNaptha

"I'm not the complaining kind, goodness knows...

but it does seem as though some one in this house would think about me once in awhile.

"Nobody works any harder than I do... week after

week... washing the family's clothes...with never so

much as a ''thank you or a pat on the wringer.

Josephine B. Nichols "I'm not choosy, either... whatever they hand

... fine linens; the ladies'lingerie; Junior's Recipes for Canned Vegetables me

grubby play suits; the Boss's work clothes...

'"Phis of is the time year to take an I get the dirt out—somehow. of inventory bottled your and

it's about time I had canned fruits and vegetables, which "Seems to me remain upon your pantry shelves. some capable help on this job. After

Budget their use so you will have all, I don't ask for too much...

variety from day to day, until canning just some FelsNaptha Soap."

time comes again.

Green String Bean Creole Go/c/en 6ar or Go/c/en c/?0s

1 onion sliced 1 tablespoon butter 1 cup canned tomatoes Yi bay leaf FelsNaptha x/2 teaspoon salt Y2 green pepper, diced 1 whole clove 6cmisfies"7aff/e-7a/e fGrmd 1 teaspoon sugar 1 No. 2 can string beans..—erf

{Concluded on page 164) MARCH 1949 m Career Training for Business Cook's Corner

Fully qualified by staff, equipment, and experi- (Concluded from page 163) ence, the L.D.S. Business College can give you Combine all ingredients except the beans,

the best possible training for a promising busiand simmer for fifteen minutes. Remove

ness or civil service career the bay leaf and clove, add the beans and

Inquiries welcomed anytime. heat thoroughly.

Vegetable Omelet

4 eggs, separated Yi teaspoon salt 34 cup milk 1 tablespoon margarine

Beat egg whites until stiff. Beat egg

yolks until thick and lemoncolored. Add

salt and milk, gently fold in the egg whites. Heat margarine in frying pan.

Add egg mixture. Cook over low heat

for about three minutes or until it puffs up. Place pan in a moderate oven (350F)

and bake for ten to fifteen minutes. Then

cut about halfway down, across the center of the omelet. Remove to a hot

platter. Cover half of omelet with vegetable filling, fold other half over top.

Cover with remaining filling and serve at once.

Vegetable Filling

2 tablespoons fat 1 small onion How to Make 2 cups cooked, minced vegetables 2 cups medium white sauce Canned Cream Soup fat, add NYLON While omelet is cooking, melt

celery, diced beans, vegetables—peas, other tops, or any diced carrots, asparagus Underwear onion and simmer for five minutes. Add

vegetable. Heat thoroughly. Combine

with white sauce. Serve very hot. NOW AVAILABLE

Chicken and Tuna Shortcake for 1 7-oz. can tuna

1 cup chicken Y2 cup sliced mushrooms butter Menand 2 tablespoons When instructions for the 2 tablespoons minced green pepper preparation of condensed 2 tablespoons diced pimento 1 grated onion tablespoon call for soups Women canned salt 1 teaspoon use milk, cream or water, it \ x/i cups medium white sauce Write lis for Morning Milk undiluted—just as

comes from the can. Then taste the difBiscuit mix for shortcake

[Particulars ference! Doublerich Morning Milk

adds extra smoothness, extra richness Melt the butter and cook the mushrooms to cream soups that everyone loves! and green pepper in it for five minutes.

pepper, and remaining mushrooms, green in all use smoothrich Milk Morning SALT LAKE Take a tip from famous cooks—Heat white sauce in double boiler, add ingredients. Heat thoroughly. recipes cream. calling for milk or

Shortcake KNIT* Always Use 2 cups biscuit mix

melted fat 36 South Main MORNING J/? cup milk

fork. using mix, Turn liquid into Stir

gently. and knead floured board on Salt Jbake City, Utah MILK out

Pat onehalf of the dough into greased, round eightinch pan. Brush with melted

L. D. S. HEADQUARTERS P fat. Cover with remaining dough to make

4 IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA a second layer. Bake in hot oven (450F)

for fifteen to twenty minutes. When done,

YE KINGS REST MOTEL separate layers. Spread onehalf chicken,

526 SOUTH 5th STREET tuna mixture over lower layer. Cover

B. Foutz, Dr. Harold remaining layer, spread and top Owner with H. Foutz, Edgar Manager heated with top. Serve over mixture

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout canned asparagus and diced beets.

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

STARKIST TUNA TAMALE RING Safety—a Family Affair

By Bertha Tingey Thewillthemebe emphasizedfor home fromsafetyMarchweek 27 through April 2—and it is

high time to make it a family affair when we learn that last year 1 1,000 boys and girls from one to fourteen years of age met death through accidents, one half of them occurring in their own homes and yards, largecarelessness and negadultly from J 71 less One dish serves 6 for $?. addition, 3,000 babieslect. In

cidents—whichthan a year old dieddoesbecausenot includeof acyou'reChoosesureStarKistto agreeTunait's thefor finestthis recipe,you've

those who were permanently inever tried! StarKist's milder flavor and finer

jured or disabled. texture make all tuna recipes taste better.

Safety in the home can best be attained by enlisting the cooperation STARKIST TUNA TAMALE RING SOLID BUY PACK OR oil style salad tbsps. corn 2 cups cream It is 2 the family. ofof all members

1 salt teaspoon cornmeal yellow 1 cup STYLE GRATED CHUNK family 1 will become that each onion tbsps. 8-oz. can 3 saucehoped tomato chopped

...STARKIST QUALITY 2 eggs chopped green 4 tbsps. and eliminate safety consciousmore cup milk pepper % IS THE SAME! practicesall hazards and unsafe

from the home. Parents must teach greasedCombineringingredientsmold. Placeininorderpan ofandhotturnwaterintoand wellbake

children habits of safety, but no in 325oven 1-hr., or until done. Make 2 cups of wellFREE TUNA RECIPE BOOK

amount of teaching will be effective seasoned white sauce (or heat one lOoz. can cream Economical, kitchentested tuna

unless Father and Mother teach by of mushroom soup); add one 7-oz. can StarKist recipes. 24page booklet! Write

example obedience to safety rules. Tuna.Fancy UnmoldSolid Packring (oron plate.New FillChunkcenterStylewith Grated)hot tuna StarKistTuna.California, DepartmentTerminal3EIsland,

If parents cross the street against mixture. Serves 6 generously.

the light, the children will take the same chance. Little daughter will

not use a safe stepstool if she sees

Mother using a wobbly box or chair to reach a desired object.

The papers are full of stories of broken lives: the unloaded shotgun

that blew off Johnnie's foot; the disinfectants which killed because

they were not kept beyond reach;

the sharp knives and scissors that wounded; pools and irrigation

ditches unscreened and unguarded;

unguarded electric units; scalding

water left within reach of baby while Mother answered the telephone.

The safety council wants you to safeguard your loved ones, and has prepared articles and pamphlets that parents and children should read. Calmness, common sense, and

good housekeeping are all preventives of accidents.

VACANCY

By Inez H. Kenner

IWTom! oh, Mom!"he shouts in glee

L* And bounds the steps by two to me An empty grin, a pearly shell—

"My tooth is out"he's come to tell.

Seems yesterday his dad and I Watched for that tooth with anxious eye

Until, proud hour, when it came through.

His baby days have been so few!

MARCH 1949 165

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

New Prices for Priesthood TWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY,

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG,

Lesson Supplies ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE"P\ue to increased printing costs and

the establishment of materially recently, rates postalhigher the PRIESTHOOD QUORUM AID IN ECONOMIC WELFARE has announced CompanyDeseret Book an advance in the selling price of Nothing will make the quorum member time these workers should be particuthe Melchizedek Priesthood lesson think so much of his standing in the quolarly counseled and encouraged to do course outline and the Documentary rum as the interest that may be shown the everything possible for themselves and

History of the Church. New prices unfortunate member by his associate brethto hold on to employment they already

in real bringing in happiness to ren him outline, lesson basicfor the "Church to have. not advised should be They

care take that the can a knowledge man Series Revelation,History and Modern to to another or job change from one his family of a himself he has because andIII,"will copy. be 40c a Volumes in for privileges or take unwise ask to opportunity a or or farm job has an he the History of;of the Documentary is It their present employment. much living. his earn own text, lesson is the whichChurch, now easier for to hold help the him quorum therefore function in a can quorum The

sell each. for $2.00 find to job his present than emnew in effective assisting the most Church way

in a solution of these individual problems. ployment for him. However, the

(Melvin J. Ballard, The Improvement eventual goal should be to place as

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO Era, 40:510, 514.) many of these brethren as possible in

COLUMN small businesses where they will have

Conducted by ]U[uch can be done to encourage the the independence and security resulting

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill spirit of brotherhood within priestfrom selfemployment.

hood quorums providing an effective A number of suggestions for fields

Why Smoke? means of helping our brethren to be of selfemployment in which the quoself-sustaining in the fullest sense of rums may render invaluable service to

a "\T7hy not smoke?"is possibly the the word. Some quorum members find those requiring placement are listed

way many young people would themselves in favorable economic cirherewith prefer to have the question stated, but cumstances while others do not. The

all are all for them; ofnot boys who recently priesthood inaugurated emSuggestions Project distinguish themselvesambitious to affords placement an in ployment program

will theirathletic sports coaches know excellent insuring for the ecomedium food, sunPackaging of Commodities: for smoke, tonot permit them and

good reasons. Actual experience and nomic welfare of all quorum members. dries, produce

careful experiments, scientifically conCompetitive industrial establishments Personal and Community Services: drayducted, have convinced all reasonable are terminating the employment of man; taxi; errands; recreational services;

minds, familiar with the facts, that elderly persons and the physically ground keepers; mobile library; reading

smoking is a handicap to athletic handicapped workers in increasing room service in schools, churches, and pubachievement; and so keen is competinumbers. In addition to these two lic library

tion these days in the field of athletics groups which need full or parttime Repair Services: furniture, appliances,

that no school coach or ambitious boy jobs, there are members needing suphomes, furnaces, machinery, automobiles would take chances with handicaps. plementary income to meet expenses of Sales: sell on consignment, house to

In what way, one may ask, does toincreased living costs, expenses of house sales and services, selection and sale here Well, handicaps? producebacco in atof choice seeds, toy making the field, a missionary keeping

: it affects injuriously ofare them a few

inciat tendance expense school and the circulatory system, heartthe and lungs and respiratory system, the brain dent to sickness as well as those who Nearly every home has occasional and mental powers, the nervous sysneed jobs providing greater security. needs for extra services to be pertem, and kidneys and elimination Priesthood quorums should meet this formed which, if pooled and made

organs, and the muscular system, thus situation through assisting their memavailable to the members of the priestin many ways weakening the body bers whenever possible to get estabhood, would go a long way toward with the result that it is less resistant lished in small businesses where they providing extra earnings for those in to diseases of various kinds. Hence, might exercise more control over their need of supplemental incomes. Priestlive average, from nonsmokerson an excellent provide hood quorums an with inFarmers own employment. smokers, than longer ten years totwo classifying for pooling and sufficient medium to acreage should be helped

it proved Raymondso by Dr. was

Pearl of Johns Hopkins University get more land. These prosperous days such information.

when he studied the life history of offer our greatest chances to solve In the April issue of The Improvenearly seven thousand persons between many of these problems while numerment Era will be published an occupathe ages of thirty and seventy years ous employment and business opportional placement chart showing variwho carried insurance in one of the tunities are available. ous resources for occupational inforbig life insurance companies of the Elderly workers and those with mation. Each of these resources will be

United States. In addition, smoking physical handicaps are cautiously condiscussed in detail as a means of enablof Jesus of the Church membersby sidered for employment. Priesthood ing quorums to understand the many Saints has harmChrist of Latterday

ful spiritual effects. It hurts their quorums should solicit employers to possibilities presented. Brethren will do

Church activity. extend work opportunities to such perwell to study these suggestions and

{Continued on page 170) sons so far as practicable. At the same then put them into operation.

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Know Your Priesthood Line of Authority

An authoritative priesthood forms several offices and callings. Sacred comes a valuable heritage for all who

the foundation of the Church of scriptures attest the existence of this may be ordained subsequently.

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. In priesthood power beginning with To members of the priesthood Elder

the light of the restored gospel it is Father Adam and existing in the variJohn A. Widtsoe of the Council of

plain that none among the children of ous dispensations of time. the Twelve, has made this stirring

men at the present time possesses the challenge and appeal:

Holy Priesthood, with divine authorAnd thus all things were confirmed unto ity to administer in the ordinances of Adam, by an holy ordinance, and the Brethren of the priesthood! Dream the

into gospel. of the great dream Look forth, sent decree preached, a and reGospel have those gospel, except whothe

to future, learn the understand your own until it the world, in that the be should the through ordinations theirceived Israel, of in princes house the as places... Price, of (Pearl Great thereof. end whose men by of handslaying on rescuing world, the of ultimate redeemers 5:59.) Moses calldivine the rest uponcommissions its financial, economic, and from mankind in Priesthood, was which this same Now This Smith. Joseph Propheting the of difficulties. social the in of world shall end beginning, be the

it that is every desirable case, thebeing resolution and set with about Then, (Ibid., also. 6:7.)

priest, high patriarch, for the apostle, to yourselves work prepareprophet, power seventy, elder, bishop, priest, teacher, that needs to be done, and in which you and deacon in the Church should be In an effort to show graphically the must take a part.

able to trace the priesthood they hold priesthood line of authority through If we give ourselves with all our might us, as will such pictures, to Karl Elder Lord, the come Weiss power to appropriate Joseph, Prophet the throughback shall bebefore. not have known developed City, has we Salt Utah, of Weto Lake finaland and John, Peter, James,either

to acceptable before and mighty men come porpriesthood effective simple but a Christ or to John Jesus ly the to Lord our God. is reprothis trait pedigree. page On Baptist. the the received priesthood have the In we of Elder a such duced pedigree—that Christ of true Jesus Church In the gifts. should longer greatest of we No of the Council of Benson Ezra Taft activities and in theparticipation looking downward. with eyes our walk

blessings of the priesthood is not the Twelve Apostles. counting the stones on the pavement, but

limited to any select or trained group. The preparation of such a pictorial we must look upward to the sky, into

All worthy male members over twelve priesthood pedigree is both interesting the future, to the ultimate salvation of years of age may be ordained to the and valuable. Once completed it behumanity and the glory of God.

Line of Priesthood Authority

EZRA TAFT BENSON was ordained an Apostle October 1, 1943, by Heher J. Grant.

HEBER J. CRANT wavordained an Apostle October 16, 1882, by

George Q. Cannon.

GEORGE Q. CANNON was ordained an Apostle August 26, 1860,

by Brigham Young.

BRIGHAM YOUNG was ordained an Apostle February 14, 1835.

under the hands of the three witnesses, Oliver Cowdery,

David Whitmcr and Martin Harris "who were blessed by the laying on of bands of the Presidency (Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon and Frederick G. Williams) to choose the Twelve

Apostles"; D. & C, 18:37; History of the Church, Vol. 2,

pp. 187188) after which the Presidency laid their hands

upon them and confirmed their blessings and ordinations.

JOSEPH SMITH and OLIVER COWDERY received the Mel chizedek Priesthood in 1829 from Peter, James and John.

PETER,- JAMES and JOHN were Apostles and angelic ministers of the Lord Jesus Christ, chosen and ordained by Him (John 15:16).

EZRA TAFT

BENSON

PRES.

HEBER J. GRANT

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET

GEORGE Q. CANNON SIDNEY RIGDON

FREDERICK G. WILLIAMS DAVID WHITMER PRES. BRIGHAM YOUNG

Prepared by Karl Weiss

MARCH 1949 167

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP

OUTLINE OF STUDY

1949 APRIL

the Teach Truth rejBiamy "TThe third in this series, "Teach the wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best

Truth,"this lesson will be devoted Ward Teaching Is Important books words of wisdom; seek learning, even

to a further discussion of the question by study and also by faith. (D. > C. 88:

"What is Truth?"118.)

Last month we learned that "... the

word of the Lord is truth"(D. & C. When we visit the families in our dis84:45) and that, in addition to his own tricts we live up to this admonition.

direct personal utterances, the word of President Joseph F. Smith once said:

the Lord comes to us through I don't know of any duty that is more... the mouth of his holy prophets, Kenneth Alford sacred, or more necessary, if it is carried

which have been since the world began out as it should be, than the duties of the (Luke 1:70) teachers who visit the homes of the people,

who pray with them, who admonish them and through the inspired utterances of to virtue and honor, to unity, to love, and ordained leaders in this dispensation. to faith in and fidelity to the cause of Zion:

(D. &C. 68:4.) who strive to settle uncertainties in the

In a revelation given through the minds of the people and bring them to the that of the standard they should knowledge in Smith Prophet the 1833, Joseph (Excerpts address from an Christ. in the by Kenneth possess gospel of Jesus (Gosthe perhaps concise Lord gave most Alford, a priest, before a wardteach- ed., pel Doctrine, 189.) 1939

and the most comprehensive definition ing convention of the Ogden and Ben of truth ever spoken: Lomond stakes.) Ward teaching is important because

( 1 ) it And truth is knowledge of things as they "\T7ard teaching is important because it brings a twofold blessing;

blessing brings to the of a members are, to as they as are and were, they and it the takes into gospel the homes the receive teachers the and ward who (D. come. C. 93:24.) & the of people, to helps create and an

their listen to it brings a message; (2) of atmosphere in love peace the and is of the revelation language The blessing to teachers. that the joy The

it It is needed. where home has been significant. particularly as words, is The to beautithe teachers very comes

that rises the level no nation above to said they are they are—as they were—as of its homes. being true, This we, fully expressed in the following words rule to conjecture, leave nothing come,

out all marginal or fringy opinion in as ward teachers, perform a service to And if it so be that you should labor all the teaching of truth. Things as they our country as well as to the Church your days in crying repentance unto this

are, as they were, and as they are to when we do our duty. people, and bring, save it be one soul unto

is important because me, how great shall be your joy with him come, are factual, and facts and truth Ward teaching the the Father! Lord and Church leaders have in the kingdom of my are synonymous—one and the same

it. instructed us to joy will be great with now, if your do And thing.

soul that one me, unto brought have you has instructed us: Lord The application of this definition of The

into of the Father, great kingdom how my truth the responsibilities to of the if as will all have bring not faith, seek should And be joy your you ye dilimany teacher in the Church, makes it incumgently and teach one another words of souls unto me! (D. & C. 18:1516.)

bent upon him that he stay out of the field of uncertainty and speculation, and scrupulously confine his efforts to the teaching of truth—things as they able as guides to those called to teach

are, as they were, and as they are ro in the Church. Challenging Records

come, as applied to the gospel of Jesus The twentyfourth verse is a pointed

Christ. statement defining truth, and constitutes

Let us examine the succeeding verse an infallible yardstick by which we in this same revelation and observe may measure the truth or the error of how carefully the Lord points up his everything we teach. Put the Lord's

definition of truth as recited above: definition to the test and teach only

that which stands firm and immovable

And whatsoever is more or less than this under its searching powers.

spirit ofis the that wicked one who was a Observe carefully the remarkable liar beginning. the from

twentyfifth verse; it brings into sharp

The more or less than this in the focus the definition of truth in verse above quotation places specific limitatwenty-four, and in the same referential Arell Christensen Kay Don Christensen tions on that which may be taught as language, describes the direct opposite truth within the Church, arid serves of truth. Brothers, Arell, a priest, and Kay Don, a teacher,

notice on the teacher of false docIf we had no other outline of our Preston Sixth Ward, Franklin (Idaho) Stake, have trine that he is proceeding under the responsibilities as teachers of truth in justrecordcompletedat priesthoodtwo yearsmeeting,with a sacramentperfect attendancemeeting, influence of "the spirit of that wicked the Church than the word of the Lord, Sunday School, and Y.M.M.I.A. Both young men are

one who was a liar from the beginthe subject of this lesson, we would Wisdom,full tithepayers and carefully observe the Word of ning. be left without a single defense, or In addition to the above records, Arell is a ward

teacher and assistant organist in School, excuse, Sunday scriptures, for 93:24- (D. even the teaching C. These anyof &

is organist Don while Kay for the ward priesthood is Lord, are invaluthing not L. the truth which25), the word A. P. of the meeting.

1<S8 THE IMPROVEMENT'ERA"Cdited bu <JLee M. j-altmet1 aopii

L.D.S. Girls

Training Chorus Leaders The Woman I Want to Be /Considerable effort is being put forth by the music staff of the Presiding Tithing—a Standing law

Bishop's Office in preparing outlines '"Phrough the Prophet Joseph Smith, and supplemental material for the muthe Lord instructed the members of the Aaronic withinsic department tithing principle of that the the Church the stake of departmentPriesthood forever. unto them standing law "a BETTY inis meeting. leadershippriesthood The.".. LAWRENCE 119:4.) (D. &C.

is pertinent outlines in theseformation to the work of stake and ward Aaronic An injunction followed, as set forth

Priesthood choristers and organists and in verses 6 and 7 of the same section:

will be helpful with the problems of chorus organization, maintenance, and And I say unto you, if my people obthe care and training of boys'voices. serve not this law, to keep it holy, and by

me, unto of Zion land the sanctify this law Priesthood the to Aaronic Looking be judgments statutes that may and my my future, the of leadership needsmusic Tate Evelyn Written and Beth by it holy, bethat most be thereon, kept may least at select that bishops suggestwe Lawrence read by Betty and it I shall be Barton,( you, not verily unto hold, say two young men, in addition to the lead- a land of Zion unto you. before a sacrament meeting devoted to

"Ward, the Grantsville to conduct appointeder Second already unto all youth, shall this be an ensample And

Stake.) (Utah) Grantsville promise chorus,boys'who show Zion. so. Amen. of of the stakes Even

leadership ability in music, to attend T want to be the kind of woman peomeetings. departmental monthlythese that with, urge Bishopric a Presiding to seen are ple be proud The prosthese training, of period aAfter provided with. opportunities be get along additional can people person

assistchoristerspective be made may to of the I the of Church kind people for to the be young woman want Priesthood present the Aaronicants to practise learn, confide understand, in without trust and better others and can chorister. little is vitally imtheir tithing a which of of fear knowing the of everyone law that is evidence abundant There gospel. restored peothe part of grievances; portant one secrets or whom leaders in of music are need whowards help, or advice, for consult ple can in girls the enrolled youth and Boys peculiarities of the with conversantare the aid; comfort can one spiritual who freshould the of Church programs Priesthood Aaronic voices.boys'The

grieving. the sick and to assignment the given be quently insowill successful be programmusic

I of the kind to be woman want tithing, thus subject of the upon speak the understand leaders chorusfar as will they to like; one children whom its importance of bringing knowledge a boys'of "wherefores"and"whys"or dress, toy, their new new show new parothers to themselves and to who all to can doing arevoices. we We in is interested enough shoes; one who the of Church. in meetings the ticipate instructions. necessary theprovide We listen about to some boasts to them if of the is feeling that It law our advantage that therefore,recommend, accomthey thing have wonderful openfrequently and tithing more were in taught lessons being the of takenbe

plished. the young ly discussed among and by the within department special musicthe

I of kind the to my be woman want take they the would Church, of people the of department PriesthoodAaronic

I appreciate. want will my friends to abide their opportunity of advantage meeting leadership priesthoodstake they of when proud to me be parents "land the that law,""standing the trained by leaders be music that ampleand

is daughter."our lady "This young all sanctified to of be who say, Zion"may boys'this to conduct mediumthrough

of men the type to woman be I want its redemption. assist inchoruses. that they date knowing to will proud be

can have a lot of fun that is good and evening meeting in place of attending clean and honest.

Questions and Answers the testimony meeting where the sacAt the side of every successful man

Question: Are records of nonmem- rament is administered? there generally stands a good woman,

ber girls enroled in the program to be Answer: No. the type of woman who encourages

apgoals, higher records figuring percentage attain who toused him when is a ward commitQuestion: When

is comup, and he for the Award? Standard Group him plauds when girls organconsidered for L.D.S.

little on girls tee pat that gives him forts Nonmember No. Answer: and as suggested? ized

who so desire may be officially enthe back when he is down.

roled in the program for Latterday Answer: When the bishop feels that I want to be the kind of woman who

Saint girls. However, their activity he has sufficient workers to follow will be able to manage her home and

records are not to be used when figurthrough on the program as outlined by family successfully, beautifully, and ing group percentages, looking to the Presiding Bishopric. Thus in a prayerfully. I want to be a woman

achievement of the Standard Group small ward or branch, the chairman, who is beautiful inside, one who is

Award. The records of nonmember or the chairman and her assistants may Godfearing, one who gets the most

girls are to be considered only for also serve in the capacity of advisers out of life. I want to progress spirituachievement of the Individual Certifibecause of so few available workers. ally, mentally, and physically.- I want

cate of Award. This duplication in responsibilities to be a strong pillar in the Church, an

Question: On fast day, may a girl would not be necessary in an average ideal wife, and a perfect mother. That's

receive credit who attends Sunday or large ward. the kind of woman I want to be.

MARCH 1949 169 {Continued page from University, Fisher 166) NOUOUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN innot fiftyone tobaccoyears at userHarvardhad stoodUniversityat the Dr. Irving of Yale

five of out his class, though of to on of bookcoauthor How It head Live—a habit. destructive self with any tobacco. students used authoritative sixhealth, as recognized and Harvard stone a with is like trying to swim

edito is through has passed overwhelmingwhich many evidence The ball with a neck, to race tied one's is not occasion: that one fact on tobacco the sustaintions—said successful heel. at one's chain and A

it is smart Yes, for for man. good healthy, and strong and be must boy sufficient girls, to exists evidence The now especially and boys everyone, is never boy tobaccodrenched the

that achieve can one smokes noshow who smoke. to not that."

is capable, best of or inthe she which article he reports friend an a Yet mental brain the and to Relative fight, this race, prize foot be Ink, a awhether a of Printers recent number a little is told of a newsstory a powers, rifle tightrope golf walking, a calls attention game,a which magazine, trade his companions tempted by when boy writing, speakscore, the Reich, bombing the for tobacco consultant to a what ridiculed would he to when and smoke violin,ing, acting, singing, a that performing on saying after out, pointed industry replied, this in vice join not them health, of typewriting, attainment propiano, cigarets were percent more 4.6 I to burn going think my you am "Do beaupower,strength, endurance, he working in 1947, when than 1948 in duced just do?"because you The brains out

excellence or onty, glamor, any other said, relatively that boys few facts show hearts. set theirwhich men and women in excellent work do smoke There is considerable room for growth who

school. Dr. O'Shea, a professor at the of the cigaret habit in rural districts, parAthletes know this. It is time that University of Wisconsin, using scienticularly in the Middle and far Western

in otherall to succeed ambitious those areas these in especially the in states. study of 950 school tific methods Women

it also.lines learn should of work to smoke nonsmokers, recently begun to and boys, smokers only found have A factual story is authoritatively a close connection between low menappreciable extent. While reliable statisticsany

told of a cigaretsmoking boy, employtality, physical weakness, moral deare not available for a definite comparison, ed by a printing house, who often had linquency, and cigaret smoking. the per capita consumption among women

stairs in flights of several climbto than late president less in this country is still considerably Dr. Charles W. Eliot, times course of his work.the Many counContinental gave University, once of and certain this in Harvard England

before he reached the top, he would advice to his freshman class: tries.

find himself breathless, panting for air, with his heart beating furiously and My dear freshmen, I want you to reIt surely is true that in the last days his body trembling. The cigaret poison member that tobacco in any form destroys conspiring men use every feasible dein his system had reached his heart. the brain and you have none to spare. vice to promote the consumption of

His employer said to him, "No boy alcohol, tobacco, and other injurious nowadays when business is so strongly In the Literary Digest of August 8, narcotics.

competitive can afford to saddle him1914, is the remarkable statement that (Concluded on page 172)

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

E. Erickson, Grant Walker, T. Glen J. Brady, Allen Shakespeare, Aletha Farmer, L. Glenn row: Sixth Hill. Donald 133) Durrant, page Jay Blair, {Concluded from Frank Hanks, Dale Lincoln Partridge, Beth Willime, George Lyman, Lowell row: Twelfth Anderson, Walter Anderson, C. HOME Ivy MISSIONARY Walker, THE ENTERING Wayne Phillips, MISSIONARIES David Clark, Henry Worlton, liam Jack H. AnKeith Harkness, 15,1948 Russell W. Wilson, DECEMBER D. 6, DEPARTING Ross AND DECEMBER William Tharol Edwards, Floyd Godfrey, E. Evan Thornley. Robert William derson, Nef. A. Lefler, Dwaine White, Hurst, Leon JenPerry first N. row: Max Walter right, left row: to Seventh from Reading B. GomTheron Woodward, Clair row: Thirteenth William Bingham, Kimber Reed Meyers, Brigham H. Bingham, Romriell, Wayne Carl N. W. Kenneth sen, Weed, Richard Romrell, R. Erekson, Dean bles, Jack Carroll, R. Albert Neeley, Bassett, M. Kent L. M. Dick Ashby, Hoover, Richard Ralph Christensen, Kropf, M. Draper, LeRoy Rulon Larson, W. G. David Vivian Metcalf, dinger. Hill, Norma LaVerne King. Marvin LaMar Andrew Richardson, Clyde Edgar Lechtenberg, Alvin Kay Lull Eva Huntington, Moulton. E. Griffin, Wilbur J. Nettie Jane row: Second Heaton. D. Orlande Jensen, B. Dale Rulon Jenks, Gardner, Don C. Essie C. Ray E. row: Haynes, Eighth Lillian Carr, L. Ansen, Fuller, Boyd E. Milton row: Fourteenth B. ThompSeth Hale, L. Nash, H. Lorna Melvin Davidson, Ludlow, A. H. director; Mazie James Colton, Jensen, E. Grant Piltbank, Hews H. S. Maw, B. Grant Foss Ralphs, C. Virgil Querry, L. Barker. Charles son, H. Ramona Owen, Ada S. Gailey, Ferret Thurgood, M. Merl Barrus, J. Neil H. Jolley, Ellgen, Howard Elizabeth Ted W. Ward, Ann Sessions, N. Williams, James LaRue row: Third HerGates, Isom Hugh Chamberlain, Mac Jonathan David Luckau, Gordon Frederick Moody. Crouter, Louise Anna B J. Anderson, Fred Marie Galloway, A. Redd, Amy Ruth Berk Jones, row: R. Clara Ninth Carruth, J Davis, N. Pane Willey, A. Alma row: Fifteenth J. MoulFelix, Newell C. Joseph Parker, Chappell. C. Siebach, Charles Tom Ruth Call, t. Philip Fronberg, C. Charles Tanner, Miller, John W. Darrell George Betty E. Law, Mcintosh, Donald Hall, Y. Barbara Gordon ton row: Fourth Robert McMurray, Glenn Waite, W. G. Ellgen, Max D. Peter Y. Crowther, Perry, Jr., Allene Hillier, Gordon Lyman, Afton M. lla Workman, Hugh Hansen, Wiley V. Can. G Abbott, Norman Bowcutt, Josephine L. H. Abbott, E. Joseph LeFevre, Kirby, David Reg L. WellCharles Fullmer, L. Owen row: Sixteenth Robert Curtis, Max Roger Donald Lloyd. row: Earl A. Tenth Larrabee, lona M. Jackson, S. 0. Harber, R. J. Lowe, W. Alfred ing, Lawrence Monson, M. Jack Johnson, Dale M. Brough, Schiefer, G. Kenneth Boren, A. Charles row: Fifth Nelson. Alfred P. Leon S. Solomon, Charli Redford, ul J. Glyn,..,. Brown, Bingham, D. TT. Neil Keith Muhlestein, G. Fullmer,r Bliss Harold Lee, Melvin Dell J row: Seventeenth S. Preece. Floren Stott, Stanley Johnson, Bench, D. Reid S. Pincock, Paul Jenkins, Garth Hyer, D. Huston Gerber, M. Weldon Austin M. Dalton, James, V. Fugal, S. Thomas Bruce row: Eleventh Venita Jones, P. F. Jones, E. Lenora Johnson, O. Kim Davis. O. Kinghorn, Cecil Olsen, David R. Olsen, Ray L. Roy Capson.

:::mmv'M>:':-H

::-l"::::;'

s riL*, sags*

Im*. K%r ft":

M. L A. ACTIVITIES IN PICTURE

routine minstrel dance song and quarterly number was a Stake Beach the pins at Long Gleaner right: left to to bottom, Top

recogniwhich they with much won fall leader. "Kentucky their Babe"last and conference Stake, Snowflake Junior Winsiow Girlt Ward, of right). (inset, tion. accompanist Beckstrand was Lola first for the Twentysecond the their ceremony fromheld Membership of Bees Rose Honor group A is smallest of the one unofficial Stake The Guam their percent diplomas. attendance. receivedtime, Stake, hundred with Salt one Lake Ward, forty in and Church, the members groups some participation, and percent hundred had one They class of graduating Alhambra Bee The Honor "Circle Round"dancing guests. seen group are The ward. the from all graduated same percent hundred Stake, oneWard, Pasadena had in the dances. of Mutual one

girls Elizabethparticipation. the of However, one girls, South class Long Ward, View Hive Bee Park of Honor Graduation Junior from Choir Boys'

Stringham, did not appear in the photograph. Beach Stake, California. Sister Tess Francone (inset Sanpete Stake. The girls had an outstanding record

Nibley Ward, Hyrum Stake, Honor Bees, the first at left), took these young men to develop an interwith one hundred percent participation. Sister Elva

to have completed the work in the Nibley Ward. est in Church activity until they could enter the A. Christiansen is stake Beekeeper and received a

Six Gleaners who were awarded their Golden Priesthood and Mutual groups. Their outstanding certificate from the general board for her services.

MkiAU yew chops pyNo-liquorTobacco Column {Concluded from page 170J Wake Up and WatchSPRAY THE IRON AGE WAY Legislatures in many states are now in session. Bills have been introduced

that, if laws, would result in more drinking, more gambling, more corruption and debauchery, a further lowering of public and private morals and:.;;,:.::..-,:,:.: of deplorable conditions generally.

The situation demands that all decent people wake up and do something whatever is necessary—to defeat

these bills. Legislatures are more or

what to less responsive pressure-—to Age Distributor: Here's why you get more coverage at Iron

will of the people. to be the seems STATES IMPLEMENT CO. MOUNTAIN

lower cost with IRON AGE SPRAYERS Ogden, Utah But schemers with axes to grind are experienced and very much alert to to users say spraying about what it appear Listen making of means and ways the Iron 155 "Sprayed over Age way: people the and represent that they full the acres season without putting wrench a their welwith concerned deeply are.. to saves pump"Age me my

in these fare. Thus I because never. "Ironmoney have any plotters—wolves pump trouble."Iron Age builds sprayers in sizes and sheep's clothing—all too often succeed

capacities to meet every grower's demand for primarily because the decent people that delivers a machine coverage maximum it be asleep. or sleepy were May PA. YORK, with upkeep. low Iron famous The Age Pump will not happen things said that such

still maintains high pressures needed, and

PLANTERS VEGETABLE POTATO TRANSPLANTERS AND this year. takes after a beating season season without WELDERS DIGGERS POTATO DUSTERS* citizens want patriotic loyal, All for breakdowns. Write information B. SPRAYERS A. to SPECIAL JUICE PRESSES MACHINERY CONVEYORS enforceeffective their Co., Farquhar and laws St., good 3408-M. Pa. York, Duke

ment—those that will promote the best

interests of all the people. They

want honesty, fairness, economy, efficiency in government, in business, and in human relations. They believe

people are all the of the interests PIONEER MUSIC COMPANY that of interests selfish to the paramount

Is Proud to Present any group or section of the people.

But they know that integrity, morality,

America's Greatest capability,sary qualitiesand unselfishnessfor those whoare neceswould

UTAH'S FINEST successfully make, direct, manage, and business and hugovernment, operate FAMILY ACCOMMODATIONS Piano Value the with in harmony man relations

The EVERETT Piano spirit and ideals of a free America.

Let the public be awake and alerted to what is going on in all matters that affect the peace, happiness, and prosSelfishness people. all the perity of $&& (Babies if not minimized, be must and sin

135 SOUTH THIRD EAST eliminated.

Af Hotel Los Gables CONTEMPORARY family you find complete comfort. The hotel and Only EVERETT gives you the Drinking, Smoking, and Ideas

apartment accommodatone beauty of a grand! (Concluded from page 156)

tions restful are pleasant, and reserved. ConvenThe ideal piano for As we talked far into the night I

in asset greatest iently that located.,. reasonmy Church School Home discovered

able daily, weekly I and fact this was the the eyes of man monthly rates. We specialize in did not drink. He had twice before FOR RESERVATIONS Church Music—Choral Music started a series of syndicated drawor Write, wire phone

Salt City Lake 4-1869 / Music for Every Occasion ings,two previousthen somethingartists, happened.he explained,The

BEESIEY MUSIC obligationsthought moreandofdiddrinknot thanproduceof theirthe

COMPANY requiredfore, the materialscheme collapsedon schedule;withtherecon-

70 South Main Street siderable loss to him.

Salt Lake City. Utah That's why he made long trips

out of Chicago in an effort to locate above all else a commercial artist who did not drink.

Does one have to drink to create Have you sent for your IMPROVEMENT ERA 1948 index: ideas? I say no—emphatically NO!

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

/**"A ACfiang< Order.

1t> Change OlLPLATfNfr

BETTER PROGRAM HOARDS POWER?

... For best car care, change to Conoco... because another exclusive added

N'A Motor Oil—get the lubricant that ingredient in Conoco N<* combats

stands up under hard driving, fights compower-robbing carbon and sludge.

bustion acids.

J COSTS RUNNING LOW READY TO GO \.. N'*. because Conoco

... because N'* Conoco stands unup Oil Motor

fastens extra shield an driving. You'll der hard of ||5C

right lubricant to cylinquart per miles get more walls, actually OILder less oil between—ac*d

It Htr%. engine. your PLATES drains.

can't all drain down, even overnight.

0/7-P/ate today atyour Conoco Mifeage Merchants!

Copyright 1949. Continental Oil Company

MARCH 1949 173

THE SPOKEN WORD Mission to Polynesia important—even(Concluded fromif pageit isn't158) right, respectingcompromise individuala principle forwouldthe goodever months{Continuedof roughfrom treatmentpage 144) from

nobecause there is some reason for opinion of anyone—and if he did, Master William Worth, and

what they think. And if we know he wouldn't get it. To be respectthreats were necessary to make him

what they think, it may help us to fully concerned about the opinions do his best to carry through his part understand them. And if we underof others does not mean that we of the bargain.

stand them, it may help them to unmust accept their opinions. But as It was a moonless night when

derstand us. Everyone's opinion is to that stubborn individual who three natives paddled across the

relatively important because it repbluntly says he doesn't care what lagoon in an outrigger canoe, and alongside the Rambler. And itresents part of what the world others think—even though we may drew

thinks, and what the world thinks admire his courage, we are appalled was with mixed feelings that Addiaffects all of us. Of course, there is at his stupidity. The chances are son passed the two sea bags conthe extreme of being slavishly sensithat he does care. But whether he taining his gear over the rail and

tive to the opinions of others, which does or not, he should. down into the uplifted hands of the

no man can afford to be. No self-—January 30, 1949. brownskinned Polynesians. Then

he followed, bidding what he hoped would be a final goodbye to the vessel that had been his unhappy home for five months.

You'll Enjoy Your Visit to Salt Lake As the canoe pushed off from the ship and the natives paddled across

When You Stay at the thestrange,quiettropicallagoon isletowardon thea otherdark, side of the world from Winchester,

New Hampshire, young Addison Pratt wondered what experiences lay ahead of him, and if he would NEWHOUSE HOTEL ever see his home and family again.

( To be continued

Deep Roots

(Cortinued from page 130) firm- -a bulwark against the elements

Deep toots! Fortunate indeed is the person who, like the tree, can draw from inner

sources the needed strength to live his life undismayed by the forces that would seek to thwart and destroy it!

It seems that lately there has been unleashed in people a great spirit of restlessness, a desire to be constantly "on the go,"to be ever seeking something new and different. It is no wonder that some children are growing up

with no sense of security, no stability, no feeling of "belonging."Their roots

are growing in shallow soil.

As we grow up, there is a richness and strength that comes with the remembrance of familiar things—a cer-

A cordial welcome awaits you at the NEWHOUSE HOTEL, one tainwherehousefamiliaron a feetcertainhavestreet,walked,a paththe of the Great Hotels of the West... 400 rooms, each with private hills of home, the moonlight on the

bath... UltraModern Coffee Shop... Salt Lake's largest and temple

do not spires.change—theThese arethingsthe wethingsturnthatto

finest catering facilities... Complete Garage facilities adjacent. when we feel the need for peace of

spirit, for strength to meet the exacting demands of life.

that comes strength the greatest But I. HOLMAN WATERS, President

strength is the its pattern life unfolds as

J. HOLMAN WATERS, W. ROSS SUTTON. Managers of an uncompromising faith in our

religion. Parents can give their chilMain at 4th South Streets in downtown Salt Lake dren no greater heritage than that of a

home wherein the ideals of our Church {Concluded on page 176) 174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. LENNOX FURNACE CO.

2200 So. Main St. SAtT LAKE CITY, UTAH

LENNOX LEADS THE WAY TO

WARMER WESTERN HOSPITALITY

Recognizing the growth of the rich western empire as more industry and business moves in and believing in the future of western expansion, The Lennox Furnace Company, the world's largest manufacturers of steel warm air furnaces and winter air conditioning equipment, has recently completed the construction of this new factorywarehouse in

Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Lennox Furnace Company is the leader in the industry with the broadest line of gas, oil, and coalfired furnaces. Included in this

broad line is heavy duty equipment for

CHURCHES, schools, libraries and theatres, in which the air must be changed, warmed, sterilized and moistened very rapidly. Lennox

heavy duty furnaces are specifically designed and built for this severe service.

Public acceptance of Lennox built heating systems has been so widespread in these western states that it warrants the best in dealer service. To facilitate that service the Lennox

factorywarehouse has been built to manufacture the new patented LenLox fittings enabling your heating contractor to reduce heating costs on installations.

- -LENNOX MANUFACTURING PLANTS FACTORIES WAREHOUSES

SYRACUSE, NEW YORK MARSHALLTOWN, IOWA COLUMBUS, OHIO

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PORTLAND, OREGON GREAT FALLS, MONTANA

FORT WORTH, TEXAS DECATUR, GEORGIA PASADENA, CALIFORNIA

AIREFLO AIR CONDITIONERS STEEL FURNACES 58 Years of Service to You MARCH 1949 175 Deep Roots JQL *J&-f t<Q- cJgL* <JQLf -L> tflj J9- *JgL Made Especially by JANSSEN (Concluded from page 174) are lived and taught. No matter where

the road of life takes us, that kind of home will be the greatest stabilizing A PIANO force in our lives. FOR CHURCHES and SCHOOLS

There will always be those amongPLAN NOW us who will seek to destroy our faith, who will scorn, who will deride, who

To Take Advantage of the will doubt. But we must put our faith

Splendid Training Available >nfirmtestedfoundations,traditions,unchangingsolid standards,and conand

At stant! So it should be with our faith in

God.

Then let the winds of confusion roar.

Let the waves of doubt beat. Let the BRIGHAM YOUNG storms of worldliness assail. On this

UNIVERSITY ourand fathersall is well.built. The roots are deep, Specifications:

INSTRUCTION OF HIGH QUALITY Height, 44y2 '

IS AVAILABLE IN 43 Width, 24"'

DEPARTMENTS Proclamation of the Length, 57y2

Also Twelve Apostles Your church university stressin Macy's at Sold SPINETS KRAKAUER (Continued Since 1869 from page 149) in education York balanced es New PIANOS JANSSEN largest World's of the ft/JosT of the members than 100 For more character development which store years. Twelve Apostles were on misis given its proper emphasis. sions in distant places. Transporta- k GETZEN BAND INSTRUMENTS $98.50

tion facilities were poor; it would RONALD STUART

Spring Quarter Registration take time for them to assemble. "World's biggest toned spinet"

by Hammond SOLOVOX were those asserted who auMARCH 21, 22 There -- thority and to wished take the

Literature sent Summer Quarter Begins Prophet's place of leadership. This upon request

JUNE 13 only added to the people's dismay. One by one the Twelve returned

and assumed their rightful position m&m Write for catalog to and responsibilities. The Prophet

THE REGISTRAR had conferred upon them all the keys of apostleship, the identical the BRIGHAM YOUNG keysmantlethatof authoritywere heldwasbyuponhim;them;

complete %%% W PianosNew UNIVERSITY intheythisknewdispensation,that the kingdom"never setto upbe A Music $495.00 Store taken or given away to another peoup and PROVO. UTAH Terms and ple"So. E. rested 2130 11th their upon shoulders,

Tradeins City, Salt Ut. Lake

just as the of kingdom disChrist's iflr* fir* Tjf> toc rit% rtf "V* rtf> ry pensation fallen had upon the AposSUGARHOUSE MUSIC CO. tles of old. To lead the people was

now the responsibility of the Twelve, and they did not shirk from it.

The Twelve went about their For Your Church Library task of integrating the faithful, of "OTHER SHEEP"IMGESl planning for the inevitable move, of A Saga of Ancient America giving spiritual and temporal comThe exciting adventures of a young fort and direction to their flock. Nephite couple, captured by Gadianton

sacrioffered robbers and as human up COSTUMERS Their success was a Herculean atfices to the Gods, Lamanite and

In the fntermountaht Area tainment. miraculous escape during the terribletheirdeThe righteous exercise of authorstructionSavior. that heralded the coming of the

ity of Priesthood six color in the Holy had acWell heavy illustrated—bound

$1.00 covers. PRICE complished In purposes. God's other Deseret Utah Sold by and Bok Co.

or Dealers mailed postpaid by 248 So. Main St. their responsibility of assumption

Salt Lake City and with their forthrightness and Dial 3-1031 fortitude, the Church was again 609PYRAMIDSo. 2nd East Salt PRESSLake City 2, Utah

strong, and the kingdom would be carried forward. A new headquarfluence of the Church is conclusive world. No more fervent and forceters must be established in the "tops evidence of the stability of those ful statement has ever been issued

of the mountains,"in fulfilment of twelve men, and that they received in the Church. It explicitly stated

prophecy. There was no wavering inspiration and revelation to aid their attitudes and aims and their

or faltering among them; they went them in the discharge of their great fearlessness. As we now look back

to work with a will. The vision and responsibilities. on the accomplishments these Aposobjectives of the Twelve were clear; "Actions always speak louder tles made under such great and

the kingdom would not fail; and the than words,"but words declare challenging difficulties, we know

Lord's purposes for his people men's attitudes and aims. In 1845, that these words flowed from burnwould be fulfilled. That they in a time of great stress and strain, ing and living testimonies of the

wrought well is today evident on the Twelve Apostles promulgated divinity of this work and that they every hand. The strength and intheir proclamation to the whole were favored with divine guidance.

General Speeds Your Sales...

-BROAD COVERAGES WIN NEW CUSTOMERS

News of General's modern, multicoverage policies has

spread throughout the land. Alert agents everywhere are

turning this public interest and confidence into profit.

They like General's allout backing of agents, too. And

you'll like its "years ahead"agency plan. It's good for

the for the insured. Ask for details today. agent—good

General Insurance Company of America

Co. of America lasiisaj'First National Insurance General Casualty Company ofAmerica

HOME OFFICESSEATTLE. WASHINGTON

H. K. DENT, PRESIDENT

MEMBERS and FRIENDS IN II for FIFTY OVER YEARS USE

! \ EASTERN STATES

in treatment of F R E E Canker, simple Aids Easter books from your by mail Buy

! throat sore other minor and mouth near an 'i SCHOLARSHIPS AUTHORIZED DEALER

your own home. and throat irritations. FOR BEAUTY STUDENTS

CHURCH BOOKS AND BOOKS BY at AUTHORS CHURCH Friendly School Beauty The yourself time trouble. and Prompt Save L. for D. S. Girls delivery stock most from on

for Particulars! or Phone Write HALL'SSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah I for list free postal card Drop titles.and

order form. Standard prices.

varels {Beauty School Eastern States Book Agency

Ninth Eleven Avenue > 1061 EastSugarhouse21st South St. Haddon Heights, New Jersey HOTEL LANKERSHIM Dial 7-5886

7th & BROADWAY RATES MODERATE Headquarters L. D. S. FRANK R. WISHON.in LosOperatorArmeies

RAY H. BECKETT. Manager

For For Sent Sent Your Have You Your Have You LOS ANGELES ERA IMPROVEMENT ERA IMPROVEMENT TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"for for Index Index 1948? 1948?

MARCH 1949 177 es2 THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE

JhSL camps (Continuedin all thefromlongpage months154) of moredon is distantdistant fromtodayBlufffrom thanSalt LakeLonwinter and hardship on the road; City. Persuading four horses to

no one had been seriously sick, scramble in any kind of order up though two babies had been born through that chute at Holein-theDESERET near the river, both of them to live Rock and at the same time to drag and thrive as real children of the an empty wagon behind them, was desert. Yet the company had no a feat of fine engineering for theNEWS more than stopped at what was to crack teamsters of 1880.

become Bluff when death claimed Just how far these new San Juanold Roswell Stevens, a veteran of ers had moved away from all thePRESS the Mormon Battalion. There was rest of creation was to be impressed

no lumber within a hundred miles, upon them by a weary string of unso from his old wagonbox, scarred forgettable experiences. It was to

COMMERCIAL selectedand worn,a placethey formadea cemetery.a coffin and becomeone of theclearmostto themremotethatcommunitiesBluff was

AND EDITION theirsThisto readymeet perplexingresourcefulnesssituationsof ofStates.civilizedA fewmenranchersin theon MancosUnited

was taxed by the need of many Creek in Colorado were their nearthings. Where should they begin? est white neighbors. PRINTERS AND

The task lay shapeless and endless Somewhere in the mountains disall around them. tantly beyond Mancos was a miliBOOK BINDERS

The Indians from all around, tary post, the nearest of its kind in nothing from which help could be called in PAPER RULING many of the Navajos clad but a G string, came with fawning case of trouble. Yet within rifle

smiles and curious eyes to* carry range across the river from Bluff away everything on which they was the Navajo reservation with its could lay their sly hands. fifteen thousand or more impoverThe Navajo or Piute not skilled ished savages, eking a scanty liv-

J-rofe55ionat in the essential art of theft, was ing from the sterile sandhills, or regarded by his people as slow and stealing it from the outside. To the

and S>octal stupid. The loss of shoes, knives east and north and west of Bluff

and forks, dishes, clothing, ropes, roamed the surly Piutes with crisp >tatiuoner axes, or any of the limited supplies contempt for white man's law, and and utensils carried away from the for all other law.

camps, amounted to little as comAnd then there were those flyevil birds of passage in pairs the reach from 29 RICHARDS STREET paredteams, withcattle, theand disappearancethe dear old cowof ubiquitousing singly or on which the children depended for of the law in their own country to PHONE 4-5521 their most precious item of food. hide in and make this wilderness a

perilous place for life and property.

HThe people met under a giant CotSan Juan, one of the most faraway, tonwood known and loved for and for that reason the safest place

I wonder if folks who thirty years as "The Old Swing in all the west for fugitives from criticize would mine profits busiTree."They organized a Sunday justice, was the popular paradise like to gamble with a

that gets ness an income its of from only part propSchool; they divided the land; they for bad men from everywhere.

erty each year, that's certook stock of their most urgent tain to play out some day, that can't be insured and obligations and assigned to each 'T'he little colony, like a lamb in a carries of our the brunt without tax burden a man the part he was to take. pack of wolves, struggled to get

chance to load tosomebodypass any else?"of the One of the first indispensables on its feet and look these evils in

was flour; it would have to be the face. It knew that in an hour

brought at once from Escalante, the it could become a blotch of blood point to which they had ordered it and ashes, and that its murderers delivered the previous fall, the flour could be far away in their most of which they were so sorely in secure retreat for weeks or months need at Holein-theRock. It was before the report of their massacre

dismally more than two hundred crawled on slow and uncertain feet miles to Escalante, but over that unto some responsible point on the paralleled country, and over that inoutside, for the outside then, in sufferable road, the difficulty and the point of time as we reckon time totime involved in covering the two day, was thousands of miles distant.

hundred miles with a pony team and The colony had to build homes

UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION an oldtime wagon, made Escalante and make fences; it had to plow

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at once if it was to raise any garden or produce any feed for livestock that year; and it had to survey and

make a ditch to take water from the river. That ditch had to be dug in

the sand, the San Juan sand whichwas to astonish the people with its NEW BOOK NEWS treachery. But they suspected nothing then, and fell to work as men BOOKS NEWL Y A VAILABLE

who have trusted the earth and found it true. SINCE LAST CONFERENCE

From their regular meetings under the old swing tree, they moved SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH OTHERS..$2.50

to a roomy bowery made of leafy Excerpts from addresses of President George Albert

Cottonwood limbs, keeping always Smith.

carefully organized to make the Compiled by Preston Nibley most of their time. Improvising

is revealed by what he thinks and says andhouses from the crooked, twisted A man cottonwood logs would have been does. A clear view of the eighth president.

puzzling enough, even with a few for doors, the and windowsboards ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND at all abut with lumber it was no conundrum. So they got out an old ETERNAL LIFE $3.50

whipsaw, dug a pit, and began makBy President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

ing green cottonwood lumber. That A thorough, welldocumented, explanation of the hislumber had to be nailed down solid torical necessity for the restoration of the Gospel

the minute it came from the saw or it would writhe itself into the that mankind might find the way to immortality and shape of a ram's horn. eternal life.

While some of them toiled on that ditch in the sand like so many ants, THE VITALITY OF MORMONISM $2.50

others hauled fencing and houseBy James E. Talmage

logs, as necessity for many things increased its heavy weight upon These lucid, short, authoritative essays on themes exthem. Some of the already dilapiplanatory of the distinctive principles of the Gospel

dated wagons sent to Escalante for are available again.

flour went to pieces in their merciless jolting over the solid rock, and We pay the postage when cash accompanies the order. All prices are

one of them keeled end over end subject to change without notice. May we send a current price list?

down one of those "slantindiclar"surfaces, scattering its precious cargo in a sickening cloud of whitedust in the depths below. It was DESERET BOOK COMPANY

imperative that some of the men "Education lives as long as yon read good books."

leave the work at Bluff to others and 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958

hunt jobs of freighting or delivering railroad ties in the distant mounSalt Lake City 10, Utah tains of Colorado.

And how should they send or reBluff? in mail addressceive What L D. S. HEADQUARTERS

give, of Spring -Fresh Air for the luxury IN theyshould PHOENIX "a post office was but a distant posAnsmellattractiveas sweet homeas an shouldattracsibility? They sent letters with the tivethis simplywoman. useTo lovely,accomplishfrateams to Escalante, and six weeks grantgenerouslyDEB AirRefreshant.large bottles of2 1300 WEST VAN BURENlater they received mail which had LilacatomizerDEB AirRefreshant$1.00 postpaid.with SWIMMING POOL FOR GUESTS

been waiting there since the fall The Deb Co., 14E No.Main St. RESERVATIONS NECESSARY FOR WINTER

before. When stark need forced West Hartford, Connecticut

some of them to go hunting work in Colorado, they sent letters to be SEE THE BLIND MAN FOR posted at Mancos, and ordered EASY TERMSFREE ESTIMATES their mail there from the outside, hoping to have it brought in by Better Chocolates CAMMANS chance freight teams at irregular for over 50 years intervals. Located at Provo, Utah VENETIAN BLIND & SHADE CO.

"The Candy City"2420 SOUTH STATE ST. PHONE 6-1827

( To be continued) MARCH 1949 179 Baptism for the Dead in Ancient limes

{Continued from page 148) ing of Christ while admitting that they lack the gifts which the Lord

Utah Skiing Is at Its Best promised would surely follow those

the without claiming knowledge Spring for—In The who had his doctrine. The reason thereof is obvious: the power

And when your skiing day is done, you tongues and prophecies are not easiwant to rest yourself and your skis in a ly come by, while doctrines can be place that's comfortable and friendly, produced to order. But the doctrine

where you can enjoy excellent food and an without the other gifts is not valid;

evening of pleasure. Make the Hotel Utah Irenaeus confounded the Gnostics

your headquarters, as skiers from all over by showing that they lacked those the world are doing daily. Combine your other gifts while claiming the

skiing with of evenings food, superb danchimself then he gave gnosis—and ing, location in a and the of heart failing to by conspicuously Salt away

City, Lake center of skiing America. produce any convincing evidence for

those gifts in his branch of the

Hotel Utah church.tullian 178arguedAfterthathimthethelackgreatof Terspir-

Salt Lake City itual gifts in the main church of his day invalidated the claims of that church to possess divine authority. 179

If church members were doubting the resurrection itself even in New

Testament times and quite generally in the days of the Apostolic Fathers, is it surprising that the doctrine of salvation for the dead, so closely bound with the economy of the resurrection, should also be a matter of doubt and confusion? Or

is it hard to believe that baptism for the dead should soon become a lost times doctrine early from bapwhen PHILCO tote subject tism for of the living a was

BEST thegreatestwidestfathersdisagreement?and doctors of Thethe

church profess a bewildering variety

Automatic place,of opinionsmanner,as toauthority,the propersubject,time,

Phonograph validity, durability, efficacy, and1* scope of the Christian baptism.

Superior One who would ask, therefore, what

Radio needbecameonlyofcontemplatebaptism forthe thedoctrinaldead shambles of baptism for the living to have an answer. Famous Model 1604 Classic Design. $209.95 As early as the time of Justin the

for doctrine salvation the of

still a preached, Allowance for Your Old Radio 20.00 dead, though was

subject of serious uncertainty that can only reflect a general lack of inAll You Pay Is Only. $189.95 formation. When asked whether he

Free Delivery Pay only $10 A Month really believes in the salvation of

Almost Anywhere (After Down Payment) all the righteous Jews of the Old

Covenant as well as the Christians, states: Justin

Co. Furniture East The South I of this others opinion. are But and Lake City Sugar House—Salt there are the other on hand many who...

"PHILCO HEADQUARTERS"long to the pure and pious faith, and arebetrue Christians, who think otherwise. 181

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Where is the uncompromising stand of the early church? A few years

later we find both Tertullian and

Irenaeus hedging on the question of whether Christ ever visited the spirdoctrine repugnant its in prison—a182

to philosophy. Typical is Irenaeus'

statement that though he does not believe it himself, he will not condemn as heretics those who do, 183 and he sounds a sinister note when he observes that in the church "there are some who even try to turn these things into allegories. 18*

There was a period of hesitation after this when some versions of the

Apostles'Creed contained the phrase, "He descended into hades,"or "He descended to the inhabitants of the spiritworld,"while others did not, but in time this annoying fragment of antique arcana came to be generally condemned. 185 With

Origen and Clement "wavering between the old faith and Plato,"189 we are well on the way to the medieval church, where we presently arrive with St. Augustine.

( To be concluded In the following references "PG"stands for the Greek Patrologia and "PL"for the

Latin. Roman numerals designate volumes ISRAEL It

and Arabic numerals columns.

Ignat. Ep. ad Philad. viii

Robert Eisler, Iesous Basileus on Baliseusas. Die

Messianische Unabhaengigkeitsbewegung. etc. (Heidelberg. 1930) I, xxixxxxiv. 298, 353.

limitation actual in an which Instances are very the of gospel numerousis placed preaching theon in MAKE YOURBUY IN SALTCONFERENCELAKE OR SEND FORPURCHASE 7:6-7: 11:1415, 2528; e.g., scriptures, the Matthew

13:1116; 13:3436; 19:11; 24:3; Mark 4:9-12; 9:

3334; 11:33; Luke 8:10; 9:36; 9:4345; 10:2123;

12:41; 18:34; 22:6771; John 1:1112; 3:1112; 6:

16:1218; 16:25; 8:4344; 10:2427;6066; 16:29- "THE BOOK OF MORMON 28:2627; 19:2; 20:20; 15:28; 10:41; 30; Acts

Romans 6:19; 11:3034; I Corinthians 2:14; 3:1-3;

7:25; 14:2; 14:9-10; 14:22; 15:34; II Corinthians 1:13; 3:3; 12:2-5; Galatians 2:2; Ephesians 3:1-5; GUIDE BOOK"

Colossians 1:26; I Peter 2:2; II Peter 3:16; II

12.John 1BIn this connection should be cited the muchby VERLA BIRRELL of Jesus remark discussed of that2021), the kingdom to Godthe Phariseeswas in their(Lukemidst,17: The actual contents of the Book of Mormon

but that dered "observation"it was not forin thethemKingto Jamessee. Theversionwordhasrenin classified and arranged for references.

all intense, of the contexts expectant meaning 28 Charts 6 Maps than out (parateresis) a spying strongerwatch, an—much

that tells Pharisees the Christ observation; somere Bound in Jade or Black $5.00

no matter how hard they look {paratereo always will the to look they not see hard) verymeans king- A "MUST"FOR YOUR REFERENCE LIBRARY is in them. already gar) fact {idou amongdom, which

The word "within"(entos) can only be rendered singular a noun; used with hereso when

of course the plural must read it"among"is used DESERET BOOK CO.—Z.C.M.I.—BOOKCRAFTwith be and

or (literally) "in the midst of."This has often SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

the Renaissince pointed out scholars ever bybeen if AND OTHER LEADING BOOKSTORES sentimental, philosophicalsance. But the and more

less accurate. King James version is usually preferred

as avoiding embarrassing questions of doctrine.

167II Timothy 6:20

158First the Apostles themselves should depart {"God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death..."), and then would come the

wolves, against whom the flock is denied immunity (I Cor. 4:9ff; Acts 20:2931), God himself sending

"a strong delusion"(II Thess. 2:11, the "falling

away"of verse 3 shows that this applies to the church), since they would not endure sound doctrine.

(II Tim. 4:3-4.) PRESS! DFF THE JUST M9I the version corCorinthians 13:8; King James

edition third of YEARS"THE The "THROUGH indicative; the preservesrectly future independent the

is popular journal autobiographical that so the implies, they (eite) degree whatever"whether""to life in interested record with keeping. those i.e., it isexist,"indefinite; there but is nothing

indefinite clause: result about the whatever 531 N. Univ. Ave., their Sold by EMMA N. WAKEFIELD, statuspresent are three these away. to be taken Provo

le0Id. verses 9-13. The King James "and now

abideth"is very weak in comparison with the Greek and by RAM0NA F. C0TTAM, 71 East 4th South,

mini de menei, etc.: "but for now these three reProvo, Utah. Also sold by bookstores in Salt Lake

main....""These"is the proper subject of the and Provo.

{Continued on page 182) MARCH 1949 181

BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD IN ANCIENT TIMES

the 16SIgnatius, of ignorant not Savior disciples of Epist. were our civ other ad Rom., {Continued page 181) from

cf. 18*Ignatius, the Seven- c.v; Trait., things, "Shall twelve Apostles the Epist. both and ad same

verb, the since is subject neuter, should be which,... I to pitch others. Neverthegreat ty, of presumption a beside such reach as a them many and c.iii:...translated plural. in the if issue all only did, things Matthew of the an as the you less out Lord Apostle?"commands were

7-8 III, 32. Hist. Eccl. Eusebius, is only left wrote records, they the a difference have and down obviously Here and John Iknows man whoto

C.iii to the Epist. Philippians 161Polycarp. to, report. the to a for according bishop Ignatius between forced they Apostle; an was and were what

182Clement, Epist. I ad Corinth, c.xlvii; neither are "the third Bishop of Antioch after Peter."... Three evangelists (the Synoptics) only wrote

authority, the Cathasthey..."Clement's year. under for Roman his one of doings account an Intd. Antignosticus, Neander, M5A.

this in learnolics for the that claim, introduction we 116-8 Jesu, i08Schmidt, Gespraeche pp. teachings Irenaeus Gnostic condemned by 1<!8Among is at of theletter the Corinthians, written request

later the 145: are celibacy Bristol, Catholic Hist., church of Eccl. p. adopted by Bishop 1TOThus John it and letters that the apostolic otherand from know we

alChrist Spirit, veneration VII, of (685-6), images the of the "... 675), by promise Holy made (PG to other bishops for with communicatewas common

of legorical interpretation scriptures uni- (802f), proof of possibility the the an to precludes Church, the their congregations those if thancongregations own the to true faith."demonstration philosophy by appeal the Apparently versal defection (785), and from in letters. this is rerequested matter Decisive the

the to transubstantiause fact that terms philosophic of the is promise oblivious (750, 754), bishop good this xlvi of Sect, Epistle: at of the "Your endmark

tion of gifts into to the extreme water Spiritunction spiritual blood the of Holy accompany (665), (579), aside,falling turned has has out plunged many many possibility flesh use of the the of of vileness chrism (683-4), tongues, prophecy, (664), to vacillate,into brought caused despair, many and it. Irresistible that the fact of incomprehensibility etc.—precludespossessing Grace the church (685), The any modern all. is to disorder (stasis)sorrow your and us

is all in all to the that not source "revelation"of scripture these say."This the sole (714). were God this sectionschronic other (epimonos) and From

taken the Christian Gnostics, cancels church the over rather the of councils but from synods from andis it (iii, is xlvi) is far evil xiv, xlv, clear that the it of recipient to the the source supplied same that the popular the claim Gnostics: being might any make for time; going has been yet onadvanced and some

teachings of day. Paraclete. the promised it is until the receives request not he a from

if this to are careful 187Irenaeus expresses that theCorinthians Apostolic Fathers themselves Apospresumes idea: "Even Clement Apostles and mBoth

... tles mysteries of advice, the angels hidden to which not posthey "kept had possessed that even would church to the point outgive them words would

sibly be the case and he the right and duty to certainly have transmitted them to those to whom they not their first estate,"(II Peter 2:4-22; Jude 5-19;

intervene. Against.."Contrathis weHaeres.have Ill,the ISmycn.Clement,c. 6;Ep.as ada warningCorinth, thatc. 39;no oneIgnat.is everEp. outadarose in Romein CorinthianPolycarp,affairs.Bishop Whenof Smyrna,like crisesand committediii, 1 (PGtheVII,churches.848.)

Irenaeus, Bishop of Lyons, laid down the law to the word of those men themselves, given in our precedof danger; typical is the statement of II Clement,

Roman congregation even more emphatically than ing paragraph, that they did not share all the knowlEp. ad Corinth, c. 4: "For the Lord said, 'Even

Clement spoke to the Corinthians (Iren. Haeres. edge of the Apostles and that they did nor pass on though ye were gathered together to my very bosom,

Ill, I peoplewould28). 3. 4. PG VII, 851f; Eusebius, Eccl. Hist. V. 24whatissEuseb.knowledgeEcc/. theyHist.didIII.share.24, 5: Besides Paul "the shouldcast youyouawayfail. to.."keepThemyJews,commandmentsthe covenant

... make it a

practical house

There's one best way to get greater home value... sharpen

your eye and plan for it... and look for those extravalue

SEE TRISTATE features that are found in good design and sound construction.

Your TriState Home Building Service will help you... by reducfor tested building plans. We have

ing many of the problems to easyto-handle size... by making on file hundreds of designs by comavailable a wealth of building experience... and by furnishing petent local and national architects

with you a veritable of encyclopedia plans designs. home and homes of all sizes... all styles.

It's the wise turn the job of building way to a into a... home

happy adventure. You are welcome to "thumbthrough"our idea file at any time.

COMPLETE BUILDING

SERVICE:

Plans Materials Financing

HE IMPROVEMENT ERA

who lost the covenant, are repeatedly mentioned as an

Epist. Barnabae thus the Christians; lesson toobject

being lest as God's THESE TIMES resting at easec.4: "Beware

chosen ones, we takeespecially heed fall whenasleepyouin observeour sins.what.. marvel-. And (Concluded from page 131) "\T[7'hat does this add up to? At this

Education, Council on in the the American Jews, had were wonders among signs andous that reminded two moment I am them.") of which God deserted in the General Education surface, table's point of of this Social inches statement authoritative below the an workspite172As

Development cite Fawkes, "The Alfredview may we edition of Studies; 1823 an The Works the from in is a communication drawer, Beliefs,"Institutions Theol. Harvard Christian andof

five; Jowett's Locke, volume literal John the in belief 114: of and (1917), "TheRev. entitled, X the "Form S. Treasury U.

to is the the Church key of Christ Comingimmediate Plato, two; Dialogues volume The of Internal 1040, subject the discusses at Department, Treasuryof First the Age."He

length. Mill's printing of Stuart 1874 an John In- S. Individual Service, U. Revenue "3 I of 12, immediate 1:5-6, speaks an 4:7, 20; Peter

contains, incidenLiberty (which is the II On promise Peter sayend. "Where They calendar for year Return come Tax all things as they continueof his were. coming? 3:4fF:... tally, "the several pages on Mor-

.. this, of ignorant that beloved, But, one not be.."figures to the be 1948.. Although

... is years. a the thousand as with Lord.day The Thesaurus a Roger's Engmons"); of.".. is promise. his slack concerningLord not fit nicely will are reported puny and lish Phrases, a Webster's and ".. Words. are there 17*I 2:18: even many now John

it will kindly form, that is theantichrists; if you a shorter whereby we know Dictionary, the on last Collegiate (under and

time."particupermit me, I will work on this Parables No. As to Mark telephone) 17BHermae Pastor, ("and City 3 6 4. the Salt Lake

is the 13:34, of the of the vineyard absence "the Lord

his coming."that (Id. Simil.time pass until must V. nearby towns") Telephone Directory, lar problem, at the moment, in these

5.) December 1948. times.

second Clementine the 1TOIn Apostles: "'Ye shallEpistlebe as c.5.lambstheinLordthe tells the

midst of wolves.'And Peter answered him and said

to him, "What then if the wolves shall tear the lambs to pieces?'Jesus said to Peter: 'The lambs have no

In and the to fear wolves are dead after theycause kill you.'"This that fear them ye not like manner

passage is typical in its absolute refusal to grant the church the slightest glimmer of hope in the matter of earthly success. Ignatius'entire Epistle to the

pessimism. profoundest is of He a documentRomans

inno church and expresses in the comfort takes no terest in her future, but wishes only to die; a less

helpful attitude could not be imagined, but the saint explains that he is sick of living "among men"and seeks the joy and illumination that comes from the it to living "among of men"the Lord: waspresence

or illuminathere joy no in church? live was the and IN ONE VOLUME

in the church on this longer to tion enjoyed any be earth? Ignatius answers both questions in the negaDOCTRINAL TEACHINGS OF THE EIGHT PRESIDENTS tive.

that the to claim backward looking is easy 1T7It JESUS CHRIST OF CHURCH WHO PRESIDED OVER THE to the guarantee meant was martyrs the ofblood evidence the all but time; for church the of integrity SAINTS LATTERDAY OF never themselves martyrs that the exhaustive is

It cannot terms. in such sufferings their of thought

of the survival that the repeated emphatically toobe of the survival the proving far from name,Christian for evidence as taken be gospel, the may and church and the Apostles the Lord since the very opposite, the "deceiver out that pointed of the LATTERDAY repeatedly

Apostolic All Christ's in name. come wouldworld"

as church to the danger great the describe writers coming from within it, and never express the slightest concern about the activities of those outside. That

the in which paganism over the church of SPEAK victory a PROPHETS to be to glory, wont are ministry By DANIEL H. LUDLOW as such is paganismthus seen since victory indeed,hollow

presented no danger. Such pagan writings as Cicero's

volthis rich attacks devastating reading are far more upon You'll Divinatione enjoyDe produced anything ever than state religion old the contribuoutstanding is an ume. It writer. Christian aby

828-9) II, (VII. 2. 4. Haeres. find Contra You'll literature. 8lren tion to Church

II, 1077-8), c. 21 (PL $400 Pudicitia 1TOTertullian, De

reliof forthat valuable filled with and this miracles to book do the power that noting 'if the observes, source the same have sins giving... priceless a as teachings gious it spe- a by power was such enjoyed Apostles blessed

special of any virtue not by doctrine. of and gift God, cial Church on book reference

of such examples... some then me training. Show

forto right your I will concede today, and power simply authority your claim if you But sins. give

. the. show cannot office and of your virtue by

in lacking Enlightening! Interesting! be.you must Prophet, or Apostle ofpower

"If the 9:1: Matthew claim."authority you On the

to the his to power put pains such took himselfLord a power sins without forgive to presuming not proof,

I certainly sick, may not to the heal great enough least at an THE FOUR ESTATES OF MAN without sins forgive to power claim divine power."of demonstrationequivalent CHARLES By GILBERT ORME

extensive to the reader the evidence we refer For are subjects wherein few the Patrotogiae, of indices of our prestudy It's a fascinating baptism. treated than extensively more

life, herethe c. 80 mortal with Trypko, existence, and "Dialogue

discussed are by Schmidt, op. cit. doubts 182Their carefully scholarly after. book A

51920. pp. works the standard written from and $|75 cit. 32, 1 op. Iren., V,

v*Id., V, 35, 3 church literature, giving you a deepEastern and some Athanasian, Aquileian, WBThe understanding of the estates of er

phrase, the contain creed the Apostles'of versions man. the (in Augustine and is defended further by which

late sixth century) by Venatius Fortunatus, accord-

I, 21, 6; n. of Christendom Creeds P. ing to Order our books through in the dealers all book

19. id. p. the clause, creed adopted the RomanSchaff, even Intermountain live. West, L.D.S. and where people interprets 410-5 A.D.), of Aquileia (Bishop Ruflnus

the phrase as being simply equivalent to "he was buried"(Comment, in Symbol. Apostol. PL 21, 356),

but then cites a number of Scripture passages which interpretation. supporting as a literal regardshe

Acacian versions of SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES and Arminensian Id. 363. The

"descended the phrase, contained the Creed both to Write for listing of books and special discount privileges

Socrates, Hist. Eccl. the earth,"regions beneath the

II, 37 and II, 41. As late as the twelfth century the

anonymous writer of a Symboli Apostolici Explanatio (PL 213, 734) includes the clause and the comment:

"He descended to the lower regions that he might liberate the saints who were there by the first penalties (debita) of death."

2527; op. Schmidt, cit.. pp. BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

is that conclude the first to no one 521,who 541.lived Origenbefore

Christ can possibly enjoy full salvation, a doctrine in which the persuasion of pagan philosophy is stronger than scripture, I Lib. 1 Sam. Homil. 2.

MARCH 1949 183 LET'S TALK IT OVER

{Continued from page 145) ing to follow all of the precepts of it is incomprehensible that she

Then why draw close to it? my church?""Am I failing to treat adopts the latest madness in fingerImagine immorality as an estabmy friends unselfishly?""Am I lacknail polish even though she admits

lished fact in your own life. Would ing in selfcontrol?""Where am I that she doesn't like it. I wonder if

you not, as the young; man who headed?"And then add to these, he is aware how closely he follows

dreamed that he had killed, search "Am I a victim of fashion?"the fashions in dating and whether

every act and thought to see what Young men often laugh at girls he knows where they are leading had led you to that final conclusive because they follow the fashion. him? For dating customs though

act? Bob thinks it highly amusing that changing more slowly than those of

Won't you make that search now, Mary wore short skirts and long dress are still a fashion and a very ahead of serious error? Ask yourhair two years ago but long skirts powerful fashion. You may have

self the same questions: "Am I failand short hair this year. He thinks thought along these lines yourself

many times. If you grew up in a

wholesome home, in the middle of a brisk, affectionate family, you undoubtedly have had serious misgivings about snuggling up so possesnan to attend sively to the very nice girl you were dating. But you didn't want to be Summer School considered a "standoff"—so on with

at Your State University the fun! Well, son, you're a witless

victim of one of the most powerful

June 20—August 31, 1949 and allpervading fashions in the

world. The movie "clinches"have

SPECIAL FEATURES Workshop and Institute given you ideas. The magazines

have done their part. You can

Secondary School Curriculum Workshop scarcely pick up a popular magazine

Governmental Problems Conference and Labor Institute without finding several—sometimes

of young men like Preflight Training Program and Aviation Workshop many—pictures

you and young girls like yours in

Writers'Conference and Workshop tender embrace. The copy with the

Family Life Institute pictures implies that this situation is

Institute for Educational Secretaries highly desirable and is brought toothbecause you use certain Kindergarten Education Workshop about

I don't pastes know and cosmetics.

Workshop in Testing and whether those who write and draw

Counseling such "tripe"are young or old. I

Junior College Conference Regular Courses don't know whether they actually

AudioVisual Education Both believe as they write and picture or dishonest even are they whether undergraduate Merchandising and I thing but of one Graduate with and Marketing feel are completely they themselves,sure—

School Plant Conference stupid. Don't you be!

Educational Administrators'Conference There is one thing you can safely is full for granted. take The world

Education It is natural people. of affectionate June First 20—JulySession '22 # jy

Post Session * Vocational Education Workshop to love and to be loved. You don't

have to do any practising. When July 26—August 31 Band Clinic the right time comes, you will be

equal to the occasion. All you will

Visiting Faculty to be Announced Later need to practise is consideration and unselfishness. It is foolish to experiLet us help you plan your ment further.

summer program Yet a good many young people For information and literature write to do go around exhibiting their the Dean of Summer School prowess. I know several very fine

young men and girls—honest, temperate, high purposed—who neverUniversity of Utah

theless seem to think nothing of letSALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH ting themselves get into a heavy petting situation—simply because

it's "being done,"and they want to 184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "belong."Please snap out of it—sanity can change a fashion. All far, and I can hardly bear it. Where

fast. It may not end in the particular you need is faith, repentance, deterare my dreams?"And I am thinknightmare that could be its finish, mination, and a sense of humor. ing of the young man and his nightbut it certainly is traveling right These four can work as your ways mare of what the French call [ait

down that road, and don't let anyand means committee. They can accompli—the thing done!

one deceive you on your directions. help you work out acceptable techDreams are wonderful. They

niques of friendship and courtship. promise bliss in this life and joy

the Come day—tomorrow, next year, They can help you meet your situaeverlasting, but one step over

tions with a light but sincere touch. line, and they can turn into the most surely sometime—the girl or man

I and thousands like me will be hideous of nightmares. Only this of your dreams is coming—clean,

breathtakingly wonderful. You will watching and praying. We believe time the nightmares are real—you

is one of your want to take him or her as your in you—truly we do. But I cannot don't wake up. This

mate, honestly believing that in help remembering Joanne who said, greatest privileges and obligations some degree you deserve your hap- "What shall I do? I have gone too to protect those dreams.

piness—knowing that you have the

priceless gift of chastity to offer.

See that you have it. To be without

it is to be without faith, without understanding of life's basic principles.

The generation of your parents Is It There Are Whyhad—youits troublescan be andsuretemptations,of that. Buttoo

fashions in temptations change.

Satan is too smart and adroit to let the grass grow under his feet. He Over 150 LD.S.

isn't going to face you with exactly the same situations which have confronted any other generation. He

uses changing fashions and circumstances to deceive and beguile you.

But he cannot touch basic principles, and he knows it. He can outwit you and

only if you let these basics slip out of your hold. Petting loosens your

grasp of these fundamental principles. It may never go far enough ENJOY

to bring you to deep sorrow, but at best it will warp your judgment, IHE confuse your emotions, and make you completely uncertain about love and life. If you, Margie, kiss several

young men, they will all come toseem much the same to you, and HAMMOND ORGAN even the one you marry will occasionally become mixed in your If you would ask any of them they would tell you it is becausedreams with the others—according

the of confessionsto the some of play I—Easy to It friends. of frankmost my gets out of tune re- 2—Never little persampling of aminds me

so little roomfume. Whiff enough varieties, and 3—Takes up

is practically no upkeepyou will soon need a deep breath 4—There

of fresh air to clear your sense of 5—The cost of the organ is so little

discrimination. Write or come to our store for full information!

I don't know too much about divorce, but I do know that it is Demonstrations Every Day growing alarmingly, and I suspect When you come to conference see and hear this beautiful that some of its growth is due to organ.

emotional immaturity—the immatur74 So. Main Street

ity found in marriages precipitated by all this false stimulation—stimulation which can be as deadly as Glen Bros. Music Co.

alcohol.

You are a frank and honest generation. Even a few of you who

determine to meet this problem with

MARCH 1949 THE HARD WAY

(Continued from page 141) "Pretty piece, ain't it? I'd like to Kenneth Brown gave a fine inter-

"Oh, I couldn't, ma'am,"she play that,"she said. pretation of the inevitable c# minor

protested. The night of the recital, Mrs. Prelude by Rachmaninov,and Sally

"Of course you could."HowCurtis was the first to arrive. Jim Hughes did well on the first moveever, I did not say more. I was sat in the front row with Mr. Curment from Beethoven's Moonlight

dumbfounded when on the followtis, a nice looking fellow, scrubbed Sonata.

ing Saturday she announced, "I've so that he almost lost his outdoors Then it was Mrs. Curtis'turn,

decided to play in the recital, if you worker's tan. and I was nervous. But there was

really think I could."Judy was first on the program, no trace of nervousness about her

"I'm so glad,"I said. "Would and her playing of a Bach fugue as she stepped to the piano, bowed

you like to play your minuet?"transcribed for piano was superb. primly, sat down, and played the

simple minuet.

The audience sensed it was listening to the playing of a woman who worked and sacrificed for her lessons. The applause was loud and

long. Jim clapped not quite politely, and Mr. Curtis blew his nose.

No, Mrs. Curtis did not become

a concert pianist. She studied two

years more, and still practises. She

visits me now and then, and sometimes I go to her place.

I wish I had more pupils like Mrs.

Curtis.

M.I. A. Notes

Drama Directors

A new service is now offered to

M.I.A. drama directors through the

cooperation of the University of Utah.

In connection with the library at the college, there is a Drama Lending Library whose facilities have now been extended to our Mutual leaders. There

are oneact and threeact plays for only girls, and collections of plays available.

Among the plays are found the following favorites:

The Patsy, The Servant in the House,

Friendly Enemies, You and I, Mr. Pirn

Passes By, Clarence, Come Out of the

Kitchen, Old Lady 31, Seventeen, Adam and Eva, The Man of the Hour, Daddy

LongLegs, Peg o'My Heart, The First

Year, Turn to the Right, Applesauce, The

Man from Home, Seventh Heaven, The

Whole Town's Talking, Aren't We All,

White Collars, The Family Upstairs, The

Goose Hangs High, Mrs. Temple's Teh'

gram, Smilin Through, Allof-a Sudden

Peggy* Merton of the Movies, The Torch

Bearers, Seven Keys to Baldpate, New

Brooms, Strongheart, Abie's Irish Rose,

Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Anne of

Green Gables, The Barretts, BigHearted

Herbert, Charley's Aunt, Death Takes a

Holiday, The Dover Road, Growing Pains,

The Life of the Party, Little Women, The

Magnificent Obsession, Nothing but the

Truth, Skidding, Young April.

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One of the interesting collections is from any of the companies which supstance, there could be no drinking or

Eight Radio Plays by Bushnell and ply plays, and royalty payments can smoking, no vulgar language, no cardBradford. There are also many colbe determined. Royalty on the oneact playing. All objectionable features must

lections of oneact plays. plays varies from $5.00 to $10.00, albe deleted from any plays used by the

Usually in the annual M.I.A. Book though there is no royalty on some as M.I.A.

of Plays there are enough plays for the long as a certain number of copies of If you desire any of the plays for wards to produce. And it is better to the play are purchased. Threeact reading, write directly to the Drause these since the royalty on them plays usually have royalty from $5.00 ma Lending Library, University of

has been paid for one year, and the to $50.00. Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah.

individual copies which the M. I. A. It is understood, of course, that plays Enclose 15c for each play or volume

prints are half the price charged at a obtained in this manner might not alyou desire. This will entitle you to

commercial company. But occasionally ways be completely of our standard. keep the book two weeks. If you de-

a stake needs additional plays. In such a If they were to be produced, drama disire it for another two weeks, it may

case here is a splendid opportunity to rectors and activity executives must be renewed for an additional 15c. Reread over many plays before choosing edit them carefully, deleting or changmember, do not write to the M.I.A.

the one desired. After a play has been ing any parts which would not conoffices. Write directly to the Univerdecided on, copies may then be ordered form to our L.D.S. ideals. For insity of Utah.

The Problem of International

Warfare page 140) {Continued from important to unUtah State Agricultural College is thereforewar. It

derstand the limitations as well as possibilities of the Unitedthe Na1949tions. of the United The charter

is a treaty.Nations The charter conSUMMER SESSION than permanentprovides more

ferences, more than a central home for the technical international orEDUCATION ganizations that have sprung up since 1815. For example, the Assembly is a world center for politiMUSIC FESTIVAL

cal discussion. It is not a world Four famous Concert Artists join with the resident faculty

legislature. But as a world center June 13 - August 5.

for political discussion it is an instrument for achieving consensus.

As such, with the rest of the maMUSIC CLINIC chinery, it was devised to maintain an alliance against Germany and

Japan. Yet, it is not used for this COACHING SCHOOL

purpose, but to try to maintain agreement between the Americans and Soviets! The Assembly, if FAMILY LIFE INSTITUTE

nothing else, if no agreements were ever made (and there are many), EXTENSIVE RECREATION PROGRAM outlines the current state of disagreement. To know the status of

disagreement at least gives the poliRICH COURSE OFFERINGS IN SEVEN MAJOR SCHOOLS ticians and people of the world a sense of objectives, of things to be Eminent Visiting Faculty in Many Fields, in Addition to accomplished, of the ground to be covered. This is the essence of reResident Members.

ducing international relationships to manageable proportions. The AsFirst 6 to July 15sembly of the United Nations is a session—June

potentially great achievement.

18 to August 19 The Security Council, the SecSecond session—July

retariat, the International Court of

Justice, are all devices for getting to Write the President's Office or Dean of Summer School for catalog.

work on the problems coming to them directly, or revealed in discussions. They are human instituUTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

tions. LOGAN, UTAH

Surrounding the Assembly and {Continued on page 188) MARCH 1949 187 THE PROBLEM OF INTERNATIONAL WARFARE (Continued from page 187) There is a Pearl Harbor or an UN for achieving world consensus?

the "political"organs of the UN Ethiopia or a Poland, and we are Without consensus it cannot realize are over twenty specialized commisshocked. What caused it out there? the hopes entrusted to it by many

sions and agencies, such as the What conditions, political, economtrusting souls.

Economic and Social Council. For ic, social, lie behind these events? In the first place global consensus,

the first tim& in human history repThis is a universe of law, not of involving a selfdesired status for resentatives of mankind as a whole chance. The factfinding scientific the geographically and culturallyhave within grasp the understanding instrumentalities of the United Naseparated peoples of the modern

of the human problems that distions and similar undertakings are national states, is a tremendously locate society. But what are the perhaps the best investment for any more difficult problem than confacts regarding the world itself? one's research dollar in the world sensus for the family, the culturallyThe world crowds in on us, productoday. unified community, or even a polying war and economic dislocation. What are the prospects of the glot nation girded about by internal

security measures and national power. These four aspects of consensus

may be isolated and inspected as ) communiTREASURE part of the problem: ( 1

cation, (2) agreement, (3) enforceoalore ment, (4) adjustment.

1. Communication. Nations, like

people in the home, must understand each other. This is a problem in

communicating ideas, supported by the desire for understanding. To

overcome the language barriers imposed on international assemblages, modern science has come to the rescue with the unique electronic devices whereby a Frenchman, an

American, and a Mexican can sit with earphones on their heads and hear a Russian speech in their own languages. The Russian delegate

Broadman Books to Grow On willFrenchspeakdelegatein Russian.will hearButhim thein

French. This is a technical ad-

a dark and lonely peak vantage beyond those developed by the League of Nations. The UN is SECRETS OF OLD STORMY not satisfied with sitting in meetings

Elsie Grant Henson $2.00 as a device for gaining understandOne of elevenyear-old Reuel's greatest desires is ing. It has used the device of active

to explore Old Stormy, a mysterious mountain field study, with international teams near the ancient city of Derbe. In Old Stormy's in the field, reporting to their respecChristians caves, hide enemies. from their Roman tive internationl bodies. They are other parts, robber wait to He in bands And on

attack travelers. The interesting and dangerous only newborn devices. But their

experiences of is Rueul and Christian Timothy, his approach soundly scientific—to

full a story of adventure friend, make and field into the mystery. get the facts; and get

to solve problems in terms of the a boyhood in bondage conditions imposed by the problems;

tVl! BOY OF THE WILDERNESS cooperatively,and the work onis abeingworldapproachedbasis. We

Emma Pettey $2.00 have to meet conditions to solve

Gether was a little slave boy eleven years old problems.

his of people out Moses led when toward Egypt the Land, Promised but it well. he remembers He heavenThere. is.. a uponlaw, whichirrevocablyall blessingsdecreed arein also the his beatings father remembers suffered

before the Exodus. In this book, Gether, now an predicated. (D. & C. 130:20.)

old man, tells his grandchildren of the ten most terrible nights in his boyhood. HPhe Security Council sits in conat your bookseller tinuous session. The channels

for communication are always open, to both the the eleven members of to BROADMAN PRESS body nonmembers. and The

NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE SecretaryGeneral and a growing international staff (chiefly Ameri188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA can ) are continuously at work. The ment, at any time, is likely to refuse would probably be no organization.

prospects for communication were to enforce a UN recommendation. Lost, therefore, would be the prior

never better, so far as governmental The enforcement power of the oropportunities for communication relations are concerned. UNESCO ganization, such as it is, then, rests and agreement and adjustment.

has a project for wide international ( 1 ) in the member governments; 4. Adjustment. Nothing is so cerexchange of scholars and students, (2) in the governments of the pertain, it seetns, as social and politifor a worldwide radio network. Inmanent members of the Security cal change. The United States Conternational communication between Council—France, Great Britain, stitution could have become a most

peoples leaves much to be desired. China, the U.S.S.R., and the U.S.A. rigid instrument. If that had been

The chances for achieving "the If these five governments agree to its history, it would no longer be a germs of this intelligence,"as Prespeaceful enforcement measures, or factor in American life. Even with

ident Taylor said, are with us. anything else, it is quite likely that the flexible provisions for amend-

2. Agreement. The threescore the approval can be wellnigh uniment, for growth through usage and

Soviet vetoes in the Security Counversal. custom, for growth through judicial,

cil are often cited as an evidence of If the enforcement measures of congressional, executive, and poputhe failure of the UN. The hunthe charter were more strict, there (Concluded on page 190)

dreds of agreements reached on many items are overlooked. The

painstaking agreements on small points reached in the Security Council outweigh in proportion, the vetoes, unfortunate as the latter may seem. The veto provision in the

Security Council was the price of having such an organization. It was

the price of American, as well as of

Russian acceptance. The UN does

not subtract from the possibility of agreement. It does add something

if it only makes bare the degree and areas of disagreement. In doing so,

the world has achieved something approaching scientific value. Peace

takes practice.

3. Enforcement. Enforcement is

a vital part of maintaining consensus at home, in the city, or anywhere. Enforcement affects future

agreement and adjustment. Spanking and warfare have this in common. The enforcement process is

thereforer fraught with more consequences than any other element in consensus. It is on the point of

agreement on enforcement measures that the charter of the United Nations recognizes the veto power we have been discussing. In this light,

the veto power may prevent war, for, if the United Nations is ever forced to take action (or "enforcement measures"), it will amount to war. War is the ultimate enforcement measure provided in the charter. Therefore the remedy may, in

many cases, be worse than the original disease. Therefore, the veto power and the voluntary cooperation of

all members require a certain respect not often given it. By virtue of its

recognition, Westphalialike, that "the organization is based on the principle of the sovereign equality

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHof all peace loving states,"the UN GLADE CANDY COMPANY recognizes that any member governMARCH 1949 189

The Problem of International WarfareTWO MUSTS FDR YDUR LIBRARY! (Concluded from page 189)

it yet apart blew "WHAT to be put TRUTH IS"larin 18611865interpretation,and had SECOND WAR IN HEAVEN"gether again by blood and iron. ThetoWonderful new books of inspirational philosophy by one of charter of the United Nations permits formal amendment by twoUtah's best known authors, Prof. N. L. Nelson, former teacher thirds majority, including the conof English and Religious Education at B. Y. U. Also author currence of the Big Five. But the

of "SCIENTIFIC ASPECTS OF MORMONISM"(now out of print.) real hope for adjustment, as in the

case of the U. S. Constitution, lies

For Sale at: not in the process of formal amendDeseret Bonk Stare flnokcraft Company ment, but in the slow process of growth and usage. James Bryce

44 East South Temple 1186 South Maint Street paid the U. S. Constitution the comSalt Lake City 10, Utah Salt Lake City 4. Utah

pliment of ranking Also at all leading book dealers... above every other written constitution for the intrinsic excellence of its

scheme, its adaptation to the circumstances of the people, the simplicity, brevity, and of its language, its judicious mixture of definiteness in principle with elastic- details. ity in Better Bred 4* *vlL BLACKCHICKENKILLSLICE precision

and Much the same can be said for the LEAF 40 FEATHERMITES CHICKS Charter of the United Nations. CAPBRUSH

is to remains the be done APPLICATOR What LegWhit RAMSHAW the Tap CapBrush on horn Chicks are is usage to the put. charter which the roosts smear the and

product of the of one utilizes drops. the This to This is up as any us as much powerful Black Leaf40 nation's largest U.S.R.O.P. breedgreatest fumes to It others. will require great wisdom ing programs, mountainbred bristles lor coverage. giveNo

to absorb hardiness, and waste health prohigh and forbearance. belief that the and Any theliquid. peneFumes fine duction. Also quality Heavy trate the feathers of politiitself is a kind of modern UN. varieties. Catalog price and chickens, list1 roosting

killing It is cal magic discarded. body has to be free. U.S.R.O.P. and U.S. Aphandling of lice.poultry.No proved, Passed. U.S. Pullorum not. Its future has to be deterfordirections Write on W. Ed Romshaw—H. Grant Ivins feathermite control. mined.

Buy only in original As predicted by Moroni to Joseph factorysealedcontainers to insure full strength. Smith, September 21, 1823, God's RAMSHAW spirit has been poured out on all naHATCHERIES BREEDING FARMS 4817 tions (Joel's prophecy); a prophet

ounce One 3687 %% STATE SOUTH treats has a saving been sent with mesabout 90 chickens Salt City 6, Lake Utah sage for mankind (Acts feet 3:2223); of roost. 60—

an ensign for the nations has been

TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS & CHEMICAL CORPORATION

Nicotine Specialists Since 1885 established and the gathering of

RICHMOND VIRGINIA modern Israel and Judah commenced.

(Isaiah 11.) If the last war and

the atom bursts which completely oxidize steel pillars do not indicate a "day of burning"(Malachi's prophecy), then something is wrong with ordinary understanding. Lest

Hear BETTER with j atthe his"wholecoming,"earththebe priesthoodutterly wastedhas "TELEX 99"| been revealed. (Moroni's promise

The 5-ounce Hearing Aid that is bringing and Malachi's prophecy. ) I presume

to thousands! Happiness""Hearing devoted - all in that favor of the a having flames or j iorjor 4-1382 Phone Come xourselj in—Write—or, the rise higher, merely burn deeper and s ForF sure CENTER TELEX HEARING. A. Be V<*sl. sit brighter, can for wait the and friend Jarnes E. R. CO. MORRIS conflagration. rest of us The had * City Bldg., Salt Lake 504 Judge author Send me your FREE brochure on how *Ar better turn our hearts to our fathers,

hear I can tion to me whatever. more naturally. No obliga-; KBF on,our inchildren'sa chain heartsreactionto us,worthyand soof

SINCE 1863 the method of God: Name

kindness, and pure knowledge.... Address

C. 121:42.) HtlOnal BIBLES (D.By&

SEND COUPON or POSTAL CARD TODAY Wherever Bibles are Sold sJames Bryce, The American Commonwealth. 1:2425 (1891)

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

Z>L Wontk Witk CHURCH PUBLICATIONS For EFFECTIVE TeachingThe Relief Society Magazine.. In the home

'T'he March issue of The Relief SoIn the classroom ciety Magazine features an article by Belle S. Spafford titled, The Spirit These two faithpromoting record albums

of the Gospel, which was given at the

Relief Society conference. Three otherarticles should prove of special interJOSEPH SMITH'S OWN STORY

est: The Song of the Lark by Ivy Your appreciation of the Prophet's account of the origin and rise of the

Williams Stone, A Young Mother DisChurch will grow as you listen to this documentary reading by Lynn A.

covers Relief Society by Margaret F. McEinlay of the KSL staff.

Richards—also a conference talk Three records in album $4.75

Hawaii and the Latterday Saints by

Rosannah Cannon Irvine. There are

six or seven articles that deal with SEVEN IMMORTAL HYMNS

Latterday Saints, speciallyspecial features for the home, includHymns loved by the arranged for and sung ing one by James M. Kirkham on cleanby the Promised Valley Quartet, four highly talented returned missionaries.

is also inthird prize storyup. The Three records in album $3.95

in this issue:cluded Compromise by

Mildred R. Stutz, in addition to the At your local book dealer and record dealer

serial Joanna by Margery Stewart, and the short stories: The House of or direct from

Leaves by Blanche Sutherland, and

We Are So Busy by Sylvia ProbstYoung. RECORDING ARTS, INC.

19 West South Temple Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Instructor.. Watch for announcements of other record releases of special interest to

President David O. McKay, whose Latterday Saints.

heart will always be with the Sunday School writes the guest editorial in

The Instructor for March. He has

titled it "The Potency of Personal Influence."Then follow a biographical

the regandsketch of Lorenzo Snow TO UTAH TURKEY GROWERS for Jkankd centennial year of thisular features mountains. in the Schoolsthe Sunday for their confidence in us and patronage regional article dealing SunwithThe

day Schools this month is on the organizations in southern California. The for the coming year

lesson helps are for the month of May, for 1949. this date, of that sold are out completely a As we We know a suggestedand program is outlined lot of visited personally our breeding farm you have have and and

for Mother's Day services. to that the extent sold are impressed great been a we now hatcheryout—and

many more of you have heard of our disease control program, which we

The Children's Friend.. flocksfeel is everythe besttwoin weeksthe U.S.by Thisa stateprogramveterinarian,consists ofthen,the examinationif any diseaseof allis

The March Children's Friend has found in any bird, the entire flock is disqualified.

some special features which will We also feel that some of you ordered your poults after talking to delight children and parents. A new someone who has visited our flocks.

serial by Dorothy Clapp Robinson, To all who have helped in any way to make this a sellout year, we titled The Ghost of Last Chance, comagain say, "We appreciate your business and will do everything that is mences in the March issue. The Story willhumanlybe a possiblerepeat orderto deliverin 1950."your poults on time and in a way that yours

of Our Missions by Edith S. Patrick

and Jerry Sain is continued. Other

stimulating stories that will prove are BARIOCKER FARMS AND HATCHERY Dorothy Washout M. Mead, byThe

a story of heroism; Buster Panther or WILLIAM A. BARLOCKER, Manager

Gar Fish for Supper by Rose Leion; At Enterprise, Utah: At St. George, Utah:

Willie Wind by Eva Willes WangsLeon Barnum, Assistant Mgr. Leo A. Hansen, Salesman

gaard for the little folk. Fun with MuFrancis Slack, Hatchery Salt Lake City

Clinton Gentry, illustrated sic Cornwall, Spencer by J. Grosinberg, Hatchery Elmer Salesman Paul Tompson is included. Wolters, Fred Jr.,by Of City Cedar P. Staheli Kenneth

interest folk will to special young be Willard Cuff, Robert Tompson Salesman the puzzles and games, the arts and Milo Ence Marysvale crafts, the paint and cutout pages, and Breeding Farms the pet page.

MARCH 1949 191 0\A?L mm

the Speech""Speak L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S ADDRESSES OF HOMES

deserves a bouquet for his City Brigham Norman Lee of Cor. 24th 1104 24th St., & "C,"San Diego, S longtime support of these feeble efforts toward better 1836 Alice St., Oakland, Calif, Calif.

speech. His latest comment on the "Speak the Speech"for 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

January needs to be passed on to others that they may benefit 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

from his wise comments:

"I recall that Dr. Talmage was in the habit of emphasizing Naval Station Services

the impropriety of saying 'in the name of Jesus,'leaving off L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

the name 'Christ.'His point was that 'Jesus'is such a cominformation:

Friday held p.m. in each at 8 are S. services "L. D. it is inthe name among mon Mexicans—for instance—that

St., Station, Hall, Norfolk Frazier. Naval 28th 245 West the Christ... sufficient in of speaking

"Do you ever hear the word 'You'in prayers? People... Norfolk, Virginia."

use it once in a while. In fact, they'll mix up the pronouns,

saying, 'We thank thee for our blessings and pray that you will continue to bless us,'etc."pleasure in saying that I consider Jack Sears the most original

The common acceptance of "thou, thee, thy, or thine"in cartoonist in America—his source of ideas seems to flow conprayers lends a dignity and a reverence to this usage. It stantly with undiminished volume."

sometimes comes with the force of a distinct shock when The late Arthur Brisbane, one of the world's widest read someone uses the "you"which has come to be associated columnists wrote: "... I am really very sorry to learn that

with the everyday world about us. you think of leaving New York. You know that I like your Elder Lee also included in this stimulating letter a saying work and think it improves—because I have steadily bought

that he coined: "A purist is one whose language has been it.

at of as instructor in art from University the Utah was hits sterilized."He statement Dr. Widtsoe Which home—since

retired. 1945, 30, he to when June well! 1919 "the L. Evans and Richard purist!"Oh, call me

—Mi C. ]. But beginning on page 155, Jack Sears tells part of his

own story. (See "Mission to Polynesia,"page 142.)

MRS. NETTIE RENCHER HUNT of Apostles,"the "Proclamation Jr., Reeder, H. William of granddaughter "R Jrs. Nettie Rencher, Addison Hunt is that the scholars naturally of 149, one one page on 1V1 for years, his and, caretaker journals, of many pratt, of the ordinary is desired something out turns to on when

in her has but since Utah, born her been Arizona home was lives in reared, born, history. and Ogden, was Church He

called parents to colonize were is old the of graduate a Utah. He

in there 1878. College, Logan, Brigham Young

first responsibilposition of Her his obtained in 1910, and Utah, ity in the Church came when she LL.B. degree from the University was fourteen—the call to be a Sunof Pennsylvania, at Philadelphia.

teacher. then unday From of the set as president apart was He

til herself describes she now—andSchool States on Mission England New as passed "threequarters having of in 12, served 1941, and December

living,"century of a she has been headquarters capacity, with that active in some capacity in the at Cambridge, Massachusetts, unChurch, ofhaving served as an til wife, 1947. Like his May

ficer in auxiliary every of the S. president general Reeder, Bertha

Church. of the Mutual Young Women's

of her have poems been Many the of Association Improvement in published Relief Society The is intensely interested Church, he

Magazine, Young Woman's its Jour'in youth problems. has and He Nettie Hunt Rencher William H. Reeder nal, in three antholLiahona, and district his been of a counmember

verse. ogies of achievement One cil, of Scouts America, Boy of and a board member the Utah justly she of which be proud may State School. Blind Deaf and

is of the publication of the journal her grandmother under -$- the title, "Mormondom's First Woman Missionary—Louisa

Barnes Pratt."

active in Mrs. Rencher the has been Snowflake Stake

third Mission, having recently her accepted has HUMOR call. She

served for six years as secretary of that mission, taking Too Late to Mend special care in recording the genealogy of Indian converts. Author: "Well, sir, the upshot of it was that it took me

ten years to discover that I had absolutely no talent for writing literature."

is "Sketchingly, or Sears, Sears,"as he Jack known Jack Friend: gave up?""You

friends, to countless old friend personal of Imis an The Author: "Oh, no; by that time I was too famous."

his latest contribution being "Drinking, Era, provement

Smoking and Ideas."The End

great the been Jack Sears has not only numbered among read in "You've haven't you?"asked the author. my last book, - his professional also field but has

the critic. "I hope so,"groaned of character, in qualities great been

in his personal maintaining standRainbow Hued ards, and in helping many aspiring young people to find their careers "Your narrative is too highly colored,"remarked the editor, and to keep straight in their actions returning the bulky manuscript.

and attitudes. "In what way?"inquired the disappointed author.

To tell of him is to tell of a man "Why,"replied the editor, "in the very first chapter you who has won the respect of great make the old man turn purple with rage, the villain turn green in names his profession—commercial and newspaper art—because he redwithwithenvy,blushes,the heroand turnthe detectivewhite withturnanger,blue withthe heroinecold."turn

carried with him and practised the

Turn A Good ideals of his home, wherever he with his drawings. Jack Sears went the piano "My wife used to play W. A. Ireland, who was at the time dren came she doesn't have time."a lot, but since the chilcartoonist for The Columbus Dispatch, once said, "I take great "Children are a comfort, aren't they?"

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA yu. ChuL nhkh$xL by.

v&u fjood. {BodL yajjL fisiaiL

ARTICLES OF FAITH—Missionary PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH..$3.25

Edition $1.35 By Preston Nibley

By lames E. Talmage Biographies of 8 presidents.

JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN SWEET LOVE REMEMBER'D $2.75

PROPHET $3.25 By Helen Cortez Stafford

By John Henry Evans True story of the unfoldment of character in the settings of pioneering, in the A VOICE FROM THE DUST $4.00 colonizing and homebuilding

wilderness beyond the frontier.

Compiled by Janet B. Dee

The Book of Mormon illustrated. THREE MORMON CLASSICS $2.75

COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY OF Trueneverto-beforgottenstories of three greatcharacterscareers—of

THE CHURCH $26.00 Wilford Woodruff, George Q. Cannon,

By Brigham H. Roberts Jacob Hamblin.

Six volumes, from 1805 to 1930.

SCOUTING FOR THE MORMONS DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF ON THE GREAT FRONTIER....$2.00

THE CHURCH—Vol. 1 and 2 By Sidney A. and E. Kay Hanks

available per volume $2.00 Adventures flavored with faith and

Joseph Smith's history. Period 1. good will.

THE GOSPEL $1.25 BRIGHAM YOUNG AT HOME..$2.50

By B. H. Roberts By Clarissa Young Spencer and Mabel Harmer

A play by play story of life with father

KEY TO THEOLOGY.$1.25 told by one of the children. The great

By Parley P. Pratt colonizer seen in a new light—the man

at home.

PRELUDE TO THE KINGDOM....$2.75

By Gustive O. Larsen

Cooperative enterprises of the Latterday Saints.

When cash accompanies the order, we pay the postage. All prices are subject to change

without notice. May we send a current price list?

DESERET BOOK COMPANY "Education lives as long as you read good books."

44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

DEEP ROOTS...

Rugged sentinel, twisted and gnarled, withstanding wind and storm through countless

decades. Still it stands and receives nourishment from ancient taproots.

Your family may continue to receive the advantages and necessities you would always like to provide if safeguarded by the taproots of your estate. Now, in your best

years, plan an adequate program of life insurance to meet the needs of tomorrow.

ERA 9APAWT VOLUMETHE IMPROVEMENT52 NUMBER 3

George Albert Smith, Pre. Salt Lake City. Utah RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH