NOVEMBER. 1933

Return Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City. Utah

i:'"''""'.. v.-.J.I'

Xy;- 1 i#| Restless, Active America 1

to Wants Know What is Happening—When—Where—How

There is no better way of finding out all the news of the world—the day

it in the evening paper. The Deserel News is well equipped to happens—than

bring to you all the news, local, state and national.

In addition to the news of the day we have many features. Men and

women of local and national prominence write regularly for The Deseret Netcs.

One subscriber writes, ''The Church Section of the Saturday paper is worth the price of the year's subscription."A weekly message from all departments of the Church to you.

Great care is taken to see that the ''News"is kept "clean."It is a home

paper, printed for the children as well as the grownups.

The price is only 15 cents a week. Who can afford to be without it?

In addition to the wonderful service as

Never in the history of the world have so partially described above, we offer our readers many great events crowded themselves upon an accident insurance policy for all those each other as they are today. You want who walk or travel. Paying as much as

to keep want to know what's $10,000.00 and a weekly indemnity for posted—you

doing! If you are not a reader of the "News"accidental injury. Cost for policy is only

send your subscription in today. $1.25 a year. Insure today, because tomorrow may be too late.

hf tstvH 'Ntmn SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

"'i'ife.

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor Heber J. Grant, Editor Elsie Talmage Brandley, Asso. Editor

ARTICLES Restraints and Conventions—Why? Pres. J. Reuben Clark 771

The Frontispiece Mabel Frazer 773

What's in a Word Elsie C. Carroll 777

Louisa May Alcott. L. D. Stearns 780

The Poetry of Childhood: Julia W. Wolfe 782Brigham H. Roberts—A Tribute T. Pauly 783

The Power of Truth -Wm, George Jordan 784

Angels and Amazons - 796 Hiking Into History and Horticulture Frank R. Arnold 798

Another Book Was Opened T. J. Howells, M. D. 825

FICTION Cuthbert Tells the Truth. - L Estelle W. Thomas 77

Trumpets at Dusk. E. Gorton Covington 778

The Beloved Cinderella Mary Imlay Taylor 788

Greenbacks and Quarterbacks Samuel Taylor 792,

POETRY WatertonGlacier Peace Park C. Frank Steele 776

November Moon Leone E. McCune 786

Afterglow Rachel Grant Taylor 787

Hallowe'en Algie Hubert 797 Alone Virginia Eggertson 799 Knowing G. Selander 807

Faith. Catherine E. Berry 820

My Favorite Topic L. Paul Roberts 821

Sympathy Miranda Walton 823 The Love of the Storm Aurelia Pyper 826

EDITORIALS Let Us Give Thanks H. R. Merrill 800 President Franklin D. Roosevelt says: 801

Authorities General 800New i, says:. cmout 800 ai rakerShould or Avoid a Pestilence.---//. R. Merrill We Welcome

Henry Grady, Though Dead, Speaks Again 801 President Grant says: 801

DEPARTMENTS Book Reviews 802 M MenGleaners 815

Lights and Shadows on the Screen 803 M Men 815 808 Gleaners 816Priesthood—Melchizedek

1 Juniors Aaronic - 8 817 Vanguards 810 817"Be of Good Cheer"—Ward Teachers'Message

1 Girls 8Executive BeeHive 813

Adults. - 8 1 Boy Scouts 8 1

Seniors 814 Your Page and Ours 832

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations and Department of Education

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, General Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

UT. CITY, STREET, SALT NORTH MAIN LAKEClarissa Beesley, A. Associate City, secondclass Utah, Lake as Mgr, 50Copyright, 1932, Mutual Improvement by the Young Men's B. Peterson,O. Business Mgr, for matter. at mailing Acceptance Ccfrporation Association Jesus Church of the Chri of

Morris,George Q. rate of special postage provided for Saints. rights reserved. All of Latterday

Katie C. Jensen Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 30c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

la

V >e

s

Si

Kesfraints and (onventtonsyhy?

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

1HAVE been asked to write It must ever be remembered that the straints and conventions shall be something for the young peotestimony of an interested witness abolished, is a proposal which obple of the Church. I am happy may be always, and justifiably, viously may not be wisely settled

to give a few thoughts by way of scrutinized to determine its value. by a flat "yes"or "no."Each prosuggestion. The proposal by a thief—under posal to wipe out a particular conthe vention or to demolish a particular If I were asked to name what I trial for grand larceny—that

restraint the of be of honesty law restraint be must examined on its outstandconsidered to be the most is abolished, of serious not worthy merits a before wise conclusion own life, particuing trend of modern larly among the young people, I consideration. can be reached thereon. Certainly

that existing resome conventions and restraintsthink I would say it is the rebellion A proposal against the restraints and convenmust be retained; it is equally certions of our present life, whether tain that others might be changed

those restraints and conventions afor abolished. The restraint which

fect our physical, intellectual, or forbids murder may not be safely spiritual activities and being. Some abandoned; the convention which

may say this rebellion shows merely prescribes the difference between a wish for greater liberty; others dinner jacket and full evening dress

may consider it a destructive demight be forgotten.

mand for complete license. As frequently happens, neither extreme A NY suggestive discussion of this

view seems wholly right. The subject might assume that,

truth probably lies somewhere bebroadly speaking at least, there are tween. certain things in our civilization,

To reach a reasonably sound culture, and religion which everyconclusion as to the rightfulness or one will admit are either desirable, wisdom upon the whole general or necessary, or both, to retain.

question of restraints and convenWe may take, as a premise, that tions, as also upon any particular restraint convention, or one must President J. Reuben shouldthere arepossesscertainandvirtues,retainwhichas goodwe

not lose sight of certain basic conClark, Jr. citizens, as upright men and

siderations. women, civilized of and as members

society. virtues such Among we To begin with, I am justified in secondPresidentcounselorJ. Reubenin the FirstClark,PresiJr.,

saying that one may properly look dency of the Church, has been intromight perhaps list certain "thou closely at any proposed new "freeduced to readers of The Improveshalt nots"of the Decalogue—thou the ment Era (see September, 1933, restraint or convention fromdom"shalt steal, lie, not kill, nor nor nor number) President by S. Briant ifin order to learn what any peradultery, commit the to virtues and Hinckley. this article,.In written

sonal interest the advocate of the expressly for The Improvement Era, so negatively commanded, might be proposal has therein. Personal obhe has expressed his views on a subadded affirmatively, the need for inject which, in these questioningservation the supports statement dustry sobriety. and virtues These

times, has frequently discussed been speaks for tearingthat he the who because at looking are named manespecially the by young. "Why of convention the doing anddown as a whole at the and these Chrisrestraints?"the asks. kind youth

away with restraint may be one President Clark has replied in a most tian nations particularly, these who wishes to escape the odium of logical and friendly manner. We characteristics seem to be basic to

article the ail to those commend who defect of orsome habit his own their civilization. to seem They are sometimes if led to wondercharacter, else having everyone by the be equally basic to of any form "strait and after narrow path,"

either become as he is or take his all. is the path which leads to the orderly society of which we can

point of view. The fable of the abundant life. conceive. For if every person

fox with the short tail, is in point. murdered and robbed and lied and

772 The Improvement Era for November, 1933

loafed and caroused, if there were immaterial; if we lay hold of a dition of which we are cognizant,

an indiscriminate association of the copper wire, heavily charged with it is inconceivable that affairs of sexes, no ordered society could electricity, we are killed—again the mind and spirit of men, emexist, and without such society we neither ignorance nor accident nor bracing the moral and spiritual

have scant ground for hoping, and preference will avail us. Acid world, are not also controlled by

no ground for believing, that huburns our flesh, water drowns us, law. This is certainly true in so

manity could escape becoming poison gas kills us. These results far as the physical condition inmerely animal. all come from the operation of volves the moral conduct, for there

if consideraSo, is the foregoing laws they are immutable; which a neither near relationship—and

affirm, as aretions execute sound, themselves; its not they do we may nearness nor its nature are nowa necessary conclusion, that organdepend either upon our knowledge understood—between biological

ized society demands some restraints of their existence, or upon our conman and moral man.

and some conventions. How much sent to their operation, or upon For example, a blow upon the

and what, of either or both, is a our desire that they manifest themhead which injures the brain may more difficult question, and the selves; the penalty inevitably folcompletely destroy a man's moral

answer to the question will in some lows the violation. sense, yet physically his body may

measure depend upon the persons We say the penalty inevitably continue to function; so with inand people affected and their state follows the violation—this is true jury to the brain and nervous sysof civilization and righteousness. tem by riotous living. A man may

The greater the civilization and temporarily destroy or suspend his righteousness which a person or a moral sense by becoming drunk.

people shall possess, the less will These things come about by the be the need of restraint and conoperation of laws controlling our vention. physical bodies and indirectly our

moral sense, which laws function 'THE qualities or virtues just with the same certainty and in the named have obviously much same manner as other physical if not most to do with what might laws; they are selfexecutory, that

be considered the moral side of our is, they need no other agency to lives as distinguished from the enforce them; they operate without

merely animal side. But, in fact, our knowledge, and irrespective of

it is the moral side of our natures our consent or will.

which makes us more than mere Thus a person rebelling against animals. the restraint of law, rebels against

Some have a disposition to resent a principle which permeates and any moral convention or restraint, controls all nature, including the himself,or any hampering of their presumed very existence—being—of

"natural instincts,"as being conand controls also his moral conduct.

trary to the natural order, which, as their criticism shows, they conjpOR a number of obvious reasons assume we must that man is alsoceive to be a state of complete Presideut Clarks mother intellectually and brother subject to law, andlicense* at Grantsville home in consider one We may qualCertain But this conclusion is untrue, for unless some other law intervenes to spiritually.suggestive example:

nature is law, not license. obviate or mitigate the penalty. If ities such as love and hate, joy and

The physical world is fully conwe step from a cliff in a parachute, grief, mercy and justice, charity and trolled by law; if it were not, it if we touch the stove with asbestos unforgiveness, ambition and hucould not and would not exist. gloves, if we take hold of the mility, are common in a greater or

are gloves, if we wear a gas mask, we all men display these qualities inHeat,matter—air,light, electricity,water, earth—allwhat we call charged copper wire with rubber less degree to all men; within limits,

subject to and controlled by law. may escape injury. But these esthe same way, manifest them by the

Our bodies being matter, are equally capes are themselves the result of same sort of acts; and all men dissubject to great physical laws from the operation of other laws. close these qualities and invoke

none of which is there any escape. Thus whether we will or will them generally upon the same

Merely by way of illustration: not, we are physically amenable to causes. While the operation of the

If we walk off a cliff, we fall. It the physical law. Indeed, we are laws controlling these qualities is

is immaterial whether we know the not only amenable to physical law, not always so obvious, nor is that cliff is there, or whether we know but as just stated, our very physical operation amenable to such precise we will fall if we walk off, or existence is due to the operation of definition as is the operation of whether we desire to fall, or those laws, and without the unphysical laws, yet that operation is whether we step off the cliffy by one varying operation of the definite just as certain.

foot or jump off by five feet; the and predetermined laws which Illustrations of a like kind might

result is the same and inevitable. function without our knowledge be added covering the growth and

If we touch a hot stove we are or will or consent, we would not development of the mind, which burned, ignorance of its heat, or an exist. would indicate just as definite conaccidental touching, or our own Now since the physical world trolling laws, but it is not thought

preferences, or our lack of knowland our human existence are subject necessary to do so in order to make edge that hot stoves burn, all are to law, in every relation and conthe point that intellectually and

The Improvement Era for ISovemher, 1933 773

morally we are controlled by defiagain to that great code for an extively small people; they were weak

nite and certain laws. ample. spiritually from their long contact

However, there is this fundaThe first commandment of the with idolatrous Egypt; they were

mental difference between the operDecalogue is: about to take up a residence among

ation of the physical laws—as they "Thou shalt have no other gods before other people who were idolaters,

intellectual me. worshiping many gods; this idolare termed herein—and

or moral laws to which reference atry was of a vicious sort that was has just been made. In the latter TN our time when the Western inconsistent with and in fact dethe personal will of the individual World has come to a worship of structive of, the life which God's

may undoubtedly step in and modone God only, the need for such a people must live to remain His peoify the manifestation and effect of commandment, as among ourselves, ple and to do the work which He the exercise of the quality, and peris no longer necessary, unless it is had planned for them. God's work

haps modify even the quality itself. to be applied figuratively. (It may could not then, and cannot now,

We may will to restrain our love be parenthetically observed that be maintained in partnership with and control our hate, to keep withsuch an application might not be a a worship which alls for the in limits our joy and to expose our strained one, for modern man has, heathenish practices of human sacgrief, to refrain from mercy and to in a too large extent, made marifice and grossly immoral rites.

temper justice, to suppress charity terialism his god.) Our own civilization cannot be preand to curtail unforgiveness, to But ancient Israel, to whom the served in the presence of such

strangle ambition and to throw command was given, was not in heathenish practices, for a moaside humility. But such operation this situation. They were a relament's reflection will show how

of the will is not dissimilar, indeed human sacrifice would outrage is analagous to the work of the every feeling of humanity that parachute, the asbestos and rubber generations have fostered and gloves, and the gas mask, for the The Frontispiece would wipe out the society that certainwill itself functions under it, heathenish imwhile painted four adopted was influencescontrolling and laws, to practices lead morality would first animal so THEyearsFURROW"ago and is my that its interposition in the modicomposition. I submit it in preference to and exercises that would destroy

I qualities pictures because Italianfication later the of of one human the my unit which upon family—the believe makes makes that Utah "what arbitrary or eithernamed, is not is all is built that good have we

art in products, in other and Utah"uncontrolled. disease as as breed well spread and bit are studies a perhaps while newer myas

As with our physical and moral more melodious in color or a little surer in that would wipe out the people existence, so with our spiritual extreatment, none have greater conviction adopting it. The fact that the

them. behind are certainistence, for here also peoples mighty human who erected

little a becomes Discernment numbdefinite, are controlling laws which sacrifice practices and immoral process the long, of arduous through comis, they reposing a picture. I am not yet certain that religious ceremonies and beliefs,selfexecutory—that into

quire no other agency but themevery line and mass in this are in complete have been blotted out from the selves to enforce them. Moreover, harmony, but before I am through every earth, while those holding such

that will against be heavingthey operate whether we know of element furrow things in abomination have init. Life depends into line with or sweeping

them or not, or whether we wish upon that furrow. We may think it decreased and flourished, comes near

them to operate or not. These pends upon money, taxes, education, to the point of proof (if any proof

laws are eternal and immutable. whims diverse. It does not. Life depends were needed) that Christianity is

yielding rich earth's to the moist upon spirits, like bodies and ourOur is the right idolatry wrong and heathen

I that tried concentrate to have deplow. minds,like our and grow may race cannot and that the human in straining of the horses the bulk thought

as the really they of motion man's swoop down happens standards.velop;retrograde—whatthey may dwarf, they may and man, in the gulls repeating the rhythm progress under those heathenish

the behind plow. orbeing whether dependent upon as goes experience So far human set Schools I to belong no school. that govern laws obey thenot we experiences such to we must is in technique, technique not fashions but—and

spiritual existence and development. art. The idea, the message to be conveyed, appeal for human knowledge and

spiritual basic be dictate are a technique to the emshould There few spiritual great law, wisdom—this the ployed. technique domiNever should are therelaws of which know; is we just in this expressed command,

the nate message. rules deofvery conduct many just just as universal, as inescapable, life. is great vitality of art All The

ducible from those laws and deart must have roots deep in a native soil. as selfexecutory, just as indesigned for securing obedience to It can be neither borrowed nor lent. Things pendent of our wills and consent,

expressed convictions deep without find shallthe laws. both the can as of We law which we any physical

rarely are they greatly be convincing, in never rules of conductlaws and the Violate the and we law know. pettiness. superficial bits of than more

Bible, Book of That, briefly, sums up my philosophy of suffer; obey it and we are blessed.the scriptures—the

Mormon, Doctrine and Covenant, art, and I try to measure up to it. This is the evidence and testimony

virile in I love are the Zion. in thePearl of My roots of history. Great Price—and all, it the youtfi of of glory the openinspired writings of and utterances

fields, majestic spaces, the the teemingthe leaders of the Church. mountains. Being an articulate soul I try NE law we may take from the

is It necessary to catalogue not reaction. to express as merit Such my my teachings the of Savior—that sincerity has results downright from rules workthese laws, nor and would talents, uttered the of of by law

experiendless combined study with and list for a present useful besuch our of Talents. Parable the in the him dement, by combination I have which

aspurposes. use already has But it refer to in I shall another Because certain veloped in composition powers and

been made of the Decalogue, God's drawing. connection, I shall quote the parword which came to man from the—Mabel Frazer. able in full

thunders of Sinai, we may resort {Continued on page 805) (cluthbert TELLS THE TRUTH Here is another boy—Cuthbert—by the author of that delightful

series of stories which ran last year about Arnigo Ramons longeared friend.

Cuthbert way, had not Fate, who loves toever reached HOWthe Sixth Grade was a strew misfortune with a liberal mystery to all concerned, himself, hand, chosen this time to smite his father and mother and most of Grandmother Baker with lumbago, all to the new teacher who was and called Cuthbert's mother to guilty of many bitter and disloyal her bedside in a neighboring vilthoughts concerning her predeceslage for an indefinite period, leaving sors who had spinelessly allowed Cuthbert to the mercies of a cruel this outrage. Not that it had hapworld and an unsympathetic

pened suddenly or easily. Not at teacher who regarded offerings of

all. It had been a matter of tearful red apples and flaming boquets of

pleading on the part of his mother, chrysanthemums as merely fruit stern exhortation descending in and flowers and let them mitigate moments of stress to awful threats not at all the severity of her blue on the part of his father, grilling pencil, effort which brought his teacher Cuthbert felt there was no every day nearer nervous prostrasympathy and understanding left tion, and even occasional bursts of in the world. At home, Father,

diligence and head scratching on who callously asserted that he felt the part of Cuthbert himself; of ten years younger since he quit

report cards with an alarming tenteaching night school was blandly dency to descend the scale of the impervious to broad hints and alphabet and hover threateningly "wonders,""I wonder where the over the fatal letter D. Obi river is?'Father would turn

But now, owing to the combined to another page of his paper and efforts of parents and pedagogues remark, "I see the Milleses have with what feeble assistance Cuthgone home from California."

bert was able to give, the twelfth "I wonder what nine times year of his life found him hurled twelve is?"

into the unequal struggle with an "Well, the chances for Mother armful of Sixth Grade books. coming home this month seem

And then the cataclysm! His slim so far."

father announced calmly that he Cuthbert knew now why the was through. No more homefathers of great men always died

work for him. He never had liked early in the story. Fathers were

race. could unsympathetic fractions even Howdecimal anyway, teaching any more an to do the going

a have Lincoln made Abraham he'd them, to and he had dowhen salary!"the her draw and flat for himself lying by on name again tackle if he'dbe them hanged that! that Well, was

fire "figthe to his before stomach a take than he on wouldany more second attack of measles. Besides, ger"on a board if his father had.

he argued, what did he pay taxes CUTHBERT'S father made him get up and come to the for? For the privilege of helping was long suffering but the worm library table and stop trying to

his child dig out his education evehad turned. Tears and expostuspoil his eyes. Kind of seemed like

nings? "You tell that teacher,"lations were useless. There was it was Lincoln's mother that died,

roared father, now fully aroused still Mother and she would unthough. No matter, A feller

to the sense of his wrongs, "that if doubtedly have shouldered the never had a chance now-a-days.

she'll teach you your lessons in double burden cast upon her by There had been times when conschool I'll hear you recite 'em in Father's defection and carried on sidering his assortment of features the evening, but hanged if I'm until she dropped, that being her in the mirror he had concluded

By ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS

Illustrated by CORNELIUS VANDERENDE

that he was quite unbeautiful enough for Fame to have marked him for its own, and he felt with pardonable pride that he was every bit as dumb in school as Bobby

Burns and so would doubtless turn out to be a poet.

rERHAPS he was nearer right than he knew. At any

rate, his teacher, whose views on most subjects were diametrically opposed to Cuthbert's, agreed with him unreservedly as to his dumbness. His wits were always woolgathering. Patiently, with a martyr's patience truly touching, she

would go over and over something she was particularly anxious to "put across"to Cuthbert. Although his wellscrubbed ears

stood out in a deceptively listening attitude and his blue eyes looked earnestly, if unseeingly, at her, his thoughts were usually busy planUTHBEPT ning a beautiful tattoed design on other children that he felt sensitive Civilization! No wonder black

his right arm in which the letter about it and preferred to trust to despair filled her soul and she felt for Hilda his inattentive ears rather than to that in certain cases murder was notH. W.—which stood

Ward across the isle were interface their derision again. He felt only permissible but almost imperwoven with a gorgeous floral dean affinity for this subject not usual ative!

sign, and the teacher's voice, buzfor the topics Miss Grey selected, like a tormenting unceasingly,zing enthusiasm. and set to work with "EXPERIENCES IN THE

bee, annoyed him. Would finished, the His composition he was WEST

woman never stop? pleased with the result and indeed,

Thus it happened that after a a wonderful idea had occurred to Chapter One detailed explanation of the paper him. He would make a continued Surrounded

sittingFriday—Theto be read for TrendEnglishof reviewExploraon storymight ofproduceit and aska chapterMiss Greyeach ifFrihe (dShorty wastion Toward the West—Cuthbert day. How that would simplify in the shade of a big cottonwood

came out of his daydream with a this writing business! when he heard a voice say hands

very hazy idea of what it was all Miss Grey's reception of his inup Shorty, Shorty terned around about. His teacher's voice still itial effort, however, discouraged and their stood a big greeser. A

rang annoyingly in his ears and the him. That was the way with cold chill ran up his back he was

insistent tones seemed to reiterate women, no knowing how they'd afrade to holler to his pal in camp.

the one word Wesf. "It was sometake things! He heard steps as if someone else

thing about the West, I know,"This, then, was Cuthbert's anwas coming he terned around and said Cuthbert to himself. He had swer to Miss Grey's request for a their stood 3 other Mexcans. This

asked the subject so often of the paper on the Westward Trend of is the time for quick acshun thot

776 The Improvement Era for Novem,ber, 1933

Shorty, quick acshun is required, On his right was a neat pile of Aunt Mable that she was not ugly it madeand he sprung to his feet—."manuscripts, badly defaced with enufF to stop a clock and

"That will do, Cuthbert!"Miss blue pencil marks, on his left a her awful mad. It was the truth

Grey's tone was icy. "That gives stack yet to be attacked, revealing because I put Dad's alarm clock

us practically no light on Westhe knew not what horrors. With rite on the table by the side of her

ward Exploration. Rather to the a sigh he shifted his position, bade and it did not stop. I would of

contrary! You may take your his inner man cease clamoring for thot she would rather not stop it

seat!"food, and picked up a smudged and than to stop it. And once I told

Cuthbert and his enthralled bulky manuscript. As he read, her sweety that he looked lots like

audience gave a concerted sigh of his expression, had anyone been my bull pup and I was sent to bed disappointment. present to observe the fact, underwithout any supper. It was the

Well, teachers will be teachers! went various changes, none of them truth only if anybody got mad it

No use to expect human underbetokening boredom—Mr. Bryce ought to been the pup. And once

standing from them! was being entertained for the first when the Bensons from Kansas

It was just before Washington's time that afternoon. City was to dinner Mother spanked

thebirthday that the prinMr. Bryce,

cipal of the school, Brookdale conTHE TRUTH teaspoonsme for tellingwere Auntthem Ednas.that And

ceived the brilliant idea of an Essay Told by Cuthbert Carroll once when Gramma ast me if I

Contest for the Sixth, Seventh and wanted to be like Lincoln and I

Eighth Grades, the subject to be Grown folks don't said No, he looks like a horse, she "Truth,"and himself to examine want a guy to really tell the truth. said, Tom, this boy needs to be

and judge each paper. The prize, They always say they do but don't punished and I bet Gramma has

a "Life of Washington,"which he you bleave it. When the principle told me 1000 times to always tell

considered very appropriate, to be reads this paper he will make me go the truth. This shows that grown

presented at the special exercises to the OfFis and probly expel me people don't really want you to held on that illustrious truthtel- for simply telling the truth. I tell the truth even when they say

ler's birthday. have always been taut to tell the they do.

Miss Grey, whose temper these truth and when I have done it I But the teacher has ast us to rite days was uncertain at the best, was have been punished. Once I told on the subject of truth and I am

frankly cynical in discussing this going to do it alltho I will get move with Miss Brady, the Seventh expeled and I know it.

Grade room teacher. WatertonGlacier Peace The Truth About My Father

"If Charles Bryce doesn't alParkready know that Sixth Grade My father has forgot he was ever pupils can't write on abstract subBy C. Frank Steele a boy and is callus to other people's

jects, he's due to find out someternational(Lines writtenPeace forParktheatdedicationGlacier Park,of theMonIn- sufferings.

tana, in a memorial when nature peacething!"she welremarked. "He's

will good between States the Unitedtcf Canada and and The Truth About My Mother zvas paperscome to through those wade by state leading opened Rotary and Club thinks more ofwithout any offers of assistance projectofficials. andRotarymessagesInternationalwere readsponsoredfrom Primethe My mother

from me, for one!"Minister R. B. Bennett and President Herbert Gramma than she does of her only

"Me, either,"said Miss Brady, Hdover.1932-) The ceremonies took place lune l8, child or she would not leave him

airily, "What's one man's poison IJTATERTO} and Glacier, lovers, hand in his hour of nead.

''inis hand, If another's gets meat. anybody Truth The About Gramma kissed faces eager dawns, fanned by Browsa kick lot reading a kid's of out of

like spirit strange, attuned winds some By isn'travings that actually required choir, is giving always OHE law, to he the ought beby rolling allowed with Soft dreaming, now now it a be but something would me fire; withprivilege. let live, I Live say!"and

if lot give better hole she would these vast of In quietude haunts she added, a keen "Maybe,"with rest, find shall interlude; a healing that back mother Man me own myglance at sort Grey, "he's of Miss seasons pass Here come, grow old and writefully to me. belongs

tired of Kelly's honeyed sweetness The snows, the vivid flowers, the browngrass; ing craves antidote."and an Teacher Truth About The My solace, finds sweet a constant youth Age snorted Grey, Miss "Humph!"sign to teacher pretty used be Myinelegantly, turned abruptly and in written rock courage each and Of since prinpine. good, the her but and

glaciers their floods send Here mighty awayback door. to her own ciple quit together going she has to the Gulf, the to South northward Bay;

Mr. Bryce, young and filled Here deep lakes call, Olympian mountains been cross and cranky and they

with high ideals which had not yet rise aren't no way of pleasing her.

lilac liquid, their in peaks To lavebeen destroyed cantankerous by she the kids say got of has skies, Some filled friendly green are canyons withparents a desire to And and trustees and ain't figger that hart a broken but I things magnify his noble calling, was just That still our petty fears and wonderings. no fault of mine but the principles

of neighiior nations Here meet men at evening, of a Friday 7:30now, it is becaus broke he it and no

the fellowship complete of bond maketired, disilluTo utterly bored and all like treating for excuse us that they are enduring breed all of Men sioned. Hair rumpled, cheeks Whose sires crushed tyranny at Runnymorans becaus some are not. And

flushed, tie awry, he sat submerged mede; here is something what is the truth

in papers. Smeary papers, on the And from this hour shall kinship's ties about all teachers becaus other kids

increase whole, in which the word truth Blessing the land In this new birth of has told me the same, if a guy will occurred a great many times withPeace. not ever forget to wear a neck tie

out sense or sequence. (Continued on page 821)

ats tn a WordWh By ELSIE CHAMBERLAIN CARROLL

The English language has drawn liberally from all languages.

How much we are indebted to the ancients for the beauty and interest of many of our words Mrs. Carroll points out in this article.

"God wove a web of loveliness her daughter. Day and night she

Of sun, and stats, and birds. searched, neglecting her duties, but

But wade not anything at all all in vain. The rain no longer

So beautiful as words."refreshed the flowers and grain.

All vegetation became parched and

last she while wanderwas At riverAMONGthings in thelife thatinnumerablehave the sooning perished. the along day, one bank

possibility of affording us Ceres found Proserpina's girdle, pleasure, I wonder if we value sufand was told by the water nymphs ficiently the words we use? When what had become of her daughter.

we use such expressions as "Pass the She was still unhappy, however, cereal,"or "Do not tantalize the for she was sure that Pluto would child,"or "I sent for the atlas in never willingly give up his bride.

January,"does anything of the rich In her sorrow she withdrew to a connotation of the words come to dark cave to mourn, still further us? neglecting her duties as goddess of

Many of our everyday expresagriculture.

sions should bring to our minds Because of this neglect, famine beautiful stories from mythology, threatened the people and they begthe science which treats of the early ged for her aid. But she refused to

traditions and religion of our anheed, vowing that nothing on earth cestors. should grow, with her permission,

Take the words italicized in the until her daughter should be repreceding paragraph. Cereal is turned to her.

something more than the name of The people begged Jupiter, the a commonplace breakfast food; it ruler of the gods, to pity their sufis a link between us and the distant Elsie Chamberlain Carroll fering and permit Proserpina to repast and embodies in it a part of turn to the upper world. At last

the ancient explanation of the unidesired her and rushing forward, he Jupiter consented on one condition.

verse. Ceres was the daughter of seized the frightened maiden and It was that the goddess had not

Chronus (time) and was the godbore her away. touched any food during the time

dess of agriculture. She had many Pluto feared that Ceres would she had been in Pluto's realm.

duties to perform in which she was discover the abduction and force Ceres hastened to the Infernal assisted by her daughter Proserpina, him to give up her daughter; so, in Regions and was about to lead her

the goddess of vegetation. One day order to reach his kingdom more daughter away in spite of Pluto,

when Proserpina was playing in quickly, he struck the earth a when it was suddenly made known the meadows with her companions, mighty blow with his terrible twothat Proserpina had eaten some she was seen by Pluto, the god of pronged fork, causing a great crevice pomegranate seeds that very day.

the lower regions who was riding to open under his feet, through As a compromise, Jupiter decreed by with his dark chariot and black which he plunged downward into that for every seed she had eaten she steeds. Pluto had tried to persuade the Lower Regions. should spend one month of every

other goddesses to share with him Proserpina flung her girdle into year in the gloomy kingdom of his gloomy realm, but they had all a river as they passed it and imPluto, while she could spend the refused to leave the land of sunplored the water nypmhs to carry other six months upon the earth.

shine to dwell in his dismal abode. it to her mother that she'might The god Mercury led her to and

He decided to forego further wooknow what had happened. from Hades. Whenever he brought

ing, but to capture a bride and carry her from her gloomy prison, the her away by force. Seeing the T XT'HEN Ceres returned from the sky became bright and grass and

beautiful Proserpina, he suddenly fields, she began to search for (Continued on page 804)

Illustrated by PAUL CLOWES

She came to life with an abruptness that all but won her freedom. One wing cut the Indian's face. Her

bill thrust fiercely at his eye and opened a gash across one highboned cheek.

PRING came to Two of their last season's young black strings of ducks and an ocLittle EchosLake with the vanishhad survived the predatory dangers casional ghostly line of brant crossing breath of a chinook that poured of a primitive nesting ground and ed their route or paralleled it. But

for fifteen hours over the cloudhad reached the southern marshes. N'Olor and his mate remained

swept Mission Range. And riding There one had fallen to the gun of aloof.

the wind from the far southland a poacher; a few evenings previous Full five feet from tip of bill to

came N'Olor and his mate. the other had sailed off into the tail N'Olor measured and not an

On pinions that cut the thin air sunset glow upon an instinctive inch less than ten feet from tip to in whistling rhythm the great white mission of his own. tip of outspread wings. His mate

fowls were returning for the third As the two swans sped above did not vary in size more than time to the western Montana wiltrackless plain and over upthrust could have been gauged by a single derness. They flew alone. They mountain they recognized no application of the ancient rule of

glisteningwere of a vanishing race—aristotraveling companions. Countless thumb. Both were pure,

great gray geese peopled white with a minute wash of rustcrats of all wildfowl—trumpeter wedges of

swans. the airways as they winged north; on their shapely heads. Their long

Whose heart has not thrilled at the whirrrr of wild wings at dusk?

Trumpets AT By E. GORTON COVINGTON

FlattaperingDuskbills were dull black, the end, feeding the marsh. A tangled Big Walking Bear was a

color persisting throughout the forest, replete with a predatory head Indian. His home was a

lores. The edges of their nostrils, population, closed in about the small cabin in a clearing on the

midway between eyes and bill tips, lake. Behind the stately crowns of brush lined shore of Little Lost

were slate gray. Douglas fir and spruce and pine that Creek. Sitting on the granite ledge,

Mingled cries of joy came from flowed down the mountain sides his alert ear had caught the whisthe swift flying pair as they swept and filled the narrow valley, rose tling pinions of the new arrivals across the last mountain rampart the fire scarred Mission peaks. A even before their sonorous calls adand saw below them in the glinting patched blanket of winter snow vertised their presence. He smiled

rays of the afternoon sun, the ice still cloaked their shoulders. in satisfaction.

clogged lake they claimed as their On rhythmic wings the two The clarion cries of the two nesting ground. swans circled the little lake, reconfowls were music to him. They

Little Echo Lake was scarcely a noitering with caution before comrepresented a potential bonanza.

mile long and but a fourth as wide. ing to rest where the melting snow Their possession meant one hundred

Roughly shaped like a spearhead had cut a channel in the ice covered dollars to Big Walking Bear-—

it lay in the bottom of a little surface. There they rested, floating perhaps more. Had not an ofiicial

valley, high in the Mission mounthe turbulent water in regal unconof Glacier National Park said he

swans deof trumpeter pair was ashore in search of food. every southern the end—tains.lake—The shoulder part of the cern, until N'Olor led his mate would pay one hundred dollars for at Lake MacDonald? livered to him wild with rushes, rank marshy;

rice, wild celery and attendant a- The fact that the government ofquatic plants. The lower end IhE arrival of the (Continued on page 827)

merged into the headwaters of swans had not been without witTumbling River. ness. Upon a wind whipped ledge

Three small streams fed the lake. of granite that crowded dowji amid

Little Lost Creek from the souththe fir and spruce on the eastern sideeast; Wolf Creek from the south of the lake, sat Big Walking Bear.

and Choked Creek, burbling His back was against a gnomelike through a burnedover area to eastcedar. He appeared oblivious of

ward. All meandering through a his surroundings. He was listennarrow meadow at the southern ing—and waiting.

By L. D. STEARNS

loved—reveredThe name of even—soAlcott willlongbe

as America shall last both for the illustrious fatherphilos- 'LittleMenopher and the 'Littledaughterauthor.Women, 'Joe's Boys—and all the rest

of those enchanting books for girls and boys—how they live in

the hearts of all of us!

A Study of Louisa May Alcott

<L/lk0tf Bright Light in November HistoryA

the frolics stories built about these around were ALCOTT. MAYLOUISA sters frolics. during youthful authoress beloved of young this period)—aof the youngshort

folk stories, in particular, In 1834 the family moved to time of attendance at a little school

Boston, where her father, Bronson held in the Emerson barn, and, in Pennwas Germantown, born year, in a brief eighth her philanand when Alcott—philosopher sylvania, 1832. 29, November i s school. a small, time at mixed famous Her opened h thropist—a vivid babyhood, she wasFrom father vegetarian, a strict was and which school in Masonic Temple,

and unusual personality. Her disproved unsuccessful and was closed the budding author never tasted

position was sunny and lovable, yet in 1840. But even though the meat until maturity. He had, also,

she was quick tempered and subschool was a failure, he carried out visionary plans for organizing soject, at times, to fits of moody dehis ideas in the education of his cial life on a higher plane, and in pression, which were quickly disdaughters, instilling in their hearts 1842 went to England, where he pelled by a few moments of quiet lessons of love and wisdom that found many likeminded associtalk or a short run in the open air. bore fruit throughout their entire ates, who returned with him. SeExtremely active, she excelled in lives. curing a farm in Harvard, Mass.,

all outdoor sports, and was known All of the children were required in 1843, which they named Fruitas quite a tomboy. Her love of to keep journals regularly, and lands, they attempted to carry out

Nature was intense. She showed Louisa's, in particular, contains their ideas. A period of severe and

talent, in a dramatic high degree, stress the Aland strain for bits of beauty and wisdom. bitter many

early; staging childhoodfrom followed. cott family "Transcenentire education obtained plays Her was

in the barn, with her three sisters from her father, with the exception dental Wild Oats,"one of Louisa's almost daily; she lived in a world of a few months in a small district best stories, graphically and deof romance and beauty from mornschool in the country (her book, lightfully pictures the experience

ing to night. Most of her later "Under the Lilacs,"was written—the lofty ideals, so poorly realThe Improvement Era for I\ovem.her, 1933 81

ized, making a rich background for the whole. It is a mixture of pathos,

humor and reverent love well worth reading, and is now found in a collection of her works called "Silver Pitchers."

TT/RITING in her journal, at twelve years of age, she says, "More people coming to live with us;

I wish we could be together, and no one else. I don't

see who is to clothe and feed us all, Little Courtesy and Co. and Brown Photo find birds food The I so poor was now. we arewhen Library, Salt Lake Public so good. From God to dismal, walkvery then went and flowers House, Orchard no sorrow."At know And the Concord—Mr.

and made a poem. A few days later, she writes, "I and,and Mrs.in theAlcott,carriage,LouisaFrederickMay AnnaAlcott

"Silent and sad. had an early run in the woods bePratt.

all arc glad. When grass. off the fore the The was dew

in is dressed earth And the like velvet, as I ran cott almost utterly collapsed for a and flowers; moss was birds the sing gay When

Till the forests ring, under the arches of yellow and red time, and the struggle of the family rest in woodland As they joy, heart bowers. leaves for was live I sang indeed. to sharp It was was my ****** light so the so beautiful. fired this at world and that Louisa, time by

tears, these "O, why at the of I stopped the walk love, to end intense support determined idle fears. these And

For what may come tomorrow? and saw the sunshine out over the the family in some sort of comfort,

wide 'Virginia herself. When Mrs. Alcott's father

meadows.'I t died, leaving her a small property,

seemed like goshe purchased the place in Concord ing through a known as "Hillside,"near the dark life or home of Ralph Waldo Emerson, grave into heavand later occupied by Mr. Hawen beyond. A thorne. Here, the girlish lives of

strange and solLouisa and her sisters, so interestemn feeling ingly described in "Little Women,"came to me as I were passed. Yet, spite of the

stood there, bubbling spirit of fun and youth, with no sound Louisa was never forgetful of the but the rustle of underlying purpose to retrieve the the pines, no one fortunes of the family. With this

near me, and the in view, she opened a small school sun so glorious, in the barn to which the Emerson as for me alone. children and a few others came.

It seemed as if I Later, however, they returned to felt God as I Boston, where it was easier to obnever did before, tain remunerative work, and Louisa and I prayed in took up teaching, but found it very my heart that I irksome. She continued writing

might keep that plays on the side, for pure enjoyhappy sense of ment, and staged them for the ennearness all my tertainment of the family and their life."intimates. Many of them are still

After the preserved, as first written.

failure of Fruitfirst story, written at lands AlTN 1852 her Mr.

Concord when she was but sixteen, sold for $5.00. She then colThe Beloved

Novelist, Louisa lected a number of stories, poems

May Alcott. (Continued on page 822)

By JULIA W. WOLFE

of The Poetry (hildhood

'Someone has said that with the advent of Christ came the poetry of childhood?'

* * 'Even literature needed the inspiration of his suffer little children * "'.

.i''

is a significant fact that the main of childhood, whose inhabiloved Whittier. We cannot numfavorites. old of our the ber names the comwill ever welcome tants is usually childhood of poetryIT all old hail dear to Mother enthat And about rades know who tense. present the in written lived, in myth, not Goose, fadeskies who the and of land chanted nature, child is to it true Therein flesh. she Little in dreamed the but adventure, bravest less flowers, of or past little the of knows which generaall coming of mothering the heroes. daring of Through

is posthe of which is her define difficult It to tions! and favored lips of future—one those closed men the other the age, old of session it infinite lies the in unless charm past. the of visions crept women manhood. and youth of dowry surprises epigrammatic variety and never light that "the glows Again lie that dreams in the lives age Old experithe touching muse, of her vision the for sea land,"or on was exexultant the in youth behind; life at point. every child ences of as the into Ideal, Kingdom of the

before. stretches To that pectation of tragedy Cock in high enter Whether would of he Heaven, who great wealth the belongs childhood tale pathetic of Betty or the Robin, one."a little "as become must Jean present. of the immediate tender pig, imperPringle's or the

Ingelow recognized this characterHow the kindersingers crowd sonation of Mother Nature's spring Longour as is seen childhood istic of phase thoughts—Tennyson, in LongLegs,""Dear awakening

fellow, Wordsworth and Elizabeth of first of "Songs stanza in her little ones. the hold she is sure to mourns Barrett Browning, who Seven:"queries occasional to say,

"little the deTruth, Ellie's"over with fellow, as in arise a dusty of ethics, in the bee, you're domain velvet, ""O Gilpin"swan's serted nest. "John gold. legs with your powdered You've concerning "Taffy"her silence

O brave marshmary buds, rich and flies past under the strange speeding doubtful honesty; yet Motheris

yellow, Cowper. of the melancholy We is her Witness a marvel! Goose Give me your money to hold."as Hood, or laugh cry with Tom or "Little gentle pastoral Boy

Many people hold undisputed it may chance, or smile with AidBlue"and its happy ending!

right of entrance into this fair dorich, Alice Carey, or with the be- {Continued on page 791)

This beautiful tribute to President B. H. Roberts came to us

from Texas. Next month we shall run an article by Elder Levi

Edgar Young concerning the great Christian Soldier.

Tribute Roberts—A(righam.

By T. PAULY

El Paso, Texas

is the man who beachievements of the first century of found the justification for the BLESSED queaths to the succeeding the Dispensation of the Fulness of prayers and testimonies which have latter this of in offered behalf been Time must be recorded and evalugeneration a which work a of this the Is work day work. lives after him, Brigham H. Robated. of is labor this the historian? Nay, erts has a rich conveyed bequest.

His life, his faith, his work, this 'TpHIS new work, largely historone inspired of God.

trio will redound from generation ical, is unique among all works In addition to this task of reto generation. His work as teacher, of its kind. Here, as in his other cording and setting forth the acadvocate and defender of the Reworks, Elder Roberts does not percomplishments of this generation. and undertaken has Roberts this level Elder to fall to the mit last work stored is Gospel potent endurand to anpen his and devoted word the of commonplace. This is much ing. potfent Doubly are his writdifficult task, more a other work than than more reflect ings which the characteristics a history—more

of the living Roberts. Particularly a reciting and recording of events. and delicate, I refer to his work

revealed the only not evaluating of places and names of Morhis polemical work bears this imDates, received as through truths properly be of God can monism's growth perishable imprint.

recited and recorded, but truths rethe living oracles of God,. but also

One senses first of all his courage flecting the birth and growth of our the task of harmonizing the prinand readiness, nay his eagerness to Dispensation, yours and mine, must ciples of truth as possessed by men give battle. Next we observe his not be recorded and recited. These of the world in our wonderful age.

rare polemical skill, restrained or truths must be set forth. As a It is by no means sufficient that we

severe as befits the occasion, carrymaster craftsman carves and polpossess new light, but this new ing the battle to the opponent, ishes a precious gem, bringing forth light of truth must be tempered never begging the question. Then the full measure of natural beauty that men of the world might comis there full that measure of flame with be blended stone, possessed does prehend so by the it—must fire his and of surging spirit sustainthe extant in of light that measure truths set forth the Elder Roberts

ing him throughout the conflict, of God to reflect the beauty and world to the end that finally we never asking for quarter, but withal strength inherent in them. In these shall weave into harmonious splenas generous as a knight in tournatruths are found the justification dor all of the principles of truth

ment. When repelling an attack and vindication of every claim of under Heaven. What an opporlaunched against his faith or his the Restored Gospel. More than tunity for a Roberts or a Spencer.

people he wields the rapier of dethat in these pages containing the The accomplishments of Elder fense "as though the strength of sumtotal of achievements of three Roberts in this work cannot be twenty men were in his arm."He generations of Latterday Saints is measured today. In the hour of his

is truly a forpassing we stand midable chamtoo close to this pion. work to obtain

For several an appraisal in years his rapier retrospect.

has been sheathToday he ed. Mormonism stands out in

has attained a bold relief as a semblance o f defender and admaturity. Our vocate of the

faith is now, to Faith. Perhaps

the World at tomorrow h e least, a more or will be enshrinless tolerated ed as an intersect, bringing a preter and harseason of calm monizer of the and peace. This variant aspects

new order of of truth—the

things calls for Herbert Spencer another, a new of the Dispensawork for Elder tion of the FulRoberts. The B, H. Roberts and the Mormon Battalion Monument ness of Time.

ye 'Power

HTHIRTY years ago a book entitled 'The Power of TrutK'containing eight gripping essays was printed and circulated on two continents. Its appeal was so great that it went through several editions. In

England it was given the title *'Great Truths.'Coming in contact with Jordan's tersely stated philosophy. President Heber J. Grant became interested and purchased an entire edition of the work, which

he presented to hosts of friends on both sides of the Atlantic. Recently the copyright and the plates

from which the American edition of the book was printed were purchased from the widow of Mr.

Jordan, and with the permission of President Grant and the Deseret Book Company, the eight essays will appear in succession in The Improvement Era.

We are exceptionally well pleased to be able to make this announcement to our readers because we believe that these essays are among the finest of their kind ever printed and are worthy almost to be counted as scripture.

is the rock foundain morals he has in it the key to his kindly, gentle, calm, and restful.TRUTHtion of every great character. spiritual recreation. For the indiThere is a vital difference between

It is loyalty to the right as vidual, there is no such thing as error and untruthfulness. A man

we see it', it is courageous living of theoretic truth; a great truth that may be in error and yet live bravely

is untruthful in hisour lives in harmony with our is not absorbed by our whole mind by it; he who

ideals; it is and life, and has not become an life knows the truth but denies it.

is The one is loyal to what he bealways—power.defies full definition. inseparable part of our living, Truth ever

is traitor to whatLike electricity it can only be exnot a real truth to us. If we know lieves, the other

and do not live it, our he knows.plained manifestation. noting its by

lie. the is—atruthIt is the of the soul, the life compass is Truth?"Pilate's great "What

guardian of conscience, the final question, asked of Christ nearly touchstone of right. Truth is the TN speech, the man who makes two thousand years ago, has echoed

is his watchword Truth it is ages.revelation ideal also of the the careful unanswered through; but We accurate, in his seeks to be words, he ideal, revelations get constant realize parts that to of ofan inspiration

a constant impulse to live it. neither understating nor overcolor- it, glimpses of constantly new

Lying is one of the oldest vices ing. He never states as a fact that phases, but never complete, final

sure. he is not of which What he definition. Ifin to the its debut in but live up made we world—it sincerity, the has the of ring

firstthe in says the truth that recorded conversation seek and know, we history, in a famous interview in hallmark of pure gold. If he ever to know more, we have put

the garden of Eden. Lying is the praises you, you accept his stateourselves into the spiritual attitude

sacrifice of honor to create a wrong ment as "net,"you do not have to of receptiveness to know Truth in impression. It is masquerading in work out a problem in mental the fullness of its power. Truth is

misfit virtues. Truth can stand arithmetic on the side to see what the sun of morality, and like that

alone, for it needs no chaperone or discount you ought to make before lesser sun in the heavens, we can escort. Lies are cowardly, fearyou accept his judgment. His walk by its light, live in its warmth

some things that must travel in batpromise counts for something, you and life, even if we see but a small talions. They are like a lot of accept it as being as good as his part of it and receive but a microdrunken men, one vainly seeking bond, you know that no matter scopic fraction of its rays.

it may cost him to verifyto support another. Lying is the how much

fulfil and by his deed, his word religions of the greatpartner of all the and accomplice he TXHICH will do it. His honesty is not It is the cancerother vices. of is the real, the of the world

is honest The man who final, the absolute truth?moral degeneracy in an individual policy. must We

it merely because best is "the life. live individual choice our make and

Truth is the oldest of all the policy,"is not really honest, he is by it as best we can. Every new

virtues; it antedated man, it lived only politic. Usually such a man sect, every new cult, has in it a

before there was man to perceive it would forsake his seeming loyalty grain of truth, at least; it is this

or to accept it. It is the unchangeto truth and would work overtime that attracts attention and wins

he could get better adherents. This mustard seed ofable, the constant. Law is the for the devil—if

terms. truth is often overestimated, darketernal truth of Nature—the unity

that always produces identical reTruth means "that which one ening the eyes of man to the untrue sults under identical conditions. troweth or believes."It is living parts or phases of the varying reWhen a man discovers a great truth simply and squarely by our belief; ligious faiths. But, in exact proin Nature he has the key to the unit is the externalizing of a faith in portion to the basic truth they conderstanding of a million phenom- a series of actions. Truth is ever tain do religions last, become perena; when he grasps a great truth strong, courageous, virile, though manent and growing, and satisfy

individual, a city or nathem or ignoring them, is the tion rests finally on comthoughtless thief of another's time.

mercial integrity alone, It reveals selfishness, carelessness, despite all that the cynics and lax business morals. It is unmay say, or all the extrue to the simplest justice of life.

ceptions whose tempoMen who split hairs with their success may mislead conscience, who mislead others by Truth rary them. It is truth alone deft, shrewd phrasing which may

By that lasts. be true in letter yet lying in spirit

The politician who and designedly uttered to produce

William George Jordan ising,vacillating,shifting, constantlytemporizain falsethe mostimpression,cowardlyare way.untruthfulSuch

trimming his sails to men would cheat even in solitaire.

catch every puff of wind Like murderers they forgive themof popularity, is a trickselves their crime in congratulating ster who succeeds only themselves on the cleverness of their until he is found out. A alibi.

lie may live for a time, The parent who preaches honor truth for all time. A to his child and gives false statislie never lives by its own tics about the child's age to the convitality, it merely conductor, to save a nickel, is not true.

and inspire the hearts of men. tinues to exist because it stimulates The man who keeps his religion

Mushrooms of error have a quick truth. When it is unmasked, it dies. in camphor all week and who takes

growth, but they exhaust their it out only on Sunday, is not true.

vitality and die, while Truth still YX/HEN each of four newspapers He who seeks to get the highest lives. in one city puts forth the wages for the least possible amount

The man who makes the acquisiclaim that its circulation is larger of service, is not true. The man

tion of wealth the goal and ultithan all the others combined, there who has to sing lullabies to his conmatum of his life, seeing it as an must be an error somewhere. Where science before he himself can sleep,

end rather than a means to an end, there is untruth there is always conis not true.

is not true. Why does the world flict, discrepancy, impossibility. If

usually make wealth the criterion all the truths of life and experience npRUTH is the straight line in of success, and riches the synonym from the first second of time, or for morals. It is the shortest disof attainment? Real success in life any section of eternity, were tance between a fact and the expresmeans the individual's conquest of brought together, there would be sion of it. The foundations of

himself; it means "how he has betperfect harmony, perfect accord, truth should ever be laid in childtered himself"not "how he has union and unity, but if two lies hood. It is then that parents

bettered his fortune."The great come together, they quarrel and should instil into the young mind

question of life is not "What have seek to destroy each other. the instant, automatic turning to

I?"but "What am I?"It is in the trifles of daily life truth, making it the constant atMan is usually loyal to what he that truth should be our constant mosphere of the mind and life. Let

most desires. The man who lies guide and inspiration. Truth is the child know that "Truth above

to save a nickel, merely proclaims not a dresssuit, consecrated to speall things"should be the motto of that he esteems a nickel more than cial occasions, it is the strong, wellits life. Parents make a great mishe does his honor. He who sacriwoven, durable homespun for daily take when they look upon a lie as

fices his ideals, truth and character, living. a disease in morals; it is not always

for mere money or position, is The man who forgets his prom- a disease in itself, it is but a sympweighing his conscience in one pan ises is untrue. We rarely lose sight tom. Behind every untruth is some

of a scale against a bag of gold in of those promises made to us for reason, some cause, and it is this the other. He is loyal to what he our individual benefit; these we recause that should be removed. The

finds the heavier, that which he gard as checks we always seek to lie may be the result of fear, the desires the more—the money. But cash at the earliest moment. "The attempt to cover a fault and to esthis is not truth. Truth is the miser never forgets where he hides cape punishment; it may be merely

heart's loyalty to abstract right, his treasure,"says one of the old the evidence of an overactive im.-

made manifest in concrete instances. philosophers. Let us cultivate that agination; it may reveal maliciousThe tradesman who lies, cheats, sterling honor that holds our word ness or obstinacy; it may be the

misleads and overcharges and then so supreme, so sacred, that to forhunger for praise that leads the seeks to square himself with his get it would seem a crime, to deny child to win attention and to startle anaemic conscience by saying, it would be impossible. others by wonderful stories; it may

"lying is absolutely necessary to The man who says pleasant be merely carelessness in speech, the business,"is as untrue in his statethings and makes promises which reckless use of words; it may be

ment as he is in his acts. He justito him are light as air, but to someacquisitiveness that makes lying the

fies himself with the petty defence one else seem the rock upon which handmaid of theft. But if in the

as the thief who says it is necessary a life's hope is built is cruelly unlife of the child or the adult, the to steal in order to live. The pertrue. He who does not regard his symptoms be made to reveal the

manent business prosperity of an appointments, carelessly breaking disease, and that be then treated.

786 The Improvement Era for November, 1933

truth reasserts itself and the moral rifice the sanction of his own high life may represent a station we have health is restored. standard for any gain, he would passed in our progress, or one we

Constantly telling a child not to not willingly deflect the needle of must seek to reach. We can then

lie is giving life and intensity to his thought and act from the true congratulate ourselves without con- "the lie."The true method is to North, as he knows it, by the demning them. All the truths of

quicken the moral muscles from slightest possible variation. He the world are not concentrated in

the positive side, urge the child to himself would know of the deflecour creed. All the sunshine of the

is not focused on our doorbe honest, to be faithful, to be tion—that would be enough. What worldloyal, to be fearless to the truth. matters it what the world thinks step. We should ever speak theTell him ever of the nobility of if he have his own disapproval? truth,—but only in love and kindcourage to speak the truth, to live The man who has a certain reliness. Truth should ever extend

the right, to hold fast to principles gious belief and fears to discuss it, the hand of love; never the hand

lest it may be proved wrong, is not clenching a bludgeon.of honor in every trifle—then he

need never fear to face any of life's loyal to his belief, he has but a Faith in Truth is an essential to crises. coward's faithfulness to his prejuperfect companionship with truth.

The parent must live truth or dices. If he were a lover of truth, The individual must have perfect

the child will not live it. The he would be willing at any moment confidence and assurance of the final

child will startle you with its quickto surrender his belief for a higher, triumph of right, and order, and ness in puncturing the bubble of better, and truer faith. justice, and believe that all things

your pretended knowledge; in inThe man who votes the same are evolving toward that divine

stinctively piercing the heart of a ticket in politics, year after year, consummation, no matter how sophistry without being conscious without caring for issues, men, or dark and dreary life may seem from of process; in relentlessly enumeratproblems, merely voting in a cerday to day. No real success, no

ing your unfulfilled promises; in tain way because he always has lasting happiness can exist except

detecting with the justice of a court voted so, is sacrificing loyalty to it be founded on the rock of truth.

of equity a technicality of speech truth to a weak, mistaken, stubThe prosperity that is based on that is virtually a lie. He will jusborn attachment to a wornout prelying, deception, and intrigue, istify his own lapses from truth by cedent. Such a man should stay in only temporary—it cannot lastappeal to some white lie told to a his cradle all his life—because he any more than a mushroom can

visitor, and unknown to be overspent his early years there. outlive an oak. Like the blind

struggling in temple, the Samson, little one, whose menheard by the '"pHE search for Truth means that life is the individual based whose underestimate ever tal powers we the individual not merely must pulls the on trickery always downin theory though we may oversees follow truth as he it, but he supporting of columns his ownpraise in words.

so see far as must, search he can, to edifice, perishes in ruins. the and in child a thousand the Teach is right. that the he KearWhen a price matter what No man may indirectly, the directlyways, and sarge the was wrecked on Roncador is it truth, for at getting he a py truth, of truth, the beauty ofpower Reef, sailing the corcaptain was bargain. lying others can of The rest of sweetness companthe and rectly chart. his his by But map it carries us never long, hurt always truth.ionship with reef one; the an old was sunken it with our in exoneration end. the

And if it be the rockfoundation was not marked down. Loyalty During the siege of Sebastopol, the

of the child character, as a fact, not to backnumber standards means Russian shells that threatened to as a theory, the future of that child stagnation. In China they plow destroy a fort opened a hidden

is as fully assured as it is possible today, but they plow with the inspring of water in the hillside, and for human prevision to guarantee. strument of four thousand years saved the thirsting people they

is the sought to kill. The power of Truth, in its ago. The search for truth

angel of civilization exalted purest, progress—in mosthighest, and for interests the adand Work it in morals. and us makes While four standsphases, on is of a necessary vancement Truth aggressive in bold and our own love lines ofbasic real part of If a companionship. relation,—thesquarely life, it teaches to us be tender and truth, faith for search the truth,of if a love truth, has of he man others. sympathetic with Their truth. for truth,in and work it, find searches to faith has in and

The love of Truth is the cultiit, even when he cannot find it, will vated hunger for it in itself and November Moon he not work to spread it? The

for itself, without any thought of strongest way for man to strengthwhat it may cost, what sacrifices it By Leone E. McCune en the power of truth in the world

may entail, what theories or beliefs nPHROUGH mists of haze and smoke is to live it himself in every detail desolate. lifetime be laid aof may o'er the of thought, town, That hover word, and deed—to this phase, its supremeIn trees barren ground. and naked attitude On leafless, rahimself personal a sun of make

of life is rare, but unless one can Above dark peaks that loom diation of truth, and to let his himself into harmonybegin to put In lonely majesty, it silent his: influence for speak and this view, the individualwith will November moon looks down. direct as far acts glorify he can it so in truth, he might whenonly creep

walk bravely. With the love of A rose of molten gold, in his sphere of life and action. Let

truth, the individual scorns to do She lifts her lovely head, him first seek to be, before he seeks a "mean thing, no matter what be And softly in the shadows and the gloom, to teach or to do, in any line of the gain, even if the whole world Drops her glowing petals one by one. moral growth.

would approve. He would not sac- (Continued on page 822)

By Mary Imlay TAYLOR Selovedhe Q)inderella CHAPTER V

jW\ binne\/ ETTA

QTARGRASS,baby the Binneysthe lovelyhad foundgirl grownand lovedfromas thetheirdesertedown, was not theirs any more—she was the daughter of rich Mr.

Blanchard. Pap Binney, brokenhearted, felt that someweeping, comforted Binney, Pap thing was wrong—Mja

in the that Star would be happy there by telling him house—would have all the beautiful things every girlbiq

wanted. But at the big house things seemed strange to Star—

everything was so cold and unfriendly. Even the friendship

of John Nelson, Blanchard's secretary, could not counteract the sinister familiarity of James Carr and Etta, niece of Mr. Blanchard. It was fun to have clothes and all that,

but Star's heart ached at the thought of leaving the Binneys, and somehow the future filled her with chill foreboding.

What was wrong? Read the rest of the story and find out. STARGPASS

RS. BINNEY, having lit the lamp, Star's got everything—so she says!"he added, and

set it on the table; she had already laid out Pap's his wide old mouth shut suddenly. Mevening paper and she puttered about too obviously His wife edged nearer, tracing the leaf pattern on

for him to forget her. She wanted to hear more about the old red cloth with her short fat finger.

Windymere and Star. "What d'you think of him, Pap?"she whispered,

"Did you say she had pearls, 'Lisha?"leaning toward him.

his eye he saw the lamplight flaring on his wife'sbeans—aPap lookedstring overof 'em."the top of his paper. "Big as Mr. Binney rustled his paper. Out of the tail of

'T v/ant to know! I don't believe they're real round face. In some way, why, he did not know,

that size!"Mrs. Binney's eyes were eager for conit reminded him of a troubled moon looking out of

firmation df this news. gathering clouds.

"I reckon they be, money's kinder lyin'round there. "Drat him!"he shifted his paper, "I reckon you

.

The Improvement Era for November 1933 789

know what he is, don't you? You told him first. the window. It was open upon the soft darkness of

I s'pose he's just, an', maybe, he means well, but a cloudy night, but he thought he had heard somehe—"the old man choked and coughed violently thing out there.

think He did not hear it again, for Mrs. Binney, who had"he's got th'high hat! Ma, I—I kinder hate to

he's little Star's father. stopped to sob a little herself, had gone on. She was

"That so?"her face fell. "But he's so rich, walking down the back road now hurriedly. It was

he'll make her a great heiress,"she said tremulously; a dark night but lights glowed here and there, rimmed

"seems like you couldn't want anything better for with little rainbows in the seamist. Mrs. Binney

your own child, Pap!"shied away from these friendly circles of illumination;

Pap stared off into space thoughtfully. "I don't for one so chubby and reliable, it might almost be

know as money's everything,"he said at last. said that she lurked in shadows. She did not stop at

"It's most everything in this world, 'Lisha,"his Mrs. Little's, she passed with a feeling of fresh iniquity,

so. And and padded on along the macadam road. Once orwife cried, "most everything—I always said

why—if Blanchard's. 'goin'to give Star all bis money, twicebat wheeledshe jumpedpast. violentlyThen herwheneyea caughttwig snappedthe steadyor a

"Oh, drat it!"cried Pap suddenly and violently, glare of the lamps at the white gateposts and she

th'made for them, panting."I don't want to hear about him! I—I'm readin'

paper!"IHERE was no one about and, feeling

OIS wife stared at him a moment in like a highwayman. Ma made her way across the lawn.

silence, but he only buried himself more thoroughly If she hid here, in the shadow of this dense shrubbery, in the newssheet, and, after a moment, she turned she could see the terrace in the wide streams of light resolutely and began to put on her hat. She was from the windows. She dropped into an odd brown

searching for her mitts and her handkerchief when Mr. indistinguishable heap and waited, her heart thumping

Binney looked up again. heavily. She wanted to see Star there—rich, happy,

"Where you goin'?"he asked sharply. a great heiress! The old woman's short fat fingers

Mrs. Binney stopped, with her hand on the door. clutched deep into the grass and pulled out tufts of

"Just down th'road a-piece. I ain't a-goin'to sit it; she was shaking all over, she had never felt so

here while you're chewin'rag! I don't care if Blanguilty in her life. Then she saw figures moving about

chard was rude to ain't got any call to take inside the house. Occasionally one came to a window,it out of me!"you—you and Mrs. Binney blinked, straining her eyes in the "Look here, Ma—"Pap was ready to talk now, darkness, trying to distinguish them. There was a

his troubled face smoothing out a little when he saw mother hunger in her heart and a great fear. But if

how she felt. only Star had everything—"I'm goin'—"she flung back at him from the door, The night was not silent; it was full of sounds, theher brown clad shoulders set stubbornly—"maybe faint rustling of leaves, the hum of insect life, the far-

I'll be late gettin'back. I may off reedy piping of frogs in the old millpond. Mrs.

stop an'see old Mrs. Little, Binney, unaccustomed to sneaking around forbidden

she's got sciatica again. Anyplaces and hiding in wet shrubbery at night, began to

shiver; premonitory twinges of rheumatism pierced

her. "I guess I ought t'have stayed at home!"she muttered to herself.

I Then a girl came out of the long window and walked across the terrace in the wide swath of light from the room behind her.

Transformed as she was by her dress, the youngNELSON figure could not can go toway, you ifbed, a f*\IXMCCI LO rXDI)V/aI\I\ bethe mistakenfond eyesby you've mind to; it won't make a that watched for

mite of difference to me!"she ended, as she it! Ma Binney

slammed the door behind her. PAP BINNEY half rose. She

Pap stared after her, and then, secure in had almost being alone, he dropped the paper on his knee and fellto rubbing his chin. His eyes were vacant in their dLANCHAKD ri's name, but

absorbed stare and once or twice, his chin shook. the next mo-

"I kinder miss her a'ready,"he mused. "She was ment she shrank back into the shrubbery, felt a

always 'round liere as if she was shower of water from the leaves run down heronly kneehigh yesterday,somewheres—seemsa cute little thing, little back, and drew the foliage close about her. Star

Stargrass!"had been almost immediately followed by a young

He lifted his eyes to peer over his spectacles toward man, not Nelson—Mrs. Binney knew him;-—-this

790 The Improvement Era for November, 1933

was a taller, rather slighter figure. "She's worth it, worth the Blanchard said; "she's set on bridge

The two were talking, but were deal!"he thought, and then aloud: for tomorrow night. Going in,

too far off for the words to be dis- "It won't happen, Mary Agnes, Jimmy? Nelson and I are going

tinguishable. Something in the I won't let it!"down through the grounds; I've

man's manner, however, spoke a Star stood a moment looking at got a problem to solve yet,"he language so universal that even the him, then she laughed, something added, twisting his head backward middleaged watcher could not misof the old gay, rippling laugh. toward the house and smiling.

take it. The two stood for awhile, "As if you had anything to do

clearly outlined, leaning against the with it!"

flashed.marble balustrade. Once the man, He caught her hand. "I don't CaRR'S eyes

leaning toward the girl, put his want to frighten you,"he said in a "I'd like to join you, but I fancy hand over hers. Mrs. Binney thrillow voice, "but I have a lot to do I've got to make peace with these

led with excited interest, but Star with it! It wouldn't pay to quaryoung ladies!"he laughed.

sharply withdrew it and, turning rel with me; let's kiss and make Blanchard smiled. "You'll find

away from Carr, descended the friends."them a handful,"he observed,

short flight of steps into the garden. Star thought he was jesting and as he descended the steps. "Got

She turned, as chance or fate would laughed. "You're threatening me!"your torch with you, John?"he

have it, toward the shadowy clump "Yes and no!"he whispered asked over his shoulder.

of shrubbery, and he came quickly daringly. "Kiss me. Star!""Yes; want it?"Nelson was

after her. His face was close to hers before close behind him.

"Mary Agnes!"he called to her, she knew he meant it. Suddenly "Not now; I can see the way here

and his voice had a note of laughter she broke away from him, a sob of plain enough. The wind's changed;

in it. dismay in her throat. it's a bit chilly for this time of year,

Star stood still. "What do you mean? What do isn t It: "I didn't tell you to call me you think of me. How—how Blanchard turned into the drivethat!"she said, with a wonderful dare you? I don't allow men to way. The shadows about them

imitation of Etta's hauteur. kiss me!"were dense, an immovable darkness

"No, but I couldn't help it!"he He laughed. He would have anthat escaped the lanterns at the gate.

quickly.answered his in her swered by own way remarkplace,"Blanchard "Nice her, caught with had up He was catching her, kissing her and had after ed a an idea "I had self her, assured,bending toward he seen not Blanchard Nelson and do I'd it won't buy it,confident. silence.but—well, rather—you "Would terrace. the coming out on He now."his the ripple voice of had hidden their see plainly. figures could He Nelson gave him a quick look,meaning in it—"would you rather tried to soothe the angry girl.

out nothin the but dark he madeI called 'Star'?"you forgive "You'll me, to have ing. cried she sharply. "No!"said lightly; he Agnes,""you Mary

I sir?"outright. laughed "Starask why, He "May forget fellow's a head you turn

grass!"he teased. out here in the night, enchantress!""Obvious, isn't it? I've got my

girl cried the again. "Don't!"girl she's brought back, been but Star In answer. no made I see! like queening "Oh, You She'll store. a grocery the up here—over see her could he not nowit here, don't you? What shadow Besides, that! never shake you saw eyes, further. he ventured butis it change?"that in old the road? Pap, fellow like—theinstead, you've "Oh, bowled me over he'll calls she course hang him. Of

suppose we bank it,"he gave an around. I'm going to take her to

O TAR was standing odd laugh, "and go into partnerEurope for a couple of years, get her life, you know?"polished up and launch her in soby the fountain and she stooped ship—for

and dipped her fingers in the clear He was aware of something in ciety. Her mother would want me

cool water. the girl he could not understand; to do that; I've got to break up

"It's wonderful!"she answered he thought he had fathomed her, these ties here."

aftersoftly, a pause. he in the darkness even but now at people the "I old don't think nearer trying to again, drew He her. perceived in She change some the will you, trouble shop Mr. facesee in her light, uncertain the Suddenly, not him. answer did replied slowly. Blanchard,"Nelson

if somewould do you "What fled a turned she and word, without three or "I've the old seen two manthing happened? something terrace. lightly the Taken toward character, times; he's honest a and

all ittook away anvoice surprise, her heard he by Ifagain—oversincere."

night?"he asked her. swering Blanchard's.

it,"Blanlooks doubt; "No girl lifted eyes. startled "But The

retorted dryly. glad be "Yes, I'm going in now. chard "I'dit cried. she couldn't!"Father."to something handsome, pay them laughingly. her "Oh, He mocked

couldn't it?""Where's Carr? Etta wanted more than the reward, for all

She turned around, facing him. him just."now; something about they've done for my daughter,"What do you mean, Mr. Carr?"cards—but—"he growled angrily

He did not answer for a moment. "Coming!"Carr answered below "they're playing some kind of aA shaft of light from the house had the terrace. He had followed Star, hand. I don't get it—they won't

lifted her young face out of the and she caught the mocking laughtake a cent!"

night; its purity, the dewy beauty ter in his eyes as she fled past him "Binny's too sturdy a character

of eyes and lips, the numbus of into the house. to take money for a labor of—of

bright hair, held him. "You'll find Etta waiting,"love,"said John with sudden feel-

a:

The Improvement Era for JSovember, 1933 791 ing, "Anyone can see he loves Miss want your old money, I—I only that's all I want!"And suddenly,

Blanchard as he might his own wanted to see if Star was happy! without warning, she burst into

child. is, sir, I esteem You needn't be afraid, I—I ain't tears, fumbled for her handkerchief I—the facthim highly for his stand in the goin'to stop, I—"she choked—and fled, stumbling, into the darkfeetmatter. I talked with him—be- "I bid you goodnight, sir!"ness. They could hear hercause you asked it—but I hated to "Wait a moment."Blanchard padding heavily on the road outdo it. There's no price for such a tried to detain her. "I'm ready to side, until finally even those sounds

thing!"pay anything just my good woman, died away in the darkness.

Blanchard grunted. "You're for your care of my daughter. I've Blanchard stood still, listening.

young. Nelson, and sentimental. said so. I'd only make it a conHe switched off the torch and held

There's a mighty little in this dition that you stay away."it out to John.

price for isn't there a which I see? Didn't "There! You Binney's shaking chin Mrs. was to only big be has enough. last, tell at said grimly.—itwQrld he you?"as as rage with with much now offiguring price I've that theI'm it; I settles this don't buy "That fright. old "I don't your want is far all."fered small, so that's too girl I place, take from and away my cried hotly. she "I won't money!"lips flattened at corthe John's here tomorrow!"it, as a dratted cent of touch Pap sir,ners. as disagree "I you, with

far as it refers to Pap Binney."says. Just you make Star happy. {To be Continued)

Mr. Blanchard strode awhile in

silence, then he turned and looked back. Behind them the long drivedis- a sharpway turned curve and The Poetry of Childhood Continuedpage from782 trees.appeared under shadowing

Jove, it's a peach of a place, is singular "By that the poet his dear when Imagination who was it?isn't he exclaimed, and then, ITvoices deserted of "familiar;"the love she never most tenderly him

sharply: "What's that? There's childhood was not a mother, but a in after years. He could feel the

someone.sneaking in the shrubMother- cool evening shadows falling, while father—Eugene Field—

bery!"hood, maybe, resting content with the beautiful lady of dreams clasped

its royalty of possession, leaves its her small hand, and slipping his

J,OHN felt, rather than sweetnesssupreme expressionand tendernessto others.of soul,For himlittle farbedoutfromuponits moorings,the seas of floatedsleep

saw, his hand go to his hip pocket; childward, the gentle poet occupies

is little like bed a boat;like "My Blanchard many rich men place. had a unique through Looking

I helps Nurse embark; when me perceptiona keen nervous of danhis children, eyes hearthe of own girds sailor in She coat me myger. ears, starts their the ing in thinking the dark. with And me

"Got your torch handy? Flash thoughts, they turn together to nait on that place—"he pointed ture, and the quaint lore of legend "All night, across the dark, we steer;

"over there!"and romance. With wondrous paSafeButin whenmy roomthe daybesidereturnstheat pier,last;

John obeyed, playing his torch thos he wrote "Little Boy Blue"I find my vessel fast."

on a group of blossoming rhodoand "The Rockaby Lady,""Pittydendruns and revealing the hudPat"and "Tipptoe"—when shall IIJOW his captions paint pictures!

dled brown figure of a stout old we pause when tender tales are so "The Land of Counterpane,"many? side her her hat one and onwoman, "LittleLuddy-Dud"—Nights."Shadow.""Windy "My lyric might well be light.eyes in blinking the of affection—it these of poets followed have We called: cried Binney!"Mrs. he "Why, the along green childhood meainvoluntarily. "LuddyDud's cradle is swinging dows of the literal, through the

Mrs, Binney gasped. "I ain't Where softly the nightwinds blow. tender melodies of the heart, up the

is LuddyDud's motherhidin'here!"she Is singing shining of imagination. way that is sweet song low, and A"an'I don't want to the journey end there? Lack we little 'Tis in the criedanything—no,tremulously, And morning, LuddyDud

I don't! I was just tryin'to find 'Tis little LuddyDud at night. a child's singer who will feed the

th'gate."And all day long altarfires of their spiritual nature?

will do this high service? We Blanchard reached out a hand 'TisOf mythe nearestsame sweetand songdearest—Who

the torchand took John, from need someone Heart's Delight—LuddyDud."

its full lightholding powerful those on mysterious to invitelands—someonechildren into

poor Mrs. Binney's shamed, frightPerhaps Stevenson embodies in to take them into high altitudes

ened face. his poems of childhood more of the and also to descend with them into

"May I ask what you were here imaginative power than many other valleys of service.

for, madam?"he demanded sternly. modern laureates. He has open Someone has said that with the

She gasped, and both he and vision toward the highlands of the advent of Christ came the poetry

John saw the hands that clasped her Ideal. He, too, possessed that qualof childhood. Yes! All genius

old"I—"black bagshe trembleblinked violently.away from itythe essentialwonderfulto poetsmemoryof childof itslifeexpoorthat sangto givebeforechildrenHis birththeirwas justtoo

the light and then something, anger periences; the details of its earliest dues. Even literature needed the

or outraged pride, roused her. "I remembered impressions. He reinspiration of His "Suffer the littleain't a thief!"she cried. "My soul, enacted at will his early day dreams ones—"before they found fitting

don't look at me like that! I don't In their charmed environments, place therein.

Sonny Wilson, a college editor and football back overhears a deal and as a result plays his greatest game of football M.F George "Sonny"reenbacks

Wilson had remembered to bring the newly repaired brace for hisgame right knee, it is probable that and

Tempest University would never have known its greatest football game in the decade, nor its greatest onegame player. Also, it mighthave had a new coach to replace uarterbacks

Robert "Bob"Fidel, which would a beenhave shame.

to not But dwell on probabilBy ities, let us remember that SonnyWilson did forget the kneebrace, SAMUEL TAYLOR and that he had to make a trip from the dressing rooms to the editorial office of the Collegian to get it. Incame the dragging sound of an mentor for the Caldwell College

asmuch as Sonny Wilson was opening drawer, the turn of a lock, Crimsons, and that Mr. Charles

editor of the Collegian, he knew then the tall poised animal that was ("Chick") Lang by chance was exactly where the brace would be, Chick Lang strode past. the outstanding quarterback of

pigeonholed in the upper left of the Conference and played for the aged the desk between the Blues, University Tempest and slot Sonny wilson Feature Calenmarked "Annual present instant that there at the dar"and the one bearing the head waited a few moments, then unwas just an hour and threequarters "NG. Slush."However, as he locked the newspaper office door

immediately and made for Chick for the officefumbled keys, Wilson Dittie Beasley as he met Sonny made abused flattopped it,"the showers. say "Don't desk. for a typically pause, Lang's he dramaticmade

for the reason that through the hig Without shame he unlocked the told her. "The grin's plenty of answer."

oldfashioned transom above the desk with his

Collegian door came voices: own key. Lying

"Aw, listen. Coach. Forget on a pile of paabout it. I have."pers in the up-

"The other boys have taken perleft- hand their cut and been glad of the drawer was a chance. Here, take it. You're not stack of twenty

bills.trying to tell me you can't use a dollar

There were dollarshundred and sixty—I eight of them. college myself."worked through

"Sure. I can use it. But it Sonny Wilson

seems sort* * of blood money. Like seatedfelt a littleand weaknauas ir*

"Rats! Here, take it, you sap! as he fumbled

Hurry, because I've got to get over the drawer shut.

to my team. They're probably He went to his

tossing the lockers around as mediown desk and cine balls by this time."secured the

"Well, all right—."kneebrace. He

Sonny Wilson slid into one of swore at it.

the adjacent doorways that were The facts of recessed deeply in the old building. this slice of life

He knew those voices, but he hoped were simply his ears were wrong. Then the Colthat Coach

legian door opened, and he saw the Franklin chubby figure of "Happy"Frank (''Happy

Smith hurry past in the dim hall. Frank") Smith

From inside the Collegian office happened to be

until the biggest game of the year was to be played, the traditional, partisan, bitter TempestCaldwell struggle.

Ttvo Caldwell players closed And there in the desk were in to knock the ball down the eight green twenties.

behind the goal. Wilson Sonny Wilson made his

sprinted, himself high flung into outside mechanically way ttvo. the between toair and chill afternoon the

wards the athletic department buildings. He didn't want to

know, didn't want to think about it. But anyone could

see that Chick Lang had * *.

"Why the leaden thoughts, Sonny?"Wilson's heart threw off all care for one wild lilting hop. He grinned at Miss Dorothy ("Dittie") Beasley, and

said: "My soul bleeds for

the downtrodden working class. "No giggles;

what's up? You

could use that weighty brow to drive piles."

"Now don't Illustrated by ask me quesPAUL CLOWES tions. I want

to ask you one.

About the dance after the game."Dittie smiled in ravishing indecision. "You're not fair.

I told you to wait until after the game."She dusted an

imaginary speck off an armband that proclaimed in bold blue lettering: Beat Caldwell. "Has Chick asked—"Sonny Wilson began, but bit his

tongue and said: "Sorry. * *

See you at the stadium. Gotta

dress."In the locker room Shorty Davis asked with elaborate unconcern:

"Say, Chick, are you goin'to the dance tonight?"

Chick Lang and Sonny Wilson exchanged glances.

Chick said, "I don't know."

"I'll bet fifty to one you both don't go!"screamed

Shorty, and the other players rumbled appreciatively. It

was common knowledge that Lang and Wilson, while remaining fast friends and room mates, were bending every effort to cut one another out for the favor of Dittie Beasley.

Just before game time

794 The Improvement Era for Novem,her, 1933

Coach Bob Fidel gave out the linedive and blocked out the nearest up. Sonny Wilson was not going Crimson. That thrilling swelling

Samuel Taylor first roar surged from the stadium,to start at half. The coach stuck

his face out, clasped his hands beQAMUEL TAYLOR, author of cut short as two Red players cut hind his broad fat back and strutted "Greenbacks and Quarterbacks,"through and tackled Lang simulbefore his players while biting out is a resident of Provo, Utah. White taneously.

his words: studyingversity heatwroteBrighammuchYoungfor theUni-Y. Lang stayed down. Sonny Wil-

"Listen, you chumps! I took as News, the school paper. Later he son, on the bench, saw another

much psychology in school as any sold stories to several eastern magmental flash of those greenbacks in of you, so I know all about Caldazines and, in collaboration with a the drawer and almost wished forwell's advantage in that line. But lady,contest.wonJustthe atDeseretpresentNewshe Prizeis in Chick would be injured and out

the way I size it up, that's the only California, having ridden to the the game. But a player was workthing they got on us. So I want golden state on a bicycle. ing Lang's hips slowly up and

you beefeaters to go out and lick down. Chick climbed to his feet

the tar out of them. Now beat it."and adjusted his headgear.

That was all Bob Fidel said There flashed through Sonny's The ball sawed back and forth.

when his job and possibly his fumind an image of eight twentydol- It was apparently an even struggle, ture career hung on the necessity of lar bank notes in the drawer of but Sonny Wilson thought the having the big end of the final score. Chick Lang's desk. Wilson looked Crimsons had a trifle the best of it

But as he sat down on the sidelines'at the coach, started to speak and when Coach Fidel stood up and bench he grunted out of his mouth then turned his attention to the paced up and down in front of the corner to Sonny Wilson: "How's game. He would wait, watch. bench. Sonny was sure of it. Caldearly scoring team, well was not anthings?"how doubt it? It Maybe—but sure, ordinarily. played They clear. Wilson pulled his blanket around was

football orthodoxhis shoulders.—powerfully. years ago Chick had Lang Two their grinding They unleashed "Bad. You know, I've done all starred at College. Caldwell Then

teams, strengthI ground on weaker as editor of the could do reason. Colfor Chick, some unknown

out, wore them them down,legian. and pressure's the getting But eight other together with some

too stiff. I could tell the old grads prominent students, had dropped then ran riot during the last the Crimson off, was That get to they've takenwhere but out of at midterm. Caldwell Lang quarter. method, and it Coach by Happythings the merchants with up come to Tempest and had U, played Conferthe Frank Smith had threatenedthey've won to boycott our year the past the freshman on

title in the ence ten past nine times I falladvertising unless in line and in his squad, he was, and now is years, the in something whichclamor for your resignation."stellar year, senior the Tempest

excellence. in nature of uniformity Fidel grunted Coach '"Huh!"is it quarter. seen varsity Thus

first in the quarter the Late came chest. great his thefrom depths of for that playing Chick was Lang

first of break the dygame. The is I've cellar take the"All done his against old Tempest Alma

little namic Shorty in years. second to placeteam four Davis—who, coach, Caldwell, Mater, whose toting a of pounds, bulk 141 had they sack to me. want We'veAnd given just Smith, Frank had Happy allConference season madecinched place second this again year bills eight dollar twenty him pile to on through first if toCaldwell lastguard—knifed whip we is fact significant which made by—and a thirtythe fumble Caldwell on pencilday."a snapped between He fact the that further reason the of

line. thfee yard Tempest Thehis fingers. massive the beaten Caldwells had Crimson rooters a into chant: broke "Yeah,"mumbled Wilson. "If Tempest Blues regularly for a

we lick Caldwell. That's the propdecade, and that if the Tempest "Beat 'em. Blue!

osition, that 'if.'This time I got eleven did not reverse this ignominLick 'em. Blue!

it straight from the prexy himself."ious habit this very afternoon, a Whip 'em fair.

"Jardine?"deserving and hard working TemWhip 'em square.

"Right. I had the honor yesterpest coach by name of Bob Fidel Beat 'em black and BLUE!"

day of being called to interview the would in all probability lose his line of even twice But held what Tempest was was onpresident of he position. Tempest U. And

to plunges, the rabid the then Blues Tempest more moment saw Sonny forced be to rewouldtold me he lieve know, pressure of fans, it appears that for once in an line up for the old "twentynine"the indigo Blues formation. did Tempest Tempest moon two The all richthe grads, you—youold and that—if a field, to lick their crisscrossed chance the have ends good down beat didn't so Caldwell.we And

rivals, bitter especially raised. since the decoys. were arms TheyI've at editorials got the print two

shop now,."both in type, and it all inspiredmade theplayingteam ofso Chickfar thisLangseasonhad hardThe ballflat shotpass. aheadThe inCrimsons,a swift,depends—unbeatable. caught off guard, scrambled desper-

"Then pray for Chick Lang,"ately towards the big Chick Lang, the coach,muttered in and hunched free in springing was who and now ball arched high IHErapt attention whistle as the soundhis one of twisting high famous at received, the kickoff. Chick Lang lineup. theed for leaps ball. for the field, charged of the elbows up the

his blue jersey swinging rhythmiThe Tempest fans'frenzied

Th.HE Tempest mentor cally. Two bluesweatered playbawl cut short abruptly. The ball,

had built the team around the brilers charged in ahead for interference incredibly, had passed through the liant Lang. while Shorty Davis made a frantic infallible Chick's big capable

The Improvement Era for November 1933 795

hands! Rooters were numb. Chick in Coach Fidel's behalf against the day Chick Lang was just another

Lang, inside the Crimson goal line, pressure from alumni and students football player, and that, against journalist had the Crimson power drive, was nothad let the oval strike the fingertips—this ironwilled

of his left hand, had slapped the turned yellow and curled up when enough. Coach Bob Fidel could

ball with his right, and let the pigthere actually had come a test. He have jerked his star, but that might

skin fall to the ground. Lang had was a jellyfish, a sentimental namhave more devastating psychologfumbled in a pinch. bypamby; because Chick Lang ical effect at this critical time than

was his friend, he wouldn't tell on anything that might be gained with punted him. The two thousand rabid, a new man.

deep into Blue CALDWELLterritory. On the victoryhungry Tempest rooters, "Thirtyseven, eight y-one,

return punt Chick Lang stooped the coach's future. Sonny Wilson's shift!"

clumsily, it appeared to Sonny Wilown selfrespect—these apparently Sonny Wilson

ball the spiraling slapped see sition, at all. center, get nothing pass meant from He could a lowson—to snapped into pobe- against his ribs and swung in it clearly. a the fact even ball It wasn't allowed the andfumbled

Red player to recover on the Temof Chick's friendship and the poshind the interference. Chick Lang,

pest twentytwo yard line. sible ruination of Lang's potential running ahead, was too close. Sonall. ny stiffarmed a linesman; he dug The play was the exact reverse coaching career—because, after

of the series enacted a minute before Chick would realize what he was cleats into the slippery, trampled, at the other end of the field. Temdoing. He was old enough to sodden turf. Lang, instead of takpest held for two downs, then know the consequences; he was ing out the charging Crimson end,

Caldwell passed over the goal line. sport enough to take it on the chin made an indecisive half step. Sonny

Here again was one of the many if he was found out. Sonny Wilshoved viciously at Chick's broad

specialties of the great Chick Lang, son stared unblinkingly into the wet back, swerved to avoid the imthe knocking down of passes. This ugly fact; he, Wilson, didn't have pacting pair and found himself

time Lang's finger tips again touchthe nerve. He had tried to tell and through the line of scrimmage. The

ed the ball, but they barely deflected he couldn't. There was just someCaldwell halfback was cutting

it and the oval settled into the arms thing inside that he lacked. across, arms outstretched like

of a Caldwell back for a touchscythes. As the tackier dived, Wildown. son twisted and, still going, spun

"Coach! He could've knocked OOTH teams battled twice like a top. Hands clutched

that down!"cried Sonny Wilson. in midfield during the second quarat his calves, slipped down his

off shoes. his then and quarter went ankles another"Chick's ter. Then not—."

feet. his Lurching, on he after was still the half. Tempest barked Coach Fidel. scoreless "Wilson!"

He was not listening, was peernow had its back to the wall. The The safety man was advancing

ing at a fallen player on the field. Crimson power was beginning to cautiously, ready. Sonny Wilson

"It's your spot. Go in right half show. It became a battle not to cut sharply left, knifed ten yards

farther, back, cut then was and six to its Caldwell to hold out."win butand

."behind. tackled lead, from prevent point the Reds from "Coach—send Hardy the players slapped on Blue score. him piling a bigger Through up want? "What'dya No instructions."the plucky cheering of the Tempest back. "Good for me, that shove,"

Sonny Wilson trotted out on rooters ran an icy knife of disapChick Lang said. "I lost my nerve

the field. He fancied he heard Dittie pointment. Big ballyhoo * * * for a half second."

Beasley's contralto from the statraining * * * pointing for the "Lost it?"retorted Wilson. He

dium. battle all year * * * BEAT CALDwanted to say; "You mean you

Caldwell missed kick for goal by WELL * * * hopes * * * frenzy of sold it."

reason of Wilson's frantic dive. His anticipation * * * and now the

stomach cinched up from the imaggregation that was the Crimson More signals. His

pact of the hardbooted ball, but machine was driving down the number, a cut through opposite

Sonny rather enjoyed the pain. field, steamrollering the Tempest tackle. He slapped the damp ball

Chick Lang grinned through his eleven, piling up yardage. It was to his ribs and rushed into a wall

mudmask. The devil was handcertain there would be another of flesh. He took the ball again

some, even with his face covered typical rout in the last quarter. on the next play and reeled ofF

with muck and the dry white resiNow that he was playing by his twelve hectic yards, being downed due of sweat. "Good going, Sonside, Sonny could tell that Lang on the Crimson twentysix yard

ny. How'd'you feel?"was not producing his usual brilline. Then the other team held

"Lower'n a snake's belly,"snapliant game. Chick was a bare fracfor three downs while Sonny Wilped Wilson, and for the first time tion slow in getting under way, he son, carrying the ball each time,

he meant the phrase as he said it. hit the line with something less fought like a drugged man to adHe thought of it as the teams lined than his usual fighting fury. His vance it two yards. Lang called

up for the kickofF: he was low, passes lacked accuracy and distance, for a huddle, and said;

downright noaccount, trashy, the devastating power of paralysis "Now here's the chance, men.

spineless, and generally underwas gone from his tackling. It And it may be the last. All right,

ground. He knew Chick Lang was was not that Lang was not playing now everybody on the job this next

taking money to throw the game, the game, nor that he was not playplay. Sonny, take the ball, fake

and he. Sonny Wilson, didn't have ing a good game. But he was not passing to the right and then whip

the nerve to tell the coach about it. producing his usual game. He was it to me over the line—the old

The fearless editor of the Collegian, no longer an inspired tornado, no twentynine play. It's the game,

who had fought tooth and toenail longer the triplethreat ghost. To- {Continued on page 823)

Angels and<mazons UNDERguing title,this peculiarlyInez HaynesintriIr- markedfeminine withhands.the touchEqualofsuffragestrong torchbearersin for little morefor thanthe rest,beingcannamed.come

of of history in reviewing the are only prohibition But two and by sponsored in a book win, their struggles that disappointments have changes and the obvious most for of Wornen Council National the * * * it is that It evident they grew wrought.'becomes been much the with connection in publication for disregard of in struggle atmosphere up the an mere than more in Exposition Progress of Century describes, they disappointment. Perhaps and equality that the book histhe follows 1933, in Chicago if are feel at will they been has more Irwin Mrs. home however. through American women of tory credit print in too given the not in painting successful notably much

a cleargives century and past the in to credit taken comes that them have changes mental—their movements great the of outline cut satisfyreal to vastly people 'place in and more due ways the American

in which 1 womcentury 9th of the lives their record of the birth Marriage, influence. and feminine ing—in the climaxed part, a by played en education, peace, works. control, world century the 20th of conditions felt all the labor, have morals child first the Politically the of part struggles and the that prove which

is told story with impact."The silent 19 century th found women years hundred of one heartaches cerquiet with humor; and charm it legally, profound them vain. in—as been not have fine eninsight; tainty with and (if fessionally, journalistically through in 1833, "female"From is fairness. It the thusiasm, and is there busiin thing) a such and the "woman"to 1883 of "lady"of struggle; the history of romance arts, civics, ness, trades, the and traces Irwin Mrs. 1933, of today—biogthe rising again; defeat and else. a everywhere was 1833 But in America revolution gentle the so people paints raphy which silent a year, year in a magic which far above placed has woman which realities of truly as out to make later to revolution on, going was sisters female earlier lady and her

is this in combination names; and silent. date so not become That in and line endeavor of every in interesting a presented more work ignored. Individual be cannot proof every walk life—business, bioghistory or romance, than to be there here began and women has civil, fessional, religious—and colorthe be could without raphy seen, idea old even heard. and The even equality comparative to raised

rest. ful the contrast of in of place the being woman's home weakwith it!—the men—imagine it still spite in voiced, of but was Irwin itself be to er proved has npHE sex which date—1833—Mrs.

its the in beginnings, crude machine is tells us, in not beginning, ways. very in few weaker

"Lucy Stone was the eighth chosen arbitrarily, for time has been was bringing women into factory mill. best women, Not the proand in having the author kind to Irwin Mrs. family,"child in her * * socially, of course, but women. stirrings in that vided year which tells us. 1818—night—in "The

before she was born, her mother later were recognized as the start "What was that woman of the milked eight cows. When they of a great awakening. And it was early 19th century like—that

scy hard? life was cenwoman for whom sex of her the new told Stone Mrs. rhetorically—a literally—not

afford could who * * * Women progress which tury of observable so dear, said, I'm 'Oh, she baby, sorry it is a girl. A woman's life ended with the year 1933. Prior the luxury of dramatizing themis so hard'."A slave to housekeepto the stirrings of that longago selves were all frills and fans, all

ing and childbearing, both under day, women had seemed to stand softness and sadness. They

difficult conditions, a woman did still for "with a sighed and fainted. They went years—gazingpolite acquiescence on into declines, and died of broken live a hard life in the beginning of kind of chill,

the century which is at an end, and the current of her existence."hearts. Their very clothes confined

the book "Angels and Amazons"Because of the long rosters of and tormented them, pressed and takes up, one by one, histories of notable names which have become bruised them, caught and tripped movements which have succeeded associated with almost every field them."

to the point of making her life less of effort and achievement in which Naturally there were other types hard, and mothers less likely to women have risen during the cen-—pioneer women, ht)me women,

sorrow unselfishly over the birth of tury past, it would be impossible etc. But only here and there did

a daughter. The rise of woman is to discuss the work of any parone go outside the approved realm

one of the great accomplishments ticular ones in specific connections of female activity and brave the of the last one hundred years. without ignoring others just as imcensure of her world by launching

"In the day of the pioneer there portant; and impossible to discuss into new fields. In 1818 Hannah

were no women in trade, none in all of them without devoting the Adams, forming a woman's club, the professions, none in public life, entire space of this article to perstarted something in the way of only a handful in teaching, a smatsonalities. Consequently, and with organization which was to go tering in the arts, and any woman the full realization that it is almost down through the years—she was

who considered business as a career an injustice to the women who gave a forerunner of the "giants, Lucreopened herself to the charge of be- a life's devotion to a cause, most tia Mott, Susan B. Anthony,

ing unsexed,"we are told. "Toof them will not so much as be Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Lucy

day we have a world peculiarly mentioned; others, who were the Stone * * *."

The lntpr&r>ement Era for November, 1933 797 '''Sfadying the early past of the m the condition of women in eduduring the last century is of parteachers, and ticular interest, inasmuch as theirNi&eteenth Century, &m seems to cation—as students,

sec the whole sex as vast, subfinally as school executives, until success in securing the franchise was metged continent. H'te and there today women far outrank and outrealized recently enough to be i;e-

a column of rock rises above murky number men in the teaching promembered by all who are of age in waters. It is exciting, thrilling, fession and as students in high the country. The course of orpTofoundly movimg, as one follows schools and colleges, except proganization into active groups in

the years from 1833 to 1933, to fessional schools. which women were striving for

rsee other rocky tors emerge—and In the field of medicine, women such causes as temperance and suf-;more—and more—until gigantic had a desperately hard time, being certain purposes naturally included

chains of mountains have lifted regarded as demoralized if they frage, for women have always been, themselves into the clear air. Gradsought entrance. In 1848 Dr. recognized as the moral arbiters of

ually., the whole vast expanse rises Samuel Gregory of Boston started their civilization, and naturally

into the light of the sun."a school called the Female Medical they felt, early, that they should

in the govern- a voice allowed Educationally, girls were first instibe the regardCollege—-"probably the beIn country. of their ment quantity in general as a negativeed in tution in the world which

until the late seventeen hundreds, women could study medicine"and ginning the issues seemed to run were at whicli time the grammar grades it was really simply an elementary together somehow—women

were opened to them. Specifically course in scientific midwifery. In uniting on principles which werethere were exceptions, for the 1850 the Female Medical College vital to them—and

cause of temperance became conQuakers—"in so many things libof Philadelphia was opened to inevitably the

erally enlightened before the rest women, in which institution they nected with the others, and slavery in. also crept the peace question and eletheir a fairly obtain could thorough of the world"—opened prothe decade second the "In as well schools to girls asmentary education, public medical although

boys, and a woman was teaching opinion was hardly less severe than gram included: Antinarcotics,

there as early as 1702. before on those who chose to take Child Welfare, Christian CitizenIn 1853 a young woman Suadvantage of this opportunity. The ship, Evangelistic Fairs and Open

Air Meetings, Flower Mission Elizaof Harriet Hunt and an educareerssan. Anthony—attended Health Inand Heredity, sigFranchise, are Blackwell beth and cational Emily convention; the discussion

as to why the profession of teaching nificant and typical of the condistitutes, Kindergarten Legislation, faiXed to command respect so intertions which discouraged women in Loyal Temperance Legion, Literested her that she dared the scorn early days from entering medicine, ature, Medal Contests, Medical:

(of -the gathering in rising to her feet and eloquent of the intrepidity Temperance, Mercy, Purity, Par-.and, obtaining permission to speak, with which some clung to their liamentary Usage, Peace and Insaid, "It seems to me, gentlemen, chosen work. In law and the minternational Arbitration, Penal and

that noire of you quite comprehend istry it was most difficult to obtain Reformatory Work, The Press, the cause of the disrespect of which a foothold in the middle nineteenth Purity in Literature and Art, Sabyou.complain. Do you not see that century, but gradually the tide of bath Observance, Scientific Temso lon as society says a woman is development gave way, and women perance Instruction, School Savings

incompetent to he a lawyer, minentered where other angels feared Banks, Sunday Schools, Temperister, or doctor, hut has ample abilto tread. ance and Labor, Temperance and

ity that every a teacher, to he man The history of women in politics Missions,Work AmongBible inColoredPublic Schools,People, this whio chooses youof profession tacitly a<:knowledes thiat hie has no Work Among Foreigners, Work

more brains than a woman? And Among Indians, Work Among

thh too, is the reason that teaching Hallowe'en Lumbermen and Miners, Work is a kss lucrative profession, as here Among Railroad Employees, Work mem must compete with the cheap By Algte Hubert Among Soldiers and Sailors, and.

Young Unions."Women'slabor of exalt you woman. Would a in 'I tree quiver the tops WERE'S profession, exaltyour those who -* the plays breeze hide seek Where and each of fields, the above as TN welllabor you. yoti with make Would a strange There's light the where moonas more, manyit have lucrative, conwomen increase more salarthe beams tinued to organize andies of the work and in the engaged women the purple meet; shadows And fight, their energies sometimes henoble educating of future our work little a heart's fearful And my corning so enthusiastically intoPresidents, put Senators, Congressand trees the to fro As wave and action that they were regarded asmen."just Folks can't be very cheerful belligerent, and reaped the whole

it's Hallowe'en, that adds matter you When no know. Comment harvest of antagonism that seeds of the schoolmasterswhat have might belligerence call forth. their But a There's band ghosts of goblins and ofthought as Miss a Anthony fighting has not in been vain, for Dancing each shady lane; down to they recognizewoman, had the along the battleline of every en- a sad There's note the night birds fromfact that "hit she nail the had on counter, over the wounded and Telling summer's the on wane;the also that head;"many women in dead the fray, has a been flung Erie stretch shadows before mein the audience at were outraged flag truce of has which been their the a wind's low; And moaningthe conduct of Miss Anthony. banner of achievement. book A Nature to Mother wants show me

fivehundred pages has, there is a 1833 onpROM distinct That it's Hallowe'en, you know. oftoldalmostthe story "in brief;"a review

observable and readily uptrend (Continued on page 824)

into HISTORYJmg and HORTICULTURE By Frank R. Arnold

Autumn is the glorious time for hiking. Why not loiter with

Frank R. Arnold, an expert at It, along one of Utahs entrancing

roads and learn the art of enjoyment. If this article, to those along

the road, should seem a bit out of date, we take the blame.

Scouts in Weber and view of the north coast of Africa BOYDavis Counties usually look to be had from the rock of Gibralon the mountain road from tar. So many suggestions of the

goodly land of Europe are pleasing Uintah to Kaysville as just the right distance to give them a merit to behold in the goodly land of

Utah, but it takes a returned misbadge in hiking. There and back

to point out sionary them comrade is miles it just twentyfive about that probable and it is more than if the Scouts take with them but Boy Scouts are not numerous the right companions or loiter at mental wanderings roam firesides route they the right en may whose to Gibralfrom the road mountain better get a merit than something tar. All geography and the same

tells "Old about badge. Whittier

geology should play a part in his roads winding as old roads will, dancing wayside thoughts. Here to a ferry and there to a mill,"

but the Davis county mountain A Boy Scout loves trees and road winds into pioneer history, vines and on the mountain road he into geology and horticulture, and is in one of the best fruit sections even into Europe, rather than into of the state. He will want to gorge

ferries and mills. on the Orb cherries on the Walton

All along the road you are on place, if his pilgrimage is late in the upper reaches of the sand ridge June and commiserate with the that was piled up by the Weber owner on the fact that Orbs are so

River in Lake Bonneville times and hard to pollenize. Nearby Stilson

was known to early settlers as the Whitesides has the biggest cherry

Hooper range, a free for all range orchard in the county. He will

country until it was transformed explain to you how to tell a Lamby the Weber and Davis canal into bert cherry tree from a Bing. Most

a patchwork farm country that people can't do it, but he can tell closely resembles New or Old Enginstinctively the moment he sees a land, while the mountains to the tree, by its shape and the way the east so green with scrub oak are cherries hang. He can also explain

very reminiscent of Switzerland. to you how, thanks to Smoot tariff

That is what you have on both and American technique, the Nasides of you as you walk along poleon cherry has become the while on a hot summer's day the American maraschino and has defiwestern lake takes on a Mediternitely ended the reign of the French ranean blue and Antelope Island, maraschino. It has so little color

with its browns and pinks, is the it doesn't need to be blanched much nearest approach in America to the and takes artificial coloring admirThe Improvement Era for Tovemher 1933 799

ably. Mr. Whitesides is also most The Hills have accumulated would fill up and away they would

enthusiastic over his Hale peaches, many treasures through the generago as fast as the drivers could whip a sport from Twin Falls that has tions, museum pieces of Royal up the horses until they changed at better size and quality than its Worcester china, green and gold a ten mile relay east of Kaysville.

parent the Elberta. Why, you brocade brought from England for Now Uintah is the most peaceful

can't begin to get a single peach men's vests and now descended to village in Utah and the whitewashinto a two quart jar, and the Hale pincushions, solid silver coffee ed letter "U"on the mountain side sells for three times what the ordispoons with the marks of five genbears witness to the fact that Boy nary Elberta will bring. erations of teeth on them, spear and Scout spirit started the letter, but

And then there is grape lore. arrow heads picked up on the farm it turned out to be a man's job and

You'll see grapes that don't have to in the wake of the plow, and a map now every spring Uintah has a be irrigated, grapes that were plantof England printed on cloth a huncommunity day to renew the whiteed deep, in trenches, Italian fashion. dred years ago and showing the wash and play ball.

And you may hear of grape juice railroads and navigation routes as The best man to visit in town is made from mixed Delawares and well as counties and cities. PerTimothy Kendell. He has set

Muscats, grape juice that is like haps you'd better bring your mothdown everything. His wife was

drinking perfume. You'll be surer or your sister with you to see the daughter of Parley Pratt Parker

prised to find how the usual slip the Royal Worcester china that beProphet and as you hear him tell of skin eastern varieties like the Delalongs to Mrs. George A. Hill. One John Bybee, Lewis Hardy, Abiah

ware and the Concord sell far better is a little cup that was given to her Wadsworth, "Joseph Kingsbury in Utah than the ubiquitous Caligrandmother, Susanna Lane, on her who used to sit for years as keeper fornia varieties. The mountain seventh birthday, almost a hundred of the East Gate of the Salt Lake

road can raise both kinds, but Utah and fifty years ago. It was made to Temple"you glow with pride in

people with the pronounced eastern order at the Worcester factory and the glorious inheritance of Utah strain in their blood want the eastpresented by a little boy at the names. They all come from disern varieties. birthday party. It has Susanna's tinguished wells of English. He has

it initials iniin painted gold, on the memories. He knows many peach out of the you get tials A FTER so gracefully interlooped and a only Weber, history of South"going country, and cherry it is that the twined of one world's place of the gathering mile away,

north you take your last view of eternally lovely things. Another the Morrisites, the only place in

the Lake, drink at a mountain Royal Worcester piece is a plate Utah where white people used canspring boiling up by the roadside with shells and seaweeds painted on non on each other. He knows Engand then descend into Whiskey it, a plate that china collectors land too, for with his cousin Henry

Hollow, once a relay station for the would give their eyes to own, and Firth, who is now "worsern"85, stage on its way to Corinne and that you may esteem yourself forwhile he himself is worsern"70,

Butte. Here is one of the Hill tunate to gaze upon. he went to England in 1887 to

farms, the greenest mountain slope celebrate one of Victoria's jubilees.

in Utah, 140 acres of alfalfa, A BOUT a mile beyond the Hills There were rates from all over the wheat, and trebi barley and 600 you get to Uintah, the most world and the round trip from acres of oak brush range reaching to Pompeian corner of Utah for memOgden to Liverpool cost only the top of the mountain, too dense ories, though there is nothing now $140. No modern missionary

for sheep but ideal for cattle. Just in the alfalfa fields along the track rates can come up to that. The

the kind of a ranch you long to to indicate the saloons, stores, and jubilee was celebrated in every Engpossess. Here you get into the daughters of joy that used to line lish town and village and the

family heart of the road. the thoroughfare when Uintah was cousins even met the Prince of

You have heard of Petits, Butchthe eastern end of the Union PaWales as well as visited the native ers, Waltons, Criddles, Wards, cific as well as the starting point Yorkshire of their ancestors.

the Harveys, but andRaymonds for stage the Salt to which went will go heart Scout's Boy Any living the longestHills been have over road. the Lake mountain The for his to Kendell out Timothy first in road. the cameon The train in passengers come would and as well age old lovable green and Hill, giant a 1862. John was He rival drivers, stage be met of by each the as his pioneer memories. He weighBristol, England,from who to get swear would them whom road. the of climax mountain isYou all to theed 360 from 320 way first. into Salt stages Lake The cherries start grapes and with and fortunately broadpounds, had but

er shoulders than waist girth and European connotations and you was over six feet tall. He was the end with rare personalities like Mrs.

kind of man, who hearing his horse Alone George A. Hill and Timothy Kenin the night wouldwhinney jump By Virginia Eggettson dell,with ana meritendingbadgecrownedbut withnotcountonly find bed, the horse's the fromup

roadside byproducts. I a-flower hunting, less go out XTTHEN clad in a night and, gone onlymate

It is 'easy task an of is true one revolver, mounwhat ballshirt cap and And and carry a fragrant bunch home To for in tain is true Utah, road of all thief pursue the Indian andwould as pretty ask you'd As get his horse back. His family to Within one little hour. they are all rosaries for piety and

the fourth generation is still on the remembrance as well as vistas and a land of milk and honey.farm. You would think you were ButI haveafterbroughtbeing aoutsingletoday,spray. vales of

in Vermont, so permanent is the Alone, it made a whole bouquet Only the Boy Scout traveler must farm tenure through the generaAnd I couldn't add a flower."have eyes to see or a companion to

tions. open them. Hence this article.

SOO -- 1 9 I——L-vJllvJI lUI

Let Us Give Thanks Thouenemies.hast established strength because of thine

T ET us this November give thanks that Hght To still the enemy and the revengeful.

"shineth in the darkness,"that everywhere are

I see thy heavens, the work of thy fingers. indications that the love of the Lord is in the "When

hast stars formed; thou the which and The moon hours, children. hearts of seen dark have His We of him, shouldst that think thou is man faith see the What others, has but to him we may who for care shouldst the thou of that son man And is certain. morning

God loves His children, and millions of His him?

children love God, for have they not given the "Yet thou hast made him but little lower than proof in their care for their neighbors, their God, friends, and even their enemies. According to the And dost crown him with glory and honor!

Master that is the greatest proof of godliness. The Thou madest him ruler over the works of thy

beloved Apostle said, "Dear friends, let us love hands.

one another, for love comes from God, and everyThou hast put all things under his feet;

—one1 whoJohnloves4:1-8.is a child of God and knows God.""All sheep and oxen

Wickedness exists. For that we are sorry, And also the beasts of the field;

for wickedness is walking in the dark when the The birds of the heavens and the fish of the sea.

light is available. A cloud has covered the earth, That traverse the paths of the sea.

but it is rifting. Man, who is the representative

of God on earth, is looking up through the clouds "O Lord, our Lord, hoping for a new day. He has in his power to "How glorious is thy name in all the earth."bring the morning light, to make the world beau-—Eighth Psalm—The Short Bible tiful and clean, and we should be thankful to note—American Translation.

everywhere not only a yearning for the light but light. a striving to reach the New General Authorities

will be There is and opposition in many quarters. There are those without faith in man; who A T the recent conference held in Salt Lake City

believe he has fallen from the encircling arms of Elder Charles A. Callis, president of the

God's love, and who await in trembling awe the Southern States Mission, was sustained as a memvengeance of a wrathful God. There are those ber of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, and

who are selfish, who do not desire the light for fear Elder John H. Taylor, as a member of the First

that it will interfere with their own nefarious enSeven Presidents of Seventy. Both of these men

terprises. There are those who are weak; who have had a long experience in Church work and

would like to see the light, would like to reach will bring to their new offices dignity and power.

the light, but who are deceived and frustrated by there others those mentioned. have But we are Should We Welcome or Avoid in in the every world land and clime men who

Christianity climbed a practical have up toward rebuild the a Pestilence declare that and will man can who world, with the help of God, after the pattern (N November 7 the citizens of Utah are to vote mands—inlaid down bythetheGoldenSon inRule.His first and second comment uponto the theConstitutionratificationof ofthe theUnited21stStatesAmendand

The council of the nations, the international also upon the repeal of their own state laws good will fostered by the great Scout movement, governing the liquor trafiic. Whether Utah ratithe Women's movement, the dinner club movefies the 21st Amendment or not, indications are

ments, the pacts and business agreements on an that the 18th Amendment will become null and international basis, and, on a national basis the void, but the voters of the state have the power effort to bring about in the N. R. A. a national to retain their own laws which will keep Utah

spirit of cooperation, and the other great agencies dry.

at work in this land including the frank public In the face of wet arguments many people are statements of our President, all indicate that man bewildered. The dryat-heart but wetto-bein-

has ceased to be a fatalist. He has come to believe theswim people say with a smile: "The saloon

that he is "but little lower than the angels"and will never come back. We are wet, but we are for

that he can control the agencies of destruction as drastic control of the liquor business."

well as the agencies of progress and construction. Such innocence in these sophisticated times is

Let us give thanks at this time that the Psalmist surprising and disappointing. The liquor habit

sang a song long ago which gives us courage now; is not a disease like diphtheria, typhoid, or small

"O Lord, our Lord, pox for which one can be vaccinated, yet it is

How glorious is thy name in all the earth! epidemic and devastating. Those who succumb

I will sing thy praise to the heavens. to liquor drag out a lingering, horrible existence

From the mouths of babes and infants. to a disgraceful end and die in misery dragging

tk II II 11—illl—It—.—MHi—i I IIIh II II I—HHII 41—111——.1 II KHn—II—lf—irfl——ItHII—w-Uea—II—HH 1FHItrApl/nl f Pr IvJI vjllvyl

down to the depths of despair their immediate to strike the roses from a woman's cheeks, and torelatives and friends. AlcohoHsm is a pestilence morrow it challenges this republic in the halls of

which has scourged the earth for centuries. Congress.

The saloon is the breeding place of the alcoholic "Today it strikes the crust from the lips of a pestilence. Those who think it will not come starving child, and tomorrow levies tribute from

back are certainly asleep or unconscious, for it is the government itself. There is no cottage humble

back not only in states which have no liquor laws enough to escape it—no palace strong enough to

other than the 18th Amendment, but in Utah shut it out. * * *

as well. A place in which liquor is sold and drunk "It is the mortal enemy of peace and order. The

is a saloon. That is the definition of the word. despoiler of men, the terror of women, the cloud

If Utahn's repeal their state laws governing the that shadows the face of children, the demon that sale of liquor, then what control is left? has dug more graves and sent more souls unThe wet argument, in its very nature, indicates shriven to judgment than all the pestilences that

that the wets do not want control. If liquor is have wasted life since God sent the plagues to

to be brought back to furnish revenue for state Egypt, and all the wars since Joshua stood before and nation, it is only logical to believe that the Jericho. * * *

more liquor there is sold the better it will be. "It can profit no man by its return. It can

Saloons are ideal places in which to sell liquor, uplift no industry, revive no interests, remedy no for the reason that as men lose control of their wrong. * * * It comes to destroy, and it shall

senses they spend more and more until either they profit mainly by the ruin of your sons and mine.

have no money left or they are too sodden to It comes to mislead human souls and crush human drink any more. They not only fill themselves hearts under its rumbling wheels.

up to the brim, but they fill their friends, and "It comes to bring grayhaired mothers down even the stranger who may happen to be in the in sorrow to their graves. It comes to turn the

place. If liquor is to be advanced as a revenue wife's love into despair, and her pride into shame.

getter, then of course, we must have a place in It comes to still the laughter on the lips of little which it will be sold and sold and sold regardless children, and to stifle all the music of the home and of the despairing wife and the hungry and naked fill it with silence and desolation. It comes to ruin

children who may be waiting heartbroken at your body and mind, to wreck your home."

home or in some shack or hovel.

paper prepared by Alonzo L. Baker. To repeal the Utah state laws regarding liquor—From

is to invite pestilence that and disaster. Finding

liquor a pestilence was truly be President it could and that controlled only as malaria is controlled by sanitaFranklinD, Roosevelt says:

tion, the removal of places disease, breed the which efforts all is the conviction our the people state. cleaned the of Utah up They TJNDERLYING

live alone. themselves unto that men cannot saloons made sale unlawful the of liquor and

impossible under the law. In that state the sani- "A democracy must be bound together by the

of neighborliness. tary measures successful. were the ties before Now "Social justice is becoming an evergrowing laws are repealed at one sweep the people should

pause and take thought. factor and influence in almost every part of the

Are we ready for repeal? If we remove our world.

present laws what laws will govern the state "Spiritual values count in the long run more liquor traffic? Should we not retain our present than material values."

laws until new plans are laid for the control of this deadly pestilence, if we are to be compelled to Alonzo Baker says:

tolerate it at all? \J/E may repeal Prohibition, but we cannot reWbp by his vote would sweep Utah with peal the heartaches and the despair that are in

malaria, with typhoid, with small pox? Yet, legalized liquor.

alcohol has been proved to be more deadly than "We may repeal Prohibition, but we cannot these. H. R. M. repeal the misery and the poverty that are in

Henry Grady Though Dead legalized"We mayliquor.repeal Prohibition, but we cannot

Speaks Again repealens lifethatexpectancylaw whichandsaysmakesthe theuse drinkerof liquora poorershort- [Henry Grady, famed orator and journalist of half physical risk.

century ago, a greatest of the gave speeches of pne dollar spent for wet goods cannot be spent "A brilliant his career in opposition to the reopening for dry goods."the of saloons in his city, Atlanta, Georgia. home

See how his words fit our situation today:]

TI/TY friends, hestitate before you vote liquor PresidentHeherJ. Grant says:

back. * * * now that it is shut out. Don't A/[y opinion is that no greater hardship could

trust it. It is powerful, aggressive, and universal come to this nation than to have the resale of

I in its attacks. Tonight it enters an humble home liquor."

I f—I. 'eykws

and bethisavailable.volume of helpful information will change,of GenesistheytohaveJoshuamadeareit.placedThe sevenbooks "Utah—Resources

Activities"A list of the chapter headings will teenth in this modernized book of give the reader of this article a bird's- scripture, and the Gospels are placed in

Edited and Compiled by eye view of the contents of the volume: their chronological positions in the

L. R. HUMPHREYSPROFESSOR 2. Testament. 1. Introduction; Geography and New Staff Educational of the State of this arrangeexplanation 4. 3. an Geology; Weather; As Land The

Assisted by in his 5. the Scenery, Utilization; book, Dr. Goodspeed of ment Ownership and

C. A. MATHESONSECRETARY says: Forest consultation 6. preface with "After Parks, and Monuments; The

tf}0 the Department Office for Stateof 7. teachers of the Resources; experienced Watersheds Engand Range many

of the Instruction of Public that, 9. to clear Life; lish Bible it has 8. Plant Supply; become and Water

State of Utah Animal Life; 10. Conservation and be most useful, it should present the

"COR a long time,"says Charles H. Management of Wild Life; 11. Hisvarious books in the chronological

'Skidmore, state superintendent of tory; 12. Departments of State Govorder of their composition, so that

public instruction, in a prefatory note, ernments; 13. Population; 14. Educaearlier religious ideas come first and

"the schools of Utah have felt keenly tion; 15. Wealth, Income, and Taxamore developed ones later. So arthe need of a book of general information; 16. Agriculture; 17. Mining and ranged, the book becomes an introduction on the resources and activities of Mineral Wealth; 18. Manufacturing; tion to the development of Hebrew

the state. The Utah Manufacturers'19 Public Utilities; 20. Public Highand Christian religious thought, and

Association and other organizations ways; 21. Federal Cooperation in the great messages of the prophets and

have suggested that such important data Utah; 22, Conclusion. evangelists stand out in their full origfinally, inality. should each book And, the in placed published and beshould i i i

its brief a of preceded account be by Enterteachers. pupils and ofhands L. Eugene Mrs. and pROFESSOR statement origin a of purpose; and this that held citizensprising have * CaliAngeles, Roberts, of Los it hiswritten, for and when was why the undertaken be by shouldwork

the fornia, book, "Twenty recommend essential torical study has shown how InstrucPublic ofState Department reading. for of Growing,"They real to introductions are unsuch any a Years this intion. with and mind, With

is it helpful. as well as delightful say the of derstanding books."interests educational serve thedesire to

of the public, the State Department of What do you recommend? Undoubtedly there will be many,

Education has attempted to assemble despite the fact that Dr. Goodspeed says

here many essential facts in a single The Short Bible the scholars are pretty well agreed, who of that the arrangement not admit Translation in willvolume entitled "Utah—Resources and The American Bible is the Short the books in The BriefActivities."

will that correct matter one, but not Mr. and L. Humphreys R. Professor Edited by

interfere the reader the with enjoyment their assistance called more toMatheson J. and GOODSPEED EDJAR this gives get from which volume may state fifty the experts ofthan who J. P. M. SMITH it parts Bible) of only "those (The "resources the the of phaseswrote upon Press, of University Chicago (The acquainted to be everyone ought which the activities"commonwealth ofand pages. 545 $2.00) rehistorical, literary, or a with, from familiar. they were most whichwith

The result is a book of 458 pages TV/TANY things have been done with ligious point of view."(From the

containing 22 chapters and more than and to The Bible during the past Preface.)

150 illustrations including a scenic fifty or one hundred years, but it reIn defense, or perhaps it would be section in full color. mains for The Short Bible, edited by better to say, in the explanation of the

Reviewing the book would be like Goodspeed and Smith of the University book. Dr. Goodspeed says: "A cultireviewing the dictionary or an enof Chicago to mark the most daring vated woman once remarked that she

cyclopedia. Indeed an encyclopedia it of all of the efforts to make the Bible had always supposed the Bible was to

is, of useful knowledge concerning the truly readable and enjoyable to the look up references in. It is too true

BeeHive state from geology to game younger generation. Not only is this that many people actually know no

birds. new Bible in the vernacular of today, other use for it. Its size, variety, and

In this single volume is to be found it is shortened and explained, rearobscurity bewilder them. They need

information concerning many subjects. ranged, and repunctuated. a bridge to carry them over these

The adult as well as the pupil will find Thousands of people have become gulfs to the understanding and appreevery chapter intensely interesting, for familiar enough with the SmithGood- ciation of it. This is why so many

each chapter deals with the substance speed American translation to find in shortened Bibles have made their apof which Utah life is made. it beauties which were entirely hidden pearance of late years. They are not

That the book will meet a need in by the old King James translation. meant as substitutes for the Bible but

the public schools of the state there can That change from the majestic and as introductions to it."

be no question. It is well printed on dignified English of the scholars of As an introduction to the Bible this

good paper and is serviceably bound in three hundred years ago to the common new book is admirable. Many of us,

brown cloth. Superintendent Skidlanguage of today was startling, but however, will find some of our most

more, Mr. Humphreys, Mr. Matheson, now the authors have startled us again treasured stories and poems left out of

and the experts who contributed their by daring to suggest that Amos, not it. That is not serious since we have

information to the volume are all deGenesis, should come first in the Old the complete Bible at our service and serving of the gratitude of the citizens Testament, and that the Pauline epistles even the American translation which is of Utah, for now in many homes, and should open the New Testament. Infollowed in the present text.

in all of our public and school libraries. deed they have not only suggested that {Continued on page 804)

office Picthe of Motion therpROM following are estimates The of picDistributors of'ture Producers and tures made various organizations by Public Reladepartment ofAmerica, interested in films, better and reported information,tions, following the comes their through chairmen:

Alice signature of theover Ames

Winter: Berkeley Square

version Remarkable of remarkable is still going there write on "As we play; Leslie and Heather Howard Angel altercation over ain hot Washington stand out in superbly the best of one Conflicting Picturethe Code. Motion pictures the of month. from early pioneering days in the DaDistributorinterests and Producer, of

territory the to kota present time other. each clash withExhibitor in Ever Heart brilliant directed, finely acting in and my discussed crucial long the andAmong Powerful, its story in the of moving impressive meaning. are still those settled toquestions be tragedy a of GermanAmerican marhas canReporter Hollywood "The doublerelating and to block booking

riage, caused war. by the world High theaters, city vassed theaters and 3,440 latter multibilling. the Concerning

to fine honors for Otto characKruger office to real the as small towns box organizations havetudes of women's terization sensitive, idealistic of GerIt's stars. interesting us record for an is it that protest, believing injoined man; Barbara Stanwyck and Ralph first five workers. picture The women excellence thejeopardizing and both

also Bellamy good. Adults and young are as follows: and men picture of valuesthe entertainment

people.

Dxessler, Shearer, well. as business "Marie thereby hurting Normashows,

Janet Joan Crawford, the Gaynor, as government Mae it looks thoughBut The World Changes, its picture it far) so one to (only settle West only regard with Walwould Strong portrayal of three generations lace Beery, effect Gable, BarryLionel Clarkpossible employment. on of as rise seen in fall the America and Frederic Rogers, more, Will March. in submitted the code "Meanwhile It a of family. follows one man lesser, are second group "The who the conferences the headedthrough by through to great dreams young power office'still are: 'box but DisProducers Picture andMotion bitter disillusionment, and final a with Blondell, Jean "Joan Harlow, Ruth is the basis the fortributors (which of seen gleam fine in hope the young Harding, Hayes, Helen Ann a Chatterton, inserteddiscussion) there has been grandson soil. returns to the who Arliss, Eddie George Cantor, Maurice ethical content theprovision concerning Family.

Chevalier, James Cagney, Robert together pictures, the machinery withof for self determination on standards. Of Montgomery."

course this is the question with which Beauty For Sale several bits for Except border which is definite trend toward a There are concerned, deeply and mostwe this vulgarity, on be could recommendbetter recent pictures of will are stand months, and hopingwhich when we is, it it is ed. cleverly espeAs done, a is theatergoers the part tendency to of the instrufinalthe on given form

cially in spots. Adults and young to type. is pictures a pictures patronize higher to of govern underment which

people.

If the events oftencited of comparisonthe A. R. N.

"There is a manifest movement towith the pendulum of the clock is deward pictures of greater significance. pendable, it can truly be said that the Brief Moment

Entertaining cafe inlaw problem of pictures pendulum toward stage the can it on who saw No one singer marries wealthy playboy who uplift wholesome and Itforget the Jones. deserves Emperor

tries and of him. to make a man More "wholethe word 'great,'withmessage—'althoughdecency,is swinging careoften tooadjective used

lessly; poignant, tragic, seeming to dip some"somehow seems to frighten peointerest in characterization and dialogue

deeply into the springs of life. The ple into thinking it means prudish and than action. Adults and young people.

picture maintains the high qualities of preachy, which it does not.

to Hollywood it It will play. claimedthe that of Broadway It has been the law stir millions—but of actors, carried Three generations contraries story. seems to is not govern which a happy many

"S. O. S. Iceberg on the other hand, decrees that a list of recommended picthrough a story with humor, brilliance

filmed largely in cold Greenland, is very tures automatically will be avoided, and a human quality. Not a picture

beautiful. Although it is not a story and unapproved piictures will draw of highest grade, yet it has merit.

in the ordinary sense it is thrilling and crowds; statistics prove this to be unFamily.

captivating in its portrayal of the strugtrue. Of the stars named above as

gles of men and wonderful dogs in favorites, most are usually presented in Chance at Heaven beautiful backgrounds—with a Hollyunobjectionable films; the others apYoung man who marries the wrong

wood story tacked on. peal, in spite of the pictures, because of girl, thinking it to be his chance at

"The World Changes sweeps over strong personalities and excellent acting heaven, is brought back to sane values the great canvas of American history ability. in the end. Adults and young people.

804 The Improvement Era for JSovember, 1933

Midshipman Jack The editorial notes preceding the clear type on good white paper. All

Finely told story of discipline at chapters are decidedly helpful. To of these things make the Short Bible

Annapolis, interwoven with a thread have eminent scholars like Drs. Goodenthralling reading. Though in this

of romance, loyalty and affection. speed and Smith sit down with one new form the book may not seem, on

Outstanding for family. and tell one in clear brief language just account of tradition, so like scripture,

what the book is about is to have that it will undoubtedly have a greater apOne Sunday Afternoon book take on new interest and meaning. peal as literature.

Engaging story of the braggart of While not all of the pages of The To the readers of this magazine Dr.

the '90's who overcomes two pet obBible as we have always known it, and Edgar J. Goodspeed needs no introducsessions through the deep devotion of indeed not all of the interesting pages tion for the reason that several of his

his wife. Adults and young people. of that Bible are included in this voldelightful essays have been printed in

declare certainty can ume, with one these pages. Those essays, alone, oughtSaturday's Millions a dull has page been included. that not

Good clean comedy of football and Here is the cream of the great Hebrew to be guarantees that the translation is theromance, with an unusual twist at the poems and stories couched in modern of the New Testament, which end, make a good picture. Drinking English, punctuated as we are in the part made by Dr. Goodspeed, will be

scenes mar it. Family. habit of seeing our poems and narfound to be forceful as well as graceful

ratives punctuated, printed in large. English.

Turn Back the Clock -<gg>SIWhat would have happened if, in his youth, a man had made a different Continued fromchoice is delightfully shown in this What's in a Word? page, 777

Lee Tracy Picture. Family.

flowers grew and there was happiof the word, who would not chide

Torch Singer ness in the world, for Ceres, cheerone for tantalizing another?

Emotional drama of thwarted fully attended to all of her duties. Atlas was a huge giant destined

motherlove played well by Claudette But as soon as Proserpina returned to support the heavens upon his

Colbert. Irregular sex relations and a to her lower home, the mother reshoulders for countless ages. Jansuggestive song make the picture worldtired to her dark cave and the skies uary comes from the name of the

lywise in type; lesson good. Adults. wept and all nature mourned Prosgod of the past, present and future,

erpina's departure. the patron of all beginnings. HeCar No. Seventeen

Good crime story with modern police was believed to have two faces methods and all sympathy on the side npHIS myth was a poetic explanaturned in opposite directions beof law and order. Family. tion by the ancients of the cause he was acquainted with the

seasons. The sorrow of Ceres, the past and the future as well as with

Kennel Murder Case mother of all things, over the abthe present, and because he was

Wickedness plays a losing game in sence of her daughter, spring or considered an emblem of the sun this modern substitute for the old dime vegetation, was the gloom which which opens and closes the day.

has that wide appeal. theme aveall gatesnovel—a earth and presided the over during the cheerless He but covers for children, complicated tooPlot

see to easy therefore, It is winter. nues. of months like dogs. Family. the willthey

And all this meaning is wrapped that our prosaic term janitor is deFootlight Parade up in the common little word rived from this old Roman god,

Another musical, moving so fast it cereal. the keeper of doors and gates in the

is breathtaking. Unconventional, Tantalize embodies an interestreal as well as in the figurative sense.

rough, much display withoften other are words numerous There also. one Tantalus was story of ing

it in underoffensiveflesh, not is withal fascinating mythowith up bound (Heaven) of the sons of Uranus basis. Adults. ethicallying

characters Such logical and stories. war- (Earth) had Gaea and, who

My Weakness red against Jupiter and been dewords as chaotic, geology, Europe,

Rhythmical musical phantasy with feated. Before he was cast into cupid, zephyr, flora, morphine,

Cinderella theme. Clever plot and Tartarus he had been a monarch mercury, protean, siren, lyre, echo,

cannot melodies catchy andrhythm halcyon, Tuesday, Wed* the gods. of favored He narcissus, reand much suggestive unfortunate thedeem many fury, Friday, nesday, Thursday, person, a naturally wicked was linesinferences of dialogue. and arherculean, chimera, Amazon, committed however, many and

serious crimes. Among these was gonaut, orphan, hector, vulcanize,

Book Reviews causethe murderof theseofcrimes,his ownwhenson.he died,Besiren,myrmidon,harpy, stentorian,jovial, martial,paladium,vestal,

Continued from he was condemned to everlasting plutCKrat, museum, satire, auroral, page 802 punishment. He was made to chronology, wierd, titanic, and

Undoubtedly the person who makes stand in water up to his chin, in many others have a halo of romance this Short Bible his companion will pure, clear water which whenever about them which would add to find in it many beautiful things. In he stooped to quench his tormentour enrichment and pleasure if we

it he can become acquainted with the ing thirst, would always flow away would but become aware of their masters, messages Hebrew of thevarious to the fascinating just relationship there Also him. hung from lead this version does really unlessbut study of mythology. luscious of his branches head over that say cannot he the into Biblehim

he "knows"that great book. Readfruit, which when he reached for

ing this short Bible and saying he them to appease his gnawing hunknows the Bible would be like reading ger, always swung upward and "Without knowing the force of

Idyls the and "Crossing Bar""The of away, eluding his grasp. words, it is impossible to know sayingthe Tenhe knows and King"

nyson. With all this significance back men."Confucius.

The Improvement Era for ISovember, 1933 805 4iRestraints and Conventions—Why? Continuedpage from77'i

the of heaven a man "For kingdom gift, spiritual great unused, surrendered the to shall we. so law A

his a into country, far traveling whois calledas is is lost possessor given other and the by its hand; law On the his servants, delivered unto them andown

is, else, to that as just the operates certainly its blessin someone work goods.

"And unto one he gave five talents, to to be done through the gift is carings as in its penalties. If we avoid

another two, and to anpther one; to every ried on by someone else who is the cliff, we do not fall; if we do

several ability; his to according andman stove, the touch willing to honor and use the gift. not not we are his journey.straightway took

if burned; leave the charged we five received the that had he "Then

talents went and traded with the same, and "OW all these results follow the electric wire alone, we are not inmade them other five talents. violation of this law of the jured. So in intellectual and spirreceived likewise two, he that had "And itual matters: offend, not as certainly, talent, just as conif we do

also gained other two.he

suffer intelin no injury. the we But as follow as uniformly received that he went one and stantly, "But had

digged in the earth and hid his lord's results of the violation of any law lectual and spiritual matters, obedimoney. of which we know, whether the ence to law brings not only the

a those the lord of time "After long blessing absence of mere of penalty, intellectual, or law be physical, servants reckoneth cometh, them. with and

also, but it brings in every case, inspiritual. has nothing Our consent talents five received that so he had "And

came and brought other five talents, saying, to do with the operation of the law, creased power and strength, it

Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talnor has our wish or desire or our brings growth and development, it ents: behold, I have gained beside them five knowledge of it. brings us nearer to the ultimate goal

talents more.

"His lord said unto him, Well done, As the parachute tempers the pronounced by the Master: "Be

thou good and faithful servant: thou hast operation of the law of gravitation, ye therefore perfect, even as your

I things, faithful will isbeen over a few make in Father which is perHeaven or the the asbestos glove operation ruler enter over things:thee thou many fect."this truth And is the wonder of the heat, of the or laws rubber lord. theinto joy of thy the glory of intellectual our and just and gloves of electricity, the laws also talents received that two had "He

came and said. Lord, thou deliveredst unto so the mercy of God and his grace spiritual lives.

I talents: gained behold, have twome In this view, operation the temper of any and two may how superficial

talentsother beside them. tragic is the is spiritual that there thought (again appealing law; but said lord done, unto "His Well him.

good and faithful servant; thou hast been to human knowledge and experino controlling law (physical, infaithful over a few things, I will make ence) the law stands, however tellectual, or spiritual); that all is

rulerthee things: over enter thou many all is mere convention; that infinite his the mercy, God, in much

lord. theinto of joy thy

its of chance or mitiresult of man's or operation may temper own received the he which one had "Then talent came and said. Lord, I knew thee gate its penalty. will; that all may be changed to

that thou art an hard man, reaping where Furthermore, in certain laws and suit either his whim or his seeming hastthou not sown, and gathering where rules relating to the conduct of convenience. hast notthou strawed

"And I was afraid, and went and hid men, as among themselves or as afIn this view also what error to thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast fecting themselves in their relation deal with the eternal verities on the

is thine.that assumption that they be the may to God, Almighty may suspend

"His lord answered unto and said will, or that him, or the changed by human of the performance modify servant, wicked and slothful thouThou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, law or rule; but the law stands, to human authority can relieve the inand gather where I have not strawed: become again operative when the dividual or the race from their oper-

"Thou oughtest therefore to have put Lord wills. ation. The Presidency of the

to at exchangers, the money and thenmy it cannot Church change the law; It is clear has been from what I have received coming should minemy

is eternal, immutable. God may with usury. said the thatown governing great laws

"Take therefore the talent from him, the intellectual, from time to time speak, and he it giveand ten unto which hath him universe—physical, has spoken, his through chosen coexistent and with spiritual—-aretalents. servants, suspending or modifying that us: to they universe as known unto every that shall one "For be hath

great principles, or mitigating thegiven, shall he are and have selfexecutory, abundance: but that is, they enfrom him that hath not shall be taken force themselves, no one needs to rigors of the law. But truth

that even hath. he whichaway the and truth (delivered they operate indestands; enforce them;

cast the unprofitable ye "And the through Lord's anointed) will, consent, servant pendently of man'sinto there outer darkness: shall be weeping

and gnashing of teeth."(Matt. 25:14or desire; they operate impartially which suspends or modifies the

30.) and universally; every creature, principles or law, is just as mandahuman or animal, every other cretory as the law itself.

This is a law which operates ated thing, is subject to the appliin the physical, intellectual and cable law. '"pRUTH and law are eternal;

spiritual world with equal certainty It follows that whether we wish they have always existed; they

and force. or whether we do not wish rewill always exist.

An athlete who fails to train, straint, yet restraint is inherent in Some young people appear to loses the race which is won by all creation: it has endured in the feel that the laws and principles of

someone else. past, it will exist in the future. Efthe Church are changing. This is

A great intellect unemployed, forts to ignore restraint, or to evade an error; truth cannot change.

loses its power and finally decays, it, or to destroy it, will meet with Young people who feel thus, fail while some other intellect which failure. The Law will say to us, to make a necessary distinction be-.

has been used to its utmost does the as the Lord said to Saul journeying tween a law or principle, on the work which the first might have to Damascus: "It is hard for thee one hand, and a rule or regulation

performed. to kick against the pricks."Saul prescribed to accomplish or facili806 The Improvement Era for November, 1933

tate the observance of the law, on before he told it to us; it would them. But our science had not yet

the other. exist if the revelation were blotted reached, when the Word of WisPerhaps it would be useful to out from the book. The Church dom was given, accepted concludevelop somewhat this thought. authorities have nothing to do with sions upon drugs and narcotics, nor

In the revelation giving the funthe law. God, speaking through upon the effects of alcoholism

damental and much discussed Word the forces of the physical world has which had become almost a besetof Wisdom, the Lord has given inprescribed it, and so long as those ting sin. In this situation the Lord

structions showing that tobacco, alforces exist the law will remain. revealed his modern law of health.

cohol, tea, coffee, and other things, It is therefore the foolish ignorSo God spoke to each people in the arejiot good for the body of man. ance of a child, to assume that the language and terms they understood

This revelation is given "not byFirst Presidency can issue a rule that and in accordance with their needs.

commandment or constraint, but will permit the use of any of these Since, on account of the near reby revelation and the Word of injurious things without their lationship between biological man

Wisdom, showing forth the order harmful effects. It would be an and moral man, the health of the

and will of God in the temporal easy and, in one sense, a pleasing people is of vital importance, the salvation of all saints in the last gesture, as satisfying Church memChurch naturally uses its utmost days."bers who wish to use these harmful influence to make and keep its memThere is in this revelation no substances, to declare the Word of bers healthy. So the Church adopts

categorical "thou shalt not"of the Wisdom no longer existent. But rules, designed to aid in securing

Decalogue; on the contrary this such a declaration would be no an observance of the Word of Wisrevelation is "given for a principle more efficacious than a declaration dom—the law of health. Thus,

with promise, adapted to the cathat the law of gravitation no to name but one such, it makes a pacity of the weak and the weakest longer operates. rule that nonobservers of the

of all saints, who are or can be Word of Wisdom shall not be welcalled saints."There are no penalCO much may be said about the comed in our Temples. This is a

ties prescribed for a violation of the law; something may now be rule as distinguished from a law.

law, but blessings are promised said regarding rules and regulations This rule could be changed, and it through its obedience. set up to secure the observance of will doubtless disappear when the

is observed of health Lord's by law law.

all saints to keep the remember who "And people, will still the though law It has been pointed out above his sayings, in obedience walkingand do these to the commandments, shall receive health that there is a near relationship bestand. Since admission to our

in their navel and marrow to their bones; tween biological man and moral Temples is a great boon and blessand great shall find wisdom "And treasman; that neither the nature of this ing, this rule leads to our observtreasures;ures of knowledge, even hidden

"And shall run and not be weary, and relationship, nor its nearness is now ance of the Word of Wisdom.

shall walk and not faint. understood. But this relationship, One more illustration of the dif-

"And L the Lord, give unto them a whatever it is and however near it ference between a law and a rule destroying angel thatpromise, the regulation or sufficient be given; be, importance is of may shall may of Israel, children as thepass them, by

talents, already reIsrael to ancient law of gave so that The God slay them."and not

wandering in the Wilderness, and ferred to, embraces within its purNow, this Word of Wisdom is to his people in our day, a law of view the curse of idleness, for an the Lord's law of health. Modern health. idle person never cultivates or imscience supports it in every parIt may be observed in passing proves a talent. Therefore, rules and

ticular. that the difference in the character regulations are from time to time

It is demonstrated that nicotine, of the two codes of laws given and prescribed by the Lord, through alcohol, tannin, and caffein exert of the things proscribed in each, is the Church, to secure industry and their effects upon the body, and the an important illustration and exdestroy idleness. Anything which

Lord and modern science say these ample of how God speaks to a peopromotes or leads to idleness must effects are harmful. These effects ple in accordance with their stage be discouraged, particularly if it

are visited upon us whether we wish of knowledge, their culture, and shall also involve or tend to lead to the effects or not; whether we contheir surroundings. I do not preother habits that shall normally

sent to them or disprove them. tend to say why the Lord gave to bring us to transgression.

These noxious things enforce their Israel some commands and withIt is on this account that cardown mandates against the body, held others. But this much may playing is discountenanced by the

no other agency is necessary or be said. It was seemingly unnecesChurch. It is not generally conused. This is the law. sary to forbid the use of tobacco, tended that cardplaying is an inSome complain about the Word tea, and coifee to ancient Israel, for herent sin. But cardplaying seems

of Wisdom as if it were a rule of apparently they knew nothing of to take hold of those addicted to it conduct imposed upon them by these things; and alcoholism in such a way that it frequently

the Church authorities, and so a though forbidden to the priests becomes almost their major thought rule that could be changed by the under certain conditions and disand purpose in life, at least so far

Church authorities. In accordance countenanced to the people, had as leisure time or social intercourse

with this idea certain persons have not taken hold of them. It was is concerned. But cardplaying

suggested changes or modifications unnecessary in our day to give the provides no growth in spirit; it

of the Word of Wisdom. But the intimate instructions of the Mosaic produces no development in mind,

Word of Wisdom is not a rule of code concerning sanitation and diet, commensurate with the time spent.

conduct; it is a law—the Lord's because science was revealing to us

effect idleness, whichlaw—of health. It was promulthe laws relating to such things, Ittime,is thushenceiningood part a waste of

gated by him. The law existed and we were generally obeying is a curse. Some people affirm they

The Improvement Era for November, 1933 807

play cards merely as a mental reany student to escape the conclusecure obedience to the law has laxation from strenuous work, or sion that the Mosaic dietary and changed with the change in the to divert their minds from broodsanitary code was dictated from a manner of our living.

ing and anxiety. But there are full knowledge of biological laws

many useful and diverting pastimes as well as a complete knowledge of TT is not necessary to elaborate that might be used for the same human physiology and of advanced further the thesis that restraint purpose and from which some culmedical and scientific principles. (that is, law) and convention

tural or educational advantage One of the prohibitions of that (that is, rule and regulation) are might be derived; obvious divercode ran against the use by the necessary, nor that law permeates

sions of the latter kind are good Israelites of sea foods "that have and controls the whole universe intelwhich we literature, history, scales."music good and not fins and

has lectual, and know—physical,spiritual. Enoughfiction, genpoetry, drama. The eat many wholesome Today we

eral effect of cardplaying upon the sea foods that do not meet this been said to suggest that neither people as a whole cannot be charancient requirement. Again it must law, nor rule and regulation, except

acterized as wholesome. be said that it is not for me to atin trivial matters, are arbitrarily

tempt to suggest the reasons why imposed by some despotic, ignorant pURTHERMORE. cardplaying the Lord gave this great law, nor agency; that however imposed and

tends to lead to gambling, and the reasons why he made this and by whatsoever or by whomsoever gambling at cards (bridge for exother dietary distinctions. But imposed, the laws are immutable,

ample) frequently becomes an ablooking at the matter from the selfexecutory, and beyond the sorbing and harmful mania which point of view of human knowlhuman will; and that laws may be

destroys both the effort and the edge, one reason why the Lord forsuspended or their effects mitigated desire to engage in useful vocation bade such things to ancient Israel by the operation of other laws.

or avocation. But this is not the might have been the extreme perishFurthermore, in view of what has

worst: The gambling habit is like ability of certain sea foods which been said, it is unnecessary to mul-

a narcotic, it grows upon those would not be found either in the tiply illustrations of why regulawho have it, until it may so affect Wilderness or in Palestine, sea tions are necessary and of how they their integrity as to make them foods which rapidly decay, and may change. A little thought will

cheats and thieves. Of course, which, in decaying, generate poishow to any serious minded young

many people play cards who do not sons, destructive of health and, inperson that these rules and regulasuccumb to the lure of gambling deed, of life itself. Ancient Israel tions, framed to secure obedience to

and these do not correspondingly had no such rapid transportation as law, may change as methods and suffer. would enable the delivery of such modes of life change, and that the

So looking to the whole question food materials while they were still changing of a rule and regulation and the problems involved, the fresh, and no refrigerating prois not a change of law and principle,

Church has felt it must discourage cesses by which they might preserve which are eternal and unchangecard-playing, not because (as has such sea food materials pending the able.

been many times pointed out) cardtime they were to be eaten. Under It is the first duty of young

playing is itself to be considered as such conditions, even a wise human Latterday Saints prayerfully to a cardinal sin, but because human lawgiver would today enact such seek to know the law that they may experience shows that cardplaying a law as was given to ancient Israel, render obedience to it, and next to too frequently leads to sin. and for the reasons I have suglearn the rule and regulation that

This discouragement of cardgested. But however that may be, they may diligently and reverently

playing may be considered as a the Lord made to Israel an absolute study them, that they may underrule or regulation established to prohibition against the eating of stand, know the reasons for, and secure the observance of a law certain of such foods. live them. Many will be surprised

the law of the talents which makes But in our time, with our rapid to learn how understanding wipes of idleness a curse. transportation, our efficient refrigout prejudice, resentment, and reAs soon as any other game, no eration, such sea foods may be bellion against those rules of life

matter what it may be, so develops properly preserved and, so prewhich make for righteousness.

that its harmful effects overshadow served, seem as wholesome as other This much may be said with cerits benefits, it must fall under a sea foods that have fins and scales; tainty and with no possible suclike ban. the Lord has not forbidden these cessful challenge: The young peoAn illustration of how a regulafoods to us and we eat them. ple of the Church will search in

tion may be abrogated because not Thus the law that God's people vain for any law or rule or regulaapplicable to change conditions, must be clean and healthy has not tion of the Church, obedience to may be added. We take it from changed, but the rule prescribed to which will not make them better

the law of health of ancient Israel. citizens, give them a richer cultural

For evidently the Lord's law is as life, and bring to them a greater already indicated, that his people Knowing joy and peace than they have ever must be healthy and clean. By G. Selander before known; they will search in

To Moses was given a dietary vain for law, rule, or regulation, and sanitary code that was to govTT7'do not understand and life seems obedience to which will bring any ry dark, Israel. It tinge or of regret.ern founded shade of sorrow was a code spark the inner cannot comprehend Wc

It principles. for of the be saidon scientific This cannot much blest, love so be that bids us give, and was the Of

most complete not only ol its own But we must do, and doing know the new "freedom"which too many time, but of the millenniums that rest unthinking have taken into their followed. It would be difficult for lives.

.

zWe/cMzeM Priesthood Keeping Track of the Ward Membership

By ELDER DAVID O. McKAY

* I HE communication from Elder every child but of every member of the 10. Representative of Seminary.

David O. McKay, of the Council Church."It is the duty of ward clerks 11. Ward clerk.

of the Twelve, representing the Priestto continue to keep this enrollment hood committee of the general authorcomplete, so that not only the residence This group and others whom the ities, to a stake president in Idaho was but the actual condition and welfare of Bishopric may call should meet once thought to be of sufficient importance every person may be known by some each month and assign the inactive to be published on this page. It is of organization, group or agency in the members of the Ward to the organizaimportance not only to the presidents Church. To this end all quorums and tions with which the inactive should be

and group leaders of the quorums of auxiliary organizations unite their efaffiliated. The committee representathe Melchizedek Priesthood but to forts in the Ward Correlation Comtives of these organizations will then

auxiliary presidents and bishops as well. mittee, the personnel of which conreport these names to their respective

The new plan for carrying on ward sists of the following: groups, and the enlistment and visiting

priesthood activity is not succeeding in committees of the several groups will many places chiefly because bishops arc 1 The Bishopric (Presidency of the function as real missionaries in efforts failing to have these regular correlation Ward.) to awaken interest in the lives of those

meetings. The letter is selfexplana- 2. The group leader of the High who have been careless and indifferent.

tory. Priests. Your second query relates to "blank

3. The group leader or president of reports and order of business for this

September 28, 1933 Seventy. monthly meeting."

Dear Brother: 4. The group leader or president of Thus far, each stake has prepared its

arc sugreports. following Elders. The own Bishthe the request of Presiding At

gestive: 5. president. Relief Society

I thai pleasure in toopric take replying is recorded in 6. Index, which superintendent. Card School Sunday A letter the 14th to of of thempart your

each I. 7. members, the of all president. ward names A. Y. M. M.inst., refers to term which what you

infor- I. following the president. 8. containing card A. Y. L. M. correlation larger the of"the plan"

work. 9. Primary superintendent. mation:

if it specifically is "advisable ask You InacArr. Mel.

larger theto of commence the work tive Priest. Priest. R. S. S. S. M.I. A. Prim. Sem. Gen. the Correlation of ofplan Organizations in Accounting for Everyone?"

In the "Supplement"to "In the

Realm of Quorum Activity, Second

Series,"we find the following: "DurCheck in Pencil Quoing the year 193 1, the Church of Jesus Name rum and Auxiliary in

Christ of Latterday Saints inaugurated (Surname first) which active.

a campaign to 'account for everyone.'If inactive indicate on

Hundreds of committees worked untirAddress - card by special mark.

ingly and faithfully in family to family (In pencil) Indicate on card the visits to obtain complete records. The auxiliary to which ascampaign was highly successful, so that Date of I iirth Age,. signed.

at the beginning of the year 1932, there might be found in the hands of every ward clerk the name, address and standRemarks ing not only of every child but of every member of the Church."

Please note the phrase, "not only of

Correlation Activities

Males Females

Mel. Arr. PriJr. Total PriJr. Total

Priest. Priest. S. S. M.I.A. mary Sem. Males R. S. S. S. M.I.A. mary Sem. Females

Inactive Cases Assigned

Assigned Cases Visited I

Assig'd Cases Responding

Did you hold a correlation committee meeting during this month?

Number attending

General Comments

. The Improvement Era fr Novemher 1933 809

Monthly Report of Correlation Committee

Ward Stake Month of PROGRAM OF ACCOUNTING Males Females 4 12 17 20 4 12 17 to 13 15 18 and Total to 13 15 18 Total 11 14 16 19 over 11 14 16 19

Total Ward Membership No. Over 8 Not Baptized

No. High Priests in Ward X X X

No. Seventies in Ward X X X

No. Elders in Ward X X X

No. Priests in Ward X X

No. Teachers in Ward X X

No. Deacons in Ward X

No. Boys Not Holding Priesthood X

No. Enrolled in Relief Society X X X X X X X X

No. Enrolled in Sunday School

No. Enrolled in M. I. A. X X

No. Enrolled in Primary X X X X X X X

No. Enrolled in Junior Seminary X X X X X X X

No. Not Enrolled in any Org.

Correlation Summary

Stake. Monf-h Orcranizatinn

Males Females a. Ward Membership

Ward 4 12 17 20 4 12 17 b. No. Enrolled to 13 15 18 and Total to 13 15 18 Total

11 14 16 19 Over 11 14 16 19

a.

b.

a.

b.

a.

b.

Secretary'*s Monthly Recorc of Assignment and Progress

Organization to Which Assigned

Mel. Arr. NAME Report of Progress

Priest. Priest. R. S. S. S. Y. M. Y. L. - Pri. -Sem. Gen. After One Month

i

Suggested Order of Business relation of programs of different 2. To be ordained to office ii

quorums, auxiliaries and Ward Priesthood.

for Ward Correlation agencies. 6. Special instructions.

Benediction. assignments and reassignment 7. New Meeting

cases. of that these few suggestions Trusting

1 Prayer. Correction and completion of Recwill be helpful to you and wishing you

2. Roll Call. ords. continued and increased success in this

3. Report of visits to persons assigned a. Changes in Ward membership: most important phase of Church and

at previous meeting. b. Changes in Quorums. community work, I remain,

4. Discussion of problems involving c. Report of person eligible. Sincerely yours,

quorum and auxiliary practice. Cor- 1. For baptism. David O. McKay.

<iJiaronk rriesthood Be of Good Cheer WARD TEACHERS'MESSAGE FOR DECEMBER

Prepared by Oscar W. McConkie, Under Appointment of the Presiding Bishopric

TF temporal distress has laid a heavy sides in the heavens, and His forgiveThe moon, stars, and romance con- -'hand upon you, be of good cheer, ness is as free as of old. The atoning tinue, while mountains, valleys, and

for life's greatest values remain. Your blood of Him who suffered temptation plains, with their lakes and streams, in

balanced accounts will show a great yet gave no heed to it is still cleansing, their majesty, quietude, and music, are preponderance of joy over sorrow. and the Holy Ghost continues to witas inspirational as in times past. UnAdduce the facts and be appeased for ness truth. Prophets, seers and rcvelatamed nature is still animating and the

in this generation the heavens opened tors direct the Church according to beauty and aroma of flowers arc as deanew, and God stood revealed. Knowldivine will. lightful as before. Perpetual laws

edge, long lost, was restored. Truth Hope of the kingdom of heaven has govern the universe. Obedience incame also up out of the dust, a new not been cut off from the poor in sures blessings, and peace and repose are

witness for God, and great revelations spirit. The mourner will be comgained on the same terms as yesterday.

continued from on high. A marvelous forted. The meek will have their inHealth may be had and kept; love

work and a wonder began in a blaze heritance, and those who seek rightlives; the flame of patriotism burns,

of Celestial light, while mighty angels eousness will find it. Mercy continues and America is a land of liberty, whose

descended from the throne of Grace, the reward of the merciful, and the constitution the Lord suffered to be and power and authority were given pure in heart have assurance that they established.

sufficient to officiate in all the ordishall see God, while peacemakers shall If arrant men subject or tyrannize nances of the Gospel for all mankind, be called His children. you, it was so with men of old. Even

vihether living or dead. The righteous who are persecuted the Son of Man was oppressed, sufferThe primitive organization of the for righteousness'sake will gain the ing beyond the power of man to enChurch was restored, with spiritual kingdom of heaven. All men are dure, so be of good cheer and with

gifts as abundant as before. Faith, reamenable to God and the law of compatience and full obedience hold your

pentance, baptism, and the gift of the pensation has not been abrogated. peace. Whether sorrow be temporary

Holy Ghost, with wisdom and treasures Faithful servants of the Master shall or of long duration it must not lead of knowledge, are available. With arms have their reward. The seasons, seed to despair, but rather through hope,

extended the Mediator manifests His time and harvest continue, and the faith, and charity attain ultimate and spirit and pleads our cause. God presun's rays are as powerful as before. final victory.

Correlation Demonstration Shows Excellent Results

effort the sistent the meeting in the Priests, of of be regular monthly Teachers would and followup ward condinecessary groups. because had of unusual This chart and Deacons Stake of Pioneer '*-A Tthe priesthood

held Monday, October 2, 1933, the been prepared with the idea of having tions existing in the lives of those who

Aaronic Priesthood Correlation Comit made in blueprint form so that it were visited. New assignments were

mittee members conducted a Correlamight be placed in a conspicuous posithen made. As these assignments were

tion Convention. The outstanding tion in each department in order that made, each name was discussed and

feature was a demonstration of a ward all concerned might know their relathe best means of approach to each correlation committee meeting of the tionship to the general plan and to their inactive priesthood member was disCannon Ward under the direction of particular departments. cussed. It was discovered that in some

Bishop Tracy Y. Cannon. Bishop Following the general session. Bishcases it would be necessary, or at least

Cannon explained that for the demonop Cannon and all leaders of Priests advisable, to contact two young men stration the regular October meeting in their activities in the priesthood in order to get one, for the reason that of the ward Aaronic Priesthood Corquorums, Sunday School and M. I. A. they were close chums and that to be

relation Committee would be conretired to another section of the buildsuccessful it would be necessary to ducted without any attempt whatever ing. The leaders of Deacons were led induce both of them to become active.

to dramatize or "stage"a demonstraby Counselor Gold into another SecOther helpful suggestions were made to tion. tion. Counselor Sorenson demonstrated those who were assigned to visits.

Following roll call and the reading the activities of the Teachers'Quorum The demonstration, which followed of the minutes members of the bishgroup before the convention. Lists in detail the original Aaronic Priestopric discussed problems of the Aaronic had been prepared in advance showing hood correlation plan, was highly inPriesthood of the ward. Such items the names of all young men in the ward structive and indicated that the bishas discipline in Priesthood quorums in the various age groups. Deacons opric of the ward and members of the

and auxiliary meetings; best methods 12, 13 and 14, Teachers 15 and 16, correlation committee understand the

of handling unruly young men and and Priests 17, 18 and 19. Elder plan thoroughly and have its objecother items were discussed. The sucSorenson called for reports on the tives and methods of procedure clearly

cesses in various departments were noted visits assigned at the previous meeting in mind. Such demonstrations in stake

by the bishopric and those responsible and the problems confronting each boy priesthood meetings or in special were congratulated. A chart was prewere discussed. Some of the reports Aaronic Priesthood Correlation Consented and approved which listed the were very encouraging, showing good ventions are undoubtedly helpful and

members of the correlation committee results. Others indicated that pershould be encouraged.

The Improvement Era for November, 1933 811

Qualifications of a Successful Aaronic Priesthood Supervisor

'interest associated. in every the a personal story is told of Members of show memwe are famous HE whom

"I will he to do ber of should be anxious Thus, the quorum. his the quorum called to his general son who

bedside as he was about to die and gave the things desired of them by those in draw them to him. Naturally the

him the secret of leadership. His adcharge. With the right kind of leadersupervisor must have high ideals, to

vice to his son was that if he expected ship the young men will gladly restimulate such ideals in the hearts of to become a great general he must make spond. The missionary spirit is very the boys. The supervisor should invite

the men believe he was the bravest, important in this work. Personal insuggestions. Greater interest will be

most enduring, bestinformed, and had terest in the welfare of the boys will aroused among the quorum members if broader understanding, more confidence bring wonderful results. The vision they are made to feel that their sugand greater sympathy than any other of the possible growth of the boy gestions are helpful. A successful

man in the army. When the son asked throughout the priesthood and leader knows how to place responsithe father how he could make his men throughout his life stimulates greater bility, in such a manner as to make the

believe that of him the father replied, enthusiasm and determination on the members of the quorum feel that he "Be that man."part of the supervisor. Getting the naturally expects them to discharge that

Preparation requires that supervisors viewpoint of the future of the boy is a responsibility. He can also make them

must know the program of the Church great stimulus to success. Naturally appreciate that by doing certain things

with respect to the Aaronic Priesthood the supervisor must be approachable, they are developing and qualifying for including the history, responsibilities, thoroughly friendly. His interest in the future. A successful leader chalduties and importance of this great the boys should be such that they will lenges loyalty and tries to develop it in

work. When prepared, the supervisors want to come to him for advice and every way possible. He practices good

are then ready to take the next step counsel. There are times in the lives citizenship, sets the proper example at

which is to inspire confidence. This especially during these ages when they home and in the Church and in his

involves fair dealings with the boys, need most helpful counsel. work in public affairs. He instills faith

accuracy in statements, teaching of The supervisor should be the type in the members of his quorum by using sound principles, being companionable, of man to whom these boys could come every possible opportunity for developcultivating their viewpoints, playing with a feeling that he would undering faith. Any leader who can dewith them. Leadership must be such as stand them and help them in every way velop and maintain these qualifications

to secure response from those with possible. A successful supervisor will will be a success in any line.

The Aaronic Priesthood Supervisor

By LEE A. PALMER

Chairman of Aaronic Priesthood Committee, 20th Ward, Ensign Stake

rpVERY young man between the has been no quorum provision for the the Priesthood, be it ever so humble ages of 12 and 20 years is the emexpression which his very nature dean assignment, that they are representbodiment of energy and vitality in immands. It is our responsibility as ing God in the performance of that

measurable quantities. That energy quorum supervisors to provide the opduty.

and vitality not only seeks, but deportunity for that expression. The It is the definite responsibility of

mands expression. A grave and seri1932 quorum roll book provides a quorum supervisors to see to it that

ous mistake too often made by some long list of assignments which have these fine young men are taught to supervisors and teachers is an attempt been grouped according to the responsiknow and appreciate what it really to subdue rather than to direct that bilities of each quorum in the Aaronic means to act for, and in behalf of, our energy. In the direction of that energy Priesthood. These assignments, if Father in Heaven. If the members in

lies the success or failure of a superjudiciously made and systematically the various quorums of the Aaronic visor as such, which in turn affects the supervised and followed up, will prove Priesthood are vividly impressed with life of the young men under his superan invaluable help to the supervisor the sanctity and magnitude of their vision. who has difficulty in making quorum calling, they will eagerly seize upon

It is of great importance that a work interesting. the opportunity for service and be

supervisor should be a capable and To obtain cooperation and loyalty found valiant in the discharge of their competent class instructor. But that on the part of quorum members in the responsibilities in the Priesthood.

virtue alone is wholly inadequate to the fulfillment of assignments, a supervisor The missionary field is crying daily proper and complete supervision of should conduct a comprehensive camfor just this type of young men, young these young men. He must provide an paign in the education of his quorum men whose lives have become enriched

opportunity for, and supervise, from a members to a keen sense of their inthrough a comprehensive vision of their quorum point of view, the expression dividual responsibility as a bearer of role in the drama of life as a bearer of of that energy. The best possible exthe Priesthood. There is no gift in the Priesthood, whose souls have been

pression is in the form of quorum acall the world comparable to this gift lifted up, and whose capacities have tivity. from God. It constitutes the very been increased by virtue of the exercise

Experience confirms the fact that corner stone upon which rests all our of that power and authority with supervisors have the least trouble with hopes for eternal life, happiness, and which they have been endowed. Let

the quorum member who is the most glory. It is our Father's commission quorum supervisors, and all who are

active. It is the fellow who has nothto act in His stead, and to stand in His connected with Aaronic Priesthood acing to do in his quorum work, no defiplace, and for Him, in the performance tivities, heed that cry, and with fidelity

nite assignment, consequently no claim of those manifold duties which, by and enthusiasm put forth tireless effort upon his time or attention, so far as reason of His individuality. He Himin the interest of the young men of this

quorum activity is concerned, who is self cannot perform. Young men Church, to the end that we may assist

the most inactive. He is not interested, should be taught to know and feel that in saving them unto their homes, their

and to a great extent, because there when they officiate in the authority of community, and their God.

812 The Improvement Era for JSovemher, 1933

Use of Lesser Priesthood Lesson Outlines Urged

T ESSON outlines for each quorum outlines, provided by the Presiding for on the regular report to be made of Aaronic Priesthood covering Bishopric, be followed. Where the each month by the chairman of the

the year 1933 are being used in a vast quorums meet as a part of the Sunday ward Aaronic Priesthood committee to majority of the quorums of the Church. School, and confine their study to Sunthe chairman of the stake committee.

In some quorums, however, these day School lessons, it is urged that the Unless the lessons are studied this item outlines are not being followed. Where regular Priesthood quorum outlines be on the report appears blank and rethe quorums meet in quorum or class assigned for home study, report to be flects unfavorably upon the priesthood

capacity it is urged that the regular made each week. This report is called activities of the ward.

Stake and Ward Priesthood Publications and Forms Desired '"pHE Presiding Bishopric will apfrom the field which have proven helphood Chairmen are especially urged to preciate receiving copies of any ful to other classes or wards. Through secure copies of any such material compapers, bulletins, programs, report the columns of The Improvement Era, ing to their attention to be sent to the

forms and all other material prepared and in other ways, news of these speof&ce of the Presiding Bishopric, 40 for use in Aaronic Priesthood work. cial publications may be passed on to North Main Street, Salt Lake City,

Frequently excellent ideas have come other groups. Stake Aaronic PriestUtah.

Aaronic Priesthood Members Over Twenty Years of Age npHERE has been considerable inyou list first on the roll the names of bishopric, the names of these older -* quiry made as to what might be all those who are over 20 years of age men, so that they can cooperate and done to separate those who are over and inactive and that immediately folsee what they can do to get these men

Priesthood age on the roll books from lowing, leaving one line, list the names active and prepared for ordination to those of Priesthood age. We have disof the presidency of the quorum and the Melchizedek Priesthood. If these

cussed this matter and have decided to the secretary and then all the other men are willing to come to Priesthood present this plan to you: There should members who are below 20 years of meeting, they should be invited to meet

be, of course, only one roll in the roll age. This does not mean that you with the brethren of their own age,

book for the members of each quorum. have to call the names of these older that is, the Elders, Seventies or High

In your roll book of the Deacons'quomen every time, but it means that you Priests so that they will not be embarrum, for instance, it is suggested that have before the supervisors and the rassed by meeting with young men.

Ike Armstrong and Cigarettes pRACTICALLY everyone in Utah ing of Vanguards in the Salt Lake City "Cigarettes?"answered Armstrong,

knows who Ike Armstrong is. For area and spoke to those present on the "Well, as far as the Utes are concerned,

the benefit of those outside, he is the subject of clean living and good sportscigarettes are out. We never discuss

Football the of "Ute"famousCoach of conclusion think never his talk them; about manship. we At the them—no for the Utah, University of ofTeam anything questions has of team volunteered to answer any the Ute he member five Mountainthe past years Rocky

Champions. the boys desired to ask. The first to do with them. As far as we are

Armstrong recently attended a meetquestion was, "What about cigarettes?"concerned cigarettes are out."

Adult Aaronic Priesthood Class Outstanding Success 'I HE Adult Aaronic Priesthood class study was undertaken under Elder Alhad been compelled to work at such * of the TwentyEighth Ward in bert Langton and interest in the class hours as to prevent church activSalt Lake Stake recently celebrated the soon began to increase. After eight ity. Still others had become indiffirst anniversary of its organization. months of persistent effort and conferent. The unanimous testimony was

At the meeting nearly forty adults who tinued missionary labor forty men had that all who had been brought into hold the Aaronic Priesthood, or did been brought into activity. Some of activity as a result of this class were

hold it, at the time the class was orthese had been advanced in the grades happy and thankful to the ofiicers of ganized, were present and participated of the Aaronic Priesthood and others the ward for the efforts put forth in in the meeting. had been made Elders. their behalf.

The class was organized a year ago At the anniversary meeting the reThe class meets each Sunday mornunder the direction of Bishop A. P. A. port made by Elder Robinson and the ing at 11:30. Practically all of the

Glad, with Elder Leo Robinson in statements made by several members of activities are carried on by the memcharge. With some assistants Elder the class left no doubt as to the efbers. Many of them have engaged in

earnest. in the tookRobinson work up this fectiveness of value of method and several teaching for months and ward

all AaronicFirst, a list of was made to reaching those have grown who visits as are rule a reported from 100 % years of overPriesthood 20 members still the holding Aaronic manhood districts to the assigned the members in visitedage. then were These men Priesthood.

class. this this of of group work The It took spiritthe missionary work. of

several weeks to secure enough promises Many of the members of the class formed the topic for one of the most to justify the calling of the first meethad spent considerable time in comimportant discussions at the Aaronic ing. When the meeting was called to munities where there was no opporPriesthood Convention held during the

order five men were present. Careful tunity for church activities. Others General Conference in October.

MlUinUAL MESSAGES txecuwe Departmem\ Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, SO NORTH MAIN STREET RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD MELVIISi'R.BALLARD,LYMAN, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. LUCYCLARISSAGRANTA. BEESLEY.CANNON. J.

Executive iSecretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

ERRATA—An unfortunate mistake If those in charge of the Joint Projust at this time. An effort should be

crept into the title of the suggested grams will organize this program early made to have the entire ward populatalk for the November joint program. in order that everyone may prepare tion present.

It should have read: "Why I Shall Not well, it ought to be full of inspiration

Vote for Repeal."Though the context

indicated that a mistake had been the error was annoying.made

Adults >-Joint for December Program the bring before enus educational 5th Congregation and Travelogue—December received lightenment they have whichpjYMN—Chorus

"** Fire a Spirit Like of God duties their while—"The abroad, performing the Travelplanning now, your DYis Burning."for the they over advantage the have

for the scheduled Program ogue tourist in average that frequently they Prayer. of night can be 5th made

locality, in one spend months which the "Let Chorus—Lower Male that event highly interesting—anDecember lives really enables to into get the them be Burning."Lights into attracting the of should be means

the the people conditions of under and conthe with the have Department any Adult who Slogan—Vanguard live; third, they to provide which angregation. invijoined. personal yet not Extend

the to for opportunity foreignborn eligible all again, tations are to Vision"Smith's Story—who "Joseph this real into enter with some program

this for occasion. Pearl of (See Junior Great Price)—a fine facts material in actual the of way

Girl. is It travel that generally conceded to their a place exhibit of and some Ladies* Chorus—"Through the as a means to a cultural education, treasures. (Many times we have

Silent Night."ranks in value second only to that among this group many who are really

a college course. by gifted but are because 10 provided of backward who "The Biography Jesus"—a Since holds such our Church inability of the language to speak (See or a Gleaner Gleaner Girl.minutes—a for possibilities place in its unique natural arises timidity that so oftenManual.)

is travel; since increased there an and are face face to with brought we when of "The Jesus"—affairs interest tothe in the of world a fourth, to invite world) somenew (See Man. PersonalityM M Men10minutes—an it as adults day, that timely seems we to one to has study; been away who Manual.)

least at in devote evening should one in his give experience and come some Heavens Resound"GleanerCherus—"The this ours. of contemplating world fine institution of learning. enThe regularor other some number.

as the In using of that Travelogue one usually thusiasm accompanies such

Jesus"—"The 10Wayminutes—anof Life SetAdult.Forth (Secby ourfold projectspurpose. weFirst,had toin givemindoura fouradult aOnediscussionof the mostis stimulatingdelightful andeveningshelpful.the

AdultHymn—ChorusManual.) and Congregation andgroupmorean accurateopportunityknowledgefor a ofbroadersome writerdoctor evertell ofspenthis wasstudiesin listeningin Italy. to awith a duet singing the verse—"O it is of the world about us; second, to give Dr. Louis A. Thody of Salt Lake

Wonderful."our missionaries a chance to more fully City, in a recent tour of Europe, took

several reels of film. He has a portable

screen and has delighted friends a full evening with an illustrated lecture. We

take the liberty of mentioning his name.

In the way of a suggestive plan that might be used for such an evening, we might suggest to the person putting over the program that he concentrate on some definite locality or country.

It is frequently said that if you see one city in the United States you have seen them all, with three exceptions, San

Francisco, Salt Lake City, and New

Orleans. Why are these considered exceptions?

Germany represents a very interesting problem at the present time. Her

Mantua, Utah, Male Chorus government's attitude toward other 814 The Improvement Era for November, 1933 countries; native customs m manners that even those just under the border dances. It would mean better dancing,

of living, dress, food, habits, all lend line of thirtyfive years of age often sit more sociability, and true recreation.

to a very interesting discussion. Native around and do not dance. When asked If membership in the dancing class

songs and music with pictures and why, they say that they have not meant membership in the Adult Desouvenirs always add a valuable touch. danced for so long that they would partment it would boost membership

Our Scandinavian countries offer hate to try. Yet many of their husand would soon make ward dances

much that is different and interesting. bands dance and they pick out the best more successful. I would have the

Paris and London with their well esdancers, usually young girls, while class once a month under a competent tablished culture would make an infriend wife sits on the sidelines. Very teacher followed by an hour or two of

tensely interesting evening if one could soon both husbands and wives stay at social dancing.

go back to them before the war when home. "Unless this is made a project the

they were in full bloom of their glory "If a class were started as a project adults will be crowded out, for parents, and pride and compare that with their in the Adult Department alone all being used to giving way, are usuallypresent condition. would be learning together, and overcrowded out of both time and place."Hawaii, her people and their native come timidity and would exchange—Hannah E. Francis, Pocatello, Idaho..

customs; her temple and what she

means to the United States in affording a natural market for the products offers another point of of our fields Seniors > contact. could go on indefinitely One

with such suggestions but space will. not permit. Activity Leaders Class References

enthusiastic cooperabe There must class tion leaders the between and the 'I HE plan is to have two Senior 'THE current high class magazines are one who is to put over the Travelogue Leaders in each stake. One may teeming with articles of surpassing

and a definite understanding that the have especial charge of the Manual and interest as bearing on the problems of program is not merely to interest those the others of the Activities; though the present day.

leader each should as familiar become articles such speAmong of worthy but is a part of a plan that who listen, as possible with both departments. cial note, to mention only which- a few affords educational development.

The assignment for this evening In each ward the Seniors select a came under our scrutiny in a rapid should be made weeks ahead so that committee of their own members, about survey of several such magazines for there will be ample time to make it a 3 in number, who under direction of October, 1933, are the following:

the Discussion Leaders, charge have real success. Many wards have already Forum National Barter Magazine—"A all of activity the of the Senior group. the idea. adopted System,"Mordecai Ezekiel; by In- "An should in They work harmony with ternational Currency Unit,"Fred by

the Community Activity Committee, Kent; "Radiation and Evolution,"byJohn.I.

Pocatello, Idaho, Did It! and may call upon that group for Langdon Davies; "The Last Drop of

assistance when needed. Blood,"by an anonymous author.

T T 7E started last fall a suggestion of The programs planned by the GenThe Nineteenth Century (English) having Travelogue, where poseral Board are printed on page 5 of the "War on the Slums,"by Philip H. Massey;

sible by returned missionaries. We new Manual. Take them and adjust "Stands Science Where She Did?"by Ivot

made out a list of persons who had them to your needs. Thomas,

visited various lands, like this: In regard to the programs planned North American Review—-"The Fight

Over Money,"by Paul Ernest Anderson; all for in Seniors the stake, this might "1. Address England Name Phone "Snipers Gold,"White. by Tom be to all extended include in a number No. Atlantic Stock Market: Monthly—"The of stakes that in are close proximity, "2. Africa the and Public,"by R. Danielian; N. like in Salt City, Lake Ogden, Provo, "3. "Embattled Veterans,"Holland by Roger Logan or Los Angeles. lingame. Bur-

"We requested in each instance that those chosen to give talks should tell about the people, their customs, historic places of interest, birds, flowers, animals, scenery, etc., and that interesting objects, souvenirs, pictures, postcards, etc., should be brought. In the

case of missionaries, we reminded them that it was these educational and interesting things that we would like to hear about.

"The idea caught like a grass fire.

Some of the people were spoken for for weeks ahead. In one ward where I

went to give a talk on Alaska, my totem poles, pictures, and other objects, attracted keen attention. In some instances the speakers were kept until ten

or tenthirty o'clock answering questions."

Hear! Hear! More

Power to the Project!

T SUGGEST dancing—better dancing. I mean a monthly regular

dancing lesson—waltz, twostep, etc.

(and newer dances, too). We find M MenrGleaners'Banquet, Pioneer Stake

The Improvement Era for November, 1933 81S

improvement in behavior, these are specimens of the fulfillment. You are MenGleaners > these. Out of yourself comes yourself,

the expression is of deep withinM what I."as the alone is defined am may say "I YouPERSONALITY daily you. the Whereas accumulation personality endurability or distinction to Your quality that gives

feel, think, act, of you what becomes the total is able to separately to add individual. personan who Thus a

ideal the are. this of what Let you this earth. For of grandeur on to sum look become distinctive mustwould

simple close in thought you, and upon it is origcast are an from new. essential personality You clement ofan

a today of make the worker you which will ever be other inal mold. None and is deportment.which we act How

race reoncoming well be proud, may able are cast mold. listen, your fromreact, You speak and how we how

the membering that while "I I."am inspiration. great to be your Your own conditions to adjust surrounding thewe

this for lesson Material in discussion is able figure, solitary grandly alone deportment. our makeus—these will in Gleaner be found Manual, page the strength to rise, mustering are It is sad judged at a first silently that wemeeting, but it is true; then how necesof hidden forces that await to call you 193—M Men Manual, page 115.

sary that our deportment express the master, for you alone may say "I am Stimulate discussion of deportment best that is within us, so that a first I."by assignments, by questions, and by

meeting will arouse the desire for Work is not a transitory affair. Amcalling for participation of the entire

further acquaintanceship. So often the bition, effort, enthusiasm, suffering, group rather than the few.

deportment of our associates sways us and we find ourselves not acting true to ourselves or our convictions, butrather as the crowd does, thereby losing Menour very distinctiveness. M

M Men and Gleaner Leaders, can you make your group feel the importance of this matter of deportment? Theirs

is the opportunity to be distinctive in this generation, distinctive in their speech, their manners, their actions.

On the first Tuesday of December this important subject will be discussed in M MenGleaner conjoint departattribute of thatment—deportment,

it either negpersonality which makes

MativeManor positive.could take IftheeverywordsGleanerof Georgeand

Adams unto him or herself and use them as an incentive to make the deportment so outstandingly fine that truly they could say "I am I!"

The whole world revolves about the performances of each man. Of all the

creations daily added to the History of

Netherlands MissionLife, the deportment of each man alone M Men—The

to the note onlyforms new there changes that major have been two consciousand out progress. Changes in the M Men of the mindSo that this year. eligibility rules for in the

ness of each man alone must come the Basket Ball Rules 1. That a man is now eligible to

actions,thoughts, wonderments and his twentyuntil he attains participate pride its the world whichfrom may fifth birthday, he automatically when stride.onward *JTestedwill inbe MwellMenfor Basketballall of thoseto internote ineligible. becomes

2. High School lettermen are now

eligible to participate one year after receiving a High School letter.

The first change, concerning the age:

it is, of course, obvious that a man may play up and until the day when he attains his twentyfifth birthday.

The second change, referring to High

School lettermen: it is to be understood that a man winning a letter during a current High School year will not

be eligible for M Men participation until one year following the end of the school year in which he won his letter.

In other words the date is as of the completion of the school year in which he won his letter rather than the date of the actual winning of the letter.

For example, a boy wins his letter in

February, 1933, this school year will end, of course, in the spring, making his participation in M Men Basketball possible only in the Fall of 1934 and the winter of 1935. M Men Athletic M Men—Aftmtt Wyoming Committee.

816 The Improvement Era for Novem,berf 1933

Program for November Course of Study

inGleaner Girls >- Class discussions "Gleaning in the rpVERY high school or University myself in the possession of such an asField of Biography"will be as follows:

* has its laboratory where students surance beyond all question that I was November 14, Chapter IV, Joseph use the printed page only as a guide in solemn fact a member of the Church Smith (p. 121 Manual) and Novemfor personal experimentation. They of Jesus Christ. I was convinced once ber 21, Chapter V, Mahatma Gandhi

observe the changes that combinations for all, and this knowledge is so fully (p. 125 Manual). Assignments for

the talks being that the part of suggested an integral oneminute on my bring. They different elementsof

* * life of be myself. not Joseph 125 Manit I would Smith (see p. in without transformation the marvelouswatch

color and line as crystals form. They The greatest joys of my life have come ual) should be made the first week in

experiment with light and heat and a to me through activities in the November. Carefully select the most

new conception of earth's forces opens Church."interesting material from the many

before them. They look,< into the Sometime:s, because we expect a available newspaper and magazine armicroscope and it reveals a thousand testimony to come to us with a blare ticles on the life of Mahatma Gandhi

forms of moving life to which their of trumpets, it is difficult to recognize for supplemental material for that eveeyes were blind. Laboratory students it when it comes quietly and without ning Project, "I Will Gather Treastake three steps, first study, then exemotional upheaval. A young girl, ures of Truth."

periment, then record. The written standing before a class to express her The evening of November 28th will

record is a true measure of the student's feelings in the course of a Testimony be spent with the division of "Testiunderstanding of a problem. As meeting, related in a somewhat colormonies."(See Manual, pp. 30, 53,

Gleaner Leaders and girls let our Treasless tone of voice the things for which 57, and suggestions above.) ure of Truth book be laboratory she was grateful—home, parents, an Optional Project, "First Aid."

manuals for recording our findings in opportunity of knowing the Gospel, Groups taking the First Aid Course the division of "Testimonies."although, she added, "I cannot say that will consider on November 28, Lesson

The moving force of Mormonism I know it is true; I think it is, and 3 (see p. 71 Manual).

is the individual testimony of its memhope it is, and some day believe I can bers. We desire to possess our portion say that I know it is—laut so far I do Summer's Farewell

understand face her great force. of that Then To it—."

its efstudy it operates wonderand on light we musthow PERHAPS I only dreamed it, notchanged—tookknow

fect on its adherents. What about our ment and certainty. To the group she Or maybe it was true,

own people? We meet our fathers face said, then, "Yes, I do know it is true But last night 'neath my window

Where moonlight sifted through, to face within the covers of our Treas-—I have been repeating just a pattern

ure books. The light and power of speech I learned years ago. Of course There I heard Jack Frost laughing.

the restored gospel was their inspira- I know it is true, for within the last So gay with elfish glee, tion. Within the radiance of that light month I have had to choose between I leaned out of my window

they truly lived. Hardship, suffering, something very dear to me and the To see what I could see.

death did not deter them. They Gospel—and I chose the latter. It was And just across the valley

marched across a continent's wilderness just that I had expected a testimony to The tree tops reach the sky.

fertile I into there that desert saw a in to 'Twas summer a dreary come me and changed blaze of glory—and

say "Goodbye."and Bend down to build all labored the time."they fields. one I had Forty years

a temple to their God. Talk to yourself about the things in She touched the little brooklet.

Recording the story of their deeds which you believe with all your heart. And kissed each flower fair.

stirs within us a better understanding If the doctrines of your religion are She Hngered by a fountain of and deeper reverence for the impellamong those things, you have a testiTo comb her shining hair.

ing force of Mormonism. When within mony, even though the rapture and I saw her shed a teardrop

red, are apples'cheeks stirring of that in Where realization feel of glory might the be slow ourselves we crying. she was why are it lights, and to you. force, hoping warms coming While you impelling

I bed. crept to AndI knewso consciousness souls. to for Our a testimony motivates our come and waiting

I this morning awoke is When forces "our testimony."spiritual like it is of are that possible to you, you

felt, air new. somehow, The thing, deis Girl, already a Gleaner other growing that and testimony A I dreaming, sure not I'm was

the full to believe, "I the the truth of of from veloping a testimony have I true. was saw For what stature of, "I know."To stimulate Gospel.—Lela Bird, a Gleaner.

such growth requires more than desire.

It calls for service, sacrifice, study. Let

our beloved Dr. Talmage tell you in

his own words how he made a testimony his very own:

"Although I seem to have been born with a testimony, yet in my early adolescence I was led to question whether that testimony was really my own or derived from my parents. I

set about investigating the claims of the

Church and pursued that investigation by prayer, fasting and research with all the ardour of an investigator on the outside. While such a one investigates

with a view of coming into the Church if its claims be verified, I was seeking a way out of the Church if its claims should prove to me to be unsound.

After months of such inquiry, I found Garvanza M Men and Gleaner Election Banquet, Hollywood Stake

The Improvement Era for ]\ovem,ber, 1933 817

Rule IV. Teams

of Players No.Junior Girls > Section 1. In all ofiicial matches

'TPHE new season is well started and haps the girls can show their books, teams shall be composed of six (6) by now every Junior Teacher is "My Story,"or the little dramatization players. When for any reason a team

well acquainted with her girls. Do you published two years ago might be is reduced to less than six (6) playerskeep your rolls and check on your atgiven—"Modern Philistines,"by Ora the game shall be forfeited to the optendance? Do you inquire about the Lewis. (Send to the Bishops'Bldg., posing team.

girls who are absent or excused every Room 34.) Section 2. Substitutes and coaches

shall seated the side be court the on of feel are exthat youTuesday? To delightful evening be might had A opposite Referee. the is being incentive to greatpected one project. the using be could 'This new 3. Section substitute take may Apresent. missed are that you know To is class the the used taking whether the place a player ball the of only when is that another. doubt no know You in playlet project not. or Chapter The first has declared dead. shall been Hethese the are rather personal lessons to 5—a a "Entertaining Guest Being and request substitution the from Umpire,girls easier are benefit greater of and and the of or Guest,"supplement, page 30 substitution and has aubeen when girls feel unifiedto conduct your when lessons these of dramatized any would thorized, shall he report to then the class. in unafraidand infull highly while be of worth and Scorer. shall Substitute positake the outthe needs, to your Adjust work terest. desire light serve to might You tion is the player for of he whom inline Meeting, at your Union work etitable refreshments demonstrate and substituting, shall in and remain the material can helpfuladvance then and table quette, setting preparing the and least at until 3 shall points game have it to occurs, as ready gatheredbe be a are short a only program. These few either side been the or by made gameat time. the your needed Remember suggestions you, yourand doubt no is ended, case in except injury. of He are successclass you, depends on you offer selves to can choose more many shall converse not player other with any that important,very very important so from. until ball the served. has been will accomplished be withoutno work

you. You, therefore, have the responsiThe December Manual brings you Section 4. A player taken out of

bility for the success or failure of your well into the discussion of part two, the game may reenter the same game

of the quent as material match, except game same of experience by much way—youclass. Cultivatewill need ait.keen sense of humor "Building the Moral Character."Draw only once. He may play in any subsegirls. for as provided XIII. as the in Rule from you can Have you

heard Cathedral?"the storyA beautifulof the Cathedral"Sunken naments,Section a5.squadIn matchshall gamesconsistoroftournotDecember 5—Mothers'

and Daughters'Evening had been built on an island, and it had more than ten (10) players.

disappeared under the waters. But on Section 6. Players shall be numIOTICE the suggestions on page 3 clear days the bells could be heard bered with large numerals on the back

of the supplement. Where possible pealing out their lovely music. So of each player.

have the mothers cooperate. They with us, our hidden cathedrals in our Section 7. Players shall take their

might tell of or dramatize a Mutual hearts send out their sweetest music for positions as indicated in the diagram.

class of their early experience. Perthose around us to hear. The positions shall be known by the

names indicated, viz: Left Forward,

Center Forward, Right Forward, Right

Back, Center Back, Left Back.

Section 8. When the ball is served,Vanguards > each player shall be in his own area.

After the ball is served, each player may section his cover court of any own Lines Center RulesNew Vanball in (except as for provided Rule X.

line shall 3. center Section A be Sec. 17).

court beimmediately the onCopyrighted drawn 1933 by Y. M. M. I. A.

(Please note changes over 1932) neaththe court.and parallel to the net dividing Rule V. Officials

ofiicials shall be The a Referee, UmRule I. Court Scorer, Linesmen. and two Rule II. Net pire,

Court feet shall three net be wide and The VI. Duties Officials of Rule

1. playing standard Section The feet. distance the posts between 32

1. shall Section the Referee be feet The feet shall long and becourt 30 60 stretched, shall tightly net both be The

ofiicial shall ranking the of game. He free having obstructionswide, and from it shall cross the bottom, top and and

is decide the in ball play, when when feeta height 15 or more which of lines the end is court and between midway it is dead, a has point been made, when projections.free obstructions or from parallel to the net of them. top The

is side shall out, impose and when the size court of may level shall feet seven measure be and Note—The

all rules. violations for the of either for necessary modifiedbe when six at the to penalties the center inches top from

indoor or outdoor informal games, to the ground. (See Rules X and XIII.)

suit local requirements. The standard Section 2. The Referee shall have

decisions any on the power to makesize should court be used in all regular Rule III. Ball

all questions violathe and concerning possible.games, where

The ball shall be round and shall tions of the rules committed at any

Boundary Lines consist of a rubber bladder covered with time from the beginning of play to the

Section 2. The court shall be a leather case. It shall be not less than end of the match. This includes the

periods in the than be monor game when 26 inches more 27 inches may lines clearly defined whichbounded by reason. for mentarily shall circumference, stopped any not less weigh and He

at three least every pointshall be at shall decisions to ten nine than nor have than ounces on more power make feet from walls or any obstructions. ounces. The air pressure of the ball any question not specifically covered in

The lines on the short sides of court shall be not less than 7% pounds and the rules.

shall be termed the "end lines,"those not more than 8 pounds. (This is Section 3. The Referee shall station

on the long sides the "side lines."the regulation volley ball.) himself at one end of the net in a

818 The Improvement Era for November 1933

position that will give him an equally arms of a player he shall be considered any act which, in the opinion of the clear view of both courts. An elevated as catching or holding the ball. The Referee, tends to slow down the game

position is desirable. ball must be clearly batted. Scooping, unnecessarily shall be considered 3p

Section 4. The Umpire shall take lifting, shoving or following the ball delaying the game.

a position on the opposite side of the shall be considered as holding. Section 13. A ball touching the net

court from the Referee. He shall make Section 11. A player touching the on the serve shall constitute a "fault."

decisions regarding crossing of the center ball more than once with any part of A ball going under the net or out of line below the net, shall keep official his body when the ball meanwhile has bounds shall be considered a "wild"time of "Timeouts,"control coaching not been touched by another player serve.

from the sidelines by coaches and subshall be considered as "dribbling."(Concluding rules will be given in

stitutes, authorize the substitution of Section 12. Any player committing December.)

players, and assist the Referee in any manner which may be requested by the Referee. Section 5. The Scorer shall keep BeeHive Girls >the official record and score of the game. Calendar for January and Jan. 9—Guide XVI—Open for

He shall be seated beside the Umpire, your planning.opposite the Referee. Before the game, February Jan. 1 6—Guide XVII—Games.the scorer shall secure from each manNymphs Jan. 23—Guide XVIII—Civic Reager or captain names of players and Jan. 2—Guides XVI and XVII—sponsibility.substitutes and the serving order of the The Spirit of the Hive and The Spirit Jan. 30—Symbolism and the Honey

teams, and shall see that the players of the Home. Comb.follow the serving order and rotate in Jan. 9—Guide XVIII—Happiness Feb. 6—Guide XIX—-Home Eveposition. in Daily Home Tasks. ning—Happiness at Home. Section 6. The Linesmen shall staJan. 16—Guide XIX—Recreation Feb. 13—Guide XX—To be plantion themselves on the opposite corners in the Hive and in the Home. ned by the Girls and the Bee Keepers.of the court, so that each has one back Jan. 23—Guide XX—Business in Feb. 20—Guide XXITaste the

and one side line in plain view, and the Hive and in the City. Sweetness of Service,whenever the ball strikes the ground Jan. 3—Open, may be used to Feb. 27—Work on Symbolism and

near these lines, the Linesman shall call work on Little City. the Honey Comb.

"Good"or "Out."The Linesmen Feb. 6-Guide XXIV—Aids to

shall assist the Scorer in seeing that the Health in the Hive and City. Thoughts for Bee Keepersplayers follow the serving order and Feb. 13—Guide XXV—First Aid.

the great 1[7"EEP and your on mind Aid.play in rotation. Feb. 'like to splendid thing would Feb. you 20—Guide27—Work XXVI—Firston the Little City.

Rule VIL Definition of Terms Builders do, and you will j5nd yourself unconopportunities the seizing sciously upon Jan. 2—Guide XV—Honor Womof fulfillment that are for the required Section 1. The court occupied by anhood.

called shall be its own court;a team Jan. by your desire. 9—Guide XVI—Planned the opponents, occupiedthat by Girls. Keepers and the the Bee

court.opponents'Jan. of XVII—Life 16—Guide for Thanksgiving the Thoughts

the order in which 2. Section The Bee—Maeterlinck. called the shall be serve are toteams Grace Jan. An- A 23—XVIII—National

order,""serving them, Foundation Cell No. 8, and canna eat and Some hae meat

Section 3. The shifting of the men National Flag, Foundation Cell No. 8. And some wad eat that want it;

in position meat, and hae we can eat we 30—Work on Symbolism and But

4. Section shallA be"service"called "rotation."is the putHoneyJan. Comb. sae be thanket. the Lord And

player the play ball in by theting of the Feb. Burns.—Robert XIX—Bathing 6—Guide batposition, byin Back"the "Right Baby—Foundation pepper opponents'humor, the into it net the overting Feb. for CALT CellXX—OpenNo. 5. 13—Guide hand one direction with sprinkle it the over in anycourt planning. it withyourwitfoodandwith your

it in a posiwhile fellowship. poison closed) of Never or and charm (open Feb. XXI—Textiles. 20—Guide the feet life. behind cares wholly the oftion both with with Feb. 2 and the Honey 7—Symbolism

they cat court. It is line the not but what of what menback Comb.

Section 5. "Point"shall be called Gatherers digest that makes them strong; not

fails to return receiving save that gain, the team what but we what wewhen Jan. 2—-Guide XV—Temporal

read, rich; the opponents'but to legally us we not whatthe ball makes court. Blessings.

Section 6. "Side out"shall be called

when the team serving fails to win its

Sec. 2) or, playspointball—see(allowingrule VIII,one "fault"or "wild"

the ball illegally.

Section 7. The ball is "dead"after

"point,""side out,"or any other decision temporarily suspending play.

Section 8. A player who touches

the ball, or is touched by the ball, when it is in play shall be considered as "playing"the ball.

Section 9, The ball is out of bounds when it touches any surface or object, or the ground outside of the court. A

ball touching a boundary line is good. Zi'L ''Jin ZS2,A.W".%:}- -.'.*r - t. i* T:r 'jrr--f7''jif">Vi

Section 10. When the ball momentarily comes to rest in the hands or BeeiHive Girls, Netherlands Mission

The improvement Era for November, 1933 819

what we remember that makes us learned; not what we preach but whatwe practice that makes us Christians. oy Scouts—Bacon.

service for others. It will a definite be of Leaders Boys To

the contribution of of Scouts BoySuggestive Helps for the are the only "DOYS to country. our source of manAmericaHoney Comb power. In our Church one out of four

go, not where where Boys go you are bees record. a the the be very would poor honey S make comb We A tell to the go. That's them you why"far time, at the that of present ahead store they the honey and away

is so everlastingly devil busy. sets the although National Council girls will the so gathered,have BeeHive

little is like iceberg, a only an boy A its as that objective years, in ten beginex-gather wisdom, and knowledge is of real of the out shows; him boy in of Stakes ning 1932. our thisperience store Many in and Honey Comb

explorer. sight for waiting some in excess in all have of of boys lives.to their enrich 50% of Do's. plenty needs Every boy Scouting a while exceeded few have division are sheets uncompleted The

a that are nip frost the Don'ts many. effeccorrelation plan, bees at The work. withhoney busy combs 75 % in the bud. promising crop tively followed, with proper Scout 'your crayons, water or waxTake

colors, paint the blue flowers and green A little real comradeship is worth a leadership, should make it possible to to exhortations library full of all most bring Stakesleaves, of our of to the above the orange a touch add 75 % stones; be sermons in There may mark. Leadersbee's a Scout cooperate or boys. should little gold perhaps and back

yellow to the cells. that's likely why boys insist on throwvery closely with Priesthood and CorOn the first division sheet write your ing them at every passing cat. relation officers and committees to the

name, swarm and date. Sketch or Sermons that hike and play ball and end that we might discharge our full

paint your symbol on the blank page go fishing and eat three meals a day responsibility, which is to seek out following. are the sort boys most enjoy. every available boy and look after his

pages—TrialOn the sheetsFlightsfollowingand Buildersthe titlein saintsAll buta boy'sactionheroesmustaren'tbe theirnecessarilymiddle individualThe Newwelfare.National Program. Prethe Hive—and also on the pages where name in every case if he is to worship liminary information has already been

each field begins, you will find large ardently. sent out from National Scout Headthese drawn.hexagons Decorate with a regarding for setup new thing be quarters boys need most must The

lines, pictures, double ink small Scout groups. this there plan Under as the measles chicken caught and same

silhouettes, sketches, or painting will as three years be to Cubs, 9 from sort that of counts goodness bepox. The lines the the in corners. tween or Use is 12. field this In our Church now is invariably contagious. innocuThe

if for lines possible India ink and covered the in Trail Builders the by is lation a heman.

it as silhouettes does not run or fade. Association, Primary ofis the which

On all of the other blank pages draw ficial Church program for boys of that similar hexagons but these need not be The National Council age. The Boy Scouts will be those

decorated. TenYear-Plan of Growth from 12 to 14 inclusive. Senior

field there are pages. In each four will Scouts those be to 15 18. from to challenge a sent has Nation npHE to are for be used gathmaterial These is field in This covered our Church by

is to Scouting. challenge That cells. filling ered in write too not the Do Vanguards as will which continue

every of bring one boys four out ia large. cells or official more be the One may for of program boys Vaninto the to reAmerica Scout and program page. corded a on age, guard every but possible advantage

least at years. there hold four him is the completed. Honey Thus will Comb be taken ideas of any new and

is Briefly this stated reach to program plans developed the National by Counat least every twelveyear- four of one cil for its forSuggestion Senior Christmas Scouts. Scouts Rover

to the old so quality boys improve and will those be to Citi18 from 21, and is the plant to bulbs, time your their as interest to of for ScoutingIVTOW hold zen Scouts will those be that above least a at that for they fouryear active be period of blooming may It age. will be that this noted proit glass training, Place in or to pots the Christmas. Scout that them end may corresponds gram closely to very what dirt containers, in ultimately rocks. of insured or be every that one among The have we had our for several Church

shall citizens lacquered or pots decorated four be fourmale a be new may years. will Our as continue Men Min papers. lined inthe with envelope yearScout-trainedman. will Bands This at present, which that entire means our

artists'oil citizens, less or paints participating sure designs done with more is present near program to the enough pleasing. will violation law, unselfish also of be and more program adopted the now National by

Council that no changes are contemplated.

This view of the new program is given for the purpose of avoiding any misunderstanding regarding the program of the Church when the new program of the National Council is publicly announced.

Make Scouting a Game It is the Play Way of Learning—

It is Learning by Doing.

COME interesting Scout games are described below and can be used to teach various phases of Scouting.

The Unusual in Nature On a hike or camping trip call Scout Leaders—Uintah Stake patrols together and tell them that for

.!

820 The Improvement Era for ISovemher, 1933

ten minutes they must hunt as a patrol for the most unusual thing they can find in nature, rocks, bugs, animals, plants, trees or anything. At the end

of ten minutes they return and compare their experiences or specimens if possible. It will be hard to determine

a winner, but the opportunity for nature discussion and instruction will make it worthwhile.

1st Aid in the Jungle Announce to the troop in meeting that the troop is going on a great trip to the jungle and will need an adequate 1st Aid Kit. Have patrols make

lists of the necessary things for such a trip at their next patrol meetings and be prepared to compare lists at the next troop meeting. This will provide an

excellent discussion on 1st Aid as each patrol justifies the necessity of each item on its list, Tacoma, Washington, Sept. 5th, 1933.

Editor Improvement Era, St..50 North Main were Franklin Hyrum Smith B. Smith and Sidney sons—all City.Salt Lake

at Fathers and Sons'Camp Kootenay

Troop 89, Tacoma Council. Outing.

We are happy to contribute this The Cigarette picture of Robert C. Beal with part coma council, gave our troop honorable

of his L. D. S. troop of boy scouts, mention as being one of the foremost Author Unknown

taken aboard ene of the most historic scout troops in the more than one battleships in the world, "Old Ironhundred troops in the city of Tacoma, (Recited at Fathers and Sons Outing of sides"(U. S. S. Frigate Constitution) it being one of thirteen troops in this the three Canadian Stakes, Camp Kootenay,

While this beautiful old ship, with division to win the 1932 presidential July 6, 1933, by Franklin Hyrum Smith) its tall masts, two decks and fiftytwo or Hoover award. Elijah Dickson,

cannons was anchored at the Tacoma Pees. Tacoma Y. M. M. I. A.

just a cigarette, people ofMunicipal /'M only pier—thousands

little thing, this A tiny view great distances tocame from over yet power man And my rebeen has sailingold ship—which a king Is than mightier splendignity original and to itsstored iron as I rule -hand with an Faith the contributed pennies bydor by claim kingly I boast no

States. the United children ofschool

of our arc very proud L. D. S. By Catherine E. Beery YetPaythousandshomagefoundto myinname.every land We

scouts in Tacoma and the progress they IS faith was boundless, for he knew

Only by faith can dreams come true I around have no guards my throne,are making. C. N. Curtis of the Ta- H

. drilled to fight; No armies

The secret of my power be known, 'Tis in man's appetite.

If subject I would make a man I test his vertebrae And if he be too weak to stand

Then I have won the day.

I bend his shoulders to a curve;

I hollow out his chest;

I play upon his every nerve;

I never let him rest.

I make a dim and bloodshot eye;

I stain his finger tips.

I make his lungs feel parched and dry;

I spoil his shapely lips.

I neutralize his natural will;

I blight his intellect;

And then, I do him more things still,

I take his selfrespect.

I leave a stench about his clothes

A foul distasteful smell I have him marked where'er he goes

So everyone can tell.

I rob him of his richest dower.

Bring failure and regret Now, can you see the mighty power?

Boy Scout Troopt Tacoma, Washington In a simple—Cigarette?

The Improvement Era for November 1933 821

4iCuthbert Tells the Truth Continuedpage from776 and will pussyfoot around, and fled the papers about on his desk, Cuthbert stared at him. Then

look like a little angle that butter and otherwise showed that he was light began to dawn.

would not melt in his mouth he at a loss how to begin. "About Miss Grey? Oh, yes.

will always be teacher's pet, and it "He kinda hates to expel me!"Everybody knows Miss Grey was

surprise. if differens Cuthbert thought with he ain'tdon't no make big kids say she crazy was

this to be a baseball enuff to had supposedgot sense He know one of—theabout you, quit and you her when

teaching. of delights is the the soccer. majorfrom a And this Miss Kelly came, and—."

it in regard to see "I you wished not becaustruth and I know said "Wrong!"Mr. Bryce,

ain't no use, I have not got no to your paper for the Contest,"sharply. "Since you seem posdesire to be teacher's pet. Mr. Bryce began at length. "I sessed of a lot of misinformation

he consultought you to know—"about private my affairs—er for the in question the paper The Truth About the Principle ed for Cuthbert, an ardent When he reads this essay he will author's name—"er—Cuthbert, seeker after I truth, I'll tell you the truth about

OflFis paper it the to the consider tosend most original come for me sent Grey this. Miss me packing

care I will submitted. In expell not of all those andand me that before ever Miss Kelly came, over a

becaus what I am going to be I respect I may say that it merits the slight disagreement regarding a cerwon't need a education. prize, as originality was one of the tain gentleman in California. I

is I here to stressed. this points the But,"All TRUTH. merely to intrying was show my eyes surprise, his twinCuthbert's End. The difference attentions to by Miss my

a lad kled, gave the he manand I take a life of P. up do Kelly. said in you your What S.—If say, smile, the you toman "As I it will drove becaus be wascrime first paper the that"intimation wasto it when but a boy by telling truth—especially the bald, un- I have had that I was of the

tell THE TRUTH adorned truth, as you it—is not slightest consequence to Miss Grey

appreciated in this wicked world, any more."

it better, considering I think and 1- had 1 CuTHBERT Cuthbert's Although w e that everything, remain paper your between interveninglived the days ears in stood a out had secret a don't scrubbed me, between and you in paper of his andthe handing deceptive listening attitude, his and you! peace in athe following Monday slightly ajar, mouth was he had stunned! Cuthbert was to heretoforeof spirit unknown assimilated little very of Mr.

him. He failed cheerfully and Bryce's remarks. He was trying to

teacher not.HIS was took in his lessons andmethodically readjust his onetrack to the mind

at acting in theT manner, normal with remarks Grey's witheringMiss all. prospect of three of more months

faltered, sir!"in a he "Y-yes, that that puzzled tolerancea kindly gruelling labor atrather than an

little voice, truth the then weak the Let lady.harrassed young tractive life crime. of Thus when

in gradually, breaking upon him if kick got she scold any thingpoor the principal, at his shocked own voice, aggrieved in an asked it. a he be only It would ofout incredible this frankness to strangematter of days now, until she "Ain't—aren't you going to expel child said hastily, "O, I say, now

would need another victim. He me: Cuthbert, I'll keep your paper a

time, no, "Well, not this my it a days longer. stand fewcould

if you'll to never promise surprise, thereboy, with It was no be secretI've toldif you'llyou!"do the same by what

said truthful so Bryce, again!"Mr. his receivedfore, that he summons said stupidly, He "Huh? Oh, jovially. to of grain truth "One office Principal'sto the Monday on sure, that's all right!"and shuffled tact, hereafter, I'd adounce of an glance a farewell castafternoon. He dejectedly. out vise."witnessed that hadabout the room

so many mental struggles, and bade "Oh, by the way,"he said casIt was no great surprise to his teacher and schoolmates a ually, as the frustrated martyr Cuthbert, though a matter of much silent farewell before he strode turned slowly away, "About that gratification and some mystification is generally beto his mother when he receivedforth a martyr to the truth. last—do you—it from the young Bryces, honeyHis righteous exaltation carried lieved—are you sure your suppohim bravely to the very door of the sition is the truth?"mooning in Europe, a little statuoffice and then he began to wish ette of "Truth,"represented by a

furtively but sincerely, that he had scantily clad young woman with not said that about Mr. Bryce and The Favorite Topic a torch, with an attached card on

Miss Grey. By L. Paul Roberts which Mr. Bryce had scrawled,

desert "Never her, Cuthbert, long the truth make doth Thus has cowLUCILLE she wave!"the charm that broad may lend; not withards travel can of us it was all! And

out some hard swallowing and a The poise and the grace of a queen. "I believe you did better in

chats the of things hour by she has school last term than we thought,"of his She in sensation the pitstrange done; said his "the fondly, mother finally brought that hestomach seen. she's places people and Of

teachers seem unusually interestedhimself to tap timidly on the fatal Both witty and pretty—I like her so in you!"muchdoor.

Mr. Bryce surveyed Cuthbert BecauseBut I'mshe goingis spellboundto marry Marieand listens, "Humph!"grunted Cuthbert,

with a peculiar expression through wideeyed, noncomittally. Let the woman be

his thick lensed glasses. He cleared Whenever I talk about me. happy in her ignorance. He had

his throat several times and shuflearned better than to tell the truth.

822 The Improvement Era for ISovember, 1933

Louisa May AlcottContinuedpage from781 and plays, written from time to gan to call eagerly for them. In was translated into French, Gertime for the amusement of herself October, 1858, she wrote, "Now man, and Dutch, and became well

and friends, which were published that mother is too tired to be known in England and on the Conin a small book, called "Flower wearied with my moods, I have to tinent. "Little Men"soon folFables,"for which she received manage them alone, and am learnlowed—there seemed no end to her

$32.00; but she had the satisfacing that work of head and hand is mental activity. In 1886 her retion of knowing the money came my salvation when disappointment ceipts for six months for book sales

she loved. weariness darken to burden main or andfrom Her work no new my ones—amounted—and * * * soul.source I shall yet of earning sewing, do J hope of it in her Writing was now $8000.00.

which she liked better than teachmy great book, for that seems to be journal, she declares she was ing, as it left her free to build romy work, and I am growing up to prouder of the $32.00 received for

mances while her fingers were busy it. I even think of trying the 'At- "Flower Fables"than for the

with the needle. She sold a few lantic'There's ambition for you! $8000.00.

more stories for $5.00, and then I'm sure some of the stories are very At forty years of age the task she

began to have calls for them from flat."In March, 1859, she writes, had set herself so many years before

let college.various "Life papers. vivid her She debts family is my May I gradwas accomplished—all

riot uate well, as itimagination run would. honors!"and earn some had been paid, and enough money

Her tales were emotional and adinvested to assure security for the venturous in the extreme. She A FEW months later a story sold rest of their lives. But her health

spent practically every moment, for $50.00, and about the was broken by overwork, and she

when not busy with sewing, teachsame time she began writing for cared nothing for the popularity ing or housework, in writing,—the the "Atlantic,"receiving better pay that had come to her: for the finangreat object of supporting her famfor her work. In 1861 she began cial return, she never ceased giving

ily always before her. In 1855 her first novel, "Moods."Book thanks. She gave freely to all cases

she writes, regarding "Flower followed book, the first unnatural of need. No amount of adulation

Fables,""My book came out, and wildness, or emotionalism, of her ever affected the natural simplicity people began to think that topsywriting gave place to a jolly, tender of her manner. When she died,

turvy Louisa would amount to strain, full of simple charm and March 6, 1888, she left behind her something after all, since she could allure. In September, 1867, she not only a wealth of charm and

do so well as housemaid, teacher, was asked by Roberts Brothers to beauty in the books at which she seamstress and storyteller. Perwrite a girl's book for them, and had worked so unceasingly, but a

haps she may."the request was repeated in 1868, memorial of work well and lovIn sharp contrast to "Flower when she set to work to weave her ingly done, of burdens lifted, and

Fables"was the price of $3000.00 early home life into a story, with of many hearts strengthened and

efforts. paid for a short serial in 1876. the result that "Little Women"was comforted through her

finished in July, and promptly the acTruly, world—and Gradually the price of her stories cepted. Its great success was not larly the world of Youth—owesparticurose to $10.00, and publishers beconfined to this country, alone. It her a debt of love.

> ie <

page 786The Power o Truth Continued from

T FT man tz2iSxL<i that Truth is of the Beatitudes. The one conbanners waving and lances glistenessentially an intrinsic virtue, demns, the other commends,; the ing, and bugles filling the air with

in his relation to himself even if one forbids, the other inspires; the music. You can feel the great

there wer-e no other human being one emphasizes the act, the other expansive wave of moral health living; it becomes extrinsic as he the spirit behind the act. The whole surging through you as the quickradiates it in his daily life. Truth truth rests not in either, but in ened blood courses through the

gloris gladly, of body him who both. is first, intellectual honesty—the health. of physical iously proud second, to craving A man cannot truly believe in know the right;

it is moral honesty, the hunger to God without believing in the final You will know that all will come live the right. inevitable triumph of Truth. If right in the end, that it must come,

Truth is not a mere absence of you have Truth on your side you that error must flee before the great the vices. This is only a moral can pass through the dark valley white light of truth, as darkness

vacuum. Truth is the living, of slander, misrepresentation and slinks away into nothingness in the

pulsing breathing of the virtues of abuse, undaunted, as though you presence of the sunburst. Then,

life. Mere refraining from wrongwore a magic suit of mail that no with Truth as your guide, your

doing is but keeping the weeds out bullet could enter, no arrow could companion, your ally, and inspiraof the garden of one's life. But this pierce. You can hold your head tion, you tingle with the consciousmust be followed by positive planthigh, toss it fearlessly and defiantly, ness of your kinship with the Ining of the seeds of right to secure look every man calmly and unfinite and all the petty trials, sorthe flowers of true living. To the flinchingly in the eye, as though rows and sufferings of life fade

negatives of the Ten Commandyou rode, a victorious king, returnaway like temporary, harmless viments must be added the positives ing at the head of your legions with sions seen in a dream.

The Improvement Era for November, 1933 823 4iGreenbacks and Quarterbacks Continuedpage from795 shovedIronically,overChickanotherLangtouchdown.kicked the

this play, so on your toes! Everyeverything but the importance of extra point with ease, when Caldbody got it?"keeping the ball from advancing well was definitely licked.

"Wait a minute!"came from into Tempest territory. He seemsmelled out playsWilson. by instinct, "I want to take that ingly BEASLEY DiITTIE the slimmestpass!"through and sliced as he made of met Sonny

The Tempest members looked holes to nail the Crimson ball carshowers. "Don't say it,"forhe toldthe

at him. Lang asked: "Any reason riers with vicious, paralyzing her. "The grin's plenty of anwhy?"tackles. But one man—even a man swer.""No reason,"retorted Sonny. frantically inspired—can hardly "I don't grin, my boy, I smile.

"Except that I want to take it."stop a power machine like the CaldDazzlingly. * * * You were wonChick snapped: "Right! You well Crimsons after steam is up, derful!"

receive. * * * Youall got it? and the big Red roller plodded "In the cinema they use the preOkay."down the field steadily to the fix 'gee'—'Gee, you're wonderSonny Wilson found himself twentyfour yard line before the

trembling just a trifle from exciteTempest line—with Sonny Wilson

ment. He found himself wanting playing desperate, superb, defensive

more than anything else in the football—held for downs. Index to Advertisers

world to win that game and save It was then that Wilson showed Company Page

Chick Lang. The game was now his wares. Chick Lang called his Beneficial Life Insurance Co

definitely on his own shoulders, by number on practically every play. Back Cover

request. And the other players Wilson bucked over center, he sliced Brigham Young University. 829

thought he was trying to granddiagonally over tackle, he raced Cunard Steamship Co 827 stand, asking for the ball. The lines around the big spidery Red ends, DeseretDeseret NewsNews PressInside Front Cover830

surged together as the sphere snaphe sprinted down the field to make Continental Oil Co 823 ped back. Sonny slipped through uncanny recoveries of erratic passes. Grant, Heber J. Co 829

a hole and sprinted. The decoy The Blue teammates said nothing Hotel Temple Square 829

end crossed in front of him cutting now. They were awed as if seeing L.InternationalD. S. BusinessTel. College Tel. Co... 831824

to the right, then Wilson swung the supernatural. They left it for Quish School of Beauty Culto the left into open territory near the stands to scream and whoop ture 830

the goal line. He twisted his head. the rooters who did not realize that Z. C. M. I 827

The ball was yards to the right, here was a man frenzied, possessed, high and wobbly. Chick had muf- a man above himself. For Sonny

fed another throw. Sonny Wilson Wilson had never played such ball mm ss|;* sj9{*i.**ai.i

cut back. Two Caldwell players before.

closed in to knock the ball down The Tempest players opened behind the goal. Wilson sprinted, holes, they ran interference, they

flung himself high between the two blocked out tacklers. But above

above their upstretched arms. He that they let Sonny Wilson strictly

was oblivious of the bruising imalone in his task of playing his inpact of his body striking the other credibly brilliant game. For his

felt twisting players, the oblivious but he seemed part, Wilson own Never have gasoline tips, strike half finger his of everything the game. butdamp ball He

slide away; then he clutched the was possessed with a great responsiclaims been so quickoval and lunged heavily to the bility, and nothing else mattered. ly proved and underground. After all, he reasoned, this afterscored by hundreds of

His Blue mates were slapping noon he was forced to play two thousands of drivers him on the back. "Good work,"positions.

growled Chick Lang. "I made a For the first time in a decade, the intent only on finding

terrible throw."Caldwell Crimsons were scored on a better gasoline at

"You did all you could to in the last quarter as Sonny Wilson a "regular"price. At

'throw'it',"snapped Wilson. Red Triangle Stations.

He hoped Lang would catch the inflection in the word "throw,"Sympathy but the other made no sign. HowBy Miranda Walton

ever, reflected Sonny, Lang was this icy heart of took Life, you mine. tears; it with melted—fordoing Chick'shis best kickto sellafterTempestgoal hardlyout OH,And

raised a yard off"the ground, and You took it, Life, and broke it on the cross the score was tied, -(i. Of former years. AS v/

And now, because of griefs that I have o known, reCaldwell, Then

Another's o'erwhelms me; woe steam- a tremendous ceiving, made

Life, broke me, to make me feel for You roller drive. Sonny Wilson forother folks

got self, forgot fear, forgot a game More tenderly.

right knee, forgot fatigue—forgot

S24 The Improvement Era for November 1933

full'"he gravely pointed out, then for Caldwell and now's making a didn't quit, huh? * * * So that's

squeezed her arm and muttered: hit coaching at a Colorado high why you was off on your game, is

"Good gal, Dittie. See you this school. Well, Jimmie worked it? Thought you'd just keep right

p. m."parttime in the treasurer's office at on with a coupla cracked ribs, did

As Sonny separated from the Caldwell, and one day they found you? * * * Now, listen! You

girl. Chick Lang came alongside, the books short."guys!"The coach's heavy voice

*dignity—Dittie'sand said: "I bowa topeach.defeat* with* Sonny Wilson found himself all was a vast thundering bawl. "How attention, while his spine tingled many times've I gotta tell you ivory

Serious?"Sonny Wilson nodded. with an emotion he did not bother heads to quit if you git hurt? How

* * * Dry off,"Then I'm glad for you,"assured to analyze. Chick Lang put his—many—times!

Chick Lang. "Because I was just strong handsome face up into the Lang, while I get the M. D."

sort of dallying around, playfulwater spray and rinsed off the soap, girl at a a said, then "Well, us of bunch walking werelike—y'know, IHEY

.Caldwell, surely and You believed toin so Jimmie, got we we—there's Wiland Sonny Chick home. Lang a today,played game Sonny! gether a stuck a and on and show right at his felt gingerly son. Lang theThat's feeding I kept you why couple finally of dances and dug "You'll said: ribs, grimaced, and

ball, great."goin'so were you in our pockets and down made up you allConference, the way make sighed. longLang with it "And the my shortage up. hushed and But today. played Sonny."

I'll tell Iflowing beard about it, how sore were the about we and in the historicplayed game when us quit. of That's bunch why I erably."Shut "I'mup,"sopleadedlow I couldSonnycrawlmisoff grabbed Wilson himselfSonny last year. came to Tempest

I snail. to a doubt under had Whya of immortality."chunk it "Well, last seems that now bein the sport swellest world the reply the while Sonny made no there shortage, another was month best. I really play fore could my to locker stripthe room, wenttwo this time and they caught the old

! It that wouldn't Loyalty do tookped, It under got the showers. it trusted treasurer a at got and it. desire to wouldn't the Just wingalled this light Wilson, Sonny confession. old So good Coach it. wasn't the coach's job do Andtone course, Chick Lang. from Of recovered the Smith Happy Frank It took enough. abecause a didn't crook suspicion—the was man raised for money we had Jimmie I sort of meanest smile again, never hemean would doubt—before it Adams, took and himself upon best. not I'm do Why, my littlebut the pile of that memory it. to I refund to hated take my incapable snorted, Heof fresh, too was couldworth—."sort like of know, greenbacks—it speech. of share—you glaring,too nearly too approaching blood or a money something—but honest big the asked "Doubt?"the obscene. wished Chick He is sixty hundred a bucks and hun-

."Dittie?"Lang. Chick "Who? his shareLang shower. would not dred and—Wilson "Never mind,"Sonny like didn't the proximity.He Then reverberatthe "Lang!"barked I groaned. mind. But "Never said: a goin'Lang "We're on

party. Sonny, you an'me. I just ing bellow that could come from just hope the lesson's worth it. I

fell heir to a hundred and sixty only one set of lungs in the world just hope it is. * * * When we getbucks."—those of Coach Bob Fidel's. to our room I want to bend over

Sonny Wilson held his breath. "C'mere! What's that red blotch and let you give me a good swift

just to in."kick, let it soak your other continued:The "It was on on side"—probing—"touchy,it happen? * * * huh! sure,"ofaccount When'd grinned Chick ReJimmie Adams. "Why,

member Jimmie? Played right half First play, huh? * * * An'you Lang. "Anything to oblige a pal."

-i|C<<i>3l—

Angels and AmazonsContinuedpage from797 of two pages cannot even hope to pervades the entire field until Seth you take your joy in things sweet mention many of the outstanding Walker, leader of the antiSuffrage and simple. Look down, Elizevents. It must suffice to say that forces in Congress, changed his abeth Stanton, from whatever

the histories of struggle and defeat, negative vote to "aye"with the paradise you are making brilliant renewed struggle and added depurpose of making sure of his right and gay. Look down, Susan

feat, and more determined struggle, to call for reconsideration of the Anthony, from the Valhalla where with glimmerings of success finally whole question. The question you drink the wine of the gods.

blazing into light, are fascinating needed but one more affirmative Look down and spare froni your and worth the time of every person vote to give the necessary majority raptures a smiling thought forinterested in development. "An-—Walker's was the vote—"by those who have followed your path

gels and Amazons"traces with this historic blunder"he who was to its end, who have fulfilled the marked clarity the course of difthe bitter opponent of woman sufnoble desire of your brief, brave ferent movements, and brings to frage, won the cause for the faction day among us * * * angels and life the characters whose inspiration he had been fighting. And in the amazons."

and perspiration made for success. Presidential election of 1920, Comment says: "The concludThe chronicle which becomes the women voted! ing portion of the book traces the

romance of woman suffrage reads "Look down, Lucretia Mott, work of the individuals and organlike a story, for lives and conflict, from your quiet Quaker heaven of izations of the past few years.

weakness and strength, failure and love. Look down, Lucy Stone, Whether woman has lost or gained

triumph all appear, and suspense from the starry meadows where by entering the struggle for a share

The Improvement Era for November, 1933 825 of the world's goods, the reader Is managers, employers of all kinds "left to decide from the evidence. of women's labor, hospitals and

Mrs. Irwin amasses a new evidence. schools protested loudly against the

service, a realistic picture the loss the crippling of paints public ofShe 01 place of of A WINTER disruption the of profits and andnew in a new women fastchanging world. She makes business which would result from

it clear at least that the absence day's remark of even one of women Opportunity places. their Stone's appublicLucy mother no longer from

plies."In conclusion, Mrs. Irwin says:

The world is no longer so hard "When Shakespeare had so manya place for woman; and through of his heroines don man's attire, he lor YOUNG

woman and her efforts of the past was doing more than repeating a hundred years, the world has besituation which he found effectivecome a better and happier place for in his theater. He was making FARMERS!

others. Temperance, peace, huthem express in the symbolism of

manitarian movements of every clothes an old suppressed desire. * *

kind have marked the century of A half a century ago, there was no woman's activities; and she has just difference of opinion on that subTo help young people from

begun. Losing none of her ject among girls; indubitably it was farms to make the most of their

womanliness, she has gone outside better to have been born a boy. * * winter months, we are organizthe to conditions about bring girl of The aof prounder betterment—alwayshome everything boys todaydo—andcan do usuallyalmost ingtest. place claim that woman's The

is In the home was answered two does. She works at everything.decades ago by the suggestion that She plays at everything. She is MidWinter

every woman in the country stay in on the mountain, In the sea andher home for just one day—"deabove the clouds. Rosalind haspartment stores, telephone company come to stay."Term

It will: Another Book Was Opened 1. Give you business knowledge

By T. J, HOWELLS, M. D. of great value in running a

farm.

For years, in Europe, the progress of Not so today. This was no ormedicine has been materially furthered dinary burial service. The smooth 2. Give you a start on a complete

by properly conducted post mortem routine of operations seemed interruptbusiness course leading to ofstudies. It is the custom, particularly ed. The yard was filled with carriages,

in Vienna, to hold autopsies for vicand paid mourners. The chapel doors fice work. The course may

tims of even the common diseases. Perand windows were festooned with be completed in other winters

sons dying from obscure diseases, remany black tailored decorations. or by continued attendance

quire a most painstaking, and thorInside the chapel numerous candles oughly scientific examination. burned before the altar where reposed until completion.

These autopsies are performed by a large pretentious casket, banked specialists. records are made, Careful the casket high with flowers. Near

to further devotedand all energies the sat dressNew Classes Every well middle aged, a woman, knowledge of disease and its effect upon ed, and crying. She was surroundedthe human body. This branch of the by persons, also in deep mourning, Monday

Medical Science is known as Pathology. who seemed strangely anxious and

because of her repeated outworried $15.00 per month

varied manifestations 'I 'HIS was no ordinary funeral. bursts of and

Funeral services from the Chapel great suffering.

of the AUgemcincs Krankenhaus, There seemed something strange and Pays for complete Commercial

Vienna's oldest and largest hospital, unreal about all this pictured grief, for Training, including Gymnasium were common; as many as ten or fifteen deepest emotion is most often incased in privileges at the Deseret Gym.

bodies a day passed through the Chapel, greatest silence.

or were taken directly from the

Morgue, to various parts of the city, It was a coincidence that the class in for burial. Pathology, the study of the effect of

There was never any interruption, disease on the body, began a half hour services after the funeral had started, continued the process confusion;or

it possible the hearing of part L. D. S. made day, each the same but becausesmoothly,

workers, the same carriages, the decoof the service.

rations were used; only the coffins and The early designers of the old hosthe persons in mourning changed. Inpital for economic reasons, had placed BUSINESS

deed, the flowers all looked the same; the chapel and the postmortem rooms

the sprays and figured wreaths, just near together, in a far corner of the COLLEGE this lastlike yard. morning yesterday, of those week and hospital On Department of the L. D. S. the "A fresh, sad, plaintive noteslast of the organ and always year. were They

but few; for Vienna was very poor, the voices of the choir came clearly College"

and many times, there were none at through the chapel windows. The

all. raised voice of the clergyman was heard k A

826 The Improvement Era for November, 1933

in loud praise to the character and accomplishments of the deceased.

"May the mortal remains of this good man,"said he, "rest in peace forever.""May his life of virtue and

well doing stand as a beacon light to errant youth and his great faith and

Christian character be a lesson to us all."At that moment the professor of pathology entered the class room and proceeded with his lecture. (It is a

law in Vienna that anyone accepting hospital treatment can be posted at death; and often important organs are

removed and preserved for the purpose of teaching.)

"I have here,"said he, "the organs of a man fifty years of age. The case

history says he came to the hospital two months ago, complaining of pain in the three days chest, and died ago By AURELIA PYPER of suffocationfrom and symptoms

Cardiac failure.

"You will notice, gentlemen, the /'VE known the love of a crisp winter's day, brain shows a large area of softening; So clear and so sparkling and fair;

that the heart and blood vessels of this I've known the love of the earliest dawn.

individual, reveal the changes of an old All fragrant and perfumed and rare;

is factsyphilis. Interesting the that one offered love of the And a midsummer's night.

liver is full of fat degeneration and Silvery, comforting, warm; results the nodules, highgranular of

living and alcohol, yet the patient's Another the love of the first springtime eve;

history, says this person did not drink. But yours was the love of the storm.

"These destructive changes in the brain, the heart, and the blood vessels Resistless, relentless, unheeding, are so marked that I shall preserve these The terrible toll it might take;

specimens that others may see the dePassionate, cruel, compelling.

structive effects wrought by alcohol It swept me along in its wake;

and syphilis. This man's syphilis was

untreated, an individual such and is Hours of darkness and anguish;

tosure and painful to come an early nd. During the years he did live he Moments of soulblinding bliss;

was a menace to others."Eons of doubt and despairing

So one after another, the secrets, and Forgotten in one fiery kiss;

real life of that individual were disclosed. Blinding me now with its glory;

A sorrowing widow, some sympaNumbing me now with its pain;

thetic friends, and a clergyman, followLeaving me breathless and helpless;

ed a body shell, with a painted face to Making me hope but in vain;

the cemetery; but the vital organs of

that man remained behind, and became Pitiless, marvelous, awful.

merely a specimen in a jar of alcohol sufiering meant; It showed what me

shelf. a dustyon in its fury Lashing on me

eulogies It is what of no consequence cast me aside when 'twas spent. or at the graveside, what Towere spoken

costly stone.inscription the marks Im- I still like a clear winter's to think day. on

the is the fact that words, onlyportant first the blossom forms; hope when And syphilis, alcohol,""third degree and

mark the labeled jar that contains the I still like to dream on a warm summer's night, brain and heart of that man. But I tremble with love when its storms.

"For the Lord seeth not as man seeth

For man looketh on the outward appearances

But the Lord looketh at the heart."

-0ggV3'

"I would be virtuous for my own sake, though nobody were to know it; as I would be clean for

my own sake, though nobody were to see me."Shaftsbury,

The Improvement Era for November, 1933 827

Continued from 'Trumpets at Dusk page 779 ficiai was desirous of preventing the panionship which had existed beEurope?

extinction of the vanishing birds tween him and his life mate since Whether on a Mission through confining them in a wildtheir arrival. She seemed less and

fowl sanctuary within the Park, less concerned about their customor for pleasure * *go the meant nothing to the Indian. One ary trips down the lakeside to delve

fresh roots and shoots the did. dollars amongst hundred

bank. overhanging along the or his mate sensed Had N'Olor CIJNARD way!

the drama that was to link their She was far more interested in a lives with that of Big Walking little grassy knoll a few rods reOne ofthe great ships ofthe Cunard

Bear they would have forsaken moved from the marsh edge. Each and Anchor fleets is bound to fit

their old nesting ground forthwith. day she walked to its summit and your plans... in time of sailing

But they could not see the piercing paraded inquiringly about, pulling... in speed and unexcelled comblack eyes of the red man narrow here and there at a dried grass blade fort... in price. Frequent and

into speculative, avaricious slits; or stem of withered weed. One regular service to British and

they could not read his thoughts. day she took a large billful of French ports from New York,

A complacent assurance of easily marsh grass up and deposited it Boston and Montreal. Convenient

earned money explained the glintupon the knoll. connections to all parts of the

ing black eyes, the satisfied straightMany trips followed. She world. Through rates and round

ening of the loose mouth as the transported grass, stalks and even trip rates (good for two years)

Indian quitted his vigil to return a stray sprig of evergreen brought quoted on application.

to his cabin. There would be sufdown by Little Lost Creek. N'Olor

ficient time to deal with the swans either followed her about curiously Round trips to England as low as after they had nested. Then peror floated nearby in calm majesty I13L50 Third Class. N.Y. toN.Y. haps there would be four swans—while these mysterious actions were

or possibly six. That would mean being indulged in. He had at first Apply to Your Local Agent or

more money. tried coaxing and later bullying her

For two weeks after their into following him. Then he Cunard Building San Francisco, Cal.

wearied landing on the icy bosom ceased such attempts. Apparently

of Little Echo Lake, the two swans he recalled that each previous year did little but float serenely about the same thing had occurred and or search for food along the southrelegated it to the unexplainable.

ern edge. Like the emergence from His mate remained close about

a toneless gray chrysalis of the the nest for a day or two, pulling beautiful lunar moth, the mountain feathers and large quantities of A Famous Overall fastness in those two weeks underdown from her immaculate breast.

went a palpable transformation. Came a day when she elected to Made Better Still!

From an unsightly, ice encurnremain there almost constantly.

bered pond, whose turgid waters She came to the lakeshore only at had received the first wildfowl, rare intervals to drink or pull up NOW THAT

Little Echo Lake changed to a a few mouthfuls of grass.

radiant, sparkling drop of blue. N'Olor was left to his own deAgainst a cerulean background it vices. At first he fraternized someMounlaineer

reflected the coruscations of the sun what with a few Canadian geese on the high snowfields and the who appeared in a similar deserted white cloud wisps that traversed predicament. But for the most OVERALLS

the valley. Changed, too, was the part he was accustomed to float out Are Equipped With converging shore. in the lake, sedate, aloof—a monThe ice crusts were gone from arch in his own right.

beneath the melting snow that had Days passed. N'Olor became intrickled through the dry marsh creasingly aware that he was looked

grass. Amid the dead stalks fresh, to by his mate as guardian and progreen shoots thrust up. Wild duck tector of that knoll whereon she 4/IPOCICETS

potatoes were bursting from their sat in complacent solitude. His The new, exclusive, patented feature

winter corms. Farther back on trips to the lake became less frethat has aroused the enthusiasm of

everywhere. workmen grass quent. shore coarse turned bunch

tools saves and valuables—andSaves time,saves leaves the emerald toward palmate temper. sun. Moss flowers clustered proNearby was another

fusely about; other wildflowers apbit of shore rising away from the They Cost You No More!

peared overnight. Spring was well marsh and on it a small colony of Ask Your Dealer for Mountaineer

along. geese nested. Occasionally N'Olor Overalls and Work Suits

would stalk arrogantly past them Equipped With StopLoss

N''OLOR began to on his way to and from the knoll. Pockets

find himself alone for everincreas- He realized the time was fast apManufactured in Salt Lake City ing periods as the days passed. A proaching when his mate would by Z. C. M. L Clothing Factory

rift appeared in the intimate comleave her nest to usher into the 828 The Improvement Era for November, 1933

water a file of sprawling, rusty coland he began to gobble its contents restoring some semblance of order ored bits of down, to float about in gluttonous haste. she resumed her setting.

her while she impressed the lesser The nesting swan, her drink wildfowl of her regal importance. completed, was returning leisurely

a week afterAnd N'Olor wanted the geese to up the knoll. She was within a Within

know that he, too, was in some few feet of the nest before she disthe incident with the skunk, the manner connected with that event covered the marauder. The skunk female swan stepped from her nest

when it should occur. saw her at the same instant. one morning and turned to view

He was as yet unaware of Big With an angry, vibrant hiss and the lone result of her tedious task.

Walking Bear. The Indian kept threatening outspread wings she The single egg to escape unscathed

faithfully away from the nesting beat down upon him. Giving a had hatched during the night.

grounds, but every day he made his twisting leap the skunk elevated his Amid the dull white flakes of shell sprawled an ungainly, tail. the granite point ofbroken and of blinding, asbushyway to A jet rustycolored youngster who essured himself the female fensive secretion was swan shot toward the

on her nest. white destruction flying at him. sayed at once to waddle through

It was nearly time for his mate The swan's open black bill and the fluffy down and follow his to lead forth her brood before blazing brown eyes were above the parent.

N'Olor had opportunity to see perineal ejection. It sprayed about His mother stepped proudly

within the nest. One day when she her breast and legs. Her horny bill about the knoll offering sibilant

had gone to the lakeside for a drink, cracked down across the interloper's syllables of encouragement.

he stepped close to the mysterious flat skull. With a squeal the skunk N'Olor, attracted by the unusual

hollow and saw deep in the fluffy leaped clear, retreating across the proceedings, marched closer and swansdown, the dull white gleam nest. Beating her tremendous peered at his offspring with a

of five eggs. He had seen her eggs wings and trumpeting a clarion patronizing mien. When at last

in past years, but always they were war cry, the swan followed. N'Olor the young swan tumbled over the

a curiosity to him. came flying back, sounding an anedge of the nest, his male parent

He walked closer to peer in. A swering trumpet. The nearby moved slowly down the knoll to

warning hiss from his returning nesting fowls joined in with wild the water's edge. The mother

mate gave him scant time to turn a clamor until pandemonium claimed with matronly concern herded the full breast and partly outstretched the marshside. little one behind him.

wing against her sudden attack. The female swan abandoned the The three slipped into the water

She drove him away with wrathful chase after the intruder took refuge and floated proudly about. N'Olor

hisses and indignant trumpet calls beneath the remains of a deserted sent a sonorous trumpet of relief until she judged he was sufficiently beaver dam. She returned to parade into the air. This occasion marked

distant, then settled herself in the excitedly about her ravaged nest. the termination of his more or less

nest and appeared to forget the Two eggs were broken and two lonely existence the past few weeks.

matter. were slightly cracked. The nest Following a preliminary excursion

This outburst of temperament was badly awry. The fight had amongst a few families of ducks

did not greatly alarm N'Olor. He raged directly across it. and geese (a sort of triumphal prounderstood he was to busy himself N'Olor's mate finally descended cession to display his family)

with sentinel duty and leave other to the lake and swam about in the N'Olor led the way to an overmatters to his peculiar mate. He water and through the rushes, hanging bank where the shadow of

did not go away and sulk but rewashing diligently. On shore she the tangled shore brush laid a

mained close about the knoll. His slid along in the lush grass on her quavering chiaroscuro over the

proximity was soon to stand him breast and sides, cleansing herself placid waters.

in good stead. as best she could. When she was There they passed the remainder

rid for the most part of the offensive of the day. The parents showed

odor she returned to her nest. After their small son the mysteries of the J\ ROSE dawn played great wet world that lay about

fingers of opalescent light about the them. Bits of shore floatsam were

snowy crags of the Missions, reachexamined as to edibility; blades of

ing down toward the lake still parRain grass were snipped off and eaten.

tially veiled by the nigrescent overBy Elizabeth Brown His mother showed him how to shadowing of the tall evergreens. stretch his neck beneath the surface

rain, softly, the soft through TALL at the firstN'Olor, in the pale haze morsels search awake for tender and shade of treesto suffuse tops, last the mountain not mud. part was This much

lie had -*Into the hidden spent leaves where wood repaired to the lake. His mate, deClose to the earth. to the little swan's liking. He

sirous of a drink, quitted the nest Fall tenderly from white infinities, much preferred looking at all the a few moments later and followed. Fall silverly and softly from the sky. strange things on the surface or

Behind a clump of bunch grass And For wefill haveour beendearth;provoked to barren mirth along the shore to peering and

farther up the slope, a pair of My soul and I. prying about in the roily water begreedy, feral eyes focused on the unWe have a need of your cool charity, low.

protected nest. The squat body That bounty which bestows Then, that evening, as N'Olor

rose and the upon the maggot led his charges ashore the insidiousof a silent skunk slid around the Alike tears of mercy, shed The heavenly on all hummock and edged cautiously Who are in thrall finger of tragedy stretched forth forward. In an instant he was in To misery, to all in bonds to pain. again and indicated the trio of

the vacated nest. Yellow teeth Fall softly, rain. trumpeter swans.

clicked through the shell of an egg On the shore was a pile of driftThe Improvement Era for November, 1933 829

wood cast up by the spring flood. I) 4iif>HM>-t>'4Hi<)

Beyond was the high ground where nested the small colony of Canadian geese. It was past these that! 100 SERMOMETTESBY DR. GEORGE H. BRIMHALL

the vanity of the male swan de- I A PastMaster of the Short Four "Minute Discourse manded he lead his family. This With a biographical sketch by

gesture of pride and ostentation MISS ALICE LOUISE REYNOLDS brought swift disaster.

Crouched in tense expectancy | These soulgripping flashes from behind a projecting stick of driftlife which have thrilled thousands of wood was a tawny weasel, hungry, Dr. Brimhall's students will be pubvicious. Twice that day he had lished during the early winter. In

tried for a dinner and missed. His order to be able to estimate the size of

red eyes glittered with impotent the edition necessary we are asking all malice. He trembled perceptibly, those interested to place their orders

ears alert, nose twitching. by December 1. Merely state how

N'Olor led. 'His mate brought many of the books you will desire.

up the rear, her son waddling beThey will make splendid Christmas fore her. The great bulk of the Gifts.

feet three within passedmale swan Price The wfll likely be $1.50

Dr. Brimhall weasel. neitherof waiting the He 100 Address The Editor, Sermonettes

saw nor scented the couchant enemy. wobbled baby swan The Provo BRIGHAM YOUNG"The Friendly School"UNIVERSITY Utah stick. projectingpast the

Came a flash of bronze body. lao4if)

A click of teeth, sure and lethal.

A scarcely audible gurgling. The

weasel turned toward the security of the drift dragging the baby swan There are many who suffer loss the neck.by

Scarcely had the weasel struck Be prudent thebefore mother swan was at him Avert it by tornado. whitelike a Without

dropping his prey the lithe body INSURANCEdodged, evading death by the width of a grass blade. N'Olor turned This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

with a startled hiss of rage. Closing

in from the right he cut off immediate retreat for the weasel. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

N'Olor's anger turned to berserk

J. GRANT J CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City. Utahfury. His bill shot down catching HEBER

the weasel in the middle of the back. There was a squeal of pain;

the dead swan dropped from sudTBI - r'1*1 'I i*i iiti If! ifc iJi 1*1 (111 i>[i * -"- -'- - -*

denly relaxed jaws. The weasel,

wrenching free dashed once more Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel toward the drift. The singing

pinions of N'Olor's mate caught him and swept him back. A sudden, batteringram drive HOTEL

of N'Olor's black head and his corneous bill snapped shut on themurderer's neck. The swan tightTEMPLE

ened his grip and threshed the little body madly about on the hardground. Not until the weasel lay SQUARE

inert did N'Olor cease his mad at200 Rooms each with tack. Then he trumpeted and beat Tile Bath

his great wings as he ran excitedly Rates about his dead enemy.

$1.50 to $4.00

JrllS mate was hoverRadio Connections for ing solicitously about the little Every Roomdead swan. The weasel's teeth

had snapped the small neck like Opposite Great Mormon Temple matchwood. For several minutes ERNEST C ROSSITER, Manager

the mother walked about her dead baby with throaty sounds of anx830 The Improvement Era for ISovember, 1933

a ious admonition. Deep within her He had not long to wait. Glidperhaps she sensed the baby would ing with graceful ease, N'Olor and

never rise and follow her, but some his mate appeared around the point urge bade her remain and make the of land, moving slowly toward futile attempt. the marsh. Their course would

After a few moments, eliciting no bring them within a few feet of the response, N'Olor and his mate bewaiting Indian. Slowly they

came quiet. They abandoned their came on.

dead and in funeral silence stalked Big Walking Bear sank silently past the knoll where the happy gray beneath the surface. The piece of

geese and their young were bickerbark floated calmly beside the end ing excitedly about the noise of of the sunken log.

tragic battle. glance or sign the No Printed deft motions and the Infew A the trumpeter recognition did help of forms directly of dian in the pathway was

you do the swans make as they passed. In the birds. Turning on his back

their to silence their same work they made way his peered he opened eyes and up time. in less settled silence in knoll lonely and water. translucent the through A fast the approaching pass down to the distant yard shadowy moved

night. nigrescent feet of the wildfowl.

Big Walking Bear the following Their white bodies cast quivering pair the blackbilled morning saw Inacross the submerged shadowsPRINTED float the quiet waters of Little Echo Bear rose slowdian. Big Walking

Lake alone. The small charge they ly upward; his strong bronzed FORMS had displayed so proudly the prehands reached toward the paddling SA VE TIME vious day was absent. The Indian legs.

guessed rightly the reason and urge caused unexplainable Some oath at swore a white man's Have you investigated to atat that very instant the N'Olor the time saving possibiliharsh law of nature that robbed tempt to dive. His suddenly downadditional bounty. of perhaps him indistinct thrust gave head him an ties of printed forms apall other activities, Abandoning vision the of below submarine bulk

plied to your particular the Indian watched the two swans an instant before the Indian's hand entire days. noted for three He leg. his right closed about of or business? job One fed, they they where swam, where

fright, his N'Olor Trumpeting field in this specialists ashore they most where went our to fly. tremendous His fresought

will gladly help you quently. He observed that they wings fanned the air and his hissin passing near the habit of were

terror of cry whistling was make any survey and log ing, a partly of submerged the end as his of mingled with that mate give suggestions. near the southern tip of the lake she, too, felt an iron hand clamp the they approached time each

spot he selected to feed. marsh That THE as best suited for their capture. aboutBig herWalkinglegs. Bear found it difstruggles swans. It had of both Deseret News ficult to cope with the fearcrazed On the fourth day, bethe birds to pull been his plan

the surface check neath the and "Press whilea smalltherockytwo peninsulawere hiddena fewbeyondrods of their he got while wings power 29 Richards Street from the submerged end of the log, astride one and held it with his legs.

appeared Bear Walking Salt Lake City, Utah Big could he bind the other with unThen shore. Just before noticed on the the one of thongs.

the time the swans usually made m for the marsh to feed, the Indian, His slight hold on N'Olor's leg insufiicient. Indian was was The a his skin nude, coppery harmonBE INDEPENDENT lifted clear half water of the as both blue color izing bit the and of amid

I Vocation So Profitable Other No simultaneous attempted swans forest, slipped lake green of and ENROLL NOW flight. struggled female swan The chill water. noiselessly the into at the Course a Complete For

In one hand he carried a curved desperately. Big Walking Bear

Quish School of Beauty Culture piece of pine bark. About his neck was forced at last to free N'Olor

The Best in the West dangled two rawhide thongs. He and turn his entire attention to her.

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. waded to the outer end of the log N'Olor swept from the lake on terSALT LAKE CITY. UTAH where the water was perhaps five rified wings and trumpeting a

For Further Information feet in depth. He placed the bit of danger cry to the whole valley,

and Catalog Call halfcylindrical bark across the top sailed southward up Little Lost

Wasatch 7560 oi of his head and sank to his knees Creek.

Fill in This until the lower edges of the bark The Indian had trouble enough Coupon touched the water. His alert black with one swan. He managed to

eyes peered from beneath the bark grasp one wing and partially pull camouflage; motionless he awaited her beneath the surface. She still

the approach of the swans. struggled valiantly. Her captor

The Improvement Era for November, 1933 831

hooked a naked leg across her her again beneath the surface. Golden sunlight streamed misty

slender neck and thrust her bodily When he brought her up this time bars across the tops of the giant fir beneath the water. When she ceased she would not fight back. He knew and spruce that crowded close to the

to struggle he would haul her how to handle her kind. western shore. Quiet shadows

ashore and revive her. He had Her struggles became less violent, quivered on the blue water in a

often done the trick with Canadian became barely perceptible, ceased. ragged silhouette of reflected shoregeese. Big Walking Bear dragged her line. As the sun slid beyond the

After a reasonable time, Big ashore and tried to revive her. His distant peaks and the blue net of

Walking Bear felt the swan relax attempts at resuscitation were evening closed slowly about the and bringing her to the surface futile. The trumpeter swan was lake, N'Olor glided to a landing

started ashore. She came to life dead. far out upon its surface.

with an abruptness that all but There the evening breeze sent won her freedom. One wing cut N''OLOR had flown miniature whitecaps shoreward in

the Indian's face. Her bill thrust far up the narrow valley. He was endless undulation; there N'Olor

fiercely at his eye and opened a gash alone, bewildered. Near evening floated serenely, sadly alone; and

across one highboned cheek. he returned. there as dusk dragged its silky

Dull anger mounted within the Thrice he circled the lake. His meshes tight about Little Echo

Indian. The loss of the other swan sonorous calls for his lost mate, Lake, the lonely bird, far out on

had made him surly enough. The sadly musical, reverberated in futile its bosom, sent a last trembling

fighting female made him lose all echo against the impregnable Mistrumpet call into the empty unanreason. With a curse he plunged sions. swering sky.

our TelepHorve WEDOOtJUrAItT to tele*- petal

y'appear 0 n

Supplementary Services

Air Express Pickup and Delivery

Air Travel Reservations Bus Express Pickup and Delivery

Bus Travel Reservations Circular and Sample Distribuliort

Gift Service Purchase and Reports Marine OUR telephone is a Postal Telegraph station. Errands and Package Delivery

Service Money Order Service BureauFrom it you can send a Postal Telegram to anyone anyPersonalTheatre Ticket Service where in the United States and Canada. Postal Telegraph Commercial News Reports

speed, accuracy and dependability are at your fingertips. fromTelegramsthe HighwaysDirect via

THE INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM Esse and Standard Oil Gos Stations

TostatTelegraph Commercial Cables All America Cables Mac\ay Kadio

AyVMW iigjLJ0J>Ki Ova HERE IS MOTHER GOOSE BROUGHT UP TO DATETHIS CALIFORNIAN LIKED THE "VAMPIRE

VERY MUCH UP TO DATE CURRENCY"ARTICLE

Wall Street "San Francisco, Cal.

article fall; worthy Money,'a great 'Vampire by T. H. Tims was had DUMPTY TTUMPTY

- or, gentleman's address the note. THEof finances Please forward upset the of all. -* His tumble me

Morgan's huge millions and keen Wall Street men, if you have any more of his articles on Germany, please forCouldn't put Humpty together again. ward same by return mail C. O. D.,

yours, truly "Very their cash; their stocks despoiled and of were Men S.""E. O.

all crash. lost in the ruinous Widows subscription through our class renewing "P. S. Am in were way. a bad brokers Bankers and especially liked that postscript. teacher, 'Mission Ward'."We it black a millions day. of lambkins For was

alas, found, suddenly alack and They principally water and gas. AH, THE GOOD THAT MEN DO SOMETIMES was That Humpty LIVES AFTER THEM

The moral this teaches is now very plain

Never Trust Humpty—GcenvilleDumptyKleiser,again!in the Pathfinder. WAS much Interested in the editorial"Cedar City,you publishedUtah, Oct.in 10.the

I last Era about the young man who lacked the money to go A TESTIMONY FROM PHOENIX—AN EXCERPT East to school. I felt, like you, that such cases do need more

FROM A LETTER TO THE BUSINESS OFFICE consideration and publicity than they get, and that persons who "September 28, 1933. help worthy students deserve more credit than is usually

ITofis oura splendidLatterdaypublicationSaints. and should be found in the homes awarded"As I them.read the article I was reminded of an old man

"I am sure The Improvement Era would be good for any who used to live in my home town. He accumulated a small

or all people who are interested in good reading, that will fortune in the cattle business, and as he had no children of have a lasting impression on the mind, and in that way build his own he seemed anxious to help others who needed help.

up character and good citizenship. I remember once when the Dixie College sent representatives

"E. J. B."to our Sunday afternoon services to encourage young people to

i i -f come to school that fall, this man arose and said he would that J. writes events have "Recent that made Great gladly lend anyone to go to school on and would let money

it free. article accepted for interest Improvewhich MR.SaltD. Lake you them have The

ment Era a satisfaction. It pointed out the desirability of "I found him 35 good as his word, for when I needed

another resort at Black Rock; the resort is now there. It money to finish my junior year at the B. Y. U., he vefy

foretold the building of a new straight road from down town willingly loaned it to me. The next year when I repaid him

Salt Lake City to Black Rock; it is now there. The article I sent the money to his bank and Included the interest, but

also told of the big soda bed under the sand near Saltair; and when my next bank statement came I found that he had had

a sodium factory is now erected and operating there."the interest put back on my account.

Of course all this merely confirms our opinion of the article. "In checking up I found that I was only one of a number

We thought it was good. You will find it in the January, he helped. I know definitely of fifteen students that he

1932, number of the magazine.*/'* helpeda Ph. D.andandthereis amayleadingbe others.professorOf inthatournumberChurchoneuniversity;now has

MARJORIE TAYLOR, writing for the University of another is a graduate of the George Washington law school

Chicago Press, says, "It is our belief that 'The Short in Washington, D. C, and now has a government position

Bible'will definitely remove from the Bible the stigma of there; a third left home with a wife and baby and but little

being described as 'the book nobody knows'."We hope she is else. They lived in one room in a basement while he went

correct. By "The Short Bible"she means the new book to the U. of U. medical school, but inside of five years he

edited by Dr. Edgar J. Goodspeed and Dr. J. M. P. Smith. owned a substantial interest in the bacteriological laboratory

It is the American translation abbreviated. where he worked and was drawing a salary of approximately

girls five Bachelor's helped a year; have of the he $5000 now y /

are teaching in of the taught have or some and decided now to*"....simplify binding of the degrees Era committee has THEvolumes of The Improvement Eras by beginning the leading high schools in the state; In fact practically all of

volumes with the January number. This change will make the ones he helped have been successful in their chosen field

no difference to subscribers except that we advise them to and each one can, In a measure, attribute his success to this include the November and the December numbers this year man who had less than a grammar school education.

in their bound volumes. All those wishing to bind their Eras "When he died in the summer of 1930, most of his fortune

may, by writing for it, receive a complete index to the volume had slipped from him due to the depression and other misfree. fortunes, but he never lost a cent that he invested in the

f f -f education of young people. Though his money was gone

far to his not; near people came wealth and show was from of of this the volume poems is now proceedJUDGMENT the for their feelings of banker, His him. one was who to announcements be ready with our ing. We hope funeral, text at of the.speakers of his the for the sermon took

best poems by January. Christ's admonition to the rich young man, and said that

of Truth,"enjoyed hope you this num- "The Power passing something had left far more valuable—a number of Jordan. George Dr. William WEber, t i i truly here was a man who had followed it literally, and In book by The entire lives. vastly enriched human

will be published serially. There will be in all eight of these "Sincerely yours,

thrilling essays. "E. S."

pictures for the advertisement of The Improvement THIS IDAHOAN FINDS THE ERA HARD TO RESIST back appeared THEEra, -f i i cover of the which on the inside is I can't the of publication kind Era the October and young were number made lady was feel I to read."than posed THEhelp Improvementreading, rather ought studio. one of the In Ecker the January number Mr. Ecker, by

we'll show you the winners of the photographic contest which "Sincerely and respectfully, closed October 30. "G. L. R."

'Here's a Suggestion for a Christmas Present 95 A YEAR'S SUBSCRIPTION TO THE improvement ERAFor Every Member of the A Magazine

Family. You may send this monthly Messenger into the homes of those who esteem

highly or love by ordering a gift subscription for them. Your gift subscription will

count on your ward quota.

A Volume Will Contain 768 Pages of Material—The

Equivalent in ISumber of Words of 2 FuULength

Novels.

.y The Volume Just Closing Contained 148

Special Articles, 38 Short Stories 178 Poems, 2

HalLength Novels, 41 Editorials, 12 reproductions of Paintings, Mutual Messages, Priesthood Messages,

Hundreds of reproductions of Photographs and Drawings.

A Christmas Card Announcing You As Donor Will

Accompany Each Gift Subscription.

ORDER BLANK Photo by Ecker

(>-H<}'a()l)'HB-U-i[lH0-<>'1H-(>Btl'aiB-t>'E:}f) KOOBatt-

Editors, Improvement Era,n 50 North Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dear Sir: Find inclosed $2 for which please send a year's

subscription to the Improvement Era to

Name Address

Signed | Address |.Ward Stake j

Yl(IOH'<l-4Mn-B-<>-fl TJHAT INSPIRES CO ENC

Alfred M.tNCORPORATCOBest1699 Company

INSURANCE PUBLICATIONS AND REPORTS

HOME OFFICE: BEST BUII.DJNS, 7S FULTON ST.,

NEW YOBK April 7, 1833

Mr. Herbert J. Grant, Prealdont,

Beaafiolal Life Inauraaoe Company,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Bear Sir:

Upoa checking your bond list, ete, e tint

tbat we can give you the coBnent "excellent"on liquidity ao4

our "A* (Excellent) rating for the forthcoming year*

THROUGHOUT THE STORM OF DEPRESSION THE BENEFICIAL LIFE HAS

CONTINUED ITS FORWARD MARCH WITH A HEALTHY INCREASE YoUra Tery trul.}'.

EACH YEAR.

TODAY—98.50% OF OUR TOTAL ASSETS ARE SET ASIDE FOR THE AtEsVM A.ViceDexterPresident.Best. Ir-—BENEFIT AND PROTECTION OF POLICYHOLDERS. /

FINANCIAL STABILITY LINKED WITH.*?.?.l.?.f7= rrr=

PROPER MANAGEMENT administered by results in constant leadership MEN OF UNQUESTIONED INTEGRITY

DIRECTORS

Heber J. Grant

A. W. Ivins

J. Reuben Clark, Jr

Geo. J. Cannon

E. T. Ralphs

Jos. F. Smith

B. F. Grant

David 0. McKay

A. B. C. Ohison

IF YOU CAN'T SAVE TO BUY INSURANCE—BUY INSURANCE TO SAVE