JULY 1956

Historic Holein-theRock

%:.''"-:-:

Jt

%,-f

*.**#%

SW

6VM$t<ii 14&&&*-**.+**&**

t&*"**rt&ir {j

So easy! 50% more jelly...and fresher flavor

because you boil only l minute with SUREJELL or CERTO!

j-

Je ll *- JSlii: ""*S!

Recipe: perfect homemade plum Bring to boil over high heat, stirRemove from heat, skim off foam SureJell and Certo are brands

j elly. Crush 5 lbs. ripe tart plums. ring constantly. At once, stir in and pour into glasses. Paraffin at of pectin... the fruit substance

Simmer 10 min., covered, with 7x/icupssugar, bring toboil again. once. Yield: 12 medium glasses, that causes jelling. The amount

l V2 CUPS water. Squeeze through Boil hard 1 min., stirring conat mere pennies a glass! And of pectin in fruits varies—so

jelly bag or cheesecloth layers. stantly. This short boiling time you're sure of perfect jams and SureJell or Certo takes the guessMix 5 J/2 CUPS juice with 1 box gives you fresher flavor. And less jellies from all kinds of fruits work out ofjam andjelly making.

SureJell in large saucepan. (Or juice boils away, so you"get up to when you use either powdered Recipes with package and bottle.

use Certo—recipe on bottle.) 50% higher yield! SureJell or liquid Certo! Products of General Foods.

too hot

for

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

fertilizer?

Plant explorers for the US Department of Agriculture's plant introduction section scour the free world in the quest for new plants. As a result

of the explorers'work, about 10,000 not if it's different cuttings, seeds, plants, bulbs, and tubers are sent to the United States for study and research each year, and more than a hundred thousand plantsare sent to friendly foreign nations from VITALIZER the plant storage facilities at Beltsville, THIS AMAZING new plant food made from native

Maryland, as a part of this twoway inUtah ALUNITE actually works best in hot weather, ternational exchange of valuable plants. releasing vital nutrients for plant consumption in

greater abundance than at cooler temperatures. When

applied as directed it won't burn—not even in July

"VTO place in Great Britain is more than or August.

1 1 seventyfive miles from the sea. A PRODUCT of the Alunite Corporation of Utah, VITALIZER is recommended by soil scientists for fertilizing

crops, lawns, gardens, flowers, trees and shrubs. Research

Irving Lorge has foundPofessor that monindicatesto thethatmountainit worksstates.best on depleted alkaline soils comrun used with has been the word

829 distinct meanings in English. FOR FARMERS Vitalizer is available in 5 different

Thirty seven definitions are given in NPK formulas in pelletted form for easy flowing

Webster's New International Dictionofsidethedressing.VITALIZERFree "prescriptionsoil tests for approach"farmers is toa farmpart

ary, the first of which is "to move soil needs.

swiftly."FOR CITY DWELLERS Vitalizer is packaged in 40 lb.

bags, which cover 2,000 sq. ft. of lawn or garden area,

in handy two pound bags for use on house plants and flower beds.r[Ekeycleverof MalayapigtailedandmacaqueSumatramon-is and

trained natives to pick coconuts. by the

If indicates either signals iHiipEALLY WORKS! by the owner

on a rope tied to the monkey or by voice that the coconut is ripe, the monprovenver 5 yearsthe ofsuperiorityresearch costingof alunitebasenearly $500,000fertilizers.has

key twists the nut around until it breaks Farmers and home gardeners who tried VITALIZER off and falls to the ground. Paintings for the first time last year have added glowing testifrom ancient Egypt of about 2000 B.C. mony to the findings of the soil scientists. Ask anybody

show monkeys gathering figs and palm whoreal tributehas usedto thisVITALIZERremarkable andnew youplantwillfood.hear a

fruits for their masters. The Egyptians

mummified apes and other animals they considered holy in the same way as PROLONGED ACTION!

they mummified human beings.

Because of alunite's ability to retain the nutrients in the soil solution VITALIZER supplies acutely needed plant

This is true in spring, season. growing all during the

fall. or in the heat in midsummer Snow'fleasfleasbut arearemembersnot like ofthethecommonspringfood

can't supply If he dealer's today. VITALIZER FOR ASKtail order. or Collembola The name 3rd West 373 UTAH, OF at CORPORATIONyour write to ALUNITE you,

dealer of the the name Utah, for 16, St., Lake City Salt Northspringtail prothe springlike comes from

jection under the body which can be nearest you.

flea released to flip thefolded and an?*'For Lands Sake, its length. inch, or twentyfive times

The snow fleas are found on glaciers Don t Say Fertilizer, the edges. so a mile oreven a half from

carried principally pollenFeeding on by SAY VITALIZER!"

the wind from evergreen trees during the day and kept warm by heat absorbed *g9 aFREEpostcardSAMPLEto."VITALIZER,".. send your373 nameWest and3rd addressNorth, Salton

by their black bodies at night, they burLake City, Utah.

row down through tunnels under the surface of the snow.

JULY 1956 481 Mental Health

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Anew landmark in Salt Lake City is and 50. In the sixties senile psychoses

the 546bed VA Hospital for psyand those with arteriosclerosis are inchiatric and neurologic patients. Comcreasingly prominent.

pleted in June 1952 at a cost to the The National Mental Health Comfederal government of $8,653,350, it is mittee predicts that one out of every only one of forty psychiatric hospitals ten persons will spend some part of operated by the U S Veterans'adminhis life in a mental hospital. This

istration—in addition to its 112 general means that better care, institutional in

medical and surgical hospitals. The nature and subject to statistical count,

total cost of caring for the mentally ill is increasing—not merely that mental

in V A hospitals in 1955 was $223,260,- illness has become epidemic.

153. The average daily load in 1955 What can be done about it?

was 47,270 patients in the "NP"Forty percent of the patients admitted (neurologic and psychiatric) compared to state mental hospitals are released in 9,853 vmlm, with the general medical and within period or a five year less—most

facilities. surgical V A within six months. of them At Topeka,

In the United States as a whole there Kansas, 80 percent have been discharged blankets forwerementalabout disease.596 hospitalsThe withindemonstratingthe firstthat year,good

total capacity was 755,506 treatment after becoming

INSTALL dailybeds, hospitaland thecensusaverageof ill Howhelps.to remain healthy?

mental patients (1954) How to avoid illness?

was 728,811—or 54 perThe national commitcent of the total average tee's report is silent on

daily census reported in this subject. It makes a

all hospitals. profound plea for more

These facts have been research, more hospitals, SUPERCEDAR treat these personnel—to

is This become ill. CLOET LINING reportedtional Mentalin a recentHealthreportCommittee.of the NaIn- morewho aretrainedor will

telligent concern should be expressed excellent. But how avoid it?

at the findings, for we are all becoming It may be an eloquent commentary

Now...-.you can have the beauty aware of the dimensions of both physion our times to note that our society

and protection of cedar lined cal and mental health. We all want often seems less concerned with preclosets—easily, quickly and econto be healthy. We are all aware, to vention than cure. Research into

omically. Anyone who can drive some extent, that complete health has therapeutics and remedies for unhealth

a nail can install Brown's Superits basis in a healthy, physical organis of course not unrelated to prevention.

directly Nails cedar. to open body. human not concern with can maintain ism—the we or studding over old and wood If estimated ten an million in people attifrontal also develop a Butcure—and in plaster. Line closet your any

States in sixteen) suffer United (one prevention avoidance tude towards and in the..build house. "cedar a room"

if illness, of from some mental form of exist? they attic or your save basement and pitfalls—if

in is every patients one hospital two costs. outclean, storage on The has Organization Health The World

if sufferer, a such in every eight one clothes smell doors aroma makes state of as defined complete health "a for service military examined fresh men good! was and has Supercedar physical, social wellbeing, mental, and

oil availrejected content, of all cedar discharges percent 46 and 1 00% of disease the absence not merely and in able easyto-use sealpacked this II) on ground made (World War or infirmity."as defined Health, such foot 8 bundles, tongue 4 and and to need understand the about we more

all here, to as should "run we instalfor fast, airtight like—so grooved problem.

faint, to not weary, not and be and walk to lation. Plan the enjoy now this In of age groups type does what treasures of to and have knowledge of Supercedar! luxury

illness prevail?

treasures."89: even (See hidden & C D

all state to admissions menOf new for of 1920.) are words These wisdom

it tal that: hospitals is reported upuk>HmdJL at (mdahk seek in these to to the wise employ

1. Less than 1 percent are under 15 times—words of wisdom for the body,

years of age. for the mind, and for the spirit. Though

2. About 16 percent range from 15 to apparent, they are not easily found and

29. used, as the statistics in the nation's

MORRISONMERRILL and3. 59.About 45 percent are between 30 mentalrelax underhealthtension?demonstrate.How toHowreduceto

&CO. Schizophrenia4. About 38 percentand manicdepressiveare over 60. Leibman'stensions? HowPeacecopeof Mindwith them?has beenJoshuaone

Building Material Distributors psychoses predominate in the 1544 age of the national best sellers in recent group. Alcoholic and involution psyyears. It is commonly assumed that

1 choses become important between 40 (Concluded on page 529) 482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOUR GREAT ROOKS!

FOR MIA SPECIAL INTEREST 195657:

1. DOCTRINES OF SALVATION, Vol. II

Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fielding Smith

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

With rare insight, one of the foremost scriptorians of the Church discusses little known facts concerning celestial marriage, the degrees of glory, salvation for the dead, the resurrection and exaltation. Answers

many doctrinal questions. A best seller among Church

books. $3.00

FOR RELIEF SOCIETY SOCIAL SCIENCE 1 95657:

2. HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH

By his mother, Lucy Mack Smith

Here is an intimate look into the inspired life of the beloved Prophet Joseph. It is packed with rich and

exciting historical truths and detailed information as dictated by Lucy Mack Smith in 1845 and edited for modern reading by Preston Nibley. A valuable addition to your library. $3.00

FOR GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH CLASSES:

3. GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH IN ENGLAND

AND WALES By Frank Smith and David E. Gardner

Here's the first of three important volumes that is a must for everyone interested in Genealogical Research in England and Wales. The authors have had over 30

years specialized experience delving into the old original records in these two lands. Volume I contains 18

informative chapters, 300 pages, 60 illustrations. This

book could well contain the key which will open the lock to records of your lost generations. $3.00

FOR EVERY TEACHER IN THE CHURCH:

4. OUR PROPHETS AND PRINCIPLES

Here's a powerful new book which every Latterday

Saint should read. Published by "The Instructor,"this

important volume sparkles with inspirational biographies of ancient prophets and each and every one of our modern prophets since the restoration. Also contains enlightening discussions of the Articles of Faith

by the First Presidency and a tribute to the Prophet

Joseph from each of the 8 succeeding Church Presidents. $2.50

5. ASSORTED GEMS OF PRICELESS VALUE

By N. B. Lundwall

Reprinted by popular demand. $3.00

BOOKCRAFT July 1956 Order by mail or thru 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah your local Bookcraft dealer... Please send the following circled books:

3 4 5 12 for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ).

Name

Address BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

1186 SOUTH MAIN

JULY 1956 483 \JtHcial \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jhe (church of

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- Editors: F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT DURHAM C-cover Uhe - G. HOMER- R. FRANKLINContributing HARRIS, NIBLEY MILTON HUNTER HUGH

- - B. B. LEE A. PALMERS. SIDNEY SPERRY CLAUDEJR. -PETERSEN General Manager: R. Manager: CURTIS ELBERT S. REEDER BERTHA

pioneering epics that are Business F. Manager: Among the SCOTT VERLAssociate

Subscription Director: SNARR A. GLEN

Regional Advertising Representative: THAYER EVANS asettlementcredit toof thethe LatterdaySan Juan, inSaintssoutheasternis the

Utah. After months of backbreaking

preparation, the first twentysix wagons were let down "Holein-theRock"and

The Editor's Page ferried26, 1880.acrossThetheriverColoradocan beRiver,seen Januaryas the

small triangle in the center of our cover.

The Handcarts President David O. McKay 493 TheWillardcolorLuce.photography is the work of

Church Features

Question: Your Second The Death President Joseph Fielding Smith 494 EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreet OFFICES President Fielding Joseph Smith

St. Offices, 50 Y.M.M.I.A. Main North of the 495 Twelve Tribute the Council from—

Offices, St. 40 Y.W.M.I.A. North Main

the Course: Jesus If Your Wish Could Come MIA Reading True—16, Salt Lake City Utah

Christ L. Green 496 Doyle

by Funds, Inc., 1956 Mutual and Copyright There Were Jaredites—The Babylonian Background—I..Hugh Nibley 509 the Assopublished by Improvement Mutual

Two Members Appointed to YWMIA Melchizedek Priesthood 528 ciationsterday ofSaints.the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.Christ of SubLat-

General Board 488 Presiding Bishopric's Page 530 scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance

Church Moves On 486 foreign25c singlesubscriptions,copy. $3.00 a year, in advance

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of postage provided

Special Features forthorizedin sectionJuly 2,1103.1918.Act of October 1917, auThe Improvement Era is not responsible for

unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conac- for paid are tributions. Manuscripts on Strength Desert is M. Freckleton John In the

at and of must word the rate a 499 ceptance lVac '56.Gustive of O. Larson 500 Handcarts The for sufficient postage by be accompanied

Missionary Spirit Dominates Era Campaign A. Glen Snarr 506 delivery and return.

I Am An American Louise Parnell 508 Change of Address

The Spoken Word from Temple Square..Richard L. Evans 518, 522, 540 Thirty days'notice required for change of

address. When ordering a change, please inExploring the Universe, Franklin S. Homer Durham 482 clude address slip from a recent issue of

changes cannot be Address magazine. 481 Bookrack 520 Harris, Jr On the as well as the old unless address themade the new 544 Page Your and Ours Mental Health, G. Times, These included. one is

Today's Family Building a Food Storage Room, Two Paths through the Valley,

Allie Howe 532 Ellen Sutherland 541

A World of Wonder, Gertrude Personal Quality, O. A. Kearney 543 National Advertising Representatives

Cramer Williams 536 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

110 Sutter St.

Stories, Poetry EDWARDSan S.Francisco,TOWNSENDCaliforniaCOMPANY

672 Lafayette Park Place Los Angeles 57, California Frontispiece, "Hurrah, Hurrah, for the Handcarts!"SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Madison Ave. 490, 491 C. Josephson Marba

17, York N. Y.

...Yvonne Child Hiss 503 New342 (first of two parts) The Family's Night Home—DAVIS SONS &

Lucretia Shopping, Penny Poetry Page 492 Two 518 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt. Nielin the Chapel, Child Remelda Of Life and Faith, John W. Fitzgerald 498 sen Gibson 526

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COOL! QUICK! No Baking or Cooking!

1 3-oz. package lemon gelatin

% cup hot water Va cup sugar 1 cup undiluted Morning Milk juice Va lemon cup

1 grated teaspoon new "ILeirnioini Whirr Pie 9-inch Honey Bee graham crust* made with lemon rind

is stir until dissolved. gelatin Cool untilbetter - blending Morning Milk Mix gelatin, hot water and sugar together; thickened 2530 to syrup texture (about

tray until ator around edges crystals form stiff until tray minutes). and Honey Bee Grahams! ofminutes). Chill Morning Milk in refriger- (1520 Whip

(about 1 minute); add lemon juice. Continue whipping until very stiff. Mix whipCOOL 'N QUICK, our new Lemon Whirl Pie will pedtogether.MorningPourMilk,intogelatincrumbandcrust.lemon Chillrind

about 1 hour or until firm. Top with rebe your favorite summertime dessert! So "lemony"- maining crumbs.

flavored, so creamywhipped, so crunchycrusted! *FOR HONEY BEE GRAHAM CRUST: Mix V/z

cups Honey Bee graham crumbs, Va cup

The secret of the "nobake"crust is Honey Bee meltedgether. butterLine sidesand and2 tablespoonsbottom of sugara 9-inchtograhams. You'll love the crispy texture and golden pie plate, saving y$ cup crumbs for pie

topping. graham flavor! The secret of the "nocook"filling

is betterblending Morning Milk. It whips quickly

and easily—blends smoothly with the fruit gelatin

to bring out the full lemon tang—and costs only

1/6 as much as expensive whipping cream! Has our

new Lemon Whirl Pie made your mouth water?

Here's the recipe—now go to it!

No cooking or baking! Only betterblending

Morning Milk and Honey Bee grahams can make it so good!

JULY 1956 485 before you buy a water heater, Edna Leaver Karin I. Aronson

TWO NEW MEMBERS OF

YWMIA GENERAE ROARD

Twoappointedadditionalto themembersgeneralhaveboardbeenof the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association. They are

Karin I. Aronson and Edna Leaver.

Miss Aronson, a native of Ettington, Saskatchewan, Canada, is a convert to the Church, having been baptized by missionaries laboring in

Moose Jaw, Sask., May 20, 1945.

Prior to and after joining the Church she had been active in the Canadian re's a lot more Boy Scout movement. In 1947 she

than price to consider came to Salt Lake City to live. A

when you buy a water heater. year later she obtained her permanent

immigration visa. In the East

Fowler water heaters have stood the test of time. Twentyseventh Ward, Ensign Stake,

For nearly half a century they have delivered she was first appointed teacher of the dependable water heating service at lowest cost. first year Bee Hive girls, and later

By being the first to offer glasslining, Fowler ward activity counselor and then water heaters have proved conclusively that durstake activity counselor. At this point

able porcelain... bondedto-steel inside the tank she was honored by a call to serve

... prevents rust and corrosion. Fowler water in the Danish Mission. Since returnheaters with glasslining consistently outlast ing last August she has been M Men

other makes and Gleaner class leader.

In addition to glasslining, Fowler has safe Her first assignment with the gen- "black heat"elements, triple insulation against eral board is to the Mia Maid committee.

heat loss, external adjustable temperature controls for top operating efficiency. Miss Edna Leaver has served as age

counselor, group Hive, Bee and GleanFowler glasslined electric water heaters are of the er leader Fifth Ogden (Utah) backed by the manufacturer's 20year warranty. Ward, and as secretary of YWMIA

See Fowler Whatever your requirements, there's a Fowler in the Wafkiki (Hawaii) Ward. At

at your dealer's soon, water heater to meet your needs. For only a few the time of her appointment to the

or write dollars more than the cost of an ordinary water general board she was president of the factory for heater, you can buy this better Fowler and be sure the North Thirteenth Ward YWMIA.

full details. of satisfying service for many years to come. Formerly she had served as president

of YWMIA in the Twenty -first Ward.

She is a native of Salt Lake City and was graduated from the University of

Utah. Her Mutual assignments have

ELECTRIC included various activities including speech director. GLASSLINED AND GAS WATER

Her first assignment with the genDISTRIBUTED BY: FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. 316SALTWestLAKE2ndCITY,SouthUTAHStreet mittee.eral board is to the Bee Hive com486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

oA New book by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Kim) James Kcrstoii

SHOULD IT BE ABANDONED FOR SUBPresident Clark, in this new book, gives the

STITUTES? views of the best scholars and authorities on

SHOULD PREJUDICE OVERRULE FAITH? the King James Version of the Bible, and why

SHOULD DOUBTS OF SCHOLARS SUPthis version is accepted by the LDS Church.

PLANT REVELATION FROM GOD? This new book is written in a masterful, yet

SHOULD "HIGHER CRITICISM'CROWD easyto-read style, and contains information

OUT DIVINE WISDOM? vital to every Latterday Saint. $4.75

YOUTH, LOVE AND MARRIAGEHome Memories MmL Dr. Rex A. Skidmore OF PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY An excellent guide for those who seek information

Compiled and Written by onadequatedevelopingpreparationfriendships,for a dating,successfulcourtship,marriage.and

Llewelyn R. McKay $2.75

An intimate portrait is sketched of the THE FAITH OF OUR PIONEER FATHERS

First Family of the Church, describing Bryant S. Hinckley

the early boyhood and later mature Twentytwo thoughtful stories on early pioneer years of President McKay—his home leaders, all of them illustrated, some of them fold

in Huntsville, his parents, his love for for the very first time.., wonderful stories for

animals and people, and his experispeeches, lessongiving, or inspirational reading.

ences as a teacher and guide of $3.00

youth. Also included: the World Tour 6.

Diary of President McKay, poems he OUR PROPHETS AND PRINCIPLES has written, selections from his talks, Published by "The Instructor,"and tributes paid him. $3.75 Principles the Stmday School Magazine

Contains an enlightening discussion on the Articles of Faith by members of the First Presidency and

General Authorities, tributes to the Prophet Joseph

and modern prophets. $2.50 Ijm fe ifetom? Smith, and inspirational biographies on ancient

From the Addresses of i TEMPLE THE TEMPLE LETTERS UPPERS Claude Richards

President This new book offers a sound education in the

Stephen L Richards history of Templa work, the reason behind it, and the necessity for it. This book also contains beautiful fullpage photographs of all the L.D.S. TemThis collection of addresses and exples. $2.75

cerpts from speeches given by President Richards captures the essence of the author's spirit and brings to the 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTempleCOMPANY reader a keen sense of the meaning Salt Lake City, Utah and purpose behind the leaders and Gentlemen:

doctrine of the LDS Church. $3.50 Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge

to my account for the (encircled) numbered books: 12 3 4

5 6 7. Amount enclosed $

Mllli flut-:'tj.., i Mm ii i Name

Address DGSOTttiilBooh to.

44 East South Temple—Salt Lake City, Utah City Zone State..

WMjtflfWjJvyKi;n*f??>. i Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

JULY 1956 487 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

the Granite and Sugar House Stakes, crest Ward for six and onehalf years

April 1956 and a member of the stake presidency. before his call to the Church welfare

Mrs. Oscarson will accompany him to committee. Mrs. Love (a sister of Elder

K President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., fulfil this call to the mission field. Rulon J. Sperry recently appointed presiof the First Presidency dedicated The First Presidency announced the dent of the Netherlands Mission) will

the chapel of the Woodland Ward, appointment of Elder Rulon J. Sperry, accompany him to his new field of labor.

South Summit (Utah) Stake. patriarch of the Hillside (Salt Lake

Elder Joseph R. Ison sustained as City) Stake to preside in the NetherSpecial programs at Sacrament

president of the Nampa (Idaho) Stake, lands Mission, succeeding President meetings noted the 127th anniwith Elders David G. Hurren and RobDonovan H. Van Dam. President versary of the restoration of the Aaronic

ert E. Lee as his counselors. They sucSperry filled a mission in the NetherPriesthood.

ceed President Leon H. Swenson and lands from 1915 to 1919. His Church Mothers were honored on Mother's

his counselors, Elders Eldon H. Yorgaactivities include terms as superintendent Day by the Sunday Schools of the

son and Leon K. Hales. of Sunday School and MIA, stake suChurch.

Elder Sterling Sill, Assistant to the of perintendent in the Highland W. MIA Teerlink, formerly Elder Nicholas J.

of theCouncil Twelve, dedicated the ten years Stake, and for he served as first as counselor, sustained was chapel of the Scottsbluff (Nebraska) bishop of the Wasatch Ward, and has dent of the Wells (Salt Lake City)presiBranch, Western States Mission. also been a member of the high council Stake, succeeding President Fred W.

Stake. Hillside in Mrs. Sperry will are counselors His acSchwendiman.

assignthis mission on company | fi Regular endowment sessions behim Elders Clarence E. Schank and Fred

gan in the Los Angeles Temple. ment. She has served on the general A. H. Rohlfing. Elder Schank served

Previously, on April 14, there had been board of the Deseret Sunday School as second counselor to President Schwenone session for specially invited Church Union for twentytwo years. diman.

people.

Sill, Sterling Assistant W. Fourth 2 Q Elder Beach Long won the Ward

to the of the Council The Appointment of Karin I. Twelve, J senior division of the AllChurch

Aronson and Edna Leaver to memdedicated the branch chapel at Nuturita, volleyball tournament held in Salt Lake bership on the general board of the Colorado, Western States Mission. City. Their fellow stake members from

Mutual ImprovementYoung Women's California, Long Beach First Ward, won

Association was announced.

junior volleydivision AllChurch May 1956 the ball tournament. Placing in the finals

susKirton, Jr., Wilford Elder9 9 W. of the thirtytwo senior tournateam President set David O. McKay as of tained president the Univer- 9 First Clearfield were ment North Ward, Elder Octave apart Ursenbach W.sity (Salt Stake, succeeding City) Lake

Stake, Davis (Utah) Valley second; as president of the at Alberta Temple PresidentPresident Quayle Ward. J. Stake, Wilford Ward, View (Utah) Cardston. President Ursenbach, aKirton's counselors are Elder Lemonte consolation, First and Mesa Ward, of prominent businessman Lethbridge, as servedPeterson, counselor second who Stake, (Arizona) Maricopa sportsmanis Alberta, a former of president LethOscar Elder Presidentwith and Ward, ship. Placing in the sixteenteam junior bridge Stake, president former of the L. Merritt Elder PoulJr. McConkie,W. tournament Thirtythird were North Mission, Canadian former bishop and first toson, counselor President Ward,

(Salt Bonneville Ward, City) Lake of Lethbridge Presisucceeds Ward. He released. alsowas Stake, second; Henefer Ward, Summit dent L. last Willard died Smith who to B. Assistant Brown, Elder Hugh Stake, (Utah) consolation; Logan and December. of the dedicatedthe Council Twelve, Fourteenth Stake, Logan (Utah) Ward,

chapelthe of the Lone Pine, California 9 The First Presidency announced sportsmanship. Mission. CaliforniaBranch,

the appointment of Elder J. Leon-

9 K Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant ard Love, a member of the Church President David O. McKay dedito the Council of the Twelve, welfare committee, as president of the cated the chapel of the San Rafael

dedicated the chapel of the Gila Bend, Northern California Mission, succeedWard, San Francisco (California) Stake.

Arizona, Branch, California Mission. ing President Thomas W. Gardner. Elder Ezra J. Nixon, formerly second

President Love has a long service reccounselor in the Roosevelt (Utah) Stake 28 theTheappointmentFirst Presidencyof PresidentannouncedHarry ordsionaryin Churchin the Netherlandswork. He wasMissiona misat presidency,stake, with sustainedElders Paulas presidentMurphyof thatand

T. Oscarson of the Sugar House (Salt the outbreak of World War I but was Dwaine Buchanan as counselors. PresiLake City) Stake to preside in the transferred to the United States where dent Hollis G. Hullinger and his first

Swedish Mission, succeeding President he completed his mission in Michigan. counselor, Elder Clifford E. Drollinger,

Eben R. T Blomquist. President OscarHe has been a member of the superinwere released.

son, who is also chairman of the Sugar tendency of the MIA and a member of Elder William B. Wallis sustained as

House region of the Church welfare the Sunday School board in the Piopresident of the Uintah (Utah) Stake, program, has a long record of Church neer (Salt Lake City) Stake, and a with Elders C. Laurence Fos and Frankservice including assistant ward clerk, member of the high council of both the lin R. Walker as counselors, succeeding

ward clerk, second counselor in the Pioneer and Bonneville (Salt Lake City) President Archie Johnson and his counbishopric, and bishop of the Richards stakes; he has served in the Yale Ward selors, Elders Jesse A. Haws and Lynn

Ward; member of the high council of bishopric and was bishop of the Yale- N. Murdock.

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 88:118 "Seek Ye Out of the Best Booh Words of Wisdom"-D & C

Become a Member of the L D S BOOKS CLUB with your purchase of THE CH* il w m.

JESUS THE GHRIST by Dr. James E. Talmage

MIA Reading Course Book for 195657, 195758

Here is a book you will want to read from and study weekly for the next two years. It is so valuable a volume that it has been selected by the MIA organizations as a reading course book for 195657, 195758. It is a study of the Messiah

and his mission according to holy scriptures, both ancient and modern. $3.00

in the L D S BOOKS CLUB will help enable HOW THE CLUB Your membership

PLAN WORKS you to increase your knowledge of the gospel, assist you in building your testimony, and give you these added advantages:

1. You join the club by ordering the book

"Jesus The Christ"or one of the four alterSAVINGS nates described below. You may order two of about 20% thru a free bonus book plan.

or more of the books if you desire. Fill out

the coupon along and mail with your check or CONVENIENCEof books delivered to your door. order. (C.O.U.money orders are accepted

U. S. orfrom possessions.)

Your selection will METHODICALbe mailed to immediately. you way of adding to your library.

2. Each after month a you become member

will in receive mailyou of the several BEST reviews as they comeNEWfrom theLDSpress. BOOKS

books, carefully selected, with one named as of thethe book month.

ceive the top book you do Ifnothing—you wishit willto rebe OLDERsuch as the oneLDSabove. CLASSICS

sent to you in the mail, postpaid, along with a statement. If you do not want the book, CAREFUL SELECTION

you return the post card provided for an of ALL books recommended.

alternate choice (or none at all).

3. After you have purchased four books, a

fifth will be sent you FREE. You select this

bonus book from a long list of choice Church books which will be provided.

4. You need order only four books during

the year, but you may order one or more each month, if you desire.

ALTERNATE SELECTIONS Books Club

Doctrine and Covenants Commentary, by

Joseph Fielding Smith and others. A revised FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW

edition of a very useful aid in studying this important book. Completely indexed. $4.00 LOS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

Gentlemen: Gospel Ideals, Selections from the Writings Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the current selection, Jesus Christ, the alternate(s) indicated The or/and below. I understand that I of Presidentand Sermons David O. McKay,

will receive a free four selections with book each I buy. bonus

covering half the period of over a century.

PubJished by The Improvement Era. $4.00 NAME

Brigham Young, The Man and His Work, by ADDRESS

Preston Nibley. Here is the intimate life story CITY AND STATE

of this great colonizer and leader, with stress Amount of Check or Money Order enclosed $ Please send C.O.D. [J.

on his teachings from letters and sermons. (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

$3.00 Please send Jesus the Christ—$3.00

- - ALTERNATES Book of Mormon Stories for Young LatterPlease Send: Gospel

Saints, Petersen.day Ideals $4.00 by The wonEmma Marr and Covenants Commentary D Doctrine

faithderful, stories promoting the Book from Brigham Young, and His the Man $4.00 n BookLatterdayof MormonSaints Stories For Young $3.00

of Mormon told in a readable style that chilWorks $3.00

dren enjoy. $3.00 If you do not wish to mutilate this page, tend information required on a separate sheet.

JULY 1956 489 (Top) A reproduction of a painting by C. C. A.

Christensen, a member of the handcart company. The picture now hangs in

the Church Historian's Office. (Below)

Reproduction of a painting by W. H.

Jackson. Devil's

Gate is in the background.

Uga&fc

JTViwak, Tuafi

w-1,, M#'$$i

ror the JrandcaU

no Seven Cities of Cibola, no hardships could stay them; no discouragementN.O EL DORADO,

no Fountain of Youth lured these handcart pioneers could stop them.

who importuned President Brigham Young that they Over the barren desert they walked, shoes finally might walk to Zion. No Midas'gold awaited them disintegrating in the trackless wastes, clothes wearing

at the end of the thousand mile journey on foot; out under the stinging sands, the pitiless sun, and

not even the dream of better homes beckoned them the bitter frosts; but their spirits never faltered.

on their desolate trek. But the ideal of the newly They were sustained by the buoyancy of their ideals

restored gospel, the testimony of the martyred and the song that encouraged them:

Prophet and Patriarch, the practical application of "For some must push and some must pull, the religious principles impelled these Saints, unAs we go marching up the hill:

seasoned in the manner of travel on the rugged So merrily on the way we go plains, to undertake the arduous journey. Until we reach the valley, Oh!"

too great that was out rang no disaster song The the verthey northern Europe From came—from destination: their ultimate vision the of to cloud rolling hills treecovered mountains, of dure and

from the lands of plentiful rain and mild sun, from the Zion of the latter days. Old socks, soled with

the lands of welltraveled roads. And then came to canvas, kept out most of the cacti thorns, pro-

a barren land, bereft of trees and shrubs, of grass tected from the razorlike rocks. Clothes, even the

and flowers, a land of unbroken mountain trails, same worn in the daytime, protected during the of blistering heat and of biting cold. But they came! bitter snowy nights. Saddlebags were boiled and

The spirit of "gathering"was strong upon them; the liquid used to maintain the ebbing strength of

the Saints; food was rationed to the last ounce to

plains, "This Thewas Improvementthe ringing Era,cry volumeas the 12,handcartpart 2, companiespp. 720723.marched across the preserve their lagging energy.

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Even after the hard march of the day, songs were band, a company of lancers, and led by President sung to the accompaniment of the hammers and the Young, Heber C. Kimball, General Daniel H. Wells,

saws that repaired the frail carts on which all the and others from the valley.

worldly possessions of the immigrants were carried. These were the first handcart companies who

The clank of tools on axles was punctuated by the came. Desperate as had been their advance across

music of the cornet that played loved tunes and the wastes and seemingly unassailable mountains, served to summon all to morning and evening there were others whose trek was even worse. So

prayers. When the handcarts could no longer be great was their suffering, so hazardous their march,

mended, without a murmur these stalwart Saints so devastating their losses that at October conferredistributed their already scanty loads, even burnence President Young openly cried when he deing needed bedding and clothing to assure that they scribed their sufferings and asked for volunteers to could reach the valley. go to their rescue.

Fear of the unknown must ever have tugged Words are feeble instruments measured against at their hearts: the wail of the coyote, never heard their devotion to the gospel they espoused; little

in their gentler homelands, the rush of the maraudcan emphasize the ideals that impelled them oning Indians who stole cattle and oxen albeit they did ward. In song, in story, in marble, in bronze, in

the injure pioneersnot oils, try rather to honor we the bowed them—but the landof they must themselves,conquer—allthetheseharshnessmust the to follow their head, than solemn example vow

have pulled at their hearts and minds; but they did the noisy accolade—these are the only true tributesnot falter; their faith carried them forward against

that Latterday Saints can pay to these handcartall fears, over all obstacles.

Small wonder that President Brigham Young led a pioneers of 1856. From their example we can gain

company to meet the first of these stalwarts as they aradded courage to live that we in turn may inspire rived in Emigration Canyon after their threemonths'others to a like integrity and devotion to the Church.

journey from Iowa City to Salt Lake Valley. How Then and then only will they not have lived in

joyful must have been the last stretch to the center vain; then and then only will these longdead pioof Zion encouraged by Captain William Pitt's brass neers arise to call us blessed.

by Marba C. Josepbson

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

Two views of the statue of the handcart pioneers in Temple Square. The sculpture is the work of

Torleif S. Knaphus.

JULY 1956 3g

THEY CAME WITH FAITH SALT LAKE CITY TO MY CHILDREN

By Mabel Jones Gahbott By Catherine E. Berry By Donna Mae Bacon

There are no barriers where simple faith rPHis is the place—this wide plateau that "you are the dreams I dreamed about,

Impels a people; the pioneers could cope * lies * My hopes and longings, too.

With pillaged homes and burnings, despair With greening breast and rimmed by peaks The success I always hoped to have and death; that rise Has all turned into you!

Mountains miraculously harbored hope With sturdy walls and solemn majesty

For these, hounded by mobs; the unknown Against the wide blue heavens—here can be You are the oceans I longed to -cross,

plains A home for wanderers, a quiet place The trips I planned to take.

That reached across the vast unfettered To worship God, to build upon this face You are the lovely things I'd buy land Of earth that holds the riches of God's With money I thought I'd make!

To towering peaks silvered by summer rains hand,

Had less of fear than safety near at hand; A better way of life, where temples stand You are the jewels which adorn my life

In close community with homes that hold And all my antiques rare;

And nothing was impossible, it seems; The steadfast hearts God gathered in this You are my palaces of silver and gold,

Shoulder to honest shoulder they fought it fold. My castles in the air.

through; They harnessed canyon coolness for parched This is the place—when in the long ago

dry clods; Those words were spoken here, that all

They conquered crickets, drouth, and wicked might know THE PASSWORD schemes; God's promise was fulfilled—so now today

They set His kingdom in the valley true A city stands with all its vast display By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

And strong, because they came with faith Of homes and industries and beauty's gleam, in God. A monument to those who held a dream. W7hether the city be Eastern or Western,

** What does it matter where I shall reside?

Whether the city be Northern or Southern

What shall it matter, if joy shall betide?

it rural? does or matter if urban WHEELS OF PROGRESS What

it place of the matter home? What does my

By Grace Barker Wilson What does it matter if love is the password,

Mine to be cherished, wherever I roam?

W/hen lately I surveyed an open tract "of untitled prairie land, I a broken upon came wagon wheel FLEETING in the buriedHalf sand.

No wheel of modern manufacture, this By Jane Merchant

AWhenrelic coveredof past Conastogayears caravans CJometimes I have spontaneously revealedCrossed wide frontiers. To friends, assured of understanding,

some desire that I had long concealedNo doubt the wagon train continued on Hal Rumel Photo Intense

And reached a rest well earned. Or quoted certain phrases that had come

One wheel was broken and discarded, yet JOSHUA TREES To light my way through passages of darkThe wheels of progress turned. Bewilderment—in eagerness to share;

By Louise Darcy And then my friend's unthinking, light remark HPhese creamy blossoms with pale beauty Has left me shivering in an alien air.

* stand, And doubtless I, unknowingly, give much

DESERT IN BLOOM AGreatlandmarkJoshua intrees,the desert,guide totoweringthe promisedheight, YetThe when,same dismayfor fleetingto thosemoments,who trusttwo inheartsme;

Bertha Wilcox Smith Anotherland,Zion on a western site, Withouttouchreserve, in perfect sympathy, retreat, in shy, each alarmed defense They the came land. Mormons newer Onward A is of fabric the pliant; desert notThe their innate, intrinsic reticence. Of lily bloomed; the to garden cousin Where

is of bristling spine harsh, growth * The their flowers they Bible gave pages From severe; name,

is its of posture trees strange, unyieldThe whitely loomed that loveliness clustered A ing; arid SMALL waste BROTHER the country; through barren In

its those prodigalBut unfolding view who day, by dedicated went day band The of the mellowness, awareBecome more Alletta Eleanor By Chaffee taste, to there petaled splendor Cherishing of inAppealing moisture, a land meager the living guideposts on branches, Green relentless earth, rock, ribbedOf cracking to read remember him [ must way, sky, * at eight. A fairy for those the wilderness who Marking

ofAgainst the the graygreen about world is the they taken What talenews—havesurely knew

them, faith finds hallowed beauty in each The Ridge again—or will they wait? That

Pale yucca candles waver in the wind; view.

The palo verde shakes out golden petals I must remember to make him

To lay a shadow pattern on the sand; The cake with pink icing tonight.

Intrepid stalks of ocotillo toss DESERT SCENE What are the headlines—our bombers—

Gay, scarlet tassels on the amber air; Are they back from their mission tonight?

Each plant has garnered food and stored By William Allen Ward it deep I must remember to tell him

Within the hostile thorn, the branch, the i t night the desert moon His prayers for his brother are heard.

root * Is a pirate ship of old, Why am I reading this over again

Against the day the desert comes in flower Riding a stormtorn sea When my heart knows each sentence, each

Its tender moment—its high, sentient hour. In search of hidden gold. word?

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (<>3V?\3JJJ>N>X

JheEditors Page

by President David O. McKay

ANDCARTS

of the centennial rescued noble they were is the summer by understanding folk who This experiment handcart pioneer out to immimeet them. in Church came

gration. Our Church histories record that ten In 1922, that same son, his hair then white, and

such companies, with a total of approximately with a flowing white beard, accompanied Sister three thousand souls, made the trek across plain McKay and me to Europe, to be a missionary!

and mountain between the years 1856 and 1860. He was over seventy years of age. He related

Two of these companies started their journey too this story of the handcart company to us; then

late in the season and were caught in the early he told us how he had said goodbye to his mother storms. before leaving for his mission. I am going to

Often, in recounting experiences of pioneer use his words as I remember them:

hardships, the man receives the plaudits of the "Before I left Salt Lake City a few days ago I multitudes, and he is praised for his successes, went to say goodbye to my mother. She was

when in reality he owes his success to the quiet in a rocking chair. I said, 'Mother, I have come

little woman who urged him on in the face of to say goodbye to you; I am going on a mission.'

disaster, who hid her own sorrows and fears deep As she started to rise, I offered to help her, but in her breast, and urged him on, saying, "Win; she resented it, as every elderly man or woman

you can, you must, you will."does.

Such were the men of the handcart companies. "She faced me and said, 'Well, my boy

They risked all; they had risked life and every- [seventytwo years old!], you are going on a

thing they had and were willing to endure any mission.'

hardship for their knowledge of the restored gos- "'Yes, Mother. Have you anything to say?'

I "'Yes, have just this to say to you: Always pel. side their by wives were But walked who "

priesthood.'the honor step every of the the long, journey; hard on way

mothers carrying their babes. Her faith paid dividends in service throughout

I recall the story of one pioneer woman. Her all the long life that had been given her. Her

family were members of one of the late comson, too, knew the value of that faith.

panies of 1856: They pulled their handcarts with W/hat was the purpose of such pioneer men

men and women ofttimes harnessed as beasts of "and women? What was their motive? As a

burden. One morning, thirteen persons were prominent non -Latterday Saint educator once

placed in one common grave before the journey summed it up: "Not for all the gold in Caliwas resumed. Standing beside that open grave fornia, but that they might worship God accordwas the widow of a man who was one of the ing to the dictates of their conscience."Such was

thirteen. Clutching at her skirts was a little boy their motive—to build the Church and to revere

named John, burying his face in her dress to hide the principles revealed and restored to mankind.

his tears. After the brief services the company What a heritage that we of the Church have

moved on. The newly widowed mother and her been given by the pioneers of 1847, these handcart

small son trudged over the plains. pioneers about a decade later, and the other pioThere is a story worthy the artist's brush; there neers whom we honor equally this month. And

is a story to inspire the poet's pen. They reached what a responsibility we have to pass this possestheir destination, the Salt Lake Valley, because sion on untarnished!

rtt-w*-

JULY 1956 493 by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OP THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Second Death

Pjjf. "In teaching the theology class in Relief be privileged to come back to dwell in the presence of

Society a question arose on which we the Father and the Son. These receive banishment from

would like to receive the answer if possible. I do want their presence, but not entirely do they get beyond the

to teach only that which is true. The question is on the divine benediction.

fourteenth chapter of Helaman and centered particularly The Lord said in the Sermon on the Mount:

in the 17th and 18th verses where Samuel says: "Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and

"'But behold, the resurrection of Christ redeemeth broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many mankind, yea, even all mankind, and hringeth them back there be which go in thereat:

into the presence of the Lord. "Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way,

"'Yea, and it hringeth to pass the condition of rewhich leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it."1

pentance, that whosoever repenteth the same is not hewn The Lord has given us a definition of spiritual death2 down and cast into the fire; but whosoever repenteth which was pronounced upon Adam and Eve after their

not is hewn down and cast into the fire; and there transgression. This second spiritual death is partaken of

cometh upon them again a spiritual death, yea, a second by every soul who has not repented of his sins and obdeath, for they are cut off again as to things pertaining tained a remission by baptism in water, and the baptism to righteousness.'of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands. Of these

"Now on first reading, this conveys the idea that the Lord said:

Samuel is referring to sons of perdition, and, following "And thus did I, the Lord God, appoint unto man the the cross reference to Alma 12:16, we get the same imdays of his probation—that by his natural death he might

pression that the second death is an everlasting death as be raised in immortality unto eternal life, even as many to things pertaining unto righteousness. Also in Jacob as would believe;

3:11, 'O my brethren, hearken unto my word; arouse the "And they that believe not unto eternal damnation;

for be they cannot redeemed from their spiritual fall, yourselves shake awake your soul;faculties that ye may of 3 not;"repent they because the loose yourselves slumber from andfrom the of death;

The time will come when "every knee shall bow topains of hell that ye may not become angels to the devil, to shall every that tongue confess and Jesus God,"cast intoto be that lake of fire and brimstone which is me, of in are Christ, a place is the worthy 4 and any all who death.'the second

"Our stake leaders explained that this second death, or of the kingdoms of glory will have to learn to be obedient spiritual death, meant anyone who did not attain the to the divine laws by which they will be governed. All

to devil refuse the angels will have go with and his whocelestial kingdom; in other words, anyone who did not

of will perdition. into those This be group composed

receive Father. the presence once again God the of Now light of the testimony a have had and have known who

telestial terrestrial to thewith this idea go and all who light against the truth the sinned have beyond and who as well as sons of perdition, suffer the second death. Or the power of repentance.

were these people spoken of by Alma, Jacob, and Samuel "Having denied the Holy Spirit after having received so wicked and of such a murderous nature that they were it, and having denied the Only Begotten Son of the about to fall under the same curse as the devil and his Father, having crucified him unto themselves and put angels?"him to an open shame.

"These are they who shall go away into the lake of

It is very clear in the Doctrine and Covefire and brimstone, with the devil and his angels 11 nants 76:3037, that the only persons who "And the only ones on whom the second death shall

will be completely overcome by this dreadful fate are the have any power;

sons of perdition, who go with the devil and his angels "Yea, verily, the only ones who shall not be redeemed into "outer darkness."All the rest of mankind, even the in the due time of the Lord, after the suffering of his

wicked, will receive some measure of salvation after they wrath."5

suffer the wrath of God. However, they will of neces- "Who glorifies the Father, and saves all the works of

sity be brought to repentance and acceptance of the his hands, except those sons of perdition who deny the gospel of Jesus Christ as far as it will apply to them. Son after the Father has revealed him.

They will not be given the ordinances which do not (Continued on page 542) pertain in their kingdoms. From the reading of other iMatt. 7:1314.

passages we discover that there will be great multitudes 2DsIbicL,& Cvs.29:4144.4344; italics added.

embracing the vast majority of mankind, who will never 4Romans5D & C 76:3538.14:11; italics added.

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -"##########################1

prophet, to "... be a 1841 calling the Lord gave a revelation n Smith January to the Church, Hyrum

.. a his brother].. and.. [to] a revelator act in concert and seer, and [Smith, also with Joseph

receive, and be crowned with the same blessing and glory, and honor, and priesthood, and gifts of the priesthood, that once were put upon... Oliver Cowdery."(D & C 124:9495.) He was promised,

furthermore,forever and ever."that his(Ibid.,name96.)should be had in "honorable remembrance from generation to generation,

How literally that promise has been fulfilled, not alone through his unexcelled devotion and haveloyaltyborneto truthhis name!whichHyrum'swon forson,himJosepha martyr'sF. Smith,crown,becamebutthealsosixththroughpresidentan ofillustriousthe Church.posterityToday,whohis

oldest living grandson, Joseph Fielding Smith, is the president of the Council of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. In an almost unbroken chain, the name of Hyrum

Smith has for 115 years been had in "honorable remembrance"in the presiding councils of the Church.

Such are the rewards of his sacrifice and loyalty to the Church and kingdom of God.

President Joseph Fielding Smith has inherited in rich measure the dauntless courage and the unswerving devotion to duty which have characterized the lives of his noble ancestors. For more

than fortysix years as a member of the Council of the Twelve he has been a fearless defender of the faith and an untiring preacher of the gospel of repentance. In his vigorous denunciation of the theories

of men which would negate the truths of the restored gospel, he has often drawn the criticisms of some of the exponents of the theories he has assailed, but seldom has he failed to win the admiration and p6 respect of his severest critics because of his scholarship and the consistency of his course, which is as un-I deviating as the stars of heaven. No one ever has had occasion to question where he stood on any

controversial issue.

We who labor in the Council of the Twelve under his leadership have occasion to glimpse the true nobility in his character. Daily we see continuing evidences of his understanding and thoughtful consideration of his fellow workers in making our assignments and in coordinating our efforts to the end

that the work of the Lord might move forward. We only wish that the entire Church could feel the

tenderness of his soul and his great concern over the welfare of the unfortunate and those in distress.

He loves all the saints and never ceases to pray for the sinner.

With remarkable discernment, he seems to have but two measures in arriving at final decisions.

What are the wishes of the First Presidency? Which is best for the kingdom of God? In his profound

da gospel writings and in his theological dissertations, he has given to his associates and to the Church a rich legacy which will immortalize his name among the faithful.

President Smith was born July 19, 1876, in Salt Lake City, Utah. It is our honor to join with his

remarkable family who have such a deep affection for him, and with the host of friends and admirers who love the truth, in extending to him on his eightieth birthday our affectionate regards and sincerest felicitations, and to declare to the world, as was said of his noble grandsire: "From age to age shall

posterity sanctified."as [a] (See ibid., 135:6.) gem for the [his] name go down to In Master, the true brotherhood of the

Members of the Council of the Twelve Apostles,

/Yyt*&?ts&,/(g**>L*i<-4**f

<*t*A0 QL*& q/Pdja

JULY 1956 495 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRIST-I

Wish Could Come True by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

Have you ever been in a large print eight inches thick, with 3,350 pages, shop? It is a most interesting eight and a half inches by twelve

place, with many machines and inches in size. In it six hundred

tools and gadgets and presses, and thousand different words and submuch paper and ink. In cabinets and jects are explained. To put the book

cases are thousands of tiny metal obtogether the publishers used twelve jects with letters and numbers and thousand pictures, many in color, and other characters on them. When words made up from sixty million

highlytrainedmen—typesetters,andmakeupexperiencedmen,workand letters.of expertsWhatworkeda project!years toHundredsproduce

apply their skills, it. pressmen—properly

they can produce a printed page such What would you say if you heard as the one you are now reading. this story? Many years ago, a man

When they put these pages together, seeking revenge for being fired from they make a magazine or a book. his job, placed a large time bomb in

To transform an idea from a per- a printing plant. When the missile

son's mind into a printed book is a went off in the middle of the night, long and highly technical process. it completely demolished the place.

First of all, of course, the idea has to Later, when the workmen were cleanbe written. Next comes careful editing up, they found in the rubble a

ing, to make sure that such things big book which had come about in as spelling and grammar are correct, some mysterious way purely as a reand all the commas and periods are sult of the explosion. Examining

in the right places. Then it is "set"it they found it to be an unabridged

on a machine which makes a "line dictionary. What an accident!

of type,"molded out of lead. Finally, Of course the whole idea is fanthese "lines of type,"along with tastic, completely impossible, and no

titles and illustrations, are put tonormal person would give the story gether as a page. After this goes a second thought. Such a thing just

through a number of other processes, could not happen.

it is finally printed, folded, trimmed, Now you may wonder what all this and bound. discussion of print shops and books

This procedure requires constant and bombs has to do with the subject checking and rechecking, reading of this article. There is a connection.

and rereading. After this article It was brought to our minds by the

was written, for example, it had some statement of a great man—a scientist

fifteen readings in copy and proof by—who said, recently, that it is just as

eight editors and proofreaders before reasonable to believe that the unit was ready, finally to be printed. abridged dictionary came into being

One of the largest and most interby an explosion in a print shop as it esting of all books is the unabridged is to think that the universe came dictionary. Do you remember when about by chance. What a compariyou first saw one of these big books? son! It was his way of expressing his

So large and impressive it was, it unquestionable belief in a Creator.

seemed that it required, and deserved, Many men have told of the marvels a separate stand to hold it. Next of the earth and of the universe as

time you have a chance, examine one we know it. Could all this possibly

carefully. The one in our office is have come about by chance? Donald

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA scholars, philosophers, historians, and learned churchmen. To read everything that has been written about

Jesus would in itself be a mammoth project.

Among books written by and for members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the scholarly work,

Jesus the Christ, by Dr. James E.

Talmage is a classic. It was written

on assignment of the presiding Authorities. First published by the Church

in September 1915, it has gone through fifteen editions with very few alterations, corrections, or additions.

Elder Talmage's book and these articles have been chosen as the reading course for the Mutual Improvement Associations for 195657, 195758.

There is no thought that the present writer can in any measure add to Dr.

Talmage's masterful work. The purpose of these articles is rather to attempt to present the story of our Lord

in a more simplified and perhaps in a more graphic way, with the hope that—Heinrich Hofmann itstoodwill bybe morethe youngeasily readpeopleand ofunderthe

Christ at Gethsemane. Church.

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of

the First Presidency, devoted, lifelong - AUTHOR'S NOTE student of the Savior, has kindly given permission for his book, Our Lord of

Co much has been written and spoken The Gospels, to be used as a guide in concerning our Lord and Savior, the preparation of certain phases of

Jesus the Christ, that it seems, at first this work.

glance, futile to attempt to contribute It is hoped that during these two more to the story. Our library shelves years, every member of the Church

are bulging with books—dozens upon will carefully and prayerfully read, dozens of them—which treat the life study, become well acquainted with,

and teachings of the Savior. Most of and learn to love, the story of the

these have been written by eminent Messiah and his teachings.

J

H. Menzell, director of the Harvard that the universe and man in it just

Observatory and one of the world's happened?

leading astronomers, recently pointed out, in a graphic way, some startling "1/Tany years ago there lived a young facts about the vastness of creation. -L "J- king by the name of Solomon.

"Our sun,"he wrote, "is only one of He was so good that the Lord apapproximately one hundred billion peared to him one night and made stars that make up our galaxy. Also, him a startling offer: "Ask what I

there are probably more than one shall give thee."

million galaxies within the reach of The young king's answer was, our greatest telescopes. Hence, if "Give me now wisdom and knowleach star had ten planets around it, edge...."

the total number of planets would be This wonderful, true story we can about a billion billion. Planets would read in the Old Testament. 1

then be as numerous as the grains of In fiction, too, there was a man by sand in a pile as large as the Empire the name of Aladdin who could

State Building."(This is the famous merely ask and get anything he

skyscraper in New York City which, wanted—that is, after he rubbed his

with its 102 stories, is the highest magic lamp and the genie appeared.

building in the world.) Almost everyone of us, at one time

Compare the planet which we or another, may have dreamed that know best, our own world, to a letter he could make a wish and have it in the unabridged dictionary. Which come true. If this privilege were

is the greater? Now compare the size really given to you, what would you

of the unabridged dictionary to the ask for? A precious gem that you

size of the Empire State Building! could sell for a million dollars? The

Foolish, isn't it? How can anyone key to building a moon rocket or a

say that if the unabridged dictionary (Continued on following page) could not have come about by chance,!See II Chron. 1:7-10.

JULY 1956 497 IF YOUR WISH COULD COME TRUE

(Continued from preceding page) God, the Creator of the world, our was personally known to but few.

space platform? The gift of knowing Savior, and our Lord. Only three of his thirty -three years

today what is going to happen toWe know that a man named Jesus, were spent in active teaching. At the

morrow? who was called the Christ, did live end of his short life he was nailed on

Of all the things you might ask for upon the earth. This is a matter of a cross between two thieves. His

or might obtain by any means, nothhistory. He was born a babe in own people crucified him.

ing could be as important or as valuBethlehem and lived in the country The marvelous wonder is that this able to you as to know this: that we now call the Holy Land for some Jesus of Nazareth has had a far greatJesus Christ is, in very deed, our thirtythree years. er influence upon the world than

Creator and our Lord, as well as our Wouldn't it be wonderful if we any other individual who has ever

Savior. could know Jesus personally, as his lived in it. We celebrate his birth

In our early youth, it is sometimes apostles knew him? Some of them each Christmas as the principal event

difficult to understand why this were with him almost daily for of the year. His coming into the

knowledge is so important. A look months. They walked with him world was so important that we

at some of the things we are familiar down the streets and through the reckon our time from it, and historical with, may help us to see why. fields. They sailed with him on the events through all ages are recorded

More than we sometimes realize, Sea of Galilee. They shared their as having happened so many years

the way we act, the things we think food with him. They slept in the before or after his birth. Millions

and do, the plans we make, and in same house. They heard him preach upon millions of people try to live

fact, the whole course of our lives and teach. They saw him heal the as they think he would have them

are determined by our belief in Jesus sick and restore sight to the blind. live. They accept without question

Christ. But since this glorious privilege is not everything that he said, and they look

Remember in Primary when you ours, we must learn about him in upon the brief record of his life as learned the Articles of Faith? Reother ways. the greatest literature ever written.

member the very first one: "We beThe story of his earthly life is reNumerous people have devoted all

lieve in God the Eternal Father and corded in one of the greatest of all their efforts to serving him. Many

in his Son, Jesus Christ, and in the history books—the Holy Bible. What have lost their lives rather than deny

Holy Ghost"? This article of faith a remarkable story it is! There is him. Because of the way he lived

is fundamental to all of our beliefs. nothing like it in all of history. and the things he taught, he "stands

When you say your prayers, to Jesus was a member of a race of first, foremost, and alone."No one

whom do you pray? Our Father in downtrodden people. He was born who has ever lived on this earth can

heaven, in the name of Jesus Christ! into the humble home of a carpenter. compare with him.

And when you were blessed, when He was not wellschooled or wellWhy is all of this true? There can

you were baptized and confirmed, and trained as the world views training. be only one answer: He was the Son

when you young men were ordained He wasn't widely traveled; in all his of God. He came to this earth to

to the priesthood, these ordinances life he journeyed only a few miles set up his Church, to teach the great were all performed in the name of from the place of his birth. He plan of salvation and eternal life and

Jesus Christ. When the Sacrament wasn't wealthy; his only earthly posto bring us back into his presence and

is blessed or when a chapel is dedisessions were the clothes he wore. He the presence of our Father in heaven,

cated or when a sick person is wasn't an influential man in the govto live, if we are worthy, in joy and anointed with oil, or when a couple ernment. He wasn't a leader of happiness forever!

is married in the temple for time and armies. He wasn't a writer. He It is not the purpose of this writing

all eternity, it is all done in his holy to consider Jesus only as a man, but name. rather to consider him as the Son of

The gospel that means so much to God. We will study about him as

is Christ. of the of gospelus, the world, as Jehovah, Jesus his—the OF LIFE AND FAITH Creator

is to belong Abraham, and Noah, which Church weThe God of Adam

Fitzgerald Isaac, and Jacob, the God of Israelhis—the Church of Jesus Christ of By John W.

Latterday Saints. Ue knew the value of the gospel plan. the God of the Old Testament. We

If Jesus were only a man, then life He lived and preached its lasting verishall study about him as our Savior ties. its lose king. future meaning. our andto us would We

life's realities stern understood He

It of like awould knowing about seems have no big step down from way better, make of mightier man. Would him a

God or about the creation or why we He lived each day, yet with mind he'd scan being the Creator of the world to a lowly mortal; yet this isare here or how we should live. The The world.future and seek ways of bettering the becoming

Bible and our other scriptures would The truth encompassed him and ran the step that Jesus took. It seems inbe false. Joseph Smith's story would Through all he did, like starlit flags uncredible that a babe born in a manger

be untrue. The lives and testimonies furled. should become the Savior of the world

of the pioneers and prophets would Now stands he on the heavenreaching hill, and ruler over all who have lived be wasted. In spirit strong and well and free. thereon; still, this is part of the

In view of all of this, we must agree WhichHe knowsgoodat menlast feelthe uponallsoulthatfillingboundlessthrill wondrous story.

that nothing is more important to lea.

each of us than to know that Jesus He He isclimbsnot dead;to greaterhe lives,heights,yet reverentto progressstill (Next month: BEFORE THISis what he said he was—the Son of endlessly. WORLD, WHAT?)

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the Desert is STRENGTH

by John M. Freckletot?

"From ancient times men have sought the desert as a place for dedication."

-Photograph by Hal Rumel

love for the outof-doors does Yet many who do not actually visit God. He did not go into the desert

not necessarily make one an the mountains or venture into the merely to be tempted by Lucifer. TheA

escapist. One feels reluctant to agree deserts find a region in which they tempting of the Messiah was the

that a longing to wander out into the gain new life and strength. This is fallen angel's own idea. But Jesus,

great multicolored, windcarved desthe desert of the starry sky. Men of who was called Joshua among his

ert is the manifestation of a wish to all times and places have looked deep own people, had need to establish flee the tedium of organized society, into the void of time and space and firmly his ties with the ultimate source the dullness of routine occupations. found in their contemplation of the of all moral power and spiritual

One prefers to feel that the call of stars an awakening strength and faith strength. He spent forty days and

the outof-doors is the call of the yet unevoked. Those with the imnights in the wilderness, fasting and

world of beauty. Opening one's eyes petuosity of the youthful and those praying. He came forth filled with

to the vista of glowing cliffs towering with the circumspection of the old power over life and death. Why did

above misted distances is the opening alike find necessary strength as they he go into the desert? For the vast

of one's mind and heart to a sea of turn their eyes to the starfilled sky. work he was ordained to do, Jesus

spiritual and moral strength. From ancient times men have must have had need of a desert greater

There is a wonder beyond imaginasought the desert as a place for dedithan the dimensions of a room, or a tion in the subtle beauty of the red cation. Long ago, John the Baptist house, or a village.

deserts of Utah and Arizona. One who moved out into the desert. In this One need not apologize for a despends time alone in the silence of the action, he had a precedent. Sages, sire to go out into the deserts of the

or Wonderland MonumentWayne ofValley becomes aware a surging thinkers, and prophets before him world.to glory Manythere. haveOne foundhas morethe needroad

life dwelling unsuspected within had turned to the desert as a means to apologize for the desert within himself. Nor is it necessary that one of finding the strength within them himself. If the individual harbors a

be in the desert of the southwest to and knowing God. Moses was only wasteland within his soul, he can find

feel this stirring within the soul. An- a shepherd in the wilderness when no strength from gazing at an endless

other kind of desert is the forested he met the power of God in the sweep of pinnacle and canyon. The

wilderness of our skysweeping mounburning bush. Moses lived a long mountains and the stars elicit the

tains. Here are the solitude and while in the desert. The desert was immortal strength that is within us;

grandeur that a desert provides the in him when he led a reluctant naif we are barren, the desert must fail.

seeker. tion immortality. the road to down esto desert to the cannot go We into the go mountains may on One after the And John destiny; the go to Baptist had cape should our we pretext of orthe hunting fishing. But

it. We do not seek thefew are likely to come back from lived most of his lifetime in the desert, desert to find

them unmoved by the strength that he paid homage to one greater than desert to escape from ourselves; we'

they put into men. So, although himself, his relative, Jesus the Christ. seek the desert to find ourselves. In

hunting and fishing continue to be Jesus of Nazareth, who turned his the stars, among the mountains, and pretexts for seeking this special desert, own footsteps into the paths of the in -all kinds of deserts we can apthe soul of a man leads him. desert, knew himself to be the Son of proach the throne of God.

JULY 1956 499 But in spite of prodigious exertions, proof objectives the emigrating expectato failed measure gram up to THE HANDCARTS OF '56 the costs increased tions. Transportation

rapidly from year to year, and the by Gustive O. Larson

emigrating company became finanHISTORY CHURCH PROFESSOR AND PHILOSOPHY cially embarrassed through failure of UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG its beneficiaries to repay their loans.

Unless some new method could be

And ye are called to bring to could not make the through journey devised, the gathering of the Lord's pass the gathering of mine to Salt Lake Valley. But when the poor would soon come to a standstill.

elect;... Iowa base was abandoned, the PresiIn this crisis the handcart experiWherefore the decree hath dency instructed, "Let only those ment was born. It was neither new

gone forth from the Father that leave England who can go through in concept nor practice for it had or their either in shall on unto own means they be gathered since 1851, discussed and wagon by been of Fund."the Emigrating this means one place the face upon of demonstrated often train emigrants

land, to prepare their hearts and Such instructions were disappointthat by walking they could outdisbe prepared in all things against ing to the thousands of poor Saints tance the oxteams. Novelty lay in

the day when tribulation and heavily charged with the spirit of encumbering the walking emigrant desolation are sent forth upon gathering. Wrote Orson Pratt as he with a load to push or pull across

the wicked. (D & C 29:7-8.) turned the British LDS Mission the plains.

presidency over to Franklin D. RichForeshadowing the advent of handthemselves ever devote fall of in a people 1851: ards the general cart transportation a came

assiduously in performanceDidmore epistle Saints in to the addressed there were that hardly judge would We of commission divine than did 1851: October in Saints the families a hundred among

members of the Church of Jesus Christ Great Britain who are able to go direct of Latterday Saints in gathering from this to the Salt Lake basin.... We The voice of the good Shepherd is to all

of earth; Saints, gather the the ends even will soon that the time are in come hopes build to helpIsrael out of Babylon

together, home; Some come sufficient to yourselves capital will there be that when latterday kingdom? ToGod's of of the the children world have...crossed to the place to the Saints pass enable on

2 the mountains and plains from Missouri toend the Perpetual Emigrating Fund of their destination without any delay.

was created in Salt Lake City in California with a pack on their backs to... Some of the1849 and incorporated as a company When President Richards introworship their god—Gold!

two years later. Its first objective duced the subject of assisted emigrawagonsSaints nowor cartsin ourmademidstof camewood,herewithoutwith

was to bring in the Nauvoo exiles tion to the British Saints, there was a particle of iron, hooping their wheels who were stranded at the Missouri enthusiastic response. Contributions with hickory, or rawhide or ropes, and had

River, virtually without means to conto the Emigration Fund reached a as good and safe a journey as any in the tinue their flight to Zion. Even betotal of 1440 pounds in 1852, which camps,ons; andwithcan theiryou notwellwroughtdo the same?iron wagYes,

fore that task was completed in 1852, amount equaled that raised in Utah. if you have the same desire, the same faith.

the Fund became available for the Nearly seventeen thousand ZionFamilies might start from the Missouri rescue of the "Lord's Poor"from their bound emigrants sailed from LiverRiver with cows, handcarts, wheelbarrows, little flour and no unnecessaries andEuropean homelands. pool between 1848 and 1855, with the with

to this quicker, place and with come

Tens of thousands from overseas number reaching 4225 in the last fatigue, than by following the heavy trainsless had responded to the message of the single year. London and Liverpool with their cumbrous herds, which they are

restoration, universally accompanied bank deposits available to the LDS often obliged to drive miles to feed. Do

like of travelling? you this way Doby the spirit of gathering. While the Emigration agent amounted to thirty you

costs so, salvation too think much? If

Nauvoo refugees had remained on thousand pounds ($150,000) between is not worth having. 3 it

the Potawatamie lands in Iowa, their 1852 and 1855, and President Richsettlement had served as a stopover ards drove favorable bargains with The financial strain upon the emibase for the European converts who the shipping companies. grating company in 1855 made con500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ARRIVED CAPTAIN DEATHSYEAR in Pioneers in CITY PERSONSCOMPANY VALLEY IOWADEPARTED Handcart Here the 266 9, ELLSWORTH SEPT. 1B56 26,1856 1856 EDMUND were outfitted and D. 11. 220 SEPT. DANIEL McARTHUR 1856 71 JUNEJUNE1856 26, 1856 gathered

about 23, 300 BUNKER1856 JUNE 1856 OCT. EDWARD

WILLIE about 500 66 G. 1856 JULY 15,1856 JAMES NOV. 2,9, 18561856 for their journey westward

1856 EDWARD MARTIN 575 135 JULY 28, 1856 NOV. 30, 1856

1857 Missionary Eastbound Handcart Company Consisting of 74 Elders 1857 ISRAEL EVANS 149 MAY 22, 1857 SEPT. 12, 1857

1857 CHRISTIAN CHRISTIANSEN 330 JUNE 12, 1857 SEPT. 13, 1857

1859 JUNE ROWLEY 235 GEORGE 233 11860 DANIEL ROBINSON JUNE 9,6, I860'1859* AUG.SEPT. 4,27, 18591860 Des Moines lowa

1860 OSCAR O. STODDARD 126 JULY 4, 1860* SEPT. 24, 1860

# 'Departed Florence, Nebraska Then the terminus of the railroad westward

FlorncerCounci, B|||ffs Mississippi River\

Winter Quarters)! I W

R K A M I U Nauvoo

tinuance under the old plan imposwrote to John Taylor, receiving agent for the new plan was more than sible. Brigham Young, as president for the company in New York: matched by the impatience of Euroof the company, wrote to Franklin D. We propose settling colonies at every pean converts who begged for the

Richards in England as follows: suitable location along the route of travel privilege of coming to Zion under

where grain can be raised, that in their almost any conditions. The plan

I have been thinking how we should migration hither the Saints can travel from was therefore announced in The afford year. operate another cannot find friends to settlement to settlement We and

times as in purchase teams and wagons also in Millennial Star as follows: has and provisions. The project

past, I am consequently thrown back upon view the establishment of a daily express my old plan—to make handcarts and let arrangement which we ultimately design to Let the Saints who can, gather up for

the emigration foot it, and draw upon them have out from the Missouri to California. Zion, and come while the way is open bethe necessary supplies, having a cow or fore them; let the poor also come, whether

two for every ten. They can come just as The Church leaders'enthusiasm (Continued on following page)

quick if not quicker, and much cheaper can start earlier and escape the prevailing sickness which annually lays so many of our brethren in the dust. A great majority of

them walk now even with the teams which are provided, and have a great deal more care and perplexity than they would have if they came without them. They will

only need 90 days'rations from the time of their leaving the Missouri River, and as the settlements extend up the Platte, not that much. The carts can be made without

a particle of iron, with wheels hooped, made strong and light, and one, or if the family be large, two of them will bring all that they will need upon the plains.

If it is once tried you will find that it will become the favorite mode of crossing the plains; they will have nothing to do but

come along, and I should not be surprised if a company of this kind should make the trip in sixty or seventy days. I do know

that they can beat any ox train crossing the plains. I want to see it fairly tried and

tested, at all events, and I think we might as well begin another year as any time and save this enormous expense of purchasing wagons and teams—indeed we will be

obliged to pursue this course or suspend operations, for aught that I can see at the present....

It will become important for you to forward us a list of their names and advise brothers Taylor and Spencer that they may make arrangements accordingly. If they will

do this, nothing doubting, I can promise them that they will be met with provisions and friends far down on the plains, perhaps as low as Laramie if we get their names in time; yora know almost everybody has friends

and relatives, here now, that when they find their friends are coming will go out and meet them. 4

The president had further plans to "The Handcarts,"by J. Leo Fairbanks, a mural in the Bureau of Information,

safeguard the walking emigrants. He Salt Lake City.

JULY 1956 501 THE HANDCARTS OF '56 ship'strip in passengerscattle cars. 10madeAt leastthe railwayone of

(Continued from preceding page) the ordinary one and was provided the companies of that year slept in a they receive aid or not from the [P.E.] with a top. This type was used for New York warehouse while waiting

let foot, 11Fund; with them come handon to the continue journey. fare carrying children. The

letcards, gird or wheelbarrows; up them 12 City at to Iowa $11.00. was quoted Star for February The Millennialtheir loins and walk nothing through and

shall hinder or stay them. 23, 1856, announced that Iowa City The frontier agents had evidently

In regard to the foreign immigration anhad been selected as the outfitting not been very successful in providing letother year, pursue the them northern to post the needs for that meet of the season the equipment and that route York, Boston, from or PhilaNew as immigrants they came. emigrants would be forwarded from A memberdelphia, at land or City and the Iowa then

terminus of the railroad; there let them be the port of landing to that point of the third company passing through

provided with handcarts on which to draw via the Chicago and Rock Island Railwrote that they were delayed for three their provisions and clothing; then walk road. It continued: weeks in Iowa City, and the fourth

thereby them,and the saving draw immense reported delay, similar company both for outfitexpense every year for teams and P. E. will The Emigrants use handcarts stating to the carts that be had.. made.crossing plains. the

in crossing the Plains, in will they which 13 tents, as well as of etc. purpose sending faith yokes, and men With We their provisions, tent, convey necessary and

experience suitable with instructions to some the information at... be hand, it would luggage. of will course There be means

outfittingproper point, to into effect carry for provided of inconveyance difficult the aged, to place responsibility for this letthe suggestions; the above thereSaints firm, those for and unable to cause any delay, a contributing but it becamefore, to intend the immigrate ensuing who

... first walk. miles of two hundred The

factoryear, towards tragedy awaited are to that understand which they expected the will journey from City Iowa be through walk, their luggage across and draw the last of the seatwo companies settled it grain a is the growing country where plains, that 14 will they and be assisted by that the expected supplies of provisions son can be 5 in otherFund no way. obtained labor without of hauling them next stopping place FlorThe was

ence, Nebraska, located on the site In his letter of September, President thisany distanceconsiderablewith distance.carts lightlyByloadedtravelingthe

Young promised to forward instrucSaints will have an excellent opportunity of of old Winter Quarters, nearly 300 tions to Daniel Spencer, agent at becoming accustomed to camp life, and miles west of Iowa City. J. H. Latey,

walking thereby be better prepared for and ofIowa City, regarding the building in a letter to from Florence John 8 the plains. starting out onhandcarts. to first These vehicles were said of Taylor 14, the on August

be completed before the arrival of the It was anticipated that the cost of two companies:

atimmigrants that place so that there transportation under the plan new singing as they were along, They came delayshould in continuing be no adult not think the would that be nine pounds one for each would they had come journey. An early start was emphaand four pounds, ten shillings for from Iowa City, a long and rough journey

sized, of there for for the to miles, ground and their 275 dust except was 300 those of age. 9 one under year This

stained faces. garments sunburned and Thebelief expressed that the handcart practically cut per cost capita the of first of boasted called they company what outtravel the could oxteamcompany the previous half. in year the of their songs, Band. Birmingham One

ittrain since be would unencumbered as entitled, they marched was "Some must Five including companies, more 6 cattle. of large numbersby pull,"push some must and converts, than 1600 European came

carts themselves very were The in 1856. the handcart to Utah way Saints Ye Europe's shore on who dwell insimple construction. were They included yourselves English, for Prepare Welsh, They more, and many

made of wood, and when properly Scandinavians. The first two comTo leave behind your native land,

selected sure For the material are at God's and seasoned, hand. judgments panies, led Ellsworth and by Edmund

For cross you raging the must main serviceable enough.proved HowDaniel included McArthur, 266 and Before the gain, promised land you in theirever, experience use brought left persons. 220 City Iowa They start, faithful the with a And make

improvements in their construction early in June, followed soon after by To cross the plains with your handcart.

durability. box conand greater The a smaller led company by Edward

struction usually of hickory Iowa was fifth fourth Bunker. The comChorus: and

or oak with the shafts of the same panies had been delayed in their deFor some must push and some must pull, material, but the axle was uniformly parture from Liverpool, and after As we go marching up the hill;

So merrily go on the way weof hickory. One who had experience further the delay fronon American

the oh! Valley, we reachwith them wrote: tier, left City Iowa on and Until July 15

In length the side pieces and shafts were 26. Although forty percent of their

about six or seven feet, with three or four membership remained on the fronAnd long before the Valley's gained binding crossbars from the back part to the tier, these companies led by James G. We will be met upon the plains

cart.fore of of part the the body Then sweet friends so music With and dear and Edward Martin, still numfeet latter or three the bar Willie space fromtwo fresh supplies hearts to cheer. our And bered 404 576 respectively. and front forto the singletree or lead the bar then with with And music and song

of or or leadhorse the Boston boy York woman, man, and With New we'll cheerfully along, march as How

.. of bars the Acrossteam. the bed of ports of of landing the the majority the a start thank And day we made

of cart strip usuallythe a bed sewed. we cross plains the handcart. 10 our with To immigration from proceeded Mormon

orticking this a counterpane. wooden On

cart, with thimbleless axle, having about the latter city by rail via New York to Latey continued in his letter:

two and one half inch shoulder and one Iowa City, Iowa, a distance of nearly inch point, were often loaded 400 to 500 1300 miles. In keeping with the aim The companies are much alike. They do

of flour, extra bedding,pounds first description. need separate The rail clothing, to expenses, pare did not the trip by 7

utensils,cooking a tent. left and Handcart the ground on Company not permit many comforts. who One Thursday, three out July 16, and went

Another type known as the family crossed the plains in the third comhalf miles and camped. On the 20th aI

cart was made a little heavier than pany of the season wrote that her (Continued on page 525) 502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA First of Two Parts because we always had old Chris over proud. That's how I got her bottle

for dinner on Sundays, and to quote of pink perfume as "hush money,"so sister Yolanda was a pretty her, "Uncle Chris is utterly imposto speak.

My girl;handle,sweet,my parentsshy, andalwayseasysaid.to sible!"He wasn't really our uncle, but we theWenextweremorning,cleaning justthe frontshe androomI

That is, she was easy to get along had adopted him into the family. He alone; Yolanda finished smoothing the

with until she fell in love, then she didn't hear so well, so he was always pillows and then sat down with a developed all sorts of eccentricities butting in with most hilarious refar-off, coweyed expression.

and preferences. marks, inopportune, and yet some- "Oh, do listen to this,"I said, mak-

I was just twelve at the time, but how fitting. ing a grand flourish with the feather

I remember it well because I was one Yolanda was so obsessed with this duster, "Yolanda Bereau, Yolanda of the preferences—she definitely preidea that I believe she'd have changed Bereau."I said it first soft, and then

ferred me out of the way, and I was our name from "Toole"to "Tub"if loud, first shyly, and then proud.

just as determined to stay. she thought it would make us less Yolanda looked positively stricken.

Mama said she knew the minute countrified. "You little sneak!"she exclaimed,

Val walked into the house, that he Val Bereau was just out of college "You wouldn't dare!"Her declaration

would be the one. Much as she disand had come to our town to set up was positive, but her expression

liked the idea, she was sure that his law office. He was tall and showed negative.

Np The ijc

Yolanda would fall in love with Val by Yvonne Child Hiss

Bereau—and him a city boy!

Not that Mother had anything against Val personally, but we were country folk, and Mother distrusted anyone citified. She had read a story

once about a city slicker, and as far as she was concerned that put the kibosh on them all. When Val was

around, she was all nerves and suspicions.

Then Papa voiced his objections.

"Don't want any truck with lawyers,"he said. "Lawyers are shysters!

Haven't had need of lawyers around here before, and we don't need one now."Papa wasn't a violent man; it's just

that he figured the Golden Rule was law enough. "Everyone stick to handsome, and all the girls in town "Wouldn't I?"said I, peeking coythat,"he avowed, "and there would were a-twitter over him. He could ly over the duster.

not be trouble!"have taken his pick of any girl, and "Cross your heart never to tell,

To make matters worse, Yolanda that is why my sister Yolanda turned and I'll give you a nickel."

suddenly developed a great aversion watermelon pink and nearly dropped "Nope."I saw opportunity knockto appearing countrified. She wouldn't the telephone the night he first called ing. "But I will if you'll give me your

invite Val to our Church socials beour house. bottle of pink perfume."

cause our Church was just an That night, after her first date, I "Oh, I couldn't,"gasped Yolanda.old converted schoolhouse, and she figured he'd be "the one,"too, not "He told me he specially liked—

wouldn't let Val wait hardly a minbecause of any feeling like Mama She caught herself suddenly.

ute when he came to call for fear had, but because I heard her trying "I'll tell."

one of us kids would do something on his name for size! "All right, all right. But you've got

embarrassing (which we usually manShe was whispering, "Yolanda to promise."

aged to do anyway), and she Bereau, Yolanda Bereau,"first soft, "Cross my heart."

wouldn't invite Val to Sunday dinner and then loud, first shyly, and then (Continued on following page)

JULY 1956 503 THE FAMILY'S NIGHT HOME

(Continued from preceding page) "Never!"cried Yolanda passion- "Yer makin'puddles on the floor,"

"Go get it,"she sighed, "but don't ately. "You'd be so obvious, telling stated little brother Willie, glaring

show Mama."him I baked the cookies myself, and importantly at Val's feet. At the

I skipped off to collect the first inthe kids would pull all their old tricks, vulnerable age of seven he was alstalment of my fortune. I visualized and Papa would talk him to death ways delighted to find someone else

great treasures ahead; however, things about chickens. I'd rather die first."besides himself at fault.

didn't look too bright for the next "Well,"said Papa with a martyred "You drippin'wattow on da floa,"few months. tone, "if that's the way you feel about piped fouryear-old Joey, Willie's

Mr. Bereau called once in a while, it, you have our permission to go."selfappointed echo.

but in between times he was seen Yolanda danced off to curl her hair "Hush, Joey, Willie,"said Mama, escorting Lucille James, daughter of and press her dress and all the other and Yolanda hurried Val out the

Mayor Horatio James, and Charlotte fixin'that "goin'"girls do. I saundoor.

Fern, the town beauty, and Betsy tered in to watch her just for curiWell, what happened next Mother

Mason, the richest girl in town, and osity's sake. She always reminded has always maintained was brought

several others to boot. me, in these delirious preparations, about by the hand of the Lord, to

Yolanda went about with an air of of a preening turkey who suddenly force us to become better acquainted studied indifference. She even turned discovered he wore peacock plumes and therefore more charitable.

down two dates with him and then completely addled with joy. It wasn't halfan-hour until we

cried the whole night after she did I sat myself at her dresser, then a heard the gasping auto drive up and it. Those two times I collected a pair scrap of paper caught my eye. It was stop outside, and in came Yolanda

of earrings and a rose petal sachet. covered with aimless doodling, but and Val.

The next time he called she acamong the curlicues she had written "For land sakes!"exclaimed Mama.

a date,cepted to bring you two happened "What Valiant and after that he called Val—Val Bereau—Prince

often. moremuch so soon?"Prince Charming. were lips back There

So far my story has just been inand hearts and even a soulful eye, "The bridge is washed out,"said troductory. The real story began on like a Dali portrait of love. Val. "I'm afraid we won't be able to

a Friday. That was the family's night "Huh-h-h-h-h!"I sighed a romake it into town tonight."

home. sigh. "is mantic too I gushed, "Oh, my,"clucked bad,""That's Mama,

For as long as I could remember the little really tofamily get Valiant? a Prince "but Val's name we have

family had been together on Friday Valiant?"gether every Friday, and it will be

nights. Papa said it made us closer "Put that down,"she commanded nice to have you two here to enjoyto have one night a week when we with an exasperated bob of her curls. this evening with us."

together.stayed home

tell if you'll give "I won't me your looked might as if Niagara Yolanda the scriptures read from always We blue lace handkerchief,"I bargained. blue building her big be up behind first; or did a program then had we

"Oh, no, you little blackmailer. eyes, so Mama shooed us kids intospecial projects or played games or just

talked. Last we had refreshments. I'm wearing my new blue dress tothe kitchen and gave Yolanda and

No one thought of breaking the rule night, and I'm taking my blue lace Val sanctuary in the parlor.

for listening talent Knowing my—Friday

air register, the hot "I'll tell—"I began. through Mamanight—thatnightis untilwasthat theFridayfamily'snight. handkerchief."

It was Yolanda's birthday, and Val "Tell who? We won't be around saw to it that I was kept busy turnhad asked her for this special evening. to hear you."ing the ice cream freezer. The other

They were going clear to the city, I could feel my hold slipping, so kids were sent to the barn to warn about twentyfive miles away, and I could only assume that her hold on Papa to change his clothes before

Yolanda was excited. him was becoming more secure. I coming in because we had company.

When she told the folks about it, was determined for one last plunder, At seven o'clock we trouped into but as I opened my mouth to speak, the parlor to start the proceedings. there was a heated discussion—so

heated in fact, that I nearly burned I found myself in an uncomfortable Papa was late, and when he arrived, my ear on the hot air register listengrasp. he was wearing overalls.

ing in on it. "Scoot out, monster,"she said, giv- "George,"whispered Mama, "didn't

Mama said the city was too far to ing me some vigorous help in that the children tell you to change?"

go, and Papa said she knew it was direction. Somehow that blue lace "I did change,"countered Papa.

family night and should have told handkerchief seemed to be fading "These are clean overalls."

Val so, and Yolanda said it was her from view! We started the evening with prayer

birthday, and she ought to be allowed It was raining that night when Val as usual. Papa called on Val to pray.

to spend it as she wished. came to call. He was late because Yolanda looked startled, but Val

"Why don't you invite the boy here we lived six miles from town, and the stood calmly and gave a very comto our family celebration?"reasoned roads were muddy. mendable prayer. As he finished,

Papa. "We'd do something special "Don't you think you ought to varied expressions came to the various

for the occasion."stay?"asked Mama, squinting anxcountenances about the room. Yo-

"We could serve the cookies you iously at the relentless drizzle. landa smiled smugly; Mama beamed

baked today, and I could bake a cake "No, Mother,"Yolanda spoke firmin pleasant surprise; and Papa grinned

and make ice cream,"added Mama. ly. "We'll be all right."like he'd unearthed a treasure. Even

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA She was whispering "Yolanda Bereau, Yolanda Bereau,"first soft, then loud, first shyly, then proud. That's how I got

the bottle of pink perfume as "hush money"so to speak.

we children were pleased as it hadn't carry in a plate of those cookies you At the stroke of eleven, Val gave been long and drawn out. baked all by yourself."the clock an uncomfortable glance

The evening went smoothly. We Yolanda fled to the kitchen, and I and said, "Perhaps I'd better be

had a program and worked on scrapfollowed reluctantly. leaving and see if I can make it back

books. Papa cornered Val and "Stop it!"she hissed, punctuating to town now."

talked about chickens, just as Yolanda the order with a pinch. "Of course not,"boomed Papa.

had predicted. "I want that blue lace handker- "That bridge couldn't possibly be

I could see her fidgeting with her chief,"I retaliated then marched defixed before tomorrow. You'd best

blue lace handkerchief, and I figured terminedly off with the birthday cake. spend the night here. Mother can

if I were ever going to get it in one When we were all settled and eatfix up the spare room for you, can't piece I'd better get my hands on it ing, I gazed innocently at Val again. you, Mother?"

now. "I thought your real name might be "Certainly. It won't take but a

Val,"I said, interrupting the Valiant or something."I said. minute."

"fowl"talk, 'is your name just plain He gave a deep chuckle. "Why, "Well, I hate to put you out like

Val?"no,"he said. "Whatever gave you this,"he apologized, casting an apHe looked puzzled. Yolanda looked that idea?"prehensive glance at Yolanda.

uncomfortably knowing. "I saw—"I began. "It's perfectly all right, and it

''Mother,"she interrupted a trifle "She's just being silly."Yolanda couldn't be helped."Papa slapped

loudly, "Don't you think we should broke in with a grim expression. him on the back. "Come along, and

serve refreshments now? She and I "Here, sister dear, have another I'll lend you some gear."

will help you."Yolanda looked cookie."She passed the plate, and And so ended the family's night

pointedly (and I do mean daggers) as she did so, she dropped her handhome.

at me. kerchief meaningfully in my lap.

"Of course,"said Mama, "you can I settled into blissful silence. (To be concluded)

JULY 1956 505 Missionary Spirit

Dominates

Era Campaign

by A. Glen Snarr

SUBSCRIPTION DIRECTOR

October of this year The ImInprovement Era will have completed fiftynine years of outstanding service to the Church. The

Era has lived during the administration of the last six Presidents of the Church, many of whom have served as editors and all of whom—Harold M. Lambert Photo

have given inspirational guidance Family reading the "Voice of the Church."

that has made the Era the best magazine in its field.

of every stake and mission of the or so extra copies to distribute to

The Era was established to serve Church during the last campaign. friends or investigators. Who can

as a missionary tool to carry the gosWithout question the greatest misestimate the missionary work accompel message into every Latterday sionary issue ever published by the plished in this one effort?

Saint home. President Heber J. Era was the November special temThe special Lamanite issue of April

Grant, one of the founders of The ple issue. This unusual issue has 1955 also won many new friends for

Improvement Era in 1897 and cermany "greatests"to its credit. Inthe Era. These two great issues,

tainly one of its strongest supporters, cluded among these are: the greatest along with the exceptional regular

referred to the Era as "The Greatest number of pages for one issue, greatfeatures in the magazine, have given

Missionary in the Church,"and it est number of color pages, greatest the Era one of the best opportunities has been the powerful missionary number of editions, greatest number for service it has ever had.

spirit manifested over the past fiftyof copies printed, greatest number of Realizing this, the magnificent field nine years throughout the stakes, single copies sold, and greatest numforce of The Improvement Era—

missions, wards, and branches of the ber of copies sold to nonmembers. stake and ward, mission and branch

Church that has brought the Era About 70,000 copies were sold to Era directors, MIA officers, priesthood to its present peak of effectiveness. visitors on the grounds near the Los leaders and Era workers—worked

The "Better Home Reading"camAngeles Temple before it was dedihard to place this missionary magapaign just completed was highlighted cated. It is estimated that the larger zine in a record number of homes.

by this missionary spirit. An Era part of these went to non -members. It is a genuine pleasure to give honor

director of a stake that won a citaThere were 250,000 November and recognition to those whose untion testified: "We were failing until Eras printed in three editions. Of tiring efforts made such a successful

we impressed upon our Era workers this number about 145,000 went to campaign possible. It is no less a

that they were engaged in a great regular subscribers and 70,000 to the pleasure to pay high tribute to workers missionary effort. Once they capLos Angeles Temple Bureau of Inin stakes and missions who rendered

tured the real spirit of this work, we formation. The rest went to the most efficient service and made many

knew we would have our most sucChurch department of education for sacrifices yet did not qualify for cessful year and place among the distribution to the seminaries, to Brigawards or recognitions presented to leading stakes of the Church."That ham Young University, to stakes and the leaders. For the first time in

same spirit was undoubtedly the wards, and to individuals who wanted many years pictures of citation wincompelling force behind the activities anywhere from a dozen to a thousand ning stake and mission officers do 506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA not appear in this publiNew England, Southern cation so that more space States, and Canadiancan be devoted to a genKtunuummiin missions among the miseral report of the camsions, again placed high paign. Pictures will apamong the leaders. There

pear in the Era Digest. were several newcomers.

It was the combined Winning a citation for the efforts of all that resulted first time in recent years in the setting of new recwere Glendale and East ords in many phases of Jordan stakes and Centhe campaign and, most tral States Mission. Mt.

important of all, carried Rubidoux and Inglethe Era into thousands wood joined the regular of homes where it had citation winners by regisnever been before. tering the greatest gain

In the missions special in percent of cash award efforts were made to take minimum and total subThe Improvement Era scriptions.

into the homes of inSouth Los Angeles vestigators. Where that—Courtesy Ned Redding Stake has been a double

was accomplished, a misAbout 70,000 copies of the November issue of The Improvement citation winner for twensionary visit was made Era were purchased by visitors on the grounds of the Los Angeles ty consecutive years (a twelve times a year Temple. perfect record since its orwhether missionaries were available Stake and Mission Leaders in ganization), has never placed lower

or not. Mission presidents and misPercent of Cash Award Minimum than third, and has won the Citation

sionaries alike have testified to the Extraordinary for seven consecutive value of the Era in their proselyting * South Los Angeles, 370%; Moapa, years—the only stake ever to receive

work. 254%; *Long Beach, 248%; *Bountithis high award. All twelve wards in

Listed here are the twentytwo ful, 237%; Blackfoot, 231%; *South the stake qualified for Hall of Fame

stakes and eight missions that reIdaho Falls, 206%; Los Angeles, recognition by securing subscriptions

ceived citations in recognition of their 203%; South Blackfoot, 201%; equivalent to ninety percent or more

superior accomplishments: Union, 199%; *Las Vegas, 190%; of the families of record. When

Stake and Mission Leaders in *Glendale, 187%; Florida, 185%; President Noble Waite reported their

subscripplus Monica, hundred *Big Horn, twentyeight 183%; Total Subscriptions Santa

- tions, he stated, Maricopa, "Not an Improve 181%; 181%.

*South Los Angeles, 2801; *Bounti- *New England, 403%; Canadian, ment Era has been purchased from

ful, 1587; *Las Vegas, 1524; San 189%; Western States, 184%; *Souththe budget."Again this year they

Fernando, 1444; *Long Beach, 1407; ern States, 182%; *Eastern States, topped all stakes in percent and total

*South Idaho Falls, 1204; East 173%; North Central States, 162%. subscriptions to remain on top.

Los Angeles, 1187; East Mill Creek, Now let us look at some of the For the fourth consecutive year the

1133; *Glendale, 1074; East Jordan, outstanding stake and mission accomNew England Mission was awarded

1041; *Big Horn, 1021; Liberty, 1021. plishments. Several "perennial"lead- a special citation. It had the highest

*Southern States, 2111; West Ceners, South Los Angeles, Bountiful, percent of cash award minimum in

tral States, 1291; *New England, Moapa, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Big the entire Church for stakes or mis1109; *Eastern States, 1078; Central Horn, South Idaho Falls, Union, sions and third among missions in

States, 1025. and Florida among the stakes, and (Continued on page 516)"

*DoubIe citation winners JULY 1956 507 I Am an American

by Louise Parnell

trols and watches their destinies. God mount of these is the one which tells

allows those nations which recognize us of the attempt to bribe General the righteous things to flourish in Reed by the English, to end the terevery way possible. As for those narible conflict. What was his grand,

Y|any thoughts crowd the mind and tions which work against him, he sees classic reply?

leart on Independence Day. In the to it that they perish under the weight "I am not worth purchasing, but

Thirtythird Psalm, we read: of their own folly. The Prophet poor as I am, the king of Great Brit-

"Blessed is the nation whose God Isaiah told us of this. ain is not rich enough to buy me."

is the Lord; and the people whom he "For the nation and kingdom that General Reed realized that he was

has chosen for his own inheritance."will not serve thee shall perish; yea, fighting for a worthwhile cause, one

Let us reflect on these words. God those nations shall be utterly wasted."in which the self was forgotten comhas been good to our nation. He has (Isa. 60:12.) pletely. It was a cause which meant

given us this wonderful land that is Who, do we find, are the happy the security and wellbeing of all the ours. Here, we enjoy a liberty that people in a land? They are the holy, lives which were to come in the years

is unparalleled. We know a freedom the clean of heart, those who are that stretched ahead in our country's

of speech and a freedom of religion prepared to help their fellow men at history. They knew that they had

which make us indeed a very forall times. Yes, they are the people to do their very best in shaping that

tunate people. There is pride in us upon whom God smiles and makes history properly at the very beginfor this land of ours, and rightly so. prosperous in all of their underning. And they did!

The beautiful thought which our takings. Yes, July fourth is a memorable day

mind recognizes immediately is the We know this truth to exist. All in the history of our great nation.

one which says the founders of our we need do to verify it is to look about We turn to our history books, and great republic did not shut their eyes us. We see the happy results immewe find a long parade of events, all of

to God. We turn to the last sentence diately. Righteousness indeed "exthem occurring on this same Fourth

of our Declaration of Independence. alteth a nation; but sin is a reproach of July, each of them playing a major

There we read: to any people."(Proverbs 14:34.) role in the maintenance of our liberty.

"And for the support of this DeclaWhat else can we think of on this Let us note a few. We find that on

ration, with a firm reliance on the grand day of independence? That July 4, 1863, Vicksburg surrendered

protection of Divine Providence, we great necessity of placing all of our to General Grant. And that on the

mutually pledge... to each other our forces and all of our energies into our very same day news went out

Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred workl throughout this great land of ours

Honor."Here, again, we turn to the signers that the federal forces had won at

Yes, blessed, indeed, is the nation of the Declaration of Independence. Gettysburg.

"whose God is the Lord."God, We note that they pledged all of their On July 4, 1864, Grant was drivverily, is the Lord of our nation. "lives, fortunes, and sacred honor"ing Lee back; and on July 4, 1898, we

There is no doubt in our minds that into the maintenance of that security heard that the entire Spanish fleet we have made the wonderful strides for which they had struggled. When had been destroyed by our fleet.

which we have, in so short a while, it became theirs, they refused to let Then, on the fourth of July 1918, because we have made him our go of it. They were determined to we were busy pushing back the

leader. fight for it with every ounce of Hindenburg line in World War I.

We recognize it to be a worldstrength which they possessed. There have been many other

known fact that God rules over the We read of ever so many instances memorable feats which have taken nations of the earth, that he conof their undying gallantry. Para- (Concluded on page 539)

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA later Enmerkar refuses tribute to his "Those are certainly not the epinew lord because Aratta's overlord, thets of peaceful peasant magistrates,"one Ensukhkeshdanna, has spoken Blank observed.There disrespectfully of a certain great lady "Not at all,"said Schwulst, "and

to whom Enmerkar has always owed all this is thoroughly typical. Enfealty. 3 Do you follow?"merkar thus challenges hi rival:

"No,"said F. 'Since you do not respect my lady, I

"It doesn't make much difference,"will destroy your house.'As in all Were

the professor laughed, "because there heroic ages, the center of everything are conflicting interpretations of the is the great house; and these great

story. I merely give this to you to houses are proud and touchy about

show you that we begin with the their honor and constantly trying toJaredtfes complicated system of feudal alliances overreach each other. Moreover,

which is characteristic of heroic ages they are all related by ties of blood

The Babylonian Background everywhere. Aratta's lord is deand bound by terrible oaths to each

scribed as sitting grandly enthroned other. In this case when the lord of

by Dr. Hugh Nibley and unassailably secure in his splenAratta is beaten in turn, his subjects

did mountain castle; and 'the Lady promptly and loyally submit to the

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY of heroes'sits in an exalted castle that victor, whom they hail as having shines like the sun. 4 Aratta declares proved his superiority by winning 'the

that he is 'the properly appointed and jewel of heaven,'that is, the preferrival."there Steppes, sole of the his Ruler over of the is ence Lady Ishtar

later three friends the weeks wo it all out like him!'sounds,"he sends medieval none and "How

office. again in Dr. Schwulst's met

flute to castles, the chaltrains moving great mule F.—"the mused

'as a rich gifts faithful theI No orientalist worthy of the name music messengers, lenges, the and bearing confines his studies to one culture, bait'to increase his power by buyvassals, and oaths, the cult of the as BabySchwulst good at and was ing support. A messenger comes to lady...."

at lonian Egyptian. Grateas he was

great lord another to beg from echoes of the Pyramid him "With ful for a captive audience, he had prefor the privilege of buying humbly Texts,"added. Blank

the for the event by piling pared his for building materials him, from Texts the Pyramid more like "Even epics texts of a dozen Mesopotamian stone, is timber, and produce mountains harping the constant on Sumerian on his table. And now working metals; the messenger comes before the nature of gods, heroes, and kings

rapidly through the pile from top to great lord fear with the raiders. and cattle tremas invaders and The

bottom, he virtually monopolized the is of is Aratta's bling. the lord This bull, is 'the glorious exalted king

of evening. reader rest the must The

... to lord of the of Uruk to the ends (often thy heaven name

that in bear always what mind city in we messagecalled the world): oldest the lord of of the divine the brother twin

is chitacademic merely here have king, submit 'Say to Iskur, must he Uruk's earth, of Father ox heaven and chat, a setting forth of issues and to me, he must pay me feudal dues lord that ridest the storm, thy name areas of investigation without any atand services... then he may conis to the ends of heaven... thy

anything. to exhaust tempt "6..'. his to live Ishtar in temple while tinue land. covereth the name Profes- "It maintained,"been has

I live in these that mine.'both Note of cannibal out the "Right hymn!"lecture best in his sor began Schwulst

of vassals lady. are great the men cried, Professor the conBlank and is actually "that Babylonia manner,

If alwill submits, he be Enmerkar tinued: all literature, epic of and the home city, 'to as of the shine Lord lowed "'.. I exalted. the herdsman, am Iliad of the 'the forerunners true that as the of of City, as the Prince Lord in (confusing genders the holy cow not were the Divina Commedia and as as in the Prince the Storm, Storm,

fashion) the best the Egyptian and legends the but Genesis Exodus and Lord rages, as the Prince who who 1 king beareth issue.'7 The who stuff woman Epic Gilgamesh.'of Etana and "5 rages.'

is 'the righteous herdsman,'but no in Babylonian breaking out is always texts, even in the ritual literature. USuntf 36. gentle shepherd; he claims to rule the

The great New Year's hymn called world by force and demands submisthe Enuma Elish, for example, is 'a sion of his inhabitants; he sends his

mixture of heroic epic and dogmatic arrowmessengers out to exercise poetry....'2 So in order not to be vigilance and control, and he himself

here all night, let us just look at the moves about from place to place with purest and oldest epics. his warlike host: 'Let thy good Utuk-

"Here, gentlemen, is the epic poem ku proceed me on my way, let thy of Enmerkar and the Lord of Aratta. good Lmassu travel along with me

In it, the first of these two great lords as I travel.'8 On the famous stele of

sends a message to the other demandthe vultures, Ningirsu is hailed as ing his homage, only to receive the 'Lord of the crown of abundance, haughty answer that the Lord Enbeast of prey from the steppes!'9 Refmerkar is not the vassal of the Lord erence to the sun and his course and

of Aratta. A showdown follows, and to the horizons, 'the ends of heaven'

Enmerkar is beaten, but the victor are common: 'From the rising sun

to the setting sun I have subdued allows him to continue to remain in theAnfeudalarchaiccompositionSumerianoftextthe whichearliest depictsMesopower in Uruk as his liegeman. But potamian states. (Continued on following page)

JULY 1956 509 THERE WERE JAREDIIES (Continued from preceding page) who is the beloved of Ninni. 14 Or which he could rule over the unithem into him, at that time from the again, Dungi, the mighty man of verse. l0

lower sea... unto the upper sea his Ur... serves his lord Ningirsu, who "Shades of a dozen fairytales!"

way he made straight for him. From in turn is 'the mighty warrior of cried F. "I thought all that stuff was

Enlil.'15 rising of this Enlilthe the setting sun to In hierarchy sun allestrictly European—King Arthur, and

have.'will heroica rival not to 10 giance caused find the him always you all that."

Without the name of Enlil as a clue, combination of personal loyalty and "It is,"said Blank, "and it is claswho would not guess that we were warlike valor. As in Egypt, the sic, too, because it is right out of the

reading from the Pyramid Texts? favored one is accepted into the noble epic milieu: the feasting and rollickWell, there are volumes of this stuff. house, given all the due marks of ing heroes having fun at their elder

But it is more than literary invention. recognitions, and provided with an sister's expense, the constant sending

Here, for example, a Sumerian king adequate income."of messengers back and forth with insays that Enlil, king of the lands, has "High life in high places all over vitations, challenges, and complaints,

given him a mission, which is to take again,"F. observed. "What about the the visiting of each other's castles, the

vengeance on the Guti, who have feasts?"offended fairy who spoils the party,

'carried off the sovranty of Sumer to sinister or if lady in will, the you ErishEpic Nergal and "The of 11 Incidentally,the mountains.'castle, the dark her young romantic tell will if kegal all about them,"you

you are interested in the genealogy said the professor, opening the aphero with his adventurous band who of the epic milieu, there have been propriate text. The story opens as makes his point with the fatal lady

firstrate scholars who have insisted the gods meet for one of their usual exactly as Odysseus does with Circe.

our these identifying with Gution culture, is certainly peasant feasts; no high a they send messenger to This 12 Gothic ancestors! At any rate,own lords great and but the Erishkegal, a ways of strongminded Lady

the Guti King Tirigan had in the damsel who from her grim castle rules ladies."

best heroic manner sent a formal the largest but most distant domains Dr. Schwulst took another text

challenge to the chiefs and boasted of all the family. Since she never from the pile before him. "The Epic

him; standthat no up to man could visit castle to the other leaves said, her of the "is more he of Irra,"

fled to beaten, however, andhe was is instructed the gods, messenger Texts, the Like to same. Pyramid

one of his castles where, in the best invite her to send one of her own tells of the invasion and pacificationitsaga manner, he was betrayed and people to fetch a portion for her of the land, and it is very old. But

captured."festive Well, the board. from it when thing the about remarkable most

is all this heroic old and "How arrived lady's duly and runner the it to fact that is the been seems have

F. stuff?"inquired.feudal

to hall the get the entered banquet minstrel a sung composed by and who to "It goes the beginning and back portion, gods the merry promised castle castle exactly to from went is reply. "Itearlier,"parthe was joking. of their butt the him made ages! like of minstrels the the middle texts that archaicticularly in the

this disrespect of heard she When It kings, 'gods, society into divides is else to everyone byeveryone bound great lady the emissary, her shown scholars,'warrior, bards, with and ties caregivenoaths family and and the passion into a flew demanded and of the peasant: a poor never mention in aristocraticful rating the heraldic

life dared of individual had the who hierarchy. Here, for example, in treat her messenger so lightly: it was "May the god who honors this song accalls 'the oldest Deimel knownwhat... riches in storehouse. his cumulate May it to and was a grand dame, an insult

is inscription,'dethe poet's)royal king the king (the makes name who my injured mesborne. to be The not

far as rule as four the of rims the famous as office his receivingscribed from culidentify the to asked senger was earth. the (or warrior rubu) noble May of lands, the kingEnlil the makes who the treated prit, recites gods the of find praise valor the again but who myhim king of Uruk, king of the land, no whole matter as a huge joke and got match in battle. The bard who sings it

ofpriest Nisaba, prophet of Anu, shall shiptu, die in a not may his words be confused. That was hopelessly son him

pleasing to kings nobles. and of Patesi (the Gishkhuof Ukush destraw: the last Lady Erishkegal

of Nisba), approved prophet byand the all to access henceforward nied for 'heroic'ask a Could you more of greatpatesi of lands, the kingAnu in 10 life only flowed of that water of values statement that?"thanEnlil, understanding with endowed built she palace, and underworld her is asked. shiptu?"a Blank "What is mentioned Enki, name whoseby

it that see to walls around mighty reor there treason was "When of Enzu, minister Babbar, primeby it. to through got of gods the none bellion lord instead against a great (vassal) of Babbar,shakkanakku

it all, was for and death This meant of rulers individuals, the punishing of of child Innina,agent Nisaba, nourdeliver the to hero for some urgent revenge take would whole on comished milk holy with Ninhar-sag by predicament. their of gods from race munities;... such mass punishment was of fosterchild Nin-a-bukha-du,

That hero was the youthful Nergal, called a shiptu. It reflects a ratherthe lady of Uruk, etc. etc. 13 Family ties, personal qualification, formal son of Ea, the chief of the gods. With desperate state of things."

retainers trusted of fourteen a band love is the princes lost between "No elaborate all veryrecognition—it

the castle entered by a ruse, he their subjects, surand eh?"in anotherand exacting. Here

archaic text GimilSin, in his capacity prised the lady, and threatened to "Rebellion, underground opposiof priest of Anu whom Enlil has cut off her head, whereupon she oftion, and savage reprisals are the chosen as the beloved of his heart, fered him her hand in marriage and order of the day. Here is a king

makes a dedication to Shara, lord 'kingship over the wide Netherworld,'who says that his god 'pays no heed of heaven (that is also Anu's title) along with the Tablets of Wisdom by to the afflictions of the common peo510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA %&cSSP;

A scholarly attempt by the Reverend Thomas Brown to depict a vessel which is both an "ark"or box and a boat. The solution

of the problem is given in the book of Ether and confined by early Babylonian accounts.

pie.'And when one great lord curses thou with my awe inspiring fear shalt home office and watched over things

another he says: 'May the people of be clothed... in the conflict of weapgenerally. Now what Winckler

his city, having risen in rebellion, ons, warrior, thou who killest, gloripointed out and others have now constrike him down in the midst of his ously shall be adorned... the firmed is that a prehistoric net of

city.'17 The lords have their 'watchpeople shall gladly look upon thee merchant communications of vast exers'busy everywhere. 18 Here is an and reverence thee....'21 This epic tent actually involved the whole

epic poem which furnishes a good gives us also the point of view of the ancient world in a sort of chronic commentary on the way things were underdog: 'When ravaging enemies nomadism. The goods were not passed

run. It is called the Epic of Ninib, as if with darkness the land with defrom hand to hand, farm to farm,

and according to its editor 'must have struction had filled... when the pick village to village, as was once thought,

been composed soon after the suband shovel they had made us carry, but from the remotest times were jugation of, and victory over, all when but taxes they had made to be actually carried immense distances by those mountains which yielded the our reward (or wages)....'22 Furcaravan and ship for specific purseveral stones here mentioned.'19 The ther comment on the social order is poses of trade. 'It is a fundamental

high lord sits down to call the roll unnecessary."error,'Winckler writes, 'to think of

of his followers and reward them for "So Babylonian civilization was not the nonsedentary tribes of the antheir services by giving them lands the normal outgrowth of a primitive cient East as unaffected by the civiland domains. 'Dolerite!'he cries, callhoe-culture?"F. asked. ized point of view and way of life....

ing up one—-and that reminds one of "The common description of MesoWe must abandon entirely, for exthe 'mentioning of the name'the potamia as a river valley is liable to ample, the concept that the Arabs

'calling forth'and the honoring in give rise to images of its inhabitants live and lived in a world of their high places that we read of in so as a race of villagers and truck garown.... The Bedouins still move

many Sumerian and Egyptian texts deners. Somebody raised the vegeamong ancient cities that preserve to

Dolerite, of course, is a stone, but as tables, to be sure, but it was not the this day the plan and skyline of the editor observes, 'actions and deeds people who counted. A rereading of Babylonian towns—showing how

like these are not those of stones but Hugo Winckler's classic essay on the completely at home they were in of living persons.'The chief speaks essentially nomadic nature of Babythe Babylonian world.'On the other

warmly in Dolerite's praise: 'thou lonian civilization at all times should hand, he reminds us, it is equally

who in my battles forever hast been correct such notions, as Kramer's work false to imagine the ancient city a hero... who during rebellions is doing at present. Recently Deladwellers as stayat-homes. 24 The anhast proclaimed 'the lord, he alone porte has described the population of cient Babylonians always pictured

a hero is!... I the lord will greatly the valley as 'sedentary inhabitants their gods as engaged in two main

adorn thee, the arm of my heroship.'of the towns and nomads encamped activities, 1) tending cattle, and 2)

He calls him his righthand man who along the fringe of the desert.'23 But riding about in wagons. 25 Recently

has remained true when others reas in Egypt there was a constant goOppenhiem has pointed to 'the exbelled, and adorns him with rich ing and coming between the two. istence of migrant scholars in Mesopresents. 20 Rough, feudal times inAfter all from the beginning the impotamia'in the earliest times, and

deed; the king is called 'The royal portant people of Sumer belonged to many have noted that at all times

lord, the fearfulness of whose storm two classes, the military and the Asia has been overrun with pilgrims, is aweinspiring....'To another merchants—the priests were merely scholars, missionaries—that is, resupporter he says: 'Eliel stone! wise secretaries of a campaigning and ligious as well as commercial and

one, overpowerer of the mountain, acquisitive priestking who kept the (Continued on page 514)

JULY 1956 511 How Standard invested its money last year to meet your growing oil needs

Exploration for new oil sources cost $134 million. Standard Oil Company

of California produced oil and gas from more than 8600 wells Refinery ew Units to in the U.S., Canada

higher octane gasomake America South and line took a big of part the to supply your million $30 for spent we needs. petroleum

plant improvement.

;>.>V.sOk':.iv\A*-v..'

Petrochemicals for plastics and other new prod ucts; fertilizers and spr

for bigger crops, tool $20 million investment

Research and technical services cost nearly $13 million. One result

was a technique which promises to greatly increase yields from oil wells, helping conserve U.S. resources.

Transportation Facilities to bring our products from oil field to you were a $10 million item.

New and Modernized Service Stations from Alaska to Mexico cost $16 million, made Petroleum progress means...

Standard products more to keep pace with your needs,convenient for you.

oil companies must invest k productionexploration 1 | refineries I asphalt refineries ||| Standard marketing area $74U.S.billionfacilitiesin newby 1965

STANDARD IMPROVED its ability to serve you last year by investing $347 million for new production and distribution facilities and exploration. The rest of our $1 billion income

was spent on such items as wages and benefits for our 36,369 employees, supplies from more than 10,000 U.S. firms and

crude oil from independent producers. We paid a $107 million

tax bill, and our 119,793 stockholders received 7 of each dollar we took in as a return on their investment in the Company. 1956 1965

Demand for petroleum products will

If you wish a copy of our Annual Report for 1955, write to Standard Oil increase about 50% over the

Company of California, Rm. 2153, 225 Bush St., San Francisco 20, Calif. next ten years

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA puts petroleum progress to work for you 512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Part of Standard's earnings came from our work in supplying oil for other free nations

PARIS TAXIS, African river boats and Australian airliners production and exploration run on gasoline produced by Standard's affiliates. Last year

in addition to our Western operations, we* produced oil in 5 Eastern Hemisphere countries, processed it at 15 overseas refineries, supplied petroleum products to 67 countries outside refinery the Iron Curtain. The result was a big boost for industry of

Free World nations, conservation of U.S. oil reserves, and a

higher standard of living for the peoples of many lands.

marketing area If you wish a copy of our Annual Report for 1955, write to Standard Oil

Company of California, Rm. 2153, 225 Bush St., San Francisco 20, Calif.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA puts petroleum progress to work for you V

JULY 1956 513 THERE WERE JAREDITES

(Continued from page 511) In the next issue Professor Blank military travelers, who fondly believe places side by side two descriptions that they are imitating the wanderof a remarkable type of boat; the one

ing ways of the gods in the beginfrom the book of Ether, the other ning as they move from shrine to from Professor Hilprecht's study of shrine."20 the "ark"as depicted in three versionsNEAT "Like the wandering Gilgamesh?"of the Babylonian flood story to which

... because he's a Blank asked. the author adds a fourth text (No. xvi

"Thank you for getting us back to in Gadd's Reader).

professional painter the subject so tactfully. The Gilga- (To be continued)

mesh Epic as you know is the greatest BIBLIOGRAPHY

Babylonian epic, but it is full of ritual and not so conspicuously Palest,Teet, andCompar.Mesop.,Studyp. 26.of theWhetherLit. of Egypt,Prof.

'heroic'as many others. Still, GilSchwulst was quoting from memory or readgamesh is undeniably identical with ing from the text cannot be determined at

m the prototype of all knighterrants the present time.

and migrating heroes following the Creation2R. Labat,(Paris,Le 1935),Poeme p.Babylonien2. de la course of the sun—Schweitzer, Far- 'M. Witzel, "Zu den EnmerkarDichtun-

nell, Cook, and others have shown gen,"Orientalia 18 (1949), p. 273.

that he is our own Herakles."hid., pp. 265, 268; the whole text is trans-

"I mention this epic with a purlated"Ibid.,on pp.pp. 271-3.275280.

pose,"said Blank. "Everybody knows "C. J. Gadd, A Sumerian Reading book

how in his wanderings the hero Gil- (Oxford, 1924), p. 145. Rather than loadgamesh visited UtNapishtim, the ing our notes with references to texts we

Babylonian Noah, who told him the have never read, we shall lean heavily on illustrations. for our and Deimel Gadd

story of the flood."

'A. Deimel, Sumerische der Grammatik

"The original story of the flood, archaistischen Texte (Rome, 1924), p. 151.

by the way,"F. commented with Deimel reproduces all the archaic texts in

devastating emphasis. But Professor full.*Ibid., p. 159; cf. Gadd, op. cit., p. 147

Schwulst shook his head. "... let the lightning, thy messenger, go

"For forty years,"he said, "scholars before thee....'References to the kings as

shepherds are and extremely herdsmen convinced were that the Babylonian cf. numerous., 243, Deimel 246, 243, 144, pp. flood story found by in the Layard 111. 109, 55, 151, etc., Gadd, pp.

library of Assurbinipal 143; cit., p. he is also "the is 1. lEAT the word for any painting

just ib., job was what p. 324. done by your professional Painting you say—theat Ninevehoriginal lion9DeimeI,of the op.Desert,"Contractor. He makes it his business to careversion of the Genesis flood story. 10Gadd, op. cit., p. 105; entirely indisis the from Texts the Pyramid very they were wrong. Many of tinguishable shrubbery fully protect—andyourwithoutfurnishings,annoyingfloorsfuss oror But to Sumerian the Sun, in No. xxi Hymn the texts found in that seventhcen- bother.

it is 148-9; literthe perfect Gadd, pp. most

He has the tools and equipment necestury library contained statements to ary parallel imaginable.

sary a fast, to do thorough job effect on the any that they were merely cop- "Deimel, op. cit., p. 278; Gadd, op. cit., painting problem you inside may have—ies of older originals reposing much 65, 71. pp. or outside your home.

And his long experience assures you of in a far older temple library at Nip12H. V. Hilprecht, The Earliest Version

beautiful results that will give complete pur. When the University of Pennof the Babylonian Deluge Story, being Vol.

lasting and satisfaction. Fasc. V, Babylonian For names Expedition i, of The of sylvania finally got around to digging reliable Painting Contractors, call your the University of (PhilaPennsylvania of at Nippur, they disimmediately Fuller Paint Deader. delphia, n. p. 32, 4. These 1910), Guti

covered a version of the flood story no regular kings but only migratory chiefhad

the Assurbanipal text, and this Nippur op. "Deimel, cit., p. 133.W. P. FULLER & CO. versionsome fifteen hundred years older than tains, Deimel, p. 271. 'differs fundamentally from uIbid., 234f. pp.

the two Nineveh versions, and agrees 15A. Leo Oppenheim, "Mesopotamian

The West's leader FULLR most remarkably with the Biblical Mythology HI"Orientalia 19 (1950), pp.

story in very essential details both as 147154. The full text in P. Jensen,

AssyrischBabylonische Mijthen und Epen in paint and glass PAINTS to contents and language.'27 For a

(Berlin, 1900), pp. 74 ff.

& GLASS generation the educated had pro- "Oppenheim, op. cit., pp. 155-8.

claimed in loud and strident voices 17Deimel, op. cit., p. 316.

that finds the Nineveh had debunked sureBe to ask your Painting Contractor to all, the flood for story onceuse Fuller latex wall but when in lsIbid.,the Pyramidp. 238. ExactlyTexts, thelike Sumerianthe conquerorlord and woodwork paint

—FULCOLOR. the later discoveries debunked them "lets no sleep come to his eye,"(lb., 161);

He'll be glad to, because FULcolor goes in turn, everyone was expected to he is "the one with the farseeing eye."(Id.,

smoothly,on evenly, easily. It has no "painty"the In 162). the Elish four eyes Enuma polite preserve silence. a I cannotodor, so you can reoccupy a only room one tell four all of ears and that Marduk him for after blame leaping he'shour to conclusions, you finished. Choose your favorite goes in the directions on four op. (Labat, colorspaint from the famous Fuller friend, all since experts Jewel the did my cit., n. 30, p. 43). atCase your Fuller Paint Dealer. the same."28 (Continued page on 516)

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -orystsil IojelI! -for

Utah's future

Have you noticed the recent change in the metal bases of your light bulbs? Formerly they were made of brass, which contains

about three fourths copper. Now, because

of the shortage of copper and its high price during the past year, another metal is being substituted.

The changed light bulb is part of a trend to substitute cheaper metals and plastics for copper. It is spreading to such heavy users of

the "everlasting metal"as the automotive, electrical and plumbing industries, even though they prefer the qualities of copper.

If this trend continues, Kennecott faces the loss of important customers, which could ultimately reduce copper production in Utah and so affect the state's prosperity.

Kennecott is attacking the supply problem on three fronts. First, by striving for uninterrupted production at existing mines, mills and

refineries. Second, by research to develop

methods of recovering more copper from low grade ore. And third, by an exploration program to discover new mines.

If the trend of substitution is reversed, it will mean a rosier tint to Utah's future as seen through the lightbulb "crystal ball.',

: Sssir: ';r;s4Ii Kennecott Capper Corporation38<aS88e&SEgBW3

9Kmmm:MsS 3'"A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

JULY 1956 515 There Were Jaredites Get this NEW (Continued from page 514) 19Hugo Radau, Ninib the Determiner of

Fates, according to the Great Sumerian Epic

Lugal-e Ug... etc., (Univ. of Penna., Travel Booklet 1910), p. 28.

20Ihid., pp. 27, 36.

"Ibid., 44, 42, 52. 48, pp.

2 '2Ibid., the king p. 24, as appears where

'Savior'of his FREE the people from bondage, (p.

SIL. Delaporte, Les Peuples dl'Orient Mediat any terraneen (Paris: Presses Unisitaries, 1948),

p. 11.

Utoco Keilschriften2*Hugo Winckler,und das inAlteE. Testament,Schrader, Die3rd

Ed. (Berlin, 1903), pp. 169f, 22f. More

"... at once there is called up the astonishDealer recently. Sir Leonard Woolley has written:

ing picture of antediluvian man engaged in a commerce which sent its caravans across a thousand miles of mountain and desert from the Mesopotamian valley into the heart of India."(Digging up the Past

(Penguin Books, 1950), p. 116; cf. A. L.

Oppenheim, in Jnl. of the Am. Or. Soc,

74 (1954), p. 6; S. N. Kramer, Is. Expl.

]nl, III, 228f; A. Parrot, Mari une Ville

Perdue (Paris, 1945), p. 36.

ffiBruno Meissner, Die BabylonischAssy- rische Literatur (WildparkPotsdam, 1927), pp. 34f. 2aA. L. Oppenheim, in Orientalia 19, 158.

It's a handy pocketsize illus27Hilprecht, op. cit., p. 61..

BSAs recently as our own decade the jourtrated booklet of travel hints nalist M. Ceram could say of the Assurbaniand scenic attractions, full Gods,pal versionGraves,in andhis immenselyScholars (N.popularY.: Knopf,book

of tips on where to go, how fact1952),thatp. the278,primal"Impossibleversiontoof questionthe Biblicalthe

legend of the Deluge had been found."

to get there, and what to Nothing could be further from the truth!

see in Utah, Idaho, and parts of Washington, OreMissionary Spirit Dominates gon, Wyoming and Nevada.

Era Campaign Give your car the care it deserves totals to(Continuedduplicatefromtheirpagesuperior507) acat Utoco Dealers theircomplishmentbranches—evenof last entireyear. districtsMany of

where you expect more and you get it! qualified for the Hall of Fame.

Southern States Mission again, as

SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL init hastotalfor manysubscriptions.years, led allThemissionsonly

Church unit to send in more subscriptions was South Los Angeles.

This is even more outstanding in light of recent divisions and reorganizations within the mission.

Moapa Stake, with a membership of fewer than 2,000, had the honor of placing second in percent among stakes and third in the entire Church.

The place to stay The New England Mission and South

Los Angeles Stake were the only

The place to eat units with a higher percent. The

stake Era director for Moapa reported that as far as she knew there were 516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA only two or three LDS families in the whole stake who did not take the

Era. All five of their wards qualified

for the Hall of Fame. New Interest Period Starting NOW

Double Citation Winners Christopher Columbia Says...

stakes Seven missions and three SAVE citation. a double won To win it is, Miake Your Savings

an outstanding achievement. It means MAIL!

that the campaign must be balanced Pay YOU...

with both high totals and percents.

Eastern States Mission emerged as Make your money earn the most..

big.. lending 4%. Experienced the only triple citation winner—it alow overhead gifts... and no

placed high in totals and percent and lets us share the earnings with you.

received special recognition for showInvest with complete safety in ing the greatest gain in total subthis stategovernment supervised company. scriptions over last folyear. The All until received money

lowing stakes July fith Safety missions and were 15 earns from July 1. Open

double citation winners: South Los an account now either in

Angeles, Long Beach, Bountiful, person or by mail.

Falls, South Idaho Las Vegas, Glen- a [SUPERVISEDSTATE Big dale, and Horn. missions The

are: New England, Southern States, ElbertCurtisR

and Eastern States. President

SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. Robert V.

Hall of Fame SALT1056 EASTLAKE 21STCITY SOUTH6, UTAHST. HodgenExec.

Vice Pres.

The smaller units of the Church OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS*

R. Elbert Curtis T. J. Christiansen Louis H. Callister

Dr. J. Le L. Kimball Roy Leo the wards and branches—came in for Capson Sid N. Cornwall

their share of honors. The highest J. Fred Pingree Dee F. Anderson George A. Dixon

achievement of an Era campaign for wards and branches, and probably the most meaningful, is to be recognized in the Hall of Fame. To be so

recognized and receive a Hall of certificate,Fame a ward or branch r/3 MILLION WESTERN WONDERSmust secure equivaEra subscriptions lent to ninety percent or more of the families on record. This takes organProud of the eternal beauty and accelerated

ization, determination, and conviction progress in their fourstate homeland, of the highest type. of the Many

\ x/z million Intermountain Citizens comprise a "salesunits actually the every have Era in

Latterday Saint home, plus some force"that is a true "wonder of the west."Backing them

gift subscriptions to friends, Lamanup, with annual special editions as well as daily feaites, and investigators.

Stakes and missions to have the tures about the Intermountain West, is The Salt Lake most wards or branches qualify for Tribune, One of America's Great Newspapers which,

Hall of Fame certificates are: South

Los Angeles, 12 (every ward); Moapa, in this fourstate area is proud of its role as a

5 (every ward); Blackfoot, 5; Bountipotent force in development of scenic, natural and comful, 5; South Idaho Falls, 3; Phoenix, munity resources.

3; Snowflake, 3; Big Horn, 3.

Southern States, 24; New England,

15; Eastern States, 10; California, 9;

West Central States, 9; Central States,

7; Northern States, 7; Western States,

7; North Central States, 5.

One slightly disturbing element in the campaign was the decrease in subscriptions for servicemen. Less

than sixty percent of the servicemen are receiving the Era. Many stakes,

however, have reported that one hun- (Concludcd on following page) JULY 1956 517 MISSIONARY SPIRIT DOMINATES ERA CAMPAIGN

(Concluded from preceding page) nearly one hundred fifty thousand ing"campaign to make it truly the dred percent of their servicemen are homes! Thousands of Era workers greatest campaign the Era has ever

being sent The Improvement Era. have given almost countless hours of had. Our sincere hope is that the

This is as it should be, of course, for precious time to further this phase of purposes of the Era to build faith these young men separated from their the Lord's work. Sacrifices have been and testimony have been in large

families, friends, and Church need the made and personal desires have bepart realized and that thousands of stabilizing influence of the Era. They come a secondary consideration. A lives have been influenced for good

need to feel a tie with things at home. true missionary spirit prevailed through the writings of our inspired

They need to keep informed on docthroughout the "Better Home ReadChurch leaders and authors.

trine and the current program and progress of the Church. Thus, ti>>>9vNJ\3\3vN3v>>3s35S>s>J>

through reading what the whole is reading, a serviceman enChurch "\i6 anxious /loadJ... kinshipjoys a growing with the rest

of the Church which strengthens him. Richard L. Evans

This kinship and feeling of belonging a stanza today comes has to mind There of a hymn whichis most precious to those far away special for the the discouraged -* some meanings andfrom home.

heavyhearted, part of which consists of these two short sentences: "Why should this anxious load Press down your

weary mind? Haste to your Heavenly Father's throne, And

sweet refreshment find."1 As we look at people collectively

at passing people, at people in public places—it is likely

TWO SHOPPING that we know little of what hangs heavily on their hearts. It

is a good and challenging life, an interesting and satisfying

By Lucretia Penny life, but still people have their problems. No doubt, some

of our problems, some of our sorrows are not necessary. Some

into the clothing walkedUe invite shop of seemingly by our them we ourselves—sometimes one As hemisphere. a owned who

foolish decisions false standards, stubborn-... by pride, own

lady with wasThe who him Kept near him, proudly near. ness, sometimes by careless conduct. But aside from all

Shoppers turned to watch them selfinvited sorrows, aside from selfinduced difficulties, there

Go together down the aisles; are accidents and illnesses; there are reverses, failures, and

Some glanced at her with envy, frustrations, losses and loneliness, seemingly beyond our

All looked on him with smiles. control. There are those who are the victims of the careHe seemed the fewwords sort lessness or duplicity or evil intent of others. There are inAnd the one who spoke was she: nocent and injured bystanders in so many situations. Then

"We'll look at jackets, please. added to all these are the more or less commonplace probof ofHe's two, but let's try size three."lems providing—problems people—problems

pertain that and to employment—andof homedisfamily—problems

appointments, discouragement, and sometimes despondency.

All of this—or any part of it—could be a composite picture

of what is found in the thoughts and behind the faces of

Judging from the hundreds of letpassing people. Yet it is a good life, a life to be cherished,

ters received from servicemen exenjoyed, clung to, and pursued with the certainty of justice, pressing thanks for the Era, there is of mercy, of forgiveness upon repentance—and with the

little doubt that any group apprefaith and certainty of eternal plan and purpose. Troubles

ciates the Era more than the servicewe cannot always understand. All men have their troubles.

the cares come heavily, when the disappointmentsmen—and indeed, no group has a But when

greater need for it. There is a great are deep and discouraging, we need never feel alone, for life

potential for missionary work among is a privilege of high purpose; and as we understand our

servicemen and their friends by sendown feelings as fathers or our own love of loved ones, so ing the Era to our boys in the armed may we know that the Father of us all, who made us in forces. We are grateful to quorum his image, and gave us the high privilege and purpose of

presidencies and bishoprics who have life, understands us, and knows our needs; and as we seek

so faithfully supported the program him, he will not leave us alone. "Why should this anxious

Heavenly to your mind? Haste your Press weary down for loadof providing subscriptions Era

1 find."refreshment sweet throne, Father's And as suggestedservicemen by the general servicemen's committee of the

Church. L/ke Spoken lA/ora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

One cannot look upon the accomSYSTEM, APRIL 29, 1956 plishments of the past campaign withCopyright 1956 out a feeling of awe and gratitude. BookxHowCo. Gentle God's Commands, Philip Doddridge (Music by H. G. Naegeli). Deseret

Imagine, the Era is now going into 518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... tops in talent,

beauty MISS UTAH PAGEANT Saturdays at 10:30 p.m.

Families see

eye to eye

with

... tops in jun, KSLTV

films ROLFE PETERSON'S LATE SHOW Monday through Thursday, 10:30 p.m

in the Mountain West

JULY 1956 519 ON THE BOOKRACK

A STUDY OF LDS COMMUNICATION WITH A SHORTHAND

DICTIONARY (Lars G. Crandall and Edward L.

Christensen. Brigham Young University LOANS Press, Provo, Utah. 1955.)

A StudyShorthandof LDSDictionaryCommunicationhas beenwithcare-a MORTGAGE LOANS fully and skilfully prepared by Lars G.

Crandall, M. S., and Edward L. Christensen, Ph.D., Assistant Professors of FHA or Gl LOANS Business at Brigham Young University.

for Home Buying, Home Building, Home Improvement breviationsIt is a guideof LDSto capitalizationterms and willand giveabinvaluable help in spelling theological names. A model letter and the appropriate forms of LDS address will be useful. AUTOMOBILE LOANS dictionary of mostused The shorthand Easier, moneysaving, convenient

is well terminology written and LDS financing of your new car purchase extensive.

This publication will be of genuine

FAST, FRIENDLY, EXPERIENCED SERVICE. LOW RATES offices,assistanceandto tostake,any ward,stenographerand missionwho

works with recording and communicating activities of the Church. Florence

P. Evans, LDS Business College

THE RAINBOW OF ART

(Thomas Craven. The World Publishing Company, New York. 1956. 256

$4.95.) & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT pages.

South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. This exceptional book, with thirtytwo plates in full color of famous

paintings in addition to over 300 pictures in black and white, is one that tfWW '-''"'''should be in every home to encourage a true appreciation of art and history.

The book evidences painstaking care on the part of Thomas Craven and the publisher.

The author commences with the beginning of art from earliest times and continues through Egyptian, Grecian,

Roman, Italian, including the famous painters of the Renaissance, the Dutch,

English, and to the art of the Western

Hemisphere. M. C. ].

v,///////'OUR PROPHETS AND PRINCIPLES (Published by The Instructor, Salt Lake

City, Utah. 1956. 172 pages. $2.50.)

1-*—i I t Thecalvolumesections:is onedivideddealinginto fourwith logithe

have your children seen A Articles of Faith, one with the Prophet

Joseph Smith, one with the ancient apostles, and one with latterday prophets. The first two sections were written

by General Authorities: the Articles of

First Presidency the one the Goldfish Faithand thewasCouncilwritten ofbythetheTwelve;

he'spartofthetun X on Joseph Smith was written, with the of family dinner in the \ exception of one by John Henry Evans, by Presidents of the Church. The

biographical sections of the book dealCOFFEE SHOPI 5 K\ ing with the ancient apostles and latterHotel Utah r day prophets were prepared by Kenneth

S. Bennion and Harold Lundstrom, reMax Carpenter, Manager spectively.

(Continued on page 522) 520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PERFECT PAIR FOR EATING... FOR CANNING

yn Strawberries

<J z> cream.Some Otherslike 'emlikeon tolusciousenjoy tastyshortcakes,jams andtoppedjellieswithall plentythroughof thesugarsweetyear. Or youwhippedmay

prefer them with just cream and sugar. Whatever way you like them, strawberries V

and White Satin Sugar just naturally go together.

CO Available in handy 1-lb. cartons, there's Fine Granulated, Powdered, Brown,

Superfine Granulated, and Cubed. You can now get Fine Granulated, the allpurpose

sugar, in 5-lb., 10lb., 25lb., and 50lb. bags. Stock up today!

THE AMALGAMATED SUGAR COMPANY e White White Whit* So*** So*** Scti*1- SUGAR SUGAR Fl.HAM.iSUGARall [iH GIMUIJTEDHSUGAR SUGAR

JULY 1956 521 ON THE BOOKRACK (Continued from page 520) THE FAITH OF OUR

This is an essential volume that PIONEER FATHERS should be included in the book budget (Bryant S. Hinckley, Deseret Book Co.,

of every Latterday Saint since it proSalt Lake City, Utah. 1956. 268 pages.

vides inspirational doctrinal reading $3.00.)

"triumph in tone"and becomes an authoritative reference A cidentscompilationin theof livesfaithpromotingof twentytwoin- book.—M. C. /. (Concluded on page 524)

l/l/ko does kis fair dm Richard L. Evans

There is a sentence from an unidentified author which says -1- in substance: "There is no limit to the good a man can

do, if he doesn't care who gets the credit."1 But sometimes

theparisons—bygood that peoplecould bewhodonewantis slowedto makedownsure bytheypettydon'tcomdo

more than their share. A common complaint among children is expressed in the familiar phrase: "I've done more

with great emphasis on taking turns. DAYNES MUSIC CO. than he has"—and

The feeling is sometimes found in families where someone is HEADQUARTERS feels sure he is getting less or giving more. than his "fair

FOR share."Parents, generally, do their best to divide favors and

obligations fairly, but they cannot always weigh and measure each gift, each advantage, each chore, each assignment, with CONN mathematical accuracy. And what is a "fair share"under

DEMONSTRATIONS some circumstances may not be a "fair share"under others.

MODELS AVAILABLE FOR So many variables and unpredictable factors enter in that for is impossible a strict technical of every and measuring EVERY REQUIREMENT it task. a strict were to be But if there measuring and technical

There's a Conn model available to of every task, it would be readily apparent that the prefully satisfy ponderance of performance would almost always rest most installation requirement every playing—andfor

church, school, auditorium or heavily upon parents. And as between parents, there is a

home. No other organ, electric necessary division of labor that can seldom be measured as

electronic, offers or so much in to who does more. And since parents are willing to work traditional tone, organ performance and musical variety. Come as a team without trying too closely to measure their respecin at your convenience—at no tive tasks, so should children be, with the spirit of willingobligation.

ness instead of the spirit of petty comparison. In every close

PHONE EL 9-7633 association of people, there must be much of give and take, 17 withWith understandingsuch a spirit ahearts,home andcan withoutbe a heaven,being (andtoo technical.so could

aiines Music a country or a community). Even the least of us is so much

if all receiver, to that the measure weigh were and we we

E. 1st 15 SO. rrrrrrmmrn all effort, for against there reason be our have would own 5afrakeC/fy

145 NORTH 06DEN UNIVERSITY, PROVO /'2260 WASHINGTON BLVDV to peralways profoundly of us sometimes be grateful—and

haps somewhat ashamed—because all we have, others have

To You helped us to have, and all that we are, the Lord God gave the us. We are always in his debt and ever shall be, and we are

BRIDE always in the debt of parents and other people, present and and past. May God keep us from withholding service, from

GROOM withholding willing work because of petty comparisons, because of being afraid that our effort exceeds that of someBecause we would like to feel we, one else. If everyone were to hold back his service, his

too, in your found can participate new to serve your willing work, both materially and inside our very souls we happiness, we are ready every need with custom designed should be a poor and pitiable people.

wedding gowns that meet Temple requirements. And complete men's formal

attire. Jke Jpoken"ipohen WordWord PROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, MAY 6, 1956 inc. Copyright 1956

242 East South Temple DA 2-0252 Author unknown.

Salt Lake City, Utah 522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA! in glowing aluminum... the Rylock

Screen Door. Complete, with touch latch and automatic closer.

Can be installed in 30 minutes, with ordinary tools. Adjustable for

perfect fit. Screening easily replaceable if damaged.

Made by the manufacturers of the famous Rylock Window Screens.

Less Expensive Than You Think! See Your Rylock Dealer.

write us. Illustrated brochure on request. IJP—WindowCheck the andYellowDoor,"Pagesor of the Telephone Book under "Screens

77, WM By Jill RYLOCK COMPANY, LTD. SCREENSkm7/(iJifgmf SCREEN DOORSm&:::j:j::::::ii;:j: Factory and Main Office: 2485 Washington Avenue, San Leandro, California

sSw"Southern California Branch Office: 1922 So. Santa Fe Avenue, Los Angeles, California

JULY 1956 523 On the Bookracfc

page 522) BIND YOUR (Concluded from

ONLY of the General Authorities of the

Church, this book deals with nine Improvement Eras presidents of the Church, twelve memfor years of future use one of the First Council of the Seventy. $1003 bers of the Council of the Twelve, and

In the foreword the author says that these are, "Men of faith... who share

only S3. at a common faith in the Redeemer of

the world and in the conviction that

DESERET hismen.guiding... thehandsfaithdirectof ourthefathersaffairs didof

NEWS PRESS moremake thanit habitable.subdue theIt wildernessestablished andin

this western land the ideals of democracy, upheld the majesty of law, and planted here the love of peace, justice, and freedom... to make this faith

The valuable instruction and reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate live and grow in our hearts and in the will be Era in Improvement The matter for Up to 150 miles 43 hearts of our children...."in close at form hand bound volume

future use if you have each year's 150 to 300 m es.49 In addition to faithpromoting incithe Deseret issues by handsomely bound.59 to es 300 600 m these concerning are quotations dents

is necesplus cost Press. $3 The News Ees.73 to 1000 600 m outstanding given great 12 issues bound. for by other each postage sary men

.88 to 1400 m with 1000 All orders accompanied be must quotation this as for example people,

miles 1.06 to 1800 1400 in following advance. the payment Use

rate guide to determine postage costs. Over 1800 miles 1.23 of George Bernard Shaw: "Brigham

Young lived to become immortal in history, as an American Moses, by leadDeseret News Press inginto hisan peopleunpromisedthroughland."the wilderness

THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS No one can read of these men and his own faith. L. 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH strengthened.their faith withoutH. Wfeeling

MAUDE ADAMS

Beauty Your Budget New(PhyllisYork.Robbins.1956. 308G. P.pages.Putnam's$5.00.)Sons,

Can Afford/ Maude Adams, for whom James M.

This is the fresh, new Barrie wrote Peter Pan, has become vibrant style your good a household name throughout the taste demands... the United States, and particularly a name

practicality your busy to conjure with in Salt Lake City and day requires.. Utah. Born in Salt Lake, she spent

her early childhood in that area. Her

grandparents lived there, and her mother returned to spend the last years of her life in Salt Lake City. Many

of the things she loved were closely associated with her early life in Utah.

When she saw the Alps, she said, "The

Alps are inspiring, but not friendly like the mountains that protect the lovely valley of Salt Lake. * * * my childhood

had been guarded by the kindly

Wasatch Range, and the Rockies were friends from my beginning. Of course

the mountains of Switzerland were magnificent, but the lower slopes were not so wild as our Western mountains."

Maude Adams'acting is still recalled with vividness in the theatrical world.

And her work with lights served to

BROTHERS OF revolutionize the stage effects and enCALIFORNIA SCULPTURED black metal hance drama. This biography of

DINING FURNITURE Maude Adams by a close friend will

Send 10c for booklet, "Things to know about Contemporary Furniture."Address Dept. I please those who have learned the

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO., Los Angeles 45, California legend about her and those who would

Available at Leading Furniture and Department Stores wish to have brush off on them some "GOD GRANTS LIBERTY ONLY TO THOSE WHO LOVE IT. AND ARE ALWAYS READY TO GUARD AND DEFEND JT."Omiel we&ster of the Maude Adams'magic.—M. C. J.

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Handcarts of 56 a, good fence (Continued from page 502)

settle to outwent with Captain up Ellsmakes a, good neisliJoor of! startworth and saw them in good earnest to the tune of "some must pull, etc."

(Can't move without that.)

The second company left Florence on July 24th. The third company,

composed almost entirely of emigrants from Wales under the direction of

Edward Bunker, arrived at Florence on the 19th of July and set out across the plains on the 30th. Latey's comment on the delays caused in Florence

is significant as related to the two remaining companies of that season.

The companies stay here longer than they otherwise would in consequence of the carts being unfit for their journey across the plains; some requiring new axles, and

the whole of them having to have a piece of iron screwed on to prevent the wheel from wearing away the wood. 17

The optimism of those directing the handcart movement is reflected in a letter from Erastus Snow to John

Taylor written on September 15.

So far as is yet known the experiment start your with handcarts is likely to succeed quiteas well as the most ardent advocate of the Good JSTeiglHoor measure could have anticipated. At our

latest advices the advance companies werein the regions of Fort Laramie and all were with fencing from TRISTATE in excellent health and spirits, moving on finely and far outstripping the ox train. 18 A good fence means protection, privacy

and beauty. and TriState has every The new experiment, however, did otRAT/Q variety for home or farm... for town ornot always present a picnic prospect.

There were those who weakened and country. See us for steel or wooden fences,

withdrew from the ranks along the posts, and fencing supplies. No down

way, and those who hesitated on the payment. Terms as low as $5 per month.

borders of the plains to undertake the 2385 journey at all. An interesting contrast in the feelings of some of those

who faced the prospects of a thousandmile overland journey on foot ap- L U B E CO.

pears in contemporary correspondence. Writes one of a family that

hesitated at the sight of the handcarts:

We think it will be better to remain here [Williamsburg] or at St. Louis for atime until we are able to help ourselves to ft Siantp hmif

... to sella wagon. have would Why, we juSf

all clothes!nearly shall our what And we Mail To

do for things to wear when we get to Extension Division - Home Study the Valley? Seventeen pounds weight each University Brigham Young

very little.is but BYU Home Study Provo, Utah

240 Courses Offered The answer from a relative remainUniversityRegular BYUCreditFaculty Name ing in England represents the other Street extreme and is sharp in its rebuke. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY City and State

Please withoutExpressing send me receiving cost Brigham pleasure at the Extension Division - Home Study

University's Young catalog. STUDY HOME (Continued page) on following PROVO UTAH

JULY 1956 525 fine roads weather was and the THE HANDCARTS OF '56 the

I excellent; were although and was

(Continued from preceding page)... There are hundreds in England who sick and we were all tired out at night

tears prayed begged for and your with it was a glorious way to we thoughtletter the foregoing from which of was haveprivilege going but to Zion been have to Zion."taken, the writer goes on: it. it! 20 come to unable slight get you And now

In contrast again is the report from to pleasure great But was changed my unfeignedpain the A member of the third company J. H. Latey writing from Florence: sorrow read and when I

contents.... There is not one atom of the wrote that her husband was offered There are others, for I have seen both

spirit of Zion in it but the very spirit of many inducements to remain in Iowa sides of the picture... [who] are allured

. fine othersapostasy. wages; promises high and to his for at as by trade as high work

is are there of faith that nature family to stay not whose and You invite.. me my

that ten dollars a day, but concluded. sisters, the trials are called they to stand in.. Brothers, York.awhile upon New

for inducement money was no they to undergo, to fiftyfathers, or back out they mothers, and from five put a when of in three of hundred.stumbling block a company in the way to Zion. 21 to get my salvation anxious were "Many

are to Gentiles. nothing more me than said, settlers she the As of road,"along in delay City doubt the Iowa Nofor will serve the house and my we me along of us walked fun "made as we start willLord to serious Florence go right and conwhen we we and set many

up to Zion if we go ragged and barefoot. pulling our carts, but we did not care; sideration of what course to take and

led to withdrawals, either temporary or permanent, from the ranks of the migrating companies.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

CHILD IN THE CHAPEL

Prepares YOU By Remelda Nielsen Gibson

Che folded her arms and bowed her head

For Tomorrow's Tasks Whenwere said;prayer was offered and blessings

She reverently sat without a sound

While the Sacrament was passed around.

looked at the book when hymns were Jhrouah—She sung

But seemingly uttered a different tongue.

Surely God watched her approvingly,

TEACHING For the fine example was only three.

A large staff of distinguished faculty provides instruction of the highest calibre in 47 departments of eight The first two companies arrived in colleges, and the Graduate School, School of Nursing, Salt Lake Valley on the 26th of

Division of Religion and September. They were met near the

ROTC. mouth of Emigration Canyon by

Presidents Young, Kimball, and Wells, with military and band escort. Captain Ellsworth's company arrived

RESEARCH first, closely followed by Captain in research Graduate all of McArthur's. "The line of march,"

is availthe departments able through the Graduate reported the Deseret News, "was

School, and BYU is conscarcely taken up before it began to vital studies ducting of imbe met by men, women, and children, schools, to science, portance business, church, and nation. on foot, on horses, and in wagons,

thronging out to see and welcome the first handcart companies, and the numbers rapidly increased until the living tide lined and thronged South

Temple Street."23 An eyewitness SERVICES

wrote BYU is unexcelled in its services to students, such As they came down the bench you could housing, as counseling, for dust. they see the them When culscarcely entertainment, health,

folks the running City the entered came tural programs, and opportunities to participate in from every quarter to get a glimpse of the music, drama, social, and long lookedfor handcarts.... I shall never

religious activities. forget the feeling that ran through my

whole system as I caught the first sight of them. The first handcart was drawn by a

man and his wife. They had a little flag

FOR INFORMATION WRITE THE REGISTRAR, PROVO, UTAH on it, on which were the words, "Our president, may the unity of the Saints ever show the wisdom of his counsels."

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The next handcart was drawn by three Lake trip, we would give the handcart the handcart disaster to "misunderstanding beyoung women.... The tears ran down preference over any other mode, unless we tween the Liverpool and New York offices."

the cheeks of many a man who you would had fine teams and so few of other traps His account, based largely on the John have thought would not, could not, shed a as to enable us to take plenty of corn for Chislett diary, and an anonymous "eyetear. 21 the animals."witness"account reflects considerable bias.

''Latterday Saints Journal History, No- ""Millennial Star, XVIII:637.

The third company joined the vember 9, 1856. lflFrom Pioneer Songs—21 Pub. by Daughothers in the valley on October 2. "Millennial"Ibid., XVIIL713.Star, XVIII: 122. ters'"Millennialof the UtahStar,Pioneers,XVIII:638.1932.

Summarizing the journey of these 10Latterday Saints Journal History, OctolsLatter-day Saints Journal History, Sepcompanies, the News reported that the ber 2, 1856. From Miss Priscilla Merriman tember 15, 1856.

mortality rate had been less than the Evans'diary. '"Millennial Star, XVIII: 369.

20Ibid., XVIIL36937I. J. G. Willie'saverage attending the ox trains; that Narrative.xlIbid., November 9, 1856. 21Latterday Saints Journal History, Octothey had often traveled twenty -five 12Ibid., November 9, 1856. Wm. Woodward ber 2, 1856.

and thirty miles a day and would letter. Millennial Star, XVIII:637.

had they not been obliged to wait "Ibid., October 2, 1856; November 9, 1856. Deseret News, VL236.

upon the slow progress of the ox Saints,"Stenhouse,p. 342.T. StenhouseB. H. RockyattributesMountainthe temberLatterday29, 1856.Saints Journal History, Septeams carrying the tents and supplies.

The handcart episode has been remembered popularly by the tragedy that unfortunately crept into it. The

disaster that befell the last two companies of 1856 must receive due atHIGHER EARNINGS ON tention as part of the handcart story,but the movement as a whole must SAVINGS ACCOUNTS!

not be lost sight of. The experiment

was not without success and would likely have continued over a longer period had not other developments intransportation methods brought it to NOW CURRENT RATE a close. It should be kept in mind PER ANNUM

also that the Mormon immigration for 1856 was not made up entirely of Compounded handcart members. Out of a total SemiAnnually

of 3756 immigrants, only about half, or 1978, were P.E. (perpetual emigration) passengers listed to travel by ON ALL ACCOUNTS

handcart; three hundred and eightyOF FROM $1 TO $25,000

five were booked to go through on their own means, and the balance was to remain in the states for the season. FREE GIFTS

(To be concluded) for new accounts

REFERENCES $50 or more Sheaffer Fine Line Pen or Pencil $100 or more Sheaffer Pen and Pencil Set

Millennial Star XIV:27. $500 or more Travel Clock or Electric Clock

2Ibid., XI, 278.

$850 or more G. E. Steam Iron

3Sixth General Epistle, October 1851,

Millennial Star XIV:23. $1500 or more G. E. Portable Radio

Hbid., XVII:813814. $2500 or more G. E. Clock Radio

5Ibid., XVIII:54.

"Ibid., XVII:813814. Quoting from FlorSAVINGS POSTMARKED BY THE

ence Courier, which described an eastbound 31st EARN FROM THE FIRST!

party of missionaries with handcarts: "...

General impression upon the mind of the Since 1919 public is that the handcart is the slowest and most laborious mode of conveyancethat can be used. From the report of this UTAH SAYIIGS

party and of others we are inclined to think AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

it reverse. exactly the party This was but

19 Fort days in Laramie, a PROVO, UTAH coming from of ofdistance over average miles—an

Savings Association and Loan miles27 per days they 25 Utah made 520day—some 65 University North Avenue ismiles. traveling certainly not slow This

Provo, Utah reflect incontheand we upon when many veniences to which a traveller is subjected Enclosed is remittance of.with which to open

with his horses, mules, and oxen in crossmy account. Please send pass book and free gift to:

of Plains;ing streams, the the crossing

NAME selection ofdanger stampedes, of camping

. STREET cattle, forplace tethering the working and

with them morning and night, we are inCITY ZONE STATE clined to think that for a California or Salt

JULY 1956 527 Melchizedek Priesthoodposition in the Quorum of the Twelve according to the dates of their ordinations. It may be that the position of

ofOrdinations and Settings Apart- (Continued) one of them would be President the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.

The official action of selecting and

Reorganizing of the First... He knew that the action taken by sustaining a new President of the

Presidency Not to be Delayed the Council was according to the mind Church is done in a meeting of the of the Lord, and will for it had shown been several First Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. The earlier that days the him

President John Taylor directed the Presidency should be reorganized before President of the Twelve is selected to

Church in the capacity of Presithe next conference. succeed the deceased President as

dent of the Twelve Apostles for prophet, seer, revelator, trusteein- over three years after the death of President of the Twelve Apostles trust and President of the Church of

Brigham Young. It was on October to Become President of the Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. He

10, 1880, that he and two Counselors Church is sustained by the unanimous conwere sustained as the First Presidency sent and approval of the members of of the Church. On March 28, 1887, in response to the Quorum of the Twelve. This acPresident Wilford Woodruff dithe following question: "Do you know tion is taken under the inspiration of

rected the Church for nearly two of any reason in case of the death of the Lord and in complete harmony years as President of the Twelve the President of the Church why the with the system instituted through inApostles before he selected two CounTwelve Apostles should not choose spiration by Christ's apostles followselors and was sustained as President some other person than the President ing his death and also the system esof the Church. of the Twelve to be President of the tablished through inspiration from

Church?"President Wilford Woodthe Lord following the martyrdom of

Not very long before his departure from ruff wrote: the Prophet Joseph Smith. This certhis sphere of action, President Wilford tain pattern has been established in

told his brethren, theWoodruff immediate associates, that will not the of the I know several reasons why they should the kingdom of God. it was

Lord that in the future there should be a not. First, at the death of the President Since it is the established practice

lengthy period elapse between the death of of the Church the Twelve Apostles become to select, appoint, and sustain the of presiding authority the Church, andthe of the President Church to of Apostles President the Twelve is really 1and reorganizathethe of President the the Twelve Presidency.tion of the First President, the succeed the deceased of his President virtue of the by Church

office as much while presiding over the apostle who is serving as President

Following the death of President Twelve Apostles as while presiding over his of the Quorum of the Twelve at the

... of the counselors. Second, in caseWoodruff, President Heber J. Grant two of the selection time a new President

it takes of the of the President death Churchstated: appointed to be is the one is made of to the the majority apApostles Twelve

of the President Church. is it point the President of the Church, and

told [the Brother us AposTwelve Snow to very suppose unreasonable that the majoroccasion, except in the each Ontles] of instructed that the in he was Lord ity of the to could be converted Quorum of cases President and F. Smith Joseph after the night Presidentthe Temple the indepart course out from marked by

to the Presiorganize Presidency the died PresidentWoodruff O. David McKay, spiration at the Apostles followed by and

... 2of once. at the Church of Apostles the dent been Twelve had of the Christ the death Twelve and by

Apostles at the death of Joseph Smith.6 serving for some time in that capacity

On September 2, 1898, President when he was chosen and ordained to

Woodruff died. Acting in harmony Selecting, Sustaining, Ordaining, be the President of the Church. In

with the Lord's instructions through and Setting Apart a New the cases of those two brethren, howhis prophets, only eleven days after President of the Church ever, prior to the death of the Presithe death of President Woodruff, the dent of the Church, they had been apostles met in the Salt Lake Temple First—Selecting the New President serving as Counselors in the First

in a council meeting, with President of the Church: Presidency. In each case upon the

F. and JosephGeorge Q. Cannon of of the President the Church, death President of the the death Upon

their posiproperSmith occupying righthis these took brethren each of of Christ, the of Jesus the Church tions this meeting At in the quorum. of ful position the in the Quorum First disorganized. Presidency becomes

unanimously"... Lorenzo Snow was Apostles, position was which of Twelve the counselors In the cases where

sustained by the apostles as President the deceased President previously had that of President of the quorum. Thus

ofof of LatChrist Jesus the Church these cases with were identical two the apostles, following ordained been 3 of address Saints."In histerday others the received the appointwho of of the President the Church, deathacceptance, President Snow said: these counselors take their rightful ment of President of the Church in

juvenile Instructor, vol. 36, p. 660. that they were at the time of their

421. mid., p. op. cit., p. 421. 2Romney,

F. BMatthias Cowley, Wilford Woodruff, p. 561. appointment officially acting in the mid., p. 420.

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

capacity of President of the Quorum It is the prerogative of the President Fourth—Counselors in the First

is the right of The Counselors to the President of of Second—Sustainingthe Twelve Apostles. the President ofterdaythe ChurchSaints, ofasJesusit Christ of LatPresidency as Apostles:

of the Church by the Vote of the presidents serving in other positions the Church are high priests. They

Priesthood and the Body of the of the Church, to select his counmay or they may not be ordained to

Church: selors. The President of the Church the office of apostle. If the President

After the President of the Quorum is at liberty to select his Counselors of the Church chooses to bestow the of the Twelve Apostles has been seanywhere within the entire Church, apostolic calling upon his counselors, lected, appointed, and sustained by wherever he may find the men the he receives the approval of the Quoapostles to be President of the Church Lord wants to fill those positions. He rum of the Twelve. Then the counof Jesus Christ, the one chosen is may be inspired by the Lord to seselors are presented to the body of the

thereupon presented to the priesthood lect the counselors who had served Church for its sustaining vote in reof the Church, as well as to the body under the previous President, but he gards to their appointment as aposof the Church, at a general conferhas no obligation to do so. He may tles. They are thereafter ordained

ence for a sustaining vote. He is see fit through the direction and inapostles by the President of the

sustained in the position of trusteespiration of the Lord to select his Church. Upon receiving the aposin-trust and President of the Church Counselors from among the members tolic appointment and ordination, the

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, counselors take their places in the

President of the Holy Melchizedek from the members of the First Counline of apostles according to the date

Priesthood, prophet, seer, and revelacil of the Seventy, from the Assistants of their ordination; however, they do

tor to the Church of Jesus Christ. to the Apostles, from the Presiding not serve as members of the Quorum

Each quorum of the priesthood votes Bishopric, or from the membership of the Twelve at that time, since they separately; and the body of the of the Church at large. There have are serving as Counselors to the PresiChurch also gives its sustaining vote. been examples of each of these in the dent of the Church.

Third—Setting Apart of the Presihistory of the Church. If the President of the Church does dent of the Church: Second—Sustaining the Counselors not desire to have his Counselors orThe person appointed by the Lord in the First Presidency: dained to the office of apostles, they

and approved by the common conAfter they have been approved by serve as his Counselors as high priests sent of the members of the Church to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, in the Church who have been espethe Counselors in the First Presidency cially called and set apart to be Genbe the President is set apart to that are sustained at a general conference position. This setting apart to the eral Authorities and Counselors to

to of in a similar that the Church way of position of President the Church of the President Church. the Under

for sustaindescribed the which was is of the done the by members Quorum circumstances, the those death upon of ing of the President the Church.

is It of Apostles. the through Twelve his of the the of President Church, the Apart Counof Third—Setting priestof the the authority power and their take proper Counselors would: selors

the keys are held and hood which priests'in places in the high quorums First Presiin the Counselors The give Apostles which Twelve by the in accarry their stakes forward and office their to are set apart dency and officiating the of the Twelve member the right, authorization, and power calling by the President of the cordance with any appointments of God to confirm all the keys, powers, Church. which they may receive.

graces, and blessings upon the President of the Church and to set him apart to that great and holy position in the kingdom of God. As PresiTHESE TIMES

dent Joseph Fielding Smith has said:

"The Twelve, therefore, in the setting (Concluded from page 482) values important to mental health reapart of the President do not give healthy religious activity is conducive ceive their nurture, are eroded, derailed, him any additional priesthood, but to peace of mind and the ability to grapor even sometimes destroyed by the confirm upon him that which he has ple with overwork, tension, and the demands and whirl of the secondary already received; they set him apart hurryhurry-hurry of modern life. Sogroups. The safeguarding and nurture

ciologists family report that the and of complete its mento the office, which is their right to health—including

are groups friendship primary on the tal the family is therefore do."aspects—in in replaced decline being America,

first of importance.

by purely "functional"social groups

Counselors to the President of (luncheons, clubs, professional and It is time to take seriously the admonithe Church trade societies, women's auxiliaries to tion to devote some of our energies to

First—The President Selects his thecommunitysame, andactivity).some typesTheofresultchurchis thatand votefamilyourlifemeansand livingto betteras wellhospitalas to caredeCounselors: the family and primary groups, where and cure.

JULY 1956 529 The Presiding

Senior Members

Study Guide For Ward TeachersDesirable Dualities Listed for Group Advisers July 1956 Would you be a successful group adThere is Strength in Family Prayer viser? Partake then of the ingredients that make for success. HonEvery home needs the blessings and the strength that come from daily

esty, faith, humility, love, diligence, communion with God. In his sermon to the Nephites, the Savior instructed

them to "Pray in your families unto the Father, always in my name, that enthusiasm, knowledge of the gospel, and selfdiscipline are basic foundation your wives and your children may be blessed."(3 Nephi 18:21.)

stones upon which all group advisers Family and secret prayer should be observed, not alone to comply with should build. the commandment of the Lord, but because of the wonderful blessings

Honesty is not only the best policy, and strength that are to be gained. The differences and irritations of the

it is the only policy upon which friendday melt away as families approach the throne of heaven together. Unity

ship and confidence can be won. Exagincreases. The ties of love and affection are reinforced, and the peace of

gerations and deceptions may at times heaven enters the homes where prayers are said. Children who participate in

seem justified, but lasting good will not family prayer learn to know that He lives; that he cares for them; and as

come from their use. their prayers are answered, they learn that prayer is a source of strength,

Faith in God and one's fellow man of peace, and in times of trouble, consolation. Tranquility, peace of mind,

is essential for one who would reprefaith, and assurance are manifested in the inner lives of those who come sent God and instil faith in others. from homes where prayer is part of the daily family life. Those who learn

Humility is a jewel in the crown of to place their trust and confidence in the Lord do not feel forsaken, alone, character. It gives a man the common and helpless in times of sorrow, losses, and disappointments.

touch. It puts him in a position to bet- "When you get up in the morning,"said Brigham Young, "before you

ter understand those with whom he suffer yourselves to eat one mouthful of food, call your wife and children works. together, bow down before the Lord, ask him to forgive your sins, and

Love is the greatest of all virtues. It protect you through the day, to preserve you from temptation and all evil,

embraces all that is good. It overlooks to guide your steps aright, that you may do something that day that shall

the weakness of others and reaches out be beneficial to the kingdom of God on the earth. A father—the head of

to help those in need. It is the driving the family—should never miss calling his family together and dedicating

force that causes men to sacrifice for himself and them to the Lord of hosts, asking the guidance and direction and serve others. He who sincerely of his Holy Spirit to lead them through the day—that very day... if we

loves his fellow men will find the way do this every day, we will be prepared to live a higher glory."

to their souls. Yes, there is power in prayer. Let us help to provide the members of

Diligence is measured not only in our household the power and strength they need to meet each day's problems, quantity but even more in quality. temptations, and labors through family prayer. It is true, indeed, that "if

It drives a man to greater efficiency. It parents would pray more with their children while they are young, they

adds satisfaction to accomplishment. would need to pray less for them when they are older."

Enthusiasm is the spark that lights the fire of action. The group adviser INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR AUGUST 1956

with enthusiasm or who acts enthusiastic motivates others to activity in the Attendance at Sacrament Meeting an Essential Principle of the Gospel

Church. Regular attendance at Sacrament meeting is required of all Latterday Saints.

Knowledge of the gospel is a basis for The Lord, in this dispensation, has commanded members of his Church to attend confidence. The group adviser who this meeting. The Sabbath day cannot be properly observed unless we are in

doesn't know the gospel is much like the attendance at this revealed meeting. The primary purpose of attendance at this

salesman who doesn't know the product meeting is to partake of the Sacrament. There are also other blessings attending

he tries to sell. those who are thus obedient.

References: (D & C 59:8-21; 69:29; 84:44; 88:7778.)

MILO DEACONS SET RECORD Deacons in Milo Ward, East Rigby (Idaho) Stake, won the coveted stake recognition for maintaining the highest average attendance (70 percent) at both priesthood and Sacrament meetings for 1955.

Roy Coles, quorum adviser, and Aaron Robinson, counselor to Bishop

Eli Theron Cox are at the far right. 530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Ward Teaching Visits Faithful Ward Teacher Travels 1550 Miles

Totaled for 1955 Colder William E. Thornton, presiding Elder

IN the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthe ofWesconnettthe StarkeWard,Branch,FloridadependentStake, travon day Saints, the ward teaching proeled more than 1550 miles during 1955 to gram is considered as "big business."A complete his ward teaching. To visit the

glance at the total number of visits scattered families in his ward teaching area, made by ward teachers during 1955 is Elder Thornton travels more than 130 miles convincing proof of the program's coloseach month.

sal size. There were 2,700,385 visits His conscientious devotion to his ward

made last year by ward teachers or an teaching duties resulted in a perfect record average of 225,032 visits each month. of visits during each of the months of

To accomplish this momentous task, month.1955. No family was missed for a single

there were as of December 31, 1955, a the Elder year had During Thornton total of 108,044 ward teachers enrolled teaching the from ward companions many in the program. groups Priesthood always Aaronic who

Assuming that it took an average of companied him in his visits. acfifteen minutes for each visit, it would Such devotion to duty is a standard of

require 675,096 man hours to complete excellence to which many, if not all of us, the task. Breaking this total down into may look.

eighthour days, and counting two teachers per district, we discover the William E. Thornton

amazing total of 168,774 days required to perform ward teaching responsibilities last year. LINROSE WARD, FRANKLIN (IDAHO) STAKE

EXCELS IN AARONIC PRIESTHOOD From these figures, we have determined how many visits were made and the time required to complete them.

But there is another story which is not so encouraging. The 2,700,385 visits

made represented only seventyfour percent of the total of the visits that should have been made. In other words, 948,766

more visits should have been made to make a perfect record.

No doubt among the twentysix percent of those not visited were those who needed the ward teachers. There were

among this number families who were not visited once during 1955. These

figures should remind stake and ward seals, thirteen enrolled, individual percent Priesthood awards, Aaronic eight 100 Fifteen necessity of the leaders teaching in ward five 1 pins, records 100 percent Priesthood twelve attendance since Aaronic January

It efforts. their for extending is to be this record (Idaho) challenging Linrose Franklin Stake. from year—a Ward,

hoped that further improvement will be Stake President Henry H. Rawlings presented the awards and the ward Aaronic

made in 1956 eliminating the number of Priesthood award. In addition to President Rawlings, Bishop Raymond R. Hobbs and

visits "not made."counselors, and quorum advisers are included in the photograph.

Sustained Progress. The

is evidence chart Aaronic Priesthood Awards of the Records of Individual in excellent consistency 19441955 performance of duty by our Aaronic Priesthood 25,000 vW their leaders bearers and of nearly 20,000 o>om span across a twelve years. Every year

larger record 15,000 brought a t>c3 -I before. year than the

However, we must not 10,000 increased the overlook i>. 1 ill1 1 I 1 for 1956 requirements

a. if - - to are our maintain we 1 1 1 <a. 1 1 1 1 of gain. record annual

One half of the year is Year 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 gone. How do you TotalsAward 5,332 6,761 8,488 10,278 11,768 12,773 13/483 13,850 15,062 18,145 24,965 26,269

stand?

JULY 1956 531 Location and Size

The matter of convenience of the food storage room should be emphasized because, if a rotation system is followed (see previous articles in this series in The Improvement Era, May and June 1956) this reserve will be a virtual kitchen pantry to be drawn upon constantly for older stock and to be replenished continually and kept

full two years'supply. A saving ofBuilding a Food Storage Room at its maximum requirements for a

if will steps realized the be time and

is (Third in a series of articles on the family food storage program.) storage floor the room on ground

and convenient to the kitchen. Some

is there ilies ideal month, food no in turn the construction mayAs discussed in this section last merely as suggestions to which famfamilies are arranging facilities adutility to their jacent room. have We

all for storage families, condition preparation their of and own faciliin storage that a heard one home 1 all all situations, for for foods. ties. and feel that because you Do not built garage. the room was beneath

Inasmuch as some foods require a cool may not be able to have the best, you The garage had cement flooring, and damp atmosphere and others cool dry will have none at all. Knowing the the walls of the room were cement

storage, various types are important. basic essentials for storing various also, thus providing not only storage

However, with thoughtful reasoning foods (see The Improvement Era, space but also an air raid shelter.

planning, one could proband room

June 1956, p. 468) you can intelliProperly constructed and situated, for ably the average be adapted family. This may be in the basement gently adapt to your requirements. such a room will be used daily and

to will pay for itself many times over or an out building near the back door On the other hand, work and plan of the home. For limited facility, eventually build adequate facilities through the years of service. Howmound or pit storage can be practised, for a one to two years'food supply in ever, basement storage can be equally

but such is not adaptable for all your home. effective although remote from the

foods. food preparation center. If such is

The following discussion is given authoritativeThe informationsources hereinunless is otherwisebased uponindicated.facts from {Continued on page 534)

12'0"

Building Paper (Asphalt) on Outside-? Rockinsulationwool Foundation ie4—2"x 4"Stud

False Floor '

—r

Waterproof all interior concrete surfaces. 2"space

nsulation in Door FLOOR PLAN ELEVATION DETAIL

insulation

BASEMENT STORAGE

WATER PROOF PAPER is applied to warm side of wall to prevent sweating of walls. This will be inside of studs on outside

walls and outside of studs on walls joining heated basement.

VENTILATION outlet should be near ceiling, may be ordinary window replaced with insulated door.

ENTRANCE DOOR to storage room must be insulated.

BINS for apples and vegetables must be lidded and tight with 'Waterproof movable partitions to separate different stored products. Portable

bins allow for cleaning and airing outside.

VIEW IN PERSPECTIVE Reproduced courtesy USAC

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Farmfresh honey, natural golden flour...make

Sugar ///NABISCO |f WM HONEY GRAHAMS lap/

H

Finest, freshest ingredients make these grahams wholesome - delicious. And Nabisco bakes them crisp - tender - golden

brown. Perfect for children - they digest so quickly, don't

spoil appetites. Ask for Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams

they're the best!

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

Jk*i **0? <%fiZ!i

JULY 1956 533 RUIIDING A FOOD STORAGE ROOM

(Continued from page 532) economy of money in the type of incontemplated, seek the coldest spot, sulation chosen and the economy of logically the northeast corner, if this space required. Perhaps a more exis not near the furnace or some other pensive insulator would be a greater

heat emitting appliance. saving where space is at a premium.

"Poor ventilation and a wide variaFrame walls are most common and tion in temperature limit the value of in one respect very practical in that the attic as a storage place. Cross wood is a partial insulator itself. Cinventilation will help to prevent exder blocks, concrete, and other comtreme heat, but it is difficult to keep parable materials do not have that

the attic warm in very cold weather quality and therefore require addiand cool in hot weather... Popcorn, tional insulation.

herbs and dried seed can remain there "When considering basement storMAKING JAM NEVER HAS BEEN indefinitely."2 age one should remember that the

EASIER... JAM FLAVOR BETTER I "The size of the storage will deground has a very good insulating

the foundation value up around UNCOOKED likes the habits food pend upon and NEW is the answer. METHOD inches of the within about eighteen ft. family. of the storage 10 exclusively by Developed room A

is M.C.P. since insulation needed JELLY grade, but AND JAM square properly ft. high, seven and

it does away PECTIN, it to point, frame is simpler from this is boilwith the cooking and arranged, for a famlarge enough entake time that ing and inside of the founthe wall the on ily of eight to ten people. Where flavor loss of ergy, and cause 5

full height."dation the yield. With. reduce jam color in your jams, and is space limited a smaller can room

recipes amazing uncooked M.C.P. PECTIN'S with be arranged to provide adequate storHumidity Control: Since the get jams session", avoid a "hot stove you

100% fresh fruit flavor and color, use less age for a large family."3 value of insulation is diminished

these jam, yet get fruit and sugar more and as to eat are extra delicious soon greatly when moisture enters a room, ready jams these uncooked jams as make made. You can

fruits berries and, How to Build it is important that heavy tar paper fresh with and all popular best of all, if fresh berries are scarce or high or some other heavy watertight berries frozen can always use priced, you and In addition to location and size, building paper be used on the walls, finestflavored ever tasted enjoy the jams you less like.. for door. be should anytime This you and for essentials basic storceiling, than other proper

half uncooked Just pound! try M.C.P...15.. madea side of affixed to the the wall warm are insulation age space see recipes the difference. temperaand Complete jams and

in i.e., every package PECof M.C.P. it will (3Vioz.) sweating; be to prevent ture control, moisture humidity and

finest for recipes jams cooked (Complete TIN. walls outside studs of all inside of the still jellies, that prefer too, if method.) control, and you lighting, ventilation and and

construction materials. Although the and outside of the studs on the wall

planning of your room or facilities adjoining a heated basement. The

EXTRA JUICE MEANS EXTRA JELLY should be detailed, the cost should lining [of the walls] should be of a

FROM THE SAME AMOUNT OF FRUIT 1 not be exhorbitant. material that can be kept painted

without be can washed and down is essential proInsulation: This HERE'S TO GET HOW the to Painting wall.,! the damage wonderful, IT! Use the extection so heat against both and cold

clusive developed repellent method inside walls with a water that an temperature even be can Kitchen M.C.P. by the will will preserve paint them and lets... that you Laboratory in the year maintained around your

fruits and press crushed facilitate cleaning.

is storage room. This imof utmost muslin a berries through

quickly, is not but only in essential bag moisture Controlled as fluctuations in temperaas portance twice get than thoroughly you so more preservation but produce, of some life of the using drip old ture will Then, method. the storage as by the reduce much

juice this extra with M.C.P. PECTIN, make produce especially. Perhaps the most uncontrolled, it may damage other jelly three times from a given almost as much

amount of fruit. Besides, this juice is so clariassured method of maintaining prostorage. One way of establishing

Youfied youcan getgetclear,this remarkabletransparent jellyM.C.P.everymethodtime. per temperature control is insulation this control is by sprinkling water

false to flooring the con- a through to the (and M.C.P. SET JELLY MAKING ceiling as the as well use of the door and

it (cash for or stamps) only $1.00 with) and floor crete covered be below which may walls. of asbestos inches four... At least sent, fronts package 3 M.C.P. PECTIN

address with to M.C.P. of sawdust, and half your name inch... and a an cork, or with granulated rock wool, wool,

Calif. Anaheim, LABORATORY, KITCHEN similar or moss, other sand, peat inin the of equivalent material times cost. get over You'll back many some other

extra juice and extra jelly sulation value are recommended. material. By keeping this damp

When sawdust is used, walls must be there will be continuous evaporation at least eight inches thick, and the in the room with a minimum odor.

WANT TO MAKE CREAMY FRENCH sawdust or shavings should be treated Leave about an inch between the top

DRESSING THAT WILL NOT SEPARATE? with pentachlorophenol or some other of this evaporating agent and the

wood treatment to make it resistant underpart of the false flooring slats

M.C.P. PECTIN USE for circulation and better good air. to insect and decay. damage 4 When special.. the unusual and 7 evaporation. in in is the Folder inches given recipe twelve used, walls sawdust

packthe M.C.P. PECTIN

> It's another C. P. thick are most desirable. However, Rooms in which such controled age. M.

"exclusive."You'll find weigh carefully the choice between moisture methods are employed are

this fine dressing easy and economical to make, de- 2"Winter Vegetable Storage,"A. L. Weaver, Circu- 5"Where and How To Build a Storage Room,"

lightfully tangy in taste, and... we repeat... it lar 530, College of Agriculture, University of Illinois, Joseph Coulam, Effie S. Barrows, and E. Milton

will not separate 1 Urbana, '"HomeIllinois.Storage In Utah,"Bulletin N.S. 148, Utah Anderson.p. 568 ff. The Improvement Era, September 1948,

V. State Agricultural College, Logan, Utah. "Ibid.

Hbid. 'Ibid.

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERiV excellent for cool, moist storage but ive, a for cool,present problems dry storage. This will be discussed later in li/lk'

this article.

Floor and Drain: Although some

people have built storage rooms on dirt floor cellars in theirthe of the this hewVill and GrlW way/ or storage an outdoor inhomes room a similar fashion, this presents the Make the crust ahead problem of controled humidity. A then Fill and Grill in Minutes.

cement flooring, laid so that it is waterproof and watertight, is recommended by food storage authorities.

Of course the floor should be at an almost imperceptible slant toward a floor drain with a tight stopper so that the room can be washed down and properly cleaned each spring.

False Flooring: This is constructed

by laying oneinch slats nailed to twoby-fours set on edge. This fourinch height allows for essential circulation between the flooring and the

evaporating agent. Always construct

the false flooring in sections so it can be easily removed for cleaning and other practical purposes. Remember to cut the end of the two -by

fours at an angle, thus allowing for the swelling of wood caused by the moisture in the room. This precaution will make the flooring sections

easily removable at all times.

Ventilation and Lighting: Goodventilation is essential for proper PIZZA DOUGH

all fruits ofstorage fresh vegeand (not warm cup 1 bowl into Measuretables this food items, other and and (Cool {P water. as Jjjfgg K) hours 1-8 yeast.) Add temperature be adjustable accomplishedcan by compressed room U*Hg acnye Yeast, Fleischmann's nr rake ceilin walls in or theopenings the disuntil Stir compressed. or Sry sugar, Vhing. experts teaspoon that us remind The some 1 in Stir cnlved tablespoons 2 and sSt isair in circulation desirable even teaspuvmstenons en minsrfted 5 about hot, until 8 cook and additionalcoldest weather. an fn servings. Sur 8 nom! Makes utes. ). Sed (abou flour enriched is for ventilation necessary sifted "Good "/fcups elastic. TOPPING and PIZZA smooth until Knead all fruits freshpreserving vegeand MoszareUa brush pound bowl; 1 slice increased Thinly

. Kt.. 2 cans Let.risetables. topm ventilators should These Cover. together shortening. Mix cheese. with cupVJ paste. \I tomato each) larger or for inches twelve squarebe ounces

a room of one hundred square feet.

slices cheese with storage in the temperatureThe room eachiSS wtb sprinkle mixture S tomato as possible. as constant be keptshould tea 1 about and cheese XParmesan installed, should be thermometerA oil. olive spoon heat. Cook crusts in ventilator cold the weatherand SS Sum

should be adjusted according to the temperaure. An electric fan may also

in eitherbe cooling the employed "Real pizza crust with flavor for or if it becomesroom too warm, circulating air from a large lighted and texture only yeast can give, globe or small heater if the temperature drops to the danger point (35 says Mrs. Arthur Potter, prizewin- "Just be sure the yeast you use is

F.). Adequate electrical wiring should ning cook ofCastroValley, California. Fleischmann's—the kind prizewin-

be provided."9 "And what a handy trick to make the ning cooks depend on. It's so fast and

An adjustable damper is a better doughfore companyahead, comes.mix theThenfillingpopjustyourbeeasythe handyand sure.dryUseyeastthe thatcake keepsyeast—orfor

control than the mere opening of a pizza in the skillet, grill outdoors or in. months on your shelf."

8"Home Storage In Utah,"Bulletin N.S. 148,

Utah 9"WhereState andAgriculturalHow toCollege,Build Logan,a StorageUtah.Room,"Free Recipes for main dishes with

Joseph Coulam, Effie S. Barrows, and E. Milton "yeastriz"crust. Pick up a leaflet at your

Anderson. Era, September 1948, Improvement The Active grocer's Fleischmann's Yeast Dry

p. 569. display to: Yeast, or write Dept. PH,P. O.

(Continued page) following on California. Angeles, Los Box 48515, Another fine product of Standard Brands Inc.

JULY 1956 535 BUILDING A FOOD STORAGE ROOM

(Continued from preceding page) inches wide are more convenient than vent door. During the winter it is wider ones. Two or three rows of

safer to usually ventilate the in jars room are satisfactory. disor cans The NOW! time close the day the and during tance will between each shelf be

freezing nights. However, follow determined by the size of containers

whatever procedure is best to keep to be stored. If No. 3 cans and quart

the room at a constant temperature. jars of the most common size are

Not only is a window unnecessary, used, the shelves may be about 12 but also it is not recommended. If inches apart. This would allow No.

there is one in the room, it should 3 cans to be stacked two deep and be insulated, and it is best to cover quart jars one deep. If pickles and

it so that no light enters therefrom. fruits are to be canned in half galLight will turn bottled fruits dark lon jars, one or two shelves should

and sometimes have other undesirable be made far enough apart to place effects upon the storage. half gallon jars with about 2 inches

The Door: As previously emphaabove the jar. Don't waste space,

sized, the entrance door to the storthough. If you have no half gallons,

age room should be as well insulated put shelves closer together.

as the walls. If space within the "Be sure that shelves are braced

room is limited, build the door swingor strengthened to hold the extra ing to the outside, thus leaving every weight of the season's homepro- possible inch of the room for storage. cessed food supply. Shelves that are

Storage Bins and Shelves: Portmore than three or four feet long

able bins that can be taken outside should be well supported especially for cleaning and airing are most in the center."11

practical. These could line two walls The Alabama Polytechnic Instiof the room, if desired, with twelvetute recommends slatted shelving for

inchdeep shelves spaced above them. better ventilation. COLOR Deep bins would be a disadvantage "To determine the width between

shelves, add 2 inches to the height of quarts and half gallons. The Colorizer "Color Harmojars—pints,Add 6 to 8 inches to stone jars or

Selector"paint what shows ny too heavy to move jugs—containers

perfect colors to use for harmony easily.

with the color of your rug or "Nineteen feet of shelf space 10 to furniture! Every color scheme

12 inches wide provide storage for planned by a leading decorator, 100 pint and quart jars; 9 feet will

See this wonderful decorating aid provide space for 100 No. 2 l/2 or No. at your Colorizer Paint Dealer's. construction bin Suggested with 12 tin cans."twelve allowance pro- 3 inch on top

viding for complete opening of the lid "Some homemakers like adjustable shelves placed even immediately with shelves. To make these... nail above. see sketch Also page 532. on

cleats or supports three or four inches in most instances as it would be diffiapart on each end of the pantry.

cult to remove the storage products. Then rest the ends of the shelves

Of course the size of the bins should on these cleats without nailing the

BENNETT'S roombe determinedand the variousby the productssize of thereshelfsmall tojarsthethancleat.largeIf onesthereputareshelvesmore

quiring bin storage. Each item closer together, similar to the way you

adjust racks in the oven of the separately be stored should with its 13 stove."proportions Recommended own kind. PAINTS are indicated in the accompanying The shelves at the ends of the room

AT THE sketch,bins would10 althoughbe determinedthe widthby ofindithe maythe floorbe builtto allowsufficientlywheat, bean,high fromrice, vidual requirements. Some families dried pea and other like storage conhave built slat flooring into their bins, tainers to be slid under them. 14 ReBENNETT'S allowing for dirt from the produce to member, however, that to have these

STORES sift through, thus keeping the bins ""Pantry Suggestions,"B-134, 1948. The Exten65 West First South cleaner longer. Such flooring also sionof Texas,Service,p. 6, Agricultural7, 10. and Mechanical College

Ala21st 305, Circular Storage,"South 2nd and West Food The "Canned ventilation. better provides

Institute, Polytechnic Auburn, bama Alabama. CITY SALT LAKE

1948. B-134, Suggestions, Extension "Pantry The sides of the Shelves room two on

Service, of Agricultural College Mechanical and Bennett's Dealers Branches or and... jars, for 10. 6, Texas, quart p. be spaced canned can

the Intermountain throughout Region and to a Storage Build and7, Room,"14"Where How items. "Shelves foods, other and S. Barrows, Effie Milton E. California. Coulam, 12 Joseph in Southern and

wibid. Anderson.602. The Improvement Era, September 1948, p.

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on a false flooring or on wood slats of some kind will avoid rusting and sweating by resting directly on the floor. It may be that you will desire to build the shelves a little wider

which you plan to use for sacks of flour, sugar, and other comparable items.

One Room Storage (Some of the following information is not from authoritative sources, but offers the experiences of families in their food storage programs.)

As suggestions have been given thus far in this series, it is evident that ideal storage can be realized only under two separate conditions: the

cool dry storage and the cool moist an exclusive BERiMAKDIN combinationstorage. However, in some instances All these features combined

reasonably satisfactory arrangements doubleSnap signal White foodacid resistant enamel on the food side

if Snaps can seal quality You your the "keeping"guards when you down—loudly. inhave conditions both met the same

safe hear has and see a vacuum Lids. This Bernardin with and canning Snap Caps

if It thatroom. be reached. these ideas been may

extra. feature cost exclusive not penny does one Snaps yethere thevacuum. goes forare functional family, they it one tells (l) signal when "doublesnap"you The for Better the check a gully on

may be for another. jar rim—or a food fragment. you have a safe seal and (2) if you've lost that seal,

the Save food by recanning. to recan. in time floorfamily the cement dug One

builtin rings. Live Latex Bernardin Snap Lids have builtin jar rings ofing the area from Lids basement TripleCoated. in an foodWhite

latex, are to slide out individually. packed and resistant gold live on enamel forlarge the bins acid storage enough on tin coating. lacquer heavy in Bernardin of Caps with supply your Lay

Packing. slide Lids NoStickalone. 15 bins, [preferably the Then early. Lids Snap fast. They go to out ready use of backbecause

with slat flooring] were built over toback packing.

berNARdin

CAPS AND SNAP LIDS

Bernardin Bottle Cap Co., Evansville, Ind.

the

this area, thus allowing a damp cool quality situation for their produce. The slat

flooring is important as it provides for air circulation and is a protection lemon lime against rodents. Cement flooring

covered the balance of the room, in drinkthis instance, for allowing cool dry storage for those items requiring it.

Experimenting would prove whether in the green bottle or not additional moisture would be necessary for the produce.

When a small amount of moisture is in the room, "Tin cans may be wiped with a cloth that has been with the red label dipped in oil or white vaseline to help prevent rusting. 16

Another family has built a storage as suggested has but aboveroom the evaporatingavoided agent the Get in the Spirit! on

BOTTLED floor. rags, keep newsThey damp

BY THE excelsiorpaper, or top of the on BOTTLING CO. OF SALT LAKE serve ice eeie "76 proCOCA-COLA

duce in the storage bins. Others

"Planning to Provide A eYars Supply,"Mark B.

generalGarff, welfare committee, and Germember

GarfF, Relief Society genWhenever you movetrude R. former counselor,

eral presidency. The Relief Society Magazine, August

1948, p. 507 ff. See also articles on pages 527 and Send your old mailing label together with your new address to

"Pantry Suggestions,"B-I34, 1948, The Extension Service, Agricultural and Mechanical College of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, 50 North Main St., Salt Lake City 16, Utah.

Texas, p. 8.

(Concluded on following page) Allow us 30 days.

JULY 1956 537 It's so much fun TAKE A LITTLE TIME TO to cook with SEARCH AND YOU, TOO, ( MAY FIND Electric Range A WORLD COOKING OF WONDER ELECTRICALLY

brings better food with less work by Gertrude Cramer Williams

TVTy curiosity was so aroused after anything could be so tiny and yet so

Buy from Your Dealer -* seeing Walt Disney's famous perfect.

close to nature films, The Living I next scrutinized a miniature

Desert, Nature's Half Acres, and The lavender weed similar to moss. This

Be Modern, Vanishing Prairie, I decided to do a I selected because it seemed so obLive Electrically little research and probe into the mysscure, but to my astonishment, there teries of nature myself. So I bor- I discovered the most aweinspiring

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. rowed a powerful magnifying glass orchidlike flowers I ever saw. And to

and went into the depths of my garthink that to the naked eye this plant den on a tour of exploration. is so commonplace!

And what wonders I discovered If an ordinary weed with the aid glass can SKIN PROBLEMS? in the realm of nature's wonderland! of a powerful magnifying

If you are troubled with rough, dry, My first object was an ordinary sprig transport one into a world of wonder, scaling itching skin or given and have effort the time and it not worth devil's grass, which is up of California in despair, thinking product no would often into God's to explore spent more glass looked the magnifying under skin, relieve or heal then your you owe it to yourself to try.H & M OINTMENT. very much like a bride's spray of wonderland? Too often we take his

this marvelous druggist healing Your has will gladly ointment refund your white lilies, but each flowerette was gifts for granted, and we forget to and money if you are not pleased with reso delicate, one would never dream appreciate the beauty about us.

sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and

skincolor.

BUILDING A FOOD STORAGE ROOM

(Concluded from preceding page) D. C. The 1955 revised edition is

SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY TO GUARANTEED carbeets, as cents. vegetables ten store such

it or order Hyour drug Get from *Mstore, crops root other rots, turnips, and It, that should be no remembered is moist. kept the in sand, sand and all. ideal for will situation be & 17 one LABORATORIES H atM

151 NEPHI, EAST NORTH, 2ND UTAH in the of moisture the amount Thus is suggesthe It that merely hoped 1 oz. - $1.25 2 or. - $2.00 rest of the room is limited. If either tions given will be an able guide to POSTPAID

idea is tried, be certain to provide for our readers in planning their indiair circulation and ventilation of the vidual family storage. From the anDRINK produce so stored. notations to this article, it is obvious

Some folk use their room for cool that help is available in all parts of ficq dry storage and supplement this with the country. Your local county agent A delightful for those mound or pit cellars in their yards will also be of assistance. The Brighot beverage

who don't drink coffee. (or sometimes in enlarged garages in ham Young University extension diAT YOUR GROCERS the city). For excellent building sugvision at Provo, Utah, is distributing

gestions for outdoor storage of this an annotated bibliography on "Food

Sale or type, read "Home Storage of VegeStorage in the Home,"prepared by

ARIZONA FARMS Lease tables and Fruits,"Farmer's BulleRobert Leake; this is available for a

New growingdistrict,seasonunrestricted—grain, water,hay, 12monthproduce, tin No. 1939, issued by the U S Denominal mailing fee.

citrus, grapes. Contact... partment of Agriculture, Washington,

FIRST MORTGAGE & INVESTMENT CO.

OF ARIZONA 17"Home Storage of Vegetables,"Leaflet 34, The (This series to be continued next

Service, 1103 North Central Phoenix, Arizona Extension Massachusetts State College, Ammonth. herst, Mass, p. 10.

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I Am An American KITCHEI1 CHARITl {Concluded from page 508) this longto-beremembered fourth. Each has soldered WAXED PAPER placeday ofonthe

the love of our nation in our hearts, KEEPS FOOD it.

FRESHER LONGER! andPatriotism,we will continuewe know,toislovea wonderful treasure to have and to hold. Noah

Webster defined it as: "the passion

which aims to serve one's country either in defending it from invasion or protecting its rights and maintaining its laws and institutions in vigor and purity; it is characteristic of a

good citizen, the noblest passion that animates man in the character of a citizen."Many instances of unselfish patriotism come to mind. Notable of these

is the one when Thomas Nelson, who was the Governor of Virginia, was asked by Lafayette, at the siege of

Yorktown, as to which spot Nelson wished them to point their cannons.

Nelson, out of the depths of his great patriotism, replied, pointing to his own home:

"There! That is my house. It is

the best one you can find here."

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS There was complete selfsacrifice in

OF HOUSEWIVES... his offer, the true test of a patriot.

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS Patriotism, we know, is the one great reason we have attained the monAoe success which we have as a nation. k FOLDING One visitor from another country

BANQUET once said, after seeing our way of life

TABLES in action:

"Your flag is always flying from the school buildings, and your national anthem is always on the lips of the children. You have made a

kind of religion out of your patriotism, with God at the lead. Hence,

you have built a strong nation. Even

TRUCKS parents from the have though come storingMONROE

Chairstruck Forthe wayTables children their lands, yet other know EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables easyeithff handles of tion storage chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage Transport is to Truckspace. in limited American."be an what it TS Truck No. DOES MORE

to their inquiries Units Church may direct the That is the real test of patriotism: QUICK ELASTIC is the Premium Purchasing 47 Department, East Church

South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. to know how to be an American in Quality, concentrated liquid

that's possible. economical because can starch us Each of every way "IMtWlO THE COMPANY

further. it goes 249 STREET. CHURCH real real Americans and COLFAX, IOWA \ become

heroes in our American way of life. Easy to use too. Just add water

We can have faith in ourselves in clean,for smooth,springfreshrich starchfragrance.with a

all things which we do for the betPenetrates fabrics evenly... FILMS!

easier for you. of makes ironing our can terment land. And we

look all your washables is Makes in faith Almighty DEVELOPED have God who like feel new. our Supreme Ruler. and and PRINTED

the best...it costs less beUse Jumbo i Any

6, 8 Prints Our flag, which is our symbol of cause it's extra rich.

or 1 only patriotism, as it unfurls to the heavExp Send Coin Only 35* ens, proclaims to the world the liberty, is ours. Roll!MONEYBACK- No C.O.D.'iGUARANTEE! the freedom that

in Yes, Independence Day renews LAB

Dept. PHOTO1115, SAM'SP. O. Box AA hearts our the grand privilege we enSalt City, Utah Lake

joy in being Americans. LIQUID STARCH

JULY 1956 539 >>\3s3\>s3\3vN>>>Xr>0\NCNr>b\ How to enjoy deluxe 7?

"fountain"sundaes i the childrenren atat nomei?h

a+ home wHh Where id fnother i TouineXftide Richard L. Evans

toppings Two thoughts come sharply through today—two questions

really, almost always asked by children, young or old, when they come home from anywhere at any hour: "Is

mother home?""Where is mother?"And mothers in turn,

blessedly and earnestly, ask their own kind of questions:

"Are the children at home?""Are they all in?"One

doesn't belong to someone else without having absence felt.

One doesn't give life, and birth, and sweetly dedicated service without a sense of emptiness in absence. "Where is

Mother?""Are the children at home?"These meaningful

and poignant and everrecurring questions are immortalized by the poet in these two lines of mother love: "I know

Now make sundaes like a fountain proyet my arms are empty, That fondly folded seven, And the fessional—the Pride Towne way! Big, mother heart within me Is almost starved for heaven."1 - watering sodas luscious, mouth and

sundaes that are a dream to eat. Towne "Is mother home?""Are the children at home?"Our very

easily, Pride Toppings do so it for you souls are asking-—-even—when we know the answer—even

ice so simply. serving Makes cream the children mother has gone five when when are gone—even five in as enjoyable. times delicious Comes

flavors: chocolate fudge, strawberry, even when the answer is one of emptiness. There are other

butterscotch, pineapple, chocolate syrup. questions asked by mothers as they give their lives, their love,

their counsel, and their encouragement: "Where are you

going, son?"2 Is everything all right, son?"2 "What can I

do for you, son?""You can do it, son. You can do it."2 TouiueXftide Such is the faith of mothers—faith and wise forbearance.

Yes, they would like to hold you from flight. (In a way

they would.) And sometimes they would like you tied to

them. (In a way they would.) But they know from the

earliest years of your youth that there are some things you must do for yourselves: some things you must venture alone

and they watch and wait, as James Logan wrote in this one yearning line: "His mother from the window look'd With

all the longing of a mother."3 And so we have the picture,

the unforgettable picture and impression of mothers waiting

Enjoy—waiting at night, waiting at mealtime, waiting at the bedfiner flavor side of sickness; still waiting after the flight of manhood, of

and greater nutrition of womanhood, has taken the children far from home—mothers

whole wheat looking for letters, looking for news, looking for those they grain. "I are.. love. fondly folded empty, That my arms know—yet freshly ground! seven, starved heart Is almost within the mother me And

1 "Is mother at home?""Where is mother?"J.food element is for heaven."Everincreasing every

TOWRITE this voice question is only one answer There with that can in popularity for prices—fREE Everyone that knows full satisfaction assurance. children facfsl enter as the and And recipes—foodDAYretained! other bread cereal and

foods with whole made it, at there that grant be mothers more and ask God may freshly grain ground FLOUR OFFER—SPECIAL is be. tastier to richer far mothers us their from and more where ought home And for introcoupon Send

in healthgiving nutriof offer ductory 5-lb. for there mothers, children waiting thoughts be more may it's ments. the And—pkg.. Smith Deaf wheat

wise somewhere home flour, richAmerica's hearts. children in the our thoughtfully "Are held more is thing done about in it. est elements, food

or select efficient, at home?""Where is mother?"the Rapid—flour stone wheat Electric Lee Household

it's ground the Wis.—dayMinn., Mill Flour reduces whole

shipped. fluffy grain to flour for

fraction of a penny a FROM TEMPLE ENGINEERING CO. SUARE all, LEE pound. of a "7/ SpoLn Word"Milwaukee 3, Wis. it's STONE BestGROUND PRESENTED BROADCASTING OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., I.E. SYSTEM, MAY 13, 1956

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis. Copyright 1956

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50

WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 Margaret Sangster, Are the Children at Home?

2Dr. Adam S. Bennion.

Name 3James Logan, The Braes of Yarrow,

Street

City.....State

540, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Two Paths through the Valley

by Ellen Sutherland

Ilive in the past, have no future to look forward to, for the bitter loss of my young son grows worse as the years pass by."

So writes my friend whose flier son was shot down over the Pacific during

World War II. Table Queen Bread gives you

She has a good husband, another maximum energy and food son, fine and successful. She is a value—because it's made the

Church member, but no longer an new "richmilk"way.

active one since she stays much at home. She says it cuts her to the Add to the pleasure of interheart to see young people alive and mountain scenery by enjoyenjoying life. ing sandwiches made with Rich in

nourishing Table Queen milk Friends have drifted away from Bread.

her. Two sistersin-law, normally

kindhearted women, do not visit her now because when they try to cheer ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Salt Lake City Ogden her she accuses them of lack of symtellspathy. having She them that, INSURED SAFETY

as no such bereavementknown savings for your hers, "BANQUETMASTER"THE NEW! ALLNEW

TABLE FOLDING BANQUET selfish arethey too to understand and inEach account beautiful today's for Designed sorrow. herbear with Schools Churches sured to $10,000 up Private Cafes

friend another I have her who lost inHomes by a permanent only son in the same way. I know strumentality of the

her pain is no less, but her way of Sample U. S. government.

bearing it is different. Soon after she senttableat Open account today

received the tragic telegram she talked nowritecostand receive useful with me. detailsfor appreciation gift!

or Savings withas to in "I far do, as want my "BANQUETMASTER'drawal transactions folding with table banquet The new things of thepower, might some he y choice colored at of no tops your handled promptly cost. extra if back."donehave he had come cost table at sent Sample no mail to by

institutions. all churches and little quiet a Always "homebody"trucks design Storage of advanced MAIL BY SAVE

tables. for chairs for Write andbefore, to a started she movement description, prices guarantee. and

provide a children's playground in a

Loosli D. H. Co., Inc.

congested district, and crusaded valFalls. Idaho Idaho

iantly until the objective was won. APPRECIATION GIFT!

Her ward looks to her now whenBeautifultravel alarmimportedclock ever an organizer is needed. She is offered free for

interested, actively, in adult educaofopening$1,000anor accountmore.

tion writes thoughtprovoking and IAL articles that on LOAN and on social PRUDEN AND

ASSOCIATIONproblems. SAVINGS529 W. Las Tunas Drive, San

She has recently been elected a Gabriel, Calif.

member of her city's board of educaJOHNSON & JOHNSON tion voice where her and vote work L.D.S. Genealogical Researchfor progress and of youth. the good

Although she lives alone, she holds Specializing in open house for the many young peo- U.S. Census Records and

ple who love her and confide in her. Don'tPRESERVEneglectREOWOOD'SRedwood!NATURALUse Thompson'sBEAUTY Pension Records

Always she wears a brisk manner Redwood Stain—the new waterproof way Box 3188Washington 9, D. C.

and a cheerful smile. Love and renaturalto enhance,beauty.preserve,Deepprotectpenetrating,and restorelongspect follow her and sympathy, too, lasting, contains moistureresistant ThompTHORNLEY LODGE

though she never invites it. son's Water Seal... builtin pigments

that retard fading. Apply with brush, A MODERN MOTEL AT

She has found the broader road cloth, roller or spray. Gallon covers up to LAKE TAHOE CALIFORNIA

through the valley of the shadow. 400 square feet. At dealers or direct: Pint OPEN ALL YEAR

Instead of nursing grief she sub- $1.30; Quart $1.72; Gallon $5.32 postpaid. Mr. and Mrs. Carl B. Thorwaldsen, Owners

C.O.D.'s. Inc., Co., No. E. A. Thompson

limates it into service. Mart, Merchandise Francisco 3, Calif. San P. O. BOX 73 KINGS BEACH, CALIF.

JULY 1956 541 Your Question yea, ye have sought all the days of your lives for that which ye could not obtain; and ye have sought for hap-

(Continued from page 494) piness in doing iniquity, which thing is contrary to the of nature that righteousness which is in our great and "Wherefore, shall he saves go 8 all except them—they Eternal Head."into everlastingaway punishment, endless which is

punishment, which is eternal punishment, to reign with And again the words of Mormon:

the devil and his angels in eternity, where their worm "And it came to pass that when I, Mormon, saw their dieth not, and the fire is not quenched, which is their lamentation and their mourning and their sorrow before torment the Lord, my heart did begin to rejoice within me, know- "And the end thereof, neither the place thereof, nor ing the mercies and the longsuffering of the Lord, their torment, no man knows; therefore supposing that he would be merciful unto them

"Neither was it revealed, neither is, neither will be that they would again become a righteous people.

revealed unto man, except to them who are made par- "But behold this my joy was vain, for their sorrowing takers thereof."6 was not unto repentance, because of the goodness of

Evidently many among us have made a dreadful misGod; but it was rather the sorrowing of the damned,

take, but not unpardonable, in thinking that the sons because the Lord would not always suffer them to take of perdition will be very few. We have heard it said happiness in sin."9

at times that they will be so few that they probably Those who never receive the Holy Ghost who enter could be "counted on the fingers of one hand."Where the telestial and terrestrial kingdoms are not entirely

this thought originated we may not know. From the shut out from the influence of God our Father. We are

reading of the scriptures it appears that there will be informed that the inhabitants of the telestial kingdom, a large number; far too many even if there were but which will be a kingdom with some measure of glory,

one, for their punishment is most severe without any will be ministered to by those of the terrestrial kingdom.

question. They will suffer the wrath of God on earth and after

All those who are permanently subject to the second death until they have paid the price of their sinning and death are those who have had the testimony of the Holy have learned to be obedient to law. The record says of

Ghost and who have known the truth and then have them:

rejected it and put Christ to open shame. Of these we "These are they who received not the gospel of Christ,

read: neither the testimony of Jesus.

"For it is impossible for those who were once en- "These are they who are thrust down to hell.

lightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and "These are they who shall not be redeemed from the were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, devil until the last resurrection, until the Lord, even "And have tasted the good word of God, and the Christ the Lamb, shall have finished his work.

powers of the world to come, "These are they who receive not of his fulness in the "If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto eternal world, but of the Holy Spirit through the minrepentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of istration of the terrestrial;

God afresh, and put him to an open shame."7 "These are they who are liars, and sorcerers, and

In relation to the Nephites spoken of by Jacob, Alma, adulterers, and whoremongers, and whosoever loves and

Samuel, and others, we should remember that these were makes a lie.

once members of the Church who had turned away and "These are they who suffer the wrath of God on earth.

denied the truth and fought to destroy it. They were "These are they who suffer the vengeance of eternal

not like the people in the gentile nations who never refire.

ceived the truth. These Nephites had received the light,

"These are they who are cast down to hell and sufferrebelled, and then attempted to destroy it. After the

visitation of our Lord, both Nephites and Lamanites the wrath of Almighty God, until the fulness of times, shall Christ under his all enemies have subdued when for light in nearly thelived of the gospel in unity two 10 shall perfected have feet, and his work."

all his in established years. Lord Churchhundred The

its fulness among them, and when they began to rebel, Those who were honorable men who will be permitted they did it knowingly. This is clearly indicated in the to go to the terrestrial kingdom will be blessed with

words of Mormon. They had the guidance of the ministrations from the celestial kingdom. They will be

Nephite twelve, and three of them remained until in privileged with visitations from Jesus Christ but will be the extreme wickedness of the people the Lord would denied the presence of the Father. Thus we learn that

not permit them to remain. Samuel's castigation of our Eternal Father will do all that he can for the inthese Nephites was fully justified in his accusation and habitants of the earth according to their works. The

prophecy of their punishment. inhabitants of the telestial and terrestrial kingdoms will

be given a measure of salvation, but not the fulness.

"Behold, we are surrounded by demons, yea, we are They will be redeemed from the power of Satan after encircled about by the angels of him who hath sought they have paid the penalty of their transgressions and to destroy our souls. Behold, our iniquities are great.

O Lord, canst thou not turn away thine anger from us? have learned to be obedient to divine law.

And this shall be your language in those days. "But behold, and lo, we saw the glory and the inhabitants of the telestial world, that they were as in-

"But behold, your days of probation are past; ye have

numerable as the stars in the firmament of heaven, or procrastinated the day of your salvation until it is everas the sand upon the seashore;

lastingly too late, and your destruction is made sure;

8Helaman 13:3738.

lbid., vs. 4346. "Mormon 2:1213.

'Hebrews 6:4-6; italics added. 10D & C 76:82, 8486, 103106.

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "And heard the voice of the Lord, saying: These all shall bow the knee,and every tongue shall confess to him LOOK AHEAD

who sits upon the throne forever andever; IN PLANNING YOUR FUTURE

"For they shall be judged according FALL QUARTER starts SEPT. 4

to their works, and every man shall

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE ATreceive according to his own works,

your do 'with your you What time now determines his own dominion, in the mansions future success. Make every minute count with prowhich are prepared; fessional training this fall at L.D.S. Business College.

"And they shall be servants of the Write for full information.

Most High; but where God and Christ SEND COUPON TODAY

dwell they cannot come, worlds with- L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE '—I

out end."11 70SaltNorthLake MainCity, StreetUtah

u-Ibid., 76:109112. Please send full information about the College.

Name Classes in many subjects. Address

Spiritual environment.

Thorough training. City Zone State.

Personal Quality by O. A. Kearney BUSINESS COLLEGE PHONE

have just received a form letter Branch of Brigham Young University EM 3-2765 inquiring about a young man who 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

I gave my name as reference when making out an application form for a job. I was not surprised to get the

inquiry for John had already asked An Improvement Era Publication if he might use my name.

It rather pleases me to have these young men give my name as reference. I hope they will always feel

confident that I am interested in their welfare. It takes but a minute or so

to answer the various questions until

I reach the last blank space marked "remarks."Quite often I find myself

writing in the comment, "Comes from a fine family."I really think

that is ordinarily a good asset It means that the applicant has at least been exposed to good influences.

But John didn't come from a fine family. I can't use that argument

this time. It is too bad, but it need Gospelnot be conclusive. Come to think of

failof our conspicuous mostit, two ures in the past Ideals"our employees among few years have come from fine famSelections from the Discourses of several of our bestilies, and parentage. officers David O. McKayhave come from unknown

shall I say in What this—the real $4.00 at a "bookdealers

line. Shall I penalizepunch John

because he appears to be rising above his parents in stature? I think it is

young fellows like this that are the. l iM('al:4 -MrlM. lt l |W.O'MW'flM l.l*l)W( l -hope of the future. They have some-.nV

thing in them that rises above handicaps. They more than offset the occaWE OFFER... IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

COMPLETEsional failures that come from fine A SERVICE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple ENGRAVING families. From Missionary Portraits to the Largest sore throat and other minor mouth

So I finish up the questionaire. Catalogues. and throat irritations.

"This is a fine boy. I think he will Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

make good."CO. UTAH ENGRAVING HALLS REMEDY

St. I have an idea he will get the job 231 Edison City, Utah Salt Lake Salt Lake City, Utah

he seeks. 'D'm n-<wn.:.-—<'-

JULY 1956 543 BONETA WARD JUNIOR GLEANERS Junior Gleaner Girls of Boneta Ward, Moon Lake (Utah) Stake held an inspirational Junior Gleaner Comradery to which their mothers, the YWMIA presidency, and stake leaders were invited.

Those appearing in the picture are, first row: Alice Oman, Ruth

Kofford, Birdie Swasey, Beverly Fieldsted, Bernice Wilkins, and

Lorna Brotherson. Second row: Lila Oman, Renae Kofford, Virginia Swasey, Eva Swasey, Rita Wilkins, Corene Cook, Myrna

Cook, Leona Swallow, Beth Brotherson, and Deane Hullinger.

"LET'S GO TO MIA"THEME IN BRITISH MISSION

I et's Go to MIA"was the theme of a recent banquet held in the

Sheffield District, British Mission. Every department of the

Mutuals was represented. The displays were carried out in a

blackand-white color scheme, beneath a ceiling of streamers of

MIA colors—gold and green.

Memphis, Tennessee Dear Editors:

the to gratefulness like express you thanks and to and I would my Japan is it I think out. a Era people put Improvement who The Editors: Dear things the times with keep and helps up andwonderful book me it. to get glad T today card received your and was

helps This book the through Church. arethat happening LDS I letter I because to you, was for a sorry sending not am quite our understand people not to things explain do whome for a month. whole homeChurch. Era. I to enjoy really Improvement going The am to to is it be I true very proud one the Church, and I am know I a to go I planning on boy. glad to be very am an LDS am

it. tobelong I get I service. 21 I will of be the when out get mission when sincerely, Yours

out. /s/ Walker, A. A. Jack a is I that was Smith true Joseph that gospel the and know

P.S. May God be with you people always. true prophet of God.

Yours very truly, /s/ Fred Hopkins

Camp Country, Okinawa SPOKANE STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL DearI enjoyEditors:very much receiving and reading the Era each month. It

of are is of spiritual for us those food source a who much of (IdahoWashington) the Spokane Ball and GreenT'he Gold overseas. city Coliseum. in nationally famous Spokane the held Stake was Island. of the the three branches organized on Church have We It it success. in brought a huge standpoint was a ChurchFrom big, family. like just Last are more two Sunday one happy We at their visitors, the expressed admiration prominent whomany far. five total of so a into baptized the Church, were Okinawans It conducted. are in dances our which atmospherewholesome

is so. shall to continue growing indeed do and Church The exfar alike flung the old the together from and youngbrought are fine doing. bless in the work you you God May border stretches of stake, the from the Canadian whichpanses

Sincerely, Incidentally, Stake Idaho. to Lewiston, Spokane south miles250 Cpl. E. /s/ Smith Norman

it ago. years its nine organized since tripledhas membership was

Worcester, Massachusetts Dear Editors:

T was very pleased to receive a free gift subscription to The Improvement Era for one year from my fellow members of the

Worcester Branch.

It was nice to read the interesting articles and poems which seemed to brighten the day and give me some inspirations by which to live each day.

Being confined in a hospital for over four months certainly gives a person a lot of time to think. But you know, I have

never felt quite so close to God as I have here these months. I

am sure he is with us all if we would only care to look around us and see his marvelous works, especially in the unfolding of spring.

Once again I want to thank all the hardworking members of the LDS Branch here in Worcester, who worked so hard to bring me The Improvement Era. I shall never forget it.

Sincerely, I si Harold F. Brownly

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v:;;;:::::::::::::::::;<:;>:;:::;::::::::::::::::

:-::::::::'/::;:;:;::''.':;:::::::::::-'::':':x::::::::::::;:::'::::::::::::::::;:'.'::::::::;:::

IP A thirsty pup and his young master are nothing extraordinary to your Phillips 66 Dealer. (You'd be surprised how many folks

take their pets with them on crosscountry trips.)

"Hospitality on the Highway"means more than just filling your car's gas tank or checking the oil. To Phillips 66 Dealers it includes maintaining clean rest rooms. It means having your car

brushed out... your battery and tires checked... your radiator

filled. It means friendliness, courtesy, the desire to please you.

Your Phillips 66 Dealer believes that in the service he gives, j as well as in the products he sells, "It's Performance that Counts."

Drive in to his station soon.

It's Performance that Counts!

keep high today's pace with compresIMPORTANT OCTANE BOOSTS Qualitycontrolled Phillips 66 Gasolines sion engines. the higher octane Enjoy

in BOTH Phillips 66 Gasoline and ratingcleanburningspeciallyqualitiesblendedandwithfamousthe extracontrolled volatility of Phillips 66 Gasoline and FliteFuel. Treat your car to a

truly fine motor fuel at your Phillips 66

Dealer's, and you treat yourself to top performance every mile.

PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY An advantage for your son that you didn't have

teenage That girl) (or will boy sooner grow up he's $5,000 inthe when never premium 21—yet you'd than like to think. give can You a creases. him manother time in the What person life of any

sized start in life with Beneficial's Juvenile Planned can you get such an insurance bargain! And you

Futures. Just think: if your youngster is between can give your son or daughter these added benefits

infancy old, and 15 years you can buy $1,000 worth Protects if health is imof insurance insurability—even will that now automatically become in paired restrictions. the future; no wartime

Creates an insurance "estate"that can be drawn upon for emergencies, for advanced

Send today: education, for starting a business, and other

for your children. PLANNED FUTURES future needs.

Helpful free booklet offers of latest summary authoritative advice on best how to counsel your children on Gives liberal cash surrender and loan values, career planning and training. paidup insurance, and other benefits automatically after the second year.

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah Please send me a copy of your freebooklet "Planned Futures."BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name 'Mutance omptmu Street or RFD City Zone 47 West South Temple \*0/ Salt Lake City, Utah

State David O. McKay, President