IMPROVEMENTJk OCTOBER 1958 gfi

I. C. M. I.

Wholesale Distributors Furniture & Appliances

Intermountciirt Distributor 1665 Bennett Road Salt Lake City, Utah world's only

UTAH 20TH CENTURY TV BountifulSM LA FRENTZ LIQUID GAS

Cedar City NORTH EAST FURNITURE Cedar City APPLIANCE UNIGAS City Heberelectric refrigerator MERCANTILE GRAFF

McdonaldHurricane bros.

APPLIANCE BROWN Ogden That Makes Ice Cubes Without Using TraysMurray

EKLUND ELECTRIC and Puts 'em in a Basket Ogden J. OgdenG. READ BROS.

LUMBER mmmsmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmAUTOMATICALLY! WHEELWRIGHT

CO. 9> Ogden I C <3? ICE MAKER EASTERNPrice UTAH GAS ENDS MESS IT M AT

AND BOTHER APPLIANCEProvo DEALERS

OF ICE TRAYS! WASATCH FURNACE &

;m. sv* '4'EntirelyTake cubesAutomatic!out—DOUG'SProvoAPPLIANCERADIOTV

Pleasant Grove Servel puts 'em back >W$m SOUTHERN SUPPLY automatically! Richfield

Supercold IceCircles W. J. FRANCES

won't stick together! Spanish Fork

GAS MODERN A/OT/iAYSTO&U, SPILL. Ofi jrQfiGsr ST. SpanishGEORGE ForkGAS CO.

rofteerut St. George

TOOELE MERCANTILE Tooele SEARLE GASAPPLIANCES Vernal INLAND GAS CO.

Salt Lake City MASTER HEATING & APPLIANCE Salt Lake City *.* MODERNAIRE

CORPORATION MOUNTAINSalt Lake CityFUEL SUPPLY

ROCKYSalt LakeMOUNTAINCity GAS CO.

Salt Lake City KENNETH E. SMITH CO.

Salt Lake City SOUTHEAST FURNITURE CO. 0*g* Salt Lake City OEtWAHOWE U AND I FURNITURE CO.

Salt Lake City ZCMI APPLIANCE DEPT.

*Mfrs. Suggested List Model #937 Salt Lake City

IDAHO electric refrigerator here! only The It's GAS Plus AW ese CORPORATION that ice trays, without cubes Featuresc LIQUIFIED makes

Additional automatically! Features every APPLIANCE GAS IDAHOBoise

worksaving convenience. It's the greatest IMPLEMENT CO. CoWShetf FARMERSJerome advance in refrigeration history! Preston e Quick

ORME COMPANY Tray Refrigerator! In Trade Old Big Your Hostess St. Anthony BUTANE Ches NORTHWEST allowance age, matter no what the make Butter CO. GAS Handy condition! it # for Exchange Servel Salmon Freshners BLACK VAL the greatest refrigerator of our own and—DewView Salmon # If it time! act test you right can you now CO. LIQUID GAS.YearV/arranty

Falls Twin 5 in kitchen for your for $1 Proof own of #

Superiority! See us today! OREGON

* Manufacturers suggested retail price GLEN MAY & SONS

Baker IDEAL GAS SERVEL PUTS ALL THE DELUXE FEATURES YOU WANT INTO ONE REFRIGERATOR! Nyssa

NEVADA 1, Automatic Ice Making Convenience 5* Odds & Ends Basket STINSONBERGERElko

CITY GAS & APPLIANCE 2* Huge Freezer Compartment 6* Removable Egg Nests HOMEEly LUMBER CO.

3* TripSaver Door Handles 7* 1 -Dial Cold Control Las Vegas

WYOMING 4. Adjustable Shelves 8*... and more Space in Door Shelves CAZIN & HOUTZ

Evanston ALL MODELS AVAILABLE WITH AUTOMATIC DEFROSTI CITYGreenGASRiverCO.

J. B. FUNDERBECK

Green River WILSON FURNITURE CO. AT ANY OF THESE SERVEL DEALERS Pinedale

T!k OVALSMP

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

rrfwo new roses are now available * which have been judged worthy of the AllAmerica Rose Selections awards for 1953. They are the Chrysler, a crimson-red hybrid tea, and Ma Perkins, a

coralpink floribunda. The new roses

had undergone lengthy tests in A.A.R.S. Its the first

trial gardens which followed at least six years'work by hybridizers. reaffq 0/ffXArr

LLL the described species of spiders cracker inJ\ number more than 50,000.

/chemical reactions indicate that the 25qears!

tearcausing agent in onions is thioaldehyde. It is not the volatility

of this substance which is responsible for the tears which result from a person cutting an onion but the turgidity and succulence of the onion cell that disperses fine droplets of onion juice into the air.

TjousTON, Texas, has a new fats and * * oils processing plant to produce fatty acids of high purity. The raw

material is cactus.

i\ ntihistamine drugs in ointments ToMiHouse ** have been used successfully to treat bee stings. A report on the fluoridation of water (Meaty PURITY

** supply by Dr. Henry F. Helmholz

shows that a concentration of from 1.3 Here's a wonderful flavor

to 2.6 parts of fluoride to each million you've never known before

parts of water results in 18.3 to from

29.8 percent of the children being free—because these are the first

from tooth decay. More than 180

towns and cities in the United States crackers of their kind ever are adding fluorine to their water supbaked! There's no match

ply at negligible cost. In Wisconsin,

sixtysix communities have introduced anywhere for the tender the program at an average cost of 10 Crispness... the freshcents each person a year.

fromthe-oven texture...

Q'ugarthat is ofproducedthe totalin quantityproducts equalof theto of these delicious, goldenwhole synthetic organic chemical inbrown ovals. They're just

dustry. right for two bites—with

'"p'HE Fellatah women in equatorial no crumbs!

* Africa wrap their fingers and toes with henna leaves to give them a gorgeous purple color. They color their

teeth alternately with blue, yellow, and purple pencil and their eyelids with

Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello... Phoenix * of sulphuret antimony.

OCTOBER 1953 729 THE CURSE OF CARELESSNESS jfrtfti'ii?4itW*i

Reprinted from The Journal of the American Dental

Association

During the twelve months of 1952

American tobacco factories, it is cigarets—areported,recordproducedhigh—and430 billionfour

percent more than the 412 billions produced in 1951. The incidence of

lung cancer is rapidly rising, according to the American Cancer Society. 1

Although medical authorities differ as to the relationship between smoking and carcinoma of the lungs, many researchers look on the habit as a causative factor. 2

Nine billion dollars, equal to three quarters of the federal nonmilitary budget, was spent last year by the sixtyfive million persons who make up America's drinking public. This

astronomical sum purchased 175 million gallons of hard liquor and about two and onehalf billion gallons of beer. Alcoholism—as much an illness

as any other physiologic disorder is an increasing problem. Excessive

drinking costs the American public almost one and onehalf billion dollars a year and accounts for more than six percent of all automobile accidents.

Thirtyeight thousand deaths and 1,330,000 injuries resulted from auto accidents in 1952, according to National Safety Council estimates. More

than eighty percent of these costly and incapacitating disasters might have been prevented, for it is known that in every one hundred fatal autoLuscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to mobile accidents, eightythree of the you as fresh as the day they were packed drivers have violated some traffic twicesealed in Flavotite cartons or bags. regulation.

fresh hold stay their natural goodThey and

The Cancer Bulletin, Illinois edition 4:132 NovemPut a bowlful of Plump and Meaty tas+e> fry ness ancj today! them berDecember 1952.

2Doll, R., Hill, and A.B. raisins your study of the aetiology on Seedless A California

of carcinoma the lung. British Medical Journal

. delight a taste table. It's 13,.. ofDecember 1952, 1271. p.

brimming with nutrition, too! Nature's own confection.

INDIAN SUMMER Look for Red and Yellow Package By Helen Hesser Johnson % f ittle Injuns in the sky ponies; wild *-'Ride high; buck 'em...

cattle; afyaut fireeer 's Drive range round. stampede

Making sandstorms on the ground;

Wield six shooters. Bang! and flash!

Lightning zigzag. Thunder crash!

SAVE! Buy the economical two and four Ride through water; drink from hat.

pound bags, twicesealed in Flavotite. Splash it down till I'm drowned rat.

They keep! Build bonfires on the sun;

Roast me like a son o'gun.

HailInjunsit popcorndown forbackme atto camp;champ.

boy. I were Injun an 1953 VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA I'dWishride joy. ponies wild with

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOUR FAITH AND YOU Compiled by Mark E. Petersen

form a in book... Now

Deseret editorials of the selectedNewsgroupChurchof thoseSectioninspiringfrom church 1944 through 1952. Many wards throughout the church

have used them as part of their sacrament service. The

various church practices, instructions and suggestions as presented in these editorials help to stimulate 4*O.UV/(tO rtrt andSaints.foster You,the bettertoo, willway findof lifethemfor invaluable.Latterday

''-.:- -.

L.D.S. ADVENTURE STORIES \orieS

Compiled by Preston Nibley Here's another dynamic volume for young Latterday Saints.

It's a compilation of faith promoting, early church adventures... stories of the colonization of the mountain

west, Indians and wild animal life. The life, faith and

integrity of these early people stand as a monument to all Christians and offer a challenge to the youth of today to so emulate their lives. $2.00

TREASURES UNEARTHED By Ora Pate Stewart It's another addition to the everpopular Ora Pate Stewart's series, i.e., God Planted a Tree, Branches Over the Wall

of This volume topic, Book Mormon. The favorite Ora's

questions are often which most some answers Gospel Ideals m MMSARTMi'D and Letter to My Son. Treasure Unearthed deals with fulfills her speaking engageshe her whenof the asked SELECTIONS FROM THE ments. It is hoped that this book will be a

DISCOURSES OF P< |I ivUf\f\ steppinging of stoneThe Bookto a ofmoreMormon.complete understandDAVID O. McKAY

* wnt srswMT

Enriched with selections from the discourses of David O. McKay, Gospel Ideals will thrill

you with its hundreds of truths and broad, analytical themes. From the pages come comfort, courage and inspiration for both young

It is old. and a volume serve which will SERMONETTES GOSPEL mnoimm as light""living a for more rtrt Dr. Milton R. Hunter Compiled by earth. peace on joy and |)4.UU</t

*w*ww%%www%wvw%*wv%w*w*%3 Thisthe richlybeautifulinspiredpassagesbook ofcompiledDr. Hunter'sin hisis apreviouscontinuationbook,of

"Gems of Thought."Presented in Gospel Sermonettes are

pictures of each of the presentday General Authorities and excerpts from their conference reports of the last five years. Those who f\r\

it in libraries. will their want have the first volume 3) |I,L/U

JESUS THE CHALLENGE OF OUR TIMES, by W. Cleon Skousen $2.00

His Life and STORY GEMS, by Albert L. Zobell, Jr $1.00

Teachings AMERICA BEFORE COLUMBUS, by Dewey Farnsworth....$5.00

By Dr. Franklin L. West

Jesus, His Life and Teachings, is a penetrating study of the Savior.

Dr. West's alert mind, his warm

heart and his experience have given him the rare ability to make the Savior's teachings vital to our $3.50 presentdaytimely... world.revealing!Beneficial...

rvi/vsisi ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL BOOKCRAFT DEALER 1166 SaltSOUTHLake. City 4, Utah

OCTOBER 1953 731 KJfHciat \Jraan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE ER/TVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jhe Lnurcn or

or <JLatteraau Sainti

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

L. Editor: Managing DOYLE GREEN COVER THE Associate Managing C. JOSEPHSON MARBAEditor: J. Manuscript Research ELIZABETH Editor:MOFFITT

fall is expressed in this JR. ZOBELL, Editor: IRIS Family"- "Today's Editor:PARKERALBERT L. A feeling of

Contributing G. cover offering. ARCHIBALD unique photoHOMER DURHAM month's The

- FRANKLIN Editors: LEE NIBLEY - A. PALMER graphic study Rumel. is by Hal

B. B. PETERSENJR. - HUGHF. BENNETTSIDNEY CLAUDES. HARRIS, SPERRY

Genera/ Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

CONFERENCE NOTICE The 124th Semiannual General ConferTHE EDITOR'S PAGE enceSalt Lakewill CityconveneOctoberin the2, 3,Tabernacleand 4, within

Gospel Ideals President David (X McKay 741 generala.m. andsessions2:00 p.m.to beA heldgeneraldailypriesthoodat 10:00

meeting will be held Saturday, October 3,

CHURCH FEATURES at 7:00 p.m.

Your Personages in the Godhead - Question—The-,- Joseph Fielding Smith 743

"To the Glory of God"Burl Shepherd 744 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

And Then, Along Comes a New Generation Adam S, Bennion 758 50 North Main Street

It "Planning Makes Happen"Mark

St. Offices, North 50 E, Petersen 762 Y.M.M.I.A. Main in the Liberty Free""Abide Ye Wherewith Ye Are Made St. North Offices, 40 Main Y.W.M.I.A.

Rita J. Nash 764 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Church Moves On 736 Presiding Bishopric's Page 790

Melchizedek Priesthood 788 Copyright 1953 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of

SPECIAL FEATURES scriptionLatterdayprice,Saints.$2.50 Alla year,rightsin advance;reserved. foreignSubsubscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

single copy. his of Visits Birthplace Father The "Auld.'. Hous"—President McKay City, Utah, Office, Salt Lake Entered at the Post R* Llewelyn McKay

for mailing 747 as secondclass Acceptance matter. Heart for in section provided rate of postage Marvin G\ Ashton—and the Understanding

2, July authorized 1917, of October Act..Naomi Shepard MacCabe 749 at1103,1918.special

L. 750 Martin Farming Can Be Made to Pay...Thomas

Era Improvement The..Sterling vs Positive Negative 754 Calahan manuscripts, solicited butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unof Through the Mountain by sufficient All be accompanied manuscripts must the Eyes of Youth—The Glacier and

return. for delivery and postage 756 Sharon Rock Thompson

The Spoken Word from Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 768, 772, 776, 784, 792 Change of Address

Exploring the Universe, Franklin tion? G. Homer Durham 734 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adinclude please dress. ordering change, a When...729 S. Harris, Jr Ezra Your Words, Weigh J. Poulthe magazine. issue slip of recent from address a 730 of Carelessness 766 sen Curse The unless old the be cannot made changes Address

is..."included. well as as one the new address Forth Times, 789 Sower These "A How Much RadiaWent

Today's Family It's a "Game"Dinner at CharHandy Hints 801 National Advertising Representatives lotte McLatchy's 796 "When the Frost Is On the

Iris If Punkin,"Parker 802 I Were in My Teens, Marba

Page and Ours 800 Your Josephson C. 808 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

San Francisco, California STORIES, POETRY EDWARD 1324S. TOWNSENDWilshire Blvd.COMPANY

Los Angeles 17, California Turning Wheels.... Ora Pate Stewart 752 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Ave. 342 Madison Not Just For Time Lorraine R. Manderscheid 760

York 17, N. Y. New

Late the Year, Gilean DougIndian Summer, Helen Hesser Too DAVIS & SONS...... las 730 St. N. LaSalle Johnson - 772 30

Frontispiece, Columbus in Chains, Tree Mintage, Julia W. Wolfe....787 Chicago, Illinois

Beryl Stewart 739 Kitchen Sprite, Elizabeth Travis

Poetry Page 740 Martin 803 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If You Don 't Have A Good Encyclopedia In Your Home

Try This Important Test Girl On YOUR Boy or AT OUR EXPENSE!

Send for the important book described below. It's yours ABSOLUTELY FREE! Give it to the school boy or girl in your family—

or high school or college student. Just see for yourself what will

happen! Show the book to your child's teacher. Find out how you

can give your child a tremendous advantage in school—and in

adult life!

Weil Mail You FREE This Valuable 424Page Encyclopedia Volume ITS YOURS TO KEEPJUST FOR THECopyrightASKING!1953, Unicorn Press Inc.

The reason we wish to give you this imwill say "YES"—that you want the other

portant, expensively made volume is very volumes of the set. Or you will say "NO"—

simple. that you do not.

The book pictured here is the first volAnd if you say "NO,"you can still keep ume of a worldfamous set of books—The the free Volume 1—because that is our gift

New Funk & Wagnalls Encyclopedia. It is to you.

set of forwardlooking every books one the CATCHES OR STRINGS NO it is for family - American HAVE MUST this catches are There no all total of man's the from knowledge sum offer. amazing NOTHto GAMBLEor YOUstrings simplitime, of condensed, the beginning are obligation because no under you ING

fied, to to read undereasy and and made or to anything anywhatsoever pay buy priceless help to a set stand. can be of Such thing. ALL THE GAMBLETAKE WE of every alike—to adult member child and believing can convince you we how much

family. the set this of books. wonderful need you

first this because volume, you GIVE We off below the coupon send So TODAY!

interest in the to so you doing hope we by the because or hesitate, wait Don't number of gift to the set! a rest the of you make We is free limited volumes on hand we have

first really as think sample. a volume We thrillto miss a out on you don't want of—and

it, is terrific see that once so you the book ing opportunity.

and read it, and examine it, you will want Send off the coupon at once! Find out for

all the other volumes! And we are willing yourself why this magnificent new encyclogiving the to you one book gamble pediaThe & FUNK WAGNALLS NEW and CONVINCE TO takePROVE YOUof like selling ENCYCLOFEDIAis

others. the need you why toYOU in out Find America. everywhere why wildfireYOU

WORTH $5.00 YOURS FREE! AND YOUR FAMILY need it too! Mail it

Remember that this one volume is a fasto Unicorn Press, Inc., Brooklyn 1, N. Y.

cinating and very valuable possession. Even And remember—only one free book can be

if you decide against getting any other volgiven to each family.

umes, you will be proud to add it to your

It library. separate contains 2 000 home arONE COUPON IS FOR YOU -THE OTHER FOR YOUR FRIEND OR NEIGHBOR It subjects. vital 2000 is crammed ticles on

interesting informafull of important and 1 I-

Unicorn Press, It nearly every tion. has pictures on page, BrooklynUnicorn Press,I, NewInc.York 9403 B I, Newhie.York 9403 B I Brooklyn

full color, brilliant first free, in including the first free, Please Please volume send me, me, the with send volume many

Wagnalls Encyclopedia. of of Encyclopedia. Wagnalls Funk The Funk The &absolutely New New &absolutely of atlas of every country maps a 32page full details full the details also concerning also the send Please Please send concerning me me

of set. delivery of the rest of price of rest of the price delivery the the method and method and of state the Hemisphere! Western and

details, the I I details, the and readof have After the read set.the have After examined examined and

is bit of It every worth FIVE DOLLARS I will I the postcard free send back will the postcard free volume, send volume, back you you

I tell tell rest I enclose, or to whether the to rest not enclose, or the willyou not want willyou whether want it All get you FREE. -and ABSOLUTELY of set. set. the of the

is to IT. need do is is in It you gift accepting volIt gift that the volin understood understood accepting that the FOR ASK

I I obligation to obligation under no whatsoever under buy no ume whatsoever buy ume am am. in return. favor small ask one Only we or to other volumes, other volumes, any to or whatany payment towhatany any payment

gift ismake ismake will soever. 1 soever. your send volume The you The Volume Volume.With. FREE, we FREE,

is is in to to in event.ABSOLUTELY keep 1 any and keep event.ABSOLUTELY mine mine any and details get the complete you can on how

(please (please set, rest of of the at rate three the volumes print) print) a month, MRSMR. Name MRSMR. Name Q miss MISS We askat youa MIRACULOUSLYto read these details,low price.and D

look over the free volume very carefully, and then LET US KNOW whether or not Address you want any more volumes.

THAT IS ALL! We merely want to know

or are from interested you City, whether Zone, not you State State 14 years 14 years of age, check here Q for special set. in a enclose the postcard that We will Ifinformation.under of age, check here Q for special City,Ifinformation.underZone,

we ask you to send back to us. On it you

OCTOBER 1953 733 HOW MUCH RADIATION?

At Los Alamos, New Mexico, is of of situated the capitals one the by Dr. G. Homer Durham

age. atomic miles west hundred A few

and north, near Las Vegas, Nevada, are UNIVERSITY OF UTAH the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission's

proving grounds, where atomic weapons are tested. The AEC announced in 1953 Samson that all kinds, sizes, and varieties of Eniwetok. Costs in Nevada are about

Chairs weapons are now developed, with all onethird of what they would be at folding kinds of energy charges. However, the Eniwetok because of time, distance,

ones we hear most about are the larger transport, and related factors. Moreover,

For PuW'c ones, emitting quantities of dangerous scientists covering Nevada tests can be radiation. Thousands of miles west back in New Mexico at the laboratories

Seating andatoll southin theof SouthLos Alamos,Pacific,at isEniwetokanother theThenextquestionday. often arises, when the

"proving ground."Rumor has it an deadly gamma rays are released into the

"H-bomb"was exploded there a few atmosphere, how much of this radiation is dangerous? If not dangerous today, America's First months ago, confirmed by the AEC

Choice For—as a "thermonuclear"test. what of the effect on soils, crops, and

* Low Cost In 1945, at Alamogordo, New Mexico life, cumulatively, over a generation?

* Upkeep Low Life the first atomic bomb of the age was The University of Utah, in cooperation * Longer detonated, suspended from a one hunwith the Utah departments of health

There's a Samson dredfoot steel tower. The tower was and civil defense, has trained citizens of

Chair Folding Public "evaporated."In passing southern Utah in the For Every

Seating Need! years, one hundredfoot detection of radiation.

towers have been replaced What does the AEC do, by two hundred to three the people who set off all hundredfoot steel structhe explosions in our tures, partially to detowestern neighborhood?

Ideal for nate the deadly weapons Dr. Graves explains

# Schools Churches above the ground. This, that absorption of over

* Meeting Halls Lodges according to Dr. Alvin four hundred "Roentor any hall where public seatGraves, chief of the gens"(units of measing comfort is essential. scientific testing laboraurements named for the

tory, helps reduce the hazards of radiaGerman scientist who discovered X-rays) w Larger, more comfortable seat tion in the surrounding states. In into the body is considered fatally danStrong enough to stand on 1953, he reports, the AEC is contemgerous. When an accident occurred in

W Safety seat hinge can't cut fingers plating the use of five hundredfoot Los Alamos'early days, Dr. Graves

like to himself absorbed 200 Roentgens, and X Noiseless folding action, compact, steel towers. How would you

easily stored climb one and attach the final "plug"after hospitalization, survived. A com-

w Six smart decorator colors and climb down, prior to the zeropany scientist, however, absorbing a * Will not tip or fold when open countNorthfor offiring?Los Alamos and the lethalRoentgensdose,havelost youhis received?life. How many

* Electrically welded steel tube legs Nevada proving grounds near Las Vegas On occasion, it is theoretically pos- w Chip proof, nonchalking enamel finlie the "valleys of the mountains,"setsible for residents of St. George to reish on all metal parts tled under the direction of Brigham ceive three or four Roentgens. However,

if Specially arched tubular steel cross Young. The years have brought if wellclothed and indoors, the amount

braces for extra rigidity Johnston's Army, the Pony Express, the will be a fraction of this, due to k Electrically welded steel tube seat telegraph, the railroad, the Stanley "shielding"effects of clothing and strucFrame—no screws used throughout Steamer and Ford, aircraft, radioTV, tures—as your elementary school chil-

K Steel furniture glides with replaceand now, atomic radiation. Is the latter dren, who have been trained, will tell

able newtype rubber feet a hazard to life in these valleys? you. Salt Lake City residents may have

* Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat Location and extensive use of the received as much as 4 or 5 1/ 1000s of'if Concave, formfitting, upholstered Nevada proving grounds is underone Roentgen, if exposed throughout a back rest standable. Nevada is the American winddrift "fall out."

T*r All metal parts rustproofed by "boncapital for "wide open spaces"and No explosion is permitted without derizing process"sparsity of people. If the winds drift extensive investigation of weather confrom the proving grounds to St. George ditions throughout western America.

or Bunkerville, fewer cars will have to Nevertheless, Dr. Graves suggests that

be stopped on U.S. 91 for precautionary atomic radiation is a factor to be conZCMI washings than in New Jersey—and with scious of in these times; that knowledge

SCHOOL and OFFICE less public panic. of it must be diffused widely among

SUPPLY In a report to the Salt Lake City our people in order that public opinion 57 SO. STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY Rotary club in late August 1953, Dr. can intelligently enforce wise decisions

Phone 3-1575—Ext. 442 Graves said that four times as many exfrom the AEC and other responsible

plosive tests are made in Nevada as in {Concluded on page 794) 734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF THESE IMPORTANT L. D. S. BOOKS DO YOU

HAVE IN YOUR LIBRARY?

1. A Significant New Work...

GOSPEL IDEALS Sermons and Writings of President David 0. McKay

Compiled by the Improvement Era Staff gospel important light on shed has much of the President ninth Church Our this in offered selections his sermons. writings The and many

reference in one to handy find enahle work in members Church principlesnew principles. gospel into insight fine &Avolume the essence of President McKay's QQ

2. KARL G. MAESER- 5. READINGS IN L. D. S.

MORMON EDUCATOR ByCHURCHWm. E. BerrettHISTORYand Alma P. Burton

P. Burton By Alma as primarily has prepared bonk been Tinof students L.D.S. for Church source book a educator of a Mormon famous Biography readings readyat-hand desire history rMlswlw**KwSfe'iMPreEJlkjSfcJitMXiiWI who Dr. of lives many. the touched has who extracts of materials. Composed source ease, gave up educator pioneer who Maeser, iournals, editorials, private letters, infrom to success, professional assured luxury, and writings conoriginal other periodicals and the Christ, was of Jesus gospel the - embrace early light upon casting with and temporary University. first of Young Brigham principal this of Church, history the new in the events to him endeared education in His work scholars for vital fulfills Church a need book parents, and many students, of thousands f\f\ to each addition important an and &A book country. The the throughout educators -pHr.\J\J library. Saint Latterday this <t of 1 philosophy is in rich the

"P vision. WCQ of man

Conference Special FOR A LIMITED TIME ONLY 3. THE CHALLENGE

OF OUR TIMES 6. DOCUMENTARY HISTORY

Skousen Cleon By W. THE OF CHURCH 1

tea 'fsSi queschallenging Taken from the of manuscripts, records most the and some Answers

.. notes. are the of as: early Smith Joseph other "What such and Church of today tions "$*< 3 traSHF'times? leaders, this carefully in faith modern to documented blocks work stumbling

is true? Bible comprises the It 7 that;. in contains their volumes. evidence Is there new

after life entirety revelations of the Prophet 101 know Jodo we much How ISlfliP all for seph, plus others. book facets littleknown his of many aboutA many and death?"\

life of the the purpose and of growth about the \ j\ Church, more would PT know QC who tfinJ>IU.7J of Set 7 volumes (Reg. $15.00) life. $2.00 (Plus postage) 65c W Individual volumes (Reg. $2.50) d*0 f)()

4. VOICE OF (Plus 15c postage) 'vP 8*

ISRAEL'S PROPHETS 7. POCKET BOOK OF MORMON Cloth $1.50

Leather $3.25

$1.75 By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry 8. PROPHECY AND MODERN TIMES

Cleon By Skousen W. his "Twelve book, for remembered Well

ALL $2.75 in published Dr. 9. RESTORATION OF 1939, THINGS Prophets,"Minor

his in newthat Fielding Joseph By amplifies theme Smith here Sperry of the Old prophets of the est study 10. MAJOR SUNLIT $3.00 IN A LAND

interesting the are here Told Testament. Dr. A. John By Widtsoe

"5 works and words enlightening and CQ 11. WILL $3.00 A ROB MAN GOD? *pJ.JV<t prophets. great these of

R. Milton By Hunter

Order by Mail! or visit Deseret Book dining Conference!

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah Please send the following circled books:

for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ) for $ 1 10 11 Name... 23456789

Address

City Zone. State

of Utah Residents add 2% sales tax. Please add 12c postage for

7w?r?P.,35!W""?s5R?*iT 'thereafter. for each 4e first book,

OCTOBER 1953 735 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Chronology Of Church Events A Day To Day

ft a Pioneer Day was celebrated in the tournament by defeating Gary Peck of

July 1953 "* L. D. S. communities. In Salt Lake Salt Lake City.

City there was a parade,'the rodeo con1r After several months of negotiatinued, and the Salt Lake Tabernacle 9 A President David O. McKay left

v tions, the Church acquired the Choir gave a commemorative presen- ** "Salt Lake City for Europe to dedi115-bed Utah Valley Hospital at Provo, tation, "Freedom's Last Abode."The cate sites for temples.

Utah. It will be known as the Utah tabernacle service starred Conrad ThiValley Hospital of the Church of Jesus bault, radio and concert artist, with the

Saints. Christ of Latterday This is the Tabernacle choir and organ. August 1953 in twelfth hospital the Intermountain

the to be and operated by West owned hospitals, ft r The appointments of Mrs. Moana President David O. McKay dediare general Church. one Ten

""B. Bennett and Miss Joyce Roberts 5 cated the site and ground was a maternity hospital, and one the Primary Children's Hospital. to the general board of the Young broken for a temple at Zollikofen, a

Women's Mutual Improvement Assuburb of Berne, Switzerland.

that was Mrs. Announcement madeIn President David O. McKay resociation were announced. 'Boy Scouts for Christ,""America's o Witness

E. Minnie appointed Anderson been had "silver highest anpresented pageant sacred the ceivedaward—thethe ofbuffalo—atAmerica to of the general the board Deseret fortythird the of the annual meeting the Hill at nually in New Cumorah

School Union. Sunday Council, National Scouts Boy of AmerIt was that the alumni of York, began its threenight run. announced held ica, this year Angeles. in Los He

Phi, returned college missionary Delta also addressed the executives of the Witness "America's pageant The fraternity, set up had A. Widtsoe a John national council. 7 to for Christ,"continued draw to a colpossible memorial fund make

the GenRepresenting crowds. overflow for lege scholarship returned a worthy

-j services in the held were Funeral n this weekat eral Authorities Palmyra missionary. the Elder Widtsoe was J- O Salt for Elder Lake Tabernacle Taft and Benson Ezra are Elders end fraternity. of the founder of Albert the of the Council E. Bowen of of the Council Moyle D. Henry

Twelve. the Twelve.

ft h The third annual allChurch golf superinSchool a Sunday Stake at 'tournament the began j Ogden closed thirteenscene pageant The *- of tendents with met members the Golf Eightyfive Club. and Country 8 for year at another Palmyra, New Deseret general School Union Sunday are players participating in the regular

is It that estimated York. 106,000 saw to discuss in regional board meetings of division this threeday tournament.

year. this three performances the

policies. topics discussed were Among

the announced The First Presidency School stake and ward Sunday

I. Bowof Elder Harold organiza- o o Dr. Heber Hancock of Ogden, appointment tions division of responsibili- (including

division senior in the won, as president ""Utah of the SpanishAmer- man ties, meetings, proper use of such and fiftyfive of over years age) of President ican Mission, succeeding materials as roll books), im- (players teacher provement, and Sunday School courses the allChurch golf tournament. Twenty Lorin L. Jones who has presided over

of study for 1954 and 1955. players were entered in this division. that mission for over ten years. The

mission headquarters are in El Paso, priest of record Texas. is a high He First Presidency a The C. Jorgensen, a Elder announced Henry n memft Q City) (Salt the Bonneville Lake w "** the appointment ber of of Elder the general welfare Cornein Church

committee, died in Florida at the age of lius Zappey as president of the East Stake, and a counselor in the Jacob 51. He was in charge of the Deer Park, Central States Mission. He succeeds Lake Branch presidency of the Kanab

Sister will labor with Bowman B. Florida, President Matheson. This is Stake. the John ranch of Church, when

field. in this mission her husband for fourth mission President Zappey. heart in the trouble with he was stricken

May. He filled his first mission in his native The appointments of Thelma R.

It was announced that Sunday School Holland from 1920 to 1922. At that dejong and Minnie B. Sorensen to the

membership is now 705,226, or about time he was released and recalled to general board of the Primary Association sixtyseven percent of the Church. This the mission field and his wife was were announced.

includes 647,728 pupils and 47,498 ofcalled to join him. They filled the

ficers and teachers. There are 564,000 mission together from 1922 to 1924. In -j A President David O. McKay dedienrolled in ward Sunday Schools, 1946, at the close of World War II, "cated the site for a temple at New

82,464 in branch Sunday Schools, and he and his wife were called to preside Chapel, England.

1174 in home Sunday Schools. over The Netherlande Mission. They

did much to assist in the rehabilitation The seventyfifth anniversary of a\ -j "Day's of '47"opened in Salt Lake of the Saints in Holland, distributing A A the founding of the Primary Asso-

A City with a children's parade. large quantities of Church welfare supciation was marked by special complies. Sister Zappey will go to this memorative services and parades in most

2 n inTheSalt"DaysLake ofCity.'47"Itrodeoran nightlyopened missionRobert withLoanehim,of Hayward,also. California, ofChurch.the wardsToday andthat branchesorganizationof hasthe

to and including July 25. won the third annual allChurch golf an enrolment of 200,000 children.

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

-Mere it te 4#Z> J'7% ymf id%***,

A wonderful way to celebrate National Doughnut Week, October 1724! Try our

recipe for the greatest doughnuts ever invented. Light! Tender! Oven baked! No

deep frying! Marvelous with cracklingcrisp Apple Cider now

so plentiful at your grocer's. Try 'em together soon!

STERED TRADEMARK

LLS, INC.

RAISED OVEN DOUGHNUTS

Sperry outbakes any other allpurpose All measurements are level. Sift flour before measuring

flour or double your money back In a iy2largecupssaucepanmilk bring just to the boiling point

Remove from heat and stir inshortening cup V3 in flour reliable it! this famous, UseTry sugar cup y4 results. like. check recipe Then youany salt teaspoons 2 that Sperry agree honestlyIf don't you teaspoons 2 nutmeg any better than bakes FlourDrifted Snow (optional) cinnamon teaspoon y4 send used, ever flour have youallpurpose add lukewarm of When slip purchase showing salesgrocer's Drifted sifted Snow Sperry cups 4% FranFlour, San Sperry toDrifted Snow Flour Enriched "HomePerfected"

cisco 6, and get double your money back. V3V2 cup whole eggs, well beaten (2 large)

or dry), (compressed yeast 2 cakes in Sack Coupon SilverwareValuable in softened lovely Queen coupons. these Get—Save water cup lukewarm Vi Plate. in silverware Tudor patternBess let stand and pan well mixed. Cover until dough Beat Silversmiths. Community Oneida byMade is light until and place dough slightly in a warm

Martha Meade's failureproof recipes double in bulk, about 5060 minutes. Turn dough

for cakes, pies, desserts and casseroles in onto wellfloured board, turning over 2 or 3 times to your Sperry sack, too. form a soft ball. (Dough will be soft to handle.) Roll

dough lightly, avoiding stretching, until about J inch thick. Cut into doughnuts with a 3-inch cutter. Place

rings carefully, 2 inches apart, on greased baking butter or marmelted with doughnuts Brush FLOUR sheets. DRIFTED SNOW

until place slightly let rise in a warm enriched garine and "HOMEPERFECTED"Xhomv double in bulk, about 20 minutes. Bake in a preheated

You are cordially invited to join Martha Meade's Recipe Exchange Club hotgoldenoven,brown.425,Asforsoon810asminutes,doughnutsor untilare removeda deep

for framing, news suitable maker's Creed is and to or margarine good homemaking devoted butter clubThis with brush again oven projfrom ideas, Club food, homemaking recognition about give It to food. aims goodand doughnuts. dozen sugar. roll in granulated 2-3 other recipes with memects exchange to and the enjoyment contributingto women

on recipe Full bers. today! Join friendly of western traditionsand

sack. Flour Drifted in folder Sperry detailsSnow beautiful get a Homeliving. a you memberAs

OCTOBER 1953 737 "DEAR SIRS: By 1960 please

send me these items..."

The facts in this letter are not imaginary. They merely To help create more goods to meet America's needs,

sum up what economists predict for the United States by General Electric is in the middle of a billiondollar i960. expansion program.

To American Industries Second, products now on sale must do more if people

Dear Sirs: are to get more for their money. Examples may help here.

By I960, please arrange to be making thirty per Engineers at General Electric have multiplied the efficent more goods than you made for me in 1950. ciency of turbines, the light from lamps, the power of

I expect a growth of about twenty million people x-rays, and so on. Such engineering is and must be an in my family, the same as in the past decade. Part of

my order is because of them. Part is to increase my always expanding program.

standard of living. Third, new products must be found to make known

If possible, arrange more leisure time for me. I do products obsolete by comparison. To find new truths,

not wish to work longer hours to pay for increased research in America must increase. At General Electric,

purchases. new research facilities and people are being added. You will, of course, find me new products better

than the old. You have done this in the past, but Here are some fields where scientists say new discoveries

please increase your efforts. could make a big difference to all of us... ways to convert

Please tell the electrical manufacturers to be makatomic energy into useful power... ways to store heat for

as I960. ing 2 times much by I am increasing parlater use... ways to create light from now invisible

ticularly purchases them. from my

infrared rays... "fuel cells"to convert energy of gaseous

Very truly yours,... new metals to stand (signed) The American Public combustion directly into electricity

higher heat (for jet engines and turbines).

What this letter calls for is clearly understood by any October 15th marks General Electric's 75th anniversary.

or industry company that has earned public good will and We start the next 75 years with greater experience, more it. hopes to keep capacity and, we hope, more efficient planning. We hesiHere are three moves that General Electric is accordtate to look back over our shoulders at what has been deingly making: veloped—modern x-ray, electrically driven trains and

First, leisure if production are and

skilled time, the nation's same power to increase at the &% ships, the tungstenfor welamp,are theconvincedfluorescentthatlampthe findingsand such—of man

must be used with increased effectiveness. * I87BI A 1953 i the future will be more significant. -

iftV# cc&n /nc/ m?%, ce?z/me?ice in

GENERAL ELECTRIC

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photo by Carew from Monkmeyer

Columbus in Chains by Beryl Stewart

y King, my Queen, two weary months ago M envoy locked these chains upon my feet, Your

And when he proved that you had ordered so,

The walls of my despair became complete.

King Ferdinand, Queen Isabelle, behold

These shackling irons your admiral has on,

And then compare them to the pearls and gold

I proudly brought Castille and Aragon.

I broke the shackles on an ocean once,

The ocean all your world had held in dread,

But now I stand the victim of affronts,

A crown of dark illusions on my head.

Long after men forget your harsh decree,

They will revere my name and honor me.

OCTOBER 1953 73?

THIS TIME OF YEAR TENDER HARVEST AUTUMN ELEGY

By Catherine E. Berry By Frances Hall By Beulah Huish Sadleir

find no melancholy strain in fall, stake a birchbark cup The surrendering heart of summer'

I The days are glorious now, the nights '1 Cool grapeleaf lined Has gone down to rest.

divine, And find Her leaves once fretting to burn

The trees that bend above my garden wall Wild scarlet berries That now are ash—unurned

Have etched their loveliness in scarlet To fill it up Lay soft as cushions on the line. With meadow scent and warming sun Waiting lap of the earth.

The blue mist of the dusk, the golden haze To carry home when the day is done.

That lays a veil on every street and lane, Even the singing birds—alerted

Holds not a breath of sadness in these days, Fill your heart to the brim When high color ceased, have left

And drifting leaves, like colored autumn With brightness, too: Only the sparrow to chant

rain, With hue His bleak soliloquy.

Can wake the love of beauty in my heart Of windblown laughter spring rainbowed or fragrant can. And As no pale whim summer

shine plays To part, hours grow gray HOLD FAST TO AUTUMN October when busy magic a mummer's

Scattering loveliness in its brief span. And you need a remembrance of holiday. By Grace M. Candland

of is fadthe flush growth summer POINT OF RADIATION HANDMAIDEN ing; N ow fields threshing wait for earth wheat McMillen The By Verdie By Grace Barker Wilson

time refor cry orchardburdened boughs need you a make a home hub And rain in cloud he is a handmaiden lief; NaTo it. Let laughter baby bound ture's room; Sere offering their leave vines recede andT for a baby's crib Design nook she clears Each with the cobwebs morn food. ripened the Roots from tumble Of

it. radiate around Then silver a broom; soil

She makes a date for dusting after winds Behind the plow; hives bulge with honey,

ride high Pilfered from the throats of summer flowers

And polishes the copper of a sunset sky. And stored by tiny bee's incessant toil.

Again we watch the gaudy mountain side

FROM MY KITCHEN WINDOW And sumacs turning on the misty hills;

Marsh marigolds and asters flaunt their

By R. Ina Badura charm;

The fireflies light their lamps at eventide;

go; scene lovely this must autumn soon the hanging low over mountains, TooClouds

elf our will take magic some then And Trees with heavy laden snow

My heart longing for friendship hand

And also somewhere to go! And lead us into winter solitude

To see the frozen beauty of the snow.

But what is the use to be lonely so one's keep depressedAnd mind this is a happy, UNWANTED WAIF time to beWhen

For now there are moments to rest? By Frances C. Yost

are over; garden and canningThe weed. a yellow with covered lawn is

is full cellar to the brim.The

dig with cut and and Although I mow knitting turn to your and sewing MyNow steel, satisfy each family whim.And

to succeed plant seems ugly sturdy, This

In crowding out the lush green grass. I feel

root. it: leaf and and bud

it bites garden and vine. OCTOBER AWithloathinglion's forteeth

By Laressa Cox McBurney I cannotshoot. stamp it out, this coarsetoothed AUTUMN HOURS This waif, unwanted, is cause for repine.

walked up the treebordered mountoday, primroses are dandelions By Louise Darcy YetWetain way, picked a bouquet. twoyear-old Mama My

I together.October and

The road we followed was sunchecked and These autumn hours of bright pageantry gay, Have made the world a gay and HONEY HARVEST

And the brook below us chattered away brilliant thing

In the golden autumn weather. As vivid maples flame against dark pines. By Yetza Gillespie

Above, wild geese are flying wing to wing.

trees of gold aspen formedThe an arch by the golden leaf, the yellowed XTow grasses.As through walked tawny we L * corn, The last, bright flowers against the garden

The mountain willows were gallant and wall, The change is wrought from leaping unto bold Purple and red and orange bravely stand, falling;

As they leaned to hear the story told Defying to the last the crystal frost Where there was waving there is fruited

By the wind in the upper passes. That soon will silver all the autumn land. bending

Of branch and thorn.

October and I shared the rhythmic beat This loveliness, a changing tapestry,

Of nature's mystic measure. Could never have been wrought by mortal The garden has become the honeycomb,

A lone bird sang. Its melody sweet skill. Less potent than the early offered nectar,

And harmoniously tuned made complete Only our God who forms immortal scenes But easier to keep against the time

A memory my heart shall treasure. Can work this beauty by his sovereign will. Earth stays at home.

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (l;P\3s3s3\3s3\3s>s3\3\3s3\>A>

'aSSSimmmmse

Gospel Ideals

by President David O. McKay

Thethe gospelRedeemerteachesof thethatworld.Christ isNothetrueSon followerof God, conduciveIn branchesto progressand wards,andtherespiritualityis no virtuethanmorethe

is satisfied to accept him merely as a great Represence of this principle [unity]. When jealousy,

former, the ideal Teacher, or even as the one backbiting, evilspeaking supplant confidence, perfect Man. The Man of Galilee is, not figuraself-subjection, unity, and harmony, the progress

tively, but literally, the Son of the living God. of the organization is stifled.

Peace is not found in selfishness, but in striving

I testify to you that God our heavenly Father to help make the world better and happier.

lives, that he communicates with his servants, that he has established in this dispensation of the world his great work, the only plan of salvaIt is not an easy thing to make God the center tion whereby mankind may be saved, the only of our beings. To do so we must determine to

means by which peace may be established in the keep his commandments. Spiritual attainment,

world. not physical possessions, not the indulgence and

the gratification of the body, must become the chief goal.

The greatest event of the nineteenth century Hi sfe sic sic sic U. *i*

was the appearing of two heavenly Beings to What the spirit is to the body, God is to the the boy Prophet Joseph Smith, revealing the perspirit. As the body dies when the spirit leaves it,

sonal identity respectively of God the eternal so the spirit dies when we exclude God from it. I

Father and of his Son Jesus Christ. cannot imagine peace in a world from which God

religion and banished.

JpSjp j *?JC 5p 3p are*******

... is there in soul the elethat divine human exists There eternal an that law each human

is calling, striving, ment urging which the perits soul shall shape indiown destiny. one No

life. to to a higher, a better son up vidual can or happiness make for salvation another. "Even God could not make men like

free."making them As long as members of the priesthood merit the himself without

*t* t* *r P guidance of Christ by honest and conscientious *f* -jC dealing with their fellow men, by resisting evil We are not saved as a state. We are not saved

in any of its forms, by the faithful performance as a group. Man is saved as an individual, and as

of duty, there is no opposing power in this world an individual he lived in the life of the Savior, which can stay the progress of the Church of Jesus the Son of

Christ. Man.*******

dkt Zi'sic Sl Slf 2tf "l* No person was too humble, no person was too

The real test of any church or religion is the simple to receive his attention, and to have the is the story of kind of men it makes. right to live. The story of Jesus

his dealings with individuals.

*Excerpts from the book Gospel Ideals by President David O. McKay. (Concluded on following page)

CN7NCNN5;NcvAiwrNC>c>c'

OCTOBER 1953 741 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) Now wherever there is an organization of human

I look upon reverence as one of the highest qualities beings for any purpose whatsoever, there must be proof the soul. An irreverent man is not a believing man. vision made for the accomplishing of that purpose, and

I think a man cannot testify of his knowledge of the its achievement implies some kind of contribution from existence of God and take God's name in vain. members of the group.... "There is no such thing,"

said the late President Joseph F. Smith, "as an organizafor of importance any purpose without tion of men

is reverent. reverences Deity; he man A great He

for provisions carrying designs. out its law of The

all reverences things associated Deity. with

tithing is the law of revenue for the Church of Jesus * * Christ of Latterday Saints. Without it, it would be

Man's earthly existence is but a test as to whether he impossible to carry on the purposes of the Lord."

will concentrate his efforts, his mind, his soul upon things which contribute to the comfort and gratification of his physical instincts and passions, or whether What a man continually thinks about determines his he will make as his life's end and purpose the acquisiactions in times of opportunity and stress. A man's

tion of spiritual qualities. reaction to his appetites and impulses when they are

aroused gives the measure of that man's character. In

these reactions are revealed the man's power to govern

Young men and young women who would live the or his forced servility to yield.

happiest lives would do well to prepare themselves to ordained—thebe worthy of thatunionformof a ofmanmarriageand womanwhich worthyGod hasto What our young people need, what every man and

have their marriage solemnized in the temple of the every woman in this world needs in order to keep himself

Most High. or herself free and unspotted from the sins of the world,

is the power of selfmastery. Each individual should

Marriage is ordained of God that children might studiously practise selfcontrol. It does not come all

be so trained that they may eventually be worthy of at once. Nature never makes cash payments as a

Christ's presence; and that home is happiest in which whole, says William George Jordan. Her payments are

they are welcomed, as God and nature intended they always made in small instalments. Those who desire

should be. to win selfmastery must do it by constant application.

The home is the best place in the world to teach To repent—this we should note carefully—is to feel

the highest ideal in the social and political life of man; regret, contrition, or compunction for what one has

namely, perfect liberty of action so long as you do not done or omitted to do. It means to change one's mind

trespass upon the rights and privileges of another. in regard to past or intended actions or conduct on

account of regret or dissatisfaction. It means to conquer

Next to eternal life, the most precious gift that our selfishness, greed, jealousy, faultfinding, and slander. It

Father in heaven can bestow upon man is his chMdren. themeanssordidto controlthings, one'swhichtemper.carnal natureIt meanswouldto promptrise aboveus

to do to gratify our appetites and passions, and to enter

Happiness consists in mastering evil tendencies, not into the higher or spiritual realm.

in indulging them, and the gospel of Jesus Christ enables us to master those evil tendencies.

The most ominous threat to the peace and happiness of mankind in this the twentieth century is not the

If you would be happy, obey the principles of the probable misuse of the atomic bomb, but the dwindling gospel. in men's hearts of faith in God.

No selfdenial, no outward act, no pretense can conChildren should be impressed with the inappropriateceal from the Lord an insincere heart. ness of confusion and disorder in a worshiping assembly

and should be made to realize that it is the height of rudeness to leave service before dismissal.

The ordinance of baptism is a law of God, obedience to which, in sincerity, in purity, in simplicity, brings * * * * * * inevitably the promised blessings of the Comforter, Joseph Smith, the Prophet, has repeatedly given us a divine Guide, whom they can never know, who the assurance that God will not support the idler, that "change the ordinance and transgress the law."the idler has no place in this Church. The children

Though men may scoff at it, ridicule it, and doubt its should know it—O these young men, some of whom

efficacy, baptism remains ever, even in its simplicity, belong to us, who are looking forward to a life of ease, not only one of the most beautiful symbols known, to clean clothes, soft white hands—the result, they

but also one of the most effective laws operating for think of leisure or of wealth! These young men should

the salvation of mankind. be warned of the danger of that kind of life.

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Personages in the Godhead

"/ am a stake missionary, and I would like "And we know that all men must repent and to have you help me to explain for an inbelieve on the name of Jesus Christ, and worship vestigator what the last sentence in the the Father in his name, and endure in faith on his testimony of the three witnesses of the Book name to the end, or they cannot be saved in the of Mormon means when it says: 'And the kingdom of God!"(D. & C. 20:2729.)

honor be to the Father, and to the Son, and This is very clear, and there is no confounding to the Holy Ghost, which is one God.'of the personages of the Father, the Son, and the

"I was puzzled for a moment hut told him Holy Ghost. Therefore the statement that they

that surely the three witnesses knew of the are "one God,"must refer to something other first vision of the Father and the Son to than that they are "one essence"and "without

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and therefore body parts and passions,"as so many Christian knew that they were separate personages, people believe.

hut they were one in purpose and unity. He This reference, then, to the three as one God,

did not say whether he accepted or rejected must be interpreted to mean that they constitute what I said, but I was not completely satisone Godhead or Supreme Council, composed of fied"three separate Personages, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.

Paul, in his epistle to the Corinthian saints, careful reading of this testimony reveals the says this:

the individualistic nature of the members of things that are offered in sacrifice unto idols, we A fact that the three men understood clearly "As concerning therefore the eating of those the Godhead. Moreover, Oliver Cowdery had know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that

written most of the manuscript of the Book of there is none other God but one."(I Cor. 8:4.)

Mormon, which he could not have done without Paul knew as well as any man could know it, becoming acquainted with the fact that the Father that the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost and the Son and the Holy Ghost are three separate constitute one Supreme Council—one God. In

Personages. the following verses he adds this:

We find similar expressions to this of the wit- "For though there be that are called gods, nesses in other scriptures; in the Book of Mormon, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods

the Doctrine and Covenants, and the Bible; for many, and lords many,)

instance, Moses, by divine revelation, declared to

Israel that there is but one God whom we shall "But to us there is but one God, the Father, all things, and we in him; and one worship. Yet Moses knew that it was Christ of whom are

all things, and (Jehovah) who led Israel from Egypt to the Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are land of Canaan, and that he is God. (See Deut. we by him."(Ibid., 5-6.)

6:3-4.) Here Paul speaks of both the Father and Son

In the Doctrine and Covenants we find this as God. Near the close of his epistle to the Roman

written saints, he said:

"As well as those who should come after, who "And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under should believe in the gifts and callings of God by your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus

the Holy Ghost, which beareth record of the Christ be with you. Amen."(Rom. 16:20.)

Father and of the Son; The "God of peace,"who according to the

"Which Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are one scriptures is to bruise Satan is Jesus Christ. (See

God, infinite and eternal, without end. Amen. Gen. 3:15; Heb. 2:14.)

ic..Xs.

OCTOBER 1953. 743

a

Oxford \Bucking-"O a x dshire.

/ Essex OXFORD \ > shire\ v * c r

IF Map Showing Site of the s L British Temple in Surrey Con

acres) are two hayfields, and across the highway but a part of the estate, are two more hayfields which will likely continue in agricultural use.

President David O. McKay arrived

in England on Monday, August 3, accompanied by Sister McKay, Dr.

Llewelyn R. McKay (his son who

acted as secretary on the trip), and

Edward O. Anderson, Church architect. After a day spent in selecting

the exact location for a temple on the New Chapel property, the party traveled by air to Berne, Switzerland, in company with President and Sister

Reiser, for dedication ceremonies there.

The Swiss Alps acted as a perfect backdrop for this day of dedication,

that stakes and "To the Glory of God"Augustsons attending5. The sawthree hundred perpoles had been placed on the temple

property indicating the outline and by Burl Shepherd height of the proposed building.

OF THE BRITISH MISSION President William F. Perschon conducted the services under the direcNewestateChapel"locatedis twentyfoura thirtytwo milesacre weeds.to the warm sun to pull countless weretion ofPresidentPresidentPerschon,McKay.ElderSpeakersSamsouth of London, near East The old Tudor house with oak finuel E. Bringhurst, past president of

Grinstead in Surrey. Beautifully landish (restored some twentyfive years the SwissAustrian Mission, President

scaped, its rose gardens and wellkept ago) overlooks the gardens and is Reiser of the British Mission, Mayor lawns, trim English hedges, and trees a source of keen delight to those who Walter Rauber of the citv of Berne, of every variety from majestic oak have had the privilege of exploring Elder Edward O. Anderson, the

to festive holly,, tell a tale of wise it. It is a threestory country home Church architect, Dr. Llewelyn R.

preparation and loving care. of forty rooms, spacious and comMcKay, and President David O.

For many weeks before its dedicafortable. Two living rooms, a small McKay. After the dedicatory prayer,

tion, as Church members, missionballroom with orchestra balcony, two President McKay explained the proaries, and their friends worked long large kitchens, two dining rooms, cedure to be followed during the hours to beautify the gardens which fifteen bedrooms and eight large groundbreaking exercises. He turned

had recently been neglected, they modern bathrooms are part of its the first shovel of earth from the felt in the restful atmosphere a calm attraction. It is centrally heated—southeast corner of the building site.

and joyful expectancy, and sensed luxury the average Britisher does not Those who spoke, and other mission that this land had already been enjoy. Other buildings (garages, and government officials, followed in

blessed for a holy purpose. It was laundry, fuel sheds, servants lodges, taking a shovel of earth from the site.

good to be there. These are the power plant) are shielded from the Elder J. Peter Loscher of Salt Lake

sentiments of those who only recently gardens by a row of tall evergreens. City, now serving in the Swissmowed the huge lawns, clipped long Beyond the buildings and formal Austrian Mission, acted as translator

rows of hedges, or knelt with backs gardens (which comprise about ten for those who spoke English.

744. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Returning from Berne, President themselves and their posterity the glorious And if Christ be not risen, then is our

Life, of obtained Eternal preaching vain, and your faith is also and haveMcKay and his party spent the week promise of build power to Kingdom God in vain. up the

end of August 8-9 in Ireland, atthe earth, and become Saviours upon Mount Yea, and we are -found false witnesses tending district conference in Belfast. Zion. Having thus made their calling and of God; because we have testified of God

Then they returned to London for election sure, they labour with increasing that he raised up Christ: whom he raised

rise not. if the dead so up, all be that not the faithful become and maydedication of the British temple site. assiduity,

is if rise not, then this the For dead must the partakers of glory; and same The weatherman had frowned upon be effected by the same means, viz., in the Christ raised: not

southern England during July and House built unto the Lord. Therefore, And if Christ be not raised, your faith

sins. yet in your ye are vain; in the British Isles, let us arise and isearly August. Cloudy sudSaints days and

fallen asleep are also which they build! 1 Then rainstormsden, heavy the rule. were

this occasionBut in Christ are perished. on the skies were

blue; the shone gloriously; sun and And now in 1953, with this hope to Christ,If in wethisarelifeof allonlymenwe mosthave miserable.hope in

the 150 people who gathered for the be realized, President Perschon stood But now is Christ risen from the dead, service looked happy as they added on the British temple site and reand become the firstfruits of them that slept. early missacrifices of those the It called blessing to their store.another

2 death, since by For by man man came Britain. to first sionaries came who "dedication weather,"Presidentwas of the dead. resurrection also the came

McKay remarked. "They came in poverty and distress,"For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ

In keeping with the nature of he said, "but they were rich in faith."shall all be made alive. (I Cor. 15:1222.)

Church services, the dedication proToday, when the British people are Else what shall they do which are bapgram was simple but very impressive. not richly blessed with this world's tized for the dead, if the dead rise not at

The service was held in a shady goods and have not yet recovered all? why are they then baptized for the

corner of the garden, south of the from the many privations they sufdead? (Ibid., 15:29.)

house, where those attending could fered during the last war, their faith The hope of the resurrection, of gaze on a grove of beautiful trees, and perseverance are to be rewarded, assisting loved ones beyond the grave and in that setting, recalling the toil and they in due time will receive the in finding eternal happiness, and of and sacrifice of missionaries and other blessings of temple ordinances in the meeting them there, is scriptural, the

Saints in the land of Britain for more house of the Lord. prophet of the Lord declared. He

than a century, it was difficult to Every ear was tuned to hear the voiced the comforting message that sing the old pioneer hymns without words of President David O. McKay when the human heart is still and

emotion. Those who belong to Britain as he rose, Bible in hand, to speak. the eyes are glazed and the body rewere filled with gratitude that their He prefaced his remarks with these turned to dust, the spirit lives on as

longcherished hope was finally to scriptures: an individual, and the body will somebe realized. A temple here at home! time be resurrected. If Christ, after

How bounteous are the blessings of Now if Christ be preached that he rose his death in the flesh, went and the Lord! from the dead, how say some among you preached to them "Which sometime

Almost a hundred years ago, in thatButthereif thereis no beresurrectionno resurrectionof the ofdead?the were disobedient, when once the

1854, Elder Franklin D. Richards said dead, then is Christ not risen: longsuffering of God waited in the

to the British Saints: Millennial Star, Franklin D. Richards, Vol. 14, days of Noah, while the ark was a pp. 9-10, 1852. preparing..."(I Peter 3:20) then

the ancient worthies As appreciated the British in 1837 Mission opened by Heber was 2The loved passed ones our have away who Richards, Kimball, Willard Orson C. Hyde, and ordinances, revelations, the the ministraFielding, missionaries also three Joseph and If also alive today. are there were tions, of the the powers and Lord's House Russell, from Goodson, and John Canada—John

L. Snyder. (Richard Evans, rose those the "Morgrave of from IsaacA Century and who their in midst, so latterSaints of do the

Tress, '937, Britain, Deseret in Great News monism".... days. secured Hundreds have unto page) following (Continued 16.) on P

...".I'"'"%'t ':% ---\

Ms-.... liltllSNil......,::J.".:! * ':.; '::r;::L:Tl:SV:;'> If'-:

ili ll|li:||||ililfilillliilll

IF'Rear view of New Chapel from middle distance, taken out in the formal gardens.

OCTOBER 1953 745 President McKay is seen here turning the first shovel of earth to commence construction of the Swiss Temple. Appearing, left to right,

are President Wilhelm Zimmer, Edward O. Anderson,

President William F. Perschon, Dr. Llewelyn McKay,

President McKay, Sister McKay, President A. Hamer

Reiser, Sister Reiser, and President Samuel E. Bringhurst.

"To the Glory of God"

(Continued from preceding page) regarding salvation for the dead, and the gospel be saved? President

came forth and appeared to many at was led to reply, "I don't want anyMcKay invited the world to prothe time Christ rose, then we have thing to do with your religion. Anyvide an answer. If they say the dead

the assurance that others who have where I might go, if I could not be have no need of baptism, then why lived here will also appear. associated with those I love, it would should we who are alive need

He told the interesting story of the not be heaven to me."The human baptism, he asked.

Chinese student who met a Christian heart yearns for reunion with loved Using Paul's sermon on the resurminister while crossing the ocean and ones. rection to indicate that baptism for

listened to his message. Hearing Yet baptism is necessary for all. the dead had been a practice of the

from him that all those who had died The scriptures unequivocally declare: early Christian church, he explained

without baptism could not be saved, "Except a man be born of water and the purpose of temples in our day, the Chinese boy with all the love of of the Spirit, he cannot enter into where baptism for the dead is again his forebears in his heart cried: "Then the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.) performed. The saving power of

what about my grandfather?"He How then shall our loved ones who baptism by proxy has always been a

received no comfort from the minister departed this earth without hearing (Continued on page 781)

President McKay addressing the Saints and missionaries gathered at New

Chapel, south of London.

The services are held near the spot selected as the site for the British Temple.

President A. Hamer Reiser

is seated in the foreground taking notes. President

McKay dedicated the site following this talk.

/ I

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the postmaster of Janetstown where

William McKay lived."He graciously presented this letter together with the "Aild Hour two pamphlets, one of the account

of the 1935 meeting of the McKay

Clan Association in London; the other

After 54 years President McKay a small history of the McKay clan.

Father, in turn, gave Mr. MacKay

revisits the birthplace of his father three pounds for a rare edition of the

History of Caithness.

We are told that the McKay clan by Llewelyn R. McKay once owned all of the county of

Sutherland, as far back as 1160 when history tells us of the "expulsion of the MacEths (McKays) from Moray."August 13, 1953, our group was stantly crossed the road. No one

Onready at 6:50 a.m. to make the could doubt being in the sheep counBetweenhowever, the"theyearsStrathnover1815 and Clear1818,

last lap of our journey to Thurso, try of Scotland as all the hillsides ances of Sutherland took place to situated on Pentland Firth on the were dotted with sheep. Scattered make room for sheep"and hundreds

most northern tip of Scotland. Two here and there were farmhouses, of families were driven out into the

miles from Thurso in Janetstown many of which had long been abanof county Caithness. Among thesestands the old homestead built by doned, and the thatched roofs were

of a greatgreat-grandfather was

President David O. McKay's grandfalling to the ground. President McKay.

father, William McKay, about the As we reached Thurso, the storm year 1838, and this was our objective. had subsided and left an almost im- "When I was here in Scotland fiftyOur party consisted 'of President perceptible morning breeze. We four years ago,"said Father, "I loMcKay and Mother in the back seat, stopped our cars to get breakfast at cated the home built by my grandand Elder Richard Orgill and me in the hotel, but Father noticed a sign father William McKay, and I think

the front of one car. In the second across the street which diverted his I can find it again. Go straight out

auto were President and Sister A. interest away from eating: "Wm. this road to a village called JanetsHamer Reiser, their two daughters, Oman, Grocer.""There is a family town."After we had gone two miles

Elaine and Carolyn, and the driver, name!"he exclaimed. "My grand- ("which is much faster than when

Elder Bryant Stringham. mother's maiden name was Ellen I was here before,"remarked Father;

Although it rained in torrents as Oman, and I was given 'Oman'for "I was a poor missionary and always we drove along the picturesque coast my middle name!"and he immediatewalked such short distances") Father

of the North Sea, Father predicted ly went into the store to see if he pointed out a small, twochimney, sunshine when we reached our desticould find a relative in the proprietor. rock house left of the road. "There

nation. We crossed the barren peat During breakfast, Father teleit is!"and his eyes sparkled with

hills where we are told the trees phoned to Mr. Abroch MacKay, the joy. "We shall inquire in this house

were burned to kill the ravaging "man who knows all about the McKay here, because it looks as though the is unoccupied."wolves and wild animals. Other folk clan."Abroch MacKay turned out to old home

claim. the marauding Norsemen be an elderly, cultured, and educated We didn't need to knock. Faces

scorched the earth. The famous gentleman who possesses a wealth of were already peering out the window

Scottish heather covered the ground material about the history of northand a man came out to greet us, inand gave the various shades of green ern Scotland. "Yes,"he began, "I troducing himself as Charles Mclver.

in the grass an accompaniment of have a letter concerning your grand- "Mclver!"exclaimed Father. "It

purples. Roving herds of sheep confather, William McKay, written by (Concluded on following page)

Birthplace at Janetstown (near Thurso), Scotland, of David McKay, father of President David O. McKay.

"But and Ben"home was built by William McKay, grandfather of President McKay. From left to right:

Elaine and Carolyn Reiser, Sister Reiser, President A.

Hamer Reiser, President David O. McKay, Sister

Emma Ray McKay, Elder Richard Orgill and Dr.

Llewelyn R. McKay.

OCTOBER 1953 747 was a Mclver to whom I spoke fiftyfour years ago when inquiring about the old home."

"That's right; that was my grandfather. I read in the papers that you

were in Scotland and knew it must be you as soon as you stepped from the car. Yes, indeed, that's the house

across the way where the 'Black

Minister'used to live. My father

spoke of it many times!"

I learned later that Father's clan was known as the "black"(darkhaired) McKays to distinguish them from the "light"(blondhaired) clan.

William McKay was called minister after he joined the Mormons.

Charles Mclver had come into possession of all the adjoining property Balloch, port at the tip of Loch Lomond, Scotland.

to his house including the old McKay home. "I'm sorry,"he said, "the old ago I knocked on this door to inquire ran along the front of the house

place isn't very presentable. I use if this is the old home. A sweet leading at the left into a living room

it for storing potatoes now. You are old lady opened the door, and I told and at the right into the kitchen;

welcome to drive over if you like her who I was. She turned into the the single bedroom situated between.

and look at it."kitchen, and I thought 'Aha, now that The cooking.was done on a small

Indeed we should like to do so. As she knows I'm a Mormon, she won't stove set in the fireplace. We admired

predicted, the sun broke through the let me in,'but she called out: "You'll the thick, footand-a-half walls of

clouds and smiled at us as though he come richt in an'you'll sit right doon. stone, still as sturdy as ever. In the

were reflecting the joy and happiness An'are ye Willie's grandson? Ach 'a garden which once flourished were

in Father's heart. nee, Ach 'a nee—I'm gettin'auld! still some plants of rhubarb, the same

As we all gathered in front of the They used to dip 'em i'the burn "strawberry"type as my grandfather home, tears came to Father's eyes as Do ye do that noo?"had in Huntsville. It is not imhe looked through the door. "If it "I can still see that dear old soul probable that the Huntsville variety

had not been for two missionaries standing here. Her name was also originated from this plot.

knocking on this door about 1850, I McKay, but no relation as far as we We took many pictures and reshouldn't be here today! In this little could figure out. She treated me turned across the street to thank Mr.

"but"and "ben"(living room and royally and hoped I'd come back Mclver. This time Mrs. Mclver came

kitchen) house were born my father, again. Well, here I am again, but out of the house and also her bashful

Isaac, toll."Uncle time has taken its Aunt Ena, Aunt Kate, needn't been have

Isabel. Fiftyfour years explained Father and Aunt how is very the inner hall daughter—whobashful, for she charming!

When told of the old Mrs. McKay

who met Father fiftyfour years ago,

Mr. Mclver informed us that she was

his aunt and that she passed away in 1918.

It was worth the trip to see how much joy had come to Father and how gratifying it was to him to be once again in the land of his forefathers and particularly to be in his father's birthplace.

I could see that he was reluctant to bid farewell to the old homestead.

Undoubtedly it hurt him to see it falling into ruins because as we drove away, he called to Mr. Mclver:

"Please take care of the auld hous!"

"Do you know,"Father said as we sat down that night to supper, "I should like to see the old place restored as it used to be."

I couldn't eat much supper, because, somehow, there was a lump in my

The famous "Brig o'Turk,"one of President McKay's favorite spots in Scotland. throat.

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MARVIN O. ASHTON

AND THE UNDERSTANDING HEART

by Naomi Shepard MacCabe

In those days I never saw him Then he'd start singing, "Never Be walk. He always ran. Like the day Late to the Sunday School Class."

he made up his mind to build a One morning when I was the only chapel in Wasatch Ward! passenger riding to school, he was

He came running across the lawn very quiet.

that separated our homes, in his shirt Just before letting me out he said, sleeves. He took our back porch "Abraham Lincoln once said, 'I have

steps two at a time before he knocked been driven many times to my knees at our door. by the overwhelming conviction that

"Get your picks and shovels,"he there was nowhere else to go, my called, as I opened the door, "We're own wisdom and that about me going to build a church!"seemed insufficient for the day.'You

He never said, "You do this."It can get down on your knees in your

was always "We'll do this."heart and ask for guidance. That's

His enthusiasm was so great, his what I've been doing this morning.

sincerity so strong, that news spread Thanks for keeping quiet."

fast. He loved Abraham Lincoln. He'd

When the building committee talk about him as if he were a living turned the first sod, every man, brother and quote his sayings. It

woman, and child who wanted to was Bishop Ashton who first made take a turn at the shovel were numme acquainted with the greatness of bered among the firsts. Edwin Markham's poem about AbraWe all felt a keen responsibility ham Lincoln, "The Man of the Peotoward getting that chapel built. He ple."

Marvin O. Ashton made every member feel that the Bishop Ashton always had time for

completion of the building would be everyone and everything. He lived

Manyof oftheus knewPresidinghim as Bishopric.a member a Whilepersonalwe accomplishment.worked, Bishop Ashton byneighbourthe commandment,as thyself. He usedLoveto say,thy

Some of us knew him at the was there, along with the rest of us, "Love every man, woman, and child

Utah State Capitol, as a member of in overalls. He never stopped until who need help. Then help them!"

the House of Representatives, as the last man had gone home. He He was a man of action. He pracpresident of Highland Stake, or as went among us, smiling and joking, tised what he preached. One night,

bishop of Wasatch Ward, (now) Hillmaking us feel that it was not work just before Christmas, we'd gathered side (Salt Lake City) Stake. but fun. around his kitchen table to help

Maybe you did business with him He knew how to play, too. Some Bishop and Sister Ashton pack baskets

when he was president of Sugar Saturday nights while we were workfor the needy. I remember his saying,

House Lumber Company or of the ing, he'd call a halt around eight "There's one thing you can always

Rotary Club or when he was working o'clock. We'd all go the few blocks be certain of, you'll never want as

on one of the dozens of other jobs to his home, stretch canvas, and long as you share with others and he always held. dance and eat ice cream and waterpay your tithing."

All of us will remember the twinkle melon. He understood the needs of the

in his eye that reminded us not to We teenagers adored him! Several youth of the ward. He'd pray and

take ourselves or the world too seriof us used to ride with him in his sing and play ball with them. More

ously. Ford to the Irving Junior High than once I've seen him fall flat on

He lived with a zest and enjoySchool. That was when he was his face to touch a base with his

ment that few men know. manager of the Sugar House Lumber hand that he couldn't reach with his

Sister Ashton once said to me, "He Company, which is across the street feet.

has a heart of gold. It is big enough from the school. He knew their hobbies and dreams

for every man, woman, and child in He would come steaming out of and he used to say, "Hitch your the ward."his house, his overcoat flying as he wagon to a star, then don't fall off."

That was when he was bishop of took his porch steps two or three at He was never too busy to listen to

Wasatch Ward, and I was a teen- a time. He'd honk his horn lustily troubles. He never criticized or

ager living next door. if we were not already in the car. (Concluded on page 793)

OCTOBER 1953 749—Photograph, courtesy ]. I. Case Co.

An example of modern farm machinery is a tractor pulling a disk plow.

Can Farming Be Made to Pay?

by Thomas L. Martin

DEAN, COLLEGE OF APPLIED SCIENCE, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

This question is a very important and they are to be found among the years he had transformed that farm. one just now, because many people experienced—must have reasons for He raised sugar beets year after year

are becoming concerned about the their claims. according to a definite system of

declining farm population. Far too Glancing around this western manuring and rotation. The averfew young people desire to stay on farming area, we find many farms age yield of sugar beets on that farm

the farm. A vision of more satisfyand homes where success is evident. is now over thirty tons an acre.

ing work in other walks of life seems A certain farm in one of our neighMany other illustrations could be to attract them. Many reasons are boring states had been neglected for given to indicate that sugarbeet

advanced why so many young men a long time. It had been depleted farming can be made to pay.

do not desire to undertake life as a to the point that the owner decided A recent girl graduate of the animal farmer. These young people mention the farm should be abandoned. Two husbandry department of Brigham

the lack of attractiveness; the intons of sugar beets an acre was the Young University claims that hog

creased labor because of poor physical maximum yield. Experiment station raising is a most profitable entersoil conditions; the decreased yields workers took charge of this farm. prise. This student says that pigs

because of lowered soil fertility; the Using barnyard manures, green farrowed in January and February

increased number of plant diseases, manures, and crop rotation, they will sell in August and September because of depleted soil; and many changed the yield within five years when prices are high. She says most

others. However, they do not seem from two tons to thirtythree tons of people have their pigs farrow in

to know that with scientific measures sugar beets an acre. March and April, then sell in October

applied, all these negative conditions A former student of Brigham Young and November when prices are low.

mav be overcome. University moved into the Lower She applies a systematic method of

There are, however, many farmers Snake River Valley in Idaho. He raising hogs and says that because

who say that poultry farming pays, took over some farming land that of her system she can make more that hog raising is profitable, that was yielding eight to eleven tons of money raising hogs than in most sugarbeet farming is lucrative, that sugar beets an acre. He became a other kinds of farming.

dairy farming pays very well. The dairyman and put all of the manure Many an orchard has been lifted

men who make these assertions back on this land. In less than nine from failure to success because the

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA orchardist planted alfalfa or sweet which I have given you the figures, I $11,250.00 a year. Over a tenyear

clover between his trees and allowed could consider myself fairly well period the total would be $1 12,500.00.

the material to grow and fall down paid. This would cost $18,000.00. Subtract the total cost of $87,000.00

as a mulch year after year without Add all of these together, and it will from the money received for butterfat being cut. As a result, the little be found that I have involved myself sold, there would remain $25,500.00

rootlets feed at the surface of the soil to the extent of $93,000.00."extra. In addition to this, he would

in the mulch that is created. In this Could this farmer pay off in ten own his cows, his herd, his equipcondition iron is liberated chemically years? My informant claims that he ment, and would have received a good

in sufficient quantities to prevent can. Notice how this man reasoned: salary for his work during this

chlorosis and to control many other "A cow should produce 375 pounds period."

diseases. Thus the quantity and of butterfat each year. This is not This illustration of my farmer

quality of crop are all that could be too much to expect from a good friend would be a little difficult to desired. Orchardists who carry on animal. The average production in establish in detail during these inthis practice have materially inthe state is only two hundred pounds flated times, but the man gives one

creased the intake from their orto the cow; but a good dairyman an idea that farming can be made

chards. would not be satisfied with that. The profitable. He did make it pay.

at Young Brigham produced average During period, this same there were raisers have given poultry Many year in one dairy farm University farmers said it many could not who proposition. losing a as their workup

is pounds herd 483 a Holstein with be done.

are poultrymenYet, there other who are meeting with success. The latof butterfat to the animal. A Mr. What can we say when an exYost of Midway, Wasatch County, perienced and successful dairymanter use builtup litter, feed properly,

herd, of a profitable Guernsey owner gives us these figures and demonutilize time, right at the grainsbuy than not less 'A said, must make cow strates on that farm the his ownall leave devices. laborsaving They

first her butterfat of with 280 pounds as project explained to be can made will a that promotenothing undone pounds four hundred calf when and pay? has Nothing said been about of business.profitable them Many goes.'So, 375 or she out matured, calves the that this are during borntestify net anto $1800.00 making

is a butterfat each of cow pounds period. tenyear This should adbe hens. fournually from hundred What expect. to Thirty reasonable amount to profits. the ded are other There of flockthey between a from make 11,250 pounds produce would cows incidentals that should to be added ten hens thousandtwo and thousand to years the year. 1939 During each profits, the is least not of the which is proportionally. greatly increased told this successful dairyman 1949, me the fertility increased this of farm find dairying of matter In we the butterfat for price paid average the

of the because of application the those operators, of kindsagain that two winter a pound. $1.15 The was these from animals. manure Many others discouraged, are and who the investigated, figureswho these were

stock, other too, are well do and it well. dairyman very ofsay butterfat for pays One price a paid pound

inexpensively care taken of where a valley a nearby averfrom gave me some $1.35. $1.15 a pound The was

exists. thirtycow dairy herd fascinating.figures were figure over a tenyear is a fair He which age

answered my question, "Can dairy period. The freight on this butterfat There are possibilities in farming.

farming be made to pay?"Although cost around fifteen cents a pound. This The teaching in our agricultural col-

I realize that conditions and costs leaves one dollar a pound that the leges supports the idea that farming vary, let me reproduce our conversafarmer receives. A total of 11,250 pays. Young men should be ention: pounds produced by thirty cows equals (Concluded on page 789)

"On the basis of my experience, supposing I want to own a dairy farm of thirty cows, I should be able to buy good dairy animals at $300.00

each. Thirty of them would cost me

$9000.00. Land during the last ten

years could be bought for $300.00 an

acre in our area, and eighty acres would cost $24,000.00. I would need

a home and some farm buildings. As

prices have been during the last few years, I could get a home and buildings for approximately $10,000.00.

Equipment would be needed which would take about another $5000.00.

The upkeep and interest if allowed a tenyear period would cost $15,000.00.

I would need some help at various times, particularly during the summer. I would, on the average, need

$100.00 a month for this additional

help. I would allow myself $150.00

a month for my work during this tenNo doubt the time will come when more and more families will make farming a year period. I think for the time for profitable venture.

OCTOBER 1953 751 Turning Wheels

by Ora Pate Stewart

an hour come rock he had road the where sat on a sizable FosterAmos traffic the during only before. tree and The a cottonwood under

1 poked at a weed with his cane. hour had been a rumbly pickup goIt had been years since he'd visited ing down with the morning milk, and

the place, yes, years and years! The the same truck a half -hour later

spot, when mentioned at all, had chugging back up toward the canyon always been referred to as "up the above, jostling the empty cans. But

creek,"although the creek itself had this was the first Saturday morning been rerouted to higher ground and in May... and there would be

had for several decades now been comers! There had been comers the

known as the Citizens'Utility and week before. Amos studied the eviIrrigation Canal Project, a name dence they had left... three or four

which civilization and a trough of spots of crudely spaded earth.

cement had imposed upon the quiet People were becoming extravagant little stream. It had submitted with the world's bounties. But then,

obediently, and only the faintest trace there was an extravagance of the remained of where it had wound bounties themselves. It was a good

down among the willows and cottonage. Amos had no thought to revive

woods during the untamed years. But the days of his father nor for that

trees and rocks had held their ground. matter the days of his grandfather.

This tree and this rock had marked No. They had created this age of comthe place still occasionally rememfort for him, and he would accept it

bered as up the creek. The thing gratefully. He had himself seen a part

that tugged at the heart of Amos of their struggle and sacrifice. But the

Foster was the fact that rememreminiscence, nostalgic as it was, could brance had become only occasional. not truthfully recall these as the

He remembered the first time he good old days. They were hard and

had ever been up there. His mind sacrificial. Amos thought of his

turned back the seventyodd years. grandfather who had lain not three

He was three. His father had held feet from this very rock for sixtyhim over a gaping oblong hole and five years. The frail little grandThere was the whirring sound the

told him to say goodbye to his baby mother had preceded him. Together wind makes as it glances off pantlegs

sister Mary. Then his mother had they had walked across the plains, only to be caught in bicycle wheels,

snuggled him into the homespun and together they had carried their and the louder, crunching sound of folds of her dress while his father and tiny twin sons, Jacob and Esau. When narrow tires treading the thin gravel

the bishop had shoveled the brown their shoes were gone, they wrapped overlay of the upthe-creek road.

earth over the small homemade box. their feet in rags. And when the Amos waited.

Only the day before they had been rags wore away, they wore blisters. "Wouldn't it be something if we

playing in their father's carpenter Having heard the story retold from could get a whole skeleton?"asked

shop, he and baby Mary. She was his infancy on up, Amos recalled that a voice in variation of an ungendered

just tall enough to reach the workhe had been a fairsized boy before register. At least, the boys were

bench on tiptoes. Amos was able to he had learned that "blisters"weren't really quite young, Amos observed.

see on top of the workbench. He a type of pioneer moccasin. The bicycles slowed to a stop and

found some shiny wood screws to Amos Foster drew his father's watch were stacked carelessly in the hollow play with. He divided them with from his vest pocket. It was nearly that once had been the creek.

Mary. Mary loved them. She tasted noon. Even boys born to this age Amos Foster stood, then. He

two or three and then swallowed of extravagance and ease should be wanted to meet them from his full them. Amos had cried then, and about by nine. He arose and looked height.

their father had come running. Mary down the road. They were coming "Good morning, boys!"He smiled

had died in his arms. now—four of them on bicycles. They broadly from one to the next. There

The weeds gave way to the had two shovels and a spade. Amos was only one of the four that he

prodding of the cane, and Amos Foster sat down again. It would be just knew—Lafe Sargent's boy. Yes,

tapped the divot of earth thoughtas well if they didn't see him right Lafe would have done the same fully back into place. Might as well away. The willows were fairly leafy, thing. And so would Jeremiah, his

let the weeds grow. At least they and Grandmother's wild rosebush father. Amos wasn't surprised. But

were green. He arose and stretched sheltered the spot from the road. Amos all that showed on his countenance

his cramped joints and looked down Foster waited. was the smile.

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Iriii, picked up the shovel that had been dropped. "Even an old boy sometimes has to dig."He laid his cane

down carefully, pointing it due east of the center of the rock. "One span

o'cane to the east,"he said under his breath as if he were quoting from a map out of some adventure story.

He measured the length and width with the cane, scooping the earth at each place and drawing a rectangular trench from point to point with the shovel. From the further bank

that used to bound the creek he brought shovels of dirt and began heaping them in the enclosure and working it into an oblong mound.

"Why, Mister Foster,"exclaimed the Sargent boy who still clutched his shovel; "you're making a grave!"

"So I am, son. So I am,"said

Amos. "And do you know whose

grave it is? It is my grandfather's

grave. Do you want to help"me

make it?""Did you have a grandfather?"

asked the boy with the spade. "Jeepers, he must be old."

"He wasn't as old as me when they laid him here,"Amos answered as he smoothed at the mound. "He had

to work too hard. Here we have to

go off of a Saturday morning and dig, just to keep our energy from splittin'us out at the seams. But not

him. He had to get up before daylight and do his chores so he could

"Why, Mister Foster,"exclaimed the Sargent boy, who still clutched his spend the day makin'dpbies for the shovel, "you're making a grave!"fort so as to keep the Indians out of

the settlement. I was born in that

"I see you brought your shovels boy has got to dig a few angleworms fort. There wuzn't many Indians in

along."(One boy dropped his in the spring."my day. But there wuz plenty inshovel and another one put his spade "We wuzn't gonna dig any—"The Grandpa's. One night a big Indian

behind him.) "Gonna do a little hand to mouth gesture was repeated. might have kidnaped my granddiggin'? Sego lilies maybe. They're "Well, in the spring a young boy's mother and her little brother and

mighty delicious. Mighty delicious. just got to dig, I guess."Amos Foster the twins if she hadn't set fire to his

Only sego lilies are better a month braids with a stick of kindling wood.

from now. Ya'really ought to They wuz bad. Grandpa never even

let 'em go to seed, so there'll be got time to dig his own well for more next year. We ought'ta cultithirty years. I remember when he

vate the sego lilies special because dug that well. He was so proud.

more than a hundred years ago they And it was the greatest luxury in the saved the lives of the pioneers. But world to Grandma. She planted

I can't resist just one or two each sunflowers up and down the walk spring. Just can't resist them. Yep, and carried water to 'em in a bucket.

in the spring a boy's gotta dig one She walked to the canyon and dug or two sego lilies."up a wild rosebush and planted it

"We wuzn't gonna dig sego lilies,"in her dooryard. Everybody told her

said the boy with the spade. And it would die, but she just kep'on

a companion clapped his hand over lookin'after it until it made an the smaller boy's mouth. arbor over the walk. When she

"Maybe angleworms, then. A boy died my father and his twin brother

has to dig angleworms in the spring. Esau took a shoot off that rose and

When does the fishin'season open? planted it on her grave. It's grown

Pretty soon now, doesn't it? Yep, a (Continued on page 775)

OCTOBER 1953 753 VersusNEGATIVE POSITIVE

by Sterling Calaban

What personality traits of unpopular teachers are most disliked hy students?

graduate student at George remarks of many reflected the opinBut the scoffer says of the sup-

A Washingtonfor his master'sUniversitystudy theselectedrather ionteacherof oneridiculedgirl somethingwho said, I "Thesaid posedabout hispartialityfavorite ofdisciple,Jesus,John"Howthe formidable task of discovering what the first day I met her."* Beloved? Surely that can't be deattitudes and personality traits of It must have been a great temptanied."It probably cannot be denied

unpopular teachers were most distion for Jesus in the face of rethat he who like other mortals liked by students on the secondarypeated unjustified criticism to rewas composed of "body, parts, and school level. Results of this intaliate with sarcasm. But having passions"was not entirely free of

vestigation had a peculiar relation vision far beyond the scope of the emotion, yet intelligence tempered to the principles of Christianity. ordinary mortal, he saw the futility every act which he performed, proAs part of the investigation, of such a procedure. His was at all vided a perfect coordination of the

anonymous written statements of times the positive approach. Even emotional with the unwaveringness

dislike were solicited of a wide at the supreme moment when morof divine objectivity, variety of participants. An examtality was slipping from him, his Participating students felt that

ination of several of these reveals attitude was one of compassion: the characteristic "not sympathetic

personality deficiencies which might "Father, forgive them, for they toward students"ranked very high well have been eliminated through know not what they do."At the on the list of negative traits, for

adherence to the doctrines of the one time in his life when we find they assigned it a thirdplace posiSavior. Students were asked to evidence of righteous indignation tion. Many of the respondents

make statements and indicate charat the unholy activities which had gave evidence of having teachers acteristics concerning only their been carried on in the temple, he who were totally lacking in fundamost disliked teachers, In addition did not resort to sarcasm. Rather, mental human sympathy, the qualto specific statements, pupils were his anger was of a forthright, open ity of understanding,

also asked to indicate, in the order nature; there was no evidence of Many of the great men of history

of dislike, a series of negative the underhandedness of sarcasm, have possessed this quality of tintraits found in disliked teachers and Ridicule was entirely foreign to the derstanding in generous abundance, taken from a check list of sixtytransactions of this great Teacher. In many instances it has been the

three such items. The following He did nothing, said nothing, that source of their political success and

are the seven mostfrequently-menwould indicate anything but a comhas formed an essential cornerstone tioned negative traits in the order of pletely magnanimous desire for the in the structure of their greatness, times mentioned: forgiveness of his oppressors. Christ, however, more than any

Used ridicule, was sarcastic The next mostfrequently-menother, seemed to touch the heartWas partial to certain students tioned item of dislike with reference strings of people from every social not sympathetic Was toward students to unpopular teachers and economic station. personality Had disagreeable

Was unreasonable "was partial to cerHis popularity must

Was narrowminded tain students,"might have been tremendous

Threatened and frightened students be argumentprovok- Students will although relatively litAn examination of these personing when the attempt tle is said directly ality deficiencies reveals that they is made to speak of forgive pedagogical about his appeal to the were totally absent in the Master Christ as being wholly deficiencies but not masses. The story of

Teacher. Not only is this true, but impartial. Christ was, the feeding of the five

also in all cases he exhibited the of course, the true bepersonality defithousand gives creopposite positive trait. liever in complete deciencies. dence to the supposiMost frequently mentioned on mocracy for us all, for tion that great throngs

the list was "used ridicule, was sarwas it not he who in frequently gathered to castic."The fact that unpopular the face of Satanic oppartake of his wisteachers ridicule their students is position proclaimed the right of free dom. He was besieged by remade evident by the unflattering agency to be superior to that of quests from all sources because

remarks of some of their charges. force? Nor was he passive in his people felt that he "understood."

One pupil states that his "teacher belief; he was willing to translate That this feeling was justified is

was rude to all and mean for no his belief into gooddispensing ac borne out by the fact that sinner finally that reason"and "he was earthly mission. tion—his for and saint to him alike came all of put out schools."Many

have, statements 'Verbatim cases, been in many Surely other if anything only in part, used a very schools small and but of counsel. their fraction are easily not rid of so

"badpenny"instructors, for the thearticle.several hundred responses could be cited in this than the light of understanding had

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA monument to the imprudence of selfappointed judges. "Let him

who is without sin cast the first stone"is a cry which has echoed since that time with an appeal far more penetrating than those which come from any human source.

Fifth among the disliked traits of unpopular teachers was that of being "unreasonable."Although one

study of the investigation deals with the remarks of normally conservative graduate students who appraised their disliked teachers as they remembered them, their statements show ample evidence of unreasonableness. A few of these

remarks will bear this out:

My second most disliked teacher was unreasonably stern, having no tolerance for ideas other than his own in class. He had

a negative rather than a positive overall attitude.

... He required more memorization than

understanding.

Her motto was "teacher is always right"; she was too opinionated. The goals

of her classes were set beyond the reach of the average student.... She was very

partial and never friendly.

She was not only sarcastic but also unreasonably precise. Was unable to sense

students'problems; talked over our heads.

He delighted in embarrassing pupils.

Would "ride"a student sometimes for twenty to thirty minutes until he wore him out. He insisted that his way was the

only right way.

Reason, it seems, is a quality which is interpreted in the light of—From a painting by B. Plockhorst one's own interest. If a certain

'Suffer Little Children to Come Unto Me"course of action serves our purpose, we declare it reasonable; if it does

not, we speak of it as being unbeen exhibited, such would not have activities of Jesus—with one exreasonable. Christ, with the wisbeen the case. ception. The plushlined deceit of dom which surpassed us of this

Fourth on the list of disliked social flattery which has come to mortal sphere, acted in accordance traits found in teachers was a "disbe the stockin-trade of many who with a higher plan of action. When

agreeable personality."This charaspire to greatness was something he did something, it was not with

acteristic might well have formed which the Savior would not tolerate the thought of gain for any particuthe heading for the first ten traits, in his own makeup. Christ's forthlar man or group; he was aiming

for, without exception, they were rightness, however, smacked of genat higher goals. His was the course

related to personality. tle rebuke, yet there is no evidence of true reason; and although his

Disliked teachers described by that the underprivileged, the downmotives were not always apparent, participating pupils almost without trodden received anything but the there is no doubt that they were exception had negative personalities. utmost kindness at his hands. The just and reasonable.

If any one phrase could be coined quaintness of his many parables was "Narrowminded"was the sixth to provide a concise picture of these a neverending source of enjoyment trait on which students focused unpopular teachers, it would be and enlightenment to those he attheir attention. The teacher who

"weak personality."Students have tracted. His gift for saying the acts in such a way as to invite be-

a tendency to forgive pedagogical unusual left his enemies speechless; ing labeled "narrowminded"is indeficiencies, but where negative it provided his followers with godly viting psychological disaster in the

traits concerned with personality sagacity. The farseeing wisdom classroom. This does not mean

are involved, they grant no quarter. with which he handled the case of that he must be without standards;

The popular concept of the good the sinful woman who was to be quite the contrary is true. It does

personality fits very nicely into the stoned mUst stand forever as a (Concluded on page 774)

OCTOBER 1953 755 The GLACIER and the of ROCK MOUNTAIN

&y Sharon Thompson SEVENTEEN YEARS OF AGE

WeTimpanogosbegan ourat 3:15ascenta.m.,of fromMt. thecarveddeepthe watersgreen valleythat followedbelow us. andIn ana hillemeraldof greenpool.runningTo ourfromrightthe edgewas

the bottom of Aspen Grove in the distance we saw the silver of of the lake to a meadow guarded by

Provo Canyon. We climbed by flashDeer Creek Reservoir and the many a mountain of rock shooting a mile

light. This portion of the climb was irrigation canals, looking like silver into the air.

easy because there was a wellworn fingers, creeping into the valley to The glacier shouted to me, and path, and the only difficult part of stir it into life. Twinkling between the mountain of rock called to me,

the trail was the large loose rocks a dip in the mountains were the and in unison they challenged, "We along the way. About fortyfive minlights of a still sleeping city, above dare you to climb us. We stand

utes after leaving, we came to us the sky was an azure blue studded here, waiting for you to conquer us.

Spencer's Falls. From what we could with a few diamond stars. Around But you are made of only flesh, and

make out of them, they were very its edges the sky was burnt orange within you are the many weaknesses beautiful as the trail followed along and flaming red with newly awakened of man, while we are made of stone their edge and then cut away from life. Far above, we could hear the and have no hearts. We have stood

them. muted talking of a herd of sheep as for many years, and here we will

As we climbed, the day became they traveled the mountainside in stand for many more, for no man lighter. Just as we reached the snow search of food. Below us we could shall move us."

line, at five o'clock, the sky was clear see the drops of a waterfall jump into Then they whispered so only I and glowing with the dawn's light. the air, shatter into a million pricecould hear, "But if you succeed, your

As we climbed higher, the light beless gems, and then fall back to earth. reward will be great, and your heart

came brighter until, as we stopped to And still we climbed higher. We will rejoice."

rest, the sun shot up from behind climbed to a knoll. As I climbed, I I took their challenge, and my

the distant mountains in a ball of turned to look behind me. I saw the heart called back, "I take your chalorange flame and set the world aglow world, and I marveled. When I lenge, and I shall conquer you and

with its warmth. reached the top of that little hill, my receive my reward."

We reached the halfway mark, breath was taken from me. There at Then my heart whispered so only

where we rested and talked and sat the bottom of the hill was a lake rethe glacier and the mountain of rock and looked about us and marveled at flecting the blue of the sky. From could hear, "But first I must rest,

God's works. We sat with our backs the middle of its shimmering depths for I am made of only flesh, and you

to a green meadow eaten short by the rose an island of startling green, and are made of stone, and no man who sheep. A huge mountain rose from towering above the lake was the is weak can move you."

the edge of the green expanse, lifting glacier—a living monument to the So I rested and put my ear down

its head proudly into the sky to comdays that had been, a tall majestic on the meadow, and I heard the mune with God. In front of us we figure of a woman wrapped in a ticking of eternity and the creaking

could see the path of glaciers and cloak of white, dabbling her feet in'of the earth. When I was rested,

Through the Eyes of YOUTH756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hal Rumel Photo Mount Timpanogos from the east, with Deer Creek Reservoir in the foreground.

I went to the lake and drank its icy glacier and a mountain of rock; and a living monument to man and inwater and then turned and shouted you are both made of stone; and you dustry—Geneva Steel.

to the glacier and the mountain of have no hearts. You were created I thought how great the towns and

rock, "Are you ready? I am, and today by the same hands that created me. the steel plant had been on the

I shall conquer you."Those hands made you strong and me ground, and how small and insignifiAnd up the wall of ice I went, my weak, but they gave you no heart cant the lake and mountains had

I suddenly realized thatheart pounding, and my head dizzy, in which to carry a faith and God. been. Now

and every fiber in my body aching To me he gave a heart, and I am up here things were in their true proand crying for me to turn back; but glad it is so. In my soul I feel comportion. The lake and the mounin my mind were the words of the passion for you."tains were great and mighty, and the

glacier and the mountain of rock, and And the glacier and the mountain towns and steel plant were small and those words were magnets to my of rock were silent for a long time insignificant.

rebellious body. Against its will it and only looked at me with sorrow in Then I knew why the glacier and

was being pulled to the top of the their eyes. the mountain of rock had sorrowed.

glacier. Again I turned, this time to seek my They felt sorry for me with my

As I reached the top, I turned and reward. And there it was in front great weakness to think that because

in which to carrysaw the wall of ice I had climbed, of me—a valley as wide and long as man had a heart

and I marveled at what I had done. the eye could see, where little silver a faith and God it made him stronger

Then I turned to the glacier and the roofs were clustered together making than anything else.

mountain of rock, and I shouted, "See, towns. At one end of the valley was And suddenly I was very humble,

I have conquered you, for I was Provo, and at the other end of the for I had felt the power of his hands strong! I am made of only flesh, valley was my city. On the edge and seen the beauty of his works

but within me I have a heart and of the huge lake which spread from and I had been given a great reward within that heart is a faith and bethe middle of that valley to the mounfor being weak and conquering the side that faith is God; but you are a tains and from one to the other stood glacier and the mountain of rock.

OCTOBER 1953 757 "And Then, Along Comes a New Generation"

by Adam S. Bcnnion

0 the Council of the Twelve

years ago, by legislative enactslang, new dance steps—but after character. And the schools aloneTwoment, the state of Utah called the first shock is over, when we really cannot do that job.

into being a sixtyman commisget to understand them, we find them Therein lies the challenge to the sion made up of representative citilargely like their predecessors. HuChurch.

zens of the state to examine the work man nature doesn't change much."I recall those lines:

of the public elementary and secondWhen this teacher was pressed for ary schools in an effort to ascertain his observations growing out of his LOST—A BOY

or schools these not werewhether thirtysix years of experience, he ofbandits and kidnaped by "Not of product theturning out kind we fered these three very significant in a cave to hidden and starve weep look for in a democracy. The asgeneralizations: and rouse a nation to frenzied searchto fascinatingsignment be a proved "1. into fooled be Don't thinking ing. case the a thousand Were that

It's citizens for a thingone. good

this that if generation new rise to rescue the need is made up would men to atoccasionally take a look of their wholly wild people. of young losing the There be. Unfortunately,

in some whichschools—institutions the are is of hoodlums course, them, exciteamong lad dramatic without any

isreally being done. excellent work

bit a they get of and real. good play very sad though and very in ment

to catchIt is stimulating glimpse a it is press, of the is but lost observation fact his father him. my "The

the next generation and to know that fewer than ten percent give rise Being too busy to sit with him at the that they are a part of the thirtytwo to all this unfortunate notoriety. The fireside and answer his trivial quesmillion young people now being great run of these young people are tions during the years when the

trained for their place in the America fine, wholesome, vigorous, trustfathers are the only great heroes of thisof of future tomorrow. The youngsters. worthy the boys, he let go his hold upon

trainthecountry with up is bound of the major sources of him. "2. One in the to these children givening

home and in the church and in the difficulty with these young people is "Yes, his mother lost him. Being

that some of them have parents who, much engrossed in her teas, dinners,school.

having suffered hardship in their own and club programs, she let the maid

In this study we met many outyouth, have resolved that their chilhear the boy say his prayers, and standing teachers, one of whom I shall dren will not have to work as they thus her grip slipped, and the boy always remember. He had been a once did, and so these children are was lost to his home.

highyears—hadschoolchosenteacherto remainfor thirtysixin the dulgence.encouragedThesein a arelife theof studentsease andwhoinso "Aye,much theoccupiedchurch withlost him.sermonsBeingfor

high school field because, as he said, give us real difficulty. the wise and elderly who pay the

"In adolescence these young people "3. Some parents pride themselves bills and having good care for dignity,

seem to be 'trying on life.'They that they want their children to make the minister was unmindful of the

are neither docile nor absorbed in up their own minds in matters of human feelings of the boy in the pew routine. They are reaching out into and made no provision in sermon or religion, free from any imposition ofthe young manhood and womanhood song or manly sport for his boyishness.

parental patterns. say they They theirs willthat tomorrow."be He so the church sadAnd and many

to leave their want children free unyears four that outpointed each hearted parents are looking now til they to become eighteen make up is a inthere generation high new for earnestly the lost boy."

their minds, failing to realize own livedschool; that through he had great The obopportunity—aye, that in a such process the children said turnovers.nine such he Then

is the out to reach Church ligation—of already may have the decision made thing, fascinatinga thoroughly "We attract of the and to youth today in favor of irreligion. vital so In ajust to fully get acquainted with seem inspire to them become Godfearing matter there can be suspension no of these group challengingone young and men of tomorrow. women of basic decision through eighteen their to get ways, know You that remember stimulatingpeople—get

used of to their moods and uncertainties, years."booklet John Fiske, The Meaning

then, comes, a alongand study, continued new generaour As we we Infancy? Of Let me quote the opention. youngsters to These appreciate come more in with came and more ing paragraph:

what appears to be a new approach the great significance of building boys new hairdos, new costumes, new and girls into men and women of Broadcasting*From an System,address Junedelivered14, 1953.over the Columbia

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What is the meaning of infancy? why this should be so? I think it can Blessed is the youngster who is kept

What is the meaning of the fact that be shown, with very few words, that purposefully occupied with activities man is born into the world more helpbetween these two facts there is a such as the following:

less than any other creature, and connection that is deeply inwrought Household and farmyard chores;

needs for a much longer season than with the processes by which life has athletic games; paper routes; typeany other living thing the tender been evolved upon the earth. It writing and shorthand; scouting;

care and wise counsel of his elders? can be shown that man's progressivemusic—I have seen the whole moral

It is one of the most familiar of facts ness and the length of his infancy are tone of a community revolutionized that man, alone, among animals, but two sides of one and the same by an outstanding band leader who exhibits a capacity for progress. That fact;... It is babyhood that has built a prizewinning band of 125

neverman is widely different from other made man what he is."youngsters—youngsters who

animals in the length of his adoWhat kind of program can the again roamed the streets.

lescence and the utter helplessness Church and the home follow best to Worthy participation in worthy of his babyhood is an equally familiar safeguard and direct the youth of places. There is a great challenge

fact. Now between these two comthe land? to youth in the query:

monplace facts is there any conMay I offer these five homely sug- "What do you do when you don't nection? Is it a mere accident that gestions: have to do it?"

the creature which is distinguished as progressive should also be dis- 1. Keep them busy. 2. Give them a pride in their body.

tinguished as coming slowly to maAs someone has said, "Children are I wish that every boy in America turity, or is there a reason lying born going."With their boundless could have visited with me some

deep down in the nature of things energy they will be doing something. (Continued on page 794)

"In adolescence these young people seem to be 'trying on life.'

—Eva Luoma Photo

OCTOBER 1953 759 Not Just for Time

by Lorraine R. Manderscheid

TWO YOUNG PEOPLE FIND AN ANSWER

TO THEIR PROBLEM BY HAVING THE

COURAGE TO SEEK COUNSEL

Jeanette's voice was rough with or never!"Jeanette's face was set

tears she was too proud to shed. and stubborn, but she couldn't hide

"I don't see why you ever asked the trembling of her hands.

me in the first place if you didn't "Don't say that, darling. Would

intend to go through with it."you really be happy with a home

Neil reached for her hand, but she wedding? Do you want to hear those

jerked away impatiently. "Jeanette,"words 'Until death do you part'refer

he said, "listen to me. Not just with to us? Jeanette, I just don't go for

your ears; listen with your heart. I makeshifts. I like real, sterling things

do love you. I want you to be my—like you—and like marriage for

wife. But my furlough would be eternity. Sweetheart, look at me!"

over before we could possibly get to Reluctantly she turned and looked the temple and back. Wouldn't you into brown eyes filled with an aching

rather wait a few months and be tenderness, and it swept over her in married the right way?"an instant that he really loved her.

"A few months! How do you Her voice came softly then, "I know,

know it won't be years? Or forNeil. That's what we've always

ever? Neil Ernstrom, if you want me planned, but this is your last leave

to marry you, it will have to be now before you go overseas. You may

never—Oh, Neil, I love you so

much. If I can't have a temple wedding now, then I'll take next best.

I'd be satisfied just to know that I belong to you. I want to write you

letters that begin 'My dear, dear husband.'"

"I know, darling; I feel the same

things only more. But can't you

understand, Jeanette? I just wouldn't

feel right. I want to know that our

marriage is sanctified and holy.

Sweetheart, I'll come back to you.

The waiting won't be long."

When he said "the waiting,"there rose in Jeanette's thoughts the stretching loneliness of the months she had already waited for him. "Waiting"

seemed to her then the most intolerable word she had ever heard.

Swift rebellion brought her to her feet. "I'm not going to beg you any

Bishop Jones... his silver white hair shining above his youngish face, listened longer. After all, I do have some

intently to Jeanette's fervent words. pride. You'd better go now, Neil,

because I won't wait."

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The boy in uniform sat stunned "A number of years ago, before "'What is it, Dear? You know

as she turned to leave him, but on a the Arizona Temple was built, there I'll get it for you if I possibly can.'

sudden thought, he jumped to his was a young couple in Arizona who "'Hiram! Oh, how could you forfeet. "Jeanette! Wait! Let's go talk had a problem a little like yours. get? I want to go to the temple to

to Bishop Jones. We'll each tell him The young man (we'll call him have our marriage sealed, so my

our ideas and ask him to advise us."Hiram) was a farmer. The savings baby can be born under the coveHer steps hesitated, and then she he had would pay for their trip to nant. I never will feel that our marturned back with a breath of relief. the Salt Lake Temple to be married, riage really has the approval of our

"Oh, yes, Neil! I'm sure the bishop or, if they didn't go to the temple, heavenly Father until we go to the

can convince you that I'm right."they'd have just enough to build a temple.'

Bishop Jones stood tall in the small house. The girl (shall we call "Hiram stood thinking over what

lighted doorway, his silver white hair her Elvira?) wanted very much to be she had said. It seemed to him

shining above his youngish face. A married in the temple, but her young Elvira wasn't being practical. After

warm handclasp and the twinkle in man convinced her that they'd go as all it was more important that they his deepset blue eyes assured them soon as the first crop was harvested. have seed for the crop so that they

of welcome. Come in! Come in and They were married,by their bishop could at least survive. And what

sit down. You nice kids have someand began 'at once on their little about their soonto-beborn baby?

thing on your minds?"house. The walls went up and the It would be a long hard trip over

if roads. roof rough on, she should their but was didn't What money they had come told Neil him why

sick get stretch the far that on It wasn't way? enough for windows and be that Jeanette suggested thenand

... didn't to go, doors. he want but comforted Hiram his young ideas.first to her explain "'let's wife, 'Elvira,'said, until 'Don't that, wait he Dear. mind We'll

Bishop Jones listened intently to put them right in when we harvest next year. Our financial situation

Jeanette's fervent words as the tears the crop.'will be more secure. And we wouldn't

she had strained before to control fell "When the money for their year's be risking your life and the baby's if now unnoticed. work came in, Hiram was full of we wait till then.'

"After all,"she finished, "it isn't happy plans. They'd have enough "'Oh, please don't say wait! I've

as if we can't be sealed in the temple for the windows and doors, a little waited already till every day seems later on when Neil comes back from furniture, and seed for the next year's like a year. I'm not afraid. Surely

overseas. We have our whole life crop. 'At last, sweetheart, you can our Father in heaven will help us.

to do that in."Content with her take down that makeshift, and we'll (Continued on page 778)

logic, Jeanette sank back on the have real doors in our house. We'll

couch. get a comfortable bed for you, too.

The bishop sat gazing thoughtNo more restless nights on that lumpy fully at the toe of his shoe. Then he straw tick.'

turned to Neil. "My boy, let's hear "A little disturbed to see no rewhat you have to say."sponse in his wife's face, he said,

Neil told of having witnessed a 'Elvira, what's the matter?'

temple marriage just before leaving "'Hiram,'she replied quietly, for his mission. "Bishop, I don't 'there's something I want far more

need to tell you because you already than those things.'

know. Somehow it seemed to me as

if the heavenly Father himself could have been watching there beside the couple, smiling his approval. It was

the most beautiful, sacred moment

I've ever known. It seemed like every

sound in the world, even the heavens, were hushed, listening to that simple, sweet ceremony. I've always hoped

my marriage could begin like that.

To me, there is only* one right way, the Lord's way. Anything less is

only legal, not holy. Besides I want

to be sure my children will be born under the covenant."

The bishop sat with his head in his hands for so long after Neil finished that the young couple began to wonder if he intended to speak at all. At last he said, "I realize you

want me to tell you which of you is right. Instead, let me tell you a

story. Maybe it will help you with

your decision.

OCTOBER 1953 761 Thethe answerssong Trueto tothosethe questionsFaith werein given very emphatically yesterday in the panel that was held here, and if we were really to answer the questions, possibly borrowing the words of one of those who spoke in the panel yesterday, we might say, "Shall the youth of Zion falter?"and give the

answer, "Not unless the leaders 'peter'out on us."

I have often told stake presidents as I have visited stake conferences that if they wanted to they could have the best stake in the Church.

I have often told bishops that they could have the best ward in the

Church if they wanted to. The big

thing was in wanting sufficiently to put forth the necessary effort to do the job.

I remember one stake that ranked very low in many activities. The

brethren, after a visit from one of the

Authorities, who pointed out to them their situation as compared with other stakes, decided to do something about it, and they really got down and used some perspiration and inspiration.

They got results, and now their stake is one of the banner stakes in the whole Church.

In another stake the work was particularly low in the Aaronic Priesthood activities. There were no

standard quorum awards in those days in that stake, and very, very

Group of Seminary graduates on stairway at Bonneville Stake Center. few individual awards. The brethren decided to do something about it,

and they wanted sufficiently to put forth enough effort so that now about 6 99* seventyfiveget individualpercentawards,of andall theup untilboys were awards the time the quorum in the Planning Makes It Happen every discontinued, quorum stake received the standard quorum award. It was all because they

by Mark E. Petersen wanted to.

I would like to read something

OF the Council of the Twelve along that line from President

Dwight D. Eisenhower. President

Eisenhower, you remember, is one of "Shall the youth of Zion falter our great supporters of enthusiasm in

In defending truth and right? religion, and President Eisenhower at

one time was talking to a group of

While the enemy assaileth, chaplains and others who were workShall we shrink or shun the fight?... ing in this cause, and Eisenhower

While we know the powers of darkness (I will summarize it because the quote is too long) said that the prinSeek to thwart the work of God, ciple objection he has to the chaplains

Shall the children of the promise in the United States Army is that they

Cease to grasp the "iron rod'?"are not enthusiastic enough about

*Adapted from an address at M.I.A. Conference,

Saturday morning, June 13, 1953, in the Salt Lake

Tabernacle.

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA their work. They are not pushing

the work enough. There is less religion in the army than there might

be, so he told us, and the reason was that the chaplains were not on the job as they might be.

I take that back to us in the M.I. A. and every other phase of the

Church work. We must have the attitude; we must have the determination and the desire to succeed. I will

read you this little bit, coming from the governor of the state of Washington.

"I have a son, and right now he is very much in love. I am extremely

happy because he is in love with a wonderful girl, but he is out in the

Pacific right now on a Coast Guard ship, and he cannot communicate from the boat. His girl had a birthday recently, and of course a man in

love to get a message to his wants "the whole plan of that should remember teachers in the Church Officers and girl her birthday. on masse."save people en matter. individual salvation is an We do not

"Well, that ship travels on an arc over which the planes of the Northwest Airlines fly, and this young seaanxiously engaged in a good work. I charge yesterday so beautifully in

man of mine found a way to get would like you to look up your the general session that was held into his captain's cabin and comdictionary definition of that word here. You must look at your activimunicate with one of those planes, anxiously, and think of it in terms ties as steps toward salvation. These

and the pilot carried the birthday of that boy out on the Coast Guard activities must involve persons as message and delivered it in time to ship, who was so anxious to get that individuals and not as groups. If

the girl."message home to his girl, and see you are in scouting, you must use

So, even a boy at sea, with no way, if you can apply some of that kind scouting as a means of converting he thought, of communicating with of enthusiasm to your work in the boys to want to be good Latterday

M.I.A. Saints. his girl—a boy at sea who wanted enough to get that communication 4. Decide that our work is an inIf you are in M Men work, you

or a means a program use it as must each person labor with who it through, and he was dividual through—got to be those of converting young men I repeat, M.I.A. our work comes to his courtship able to pursue with

the assistance of these men who were is an individual labor, not a mass probetter Latterday Saints. If you are

flying these planes. duction enterprise. Our Church has in Bee Hive work, you must use

I would like to give a few suggesgrown to a million and a quarter that program as a means of convertions. I will make them short. members, but in spite of its size, our sion. It should not be based on a

1. I would like to recommend that work must be as much an individual mass proposition but should be for

you executives accept the program as labor as if we had but the original six each individual girl.

it is and that you decide in your who organized the Church in the first It is the same with the Gleaners minds that the program will work place. The whole plan of salvation and with the other departments. But

and that it will do a job for you. is based on individual labor. We you must not suppose that in even

2. I would recommend that you baptize people one at a time. We doing that you can do so on a mass

put that program into operation and confirm them members of the Church basis. You must see that the indidon't just leave it on the family bookone at a time. We ordain them to vidual heart of each of these people

case. Put it into operation as it is the priesthood one at a time. We is touched. You check on the pergiven to you by the general board. Do give them their endowments one at sonal, individual participation of each

not take some parts and reject others. a time. The whole plan of salvation class member.

Do not take liberties with the protherefore is an individual matter. We Just because a boy or a girl sits

gram. Accept it as the formula of do not save people en masse. We do and is quiet in your class does not

success and use it with a determinanot have mass baptisms, nor mass mean that your lesson is sinking into tion that you will make it succeed confirmations, nor mass ordinations his or her heart. Do you take it for

in your stake. to the priesthood, nor mass endowgranted that the boys and girls in

3. Get enthusiastic about your job. ments, nor mass marriages. It is all your classes are absorbing what you

Bubble over with it, eat it, live it, individual and personal. That is the give? You cannot take anything for

work at it, breathe it, but don't go way we must do our M.I.A. work. 'granted. Find out the facts. Make

to sleep on it. The Lord expects us Now you as M.I.A. people are as personal, individual contacts. Give

to be enthusiastic about our Church much committed to the salvation of individual help. Remember the

work. He commands that we be souls as anyone. You were given that (Concluded on page 770)

OCTOBER 1953 763 "Abide ye in

wherewith by Rita J. Nash

CHAIRMAN, JUNIOR GLEANER COMMITTEE, Y.W.M.I.A.

GENERAL BOARD

wise young Latterday Saint teacher, standing recently before a class of alert young people,A asked: "Why does the Lord give commandments?"

The answer was immediately forthcoming: "For the good of the people."

And others enthusiastically elaborated: "Because he loves us"; "To

teach us obedience"; to guide our

everyday living....

Each week in M.I.A. these same

young people—and thousands more

are repeating aloud one of the

Lord's most important commandments—H. Armstrong Roberts photo

to the people of these latter days given for our good—because he loves wished to force all people to be good. was oppression and persecution for

us—to guide our everyday living. It Jesus insisted that we should have those who dared think life had a

is a forceful, stronglyworded comthe freedom to choose our own course purpose other than to serve Tiberius mandment, and it is found in the 88th in life. And then, during his earthly Caesar. And then, suddenly, there

section of the Doctrine and Coveministry, he taught us that, of all the was a light in the world, and a man nants, verse 86. factors that deprive us of liberty, sin from Galilee proclaiming that men

Abide ye in the liberty wherewith ye are is the most vicious. should walk in freedom. And so Paul

made free; entangle not yourselves in sin, He impressed this lesson, one day, spoke these words to his brethren, the

but let your hands be clean, until the Lord on the Jews with whom he was talkGalatians:

comes. ing in the temple.

Stand fast therefore in the liberty whereThis is the M.I.A. theme for 1953Then said Jesus to those Jews which bewith Christ hath made us free, and be not

lieved him, on It 54. not only be repeated should

are ye myIf disciplesye continueindeed;in my word, entangled(Galatians again5:1.) with the yoke of bondage. but then as at Mutual, aloud, it is weekly

And ye shall know the truth, and the also it should be understood—and truth shall make you free. Paul reiterated this message of

obeyed. They answered him, We be Abraham's freedom in his epistle to the Romans:

seed, and were never in bonadge to any This admonition—this commandment to "abide ye in the liberty man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ

of the law free from hath Jesus made me not free? ye wherewith are made free"—is Verily, verily, them, answered Jesus I say sin death. and given, also, world. It was new to the sin is you, the unto committeth Whosoever is carnally to death; but -minded be For

to the formerday saints, for it was servant of sin. to be spiritually minded is life and peace.

Christ himself who brought this wonAnd the servant abideth not in the house (Romans 8:2, 6.)

ever. for ever: the but Son abideth liberty earth. derful His to the new

If shall therefore the make Son you free, And in writing to the Corinthians, that gospel is the provides power free shall 8:3136.) indeed. be ye (John

said: liberty for us—his gospel makes us Paul

free. Indeed, in the preexistent Afterwards, Paul of Tarsus took

is Spirit: that where and

is, is liberty. there world, it was Christ who assured up this important teaching. He knew theNowSpiritthe ofLordthe Lord

libertyagency—asfor mankindopposed byto givingLuciferus whofree plesomethingof thatof day.the bondageEverywhereof the therepeo- (II Corinthians 3:17.)(Continued on page 792)

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

pgp&

It's game time, time to tune Dean Bennett for the BYU kickoff game at 8 p.m. Saturday, September 19th,

when they meet Montana U!

Follow the Cougars 7 '53 season with Dean Bennett again handling on the spot, playby-play reports.

SCHEDULE

Sept. 19 Montana University Home 8:00 p.m

Sept. 26 San Jose State Home 8:00 p.m

Oct. 3 New Mexico U. Away 8:00 p.m

Oct. 10 U. of Idaho Away 8:00 p.m

Oct. 16 Utah State College Home 8:00 p.m

Oct. 23 Denver University Away 8:00 p.m

Oct. 31 Wyoming University Away 1:30 p.m

Nov. 7 Colorado A & M Home 1:30 p.m

Nov. 14 Arizona State Home 8:00 p.m

Nov. 26 University of Utah Away 1:30 p.m

OCTOBER 1953 765

HOT, DELICIOUS WEIGH YOUR WORDS

by Ezra J. Poulsen

and speak as if we couldn't see any

Because a vast army of young good in anyone else."

speakers occupy the pulpits of The experience of a young air

Latterday Saint chapels concorps officer might be a case in point.

stantly, it is important for them to As a prisoner of the Germans, trudg-...A QUICK COOKING spokenrealize theword.farreachingOften, unintentionaleffects of the heing wasthroughparticularlyJanuaryimpressedsnow forbydays,the

of the Methodist chaplain, BREAKFAST TREAT flippancies or inept statements give heroism offense, defeating the very purpose of who went up and down the ranks the effort. of freezing, starving men, encouraging

Recently one of the speakers for them with words of faith and devoour evening meeting prefaced an tion and helping in every way he otherwise good sermon by humorous could. He walked, in going back

remarks which held up the members and forth, several miles to every mile of a certain race to ridicule. The audithe company moved forward yet

ence responded with laughter, and never gave way to his own weariness.

the effort seemed well repaid. UnThese new experiences, these new

fortunately, there were members of contacts should improve our underthat race in the audience. standing of human brotherhood,

A story about a preacher, on andeepeneverywhere,our andrespectserveforas gooda stimulusmen other occasion, helped to enliven the sermon, yet it would have been an to help us teach the gospel with a friendly of appeal. type Our offense to any Protestant who might broad,

will therefore, sermons, have little have been in attendance.

use for anecdotes or illustrations with

Carnation Instant Wheat These are not isolated cases. They biting or depreciatory connotations

Gives Lasting Nourishment! happen frequently as witness the retoward anyone. The speaker might

in one of a young marks woman this I relate of well ask himself, "Can there's for a no substituteYOU KNOW "I'm the our stakes on West Coast, incident, or use this anycomment once breakfast hot cereal... andgood

you try it, you'll agree that new Carnaafraid to invite any of my nonMor- where, or be embarrassed if I know istion you're Instant the one with to meeting attend friends Wheat mon in are certain people the audience?"forlooking insulted will be by fear they me for this principle only does apply Not dish this delicious breakfast goes For remark. of them unwise some Many to of relations those sustaining longa your towards our not with way

interested really very are That's longfamily during much busy days! faith, to in our but also our own membody-building breakfastbecause a religion, I don't want them and of our bership. a missionreturned Many gives InstantCarnation your Wheat

family all the muchneeded wholewheat to be disappointed."ary has deeply offended members in

values of thiamine, niacin, phosphorus, welledu- occasion, a his On another thoughtless audience remarks byand iron.

acSaint cated young Latterday or people, concerning the or customs,

BEST OF matter busy how ALL—no you companied a Protestant girl to her financial status of those whom he fix it can in a jiffy.are, you CarnaT New

prehave she church, is would thoughtion Instant partially preWheat labors has in the countrv met in his cooked time."... cooks in "no his, debecause, to he attend ferred or district they came.J from which

NEED either, youngsters, to coaxNO when afraid "I fended, was a she might be Supposedly, cosmopolitan we are there'sthey of bowl a brimming know speaking."the offended by be, drawing as we people; we shouldhot, delicious Instant Carnation Wheat

waiting on the table. So why not make The illustrations do not defend the do, our membership from many nathis wonderful love They but merely attitudes mentioned change—soon call tions culture. patterns and of human flavorthat grand of this genuine! Northof careless to the effect attention writer observed This that a devotedwest Wheat.

speaking and suggest the value of brother from a foreign country bowed ease and graciousness in preaching his head and almost shed tears at the gospel, as well as the need for a thoughtless but cutting remark utrespecting the feelings of those whom tered unthinkingly from the pulpit.

we hope will be converted. Another example is that of a woman

Thousands of our servicemen have who never attends meeting when the attended religious rites conducted by speaker is a certain elder recently the chaplains of other faiths, and in back from the mission field where numerous cases have been impressed she used to live, for fear his remarks with the sincerity of these men. That will be derogatory to her native home,

their lives have been made better toward which she is very loyal. Unby these contacts, they have freely fortunately, she has had many such

admitted. Not a few of these boys unpleasant experiences.

have expressed disappointment in We may happily improve our

Same famous family as Carnation Milk things they've heard since returning. speaking before religious gatherings

"We are too quick,"they say, "to act {Concluded on page 768) 766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Greatest Gasoline Development in 31 Years

GasolineNew Conoco Super with"OW

Boosts power as much as 15%!

Increases sparkplug life up to 150%!

Gives you extra gas mileage, too! Combustion deposits form here, causing

misfiring and loss of power. TCP neutralizes

Here's the most revolutionary advance in motor fuels since these deposits, giving top power and performance.

the introduction of tetraethyl lead in 1922—new Conoco

Super Gasoline with TCP, brought to you by special arrangement with Shell Oil Company. TCP is Shell's trademark for

the remarkable additive originally developed for aviation fuels. How TCP works

Now you can actually enjoy the benefits of an engine TCP is a special chemical additive which is added to Conoco tuneup—just by changing to new Conoco Super Gasoline. Super Gasoline. It was specifically developed to overcome

Chances are, by the time you've finished your second tankthe loss of power and fuel caused by combustion deposits.

ful, you'll feel the increase in power. And you'll keep that TCP neutralizes harmful deposits on spark plugs—your plugs

extra power just as long as you use Conoco Super. spark as they should. It prevents deposits in the combustion

For Conoco Super with TCP is a new kind of gasoline. It chambers from causing preignition-"wi!d ping"is controlled.

overcomes the greatest single cause of power loss affecting Thus, every time you fill up with new Conoco Super, it's like most of the cars on the road today. Now, you can enjoy all getting your spark plugs cleaned and your engine tunedup.

the power that was built into your car.

TCP helps your car, whether new or old

Why you need If you are driving a new car, with a highcompression engine,

Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP you need Conoco Super Gasoline to keep your car delivering

In the average automobile, the byproducts of fuel combusall the power that was built into it. It will actually increase

tion constantly build up deposits on spark plugs and in sparkplug life up to 150%. If you drive an older car, with

combustion chambers. These deposits can "cheat"you of tens of thousands of miles on the speedometer, Conoco Super

power in two ways. First, they actually shortcircuit your can restore much of the "new car"performance and power

spark plugs. This causes misfiring. Second, deposits in the you've been missing.

combustion chamber get red hot and cause the fuel to ignite Yes, a great new era in motoring is here for you. Drive into

before it should. This is called preignition or "wild ping."your Conoco station today and fill your tank with new

The effect of fouled spark plugs and preignition is a loss in Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP. You'll feel the difference by

power and a waste of gasoline. the second tankful!

# Patent applied for by Shell Oil Company

Now—at your Conoco dealer! CONOCO

1953, Continental Oil CompanyNEW CONOCO Super 767OCTOBER 1953 GASOLINEY Weigh Your Words should,ing afterthoughts,without anydestructivedangerous,oflurkour {Concluded from page 766) purpose? (2) Does it promote goodwith a little thought and study. A will, free from class, sectional, racial,

few points are worth keeping in or national bitterness? (3) Is it

mind. (1) Is the thought we want spiritual? That is, does it clarify or

to say clear? That is, does it clearly make more appealing a principle of

express what is our intention that it the gospel?

KScofiM

tic Bible Jke io/uedtion of Lo mpendauonlF A best seller Richard L. Evans

for more than Cince Emerson wrote his essay on compensation, it has been forty years! a generationdifficult tothatsaymayanythinghave forgotten,new on theand subject.for a generationBut for

that may not yet have become acquainted with it, perhaps some sentences could well be recalled, among them, these:

"The world looks like... a mathematical equation, which,

turn it how you will, balances itself"... "A certain compensation balances every gift and every defect"... "Things

refuse to be mismanaged long"... "There is always some

leveling circumstance"... "You cannot do wrong without

suffering wrong"... "If you tax too high, the revenue will

yield nothing"... "In labor as in life there can be no

cheating. The thief steals from himself. The swindler

swindles himself."... "Do the thing, and you shall have

the power: but they who do not the thing have not the

power"... "Men suffer all their life long, under the foolish

superstition that they can be cheated. But it is... impossible for a man to be cheated by anyone but himself."1

So much for Emerson and his essay. But this one thought

further we should like to leave: There are some in the world

who are willing, some less willing, some unwilling—to work,

to serve, to give of themselves. And one of the lessons we

Add to the beloved King James Version earnestly need to remember is that life does not give its

Scofield the notes the scholarship of choicest blessings and satisfactions to those who deliberately that millions Bible and of you have a readers prize above all others. This withhold helpfulness and usefulness. It is true that a willing

Bible provides help exactly where person sometimes seems to be imposed upon, but for every needed: the notes appear on the same useful part he performs, he is somehow richly rewarded.

page in with difficult passages the text. Aside from all else, he feels good inside himself; while a Features include: dictionary Scripof

ture proper names, chronology, index, niggardly, unwilling nature, which gives only grudgingly, colored maps. is grudgingly rewarded. No doubt there will be some

cynicism concerning this subject. And it would be difficult

Available in three sizes: to prove to the satisfaction of the cynical just how, prePocket, Handy, and Large cisely, a person would be paid for a service, for an effort,

for an activity for which he wasn't precisely paid. We cannot

Thirtyone different styles always tell the cynical precisely how nature will reward or how the Lord God will return good for good; but as surely of Scofield Bibles—as we live, he who withholds his hand from service, he who

is his and two New Testaments isn't going to do one stroke more than what he feels socalled fair share, is going to miss more than he can calcuPriced from $3.25 to $35.00 late. As surely as we live, he who shirks will shrivel inside himself, and he who hides his light loses light. "Every

Your local bookseller will gladly virtue is rewarded, every wrong redressed, in silence and show you a complete selection. certainty."1

Emerson. Oxford university press Compensation,

NEW YORK 11 Una Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Copyright, 1953 Since 1oJ5 >5>C><i>C>C>0& SYSTEM, JULY 26, 1953 768 IMPROVEMENT 3RA *,00>"-

even nearly three times yard and you your back and Utah's may not find IG into—

is figuratively a half speaking, copper is population 750,000Da trace of copper. But and as many—moreas inthan1920onein every Utah back yard—because the benefits of times larger than at the start of the "Roaring

Utah Copper payrolls, tax payments and supply purTwenties."

chases reach out to help create better living throughout

Utah. It is part of a working partnership that helps Utah Copper's growth has helped more and more

our State to grow and develop. of our young people find jobs here at home. Greater

use of natural resources, increased manufacturing,

A glance at recent history shows how true this is. expanded service industries, higher food production

In 1920, when Utah Copper was a husky teenager are all partners in Utah's growth. All help provide

celebrating its 16th birthday, there were 1950 emmore jobs and better living for us all.

ployees at Utah Copper and our State had a population

In a sense there is copper, coal, steel, a manufacof 449,000.

turing plant, and a ranch in your own back yard.

Today there are 5600 employees at Utah Copper—We're all partners in helping our State to grow.

Kennecott Copper Corporation

A Good Neigfobor Helping to Build a Better Utah

OCTOBER 1953 769 "Planning Makes it Happen"

(Concluded from page 763) The Pulse of Utah's story of the ninety and nine. The

Rural Community Life—Saviormust dogavelikewise.individual help. You

Is it too much trouble? Is it too

much trouble for a missionary in the THE UTAH FARMER field to give individual help to an investigator? You heard yesterday

24 big, exciting issues a year, that M.I.A. is a missionary organization and that each one of us is a

Only $1.50; 3 years, $3.50 missionary. Then we must be missionaries in very deed and give indiRead the family section: Better planning in the vidual help to each one in each

theof patterns in cooking, variety home home, new class, taking enough interest in each styles, chatty Marty Wood- "Edith and Dee"popular in her "Escalante Days."one to insure his or her conversion

to the restored gospel of Christ. You

may complain that there are too classes. This is not many in your

girls: A section especially devoted to Utah and boys About

true. of ordinarily the Regardless

is of every issue. a part youth

great Church growth, we can still give individual help. It is the policy

Bryant S. Hinckley, beloved Utah writer on philosophy, has a moral lesson in every of the Church to divide wards to keep

is fatal personal to future the past or the dwell too much on either issue. "... To most them from getting too large; to divide the that is ours make today and in the thought we should It centers attractiveness.

of it... "A sample of Mr. Hinckley's writing. stakes and missions for the same reason, and we divide classes for the

same reason. We keep our units

worth Building a pasture gardening: Better farming and $740 small for the very purpose of pro-

... treated poles fruit trees can kill water... too much an acre

reduce building costs... know your weeds... overmedicined viding opportunity for individual

chickens low on resistance... these are typical topics in The Utah help.

Farmer. Every article has ideas you can use.

5. Hold up the standards of your

work. Don't be like one merit badge

The Lazy Farmer: "Despite my years of married life, I still don't examiner I knew about who was

understand my wife..."A folksy doggerel that will always bring testing Boy Scouts, who thought

a chuckle. he was doing a kindness to the boys

by letting them slip by without really complying with the requirements.

serial, Fiction: A new "Moonfleet,"in current issues of The Utah You are giving awards also to girls. keep you spellbound. Farmer, will

Are any of you letting the girls just slip by so that they can go with their age group? It is no kindness to a

boy or a girl to get something they did not earn. See to it that they earn

Always good reading what they get. Do not teach them

in Utah Farmer The dishonesty by ignoring the requireit... you'll enjoy

because it keeps you ments.

of and informed home other hand, give On the them life that makes farm credit for all they earn, do and unique. Utah

do not deprive them of their just

SEND FOR FREE COPY deserts by keeping poor records or by doing your own work in a hap- <TK* hazard sort of way.

THE UTAH FARMER be thou and of the best example an UtahESTABLISHED IN 1BBOFarmerSALT LAKE CITY UTAH Teach well. Set high standards, St. Richards 36 offer. to has the Church

Salt Lake City, Utah Utah's say.I wantEnterto findmy subscriptionout If your formagazinethe periodcan bechecked:as useful to me as you bersI haveof thehere Scoutone of magazine,the recent numBoy's

Exclusive Farm and I 1I SendyearmeJ1. 50a Free Copy, without obligation3 onyears-$3.50my part. Life.the topI oflikethethetwocaptionpages,clear"Planningacross

Livestock Nam e.! Makes It Happen."

Magazine Address.

"Shall the youth of Zion falter?"

Postoffice Not if the leaders do their jobs.

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Meet a man with 15 mouths to feed

Frank S. Corda farms 240 acres in California's Salinas Valley.

We know Mr. Corda well because Standard Oil Company of

California fuels the power that tills his land. By replacing

muscles with machines, as Mr. Corda has done, the average

U. S. farmer produces enough food for 15 people. One hundred years ago a good farmer produced enough to feed only

five people. Mechanized farming, powered by oil, has made

the difference.

Insect "bomber"demonstrates one way petroleum helps practical. Fuels and lubricants for farm machines, weed

make farms more productive and profitable. Airborne killers, roof coatings, stock dips, detergents, bottled gas

insecticides made by Standard's subsidiary, California for refrigeration, cooking and heating—they're all on the

SprayChemical Corporation, are so effective that they long list of items supplied to western farms by Standard.

save western farmers millions of dollars a year in crop And you, too, benefit from each new way Standard scilosses. Other petroleum products save time and labor.. entists increase the yield of farms... because you may

for example, a tractor can work 10 acres in the time a be one of the 15 people Mr. Corda feeds. Questions or

team of horses takes to plow two. We also had a hand in comments about our Company are always welcome. Write:

that, because Standard developed the first compounded Standard Oil Company of California, P. O. Box 3495-C,

lubricating oil that made highspeed diesels for tractors San Francisco, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

OCTOBER 1953 771 KonstanciA of LompenatlonTWO FINE Jhe

Richard L. Evans

"ITay we look again at this question of compensation: SomePRODUCTS times it may seem that rewards are long delayed.

Under One Sometimes it may seem that those who are selfish, that those who shirk, those who engage in sharp practice, those who Great Name follow forbidden ways, acquire an enviable living and live an enviable life. If it seems so, it is because we see only

one side—for what is acquired by means that cannot be

condoned, is not quite what it sometimes seems to be. To

put it another way: Suppose we assume that the undeserving

are sometimes successful. (To assume this would be to

assume a narrow definition of success.) But if we knew

enough, if we could see all sides (including inside), if we knew all the elements that go into the making of a man, that go into the making of his highest happiness; if we

could calculate the full effect of the things that coarsen him, the things that make a callous conscience; the things

that refine, that give understanding and appreciation and peace and settled purpose—if we knew all this we should

know that, aside from socalled ultimate reward, there is a constancy of compensation. There is compensation in the PAJP very makeup of a man. In the words of William James:

"Every smallest stroke of virtue or of vice leaves its never so ROOFING little scar."1 Every thought and act and utterance is being

counted among the molecules and nerve cells and fibres.

1 And abused conscience, for example, impairs the PABC0s<*t4 out.""Nothing we ever do is in strict scientific literalness wiped

acute capacity for appreciation. "Punishment"added Emerson, "is a fruit that unsuspected, ripens within the flower SIDING of the pleasure which concealed it.... Seed and fruit

cannot be severed; for the effect already blooms in the cause

... the fruit in the seed."... "What will you have? quoth

God; pay for it and take it... Thou shalt be paid exactly

for what thou hast done, no more, no less."... "The cheat,

the defaulter, the gambler cannot extort the benefit"...

"Everything has its price; and if that price is not paid, not

that thing but something else is obtained.... It is impossible

to get anything without its price."2 Perpetually and perennially, in ways that we are not always immediately aware

of, there is a reward received or a penalty paid for everything we do or fail to do. Aside from ultimate and eternal

considerations, there is compensation in the very makeup of man.

1William James, The Laws of Habits.

2Ralph Waldo Emerson, Compensation.

jL SpoLi WoJ FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 2, 1953 Copyright, 1953

TOO LATE THE YEAR

SEE YOUR NEAREST LUMBER DEALER - By Gilean Douglas

all of the night unheard the padding drifts the leaf across the errant And the of theMORRISONMERRILL & CO. Nowhead, crisp arbutus mind Upon

BUILDING is MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS spectrumswung a needle laughter And of trees darkness our blaze fells the As 3rd CITY, 205 NORTH SALT LAKE WEST UTAH of silence; all unsaid point the Upon

sight the year that clamored when words Are Boise, Idaho, Pocatello, Twin Falls, Reno. Nevada for blind. the shelter a rainbowed To build young. was

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '- 13 f AfadtJL Atfmw dLttldl c&Jlhr-W/Mm uU

You're right, Angel. Daddy IS particular... just like you

and Mommy! And because you all are fastidious about

your appearance, your clothes, your toiletries... you appreciate

TwinPly Chiffon Toilet Tissue... especially made for

special people. For added softness, greater purity and extra

absorbency, TwinPly Chiffon is multirinsed in pure

Cascade snowwater. Snowywhite, specialquality Chiffon

—featured at stores everywhere.

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1953

Ange/ pare 7Wr) PI3 'Tice, 4$ Nic& 6abj Soft

OCTOBER 1953 773 NEGATIVE vs. POSITIVE

(Concluded from page 755) situations, they resort to compensaThe closest approach of the Masmean, however, that what he does tory devices such as unreasonably ter to frightening his contemporaries must not appear prudish to his strict discipline, severe punishment, was found in the awe with which students. The acts of the Savior and nagging. In one of the six they looked upon the cause he repwere shockingly the other way. His studies "narrowmindedness"was resented, or, if nonbelievers, in his

was the quality of goodness diof such importance in the minds of ability to perform miracles. His

rected at providing the greatest the respondents as to be mentioned quality as a teacher was such that good for all mankind. It would more frequently than any other bad he did not find it necessary to resort

have been a rare sight to behold the trait. to the coercion so prevalent in the

awed expressions of the selfap- As the seventh negative trait, the personality of some teachers. He

pointed critics who were about to student raters indicated that their had the personal magnetism which stone the sinful woman. There was most disliked teachers "threatened inspired his followers to want to do

no evidence of narrowmindedness, and frightened students."Indigood. His talent lay in inducing

and the utter logic of his statement viduals in positions of authority men to want to do right based upon to the group was to them shamewithout the proper respect for the internal desire.

provoking. personal rights of subordinates can This discussion has not been an

exert a very pronounced unwholeattempt to compare the divine qualiThe sick, the feeble, even the some effect upon their inferiors. So ties of the Savior with those belonglepers were the friends of Jesus. it is with teaching. The student ing to us of this earthly sphere.

Yes, sinners as well found a friend who does his task grudgingly under Rather the attempt has been to bring in him who was wise enough to the coercion of his teacher has not into focus the unseeming contrast differentiate between the sin and the received the full benefit to be deof the flawless personality when sinner. His concepts were not prorived from having done a necessary superimposed upon the negative

vincial in any sense; they were as job voluntarily. Although few stupersonalities of those of this mortal

broad as the universe itself. dents complain directly about havrealm. In such light, the greatness

Disliked teachers follow a policy ing been threatened or frightened, of him after whom we would patfar removed from broad thinking. many of them make reference to tern our lives stands out in ever

In their inability to handle specific these traits by inference. bolder relief.

COMFORT? or STYLE?

enjoy both with Standard "Guaranteed Glasses"m*V

The skilled opticians at Standard r!% r Optical combine their opticallyper- r?

fect lenses with fashionapproved frames for fine eyewear that's com- J fortable to wear—stylish to look

at. You'll see better... look better... feel better all over... in

stylish, comfortable eyewear—from

Standard Optical.

NOTHING DOWN, $1 A WEEK Standard.

MODERN OFFICES THROUGHOUT THE WEST 774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Turning Wheels FREE GIFTS 753) from page (Continued But ya AND now. a thicketinto quite

kin see here where it started."

"You mean your grandmother's EARN under them roses?"queried the Sargent boy.

"Right here beside Grandpa,"Amos affirmed. "You might get that 3 Vi%

cane and measure out a mound for PER ANNUM her."The boy made the measurements, ON YOUR braving the briars manfully.

bit of a woman,"a little was '"She we'll give SAVINGS on, "but Foster wentMr.

her a fullsized mound. She sure

earned it."He patted the finishing

of earthdabs into place over his at the beautiful new offices of head.grandfather's

"Did anybody bring a knife?"he

asked. "Kerry did,"said the small boywith the spade. And the boy desigUTAH SAVINGS

nated as Kerry produced a jackNew Address Beginning knife from his pocket.

cut some wilcan me you "Kerry, to Monday October 5, 1953 Big ones. enough big lows...

history some carve up right."do this as well into. We might 65 North University Ave.

When the boy brought the wilPROVO, UTAH lows, Amos Foster selected the two thickest. On one he carved in rambling letters, "EZRA NEHEMIAH A GIFT WITH EVERY NEW FOSTER... he bilt the fort."On FREE SAVINGS ACCOUNT OPENED!

the other he carved, "MARY ELIZA For $50 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - Shaeffers FineLine

KERRY FOSTER... she kep it."Pen OR Pencil

Then he bent the willows carefully For $100 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - Shaeffers FineLine into half circles and pushed the ends Pen AND Pencil Set down into the newly mounded earth. For $850 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - General Electric

"They used to do this with wagon Steam Iron wheels,"Mr. Foster began... but For $1,500 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - Philco Table

the boy with the knife interrupted. Model Radio

"Your grandmother was a Kerry?"For $2,500 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT—General Electric

he asked after studying the simple Automatic ClockRadio monument. OFFER GOOD UNTIL NOVEMBER 15, 1953

"Mary Eliza Kerry."Limit One Gift to a Family

"My grandmother's name was Kerry, too; that's who they named More Than 3,000 Families Save Regularly at

me for. But I don't know what her

first name was. She was my UTAH SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

mother's mother."34 Years of Continuous Service

"Who was your mother?"Amos—Savings Accounts opened by the tenth of the month earn from the first of the month—

asked. "Her name was Emily Carlisle."UTAH SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION j

University Avenue North 65 grandmother's your name "Then Utah Provo, THIS to tease her USE used Sarah. was We or order for $..... check find money Enclosed COUPON father Kerry. call Sarry Her her account. savings and a to open with which

your to open that grandlittle brother the my wuz 1 is: gift desired The—Account Savings the Indians!"rescued from mother gift is in size classification shown above) (Note: Be sure

"Then we're kinfolks!"by Mail

"Sure we are."and get Name -

"How many people were buried FREE GIFT! Address—I

asked. Sargent boy here?"the City Zone State: jI page) on following (Continued

OCTOBER 1953 775 "Who were they? Did you know

Turning Wheels any of the rest of them?"asked the

(Continued from preceding page) boy eagerly. Your Church Amos felt the sharp, inner prick of

yes,"replied, "Oh, Amos "I knew of progress. exultation The boy CAN the of them. This little grave or some said people, not just skulls had

is my sister Mary. And this one AFFORD skeletons. He drew a folded paper here

is next to her little brother my his vest pocket. from yellowed It was A of died diphtheria He when folds. Johnny. very limp at the and brittle and

is Ann Amos spread it out over his grandhe wuz two. And next to his

mother, turning it carefully, placing She died when she wuz a baby.

the top of the paper to the north. "Jeepers!"exclaimed the boy with

ELECTRONIC "Aboutmap,"hetwentyanswered.two, accordin'to this brother."the spade. "Two sisters and a

N3V>>3v9s>s?s3V>2Sn5w ORGAN

(L*venj Jfour; I /ywdament—

Cavern Jrristant

Richard L. Evans

Cometimes judgment (in the sense of retribution and reward) is thought to be something rather remote—something to be ultimately arrived at but not necessarily now

something such as the "day of judgment"associated with heaven and the hereafter. But judgment doesn't wait (not

any more than compensation does) entirely for an eternal future. It is operative in many ways, whether we are aware

America's Finest of it or not. In some measure we judge ourselves every day—every hour, every instant. "A man cannot speak,"said

himself. With his will, or against ELECTRONIC ORGAN Emerson, "but he judges

No other organ offers his will, he draws his portrait to the eye of his companions1 so much... no other by every word. Every opinion reacts on him who utters it."

suitable organ is more judge and appraise and classify ourselves constantly by or* We large for church, small. Connsonata, the things we choose to do with our time, our means, our

America's Finest Elecmoney, by the people and places we prefer, by the selections tronic Organ, will add we make of all of life's activities and offerings. We are, in dignity and inspiration

to your service. fact, a living reflection of all that moves in our minds, of

Come in or Phone 9-7633 for demonevery thought and act and utterance—and intent. And what

stration at no obligation. we are essentially, inside ourselves, is in itself a judgment.

What we are, judges us as surely as water seeks a common auncs Music surface. Some things may seem to go undetected. But none

goes unrecorded or unjudged, whether we know it or not.

process Father, our God, do not by what while we know 1 *1 IT '1 T I 111 SOUTH 4547 MAIN And I Hi irrrrrTrrrrrrrnO I I M i 5afrateCffy will appraise punish, our ultimate reward and and Judge, BLVD.,06DEN 145 UNIVERSITY, WASHINGTON NORTH PROVOW'2260

we can well suppose that when the picture of our life is rerun, when thoughts and acts and utterances are brought

How To Read 77 Newspapers before us, and remembered, we shall sense what we deserve degree) inside ourselves (even in some and as we now do shall accuser. outside need no know now when IN 30 MINUTES! we We

there is a sincere warmth of approval within; we know

when there is an inner uneasiness, and when there is cold ourselves constantly and comfortless accusation. 1We judge

silence and certainty."The only place a man can If the news is important to—-"in

you or your organization; if find real peace is inside himself, and if that is what he wants,

stripped it unbiased, want you just he must live to deserve inner peace and approval. short, In if you wantof sensationalism...

the FACTS of what's happening in every field of human activity, you need FACTS ON FILE! Eight!Ralph Waldo Emerson, Compensation.

8V2"x 11"pages weekly containing over 100 hours of news reading boiled down to 2535 minutes

... only reduced like Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE FILE toFACTS OF wordsCOPY 10,000!ON 1,100,000CURRENTTHE

.. for 3c. yourself just for. yours Now—see why ft PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING callsauthor "valuable Gunther beyond John FOF

words". Send a 3c stamp for the current issue to SYSTEM, AUGUST 9, 1953

- Copyright, 1953 FACTS ON FILE DeV*l\New York5!,Vi?36, N. hY.YAve

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Yep,"said Amos, "and one of 'em can keep his cows out until we get usually his wont when referring howmight notta been Johnny. The night the wall up."ever affectionately to the favorite

he died we both had the diphtheria. "My father has a sand and gravel science teacher of the junior high,

They thought I wuz the sickest, so pit not far from here,"offered the who also doubled in the woodwork they got out the hot flannels and small boy with the spade. shop. "Let's get Mr. Brattlesborough

coal oil swab for me.""Stinky ought to help us out, too,"to help us carve out some good head-

"Who's this Jeremiah Johnson the Sargent boy put in. "His father's stones. He doesn't know that skelehere in the corner of the map?"asked president of the bank, and he ought tons have names."

the largest boy. "Do you suppose to could pay plenty. Let's make him "Let's hurry with Grandpa Foster,"

he's any relation to me? My name buy the gate."said the Johnson boy. "I want to do

for Jeremiah."is Steve Johnson. My father is Elmer "And let's get old Beetleface..."something

Johnson, and my grandfather was Kerry stopped. The occasion called Amos Foster folded the old family

Enoch. Do you suppose he could for a little more solemnity than was map and placed it in his vest pocket.

be my greatgrandfather?"

"Nope. Jeremiah Johnson was a

boy just about your own age,"Amos explained. "He died before I wuz

born. He wuz a brave, brave lad.

One night just before dark him and my father and my Uncle Esau wuz comin'down the canyon with a bucket of chokecherries. They wuz

all jist little kids about ten and 'leven years old. Esau was walkin'

a little behind carryin'the bucket howwhen they heard a sniffin'noise.

turnedJeremiah and around my father clutchin'the about and there Esau wuz bucket, clutchin'bear and the wuz

it, father a Esau!'Esau. 'Drop my

hollered; but Esau jist groaned. The

bear had both him and the bucket. one-

'She's got me, boys; she's got me!'

The boys run back and pried at the student bucket, but the bear held on. Well,

finally Jeremiah began to scoop the class...}

chokecherries out with his hands and throw 'em on the ground."

"And the bear got him!"Steve

Johnson fairly shouted.

"Nope,"said Amos calmly; "he Yes, a class of only one student—YOU!

scratched his arm on the bucket, and BYU's Bureau of HOME STUDY inblood poison set in."cludes such popular courses as history,

Kerry stood up. "Beetleface don't speech, religion (including genealknow. He talked about that skull ogy), English, education, accounting,

like it was something out of the ice and many more. Enroll now—TODAY!

age that didn't belong to nobody. Clip this coupon and...

I never knew before that skeletons had like Jeremiah and names—not

Eliza and little Mary Johnny. I'm EXTENSIONMAIL TODIVISION

sure Stinky didn't know either. It BUREAU OF HOME STUDY

was me that made him tell where BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY he got that skull. But I'll make him PROVO, UTAH

bring it back. And I'm gonna make Name

a fence around here to keep the cows Street out. There's no need of them breaking down our monuments scratching City & State

fleas."Please send me without cost Brigham Young

University's Bureau of Home Study catalog.

"Let's make a rock wall,"the Johnson boy suggested. "We're close to

the canyon, and there's plenty of rocks there. Miller's at Dairy And Brigham Young University the foot of the has a pickup canyon

truck. Let's ask Mr. Miller to help PROVO UTAH

us haul the rocks. And maybe he

OCTOBER 1953 777 From Church Headquarters to Not Just(Continuedfor Timefrom page 761) there get Besides, we'll never maybe Members Everywhere

Please, Hiram!* go now. if we don't

x "They went to the temple. The

The Deseret News "Church News"trip was long, and it was hard, but

Brings Latterday Saints Together she returned safely. And their baby

was born under the covenant, in a

Every week the "Church News"brings house without windows or doors, on you official instruction and inspirational guid- a bed made of straw. And the little

mother was happy. She sang as she ance from Church leaders. There is also

cared for her baby boy. He was hers

news of worldwide Church activities, now, and in all the eternities to editorial messages and conference come. The cold winds that whistled

reports. The Presiding Bishop's in around the blanket hanging at

Page gives important bulletins the door had lost a little of their to officers. Bring the "Church sting.

News"and its influence into "It happened that Hiram and Elyour home. Mail this coupon vira had to move to a part of Arizona

below now for information. where they had no contact with the

I Church. There were six more chil-

\ V \ H dren,the gospeland Elvirafrom theirtried toearliestteach years.them j lOprcl) %ivs

I 143 South Main St. Salt Lake City \, Utah They were obedient children as they

Please send me subscription information on the grew and learned to love righteous- "Church News."ness, all except the eldest. His parName..... ents spent many sleepless hours

worrying about their rebellious son. Address (Shall we call him Allen?)

City State "This boy left home early and ran w*% away to California where he married, at last, a girl who was a blues singer

HAVE YOUR CHILDREN SEEN forwas a gonenight fromclub. homeAllen'sa wife,good Belle,deal,

but she did take time off work to have several children. Belle was a TUBBY

good girl, really, but her interests lay outside her home. Allen tried

to take care of the children as best he could. Often he would come

home from his work to find them wandering in the streets, dirty and neglected. "Late one night when Allen came home, he found his threeyear-old daughter lying across her bed barely able to breathe, her fever raging high. The house was dark, and

the two older children were nowhere to be seen. A half hour later he was

sitting beside her hospital bed. The

doctor had told him the child had a critical case posof pneumonia with survive THE GOLDFISH? sibly in three to chance one

the night. As Allen sat there in

He's part of the fun of family dinner helpless desperation, he tried to remember how to pray, but somehow the words sounded like an empty echo in the C O F F E E SHOP in the room.

Special china, prices and souvenir menus for your children "'Father in heaven... Oh, God

... I don't even know if you listen

to people like me, but I sure do help. a such need She some means Hotel Utah

... listen. I to Max Carpenter, Manager lot Please me that

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Don't let my little girl die. I know

I haven't been like I should. But

won't you please help me? Oh,

Father... Please listen to me.'

"The door opened and a man looked in. He said, 'They told me

I'd find Brother Miller here. Can

you tell me where he is?'

"'Why, no. I don't know anyone

by that name.... Say, if you don't

mind my asking... You said Brother

Miller.... Are you... a Latterday

Saint?'"It happened that the man was an L.D.S. bishop. At Allen's request,

he brought a companion, and they administered to the little girl. The

bishop, staying afterward to talk to

Allen, heard the story of his wanderings into despair, and how he himself had come in answer to Allen's prayer even as it was being uttered.

"With humble gratitude Allen watched his little girl begin to breathe more easily. The relief brought a

long sigh to his lips. 'Going back

over my life, Bishop, I can see now where I got off the path into this The special Wicks Organ swamp, but now I'm in it, how can and console designed for

I get out? It seems like my life is the Boston, American

Convention. Organists Guild of another.'after dark stumblejust one

this size for price Details and first told Allen, 'The bishop "The furnished. gladly instrument

step is to renew your activity in the

Church, and then we'll help you along from there.'JVowT. YOU CAN OWN "And he did move along—from

it elder. to Although on updeacon A WICKS PIPE ORGAN ready the children got easy, hewasn't

each Sunday and took them with... at the price of imitations

him. "The day came when Allen was There is nothing finer for Church or Tabernacle service asked to give a talk in sacrament than the WICKS ORGAN.... This instrument best

meeting. Belle hadn't shown any fills the need of the organist. In each case, it is specifically

interest in his religious activity bebuilt to meet the demands of the service for which it is intended. yond a little ridicule. When he told

It is to hear. beautiful to see and WICKS ORGAN in Church, to speak her he was she Theis its main- a to play joy and low performance and—preach in Church? laughed. 'You inof will years costs Fortysix tenance you. amaze

What a joke! Now tell me another tensive research have resulted in this genuine pipe organ—

real funny one.'giving to the world one of the great instruments of all

"As the service began, however, he time.

was surprised to see Belle slip into Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request).

door. the seat had a come She near Leonard Dowling Representative to write the nearest

1651 Ashland first into for the chapel time the advice. service personal expert and Santa Calif. Monica, her Please—for

love. to grown had husband

Chas. Melvin W. Dunn Hansen Lvnn W. Gararden H. Vernon

first 1st Ave., 10708 the give to rose 8th Allen 603 Ave. AllenN.W. S. Donald 25 Ave. Gate Mac "When 98 Golden

33, Salt Washington City, Lake Utah Seattle 2, Arizona Calif. Mesa, Francisco San life, his of of sight his the speech own

wife sitting there, a mocking stranger to this beautiful gospel, brought all TKe WICKS ORGAN his longing into his throat and he stood for long moments unable to COMPANY utter a sound. At last the tears

Please write Dept. E-2 began to slide down his face and WICKS

his them. with voice was released HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS "said, he 'My brethren,''and my ORGANS

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1953 779 Not Just for Time

(Continued from preceding page) sisters: I had carefully prepared a

speech for you this evening, but I've decided instead to speak from my 0< heart.'Then he related to them the

/ story his mother had told him when he was a boy. He described the little

to dark house with a flopping blanket for a door. He told of her yearning for

a temple marriage so that her children could be born under the covenant, of her courageous journey to Nalley's rich, golden the temple so that he, especially, could have that blessing. 'My dear

friends,'he said, T who had wandered LUMBERJACK SYRUP into darkness have been brought back.

tell "'They me my wonderful. It's only not of Lumberjack. over stacks.. poured

left this mother ago, still life years mellowpancakes. buttermilk a richSperry's thrifty, it adds

Man! There's a breakfast ness that makes breakfast a longing for her one sheep who had

that'll bring a smile. Because pleasure. strayed away. I hope that somewhere

Lumberjack's real mapletree tonight she can know how grateful flavor makes pancakes taste For tops in Western eating I am for her, for the things she taught better than ever. It's perfect try Sperry's sourcream butme, for the sacrifices she made for me.

toast.for termilk pancakes waffles french and and Nalley's sometime maybe I can take her in my

filled pitcher Syrup! the with LumberjackSo keep tell her.'arms and

"The men and women listening TRY NALLEY'S LUMBERJACK SYRUP had come to love this humble man,

WITH SPERRY'S BUTTERMILK PANCAKES andwere sittingmoved thereindeed motionless,in their hearts.they

His gaze shifted to his wife, and he said, 'What would I give? Oh, my

*r<r brothers and sisters, what wouldn't

I give if I could know that one day ww jm\ I would enter that sacred temple with wife children sealed and be and my 3> LUMBERJACK, as for a family eternity. with them

'SYRUP... I can't There's You know how

IN. NALLEY'S PANCAKE '

... nothing. at AND Allen the stood

WAFFLE MIX pulpit struggling to go on. At last

he mumbled 'Amen'and sat down.

"After the services were over, I found my wife in the car. Belle was

crying in great sobs. When I put

my arms around her, she clung to me. 'Oh, my darling! I've lost

you, although I see now I never had you. Where can I begin so I can

come where you are?'"

Bishop Jones cleared his throat and sat silent, his head bowed low on his chest.

The young couple before him rose, pressed his hand in thanks, and walked quietly out of his house and down the street in thoughtful silence.

"He didn't know, did he, Neil, that he slipped and said T instead of 'Allen'there at the end of his story?

Isn't he simply wonderful? And

Sister Jones! My goodness, I can't

imagine her crooning in some night spot, can you? This gospel really

does change people, doesn't it?"

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Yes, darling, it does. And you?

I'm almost afraid to ask what you've decided.""Oh, Neil, whatever made me want it any way but the right way? I guess

a few months won't seem long when [00iI know we'll have forever together after that. But Neil... what if you're

year? a wholegone You'd forget all to time."by thatabout me

His arms closed tenderly around her, and she heard a soft whisper against her hair, "Forget you? No,

Jeanette. I'll love you... not just WEYfor time, my darling, but for all

eternity."It's the buttermilk in the mix that

makes the pancakes taste so good"To the Glory of God"proof. mix. Real countrychurned taste. Instant one (Continued from page 746) Just buttermilk. You... light and sourcream buttery They're

part of the gospel of Jesus Christ. The tender... taste wonderful. simply add water or milk. You

beauties recipe get golden brown grandmother's It's yourliving are charged with the responsi-... like these. time better. The every only And quicker.

bility of searching out records of their buttermilk comes right in the Wouldn't you like some now?

dead; and when these names are

properly recorded, baptism on their behalf may be performed by one of TRY SPERRY'S BUTTERMILK PANCAKES brings living. joy and the This work

vicarious naWITH NALLEY'S LUMBERJACK SYRUP for its comfort to many ture is a real opportunity to give service to others. Our two great goals

in life, President McKay said, arc to build a character like Christ's, and to serve our fellow men. f

The complete text of the dedicatory <> **'LUMBERJACK prayers follow: syrup',

NALLEVSIN. DEDICATORY PRAYER PANCAKEAND

at Berne Temple site WAFFLE MIX

August 5, 1953 O God, our eternal Father. As thou

seest, we thy children have assembled here for a special purpose. Our

hearts are filled with gratitude for this opportunity. We are grateful

that we are thy children, that we know of thy existence, that thou art the father of all mankind, and that thou lovest them even as an earthly father loves his own children.

We are grateful for the privilege we have of assembling here in this country where freedom is cherished, where the individual is free to worship

God according to the dictates of his own conscience. We ask thee to continue to bless this nation. They are

Godfearing people. The love of the

Lord as they believe in thee is in their hearts as is that love of truth.

And on this sacred occasion we invoke thy blessings upon the Swiss government and the Swiss people.

We are grateful for the assistance aided Presiof kind friends who have page) SPERRY"IS REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF GENERAL MILLS. INC. (Continued on following

OCTOBER 1953 781 iiiiiiiiiniiimmiiiniiiiii i ii "To the Glory of God"NO WASTED SPACE (Continued from preceding page) with t,322 dent Bringhurst, President Zimmer,

PAINT and others associated with them in selecting this spot on which a temCOLORS ple may be reared unto thy name and thy glory. Continue to bless all who "room The smart, modern have rendered such assistance.

dividers""movable and We are grateful for the restoration walls. DURABLE of the gospel of Jesus Christ in its

FOR purity, and we are grateful for the

WASHABLE organization of thy Church, the cusHOMES 1 todianall thoseof thewhogospelare inpresidingthis day. in Blessthy

Church—the First Presidency, the

Quorum of Twelve, the Patriarch to FOR the Church, the Assistants to the OFFICES

Twelve, the Seventy, the Presiding

Bishopric, the stake, ward, mission authorities, that they may sense their FOR responsibilities as true representatives. CHURCHES

We are particularly grateful for the assistance rendered by the authorSee them during Conference ities in the cantons here in this land, laur!n1urt,- inc.

Please send me free further information PERFECT Zollikofen,in the townsand oftheMunchenbuchsee,city of Berne. about557Salt SouthLake City,3rd WestUtah FOLDOOR.

authorities Bless the therein—the NAME COLOR mayors, those who assist them, and ADDRESS

MATCHING the citizens—that they may sense CITY STATE

the purpose of the erection of the house of the Lord in their district. We are grateful, heavenly Father, LAUREN

for the better understanding in the

Itic. for inside hearts of intelligent men and women, BURT,

that prejudice is being removed, and 557 South 3rd West \ or outside that the purposes of thy Church are Salt Loke City being understood more clearly. Phone 5-7441

Now our heavenly Father, as thy servant holding the Holy Priesthood! Bookdealers NOW nihttrWi Berne,and representingin surroundingthe membershipbranches, andin

in Europe, tke counter weat presentdedicatethethismembershiptract of land for the purpose of erecting a temple unto thy

WctpttCd name;membersalsoof athischapelsurroundingin whichdistrictthe

may meet to worship thee weekly and as often as conveniences permit and necessity requires; also for the erection of houses that may be used for

shelter and housekeeping by those who come from distant lands.

We dedicate every spot of this tract that it may be considered sacred whether it be retained for temple purposes or otherwise disposed of.

And we include the land surrounding purchased by our friends, that proper environment may be sustained, that BENNETT'S65 West First South, Salt Loke City no objectionable buildings may be

FACTORY RETAIL DEPARTMENT erected. Now we beseech thee, Father

21st South Lake West, Salt & 2nd City in heaven, that thou wilt accept this

Bennett's Dealers Branches and—and

the throughout Intermountain area and pages hundred take dedication charge of all Six and

California. in Southern information inspiration of $4.00 and this things from moment.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

We invoke thy blessings upon the architects who have drawn plans and who will continue to draw plans for a building worthy of thy name to be erected in this spot. We pray thee to

bless the contractors, to bless the *!*'* builders and all the electricians, all

the master workmen. May everyone

sense that he is building, even as he lays the blocks and the mortar, or <*-.

the wires, or the plumbing, or any part of the building, that he is doing it to thy name and to thy glory.

May they realize that they are building for future generations, that hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, will look upon this structure and say that those men built that house to the glory of God. And with

that thought in mind, may the builders do their best, even exceed their own ability, that the structure may be a credit to this village, to the surrounding villages, to the city of Berne, to the country of Switzerland, as well as to the entire Church. Father, we

invoke this blessing upon every laborer and everyone who has anything to do with this building on this site.

We invoke thy blessings upon these villages, upon the people that reside therein, that they may feel that this building is a contribution to this neighborhood, that it will make more popular, more successful, all connected with the surroundings, either in buildings, in crops, in social affairs, and in moral and spiritual values.

Accept of this dedication, O Father.

Accept of our gratitude. Hear, we

beseech thee, our pleadings for thy protecting care over this property. In

the erection of the building may there be no fatal accidents; that care

may be manifested by the overseers,.. Regular Sizecontractors, and all connected thereZEE LUNCHEON.

with; that when we meet in the near Choice of white, green, peach, or

future to dedicate the edifice unto thee yellow. and thy glory, we may look back upon this occasion and upon all intervening ZEE DINNER... King Size

activities without regret, but with Snowy white... extra heavy... in

pride and with cherished memories 'of this sacred occasion, we humbly beautiful embossed design.

pray in the name of thy beloved Son, CHIFFON... Twin PlyJesus Christ. Amen. tYfy

Facial tissue quality, luxury emDEDICATION PRAYER Ws6 #r?/ bossing. Extra large... thick. doubleoffered by President David O. McKayat New Chapel, in Surrey, England, imp

CROWN ZELLERBACH CORPORATION 1953 August 10, 1953 V

Our heavenly and eternal Father, -:- -.-;.-,'-',

with grati+ude in our hearts we USE THE NAPKINS THAT ARE ALWAYS FRESH - PRACTICAL - INEXPENSIVE approach thee on this sublime and

USE 'EM 3 TIMES A DAY -SAVE WORK -TOSS 'EM AWAY!

(Continued on following page),

OCTOBER 1953 783 "To the Glory of God"

(Continued from preceding page) tion of the Church in which every memorable occasion. We are grateman, woman, and child who obeys

ful for the restoration of the gospel the principles of the gospel may have of Jesus Christ, during which restoraan opportunity to serve thee and tion thou didst appear with thy others in accordance with the divine beloved Son to the Prophet Joseph injunction to "... love the Lord

Smith. Others who had died hunthy God... and thy neighbour as

dreds of years before the occasion thyself."(Luke 10:27.)

also appeared to thy chosen prophet, Bless those who hold positions in demonstrating anew thy love for thy thy Church at home and abroad, in children, and proving by personal organized stakes, in wards, quorums, appearance the immortality of man. and organizations, in the missionary

We are grateful for the organizafields, whether presiding in the presiUlntii the V jext J)tep Skow5 itself

Richard L. Evans

Cometimes when we are faced with decisions, we may well wish that we had a blueprint that we could count on.

We may well wish that we could see the end from the beginning. As between two jobs, for example, both of which

have something to be said for them, it would be reassuring if we knew for a certainty which it would be best to take.

Sometimes decisions are more important than a choice between jobs. Sometimes there may be a matter of choice

in marriage or something that would change the course of a whole career—a whole life. Sometimes we are confronted

with decisions that involve clearcut matters of right or wrong, in which case there cannot be (or should not be) any serious question as to which way. But some decisions

are not so clearcut. And yet so much sometimes seems to

hang on small choices: Which road to take of several that

accident going one way, are offered? an (And if we have

for ourselves going another.) not We Bind Your then Which we may blame

If follow? to profession to take course at school? Which IMPROVEMENT ERAS if see! only could know! But only we should If we could we

Save each issue and let us convert do nothing until we could certainly foresee the future, if them into handsome and permanent we should start no project or make no plan until, in detail yearly volumes for your library. we could see its certain end, we could let life waste away

The cost is just $3.00 per volume (f.o.b. Salt in indecision. Some things we cannot now know in fulness

necessary City). If Lake

will apply. rates following the to mail them to you and finality. And when we are faced with such decisions,

from Distance often the best we can do is to base our choices on sound

Salt City, Utah Rate Lake Up to 150 miles 29 principles and proceed a step at a time with faith in the 150 to 300 miles 35 future. Often we have to take the first sound step we can

miles 43 to 600 300 55 see and work it out from there and not let life waste away miles to 1000 600 1000 to 1400 miles 70 in waiting to see the ultimate end. We may find that the

miles to 1800 1400 83 end product is not precisely as we had planned. (There

97 miles Over 1800 are byproducts in every process.) But if we commit ourselves

Leave them at our conveniently located upsolidly and prayerfully to the pursuit of sound principles town ofice.

and use the best of what we know to the best of our ability, we can then proceed with faith, until the next step shows itself.Deseret News Press

31 Richards St. Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 4-2581 -Jke Spoken WarJ"Word FROM temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING a SYSTEM, AUGUST 16, 1953Plant1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) Copyright, 1953

Phone 7-1584 - SAIT IAKE CITY 784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dency of missions or in districts or in branches. Inspire them with the

realization of the responsibility which each one holds. Bless the entire

membership of the Church from ocean to ocean wherever an organized branch exists, with the spirit of uprightness and the desire to live uprightly and to serve their fellow men. Inspire thy Saints everywhere.

We are grateful for this government, the United Kingdom of Great

Britain, grateful for the love of liberty manifest by those who rule, grateful for the love of fair play existing in the hearts of the British people. It is by virtue of that love

of liberty and of justice that we are permitted to assemble here today.

"... and temples will appear

all over this land of Joseph—

North and South America—and

also in Europe and elsewhere.

..."(J.D. 19:229230, September 16, 1877.)

We are grateful to the officers and leaders in the county of Surrey and in this neighborhood, that they have given consent for the erection of the house of the Lord. We are grateful

for those who have built these lovely grounds, for the consideration and kindness of the lady who transferred the property to thy Church, and for the gentleman who preceded her in toownership who renovated and reconvmmM immm wMmmm structed these buildings.

is We are grateful for those who You'll feel carefree as a child when your bathroom planted these magnificent trees, for Hexol clean. For you've protected your family by banishing

"groves were Thy first temples."We contagion spreading germs.

express appreciation of the efforts And it's so easy to use this effective germicidedeodorant.put forth by those who planted the

shrubbery and flowers beautifying Just run a little water into your wash basin and add this spot. We feel at home here. It Hexol. Dampen a cloth in this snowywhite solution and

seems to be thine. go over tub, basin and floor.

We are grateful for the friendship of our neighbors, and we ask that Pour a little Hexol from the bottle into the toilet that friendship may continue. bowl. Then you are sure your bathroom is fresh

Now, Holy Father, we invoke thy and pleasant, as clean as it can be.

blessings upon those whom we have named, that they may receive such blessings as they merit because of their favorable attitude to thee and the pleasant to thy work. bathroom

We pray thee now to bless this germicidedeodorant acreage which we have chosen as a suitable spot on which to erect a temple to thy name. We ask that

AT ALL DRUG COUNTERS (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1953 785 (Continued from preceding page) Let Us Winterize "To the Glory of God"there may exist on this place and radiate therefrom a feeling of reverence which, though strangers may not be able to define, members of the

Church will sense as existing here as a result of this dedication service.

Holy Father, as thy servant, holding the Holy Priesthood, representing the British Mission and other missions in Europe, I now dedicate for holy purposes this acreage, especially such parts of it as may be considered necessary, leaving some of it to be disposed of for other purposes if and when deemed advisable. We now

dedicate the necessary acreage as an holy place for the erection of a temple unto thee, the Lord our God.

We dedicate the houses that are It's a good idea to drive in now now on this property for the use and of the caretaker, of the for these seasonal changes: convenience

Drain and clean the radiator and supply antifreeze. president of the temple, for the

gardeners, and particularly for the the Drain crankcase, flush of it, and refill with motor convenience members come who oil in the proper winter grade. from afar that they may feel at home;

Lubricate your car thoroughly. that they may be comfortable; that

Replace worn tires with new Atlas "Gripsafe"Tires to they may concentrate their thoughts provide you maximum safety for driving on slippery and desires upon the work of the highways. salvation of their dead.

of this dedication, heavenly Check your battery—to be sure it can stand the added Accept

strain of cold weather driving. Father, and bestow thy divine protecting care over it at all times. To Inspect the fan belt and replace if necessary. this end blessing thy we invoke upon

Check the hose connections and replace if necessary. all who shall take part in any way

in the care of this acreage, in the of improvement these grounds, and Better One Week Early.... in protection the care and of thy temThan One Day Late! ple.

You can't have your car protected for cold We particularly invoke thy blessweather too early—but a few hours delay ings on the architect who shall draw

may be too late! the plans of thy house, upon the

44th Year of Progress contractors who will begin the building of the edifice. We invoke thy

blessing the builders, upon that they sense LETS GO—WITH UTOCO UTOCO may of the importance building

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY not just for the present, but for the future, that each one may feel, O

Father, that he is building not only for the benefit of the Saints here, but also for the benefit of those who have gone before, building a structure unto thee, to thy glory, to thy holy name. Protect those who thus

sense their responsibility from all accident and harm.

We dedicate and set apart this site as a center from which thy name and the restoration of the gospel of Jesus

Christ may radiate throughout this land, and from this moment remove feelings of prejudice from the hearts of those who have been misguided 786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and misinformed. May their hearts

be open, so they may see clearly the divine purpose of the Church of Jesus

Christ. May they judge thy people FREE..

not unrighteously but justly. Particularly we pray that thy Spirit may

radiate from the neighbors who live Wurlitzer's here in this county, and surrounding counties, that they may see the nobility of soul that prompts the fundraising

Saints to contribute to this edifice, and the divine purpose that inspires them to come to the house of God, to make kit for it possible for their departed loved ones to obey the eternal principles of the gospel. church

We ask thee to bless this land of

Great Britain, in which during the past century thousands have accepted organs the truth and have gone by great sacrifice, many of them, to lands where houses have been built to thy You only have name. Now may members be satislitzer Organ to

fied to remain here, knowing that thy called the "voice of worship."

blessings will attend them and that Its tone enriches Divine Services.

inspires It meditation. Saints blessing of the thethrough

Builder and Pianos of Organs It creates WURLITZERWorld's Largest of prayer. atmosphere an oftheir tithes paid andwho have Under Name One Great

ferings, thy temples will be brought That's because the tone of a to them, where husbands and wives Wurlitzer is derived from a Fundraising kit for churches the musical natural source—sealed for time and eternity;may be—write for your copy now!

get all reed. the Wurlitzer You

their children belovedwhere may be inelectronic of an advantages sealed the bonds to them, and Wurlitzer The Rudolph Company sacrificing without of strument 1-310, N.Y. North Tonawanda, of the attribute divinest love, the organ effects traditional without cost your fundwhen Please Dept.send me

human soul, be continued, not "until you choose a Wurlitzer. raising kit for Church Organs.

death dost thou part,"but "throughWurlitzer has prepared a speName out time and all eternity."cial kit to use in raising organ Street

Father in heaven, accept of our funds. Visit your Wurlitzer City Zone.

gratitude, our invocation; accept of Dealer or write for this proved County State.

this dedication and setting apart and fundraising guide today.

receive this, our seeming sacrifice, our offering as one given with our whole u tt hearts, and guard and guide everything that may be done from this BURNED OUT moment until the house is completed REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY to the henceforth then and dedicated; to live, a place you are out of fire may mean A fulfilment purposes, of thy we humbly find you before expense added tremendous with

pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. another.

Amen.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance to cover today's higher values.

TREE MINTAGE UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

By Julia W. Wolfe

A wild wind came on wings last night ** To count the woodland's gold,

His fingers ran through every tree Till all the wealth was told. IN USE lor SEVENTYFIVE YEARS WE OFFER...

COMPLETE simple of Canker, A in treatment Aids lime, Birch, elm and oak larch, and SERVICE ENGRAVING minor mouth throat sore and other alike to him; Gave leaves

to the Largest Portraits Missionary their separate not noted He shapes and throat irritations. Catalogues.From

or limb. grace of trunk Nor Attention Prompt Orders Given Mail

high piled them he Gold on gold CO. ENGRAVING UTAH REMEDY HALLS ware: Tree City, Utah St. mintage—lusteredleaf Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Regent Salt Lake to coins so of count Strange wind pranks

And leave them lying there! *0<H-0<

OCTOBER 1953 787 Melchizedek Priesthood

STAKE ME1CHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE

Organization from the stake president to the quocouraging them to hold regular rum presidencies and bring reports weekly presidency council meetings,

Every stake should have a stake back, thereby extending the directive by seeing that the proper class inMelchizedek Priesthood commitpowers of the stake president. In structions are carried out, by serving

tee, established by the stake short, it is the purpose of the Melas contact men between the quorum presidency, and effectively functionchizedek Priesthood committee, under presidencies and the stake presidency, ing. This committee is composed of the direction of the stake president, and by seeing that the instructions

the stake president, at least four to see that the Melchizedek Priestof the General Authorities of the members of the high council or more, hood quorums function and that their Church relative to quorum activities if deemed necessary, and a secretary. quorum work is done. are carried out.

Since the stake president stands at Third, members of the stake Melthe head of the stake and is the one Functions chizedek Priesthood committee should directly responsible for all Melchizereport promptly to the stake presidek Priesthood activities, it is imThe text also states that "the dency any vacancy occurring in a perative that he serve as the active Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Comquorum presidency.

chairman of the stake Melchizedek mittee has equal responsibility in the Fourth, the stake Melchizedek

Priesthood committee. supervision of the elders, seventies, Priesthood committee should meet as

Until about a year ago, in some of and high priests, under the2 direction a committee at least twice each the stakes one of the counselors to of the stake presidency."The chief month. One of these meetings is

the stake president was serving as functions of this committee are: a planning meeting to prepare for

chairman of this committee, but at 1. To train quorum officers in their the stake3 leadership departmental

that time the First Presidency issued duties so they may become effective meetings, and the other meeting is to instructions for the stake president in their leadership; report on and receive assignments.

to act as the chairman. If there are 2. To keep the stake presidency inFifth, it is the duty of the members

any stakes in the Church in which formed so that quorums are kept orof this committee to conduct departmentsthis change has not been made, in the monthly stake it is ganized;

thatsuggested stake the priesthood leadership president meetings. 4 3. To receive and audit reports

assume the chairmanship of the stake and send them on to the general

Melchizedek Priesthood committee priesthood committee at Church Committee Secretary immediately.

headquarters. The committee secretary plays an

Purpose important role in the proper funcProcedure tioning of the stake Melchizedek

The purpose of the stake MelchizePriesthood committee. It is very

dek Priesthood committee is to afford In order to carry forward the work important that records are kept acthe stake presidency an effective orof the stake Melchizedek Priesthood curately and are complete in all deganization composed of sufficient committee, it is suggested that its tails. They should be made at the

helpers to supervise the functions of members observe the following proproper time in order that they may all Melchizedek Priesthood quorums cedure: be sent into Church headquarters

within the stake: First, they should visit at least when due. Late reports cause much

quarterly the following meetings: inconvenience and inaccuracies in

The stake Melchizedek Priesthood commit- (1) quorum presidencies'meetings; their compilation.

tee represents the stake presidency in the direction and supervision of all quorums (2) quorum meetings (both class inIn addition to the chairman and committee of the Melchizedek Priesthood within the struction and business meetings); members, each Stake Melchizedek Prieststake. committee This is appointed

stake presidency. to the to (3) group meetings; and (4) commithoodwho shouldcommitteepreferablyshould behavethe astakesecretary,clerkbe an aid

tee meetings. or someone assigned as an assistant to the

It is to be kept in mind that the Second, in their work of training stake clerk. It is the responsibility of this

members of the stake Melchizedek quorum officers in their duties so secretary, under the direction of the committee chairman [stake president], to see

Priesthood committee do not preside they may function more effectively, that the quorum secretaries receive their when they visit the various quorum members of the stake Melchizedek reports from the group secretaries and that meetings, but their capacity is one Priesthood committee should stimuthese are compiled by the quorum secreof supervision. The high councilors late and assist the quorum presitary; that the quorum reports are subon this committee take instructions dencies. This can be done by enmitted to the stake Melchizedek PriestHbid., p. 14.

1Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, p. 11. Vbid., p. 12. *lhid., pp. 37, 3940.

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hood Committee chairman in ample time for checking and compiling on the stake report form before sending the same to the

General Priesthood Committee.

all reports, audit will The secretary sum- "A SOWER WENT FORTH..."figure provided, forms themarize them on

all percentages and compute the totals.

The secretary keeps a minute of all comany other performs meetingsmittee and all feeling of to... of forth peace dispelled unsow went i sower chairman. committee assigned by theduty

fell gospel certainty. the into l\ seed good She presented and some the of the chairman, the direction Under

secretary shall be responsible for making * Aground, and brought forth to her husband and he, too, accepted a complete audit of quorum funds, properfruit."(See Matthew 13:3-8.) and believed.

ties and records as required by the "ReThe significance of this parable From that time forth the Book of

Report,"and Transfer Auditorganization constant to companElder was their Mormon Wintle demonstrated is sewas president quorumwhenever a new in they rejoiced recently ion and guide, and stood he A. Bingham whenlected. 5

proxy for a man to whom he had the principles of this practical reConclusion brought the gospel as a missionary ligion that could be applied in their lives for daily rule of everyday an ago. a quarter century than more

in kept be it should In conclusion, their conduct fellow tell let man. toward story: the But me stake augeneral "the that andmind so, for years, seventeen And having of the In Elder Bing1926 summer stake these rely thorities upon must contact the no with and Blackfoot, of Church no Idaho, then a young ham

life acand to maintaincommittees further contact missionaries with of missionary, and Croft Elder Jess and tivity in the Melchizedek Priesthood of having no other standard works Falls, Idaho, counwere doing are, Idaho committees Thesequorums.

literally couple try tracting the Church—this in a Model on T Ford progreat importance,therefore, of

the plains of Colorado, many miles lived the Book of Mormon, bringingviding opportunities for service that east of Denver. up their children to proudly proclaim

challenge the wisest and ablest brethMormons. to themselves they evening came in June One it is evistakes."the in Thus,ren

until it was, So 1946 of death the Mrs. ranch Mr. when and home

effective proper that the dent and took left his wife, Jack a Holt, and couple who hadn't had young Jack who Priestof functioning Melchizedek hood quorums and the growth atbeen married only a short time. Here at this time heard of the doctrine of

tained by every holder of the Melthey spent the night, helping with progression, in the depths of her chizedek Priesthood will depend to a the chores and other work after the grief vainly searching for the answer large degree upon the efficiency of custom followed by the missionaries to the question—why?

and endearing themselves to the It was in this unhappy state of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood

Holts with their friendly manner and mind that the missionaries found her committee.

practical application of the principles in the winter of 1948. They ex-

*Ibid., pp. 1112. they taught. After supper was over, plained the fulness of the gospel to eIdem.

they presented the gospel, and upon her; she was baptized in April 1948;

their departure left a copy of the and this service was done for her

Can Farming Be Made to Pay? Book of Mormon. husband also. In October 1948 all

One year later, in June 1927, Elder of their children followed her into (Concluded from page 751) Bingham in company with Elder the waters of baptism and were couraged to carry on g where their Charles V. Jenkins of Magna reunited with the Church.

fathers left off. More fathers need turned to the Holt ranch, found a In August 1949 Mrs. Holt drove to

to have faith in their sons. More warm welcome there, and spending Blackfoot, Idaho, where she searched

sons need to be spurred on with the the night again expounded the gosout Elder Bingham, and on the desire to prove to their parents that pel to them. twentyfourth day of that month he

this faith would not be misplaced. Some two years later Mrs. Holt drove to Salt Lake City and perIn other words, we need more became troubled in spirit and desirous formed the temple ordinances for

trained men on the farm. to know the true relation between Jack Holt.

An increasing number of our uniGod and man. Consequently she

versity graduates go back to the began studying all available literaWe, as converts, in our hearts each farm. The reports that we receive ture and talking with missionaries of day thank our Heavenly Father for

every year are to the effect that different faiths who were in the the missionaries of his Church, that many of these students make a succountry at that time. Nowhere could army of faithful men and women who

cess of their farming opera'tions when she find the answer or peace for give freely of the best years of their they put into practice the informaher troubled spirit. So finally one lives, suffering hardships and distion and the inspiration they have day, quite by chance, she opened the couragement that we may be brought

received from their classes. Book of Mormon and started to read to a realization of the gospel. I pray

No doubt the time will soon come Alma's discourse on faith and after that we may be found worthy of this when more and more parents in coonly a few chapters was gripped sacrifice and that the Lord's choicest operation with their sons and with the certainty that this was the blessings may rest upon each and daughters will make farming a profittruth she had been seeking. A sense every one of them.

able venture and will have fine homes Mrs. Jack Holt

for the rearing of their families, each member of which will be justly proud to belong to the farm.

OCTOBER 1953 789 ThePresiding

Individual Award Record Reaches Alltime High Converts to the Church

HThe Individual Aaronic Priesthood fied for the ward Aaronic Priesthood May Qualify for Award

Award record for 1952 reached the award, and six stakes qualified for the A male convert to the Church, bapall-time high of 14,465 awards issued. stake Aaronic Priesthood award. tized and ordained to the Aaronic PriestFor a time it appeared as if we might In view of the fact that 1952 marked hood at any time between 12 and 21

fall behind our 1951 record, but our the introduction of the new ward and years of age, may qualify for the Indiboys and their leaders came through stake award program, we are delighted vidual Aaronic Priesthood Award on a with flying colors to maintain the unwith our first year's success. pro rata basis between the date of his

broken record of an annual increase However, our sights must be raised first ordination and December 31 of that in awards issued since 1943—ten years for 1953. We are counting on stake year.

of continuous progress. and ward leaders for full support in The only other person who may qualWard and Stake Awards ourmonthsawardremainprograms.in which toOnlywritethreeour theify fornewlythe ordainedaward ondeacona pro ratawho basisgraduis

Two hundred and fifty wards qualirecord for the current year. ates from Primary.

Challenging Records from North Sevier StakeAdvisers'Responsibilities

Require Prayer and Study Gary and Terry, twin brothers, RedHPo magnify one's own strength and Seviermond Ward,Stake,Northare minimize the need for the Lord's twins in their help in the senior Aaronic Priesthood Church activities as program is to invite failure. well. Since they

Too frequently those who are called werecons fourordainedyears deaago, to work with the senior members of they have maintainthe Aaronic Priesthood feel that they, ed a record of one atpercent study, are fully hundredby experience and at priesttendance forqualified any eventuality. and ready sacrament hood and

They contrast their knowledge of the meetings, Sunday gospel with that of those whom they School, and Y.M

are called to advise and pronounce them- M.I.A.

selves fully prepared. Would it not be

an outstanding While study of the gospel and the accomplishment if techniques of motivation are important these twin brothers steps in qualifying one's self, the Lord were to maintain should always be a partner and be insuchance perfectrecord attend*until vited to take the lead in his work. The they are ordained

Spirit of the loosen the tongue can Lord elders? GARY ASHMAN TERRY ASHMAN It life gives the heart. to theand open

spoken word. It opens the windows of NORTH SEVIER STAKE also boasts two perfect attendance records for three

the soul to receive the light of truth. years and twelve for two years as follows: Garry Taylor, 3; Verdon Durfee, 3

God does not impose himself upon Steven Sorenson, 2; Therron Shaw, 2; La Moine Curtis, 2; Wayland Shaw, 2

us, but he does stand ready and anxious Kendall Shaw, 2; Bartley Curtis, 2; Koz Hallows, 2; Ronald and Glade Curtis, 2

to help us when invited. Max Jacobson, 2; Kendall Cloward, 2; Warren Nielsen, 2.

Deacons to Pass Both

Bread and Water

Tt is recommended that deacons or others passing the sacrament pass both the bread and the water. We discourage the practice of having one quorum

or group pass the bread, and another quorum or group pass the water.

With the sacrament being administered in sacrament meeting, Sunday

School, and Junior Sunday School, it is felt there should be ample opportunity for all to officiate in passing the sacrament without one group passing

CASTLE DALE WARD Aaronic Priesthood members, Emery (Utah) Stake, were the bread and another group passing recent visitors to Salt Lake City, where they spent the day in a tour of points of interest. the water.

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishopric's Page

"Jimmy Brown"or "Jimmy Brown's Father"

The following address was delivered Most of the 83,000 men mentioned by President David O. McKay in sumtonight may be classified as lost sheep.

mary of the emphasis given the program They are not bad. They are not wih

for senior members of the Aaronic fully vicious or doing anything wrong.

Priesthood during the bishops'conferThey are just eager in seeking to make ence in the Tabernacle in Salt Lake a success of their professions, to make a

City, October 3, 1952. success in their business life. They are

able men. Most of them come in that

All the plans that have been sugclass. Now, you may know how to

gested, all the recommendations reach them.

given, every tonight, admonition made class. fall into second the They Some

regarding quosuggestion every made E. neglected. Elder Mark been have reorganizateaching, work, ward rum

talk, gave his conference in Petersen, lisfar as I so tions, everything, have fall of illustration those a who good welfare the to of young pertains tened, "Jimmy Brown,"or "Jimmy Brown's into the second class.

father."In other words, true to the Some you will meet are as the lost

spirit of the mission of the Redeemer, son who ask their father to give them the Presidency of the Aaronic Priesttheir portion and they will go out and hood in this Church is using the orspend their life in riotous living. They

ganization divinely set up for the beneare the hardest to reach, and until fit and salvation of the individual. The they, too, come to the point where they

individual is not used as a mere "cog"can say, "I will arise and go to my in the great "wheel of organization."PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY father, and will say unto him, Father,

Tonight we have witnessed real opera- I have sinned..."(Luke 15:18) you

tion of Christ's purpose on the earth: can do little for them. But do your

"... to bring to pass the immortality parable of the Lost Coin, parable of best to get them to realize the need for

and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) the Lost Son, usually known as The repentance.

That man is known as "Jimmy Brown,"Prodigal Son. The lost sheep wandered There is a great book written called

or "James Brown,"his father, or "Hans away, not wilfully; there was nothing Les Miserables, wherein a man by

Anderson,""Dr. Hatch,""David O. wrong in that sheep's seeking better cruelty is made a beast. The realizaMcKay."What a wonderful demonfood, greener grass. In his search for tion of his degradation is glimpsed

stration tonight of the operation of the something better, he just happened to when he steps on the coin of little divine mission of the Church! get too far away from the flock and Gervais. At that point he. senses to

As I listened to the plea to reach was lost. The coin was lost through what depths he has fallen. When he

these individuals, there came to my the neglect of the housewife. The realizes he has taken that coin from

mind three great parables of the Savior. prodigal son became lost through his little Gervais, he cries out, "What a

I will mention them and let you study own wilfulness to spend his life in wretch I am!"And he calls, "Petit

of the Lost Sheep, indulgence, in wickedness. Gervais! Petit Gervais!"and rushes out them—parable

to get him back. From that moment

Jean Valjean's soul starts upward toward Christ.

Brethren, all our quorums, all our organizations, the Church, itself, are organized for the purpose of redeeming the individual. God help us to reach

him, study him, approach him faithfully through prayer and confidence, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

Amen.

YUCAIPA BRANCH, SAN BERNARDINO (CALIFORNIA) STAKE, became the first branch in the Church to receive the ward (branch) Aaronic Priesthood

Award for 1952. Fiftythree percent of the

total enrolment of Aaronic Priesthood twelve to twentyone qualified to make the branch eligible for this special recognition.

Branch President Andrew C. Ure and his

counselors, Newell Tolman and Art Beck, are shown with their faithful young men of the Aaronic Priesthood.

OCTOBER 1953 791 Abide Ye in the Liberty

(Continued from page 764) The life which declares itself free to live is the standard, a to live with low laxly, or servant Another of God, James, be to of sort bondage degraded most also testified to all people: imagined.

But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being And Robert Speer says all mankind not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the falls into three classes:

work, this man shall be blessed in his deed.

(James 1:25.) The slaves who do the will of another;

the knaves who do only their own will; and

Despite all these teachings, some the free men who do the will of God.

of us today think that only those of us who do our own will are free So the truth is plain. To become

that laws bind us. But President a slave to a cigaret is not freedom.

David Starr Jordan of Leland StanTo be a slave to the devil by being

Why Share Your Space ford University said: immoral and unchaste is not freedom.

with a Swinging Door?

a "MODERNFOLD"door takes none SPACE FOR MORE LIVING fn aklna Souvid lJ'eci5ion$ BEAUTY NEW COLORFUL

RIGID - STRENGTH OF STEEL MOVABLE WALLS the doors that told Richard L. Evans

like an accordion "pURTHER in this matter of making decision: Taking time

modern fold But totheredecideis alsois frequentlysuch a thingan asessentialtaking factortoo muchof safety.time.

The power of decision is sometimes seized from us by too long a delay. We should never be too swiftly persuaded in

For demonstration write or phone a matter of important choice; neither should we wait so

ALDERS flowing,long thatandwe circumstanceslet life waste areaway.alteredTimeby iseachfluidinstant.and everIt

1343 South Main Salt Lake City is not possible to reconstruct any absolutely identical set of

Phone 7-1531 circumstances. Once we close a door we never open it again

Please send your free booklet entitled me still are never standing the on exactly same scene. We j for Living'IE10. Space "More

inactivity. in be indecision;! even in not even Time will NAME ii!i[ not

i Address instant. in different even another hour, in another And

| City State 111 if the passing unaltered, all the other could elements remain days and seasons take their toll from the total, regardless

NEW LOWER PRICES! ofintowhatpanicwe ordo orrushedfail tointodo. decidingBut still wrongly,we must notfor betherepressedare

false and foolish steps as well as safe and sure ones; urges

to evil as well as to good; steps down as well as up—all of

which further impresses the need for a prayerful approach to all decisions in all the choices that are offered; and for

rOLDING CHAIRS predicating each step upon sound principles, with faith that the next step will show itself. We have to keep moving;

OUTLAST we have to start; we have to work; we have to make a living,

ALL OTHERS! evenusefulwhenwork,thingshonorable,aren't justconstructiveas we wouldactivitywant (eventhem. if Honest,it isn't

Unequaied for strength, just what we want) is immeasurably better than inactivity, comfort, safety, convenience and may open up other avenues that will lead to what we

OVER TO MILLION NOW IN USE! want, or to something better than we now know. We have

Choice of 3 seat styles... Formed Birch Plywood. to make decisions as they come, as soundly as we can, not

All Steel... ImitationLeather Upholstered being stampeded, not being rushed into wrong ways, but

OUTNUMBER ALL OTHERS IN CHURCH USE taking the first sound step we can see—and having faith that

p --- -MAiL COUPON TODAY!----. He who helped us see the first step will then help us see the

SEATING AMERICAN COMPANY solid find satisfysomething help us to and second and will

DEPT. 169, 2, RAPIDS GRAND MICHIGAN

is honorable, labor are our honest, ing, provided motives our Please send latest your P brochure on

American seating folding chairs. and our approach to problems is prayerful and full of faith.

in I am interested (quantity) Wood seats a Steel seats Upholstered

For School For Church Uke Spoken lA/ord from temple SQUARE

Namfi Street PRESENTED OVERSYSTEM,KSL ANDAUGUSTTHE COLUMBIA23, 1953 BROADCASTING

City and Zone State Copyright, 1953

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cheating and lying do not constitute freedom. Only if we are free from

these shackles of sin, ignorance, and r/?. <error—only if we abide in the liberty

of the gospel of Jesus Christ—are we

free.

How thankful we can be, too, for m&r.

the other freedom we enjoy—the freedom provided us in a land choice FOR FALL BUILDING, PAINTING, REPAIRS

all other lands,above have where we rights.certain inalienable this—for ANY Purpose—Of

land, Lehi spoke:

Wherefore, this land is consecrated untohim whom he shall bring. And if it so be HOME LOANSthat they shall serve him according to the LOW COST BANK RATES

commandments which he hath given, itshall be a land of liberty unto them. (2 SMALL MONTHLY PAYMENTS

Nephi 1:7.)

PLEASANT, SATISFYING, It is our duty to appreciate this liberty, too; to uphold and sustain QUICK SERVICE - AL WA YS!

our government and our constitution.

This is our duty until Christ shall come to take his place as the rightful

Ruler of all the earth. And behold

he cometh quickly!

The perilous times spoken of by the Lord in the verses following the

M.I.A. theme in the Doctrine and ZION'S SAVINGS BANK

areCovenants at hand. In now (md Thuit Ccmtfotuty hasverse 86, he given us the comUtah's First Chartered Savings Bankmandment that will insure our eternal MAIN AT SOUTH TEMPLE

salvation.mandment—letLet ususabidelive inrighteously,this comlove the Lord, pray often, keep our

hands clean, and obey all his comanmandments.

ELECTRIC

Marvin 0. Ashton and the HOME

Understanding Heart FREEZER (Concluded from page 749) censured unless he had a suggestion SAVES YOU TIME or a solution to help.

Marvin O. Ashton was a great AND MONEY! AGAINST

inman, stature, in mind, and in LOSS OR LAW SUITSdeed. was a He loved man who

life, who loved people, both young Be prepared for all emergencies with and old. a wellrounded insurance program.

He will live as a great humaniThewill KolobanalyzeAgentyourin needsyour communityand make tarian; a man of gifts and accomplishrecommendations so you'll be adements. quatelypurpose protected.... backedPoliciesby strongfor everystock

There is one virtue he possessed companies. Over 300 Agents throughthat stands above all the others; it outvada.Utah, Idaho, Montana and Neis not engraved on a marble monument, but it is stamped indelibly on

Buy From Your Dealerthe hearts of the people who knew and loved him, it reads:

Be Thrifty - Marvin O. Ashton Use Electricity FRANK SALISBURY, MGR.

ft LIGHT CO. The man with the understanding UTAH POWfR 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City

heart.

OCTOBER 1953 793 SO GOOD These Times (Concluded from page 734) officials, as we seek security at home and abroad, in the age of fission. After the YOUR ENGINE CAN A-bomb came the hydrogen bomb. The

cobalt bomb may be around the corner, with the power to wipe out a continental mass.

Like all responsible officials, Dr. OUTLAST YOUR CAR

Graves suggests that public opinion faces a parallel task, that of the constant search to live in peace with ourselves,

God, and our world neighbors.

No preoccupation with the effect of radiation from new weapons can substitute for the quest for peace on earth, good will towards men.

And Then, Along Comes a New Generation

(Continued from page 759) years ago The Home for Incurables.

The human wrecks as a result of social disease would have preached to them, as no mere preachment can do, the wisdom of living a clean life.

College and high school coaches know the value of training and the disaster which attends its breaking.

Against subtle and highpriced propaganda for liquor and tobacco both the home and the Church should come vigorously to the aid of the school.

Recently, a great group of youths -AND SINCLAIR from every part of our Church were

atheletic festival and for drama and GUARANTEES IT gathered in Salt Lake City for a dance of It pride to is a matter contests.

report that 7500 outstanding young

ASK ABOUT SINCLAIR'S AMAZING men and women participants are pledged to the nonuse of liquor and 100,000 MILE ANTIWEAR GUARANTEE tobacco. These fine young people

are my best evidence that it pays

SEE YOUR SINCLAIR DEALER to "keep in training."They are the

finest fruits of the Church to which they belong.

tprlefit 'of Upmns Wi lobe 3. quality comof their Check the

u d i n, By Cecilia A. R Margaret M. are they panions know where and

is What popular called inspiring "the tune most hymn to a worldfamous and triumphant in the English language"? The small organ on which it at night.

was composed is a cherished possession of the Old State House in Boston.

A Book to Own, Enjoy and Give I am oldfashioned enough to of Inspired Writing Years 400 Hymn

Gives the interest stories as behind such favorites human "Away in a believe that one rotten apple can

Manger'7'0 "Now the DayGod,is Over"Our HelpandinmanyAgesothers.Past", "Silent Night", "Rock of Ages", still spoil the barrel; and that the

still of father is whistle a devoted Arranged including chronologically to the present day from Luther ifcwasfl ul such beloved writers Bliss Issac Watts, as Wesley, and composers and curfew. the best... home Wholesome Fanny Crosby

Beautifully printed and illustrated, only $1.25 (mailing charge 10c). and neighborhood parties should early

hall. the pool the tavern and Our INC. & JOHN RUDINOrder your copy and a gift supply from your Dealer today or safeguard youth against the lure of COMPANY Publishers of THE is BOOK OF LIFE better challenge to provide recrea1018 S. WABASH AVE. Dent. IE CHICAGO 5, ILL. tion in an uplifting environment. A

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA few community centers are doing the During your attendance at the October Conference, job, but we need more of them. It is we invite you to SEE, HEAR and PLAY the amazing

better economy to build recreation halls than jails and reformatories. HAMMONDFor many years—the largestORGANselling4. Inspire in them a strong faith

in God and stir them to ideals of church organ in the world.

spiritual accomplishment. # Making an acquaintance with the Ham-

"The heavens declare the glory of mond organ will bring

God; and the firmament sheweth his into your life a medium

handywork."(Psalm 19:1.) that will insure lasting

pleasure in listening All about us, we see in our every and playing performexperience the evidence of the ance.

presence of a creator. Nothing is Here is a friend that will

made without the Maker. We see NOT be constantly askit in the candles on our tables as we ing you to "dig into

do when heaven's candles are lighted. your pocket book"to

We should lead our children to help maintain its high catch the spirit of Thornton Wilder standard of appeal.

as he has one of his characters in Attendance at Conference is prompted by a desire to learn

Our Town remind us: the truths that elevate our lives. You can learn the FULL truth

about the Hammond organ during a visit to our store, and enjoy "I don't care what they say with the same lovely music that is heard in the many thousands of installed. Bishoptheir mouths—everybody knows that SeldonchurchesN.andHeapshomeswillwherewelcomeHAMMONDyou to ourorgansstore.are

something is eternal. And it ain't

it ain't it and ain't names,houses and... GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. it stars ain't even theearth, and

everybody knows in their bones that 74 South Main something is eternal, and that somePROVO SALT LAKE CITY OGDEN thing has to do with human beings.

All the greatest people ever lived have been telling us that for five thousand years and yet you'd be surprised how people are always losing hold of it. There's something way Phonograph Records

down deep that's eternal about every human being."(Stage Manager, Act For today's BEST BUYS For the LD.S. Home

III.) in pleasure trips.. THE STORY OF NEPHI

dramatized and adapted use from the Book of Mormon is blessed child comes who That semiflex records Two 12"78 rpm—$3.75

to -<*>- under and Church home know inGREYHOUND'S struction of the divinity which is in JESSIE EVANS SMITH him. "The straight and narrow way"Roy Darley, Accompanist

"Angelic Choir"is still the best Christian path. Vacation with Chorus M.I.A. Youth

Sweet "That Old"Story of it these words: in expressed Paul Solo Planning

the Gardens""In Luxembourg is love, Spirit the "... the fruit of Solo

joy, peace, Ducks Pond""Four On A longsuffering, gentleness, jBervice Solo faith,goodness, 10"semiflex records 78 rpm—$1.16 Two

"Meekness, temperance."each

(Galatians 5:2223.) Ask your Greyhound Agent now

about the dozens of Greyhound KING OF GLORY 5. Set them a good example. tours that take you to America's (HewithThatTabernacleHath Clean ChoirHands)

$1.31 Those of us who are parents realize most beautiful vacationlands. 12'semiflex record 78 rpm—

that children are more impressed by Let Greyhound'sVacation PlanMY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS what we are and do than they are ning Service planjust the trip you Childrendramatizedlove thesetunes19 cleverly

Three 10"records in Album—$1.31by what we say. Ideals seem rather wanttransportation,arrangingspecialforsightseehotels,

to be caught than taught. No doubt ing... all for one tow cost! Or At your dealer or direct from

the Master understood this principle plan your own vacation on—

"... come and follow he said,when

EVERY DAY LOW FARES! RECORDING 19:21.)me."(Matt.

And, then, along comes a new ARTS, INC.

Sf. South 19 Temple West generation. It is a great generation City, Salt Utah Lake GREYHOUND

in the the making. sales tax making is And

orders 1cdays But 6jj uClML UtahAddcustomers35c postageaddfor2 percentall mail small hands. our in no way in

OCTOBER 1953 795 IRIS PARKER s Editorloday

\ l/2 tablespoons salt (about 20 minutes). Combine the two

1 teaspoon (or more) pepper and add the remaining ingredients.

Brown in skillet using any hot fat, Roast Duck

Its a about onehalf cup. When well

browned add a little water to the Pluck and clean ducks. Wash inside

carrot, or either onion, apple in onehalf hours a covered one chopped and aQame"Dinner drippings in the skillet and steam for and out with salt water. Dry. Place duck. followinside the heat. Serve This will absorb the help low with pan at

ing wild rice, which can be used as a some of the wild flavor. Place duck

substitute for potatoes. Incidentally, in roasting pan with strips of salt pork

at Charlottein Norwalk,learnedConnecticut,about wildat therice homeback orpepperbaconand overroast thebetweenbreast.325 Saltand 350and

of the C. E. Hooper's of "Hooperating"F. for one and onehalf hours.

fame, close friends of the McLatchy's. If you prefer to stuff the duck, the

following makes a delightfully differentCharlotte McLatchy]s dressing: Wild Rice with Mushrooms

1 cup brown rice Orange Stuffing

Delicious aromas emanate from the 1 cup wild rice new knotty pine kitchen of Char- 4 tablespoons green pepper, chopped fine 3 cups dry bread cubes toasted lotte McLatchy any time of year. 6 tablespoons celery, chopped fine 2 tablespoons grated orange peel

But as the days get a little shorter 1 fiveounce can mushrooms 2 cups diced celery and the air gets a little crisper, these 1 can bouillon (undiluted) 1 beaten egg smells become even more tantalizing. salt and pepper \ l/2 teaspoons poultry seasoning

hot water cup l/2 season hunting guessedYou it—the rice separately orange pulp (takes the cup brown Cook %is at hand.

rice the minutes) butter 45 about cup wild melted and l/4 B. Charlotte's Frank husband,

McLatchy, KSL radio executive, has hunted and fished in our western:n

mountain retreats for many years.

Naturally his family has acquired a taste for wild food, and Charlotte has learned how to cook it—to perfection. She claims she is not a

"fancy"cook, but friends say that there is an extra zest to any dish she serves. Perhaps it is in the deft

use of seasonings—or the splitsecond

timing so that the food is at its delicious best—or it may be the

charm and warmth with which the hostess offers it—but at any rate, she

is a cook and hostess of note.

Charlotte is famous for good, wholesome family dishes, for party foods, and for original holiday cookery, but we asked her for suggestions about game and accompaniments.

So here are some of her special recipes, gathered over a period of twentyfive years of serving wild game and fowl.

Wild Duck Supreme

Clean and skin several ducks, using the breasts (if desired the legs may be used also). Shake well in a stout

paper bag containing:

1 cup flour—H. Armstrong Roberts photo

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Make Housekeeping Easy with these BOYCO WorkSavers

... no Charlotte McLatchy NO MORE "SCRUBBUCKET"HANDS

i more aching back... no more wringing,

sloshing and stooping with Boyco's Cone salt y2 teaspoon Wringer Bucket. Simply place your mop in the dash of pepper

perforated cone, press down on the handle

Soften in hot of bread water cubes for reand twist slightly as you press. That's all fifteen minutes. about Add

maining ingredients and lightly combine there is to it—no fuss, no bend, no

them. This will stuff about three wild spilled water. And it's made of sturdy

ducks. steel... handdipped hot galvanized

If by any chance you are among those lucky enough to have your hunter to prevent rust.

bring you home some pheasant, Charlotte thinks there is no more delicious way of cooking it than this (a recipe also from the Hoopers in Connecticut)

Pheasant in Cream

Cut the cleaned pheasant into serving pieces. Shake in a paper bag lliliiiilll

containing: - 9

1 cup flour placing a SAVE STEPS handBoyco a by salt tablespoons TIDY when there's STAY ROOMS l l/2

.. incinerator side trash can and by handy. and wastebasket 1 Boyco some teaspoon pepper

you eliminate unnecessary steps empty- m side near the back door. Trash

Brown to golden color on both sides ing dustpans when you sweep, too. And can is corrugated for heavy duty.

for is perforated dustpans Incinerator strong yet lightweight Boyco's fat, butter. preferably'hot cupin!/2 safe burning. quick, thorough, floor, pick up every scrap. hug the

1 tightly cream. and cup CoverAdd

cook slowly for one hour. Serve with

gravy made from drippings.

Tf you have an abundance of veniTAKE TWO PAILS next time you wash furor patio the woodwork, windows son, the McLatchy's recommended that "for rinse niture soapy, one—one for less desirable have* meat ground theyou

into "deerburger."Use two parts veniwater. Boyco's pails are lightweight

son to one part pork. It should be put / yetwithsturdy,freeswingingcompletelyhandles.rustresistant,

through the grinder twice to assure thorough mixing. This makes a most

delectable ground meat, which can be used in a number of ways—as meat loaf,

patties, plain deerburger on buns, or as See Boyco's complete line of longlasting, lowpriced hot dipped galvanized

Deerburger Barbecue, their favorite: household helpers at your local hardware or department store.

Deerburger Barbecue

1 tablespoon butter UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

Y2 cup onions DIVISION 1 pound deerburger UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 2 tablespoons prepared mustard 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

4 tablespoons catsup soup 1 can chicken gumbo S T A ixBm. S T E E I following page) UNITED (Concluded on

OCTOBER 1953 797 IT'S A "GAME"DINNER AT CHARLOTTE MCIATCHY'S

Soak gelatin five minutes in cold (Concluded from preceding page) water. the dry milk and add Warm the Saute onions in butter. the Add ingredients, except sugar. white Cook, the deerburger thoroughly. and cook

stirring constantly. yolks egg and Add remaining ingredients Add and simmer

it continue until cooking is thickened.

fifteen about minutes. Serve toasted on

gelatin. Stir soaked pumpkin Add and

buns. hamburger

until dissolved. fold Cool. in Then If eat at venison you the McLatchys, beaten to whites egg the white which

it is find will that unusually mildFill sugar has pie added. been baked V*v Qtvws as almost delicious and as fad youflavored top with crust and whipped cream and beef. attribute this They in part to

cocoanut. toasted the cocoanut Toast the that or Frank way "Mac"as some

heat and ioudefp over low by placing and in pan of his friends call dresses him, the stirring constantly.

is meat. careful always that the He

animal bleeds immediately and thor- /harlotte McLatchy is remarkable in oughly, then and he promptly removes just as a cook. the musk bags. According to "Mac,"many respects—no!

these little sacs located inside each of She is an outstanding mother of five chilthe two hind legs at the knee joint dren—outstanding because she allows

Ptebbgrfljrt areflavorresponsibleof the meat.for muchIf theyofaretheallowedstrong themand developto thinktheirandownact interestingindependentlyand

to remain on the animal the strong individual personalities.

flavor permeates the whole carcass quite Her home shows the imagination and noticeably. The hair and skin coveroriginality of its mistress. At holiday

are there appropriate times mantel and ing the color bags is a darker musk buffet table decorations that enand area. the than surrounding Locate the

musk bags, then trim away the hide chant family and guests alike. Charin the area and carefully remove the lotte is especially proud of her kitchen.

is an oldfashioned country kitchen faking sacs, which are underneath the skin. It

oldfashioned in that it has warmth this tip general passes Charlotte on and charm and personality—knotty for the oven preparing venison on brick wallpaper, early or pine paneling,

the stew kettle. To tenderize and American furnishings, but upto-theremove some of the wild flavor, soak minute because it includes all the newthe less tender cuts in vinegar salted fangled gadgets one could desire, such

water. Use one tablespoon each salt as a lovely new Thermidor stove with

and vinegar to two pounds of meat. a separate oven built in the wall.

Add water enough to cover the meat. Almost anywhere you go in Salt Lake

Remove the meat from the water, dry, Valley and mention the name "Charand cook then as you would beef. lotte McLatchy"someone is sure to say,

According to Charlotte McLatchy, "She's lovely—and have you heard her

baked potatoes are particularly good latest book review?"Yes, Charlotte is

with wild game and fowl when they equally as famous a book reviewer as a

HULMAN COMPANY butter,are whipped,salt, pepper,seasoneda littlegenerouslyonion, withand viewshostess,-eachpresentingyear. Sheovermajoreda hundredin speechreTERRE HAUTE, INDIANA returned to the shell, covered with at the University of Utah, which qualigrated cheese, and reheated. Squash, fies her for this art, as does her lovely

cole cabbage slaw, celery, waldorf salad, speaking voice.

pickled beets, and spiced peaches are She has a long and continuous record c/l CEN TURY OF also good game accompaniments. Pumpof service to the Church, having been

kin pie is always a nice way to top off a president of the ward Mutual and on meal of wild fowl, and here is Charthe Relief Society and Primary stake lotte's favorite recipe: boards. At present she teaches theology

in the South Highland Park Ward Relg&\ Pumpkin Chiffon Pie lief Society.

Write for information Even when she is relaxing with on type of organ 1 tablespoon gelatin friends, her hands are seldom idle, for in which you l/2 teaspoon salt she has done numerous pieces of are interested. 3 egg yolks needlepoint and has completed seven

3 egg whites lovely afghans.

l/2 cup white sugar Charlotte has a tremendous love of l/2 cup brown sugar life and would enjoy more business and l/2 cup rich milk outdoor trips with her husband. ButSi PIPE ORGANS l/2 teaspoon nutmeg her home and young

first teaspoon cinnamon concern—and REED ORGANS y2 ginger her teaspoon there—"keepingyou thewill usuallyhome firesfind l/2iJ&ed children are her

l 1/} cups canned pumpkin burning"and the skillet hot for her!4 CUP cld water husband's return from the city or the

ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT. 1 cup whipping cream stream.

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hie finest parf of tta melon 7

Hie finesf parf of fte tuna?

The choice

OCTOBER 1953 799 by Marba C Josephson

I were in my teens again, I am of President McKay after his EuroIf sure that I would make some of pean trip in 1952:

the same choices I did when I was "During that tour the President in my teens—and some of the same delighted all of us by reciting from

mistakes. But through the slow and memory stanza after stanza from The

certain years, I have found some Lady of the Lake and other great things that I would try to do which poems. He made us feel that as

I could carry with me through the visitors in foreign lands, we should entirety of my life. study the history of those countries;

If I were in my teens, I would skate we should learn of their poets and and hike and swim, play tennis, softtheir artists and secure all of the ball, and do all the things that are cultural value that we could from such

BY THE MAKERS OF so much fun doing and almost greater visits."

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS fun remembering. I would feel the President McKay has always folexhilaration of outdoor activity and lowed the admonitions found in the

the thrill from sports. There are Doctrine and Covenants:

other things I would do also—against "... seek ye out of the best booksBetter Bottled Starch that time, which must come to all, words of wisdom; seek learning, even

For Only 10 A Quart! breathwhen theis harderblood toslowscomedownby. andI wouldthe by "Teachstudy andye diligentlyalso by faith.and (88:118.)my grace

Easy to make it yourself at home try to remember at all times that shall attend you, that you may be youth is but the dressing table for instructed more perfectly in theory, in

HOV"eternity, and I would supply my youth principle, in doctrine, in the law of

YOUR *WH BOOKLETFREE 'lastwith methosethroughoutbeauty myaids lifethatherewouldand theuntogospel,the kingdomin all thingsof God,thatthatpertainare

Send name and address to the eternity ahead. expedient for you to understand;

Faultless Starch Co. I would learn to enjoy work. I "Of things both in heaven and in

Kansas City 1, Mo. would know with Carlyle that all the earth, and under the earth; things

true work is sacred. I would want which have been, things which are,

to know that I had contributed somethings which must shortly come to

Free booklet also shows 6 other timething to improve the happiness and pass; things which are at home, things

starching: bettersaving ways to do

starch: everywelfare of my family, friends, neighwhich are abroad; the wars and the 1. Onethickness when

thing needs same thickness. bors, and the community as a whole perplexities of the nations, and the

2. Manythickness starch: make thick by doing my share of the work necesjudgments which are on the land; and

to suit any need. starch—dilute

3. it, starch and sary to make it a better place in which a knowledge also of countries and Cold starch: wash iron dry in minutes. No drying, to live. I would also choose a vocakingdoms—"(Ibid., verses 7879.)

no sprinkling! tion that I might follow throughout If I were in my teens, I would learn

Starchrinse: 4. gets everything if life, necessary. to read, the best only books to choose many Too a my

rinse. light starching as very you

it list find earn necessary to four be the first on their and would women my 5. Starchsprinkle: clothes are dampened, evenly starched at once. own living with inadequate preparastandard Church works: the Bible,

6. Automatic washer tion. But above everything else, I the Doctrine and Covenants, the

starching: starch in would make a serious study of the voBook of Mormon, and the Pearl of cycle. final rinse

Send today to Faultless cation of homemaking. There is no Great Price. I would thus learn for

Starch Co., K.C. 1, Mo. activity that can mean more to the myself what my Church stands for

for your free booklet. world as a whole than that of buildand be able to explain its tenets in-

V Guaranteed by f ing safe, sound, happy homes. telligently to those who might inquire

Good Housekeeping I would learn to read and enjoy of me as to my belief. I would learn

reading. Elder Stayner Richards said from these books their particular and

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

special messages of hope, comfort, and courage for me personally.

I would know the history of nations. In the world which is rapidly

becoming smaller because of the strides communication has taken, I would try to obtain a genuine understanding of other peoples, their customs, hopes, dreams, needs, and disappointments. Within myself I

would come to accept Paul's statement on Mars'hill: "... [God] hath

made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth...."(Acts 17:26.) I would

prepare myself for peace at that time when the Savior should return again to the earth by my genuine love of peoples wherever they might live.

If I were in my teens, my dressing table would carry the ingredients for the entirety of my mortal life and the eternity that I know will come.

Make a goblin fruit face to top off cereal. Easy to make

...delights children. Cherry slices

for eyes, nose, mouth.. peach half for face.

Young 'halloweeners'grow on WHEAT HEARTS This creamy hot cereal... this cereal

with the wonderful toasted wheat germ Contains Wheat Germ goodness... has nourished children

and adults in the West for 4 genera- 1 penny a serving tions. Kids love it, adults by hundreds 3 minutes to cook

-H. Armstrong Roberts photo voted it a 2 to 1 favorite for flavor.

Contains wheat germ. Many doctors

recommend Wheat Hearts because this cereal contains wheat germ—6 times

HANDY HINTS more than whole wheat itself. It helps

promote growth, good appetite, strong for blanket cotton single Use a a quilt bodies. Adults benefit, too. Older folks smoothly It quilts more filling. so much

than cotton or wool batting and will never especially find Wheat Hearts a good VC be lumpy after laundering. Mrs. R. E. L., way to help build up energy and vigor.

Jane, Mo. it Bess Queen every morning. Enjoy WHEAT silverware on box. coupon pattern cover of a cardboard shoebox placed The

in the bottom of a paper shopping bag will afford you protection against wet HEARTSM*!lW,,o.

vegetables or any other moist articles you may put in the bag. Mrs. R. M., San

Francisco, Calif.

To stop a leak that has developed around the plug in a hot water bottle, use a rubber band. Wrap it around the last thread

be remedy top. same may the at The HEARTS WHEAT threads with attachments other to applied TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC. "WHEAT HEARTS'* ARE REGISTERED SPERRY"AND

City, Utah. A., Salt Lake leak. A. Mrs. that

OCTOBER 1953 801 Sanalac Turns Water

into Fortified

nonfat Milk

meets all tests for survival storage programs

Yes, should disaster strike, all you need is water and Sanalac for you and your children to enjoy the freshtasting sweet flavor of dairy fresh milk. Nutritious Sanalac is rich

whole milk, with nothing but the water and fat removed, and can be used for all milk purposes... cooking as well as drinking.

Fortified by 10% Every quart of Sanalac gives you 10% more proteins, B vitamins, calcium and lactose than standard quality fresh whole milk. That's because each quart package

of Sanalac is made from more than 1 quart—H. Armstrong Roberts photo

of milk so, when mixed, you have a quart of extra rich Sanalac.

you're a city or a counheated back porch cannot be used forPremeasured—Easiest to Mix Whether

Don't confuse Sanalac with ordinary try dweller, you'll be wise to constorage of most fruits or vegetables in milks.powdered It's granulated

secondssolves in 3 as easily as.. frozen. dissider the possibility of providing freezing weather, and the locker is

orange juice! Always in handy prestorage for the plentiful supply of likely to be too warm for most produce

measured quart packages. vegetables and fruits now available. which it may seem desirable to store.

Ideal for Storage Programs It will be a measure of economy and However, any kind of fruits or vegeSanalac NonFat Dry Milk needs no reof convenience. If you have a garden tables available in the fall can be

frigeration. It's packaged for long term of your own, it will be a means of held on a back porch or in a garage

foilstorage in moistureproof envelopes than can be safely stored at least a year prolonging the delight of eating for a few weeks; the chief limitations

or even longer if kept cool and dry. "your own"produce. Nongardeners to such storage are those of space and

Featured at Leading Grocers will benefit from largescale, ecothe necessity of accumulating only

You can get Sanalac NonFat Dry Milk in nomical purchases of superior quality such quantities as can be used before both the 3-qt. package and the economical fresh fruits and vegetables during freezing weather begins, if there is no

10qt. Family Pack. Most grocers cooperating in the storage allow greater harvest season. For both, there is place where they can be stored afterprogram

savings on case purchases. the convenience of avoiding that trip ward.

Make Money with Sanalac to the grocery store every time you If you are planning to build or of or a a bag cabbage need head raising are for fundsIf you chapels, ward to inwish your of remodel and home welfare, etc., scouts, contact Burton potatoes. enjoy family your Too, may facilities for vegetables storage clude forBrokerage details complete Company meals varied nutrition better more andof the Sanalac Plan. to Group to Easy or provide wish way and fruits, if you

storage wellplanned for your club rightmake because home money away and efficient than something your morecontinue additional to add funds month of variety a greater will provide several there are garage, basement orafter month!

Write for additional information, or confruits and vegetables throughout the types of storage to consider, accordtact our representative. year. And last but not least, you ing to Dr. E. Milton Andersen, exwill be in direct compliance with tension horticulturist at the Utah

Burton Brokerage Company the counsel of our Church leaders State Agricultural College.

Room 1101, 1st Security Bank Bldg. who advise us to have a year's supply

P. O. Box 1030, Ogden, Utah of essential foodstuffs in reserve. Aboveground storage in a wellHome storage of vegetables and insulated room or separate building

fruits for prolonged periods by resinear the back porch or kitchen door dents of cities and towns is sometimes is a desirable type of storage. There Sanalac NONFAT DRY MILK difficult and frequently is impossible. must be windows for ventilation;

for walls along the and shelves canned living family in an apartment A to Dissolve Granulated floor for fresh the and bins on for storage space only goods have may in seconds a back porch or a locker room in the crops make for convenience in storSANNA DAIRIES, Madison, Wise. basement of a building. The uning. This type of storage is suitable

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

for most vegetables and canned products.

Basementtype storage usually consists of an insulated room in the basement of a home. When a furnace is in the basement, the storageroom must be well insulated on all fowhp Strong

walls and ceiling as well as the floor.

An outside window or ventilator is essential. A portable false floor over

the concrete will allow for cleaningand sprinkling of water on the floor WITH to keep the air moist. Root cropscan be stored in the bins and canned PIBNTV

goods on the shelves. Moistened OF

-K-K****** MILKIMPROVED KITCHEN SPRITE TABLE QUEEN BREAD

By Elizabeth Travis Martin

In a pinafore quite As ruffled and white As crisp curtains, she goes With her impudent nose Crinkling up to learn all These good smells that enthrall.

Freckles accent her face Like the sprinkling of mace,, While each plaidribbon- ed braid Has the smoothness and shade Of pulled taffy. Blue eyes

Are alight with surprise

At this colorful land Within reach of her hand;

And her red sandaled feet Twirl and skip at the treat.

Kitchens need little girls Enriched with

Full of questions and whirls! Vitamins and Iron

-X-X->:-K**--X-K

rags, paper, sand, sawdust, or leaves placed on top of the root crops help to prevent wilting.

In areas where winters are fairly severe, storagein-therow is suitable only for parsnips and celery. It consists of placing straw over the vegetables in the row where grown and

covering with straw or soil.

Mound or pit storage is suitable for storage of all root crops, potatoes, and cabbage and can be built in almost any garden. Vegetables are placed on straw

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1953 803.

the Frost is on STRAIGHT "A"BREAKFASTS the"WhenPunfcin"

(Continued from preceding page) FOR BACK TO SCHOOL or leaves in a coneshaped pile and

AKTREPOCARD moundcovered is withthen coveredstraw andwith soil.soil exceptThe

[1-Q -Wheat Breakfast Cereal forfor ventilationa space on untiltop whichcold weatheris left openbegins. As colder weather comes, more

is or added. storage in banks For Wheat Flakesj soil 3ll-0-Wheat Rolled pits, select location, welldrained a

make a shallow excavation about six lAlll-O -Wheat Pancake Flour inches deep, line it with straw, hay, leaves, or similar material, and place the root vegetables in a conical pile on the lining. Cover the roots with

All-O-Wheat is the straight "A"the 'same material as that used for hreakfast for hack to school days. lining the bottom of the pit and

For All-O-Wheat cereals contain carry it up several inches above the powerpacked vitamins and minerals apex of the pile of vegetables, having complete in their natural state. it extend through the dirt covering.

So for all -day energy and alertness... This serves as a ventilating flue, and

that's rich flavor a golden and... try different All-O-Wheat. it should be covered with a piece of deliciously

sheet metal or a short board as a

Pick up a package today at your grocers. protection from rain. The dirt covering should be two or three inches

it should be increased as severely ALL-O-WHEAT CEREAL CO. thickand when the vegetables are stored,

OGDEN, UTAH cold weather approaches until it is a foot or more in thickness. A shallow trench should be dug around

the storage pit, as an outlet for carLet us help you.. rying off promptly any water that

BRING YOUR RELATIVES, collects. Supplement the dirt coverFRIENDS from EUROPE ing with straw, corn fodder, or other

Bring your families by air protecting material. Use several

or sea and let us worry about small pits instead of one large one, as the red tape. We can assist vegetables keep better in small pits

the necessary you with all of book all and the entire contents may be reand arrangements transportation. moved when the pit is opened.

Call or write today for all details: Potatoes, no doubt our most staple

UNIVERSAL vegetablein the storagefor roomstorage,in themaybasement,be kept

TRAVEL SERVICE, INC. in outdoor storage cellars, and in

Temple Square Hotel SALT LAKE CITY pits or banks. When stored in abovePhone 5-5924 ground storage rooms or in the insulated storage room in the basement,

the potatoes may be put into baskets or bins or on the floor, but they must be protected from the light. They NOTICE may be kept six months or more at a

WE SPECIALIZE IN OLD AND temperature of 32 to 40 F. The

L.D.S. PUBLIOF PRINT OUT

DEchief difficulty in storing potatoes and ARE IF YOU CATIONS

SIROUS OF OBTAINING OR other vegetables and fruits in the

SELLING. PLEASE SUBMIT basement of a town or city house is

YOUR LISTS TO... that the basement usually contains a

Kenmore Portable furnace.temperatureThisduringmeansthe storagethatperiodthe ZiON'S BOOKSTORE (50 to 60 F. or even higher) is too

East 2nd South 65 for of storage high prolonged mostSEWING CITY LAKE MACHINE SALT 1, UTAHRegardless of price... air is produce so that the dry and

can't better.you buy

excessive shriveling Phone 4-3465 that—oilingNever needs occur may 14995darns or at mends unless precautions to are taken preflick of switch. Easy Terms Buy on Sears

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vent it. However, potatoes may be

kept up to six weeks, even in a heated basement. They are actually of better quality for current home use if

stored at a temperature of 50 to 60

F. than if stored at 32 to 40. At

the higher temperatures, which are not suitable for longtime storage, potatoes are in no danger of acquiring an undesirable sweetness that develops at temperatures below 36, and they cook better.

If carrots, beets, rutabaga, and other root crops are to be held in the storage room in the basement or in an outdoor storage cellar, they should be placed in ventilated barrels or Completes 40 years of prizewinning cookery loose boxes, or better still, in crates.

If sufficient space is available in the

it iscellar, a good plan simply to Busy Mother Has Won Over 400 Cooking Awards in piles smallplace them along the wall. Storage in large piles should Mrs. Rubie E. Holbrook of Layton, Prizewinning cooks prefer Fleischbe avoided, as it is liable to cause Utah, sorts some of the awards she mann's Active Dry Yeast—out ofheating and decay. has won in cooking competitions—5000 winners surveyed, 97% like

Turnips and cabbage should be they total over 400! Just last fall Fleischmann's best. It's so much

stored separately if possible, in pits, she took top honors at the Utah handier than oldstyle cake yeast for shelf. State Fair Fair. keeps pantry on the months and Davis County

banks, or an outdoor storage cellar, rises fast! gives Mrs. a lot of credit Holbrook Always you when Now

as they give off odors that penetrate for her success to Fleischmann's bake at home, it's convenient to use through the house when stored in Active Dry Yeast. "It rises fast yeast. But use the best—look for the

the basement of the dwelling. every time,"she says. "And it's so label and get Fleischmann's Active

If exposed to the temperatures easy to use!"Dry Yeast.

usually found in a heated basement, root crops cannot be expected to keep satisfactorily for more than three or four weeks. Shriveling is likely to gritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH

be severe, especially in turnips, carrots, and beets, but this can be prevented to some extent by storing them FRITOS CHILI PIE in tightlidded boxes or bins and oz. 4 bag FRITOSplacing moistened or rags in- 2 paper

1 can Chili 2 No.

side the containers, or storing by 1 cup Grated the roots in damp sand or soil. Care 1 medium Onion (FinelyCheese Chopped)

should be taken not to have this material kept too wet; otherwise Directions:

serious decay is almost sure to result. Arrange above ingredients in layers in

Pumpkins and squashes keep well casserole, topping with generous layer FRIin warmer, drier conditions than most TOS. Bake in moderate oven 30 minutes. Serve

vegetables. They may be stored for with FRITOS.

winter use in the storage room in the basement, in dry, wellventilated cellars, or even in the basement near A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT!

the furnace. Put them in rows on

shelves that o they are not in conEarn Extra Money T*tact with each other. If the temperature is maintained at 50 to 60 F., SellForQuality,YourselfAlloccasionor Organizationand Christmas Cards PIKES PEAR

latematuring varieties of these vegeinSendyournowsparefor Freetime.PriceMakeList. up to 50% protit. FLOURtables will late in keep until the QUALITY SALES COMPANY

winter. 1344 'BOX curing at 80 FOUR OGDEN, UTAH With A preliminary

to 85 for about two weeks helps Extra Baking to ripen immature specimens and to Advantages heal mechanical injuries produced during harvesting. SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

Onions also keep well under the OtCCMUHt 425 West 5th South higher, drier conditions favorable to SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. Salt Lake City, Utah

(Continued on following page) 248 So. Main St.. Salt Lake City Dial 3-1031

OCTOBER 1953 805 "When the Frost is on

the Punkin"

{Continued from preceding page) squashes and pumpkins. Onions must

be mature and kept thoroughly dry.

Put them in ventilated barrels, baskets, crates, or loosely woven bags, as good ventilation is essential. A dry,

wellventilated place furnishes a good storage space for onions, as slight freezing does not injure them provided they are not handled while frozen.

Parsnips may be left in the ground to be dug as needed, for freezing does not injure them. They actually improve in flavor after being kept near

freezing for a few weeks. However,

as it is a difficult matter to dig them when the ground is frozen hard, Dr.

E. Milton Andersen suggests that the

rows be covered with a light layer of straw. Too, you may wish to

store a small quantity in the storage room in the basement of the dwelling or in the outdoor storage cellar for use when it is difficult to remove the parsnips from the row. Parsnips

may be stored also in the same manner as other root crops.

Celery may be stored for a time "inthe-row"by placing enough earth around the base of the plants to hold them in good form. Allow Yes, for thousands of Improvement Era

readers, postum has long been "one of them to remain in this condition until the family."With its wonderful, hearty just before severe freezing occurs;

flavor, caffeinfree postum truly belongs then bank the earth up to the very whenever the family gets together. So why tops of the plants, almost covering

not take delicious instant postum into them, and as the weather becomes your family? Get a jar from your grocer colder cover the ridge with straw or

today—you'll be glad you did! corn fodder held in place by means

of stakes or boards. The celery may

Contains no caffein be removed as needed, but with this or any other drug method there is the objection that it is hard to get the celery out when the ground is frozen. Celery may also

be stored in a trench or on the floor of an insulated storage room in the basement of a dwelling or in an outFOR HEADQUARTERS L.D.S. 1

Your Bookdealer now has. IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA | door storage cellar. Take up the A

plants just before freezing occurs, with

YE REST KINGS MOTEL considerable earth adhering, and set 526 5TH STREET SOUTH Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner them on the floor with the roots Gospel Edgar H. Foutz, Manager packed together as closely as possible.

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout If moderately moist, the celery will keep well under the conditions found Ideals in most storage cellars. Celery

Selections from in the not be stored same the DRINK should of Discourses it cellar as as turnips or cabbage,

PRESIDENT will absorb the odor of these vegeDAVID O. McKAY ficq A delightful tables, and its flavor will be ruined.

hot beverage for those Ideal for Christmms Giving who don't drink coffee. Tomatoes, both ripe fruit and maAT YOUR GROCERS ture green fruit, should have cool, dry

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA storage (50 to 60 F.) as should You can still enroll for a full course

pumpkins and onions. The fruit will

keep better if wrapped individuallyin paper—wax, tissue, or even squares FALL QUARTER

of old magazines or newspapers. Dr.

Andersen suggests that when the first at L.D.S. Business College

hard frost is expected, all the fruit Learn more and earn more!

should be picked, that is, all that is mature, though green. Then sort NEW CLASSES:

it according to degree of ripeness, IBM Key Punch Machine HySpeed Longhand and wrap and store. The tomatoes IBM Bank Proof Machine Typing (electric, too)

should be examined occasionally to Gregg Shorthand, Simplified Accountingremove any overripe or decayed fruit.

Late maturing varieties of apples # and many, many others and pears may be kept in a storage Enroll at your CHURCH SCHOOL today!

room in the basement of a dwelling, At L.D.S. you'll find a friendly student body... helpful faculty...

in outdoor cellars, or in pits or banks. an outstanding job placement bureau. Write today. We'll help outThe length of the storage period will oftown students find living accommodations.

vary with the variety, the temperature of the storage space, and the degree of maturity of the fruit when stored.

Ripe fruits will not keep as well as Branch of Brigham Young University fruits that are mature but firm. Fall 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CiTY

and winter varieties of apples and pears can be kept in a heated basement for a month to possibly six weeks, depending on the variety.

Barrels or boxes make the best containers and occasional inspection of the fruit is advisable to forestall development of serious decay.

A good quality vegetable or fruit, free from cuts or bruises, should be selected for storage. Allowing the

vegetables to dry thoroughly before putting in storage will heal many small cuts. On such root crops as aBaaaffl

beets, carrots, rutabaga, and turnips, all Immigrants New! Revised! Enlarged!tops should be cut as close to the IMPORTANTand friends of thefor Germanspeaking

crown as possible without cutting the countries. We offer you: SAM BRANNAN

Germanskin. Stems may or may not be left Phonographs and Records and the German Babybuggles

on pumpkins and squash. The imHandknitted Babywear imported from Gerportant thing is to avoid bruising Churchmany Publication "DER STERN"CALIFORNIA

these vegetables. Cabbage and Periodicals:tricrte, LoreRomane,Constanze, Stern,DeutschelllustriertelllusMORMONS

celery are best stored with roots atPoste, Das Beste aus Readers Digest, etc. by Paul Bailey Delicatesses

to East and Westtached. Gift Parcels zones it Bookstores...

catalog complete for Write Further information regarding storto $4.00

age of fresh fruits and vegetables may SALT LAKE IMPORT CO. or Direct

Salt Lake City, Utah 1st North, 138 West ORDER TODAY! obtainedbe from your local county

Ernst, Justus Manager Angeles 41, Calif. Westernlore—Box 41073, Los office extensionagent the or from

at your state college. Two bulletins

in Storageavailable Utah, "Home HOTEL the LANKERSHIM 1 KNOW Version) (KingBIBLE James 7th & of Storage BROADWAYfor Utah,"and "Home Scriptural Contains Thousand Passages One

Biblical the Confirming Proof Truth of and WITH BATH Fruits,"2 from ROOMS whichVegetables and "Mormonism."Single $5.00 $3.50 From—Edit. Plastic $1.00, Cloth Double 5th Pages $2.00 - 272 - article this for material of themuch Supper Dining and Rooms direct the Publisher from Postpaid Compiler New &

detailed contain obtained,was inforIN BENJAMIN ALWARD THE VERY HEART OF

Salt 148 First Ave. Lake City 3, Utah varieties for storage, as to bestmation LOS ANGELES

harvesting fruits and vegetables for storage, and building different types J>Liibrea'kableto look like glass.... mouldedLightnoise free. Eeoweight,of home storages. POP SOME FOR HALLOWEEN

height. noinieal. Standard

dealer. your from Order State Extension iUtah Bulletin N.S. No. 148, TASTY!i P0PPIN! SB 167 SURE E. Dr. Extension Horticulturist, Andersen, Milton OFFER SPECIALby

Doz. $1.25 Pollard, Dr. Leonard Vegetableand H. Head, Crops lot trial SI. 00 Mail of for State AgriculturalDepartment, College. Utah

, postpaid. sent dozen one of S. Agriculture Farmers'Bulletin Department 2U. pop

Beattie 1939, byNo. James H. and Rose Dean H. Mass. St., 14, Boston Sudbury 55 m? GOODS'CO. BRASS of S.of Agriculture. the Department U. 1IME

OCTOBER 1953 807 Your Page amiiB

L. D. S. GROUP ABOARD THE USS MANCHESTER

"I'm writing at this time in hopes that you might print the enclosed picture of the L. D. S.

Group on board the U. S. S. Manchester, the first

group that this vessel has had on board, and we were very fortunate to obtain permission to hold our services. The picture was taken at Yokosuka,

Japan,"reports Richard W. McAllister.

From left to right, first row: Donald R. Packer,

Tremonton, Utah; Melvin J. Brown, Buhl, Idaho,

who serves as first counselor; LaMar T. Lutz,

Blackfoot, Idaho; Henry P. Mock, Salt Lake City,

Utah; Kenneth C. Charlesworth, Ogden, Utah.

Second row: Ronald J. Rassmussen, Salt Lake

City; Oleen C. Garn, Garland, Utah, who serves

as second counselor; Norman C. Carlsen, Los

Angeles, California, secretary; Bruce H. Mock,

Salt Lake City; Ralph D. Bohn, Beaver, Utah;

Richard W. McAllister, Salt Lake City, group

leader.

Absent at the time this picture was taken were: Lyle E. Davies, Raymond L. Hedberg,

Rosel B. Hunter, Walter L. Johnson, Jr., Gary

R. Lewis, Afton D. Olsen, Raymond L. Pedersen,

Jr., Franklin R. Peterson, Robert E. Robbins,

William M. Sessions, Lawrence D. Sabin, Durwand K. Bagley, Norris C. Brace.

MIA MAIDS HOLD FORMAL ROSE TYING IN KOLOB STAKE

Kolob Stake, First Ward Mia Maids held their formal rose tying Tuesday evening, March 31, 1953, under the direction of their leaders, Mrs.

Edna Graves and Mrs. Nellie Bertelsen, with

M.I.A. officers and members of the bishopric in

attendance. Front row, left to right; Marilyn

Thrope, Jonene Fullmer, Joyce Hatfield, LaRae

Phillips, Marilyn Burrows, Colleen Mason. Back

row, left to right: Mary Jane Martinez, Roma

Singleton, Louise Lessard, Geniel Felix, Mary

Ann Childs, Nellie Bertelsen, leader; Florence

Boyer, Y.W.M.I.A. president; Edna Graves, leader;

Shirley Bramall, Carma Jean Hold, Anita Richmond, Carla Dean Barney, Darla Dallin. Parents

of the girls were also in attendance.

L. D. S. GROUP IN KODIAK, ALASKA

In less than a year the L. D. S. group in Kodiak, Alaska, has grown from six members to its present strength of sixty. The average attendance at meetings is thirty or more. The membership there has not only grown in numbers, but in the strength that comes

by working together and in studying the work of the Lord. Reported by Mrs. J. W. Morris.

r"*r>*&Lr rfc.9k.. Jl

Making a jack-o'-lantern fo be one of life's longrem iences. In addition to sharing

things of life, the father also children the reasonable assurance o ingup years free from financial

You can give your children this as easily and immediately with the your friendly Beneficial Life In:

representative.