VfSJK*-,"*'*'*''? "'',

% i

'iSM'j

NANCY FROST GOT GREASE ON HER

NEW SUIT FROM OUR CAR DOOR!

SHELLUBRICATION is toBesides all these special Shell day's sure way to keep your safeguards, there's the exclusive car in perfect lubrication order. diagrammatic Shellubrication reWith every point serviced exactceipt—which is your personal

ly as its manufacturer intended. record of all work done.

Your Shell dealer carefully folLearn what Shellubrication lows a detailed chart of your means for your car. See your

make and model. Thits he can neighborhood Shell dealer today,

actually guarantee you errorSHBUUBRICATION proof lubrication. "EXTRAS"... FREEI

And from his line of sixteen Upholstery vacuumed or brushed out

Shellubrication oils and greases,.,. tires and running board rubber

he applies the correct lubricant dressed... body squeaks silenced,,

to each part. That means you get lights checked... lenses cleaned..,

troublefree operation over a body wiped off,,, windows polished longer period of time*... chromium shined! It's all feel

BANKS OF THE

First Security Corporation SYSTEM xhind GREETINGS

To all of our loyal customers and friends we send best wishes for a Happy and Prosperous New Year*

i=!

FffiST NATIONAL BANK FffiST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO

Salt Lake City Branches at Boise, Pocatello, Blackfoot, Emmett,

Branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele Gooding, Hailey, Idaho Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home, Nampa, Payette, Pres- = ton, Shoshone

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH

National Association Branches at Ogden, Provo, Logan, Bingham, FIRST SECURITY TRUST COMPANY

Magna, Richmond, Park City Salt Lake City

FffiST SECURITY BANK Rock Springs, Wyo.

Members of FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION (OojuL Jinow—

What the First Presidency have em-/ImprooementEra phasized in their annual greet- "The Glory of God is Intelligence'ing? Page 6

JANUARY, 1938 Heber J. Grant, What is being said about the MorVOLUME 41 NUMBER 1 John A. Widtsoe,Editors guages?mons in Europe in eightPagelan33

Richard L. Evans,

Managing THE VOICE CHURCH'OF 7HE novel our of our people, new Editor What Josephson, Marba C times in begins our and youth Editor AssociateOFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE the February Era? Page 4 Morris. George General Q. Mat ASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT DEPARTMUTUAL Cannon, Associate G. Mgr. EDUCATION. MUSIC OF COMMITTEE,MENT WARD Lucy

, Business Orton ]. K. Mgr.TEACHERS, OF AGENCIES OTHER THE AND CHURCH a his minister says of Welsh What JESUS OF CHRIST SAINTS. LATTERDAYOF

visit to Utah? Page 4

JablsL jO Qonisinibu Whatagriculturerelationshipand Churchthere is security?between Page 8

(JuuAck. JsucdbuUisiL, Who Clement of Rome was and what

Greetings of the First Presidency 6 he wrote? Page 10

Agriculture and the Church Security Program the system seminary Church its status legal organized, was what A New Institution in Religious Education..Joseph--- - John A.FWidtsoeMerrill 128 When its success? has been what is, and

The Church in Education Franklin L* West 13 Pages 1215

An Indian Brother Speaks -- Rufus K. Hardy 18

The Story o Our Hymns George D. Pyper 24 What Indian community is warmly

The Gospel Goes to the Lamanites receiving the stake missionaries?

- -Vaughn Green and Carl H, Jacob 26 Page 18

Press, Radio, and "Mormonism"in Canada, 3; Word from

a Minister in North Wales, 4; Our Trip to the Inland MounWhere Captain Eyston credits his

tains, Kamaile Fieldgrove, 20; A Missionary on the "Mat,"success? Page 19

}. Marsden Williams, 29; European Press Clippings, 33;

The Church Moves On, 34; Priesthood: Melchizedek, 38; How the activities of the SpanishAaronic, 41; Ward Teaching, 43; What the "World's Safest American Mission are looked upSmith—ADriver"SaysTribute,AboutClarissaSmokeA.andBeesley,Drink,44;42;MutualLucy Messages:Woodruff on by the Indians? Page 26

Executives, 45; Adults, 46; Seniors, 47; M Men, 48; Gleaners, Why Australia celebrates? Page 28

49; Explorers, 49; Juniors, 50; Scouts, 50; BeeHive Girls, 50;

Field Photos: 46, 47, 48. What missionary is a welterweight

wrestling champion? Page 29

SpsudoL JsjodtuMA.

What life is found at the North The Protestors of Christendom—L Clement of Rome Pole? Page 31

--- James L. Barker 10

When Eyston Traveled Faster than Any Man on Land Who the new assistant conductor of

David H, Mann 19 the Tabernacle Choir is?.... Page 34

When Youth Goes to Church Katie C. Jensen 22 How buttons can be made from walAustralia Celebrates Thomas D. Rees 28 nut shells in any home? Page 36

A Ticker by the Name of Time, Jack Sears, 3; Exploring the

Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 31; On the Book Rack, 35; What general instructions are being

Homing: Make Your Own Buttons, Margaret C. Moloney, released to the Priesthood of the

36; Here's How, 37; Some Facts on Poultry Hatching, 57; Church? Pages 3841

Your Page and Ours, 64.

What Ab Jenkins says about todiiifwaldu bacco and drink? Page 42

Jubilee of the Senior L. D. S. Seminaries..John A. Widtsoe 32

The European Press on "Mormonism"Richard L* Evans 32 EXECUTIVEOFFICES;AND EDITORIAL

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake

JidJxm, finsdAi, QhoMJUoifuL fiutsL Copyright 1938, hi;City,the UtahYoung Men's Mutual

SaintsChurch Jesus Christ of of Lattet'dai;

price, rights Subscription The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R. Lyman 16 AllImprovement Association Corporation of the reserved. Let Eve Equal X Estelle Webb Thomas 21 a year, in advance: 20c Single Copy. $2.00

at Office, City, Salt Entered the Post Lake but the Brave None Mabel Harmer 25 as matter. secondclass for Acceptance Utah,

Frontispiece: What Are You Bringing, Estelle Webb at special rate mailing of postage provided

Thomas, 5; Poetry Page, 30; Age, Louise Linnae, 35; Scripfor in section 1103, Act of October, 1917,

tural Crossword Puzzle, 62. authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible

tributions. All manuscripts accompanied must be

sufficient return. postage for deliveryJhsL QdvsUi. forby unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conand

WINTER skies, mountain snows, ski tracks, and a tall pine on the horizon tell a dramatic story of the season when nature rests and replenishes her reserves, and when man, more thoughtful, still enjoys the outof-doors and the handiwork of A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY our Father, the Creator.

The photograph from which this cover was designed is by John R. Talmage. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

jBY THE NAME of jjj See the

SEARS By JACK IlBeautifulNew Nationally Known lustrator and Cartoonist and a member of the Faculty, Department of Art, University of Utah. 1938

TThe Avon family on that Tuesday everybody rushed around as sysMODELS as a chicken hops around morning were disorganized—in tematically

fact, the Avon family were always with its head off. At our showrooms now!

disorganized, especially in the mornAll of the Avon family were ing. This morning, Ralph was rushcross, and of course they were not

ing to get to school. Mr. Avon, complimentary to one another.

wearing a daub of soot on his nose, When they all dashed out of the was anxious to get to work. Mrs. house, it looked like a hurdle race.

Avon had a 9 a. m. appointment This morning, the family had imwith her dentist and Edith must get proved in one respect; instead of

to junior high school. all four of them coming back to the

Have you guessed the disturber house to pick up or get something of this family every morning? A forgotten or left behind in their

"ticker"by the name of TIME scramble to get away, only three fifteen minutes of time. Instead of out of the four came back; but as

the family's getting up at 6:45 a. m., Mr. Avon came back twice that

they stayed abed until seven o'clock, just about evened up the family more often 7:15 a. m., and then average!

jond.PRESS, RADIO,

jbLC'onadcLMORMONISM"By OWEN J. COOK Of the Canadian Mission

A FEW months ago, President Abel ronto, three times in the famous

S. Rich organized a goodwill Chateau Laurier, and many times

quartet in the Canadian Mission, before service clubs.

and it has been doing work similar to that in other missions, but this is As sudden as the change in radio the break policies, has come first timethe Canadian in modern in press HS HO in soliciting year ago, One facilities thathistory have barriers. working

been open to them. Now we find news space in the Toronto Star, the

new opportunities being offered on writer was refused because of the every hand. prevalent prejudice against Morvisit Dr. of a recent monism. On quartet The goodwill. the beautiful ever than Merrill, F. R. Rev. refrigerator.. 1938 brings Gas E. Finernew the Josephaudience on Station CKLW,first found

exclusive advantages: you these feature- a wellknown Knowles, StationGoodwill at Windsor, Ontario. Since then, the capital city writer on the same paper, lauded Permanent Silence

of Ottawa has heard their harmony the Mormons in a wellwritten arNo Moving Parts and lauded it. The Kiwanis Club ticle. Greater Savings

their programsponsored and broadcolumnists other Canadian Two a host—plus

that ences makeof it mddetntruly thisconveniyear's thecast it over Canadian the same. Ross Radio have done Mason

refrigerator. finest

Station, Dr.Commission of the Canada's V/indsor Star, CRCO.

F. Merrill presented on leading newspaper, has givenJoseph was freeComeits big.in exclusiveand get theadvantages.whole storyLibof

the same program. At Toronto, the ly of his time and talents to see that eral terms.

capital of Ontario, the quartet won people are given a proper conception beliefs of Contest, of the practicesRaymer's Sacred Music and MOUNTAIN FUEL title of Cross, Austin a coland the consequent "ToronMormonism.

to's Finest Sacred Music Quartet."umnist on the Ottawa Citizen, has SUPPLY COMPANY

Other appearances have been defended Mormonism against the 36 So. State Salt Lake City

sponsored until the quartet has been ministers and citizens who would Serving 21 Utah Communities presented twice over the largest discount the worth of hardworking radio station in Canada, CFRB, Toand Godfearing people.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.jitiiiiiiii I Ill iiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiitiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiip. /;

WBeckonmg Road:

'T'his is the title of a new novel by

Dorothy Clapp Robinson which I electricity! begins in next month's issue of Thz

Improvement Era. It is a poignant

Liu duiafL iyL tPuL generation,story of the problemsin our ofland,youthamongin our our people. Marriage beckons—but

financial insecurity says "no."Principles are highly regarded—but

other less certain but momentarily mavsl! moreus offattractivethe chartedvaluescourse.may beckonThis

timely story by one of our own writers has to recommend it all of the elements of good love fiction—plot,

interest, dramatic situations, wellportrayed characters—and whatever

message! Beckoning Read Roads, UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. else it takes. Then, too, it has a beginning in the February Era.

HiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiMiiT iiiiiiiiniiiiiniiiMMiiiiiiiiiininiiiMiiiiiniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii MiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiMiiiiiiiiiii From a Minister of North Wales

A PROMINENT minister, Reverend

John Pritchard. M.A., D.D., of

Llanberis, North Wales, was here one day during Covered Wagon The Security of Zion"Days on July 21, and was shown the city [Salt Lake] and also witAround this theme, "The Security of Zion,"will be centered the nessed the performance of the Creavaried activities of the Seventeenth Annual Leadership Week. tion as given on the grounds of the

There will be inspiring general assemblies addressed by leaders State Capitol on the night of July 21.

of Church and State; more than a score of short courses for assistAfter returning to his homeland he

ance of community leaders in religious, civic, and social activities; wrote a letter to Mr. John James

cultural entertainments such as concerts and dramas. You are from which the following excerpts

are taken invited to attend.

Llanberis, Caernarvonshire, No. Wales.

Mr. James: at last having an opportunity to LEADERSHIP WEEK DearI am 6th October, 1937.

January 2428 send you a word or two of greeting, full of hopes that you and your family are enjoying good health and happiness. I

regret that I have no time today to express at length my appreciation of the kindness extended to me by you and your young this friend, Ashton. But Mr. Wendell UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG

letter will that assure not for- I have you Provo, Utah city, gotten beautiful clean and your and the happy time I was privileged to spend there.

The day at Salt Lake City was one of the fullest, brightest, and most interesting days that I spent in crossing and recrossing

AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO. America.sions, in privateI have andalreadypublic,had tomanyextoloccatiife

Seventh Floor McCornick Building SALT LAZE CITY. UTAH truegovernmentreligion, ofwhichyourI city,witnessedand theon alltokenshands.of

The literature, which I obtained at the

Bureau of Information, has proved very

Purchasers of serviceable, full of interesting and edifying

Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore facts.My time, however, was too short to be

Address follows: correspondence and Smelter Products ableyour tovariousappreciateinstitutions.the valueI shouldand serviceso muchof as

American Smelting Consign all ore shipments to: like,your hadUniversitytime permitted,buildings, toandhavelearnenteredin detail of its service. past and present

please Will kind regards you & Refining Co. AmericanShip Lead SmeltingOres to Murrayand RefiningPlant, Murray.CompanyUtah accept my

700 McCornick Ship Copper and Silicious Ores to Garfield Plant, on behalf of yourself and your family, and

Building Garfield. Utah convey them Yoursalso toveryMr. sincerely,Ashton.

(Signed) J. Pritchard.

"The Improvement Era"Advertisers Merit Your Patronage.

WHAT ARE YOU BRINGING?

INeW year, what are you bringing?

Laughter, feasting, and singing,

Or pain and sorrows

In those tomorrows

With which through space you are

winging?

Bringing joy, so be you can spare it;

Gladly, aye, gladly, HI share it;

But if it be trouble.

Then load your pack double

And bring me the courage to bear it!

By ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS i

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY f

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

SATISFACTION and thanksgiving for of music, and the declaration or voices have united WITHachievements of the past year, we join the in heralding anew the angelic message "on earth

Christian world in another Yuletide peace, good will toward men."

celebration. so, In however, doing we historic that of occasion the as on However,

sincere the that express with hope commemoration trial, ages, beheld the have so through men Him i birth as of Christ's connoted, there never before, be reject different viewpoints. Some, Him from who

life significance of teachings the the of the and in rabble, His see as did and the as venomously Him

Galilee. of Man Christian system moral disciples of "inventors a

"Behold the man!"said Pontius Pilate, Roman that has undermined and sapped the vigor of the

governor of Judea, as Jesus, platted with a crown modern European world."Others with clearer inof thorns and mockingly bedecked with a purple sight, begotten by experience, behold Him as the

robe, stood before the mob who cried, "Crucify originator of a system that "promotes industry, him, crucify him!"honesty, truth, purity, and kindness; that upholds

is liberty, essential to it, and favors would bigotry, jealousy, the law, ignorance, Blinded and by in unite brotherhood,"great one men in the only a malecondemned saw man crowd traditional violator factor, perfect character of law, as the "one a a blasphemer; behold Him Many

one whom they madly and unjustly condemned to—the fearless personality of history,"but deny His

the cross. Only a comparatively small group of divinity.

and men women beheld Him as He really is—the Millions great Teacher, the as whose accept Him

of of mankind! the Redeemer God, Son applicable teachings, are not however, to modern

For nineteen centuries Christ's birth has been social conditions. A few—O how few!—of the

celebrated by nations that call themselves Chrisapproximately 2,000,000,000 inhabitants of the tain, Annually the pealing of bells, the harmony globe, accept Him for what He really is—"the Only

5 ft

Begotten of the Father; who came into the world, To members of the Church throughout the world,

even Jesus, to be crucified for the world, and to and to peacelovers everywhere, we say, behold in bear the sins of the world, and to sanctify the this Man of Galilee not merely a great Teacher, world, and to cleanse it from all unrighteousness."not merely a peerless Leader, but the Prince of1

different is entirely the present age True, from literallyPeace, theand Authortruly theof SaviorSalvation,of thehereworld!and now,

lived. that People Jesus in which among whom

fie associated could not even imagine the many Most heartily we commend faithful Latterday conditions, problems, and perplexities of this modSaints for their manifestations of devotion to ern world. Science has brought to light discoveries Christ's principles during the past year, and for

scarcely ever before dreamed of. The automobile, their outstanding achievements in Church projects

the radio, the airplane practically annihilate time instituted for the benefit of our fellow men.

and distance, and make nations on opposite sides Chief among these is the Church Security Plan, of the globe nextdoor neighbors. Jesus'message which calls for unselfish deyotion by every member,

and personality reached only groups around the and for much time, energy, and leadership espeshores of Galilee, but today even an ordinary voice cially on the part of general, regional, and stake may be heard by millions! Intercommunication is committees. The first and immediate objective

almost instant, and transportation sufficient supplying of achieved—that practically surmounted. person every needy A letter barriersposted arein hasfood,beenclothing, and shelter for

Honolulu on Monday noon is read in Salt Lake during the winter months. In response to the

City the following Wednesday morning. appeal of the leaders of the Church, two hundred

Yet, notwithstanding all these achievements, distwenty-one regional and stake storehouses have satisfaction with existing social and political conbeen established in which are stored thousands of ditions is becoming more and more manifest. Mispounds of foodstuffs, articles of clothing, bedding,

trust and misunderstandings between capital and etc., ready for proper distribution under the direclabor continually bring distress and destruction of tion of ward bishoprics and Relief Society sisters.

property. The liquor evil is still an unsolved But giving something for nothing is contrary to

problem. Wars for expansion in which the inthe fundamental teachings of the Church. The

nocent are mutilated and killed are carried on today real purpose of the Church Security Plan is to as in the days of barbarism. Arbitration as a means assist each individual to secure independence, to

of settling international questions is even now help make him selfsupporting, to replace idleness stifled by outbursts of ancient brute force. The with thrift and productivity. Here again Jesus'

question of taxation, the production and proper teachings are applicable. His plan was to make

distribution of the products of the soil and of the the individual right, and then the group of many factory are perplexing the wisest minds. Men need such individuals, or society, will be right. Make

a beacon light to guide them as they grope in the the individual contented, and social unrest with midst of these perplexities. its attendant evils will be greatly minimized.

That light is He whose birth the Christian world To accomplish these things may require many is celebrating at this Yuletide. It is He who in the years, but what has already been achieved by cobloom of perfect manhood, and with the inspiration operative effort of the people is most encouraging.

of divinity said, "I am come that ye might have God bless you for your united response, and your life, and that ye might have it more abundantly."willing service as evidenced in your contribution

Men say His teachings are not applicable to of time, energy, and means!

modernday conditions. How do they know, since And now may your efforts directed through the

true Christianity has never been actually tested by ecclesiastical groupings, the quorums, and the auxany nation or nations? iliaries, carry Christmas cheer to every person in

Fundamental in all Christ's teachings was the your communities; and when that shall have been

crime of wrong thinking. He condemned avarice, done, let it not be said that

enmity, and jealousy in the mind almost as veheWe ring the bells and we raise the strain, mently as He did the results that avarice, enmity, We hang up garlands everywhere and jealousy produce. Can anyone in this modern And bid the tapers twinkle fair,

world truthfully gainsay the practicability of such And feast and frolic—and then we go

teaching? Equally applicable to present condiBack to the same old lives again.

tions are His teachings regarding the value and But rather let us resolve to behold in His true of forgiveness, virtue life, the of sacredness human fair dealing, of the of crime necessity the hypocrisy, lightings thethe onlyworldMancan throughfind 'onwhoseearth peace,name andgoodteachwill the sin of covetousness, the saving power of love, toward men."

universal brotherhood, the immortality of man, and many other vital principles.

'T'oDAY civilized nations are sitting on a mountain of explosives, accumulated in defiance of

Christ's teachings. Let the heat of hatred, suspicion, and greed become a little more intense and

there will be such an international explosion as will greatly retard if not forcibly drive from the midst of mankind the hopedfor peace heralded by the heavenly hosts when the Son of Man was The First Presidency, born. The GOOD WILL that was to usher in Salt Lake City, Utah,

universal brotherhood will be replaced by envy, December 9, 1937.

greed, and hate with resultant misery and death.

, n'0></ri S'-0>* rtJCjci riJ-.

mtdttuLAgriculture CHURCH SECURITY PROGRAM

HThe Security problem as a whole can not be solved

UNLESS life on THE LAND IS GIVEN FULL CONSIDERATION. ThIS

WILL BE DONE, FOR LatTERDAY SaiNTS HAVE EVER BEEN A LANDLOVING PEOPLE.

A. WIDTSOETHEChurchSecurityof JesusProgramChrist ofof Latthe By DR. JOHN

terday Saints has three objecOf the Council of the Twelve and a member of the Advisory Committee oftives: First to supply food, clothing Security Program. the Church

and shelter to faithful Latterday

Saints, who are unable through their necesthese efforts secure toown its is resolutely squaring gram now find life: employtosities second, of found shoulders. people and Church THis unemployed, for thosement now spiritual salvation temporal and to find worthwhile, attempt The third, of laboring; capable are wilderness westernwho strength by in a for the unpermanent employment soil, the in and root taking deep those of conditions theto improve

better condithe to employed, and this lifegiving the to attachment but whose employed, be maywho a than means more became tions scanty earnof those whose furnish is to as so meagerincome of of a mode became earthlivelihood—it insufficient for ordinary ings are comforts the necessities, notthe bare the to living, fundamental Mormon necessity comforts, brings of human of "times"doing things. While objectives way beof life. may These

field the into of agrithe Program fundamentals changed, have may selfsupport, as charity,summarized still soil the be must have not, and Indeed, from Latterday of culture. progressive improvementand else nothing us to give what made vast majority farms Saint the came conditions.existing strength, indeand and can—bread, supplies for of the food provided vision, spiritual pendence, and and

The first demand made upon the the destitute of the Church during security. Toward a better underProgram was the care of those who, the last two years. The Church has standing of the means to this end

Its this here. article basis appears economic of unusual thebecause stable, held enduring that a always

the delivered before address an themthe of land, foundconditions civilization rests a upon State of body of annualwas convention the Utah selves destitute. The response of men and women who own and till Farm Bureau, December 8, 1937.

this to call for needthe membership their living the by make soil—who

its Ingenerosity. marvelous inwas that farming; proud and is to know

organizations families,dividuals, and tillits the of majority are members effort. agricultural possible ed The to are respondingresponded, and soil. of ers the leading Moreover, in agricultural the area has West until, for help, call today, nothe believe the that students of subject materially, the expanded and not Saintfaithful Latterday go needs is profession of farming the a good financial obligations the placed upon In the unsheltered. cold orhungry, excellent business, of an and mode multiplied manifold. been have farm this of times of ourhistory response living, the purwith compared many to and come men women Young to an hearts ready handskind and suits of man. of maturity opportunity the without lastwill notable, a formurgent need statement dewell be The may for or finding themselves, farmsing chapter. if that fended, necessary, farming to farms are take over asked they

The second demand, to help those as a business, if practiced properly, too heavily weighted with debts.

in need to support themselves, which provides great certainty of food and Many present problems may be implies a stern refusal to recognize health and increasing economic subtraced to a distorted agricultural any claims of the idler, has also been stance. As a mode of living, the economy.

well met by the Program, through most important consideration of life, a large number of makework projfarming is unsurpassed. Individually Tn ALL probability, the Program

ects, supplementing the work projand socially, morally and spiritually, will set up its projects against the ects of the Federal government. life under the open sky, in constant fivefold need of the farmer of the

Many of these projects, both in touch with the elemental forces of West—where most Latterday SaintChurch and State, such for example nature, gives strength, endurance,

as the building or renovating of and permanence. Crime is not bred

meetinghouses, are, however, of a on the farm; and the clean blood of

temporary nature. The desire of the the farm is drawn upon continu-

L. D. S. Church Program is to place ously to maintain the vigor of the

all members in permanent pursuits, cities.

which will yield not only daily ecoThe L. D. S. Security Program is

nomic support, but a steady apabout to set up a series of projects \ proach, however slight, towards for selfhelp, rooting in the farm.;'

economic advancement. To the Such projects are really necessary, '

'-meeting of this demand, much more for, during the last few decades, important than the first, the Proonly indifferent progress has mark-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938 farmers have their homes—and esFirst, crops of high acre value soil. The same effect would be obpecially of the irrigation farmer. that are sold as they are harvested, tained by the fuller correlation of

These five points should be known such as vegetables, fruits, peas, the irrigated farm, the dryfarm, and by all farmers and others, who have beans. Many problems accompany the cattle or sheep farm. In short,

the welfare of men at heart. They this branch of agriculture, such as by the proper use of our present reare most briefly outlined here. refrigeration. sources, ample lands might be made

1. There must be a new spirit of Second, crops that go through available for some coming generaconservation of our resources, of manufacturing processes before tions of farmers.

soil, water, and money. reaching the market. Such are canLikewise, methods must be deThe pioneers found here virgin ned farm products, sugar beets, and vised by which the earnest man, desoils, made fertile through long ages crops that fit into the developing sirous of farm life, may be enabled

of weathering and other natural science of chemurgy, in which there to pay for his farm as cropyears forces. We have been wasteful of is an actual transformation of crop come and go. How to do this is

this precious gift. To maintain the material, as when the starch of powell known from the experience of

fertility of the soil, use must b6 tatoes or artichokes is converted into this and other nations. Europe has

made as never before of crop ropower alcohol, or the woody fibre set an example that we may well tation and fertilization, natural and into rayon, or soy beans into autofollow.

artificial. Nature has laid down in mobile steering wheels. 5. Farm life must be made attraC"

our neighborhood great deposits of 3. There must be more cooperative.

potash and phosphates which, if tion among farmers in the producAfter all, bread is only a means properly developed, will aid greatly tion and marketing of crops. for living joyfully. This is not the

in the maintenance of soil fertility. The farmer is expected to toil least of the conditions that confront

Water is the limiting element of with his hands, to apply science in the coming agriculture. Much has

Western development. We do not raising plants and animals, and been done toward this purpose.

use it wisely After these many know world economics in the marGood roads, automobiles, radios, years, few farmers understand the keting of his produce. Few men can newspapers and magazines, accesprinciples underlying the practice of do all this unaided. Crop prices, sible schools and churches—all have

irrigation. Good watermeasuring unpredictable, irrational, are too frecontributed. More is to be done

devices are infrequent. Nearly all quently his undoing. By cooperaabout and within the farm home ituse water wastefully. For example, tion, the farmer's worries may be self. Lawns and shrubs around the

the irrigated area of Utah could greatly diminished The day of wise house; paint on house and outbuildnearly be doubled if the present agricultural cooperation is upon the ings; good pictures on the walls;

waste of water were stopped. farmer. some of the best books within easy

Money, the income from crops, 4. Men must be helped to own reach; a united family life that rechas too often been used wastefully farms.- ognizes the supremacy of the things

by the farmer. Too many glib salesTo do this more land must be of the spirit—all these will help

men have victimized him, and he made available, and the moneyless build agriculture.

himself has not always counted the man must be given a chance to buy cost of the purchases he has made. a farm. By the wise use of water, TTpie agricultural problem in LatterThe wise use of money must form the irrigated area may be greatly day Saint sections is really two-

a part of the program of agriculincreased. Lands now lying waste, fold: To make better use of our extural conservation. in rural districts and as vacant lots isting farms and to open up new

2. More profitable crops must be or back yards in the towns, may be lands for farms.

grown. made to assist in the problem. Small The L. D, S. Church Security

In the West, with a high investstreams that flow high in the spring Program will publish from time to ment in reservoirs, canals and ditchand low in summer may be imtime such agricultural projects as it es, and the added cost of water appounded to increase a profitable may approve. It would be well for

plication, a large acre income is inacreage. Many possible new projall to keep an eye open for progdispensable. This can be accomects of consequence are yet to be ress within this field of the Proplished by growing more intensive developed, by which tens of thougram. The security problem as a

crops. This means the reduction of sands of new acres may be brought whole cannot be solved unless life

the farm area per person, employing under cultivation. A better proporon the land is given full consideramany more people on present farms. tioning of each farm to its possition. This will be done, for the LatThere are two kinds of such inbihties would have the effect of enter-day Saints have ever been a

tensive crops. abling more men to cultivate the landloving people.

,,-<-s

PROTESTORS OF

CHRISTENDOM A STORY DEALING WITH THE WRITINGS AND TEACHINGS OF THE

APOSTOLIC FATHERS AND WITH THOSE NOTABLE CHARACTERS OF RELIGION WHO THROUGH THE CENTURIES HAVE PROTESTED AND WHO

HAVE BEEN PROTESTED AGAINST.

By JAMES L BARKER Head of the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Utah, and a member of the

General Board of the Deseret Sunday School

Union.

SIMON PETER, PAINTED BY BARTOLOMEO.

JAMES THE ELDER, PAINTtheir guns and said, 'We can't know

REUBENS. ED BY BROTHER OF all about God. We can only know 3. JOHN, THE

JAMES, PAINTED BY what God has chosen to tell us."'

DURER. PETER'S BROTHThough the writings of the Apos- 4. ANDREW,

ER, PAINTED BY RIBERA. tolic Fathers are sterile as far as

5. REUBENS.PHILIP, PAINTED BY any "new enrichment"of revelation

of Rome I. Clement

(Editor's Note: While Clement is not probably during the first century; value.is concerned,They dotheynotarecontainnot withoutan exincluded among the socalled "protestors,"(5) The Letter of Polycarp, marposition of the doctrines and organilogically 166in of thisa series Eusebius, to scope and nature tyred, according for instance, church; zation of the of his life andbegins with a background of Shepherd 167 A.D.; The (6) constituexact the not give they dowritings. brothwritten Hermas, Hermas, by formulas the the tion of nor church,

THEreconstructionmaterial availableof the earlyfor pethe abouter of Pius148 A.D.,who wasand bishop(7) Fragmentsof Rome usednor thein thepreciseordinationsfunctionsof ofits theofficers,offiriod of the Christian Church of Papias. cers of whom mention is made, nor

is meager. For instance: "From the The difference in value between the formula used in the baptismal

death of Peter to the writing of the the books of the New Testament service, nor the words used in the first Christian Apology which bore and the writings of the Apostolic sacramental prayers. In fact, from

the name of Justin (born 145 A. D. Fathers is very. striking. It is diffithe records that have been preserved,

at Alexandria ) is a stretch of eighty cult to understand how so great a very little may be known definitely years, over which has settled an obchange could have occurred in so and with precision. It is quite imscuring mist scarcely penetrated by short a time. "Until the death of possible to say from the records ex-

a single ray of light."'Even the the Apostles the deposit of revelatant just what were the original

writings that have come down to tion was progressively enriched, as teachings and organization of thethe present are not numerous and Saint Paul writes, 'the mystery of church—"the deposit of faith,"enoften of disputed authenticity. Christ has not been made known trusted to the early church. And

The writers who had known the in other ages to the sons of men so yet, though what is left is only fragApostles and who wrote during the clearly as it has now been revealed mentary, much as a naturaUst reconfirst two hundred years of the Christo the holy apostles and prophets structs a skeleton from a few discontian era are known as the Apostolic (Ephes. 3:4-5)'; after the death nected bones, one may fit the facts

Fathers, and their writings include of the Apostles, no new enrichment contained in the writings of the ( 1 ) The Letter of Clement of Rome, will be made."Is the explanation Apostohc Fathers into the frameanonymous, but attributed to Clemgiven by Hankey correct? "A lot of work of the Church as revealed to

ent, written probably about 96 A.D.; secondrate philosophers who had Joseph Smith.

(2) The Letters of Ignatius of Anhitherto confined their attention to These facts represent undoubtedtioch, martyred, according to Eusethe Greek philosophies and Oriental ly at times the doctrines and organibius, 108 A. D. in Rome; (3) The rehgions, started to explain Chriszation of the church already in proTeachings of the Twelve or the Ditianity. They were generally not cess of change, but the statement

dache, discovered by Bryennios in very good Christians, and just lookof Tertullian remains, nevertheless, 1875 in the Patriarchal Library at ed upon the faith as an intellectual relatively true: "From its very orJerusalem; (4) The Letter of Barproblem.... If the Christians had der, it is manifest that that is of the

nabas, really anonymous, written been wise, they would have stuck to Lord and true which was first handAndrew Stephenson, The History o/ Lebreton et Zeiller (catholic), L'Eglise Hankey, The Lord o/ All Good Life, pp.

Christianity, Vol. 1, p. 133. Primitive, p. 321. 112, 113. quoted by Qualben.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

writers, differing as to time and place communication from 'The church of to at is sojourning Rome which oldest the representing God origin and in of a scholar Barker, PROFESSOR is sojournof church prethe agree, tradition, God which they recorded a biothis field, here begins graphical series dealing with the sent, with a high degree of probaing at Corinth'without the name of

Chrisof history in the great names writing, the author. Throughout orthe teaching original and the those bility, to principally devoted tendom, first in the speaks author the faith,"of deposit ganization, when "the Protestors of champions truth—the is natural it is in plural as the person, Church. the Apostolic entrusted to following centuries the through who,

the death of Christ and His Apostles, on the part of a group.'"

of those changes opposed have the to know to the be interesting docTt First Letter would Clement's spirit, ritual, authority trine, and is first of the Clementis) {Prima of Clement, the Corinthians hfe the AposGreat about brought which tasy, lost the authority of the PriestApostolic Fathers, the author, as it frequently quoted as the first exhood to the men of earth and caused is supposed, of Clement's First Letample of the church at Rome exerof the the for restoration Gosneed the ter to the Corinthians, but that is cising authority over other churches. this of the Dispensation pel in

Fulness of Times, In the course of impossible. The really important It is, however, only one letter among

this story such names as Justin Marthing, however, is that the author many written by the various churchtyr, Irenaeus of Lyons, Clement of was acquainted with the traditions es to each other, conveying news

TertuHian, Origen, Alexandria, Cyand teachings of the early church. and, at times, admonishing and enAugustine, Arius, prian, Eusebius,

and others, will walk across these He was undoubtedly one of the first couraging one another. Thus, the letpages. elders or one of the first bishops of ter relating the martyrdom of PolyIn the First Vision, Joseph Smith Rome, perhaps a slave or a freedcarp, bishop of Smyrna, begins, "the

told to join of the none was then man, but none of the lists of bishops church of God which sojourns in that existing churches, none of them was the true Church and that, is contemporary and there is uncerSmyrna to the church of God which through him, the true Church would tainty as to the beginning and end of sojourns in Philemon, and to all the be restored. This Church was orthe term in office of the bishopric of (Continued on page 56)

Smith ganized when Joseph was not the first ten popes (elders or bishIf the restoration twentyfive. yet

de Rome, Introduction, Clement 'Hemmer, 154 A. about of ops) Rome (until purely and not divine, human were

xxii. p. Epitre aux Corinthiens, with fail to stand comparison to "the even, as uncertainty, it would D. ) and

the organization early Church, the to the assigned that should be order it of doctrines undertook which and first of the Apostle successors it if divine, will stand but, to restore;

such comparison. There will be (Peter).'"The opinion of scholars

pointed out in this series some of the is, however, quite unanimous that doctrines and elements of the constiClement's First Letter to the Corinearly of the which were tution Church to thians was not written later than lost after they restored had been the world. 100 A. D., and consequently the

It is well to keep in mind that a writer was in a position to know are the documents, which few of early traditions and usage.

the of material for the study source early Church, have been discovered "Clement's First Letter to the since the time of Joseph Smith and Corinthians bears no signature; it

of exception that, with the the New claims from the beginning to be a translation, in English Testament to him. of them was none known (catholic). Introduction, 'Hemmer Clem

others with If nevertheless where Corinthiens, p. 1 ent Epitre aux de Rome, talent, great character, learning and

largely failed, Joseph Smith, without learning, succeeded magnificently, the lover of truth, desirous of such a The Improvement Eta is greatly indebted to The restoration, must be deeply impressed. Foundationpermission toPress,use Inc.,these Cleveland,photographsOhio,of thefor

original Twelve Apostles of the Lord Jesus

Christ which were taken from "The Master

Library,"Volume 7.

ed down; that, however, foreign and

false which was put forth later.'"

Quoting this passage, Pierre Battifol writes: "It is perfectly evident, if

the chronological order alone be considered, that that is of the Lord and true, which is the most ancient in tradition, and that that is foreign and false that was produced later.""

The writings of the Apostolic Fathers contain, then, the truth or that which is least removed from the truth, as represented by the oldest 6. BARTHOLOMEW, PAINTED

traditions of the church, or the BY RIBERA.

earliest known ( outside of the writ- 7. MATTHEW,RUBENS. PAINTED BY

ings of the New Testament ) records 8. THOMAS, PAINTED BY

of the faith and of the organization 9. THADDEUS,RIBERA. PAINTED BY

of the church, which, very early, was RUBENS.

already undergoing change. Where 10. PAINTEDJAMES THEBY SHIELDS.LESSER,

11. SIMON THE ZEALOT,

''Tertullian, Praescriptiones, 31. PAINTED BY RIBERA.

'Pierre Battifol, L'Eglise Naissante et le 12. JUDAS ISCARIOT, PAINTED

Catholicisme, p. 324. BY VON GEBHARDT.

MuccsAAuL Asiminwiij opsJmtwfL

IN A NEW INSTITUTION

RELIGIOUS EDUCATION

title article startle of this THE DR. By F.MERRILL JOSEPHLET all one. no familiar are We the Council and Former of the Twelve 0[

is with the that "there dictum L. S. D. Commissioner of Education.nothing new under the sun."However in the experience of every individual things have arisen that

make him question the accuracy of L. D. S. University High School.

writer's wife a The was member great discoveries are madethe dictum. WHEN

first of and farreaching the the graduating class when of moveinstitution of which are The we find are usually ments launched we in the Church days Academy when itswriting in beginning has from thoughtful thinking along many men brilliant the young E. and Jamesthe Latterday Saints'syslines. Church the case the same Such was

tem of education been known as a Talmage was its principal. Inwhen the seminary movement of the

into being. Church came spired excellent Church her teacher, by The sheseminary. The name was not new

of the Board Education and Church's well; learned her lessons in Bible for its relationbut to the public was leading educators in thinkers and

little later years she taught her when It is a specialnew. of fields type school of long that realized had many

religion with a limited curriculum, children to say their bedtime prayChurch-operated academies were a it financial ers at burden to performknee, and her were her custom was publicmaintained near schools but ing service, a limited geographically their efforts serious reward by tellin part in a of them. no way Yet least. at discussion had There been ing a Bible. story the them from Herevery the case has seminary been religious looking broadening toward

organized to serve students attendlist of these stories was so long that education in connection with state, city county, in schools. and Finally at their often husband marveled Iting school. not deher a pubhc was

this 1912 of thought found burden spellfrequently number, and sat as assigned a institution, proselyting expression experimental at Granite as the children bound were as its doorsthough always in have School, Stake, been Granite under she High freely open to nonmembers. skilfully related them, preparatory the presidency of Frank Y. Taylor

the through and to immediate motivathe children's going to bed. school of the type here The first

tion F. Merrill, then of Dr. Joseph did learn she and where When intomentioned in operation went the of Granite PresStake member stories? these answer The was directly It 1912,September, this the across of in aidency. the forerunner was

street from the Granite High School, Brother Talmage's Bible class when present Church Seminary System concerning which the author writes in she his school a student wasSalt Lake County. Its purpose was this time. Salt the Stake preat Lake Academy,to offer students attending the high

school the same courses in religious decessor of the L. D, S. University.

education that were given at the Well, if Bible study in school could thus make one girl an efficient r religious teacher of her children in their home, it could do the same with other girls. And so highly did

the husband rate this skill of his wife that when one day she expressed a wish that every one of her children should attend the L. D, S.

U., he at once assented. If Bible

THE FIRST L. D. S. SENIOR study in school would do for the

SEMINARY BUILDING, children what it had done for the

ERECTED AT GRANITE mother, no sacrifice was too great HIGH SCHOOL, 1912.

to achieve this end.

But what about other children in the community? Should they not

also be privileged to study the Bible while attending high school? Yet

most of the boys and girls in our community had to go to a public high school, one reason being that it was cheaper to do so.

(Continued on page 55) itLJhL CHURCH EDUCATION COME RECENT DEVELOPMENTS AND SOME FACTS CONCERNING THE Program of the Church Department of Education.

BY DR. FRANKLIN L WEST

Church Commissioner of Education

tributes sixty per cent of the cost of construction, where previously the buildings were constructed entirely at the expense of the local stakes.

These new structures are only a small part of an extensive Church educational system, be and it might INSTITUTE OF RELIGION. FLAGSTAFF, ARIZONA I think of the leaders the Church who TEACHERS'(ARIZONA STATE COLLEGE). to about know something this building have possible are to made be interesting

congratulated upon the job which they the general program and the obis itself done. in have building This a beauthis of of jectives scope phase and 7th there was November tiful It thing. is inspire to stuthe bound it is in as work, the now Church

.. it. dents in contact come with who at dedicated AriTucson,ON. operation. I this is But point that out building may zona, Heber by President J. all its after it is vehicle; very incepbut from a to place Church a be The

Grant, a very beautiful Institute used, and the way in which it is used will tion has recognized the value of its influence, determine not alone religious building, Flagedu- to serve the upon actively fostered education has and staff, all of Arizona, but upon and knowing cational Latterday the of needs it. supported Smith, and Joseph the program has which arranged, been

at Saint students University of the ofFer first heartiest can of the Restoration congratulations. Prophet and my OnI

Arizona. It is situated on the corner, behalf of the faculty and on behalf of the President of the Church of Jesus

students, I wish reour kindest very you to the to the entranceadjacent north Saints, Christ stated of Latterday of assure gards and our continued you style, InUniversity. it is modernthat faster than is saved no a man cooperation.

ized Georgian, open and expansive, he gains knowledge, that he cannot the of In debecause warm climate. in ignorance, the and that saved be 21, similar a buildNovember On

it is appointments, mostsign and is intelligence. of glory God ing dedicated Elder was by Georgeattractive. President AtkinAlfred as of the valuable the work As Albert Smith the near at Ephraim,

son, University of the of Arizona, organizations of auxiliary the one is nearing and Snow College;

atspeaking the dedicatory felt from it has been Church is, yet service, completion at St. to George, serve

said: the needs of the Latterday Saint the earliest times that something adSome of you may not know that the students at Dixie College. During ditional should be done in the way

Regents last year, under the guidance of the last year, four L. D. S. institutes of religious and character education

President Burgess, a resolution aupassed to the supplement weekdays L. nineteen and D. S. seminary duringthorizing the to University count toward agencies. other educational work of buildings constructed, have been certaindegrees credits are to which be

taught at this institution.... I am pleased equipped, and put into operation In Kirtland, Ohio, Joseph Smith

that, isthat did for that they a broad, subof established the the ProphSchool the auspices under of the Church stantial recognition of the our of measure ets, Illinois, laid Nauvoo, and in Department of Education. Thirteen So, thework. behalf of on Regents and for a a university. foundation Alof these replace structemporary all in ofthe University its departArizona

ments, I am pleased to extend this most tures that have been used for many most immediately after the pioneers cordial ofHcial to our welcome community, estabschools were in Utah six years are entirely and and arrived new itto that is in direction the say that we in lished, after three 1 850, years and in are located places semiwhere isthink important, there hope and we their arrival, of University the Desnaries not previously existed. have this in direction. developmentbe more Wewill

are pleased that you are making this buildThis extensive building program eret was chartered, which institution ing possible, that are and sending you later the University became of Utah. here has been carried forward in rather

the fine leadership find which has come. we rapid concentration to offset the inpopulation the Mormon are into our As mostYou welcome community

life. building lag during the years of the creased in the West and new

depression. contributing A notable settlements were made, not only Earlier during the same week, on factor has also been the change in

November 5, a similar Institute to policy whereby the Church now conINSTITUTE(UNIVERSITYOFOFRELIGION,ARIZONA). TUCSON, ARIZONA

serve the needs of the L. D. S. students at the Arizona State Teachers

College was dedicated at Flagstaff.

This is located on property owned by the Church, directly opposite the college, and is equally as beautiful as the one at the Arizona State University, but somewhat smaller. The

local Church branch will also use this structure for their functions.

President Thomas J. Tormey. of the

College, made the following statement at the dedicatory service:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

throughout Utah but in Idaho and adopted as the years il.ooo

Arizona as well, academies to the go by throughout the 10.000

several score, nearly of a andextent It entire country. has

l8,ooo the establishedcolleges were by to be been found 17,000 religious subSecular andChurch. > y legitimate legal and >,0 instituinjects these taught were

, in 15.00Q, every way. / cost of thetions maintenance and

1 rr / 4,000 \ L, In present the entirely the Church. borne bywas 13,000 tc < d J / 'Dcict-<taA>:, its proeducational S. peak reached D.This movement 12,000 J /

SeTyi|ina-'r'< tOTolIrr ent'units establish1920. gram,about Uooo J t '/ in a to to prevent order serve the ed 10,000 However, needs 2

9,000 secularduplication of teaching of the of college students 1 f/ 8,000 public schools in the aresubjects both called Institutes 7000 in also the of Religion. academies Churchand /f Those

&000 policy colleges, a was theand associated new with 5000 // all butadopted of which means by senior schools high / 4000 two of the colleges and all of the are called Seminaries, 3000 / closed turnedacademies and were 2,000 affiliated and those I—

gift, state as aover to the to be with the junior high I CK, 6 <s> <s o> <s (T c <r a ffff o ofOrO[<lir)rOfOCOtOo *j—'<rcJ inff (3>i- <rij-\ <r ti--r-—

operated under the public school schools are referred system. to as Junior SemSTUDENT ENROLLMENT IN THE SENIOR SEMINARIES, 1919 TO 1937.

Seminaries were gradually estabinaries.

Jished by the Church on property There are thirteen Institutes of Tn addition to these thirteen instiadjacent to the high schools and colReligion, serving college students at tutes ninetyfive seminaries have leges, in which religious subjects the University of Idaho at Moscow; been established, serving the needs

only were taught to students at times the Southern Branch of the Uniof high school students in the same "when they were not otherwise enversity of Idaho at Pocatello; the states, and in Colorado and Nevada.

gaged in their regular school work. University of Wyoming at Laramie; The Church also maintains a small

Since the public schools are owned the Utah State Agricultural College elementary and high school at Kelby all of the people and almost every at Logan; the University of Utah at sey, Texas, and some elementary

form of religious belief may be repSalt Lake City; the Snow Junior schools and an academy at Colonia

resented in its constituency, it is College at Ephraim; the Dixie Juarez, Mexico.

considered neither feasible nor deJunior College at St. George; the Weekday religious education for

sirable that rehgion be taught in the Arizona State Teachers College at the L. D. S. people of the junior

schools, and since the need for reFlagstaff; the University of Arizona high school level is either conducted

ligious education is so great, it is at Tucson, the L. D. S. Business in larger cities in the Church chapels

found to be desirable and highly College, Salt Lake City; Gila Colby unpaid leaders after school hours,

necessary that a religious educalege at Thatcher, Arizona; the or is conducted in consolidated

tional program, under trained leaderBranch Agricultural College at school districts in the Senior Semship with modern facilities, be carCedar City; and the University of inary building, either by Senior

ried forward. Southern California, at Los Angeles. Seminary teachers or by equally

The cost per student in each of All of the institute buildings have qualified men or women having these units under the present system been constructed within the last ten teachers'certificates. There are 222

is considerably less than the coryears, and most of them within the such units, serving approximately responding cost in secular schools, past three years, so that they are 10,492 students in 63 stakes.

and the majority of our students are modern in construction, lovely in The program of weekday rehlocated in the seminaries of the high their appointments and meet the gious education under the Departschool level, where the cost of inneeds not only of the Sunday ment of Education includes at presstruction is $10.61 per student School, Sacrament services and ent 750 teachers and approximately

( 1 936- 1 937 ), while the average high classroom instruction, but also the 38,939 students.

school student in Utah costs apneeds of the social program. The governing board of the eduproximately $65.45 per student. All Through these institutions apcational work of the Church is called

of our time is devoted to religious proximately 4,000 college students the General Church Board of Ediieducation, whereas in the system of are receiving religious instruction cation, and at present is composed

Churchoperated academies, part of and guidance. Credit is given for of fourteen members, including the

the time was devoted to the teaching nonsectarian courses at all of these First Presidency of the Church and of secular subjects. Although we colleges except one. Such subjects seven apostles, with President Grant

are reaching more than six times as as Comparative Religion, the Bible, as its president. The administrative

many students as were taught under the Prophets, Teachings of Jesus head of the organization responsible the other program, when the acadand of Paul are taught. for carrying out the policies of the

emies were in operation, yet our Board is the Commissioner of Edutotal expenditure for this purpose The salary schedule and scholastic cation. Those who have held this

is about threefourths of what it was attainments of the teachers compare position in the past are Karl G.

then. very favorably with those in the Maeser, J. M. Tanner, Horace H.

This type of education, whereby secular schools. Teachers are Cummings, David O. McKa>, Adam

the work of the public schools is selected not only because of their S. Bennion, Joseph F. Merrill, John

supplemented by religious education teaching ability and scholastic at- A. Widtsoe and the present comconducted during the week on "retainments, but because of their moral missioner, Franklin L. West.

leased time,"is increasing in popular and personal qualities of leadership, At present the Church also mainfavor and is being more widely and zeal for the Church. tains the Brigham Young University

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

100 quate expression quite as much as 90 y one'sthere isphysicalan intimatenature.relationshipThen betoo

religious philosophy, his 80,'-—/ tween one's

church activity, and his moral life. VJ70 / Also, there is to be considered the

great amount of lawlessness and 60 // crime in the country. The influence

of the weakbeen greatly home has 50 J/ divorce. Present conened through

conpossible the easy ditions make

<a lU 40 1 cealment of unconventional conduct.

I, Then there is the widespread ex- 2 30 //

Z tension of the scientific spirit which 20./ is critical and insistent upon evidence

and facts and has somewhat weak- y/ ened the influence of religion. The 10 /

old checks on immoral conduct have greatly weakened. Pi tff s r4 0 0 2 P7 been YeM: 5 5-. 006 o the needs for religious eduThus

cation are apparent. The Institutes GROWTH OF SENIOR SEMINARIES, INDICATING NUMBER OF SENIOR

SEMINARIES EACH YEAR, 1912 TO 1937. of Religion have been established to

supply these and other needfid ends.

at Provo, and the Ricks Normal community projects in the field of During university years, students

College at Rexburg, Idaho. religion. meeting much new knowledge freSome of the objectives of the Personal guidance, both in and quently have difficulty in reconciling

Latterday Saint program of reliout of the classroom, has been emtheir religious beliefs formed during gious education are: phasized as one of the major respontheir impressionable years with their

students develop con- a help 1. To sibilities of of religious teachers is studies. academic usually This

realiof the reality of asciousness God and instructional education. Special work causes: they due to two ad- ( 1 ) As relation to personalzation Him. of man's

2. To develop in the life and experience in guidance has been provided vance in knowledge and experience

of students an appreciation and understandenabling these teachers to better unin other fields of thought they the of ofing as Savior Jesus mankind their problems. and derstand youth and neglect their of religion, the study

to teachings the upholdto lead students sponsorSeveral projects been have of this understanding field remainfor the stood. which causeand He

3. To assist students in the development ed by the Department of Education ing at the high school level; or (2)

of a testimony of the divinity of the work to compile the religious experiences if they maintain their interest in rethat conviction aof Smith and Joseph the of Latterday Saint youth in diffithe ligion face they questions too is disseminatedrestored being Gospel This home, Church. school and cult to help. without In answer both thethroughout through the world power

and authority of the Priesthood of God. compilation will serve to aid in the cases, students are in need of assist-

4. To help students develop the?.bility general religious counseling program ance to the fuller understanding of

participate disposition toand actively in of the Institutes and Seminaries. religion. Latterday Saint Instiofthe organizations the Church.

tutes established to have been meet arrive students at a sound 5. To help

of to |U[any of the leaders in the field of this the universe,interpretation situation. offer life and studies They

develop the ability and disposition to see higher education are convinced in religion on the college level, in the universe, in and plan purposeGod's training religious to that should be a college terms, dealing the prowith it, to relationunderstand and to man's university of of the training part found questions thinkevery which theassist in of a philosophy formulation of life built upon this interpretation. students. An extensive survey of ing individual has a right to ask.

6. To foster in students a progressive college students in America showed At the Institutes, students discuss

personality of development continuousand considerable that conthere was these freely questions and frankly is within character harmonious whichand of fusion fundamental and lack Institute the Directors, either eduwithitself to society, the to physand adjusted ical environment, and to God. cation on religious and ethical issues, in classes or in private consultation.

These objectives are being realand that this was especially true of By developing a deeper, finer, and ized ( 1 ) through a comprehensive religious beliefs. The thought has more certain understanding of the

study of religious subjects with spebeen expressed by these leaders that Gospel of Jesus Christ, the Lattercial emphasi* upon Biblical history paralleling the present effectiveness day Saint Institutes are leading stuand literature, and L. D. S. Church of technical training, students should dents to a love of God and humanHistory and Doctrine; (2) through be given a fuller education in the ity, to a living faith in the Gospel

a studentcentered religious activity appreciation of values and of the of Jesus Christ, to an abiding loyprogram; (3) through personal guidcontrolling principles supplied by alty to truth and righteousness, and

ance work; and (4) through proreligion. Other reasons advanced to an appreciation of all that is

grams of worship both weekdays are as follows: praiseworthy.

and Sunday. The feeling of awe, wonder; and We feel deeply grateful for the

The activity program of the varireverence toward the mysteries of substantial support, both morally, ous age levels includes regular stulife and toward the vast universe is spiritually, and financially, in allowdent club and leadership group acquite general. The upward reach ing the program to be extended and

tivities, religious discussion groups, toward and the desire to establish these fine structures to be built, formal and informal parties, dances, a friendly relationship with God is which will be a credit to the Church banquets, hikes, athletic activities, almost a universal experience. One's and will be of everlasting benefit to

participation in ward programs and spiritual nature needs food for its the young people who come there worship activities, in dramatic and sustenance and means for its adefor instruction.

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN Q/he Story of IPosey, JLast R. LYMAN By ALBERT Irakmil!Lite autiawmi

to returned posses, Posey skirmishes with Pourcorners. where region lawless of wild in the and Down FAR: THUS STORY costly discharge a to night by BlandingTHE century a than together, more Colorado come and Mexico, Arizona, Utah, New the effect thai tribe would to he the promise Mexico, into Pe, Santa them hat}New drove and the Navajos rounded up Kit Carsonago tribesmen, found but his captive escape of thus being were the Navajos years. While three for in "bullpen"the thereto them keep in the basement stowed safely them away north tribe their broke from away PahUfes handful of disaffected disciplined, aharshly heavily armed with schoolhouse the of territory. in When Navajo Mountain possession Navajo of took and River the Juan Sanof so forced entrance, and was at every guards country the vacate Navajo to refused renegades these PahUte back, came Navajosthe humiliation; in his tribesmen to return to this a story was character central the of (Posey) Sowagerie resulted. blood badand rattlewith in meantime, the they, but Bttseel, a anarchy. in cradle a of up grew renegades. the He PahUtechild of one of permitted themgeneralship, had brained situthis tense midst the In of bitter enemy. most Posey's was Navajo, ousted theson of precarious into a to selves maneuvered he largely country, settle the to San Juan sent down was Mormons colony a of 1879, ination attended that in skirmishes the position, and their was Haskel Thales Indians. the relationships with improving purpose the offor his woundrejoining people he was Posey's the and Navajos psychology. Bui dialect and in Indian skilled interpreter—a manchief killed, in the hip Pahneab was and twice ed settlement. During the upon Mormon other and each to upon prey continuedPah'Utes to Blanding returned posse the after which was Sowagerie, son, tribe, renegade the scattered the avengers cowboy skirmish whenone reinforcements. for leader. little PahUte sister the Poke, of Toorah, tribe with the separated frommomentarily

Sowagerie caused that romance smoldering the beginning the of interlude marked briefThis hair, his clothes, braid in fine himself dress vainly to and his Posey name to changebravely Chapter XXI Bad Medicine disaprelentlessly sister, little was however, his in interest This war paint. put onand

to so referred and "Skunk,"as "apostate"Posey the looked upon Poke, whoproved by him. During one period of tribal disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, disappeared

with her brothers, and all Posey's searchings for her were in vain. Posey finally secured

dashed lovers madly these two and whereabouts, Toorah's concerning informationvague his aching with P,OSEY, interrupted, however, when soon together was freedom found Their new to freedom. that to hopefully amhung his ugly wounds, trouble in and place. was he But their hiding upon stumbled accidentallyPoke

late in afternoon recklessly the and bush till the most entered upon Posey now compromise. to surly gavethreatening way

happy part of his life. But shortly later, in an act of playfulness, occurred the greatest then descended to the bottom of the

hand. unhis His own by his beloved wife shooting of Posey's of life—thetragedy eagle's the intent reaching on Comb brother. Toorah's pursuit of avenging terrible the by more made was sorrowbounded trail. lower nest of the by way He life, to Poke's save enabled Posey which circumstances under met the two ButPoke.

in panic; his a people to a coming pay agreeing met score that by vengeance on further relieved of was Poseywhereforehigh indemnity and by agreeing to marry another of Poke's sisters—a disagreeable superthey had barely escaped being surevil. Later heckling career another of began circumstances maidenwhichannuated this said, and, bethey so a rounded, him put manner, humiliating in a Posey settlers Bluff captured from Mormonhandful of talk, to stop and he joining no time to appear over bound he was where the peace, a justice of him before brought in irons and

at the next session of the district court. By a ruse Posey later escaped and went into ed them in their wild flight.

exile at Navajo Mountain. He was shaken by his first personal experience with white Urging their jaded animals fortheir forgiveness and asking BluQ. inhabitants to the of sent word andman's justice to Creek, they turned up Mule ward to the returned Posey and withdrawn charges were his ways. The to mendpledging in of the early the west the Comb, the to fade, his exile terror began as the behavior. of But good temporary oncommunity

humiliation of it loomed greater in his mind and he took steps to see that it would not evening. Before dark they reached

happen again by going to Colorado to purchase a long range gun, and by learning how a high butte with steep or vertical could he separated communities and how could be used telephones installed recentlythe If all sides. could get they on In the rock vengeance. with his a to old ways prepared, he returned wires. cutting'Thusby islandhill, that could they of top on killing a sheeprobbing and accused Tsene-gat, of son, was Poke's situationmidst of this

all corners, PahUies themselves from both followed, defend that skirmish the him. In to arrest officers cameherder. Peace

and whites were killed. Posey had treacherously used a flag of truce to protect himself so they began in haste to make a

sent Washington Scott L. out from was position. General Hugh shootingwhile he gained side. northeast the trail up rude

Tsene-gat, Jess Posey and Posey, Poke, tragedy. in this the government representto in the hours dark, weary Sometime released they by exonerated, were treated trial. and Royally to for Denver takenwere

the government and sent home. This generous treatment they interpreted as an act of of the night they found themselves

weakness, and began to plan further misdeeds. With an increasing belief in his own on top of the butte with nothing to

traveled gun, a long long range another acquired Posey all punishment, fromimmunity in the Region, anything to superior Juan San that was a horse to purchasedistance and noeat goatand tonomilkblanketnor toonbutcher—'whatwhich to rest; preparato His come. destined that conflict was inevitable for the preparedin other ways

tions, however were interrupted by another gambling affray with Bitseel in which Posey's in the world could they do? Posprize horse was involved and from which he extricated himself by striking Bitseel with sibly, after all, the eagle's nest was

meeting. final another postponing for dashing freedom—thus revolver and butt a the of they not must surrounded—anyway, the to violence hoodlum firing in organizing and spent activities were Posey's "Then if they to eat, even something have to violence proved inspired been having which element, the element tribe—an of

tOi little ranch rob Karnell's leader had of Pinally control. a Pahneab, young to Posey for difficult evenembarrassingly

the hoodlum element, was arrested with Dutchie's boy and brought to trial for holding above the mouth of the creek. Beduring courtroom the schoolhouse and entered point. at Posey gun's sheepherder a up ranch, fore however, going to the

pursuit. in liberty, full Oliver Sheriff with to for break the defendants aided recess the noon stuff if their still resee would this explosion quick of they PahUtes whom rounded posses many up organized Quickly

events caught unaware in Blanding. Posey hastened to organize his tribe for flight, but mained on the rock.

found that his leadership was not fully accepted. Many were reluctant to take the Big By now it had turned out to be

to others in refused Blanding, move captive and held were their kinsmen while Trail clouds, black with a bad night erp.'tribe at Recapture. the These living aloof from was Poke, notifying who without of fitful gusts winds, and moaning his concessions on delays costly and damaging position caused to Posey's barrassmenfs part. After the tribe was finally under way—still without Poke—and after several light snow. A blanket of snow would add

t

'* -,vrt Istf-*"*,'!*

m'iSS\x-:s::::.-.itiutr:..h-',L m.1.v, fi'&M,''JiK.i&.Jc 'jqgyse.'-:'. 'j-j 'r4:-ri

COMB WASH started. But they wrangled and cannot get at them,"whimpered

much to their misery, but worse still quarreled, neglecting the cooking, Dutchietoats, his blood still frozen it would advertise all their moveand the mutinous dregs of the tribe to strawberry ice cream with the ments by leaving their trail as plain boiled up in sickly colors to the recollection of Pahneab's last yell.

behind them as black print on white surface. Then others on whom Posey had

paper. The second wife loomed big depended sided with his mutinous

Leaving a few squaws on the among those yellow dregs. "This wife, for really if the chief couldn't

island to care for the little papooses, fighttalk is crazy,"she insisted, with command his squaw, how could he they descended through the storm unusual authority in her v,/hining old command them? Everybody took

and darkness over the new and voice, for she knew she expressed part in the quarrel and it occupied dangerous trail. They hurried to the sentiment of the majority. "If not only their time but their attention

reach the eagle's nest and return in my brother were here he would do while the pans of meat and ovens the minimum of time lest the light the big thing, but Posey always does of bread smoked on the fire.

of morning should disclose them in it the wrong way."Then someone called attention to

the dangerous open. "They can shoot us here and we {Continued on page 59)

A miserable wind whistling up the Comb drove snow in their faces, THE FIGHTING PAHUTES ON THAT ISLAND and peril waited in every step their STOODTO FIGHT—NOIN A TRANCE—IMPETUSIN ATOSPELL.FLY. NOANDHEARTALL

horses took on the wet and slippery THE TIME THOSE FORTY MEN RODE STEADILY reef. Nothing had been taken from FORWARD WITH GRIM AND RESOLUTE PURPOSE.

their camp. They found most of

the goats, packed up their stuff, and reached the top of the butte again soon after the gray dawn of the wintry morning. And sure enough,

their back trail through the snow showed just where they had been.

Were they to fight here on this island? What if they were surrounded? The island was dry as a

bone and they would choke to death.

Yes, the general insisted, they would fight right here. They would

soon use up the small party that had been dogging them the last two days, and, before a greater number could collect, they would have their feet on the impregnable Trail of the r:\<.i4.

Fathers.

They began preparing a rather pretentious breakfast, meat, drink, hot bread, stewed fruit, for this was about the first chance they had had to eat in safety since the trouble

INDIAN BROTHER AN—--SPEAKS*

ND TELLS OF HIS GRATITUDE FOR THE STAKE MISSIONARY ACTIVITY WHICH 'BROUGHT HIM TO THE WATERS OF BAPTISM.

K. HARDY the way of the Great Law which is just SHOWN by the reports that By RUFUSAS have recently been pubhshOf the First Council of the Seventy right.of the I wholeshall lookpeople,and andlistenhavefor thealwayswelfarein

ed in The Improvement Era view not only the present, but also the from month to month, the accomcoming generation. I hope God will help

phshments of the stake missions of me.

gratifythe have most been Church called Polacca Vinton was Whening. not This movement, which was

this to the stand during Sacrament effectively last April, until organized like service, statue stood a bronze he into far thus soulshas 1,139 brought while he spoke the things which came from his heart. Some of themthebaptism—wellChurch throughover athehundredwaters ofa were:month, and at a cost so markedly

less than the cost of conducting the As I read the Book of Mormon, I work in fulltime missions of the pickedme aroundout thethe storycamp myfire fatherin thehassheeptold

Church that the element of cost decamp, and it seemed I heard my father serves comment. These stake mistelling me again. Am I ready, or shall

I I trail; longer? wait dark a on was nowsion conversions the have cost

I light. see the where I know now my that the a sum so nominalChurch is I to father him. with be want and He

cost is, in effect, a negligible item. told me never to drink or smoke, and I

Out of this stake missionary achave not. When I went to school I went

to find to try churches to many my fathertivity, conducted under the direction

I I did the but not until Elders heard and of the First Council of the Seventy, read the Book of Mormon. Before my

have come many notable experiences, father died he was holding my hand and one of which, here related, has been he said, 'You "know my story. Wait for

reported from Arizona in the unique the Mormons.'

field presided over by Stake Mission is well Brother Polacca prepared Flake.President S. Eugene INDIAN CROSSROADS AT THE THE missionary work. speaks do He Salt Lake City) to Brigham Monument, Young in the August is- (East View, Announcement is languages. four expected Much

the ofsue Improvement Era of The his from endeavors. him and I just yesterday. got and back days ago the ofsplendid missionary work entertainthe evening, During visited five an and had a talk Camps Navajo missionaries, parStakeSnowflake I sir, lots learned them. had Yes, with in held of honor ment was the new

Indians,ticularly the Hopi among of the things of from Mormon. Book new in converts of the spacious home great to learn about our glad more I was before, be:en buthas October made Flake, than M. James where more I I'll find in a hope Heaven. Father good 1 a redletter for the24, day 937, was

it. a guests find to follow. hundred assembled. to I pray Vinton road

missionary group of the Snowflake Well, friend, some day I'll be a help added materially to the pleasure of this of Zion. day, VinStake Upon leader to you, a and be among own my in the singing lanevening by two

tribe as his our Navajos. FaBut Polacca, and amongton Polacca and Fanny telling guages of the beauand some in to ther said has us Tewas, Heaven wewife, Reservation, the from Hopi tiful his Indian legends bearing and to for brother wait white our show

in Silver baptizedwere Creek the to of the great the by shouldus kingdom way divinity testimony the to of the Book of the ReserElder Allen Sessal D. I'll I Spirit. understand and Great hope of declared that there Mormon. He

Christ, lots learn beand about and District special arvation God by and lots in are things of trathe Indian the to brother a and Mormons. you come souls theserangement, two happy ditions that secret I are kept this because shall before you, say day Some the at confirmed Sacramentwere it I shall or goes: a now their of sacredness, that but they crowd,—here thatservice day. the of of a mentor people Mormon. become torevealed be the would Elders and

shall of skin thickness seven be The my in the of charge meeting was The missionaries right the time when I is shall that to say be spans—which Sister missionaries.stake Roberta came. offensive actions against anger, proof and

of the SecretaryFlake Clayton, filled criticism. shall heart be with My is just This the one of hundreds

will, filled letterMission, peace read extracts and and a good from mind my evidences that are constantly for the yearning of welfare with a my of previouslywritten sometime Vinby the I from missionary coming endless shall people. endeavpatience Withton Sessal to Elder Polacca D. Alfirmness duty, out carry my and my shall ors the stakes throughout of Zionlen, the following from which for tenderness people. with tempered is be my lives that that touchand God He is shall fury find Neither anger nor lodgquoted:

ment in my mind and all my words and ing the hearts of those who seek to

Let's join in our hearts and be good actions shall be marked with deliberation; know Him and opening their eyes

leaders among our people. Say, friend, in all my official acts, selfinterest shall to the truth which has been revealed

It oblivion. cast into out here. big had a Cast be is about not over snowwe my

it is the16 inches shoulder ground, behind warning of see on so you me the my through the instrumentality of the pretty hard to travel with horse, but I family, should they chide me for any error Prophet Joseph Smith to men in our went up the Black Mountain Valley three or wrongdoing I may do, but return to day and generation.

When eyston traveled faster than any man ON LAND And this story of weather, cars, men, and other things has come from the salt stretches of Bonneville, the world's greatest SPEEDWAY.

put an end to all further speed trials for at least several weeks. By DAVID H. MANN therefore, morning, was an The

occasion for rejoicing: the elements

had held off until the last hour, and

Captain Eyston, British sportsman and millionaire, had won his race against mechanical difficulties and the threatening elements.

CAPTAIN GEORGE E. T. EYSTON, BRITISH SPORTSEddie Miller, automotive engineer

HOLDER MAN AND OF THE WORLD'S STRAIGHTAWAY ONE MILE AUTOMOBILE RECORD, ESTABof Los Angeles, unshaven, tousled,

LISHED ON THE BONNEVILLE SALT FLATS, UTAH, his gaunt, sharpfeatured face, pale

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER TON IS SEATED AT THE20, WHEEL1937. OFCAPTAINTHE "THUNEYS- from fatigue, sat at Captain Eyston's

DERBOLT."Photo by David H. Mann. reserved table. His eyes, darkcircled and somewhat sunken, were

bright from lack of sleep. As he

A Steamy little cafe at Wendwaited for his breakfast, his eyelids

INover, Utah, a group of jolly Enganconstantlyoverpoweringdrooped,desireandtohesleep.fought

lish lads, members of Captain EDDIE MILLER, LOS ANGELES AUTOMOTIVE I dropped down on the floor beGeorge E. T. Eyston's Thunderbolt RILEYENGINEER,BRETT,WHOREDESIGNEDWITH DAVETHEFRANKCLUTCHANDOF side Eddie's chair. "Eddie, you look

IT REBUILT crew, THE "THUNDERBOLT"joked AND and shouted as they ate I said. SO completely exhausted,"

RECWORLD'S THAT CAR THE THE BROKE in breakfast the steakatmosphered "I haven't ON TRIAL THIRD THE ORD RUN OVER THE days or been tired for restaurant. It was the morning of CONSTANTLYBONNEVILLE SALTWITHFLATS.THE MILLERBRITISHWORKEDCREW weeks, until now,"he answered. "I

the 20; seventon November CAR DURING MONTHS THE THREE THE ThunWAS drove with back from Los Angeles

FLATS. ON THE SALT derbolt just had the world's broken flywheel that sixhundred-pound Photo by David Mann. H.

record with Captain Eyston at the and clutch. I forget how many days

wheel. A three months'stay on the a success: Captain Eyston had ago we started to install it; anySalt Flats and several previous untraveled over the Utah salt beds for way, I haven't had any sleep since

successful heartbreaking runs had an average speed of 311.42 miles I was in Los Angeles."

featured the season. an hour—the fastest man had ever It was this Eddie Miller, AmeriFor two days and a night the traveled on land! Dark and threatcan mechanic, who had worked hand

loyal crew had worked without ening rain clouds hung over the in hand with the English mechanics, sleep to get the big car ready for course, and, immediately after the who had made three trips with the another trial. This test had proved run, let loose a drizzling rain which [Concluded on page 53)

THE "THUNDERBOLT"SWEEPING ACROSS THE BONNEVILLE SALT FLATS AT 317.74

BREAKINGMILES PER HOUR,THE WORLD'S RECORD FOR THE MILE STRAIGHTAWAY.

Photo by David H. Mann.

trip to the inlandOur XTU'hen the meaning of "Aloha"and the CAUSE OF THE ChURCH MOUNTAINS

GREATER LOOMED ON A By KAMAILE FIELDGROVE TRIP. MEMORABLE

Director of L. D. S. Hawaiian Choir at Honolulu

strains of Aloha OerTHEplayed by the Royal Hawaiian mmimBand and with good wishes for a bon voyage from friends and loved ones, early last June, wc boarded the 5. 5. Ludine, covered

with leis made from the sweetscented flowers of Hawaii.

This being our first trip to the mainland, every day on the water brought us new and exciting experiences. Some of these were: the

gradual change in climate from the warm to the cold; participating in

sports on unsteady decks; seeing

the vast body of water with not a speck of land in sight; and the daily

receiving of the world's news. Last

but not least the overcoming of seasickness, an experience which brings one complete comfort and joy.

After five days on the water, we sighted land once more. We were

happy and thrilled to see San Francisco with her mass of buildings, long bridges, and the famous Golden Gate, a picture so different from our stately Diamond Head, Waikiki's wavering palm trees, and peaceful Honolulu Harbor.

In order to be present at the opening meeting of the M. I. A. and

first M. the THE HAWAIIAN morning of the convenSisters Kaleion Conference,Primary SOUARE IN I.SALTA. SINGERSLAKE CITYON TEMPLE tion, delighted were to see wekau, Botelho, a United and I took

Airliner for Salt Lake City, while the beautiful gardens, wellkept SO that we could improve our Muthe rest of the delegates traveled by grounds, and buildings. We saw the tuals in Oahu Stake, and we must

bus. Upon our arrival at the airpeople registering at the registrasay that the desires of our hearts

port, we were deeply impressed with tion booth, something that is not were granted to us, for we came the reception extended us by the done at a Hawaiian conference. We home filled with new ideas and enHawaiian Missionary Society of did likewise, and were pleased when thusiasm, strengthened in faith and

Utah, some members of whom we we received our badges. As we enthe desire to do better in our Church

had not seen for many years. The tered the Assembly Hall we were duties than we had done in the past.

to the seats upon stand next leisbeautiful flowers to they taken and thank our Church We also wish to the General Board members. We authorities, gardens usbrought from our former their home Hawaiian

showed us that the spirit of Aloha felt highly honored for the priviMission presidents. Elders, sisters.

was not forgotten but was cherished lege given us at this time. Saints, and friends for their kind

in the land of the mountains. While we sat in that large audihospitality and Aloha Nui to us

As we passed through the city ence, listening to the lovely music, while we were in Utah, Idaho, Yelthat evening on our way to Ogden, inspiring talks of our leaders, and lowstone Park, Denver, Detroit, our attention was drawn to the watched the demonstration work of New York, Washington, D. C,

Temple with its gray walls and high the different departments, we felt Arizona, and California.

towers. A feeling of joy and satispaid for all the efforts we had put We wish to express our Mahalo

faction passed through us, for at forth in enabling us to get to this Nui to Brother and Sister Albert E.

last we have seen the House of the great M. L A. June Conference. Bowen and Sister Ruth May Fox,

Lord that was built by the hands of We enjoyed the different profor instilling in our hearts the dethe faithful Pioneers, a building grams of the whole conference. They sire to attend the M. I. A. Conferwhich we the people of the isles of were very inspiring and faith proence, a trip that will never be forthe sea, have so longed to behold. moting. We went there for the gotten by the fourteen delegates

When we entered Temple Square purpose of learning new methods from Hawaii. Aloha,

CbwihsUi. QjudhbsihL SioM

LET EVE EQUAL X

By ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS

cellence, towering above the level of his mediocrity that were his undoing in the Brandon case. Cuthbert in

AT THE SOUND OF HIS the role of Cupid was no new thing;

FAIVIILIAR VOICE SHE he had been the means of reuniting AND VIOLENTLY STARTED

DROPPED A WREATH RAKtwo estranged but loving hearts as

ISHLY ON CUTHBERT'S UPfar back in his career as the Sixth HEAD. TURNED

Grade; but he was now to learn that

women cannot be interpreted by algebraic rules and that daily good turns are not always received in the had seen Richard and Mary together proper spirit.

a lot: singing side by side in Sunday

"S.EEMS Richard's falgether,School, dancing—"Why,coming into M. II. wonderA. tobeen Cuthbert'srviCHARDScoutmasterBrandon sincehad

len hard for this Eve and she can't what's the matter between him and his Tenderfoot days and was the even see him,"explained Tubby to Mary?"hero of his every hope. He dreamed

that portion of Cuthbert that was "Oh, I guess it was only friendof the time when his ears would lie visible as he delved in the "innards"ship—-Richard's known Mary all his back, his feet diminish, and his unof his car, recently, for obvious realife. Anyway, none of the girls in ruly hair develop the nonchalant

sons, dubbed Lady Godiva. "How this town would stand a chance with wave of his idol's; so he lent an atcome I know so much about it? She's Eve. She's got what it takes. Looks tentive ear to Tubby's tale of woe.

my second cousin and she's here like a movie queen, or something. A lot of water had run under the

visiting Mother, you know."Anyway, she seems to be what the bridge since the day when he had, in

"And she don't like Richard?"doctor ordered for Richard. A feller a physiology test, described the heart

Cuthbert lifted a smudged, perspirhas to decide these things for himas one of "the abominable organs."

ing face to stare incredulously at self, I always say!"Though still rather vague as to its

Tubby, "She ain't got good sense!""Sure, if Richard craves this Eve, location, he was now well aware

"Oh, I wouldn't put it that way,"he's got to have her,"Cuthbert that it was most abominable of all

Tubby replied, tolerantly, "She's stated, wiping his hands absently the "innards"and almost as breakbright enough, and quite a looker, on his trouser legs, "but where do able as his mother's cherished china.

too! But it seems she's got a feller you and me come into it?"Abominable, too, the way the inting involved in other people'sbackfrom—east, or wherever she comes idea"Well,and II'llthinktell it'syou.a prettyThis isgoodmy nocent bystander was always get-

"He ain't in Richard's class!"afone. The way I look at it, a whizz troubles of the heart.

you've gone and got mefirmed Cuthbert, positively, "That like you are at algebra—if you was "Now

kind don't grow back east! And I to say 'Let Eve equal X', and then roped into another love affair just

bet she's not in his class, either!"put the old bean to work on it, you as I was going to take her all apart

"Well, our problem isn't whether can't fail figgering it out!"and grease her good!"he complained

she's good enough for him; it's just For, although Cuthbert had never when Tubby stopped for breath.

to make her Richardconscious!"been one of those students that "Just how do you know he's in love

pronounced Tubby, unctuously. teachers write home about, he was with her anyway? I wanna be real

"Personally, I don't see why Mary good at algebra. He was also a sure before I waste any of my valuWright isn't still good enough for good Scout. The Scout Law was able time on the case."

him. I'd say she was just his type!"Cuthbert's creed and he tried con- "Oh, lots of things. Way he looks

"Mary Wright? Oh, yes."Of scientiously to live up to its precepts. at her, for one thing!"

course, now Tubby mentioned it. he And it was these two peaks of ex- {Continued on page 51)

When youth goes to church

URROUNDINGS MEAN MUCH BY WAY OF INVITATION

AND BY WAY OF REVERENCE.

By KATIE C JENSEN For the Churchwide Beautification

Committee

"HO CAN separate his ideals Youth will be true to fundamentals from his surroundings or but it may not be resigned to things his behef from his every-- which it feels can be improved. day"Wliving?"Youth aims high; it loves beauty and pressed when a house dedicated to

enjoys respectability. life his spread can before Who fact service the the of bespeaks God But could it be that some of us are is for saying him "This and God, steeple to foundation, from from and

too resigned and accept our fate front gate to back fence. this is for myself—this is for my

soul and this is for my body?"with the philosophy that we are So into the needs of youth today

Youth will go to church. It feels brave when we feel that of necessity rides the potential power of atthe pull of subtle religious power in we must continue year after year mosphere in the home, in church, in

the innate drive for joy and soul going to church in buildings that business, in society. Our youth

peace. Youth, as always, is on the are hardly fit for religious service? seemingly will pay a high price for eternal quest; it is longing for simple Somewhere there is a song—"We atmosphere and beautiful surroundhappiness born of a combination of are building to a King."Do our ings. Think of the fellow who never

all the sweets of life; and while it meeting houses look as if they are lifts an eyebrow at a cover charge

seemingly longs "to touch the cup builded for a King? They are for of two dollars as he orders two

Services, His dedicated to Him. twentycent lemonades he when taste—not they worthy? meeting Are our takes out for the his sweetheart to conAre drain—it,"of life with iteageris everlips seekingand

vince itself of something real and houses builded to youth? To enterevening.

permanent. Rehgion is one of its tain the men and women of today Are our churches in the class of

great securities. Youth has great and tomorrow? respectability? Are we proud of

confidence in itself—confidence in How wellacquainted are you with them? Are they the kind of churches

the ability to weave its own design the best youth the world has ever to which young men would like to for living. And into this design is known, the youth of today? Do invite their best girls to attend?

woven much of spiritual needs and you like this rising generation? I Would we welcome in our meeting

religion and the right to worship do. It keeps us on our toes; it house a noted visitor from a far

happily. makes us aim higher and live up to country? It isn't size or elegance or

To some of us, rehgious service our ideals a little better. We may cost or show that matter, but rather

and churchgoing have become a seem to have an impatient youth torespectability, cleanliness, modernnecessity and a fundamental thing in day, unwilling to wait for things to ity, and completeness. Many people

life, but to many of our young people work out for themselves, but it just do not recognize the door of opporit is as yet only a part of the great doesn't like to mark time. With tunity because it is covered with

plan of living joyously and safely. great faith in the future, it wants to hard work.

With eyes wide open and young live today, to go places, seek advenYou have undoubtedly heard of chins lifted for experience, youth ture, to conquer, to enjoy. Add to the little village in Maryland where

looks into the future full of faith and those qualities the desire for the the church members had dwindled hope. In the altruism of its own best, the delight in the truly beaudown to few. A new minister came

being lies the urge for the best of tiful and need for culture and reto care for the flock and the first everything, the best and only the finement and what generation can thing he did was invite the people best. It could be there are times have a more glorious youth? to help him "dress up"the church

when "resignation is the rarest sort Do you believe in "church pull?"with new paint and clean windows

of courage."Something in me takes The kind of pull that pulls youth to and plow the lot and plant grass and

a little hope from those few simple church? There are many of those flowers. When he delivered his

words, but what about our young "pulls"but one of the foremost is a first sermon his house was full of people? Should we have a youth comely, beautiful place in which to curious, happy people because they

which is flavored with too much resworship. Youth beheves in the fithad a personal interest: they had

ignation to things just as they are? ness of things, therefore it is imhelped to create a thing of beauty.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

VouTH appreciates culture and remore important and sacred in a rive, she puts the kettle on, sets the finement, and has an honest house fitting to the Gospel with all table with best linen and silver, pride in things a Httle better than of its teachings of "cleanliness is never forgetting a flower in the ordinary. Aren't we glad they feel next to Godliness,"and "Order is center of the table. Then she

this pride in their places of worship? heaven's first law,"and "if there is changes to her house clothes and

The following is an excerpt from anything lovely.., we seek after"starts to prepare the food. She

a letter written by a young woman it? smilingly explains, "The setting is

in a city on the coast: It will always be true that the as important as the food. The

Spirit of the Lord flows in abuntable and singing kettle make them

Back to church for me. When I was dance regardless of conditions, think dinner is ready. And they

that things weredisturbed so about many the of their because enjoy food more windows, or broken or paint, to plaster, to told to back gohappening you me me only setting."lovely This artificial may be flowers, in any or faded in there our but went, backchurch. I

little old meeting house I just couldn't get spot dedicated to Him, but a big a woman's way, but it works. And

the wanting to go again. The place was part of me fails to vision a Divine so the best sermon may be more imthe of out hotold shabby, and and and to youth if delivered in a pressive appreciate not Creator would who

I all weeds weeds, could see werewindow place. delightful the best best of what and only I the here, thateverywhere. But I am now

in I'd like every to church. day His spirit will to go which havego in we worth? is youth much How How really It isn't church, bigthe a week. bless humanity. abide and shall effort and we money much it is over, old buildingbelieve an madeI

but it's painted white, walls and all, and But somehow I can't imagine spend to make youth love to go to blinds at the veryhas windows, Venetian small, old or new, or Large to church? so much Him, we wish whom

It furniture. hasplain some and woodwork churches such our not of make about please, why some very happy that lights of worshipnice drapes, speak

hi's like feels that removing one little that things neglected mar the tired, flowers, you're andand rest you when flowers everywhere. I believe they are the beauty of His house. shoes and treading lightly lest he

the in right the churchyard. Butgrown divinity. of the disturb presence A environment and atmosphere So all is attractive the of withentrance most if is rarely church

its to the to youth wellappointed doors fundamental to thrown open anyone wide be who seem likes to noisy. worship ever Youth enter. side are lovely tocares each On oldsters respond of Perhaps today. believe with undisturbed. little you trees flowers of pine Do andboxes and too. to them of invitingshrubbery, a broad and pathway lovely meeting a pleasant, me that

stepping stones. A woman I know very well rushes place is a part of socalled church

late appointafternoon a from home feeling of pull? the wants Youth girl church went one back to So if is clock sees the she and ment that security happiness comes and

is into with tune God. Youth time ten to pointing before minutes its given a has community when

it, thingssensitive to the about arto son and grown for husband Lord. of the best the house to

attosusceptible moods. Can

mosphere, music, color, or surroundDo we love youth? Do we want

ings change one's mood? Could we youth to enjoy its hours of worship?

give the final touch to the girl's Do we wish to encourage culture letter by saying no more water spots and refinement in the lives of our in the ceiling, no more stove pipes young people? Do we admire youth

running through wooden partitions, because of its love of respectability no more squeaky hinges or glaring and joy in simple beauty? Then,

lights, no more weeds. let us work and pray, pray and work,

Our churches are a part of our work hard to make our own prayers religion. Every door, window, stepcome true so that the best and nothping stone should send rays of welTHE ABOVE STRUCTURE, WHICH HAS SERVED ing but the best a community can

come to all who come near. Could SERVEITS PURPOSETHE PURPOSEWELL, MAYOF NOWA NEWBE MADEDAY TOA3 offer, will be in evidence When

it be that our religion would seem SHOWN BY THE ARCHITECT'S SKETCH BELOW. Youth Goes to Church.

"f '.- i\i J. S*k

The story of our

DO WHAT IS RIGHT HYMNS WHAT is right; the daydawn is Dobreaking, By GEORGE D. PYPER Hailing a future of freedom and light;

General Superintendent o/ the Deseret Angelstaking above us are silent notes

Sunday School Union and First AssistOf ev'ry action; do what is right!

ant Chairman o/ the Church Music

GEORGE Q. CANNON Committee Chorus:

Do what is right, let the consequence follow;

spirit in and for freedom might; stout hearts look with ye forthXXIV. (jboWkatis people1785. belongingHe was oftohumblethe farmerbirth, andhis AndBattle

plantation class. The Old Oaken till tomorrow;

first will protect you; then do what the AmerGod was among (Right Bucket

is right! that appealed kind ican songs-—the

It in day. that fancy popular to the is visit the right; are the shackles recent of the what DoDURING 1817. of in written the summer was falling. writer nations to the of Euit the still of is Chains there, no longer bondsmen to referred well The

rope, he found joy in the is asserted, but the bucket no longer are bright;

they'll hope, Lightened cease soon by spirit inmusical of the Saints liked in it. urban Samuel all hangs galling; to be missionaries taken havelands. The early communities became and goeth apTruth onward; what do

the lead in some countries and the prenticed to a printer in Boston right! is

local Saints ardently followed have Russell. Benjamin From named

is right; and be faithful whatin this the of development importhen Do there Haven, he went to New fearless, fieldtant of work. Gospel he conducted They to York, where New the goal press onward, Onward,

seem to be following the singing weekly papers named The War, in sight; is

rules of John Wesley, who wrote The Halcyon and The Ladies'GaEyes that are wet now, ere long will tearless; be follows: asthem zette. thirtyeight In 1823, when await you in doing what's tune. the 1. Learn P. of age, with Morris Blessings years George right!

2. Sing printed. as them they are Mirror York he established the New it3. all "If Sing cross to you, take is a

it up and you will find a blessing."which for many years was the lead-

4. Sing lustily and with a good courage. ing dramatic authority in America. to Kiallmark in any of the encyclo-

5. Sing modestly. bawl. not Do pedias or music histories examined author the of a romance was He

6. Sing not run in time, do by him. before or stay of the 1812 entitled of war Chambehind.

all, Freedom. He died Decemof spiritually. sing7. Above an pions Have The Hymn sing. eye to 1842. in every ber 9, God word you

at pleasing than more your Aim Him was not Though Woodworth not among was hymn a nPHE Mormon self, other creature. or In order any very his song became Smith. selected those by Emma this, strictly attend to the sense southerner, to do

of what you sing, and see that your popular especially in the south, As far as known it is not of Latterheart is not carried away with the sound, where the well and oaken bucket day Saint origin, but, is one of those but offered to God continually.* were about the only means of sesoulful poems adopted by the

curing good water. Out of the many Church, a waif in the realm of song.

rules These by the famous Methwritten songs The by Woodworth, it in our to be included came Howodist to found be useful were by is the only one Bucket Old Oaken is told book by Assistant hymn the missionaries in their singing and to place his name on the pages of Church Historian, A, William Lund.have in been adopted by them spirit. history. with that in a conversation He says it seems, hasThe practice, always late In a collection entitled Twice 55 the Duncan M. McAllister,

been followed by our people. They PlusCommunity Songs, the tune of which occurred just before Brother

have taken what they regarded as The Old Oaken Bucket is credited McAllister's death, the latter said it.truth wherever they found A Kiallmark to E. with the statement that while George was Cannon Q.

this ofgood example is the custom it that in originally appeared Araby's presiding British the Mission, over adoption of the hymn now under Daughter, a part of Thomas Moore's on one occasion he attended a conconsideration, "Do What Is Right."Lalla Rookh. The writer has found ference in Scotland and there heard

The Tune a poem in Lalla Rookh which corsung for the first time, the hymn to the responds of meter Old The Is Right. so imwas He What Do in tune used IsTThe Do What Bucket. Oaken it that pressed the twelfth when with

is Right, from adapted the popedition of the Saints'Latterday thee, to farewell Farewell, daughAraby'sular song, The BuckOaken Old ter, in published book 1863 was hymn et, written which was by Samuel direcCannon's George under Q. Peri (Thus the warbled a beneath dark in bornWoodworth was who this tion, in included sea,) the was hymn

inGreenbush, the Scittownship of lay, pearl ever under green Oman's No collection, but no one had anyuate, Massachusetts, 13, January water, it. of knowledge wrote who

its in shell pure than in spirit thy More *Lyric Religion: the Romance of Imthee. Do What Is Right cannot be

mortal Hymns, by H. Augustine Smith, classified as a sacred hymn, and it

The Century Co., New York. The writer can find no reference {Concluded on page 56)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

She hastily copied the address and again began juggling figures in left the street car her head. There was a pay daythree blocksLIINDAbefore her destination NONE due tomorrow but her slender check

in order that she might enjoy the certainly held no surplus. There

late autumn afternoon to the utmost. was one possibility. Nancy Grey

Occasionally she stepped off the had long wanted to share her apartpaved walk to kick her way through BUT THE ment but Linda enjoyed privacy, piles of dry leaves, just as she had so had never invited her to come.

done as a child. She sniffed deeply If she let Nancy in, she could save

of the faint odor of burning leaves close to twentyfive dollars. If she

and dreamed of crisper autumn days allowed herself no spending money BRAVE she might manage the other ten.when perhaps she would do some

such cozy thing as sit before a fire- A This with the twentyfive she alplace and make cinnamon toast SHORT ready had, would make it.

while the fire roared defiance to the SHORT Of course there were possibilities wind outside. STORY that she might not want the coat or

Ordinarily Linda had dreaded that it had already been sold, but fall and the thoughts of winter comLinda's hopeful mind refused to ing. It meant more money for By MABEL HARMER dwell upon them. She must have

warmer clothing and more substanHarvey and she must have a fur tial food. But this year it was difcoat. In some peculiar way gaining

ferent. Linda was in love. the latter had become completely

She was very much in love with essential to winning the former, in

Harvey Atwood, a tall young man her own mind.

who had not come out of the west Some few evenings later when but spoke vaguely at times of going Harvey called to take her out, Linthere. Linda had not known him da, outwardly calm but inwardly

very long and she hadn't the faintest quivering with excitement, handed idea whether or not he was in love him the fur coat to hold while she with her. She only hoped he was. slipped her arms into its comfortable

She was not so dumb as to believe sleeves.

that a girl sat passively back waitHarvey whistled and turned her ing for a man to come and sweep about twice. "Say, lady,"he began

her off her feet. Of course a girl earnestly, "don't you know you are

pretended to let a man do all the going to get into trouble sooner or later safe?"the rob if you company a from waswooing—it retorted, laughed and Linda if shethe beginning lost didn't—butcause

sell at the these they "Nonsense, that a well subLinda enough knew tle touch here and there was not to five and dime."

be scorned. "Yes, I know,"he answered, "the

As she walked into her tiny apartpictures of them."

ment and drew off her wraps, she '-f.K The effect of the fur coat apparbegan systematically to take stock ently was all that Linda had hoped

of her resources. Linda had spent coats. No, the prices today looked for and she was happy. It mattered

the past two years as a filing clerk higher, just as the coats looked more little that she wore a shabby dress and had learned to be systematic desirable. One that seemed espeunderneath, that her shoes were

even with her soul. cially to beckon her was marked at thin and her dinner meager. When

She was pretty, intelligent, and one hundred and fifty dollars. Linda she sat in a movie and saw the herowhat is generally known as a 'nice'sighed as she thought of the mere ine throw the inevitable fur wrap

shoulders, raised her her Lindagirl. think couldn't dollars that twentyfive had been from Next—Linda herself, said to proudly head andof a 'next'. set no beautiful a winter She had wardrobe. aside toward

home in which to entertain. There She decided to save anyway in "I have one too."

were a few good friends but none the hope that a miracle would hapin February, eveningthat could a as influpen. be counted bring on could sandwich She Q'ne to dinner Linda andential. that Harvey took stunning the nights There were no for lunch on and

clothes. If she only had a few loveHarvey took her out she would go a movie. She noticed, although she

ly things! A black velvet dress, for without dinner. They usually had pretended not to, that he looked at

instance, or a fur coat. Oh, if she something to eat if it was only ice her a great deal more than he did

could just get a fur coat! That would cream or a plate of chili. at the picture and she was flattered

be her piece de resistance. In the Daily she searched through the and excited.

novel she had just finished reading, newspapers for some 'sale'that When they reached home she it had been a pearl necklace but she might offer a purchase within her threw the fur coat carelessly over was sure that a fur coat would be means. Finally in the classified a chair. This was only for effect

more practical in her case. section she ran across an ad that as if a fur wrap were a mere inciOn her way to work the next day blazoned forth from the page and dent in her life. Usually she hung

she glanced in every shop window made her pulse mount. Someone it up with great care. She sat down

to see if by any chance she had wanted to sell "a luxurious fur coat, while Harvey took a couple of turns been mistaken about the price of fur almost new, for only sixty dollars."{Concluded on page 54)

The gospel T GOES TO LAMANITES nrHROUGH THE ACTIVITIES * OF THE SPANISHAMERICAN MISSION.

By VAUGHN GREEN Secretary and CARL H. JACOB

Formerly of the SpanishAmerican

Mission

isted in the land of their fathers at a time when the Europeans were

THIS OF DRAWING A PUEBLO WITH WOMAN

OF DRIED HER BASKET CORN, THE STAFF OF the Indian characteristics, drifted barbarians and the Romans a few

LIFE OF THE SOUTHWESTERN INDIANS, away from their traditions and acscattered tribes on the banks of the

BY HER STANDING HOUSE AND ADOBE BEEquired the language of their CastilTiber. They bring the interesting OVEN, ELDER HIVE SHAPED MADE BY WAS

that LAWRENCE before information long Herforebears.

OF THE COLORADONEWG. DOWDING, PRESENTMEXICO PRESIDENTDISTRICT. ian first set foot Cortez on Mexthe following decades that nando During

saw their land wrested from Spain ican soil at Vera Cruz, the forewith the liberty of Mexico, and then fathers of the Indians were Christians, visited personally having been the a century before it in part of that north of the turnNEARLY the Savior of the Creator and of by possession a landed Fathers Pilgrim on Rio become Grande

Plymouth Rock, history was the United States, these two peoworld almost two millenniums ago.

disthese of modern The words ples, cousins, Indians the and their in that vast expansebeing made refinding are ready of the seminators north the SpanishAmericans souththe Spanish Great asknown in the of ception of hearts many south, the the Mexicans on and years river the hundred Duringwest.

before Miles Standish, Roger Willived side by side, tilling the sunthese original Americans, because beliefs similar to they find many soil, the of little dreaming baked liams, were Winthrop and John of those legends their White God civilization that glorious once was in de England, Cabezaknown New prolifically the represented so by their forefathers'the long before and Coronado, FranciscoVaca,

Friar Marcos de Niza through their Spanish conquerors made their applumed serpent on the Central explorations and adventures in that pearance. American and Mexican temples.

land of wonderful contrasts along History in a measure is repeating BEFORE THE BAiSKETBALL GAME IN THE

GYMNASIUM. SCHOOL GOVERNMENT itself, to these people has come and emthe were indelibly Rio Grande,

players left to are, reading right: Seated The missionaries. of a group These new on the pagesblazoning Elder Despain, young their names Val SpanishAmerican two

Gomez. and Thomas the unpreceded by of immissionaries, Tales History.of American Elder Gardner, Ralph Vaughn lansword, and bringing no new Elder Green, of the M Standing—ElderMen,FiladelfioBen RomeroMiera, one Men, M fabulous wealth andmeasurable

cities caused hundreds of Spanish guage, have come toi apprise them CarlHenry,Jacob,Cesario,and andthe Jimmy.four LujanThe brothers,Indian teamJoe,

Dons to leave their old world Villas of that culture and glory that exis on the right, and the Mormons on the left.

and cross the sea in search of New

World gold.

Along with these adventurers, serving to temper their iron hand, came missionaries, who, with more altruistic motives, succeeded in bringing the bronzed natives under the influence of the Spanish culture and religion. These same natives,

to whom Columbus had given the name of "Indians,"saw many of the invaders, led perhaps by the romance of the country, take to wife their most beautiful sisters and daughters, and thus they saw spring up on both sides of the Rio Grande a new race—a race that, although it retained

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

150 OF PUEBLO INDIANSA GROUP OF THE known by the Spanish or the earlier modern archeologists in Mexico, INSAN PUEBLO JUAN CHAMITA, MEXICO NEW

LECSLIDES THE HEARD THEWHO SAW AND to that Missionaries Nephite inpeople. Central America, and South an

TURE ORIGIN ON THEIR FOREOF THE found, like the terest in that have modern They record remarkable L. S. was D. FATHERS. THE MISSIONARIES FOUR

CAN SEEN BE HASWHICH THEIN SLIDETHE REARMACHINE,OF THELEFTTABLETO theorists of education, that a large kindled in the hearts of those in

RIGHT—ELDERS LAWRENCE G. DOWDING, percent of all learning comes through attendance, as evidenced by the fact

VALDEN O'DONNAL, THOMAS KERBY, AND the eye. Almost every pair of misthat 162 remained after the meetCARL H. JACOB.

sionaries throughout the mission is ings to ask for and receive a copy

This God, called "Quetzalcoatl"equipped with a portable film proof the Book of Mormon in Spanish.

by the Aztecs and "Kukulcan"by jector and strips of film depicting The film was shown in schools, a the Mayas, appeared, they mainanything from "Latterday Saint C. C. C. camp, Indian Pueblos, sectain, to their predecessors in the Leadership"to the "Ruins of Mextarian churches, private homes, halls

distant past to teach them the plan ico."Especially in the use of the rented for that purpose, and on street

of life. These young proselyters, latter kind of film, where there is a corners. Perhaps the most unusual

most of them in their early twenties, direct personal appeal for these modway the lecture was presented was have brought a history written cenern descendants of those who left before a crowd in a street meeting.

turies ago in the language of the the archeological relics, have they To open the proselyting work in the ancient Americans and translated a been successful in the distribution new field of Carlsbad, New Mexico, few decades ago for the world by of the Book of Mormon. Elders Green and Jacob, along with

a youthful prophet, that gives the N LESS than a month's tour over Elders Lawrence G. Dowding of

very basis of these legends. I Colorado and New Mexico with Salt Lake, and Clayton E. Chantrill

Thus, with the Book of Mormon the film "Before Columbus,"put out of Newdale, Idaho, obtained a some seventyeight young Latterby the Church Radio, Pubhcity, and vacant store window which they day Saint Missionaries of the SpanMission Literature Committee, Eldwhitened with Bon Ami. Then reish-American Mission under Presiers Carl H. Jacob and Vaughn {Confinued on page 44)

dent Orlando C. Williams with Green, presidents of that district of THE TAOS PUEBLO, ONE OF THE OLDEST AND

headquarters in El Paso, Texas, are the SpanishAmerican Mission, with MOST PICTURESQUE OF ALL NEW MEXICAN carrying to the thousands of Mexthe help of the local Elders, appearBEAUTIFULPUEBLOS, SITUATEDTAOS MOUNTAINS.AT THE FOOTTHE OFPUEBLOTHE

CONSISTS OF TWO COMMUNALican, DWELLINGS SpanishAmerican, Indian and ed before 2,228 Spanishspeaking TERRACED BUILT IN THE STYLE, SCRAPER SKYpeople the of the United States true people in seventeen BY A LITTLE meetings. By SEPARATED MOUNTAIN STREAM

knowledge of their ancestry. Livshowing on the screen the tangible THATTHAT DIVIDESFLOWS DOWNTHEM. THROUGHIN THE CENTERTHE PLAZAAND

ing in a scientific age, these missionevidences of the authenticity of the BOTTOM OF THE EDIFICES IS A LARGE ROUND aries have many advantages not Book of Mormon as discovered by THEIRROOM CALLEDMOST SACREDA "KIVA"RELIGIOUS(N WHICH,CEREMONIES.ARE HELD

Australia celebrates

BY DR. THOMAS D. REES

President of the Australian Mission

ed with ships from many lands. She

has some of the finest ocean beaches in the world where thousands of people go each day to enjoy the sunshine of a mild climate. There are

only two seasons in Sydney—springtime and summer.

Ferry boats cross and recross the

BONDI BEACH, NEW SOUTH WALES. harbor every hour of the day and

A COLONY THAT BECAME night, while electric trams run to the

A NATION suburbs and villages that nestle

YjiTHlTE MEN HAVE GUIDED HER AUSTRALIA, as a nation, was cradled among the woods and hills. BeauDESTINY FOR 150 YEARS AND in the colony of New South tiful parks weave around the conin 1788, Governor CapWales, when center. gested business Museums, INFLUENCE OF THE ChURCHTHE into sailed BotPhillips tain Arthur libraries galleries, are open and NEARLY FOR perart FELT THERE ships,HAS BEEN a eleven with and any Bay

A CENTURY OF THAT TIME. sonnel of 1,000 odd. From this point, to the public

of the city Sydney, which is now contiThe yearround mild climate has the over colonization spread nent, and isolated settlements were developed a love for outdoor sports.

made at Van Dieman's Land, MoreTherefore, the government has proPhillip River, Port ton Bay, Swan fields for grasscovered vided wide the will celebrate latter beRiver. These Torrens andAUSTRALIA all kinds, including recreation of of the colonies Tasmania, came of white 150th anniversary cricket, baseball, football, hockey, Australia, VicQueensland, Western

settlement in 1938. The toria, and South Australia respecttennis, and many activities. Horsecelebration will center in the city of ively. racing is one of the most popular

Australia has century begin- a Within Wales, SouthSydney, New is carried nearly pastimes, on and pioneer- "Colonial"passed the from will continue 26th andning January day. every week the stage fevered ing romantic and is celebration 25th. Thisuntil April diggings. the has of gold days She Australia industry of premier The of landing the ofin commemoration tracts of primeval reclaimed immense

is flocks woolgrowing. Her merino forests 22,000,000 brought and odd Cove. at first settlers Sydneythe

equal. have no built Commonwealth cultivation; The acres has under the com1788, under 26,January

railmiles of approximately 27,000 of the world's onefourth produces Philhps. Arthur Captain ofmand road, for constructed huge and dams yet, flocks represent her wool, only

irrigation. conservation water and the to sent Invitations been have the onesixth sheep. world's of She of over a capacity have dams

all to nations come ofpeople prosheep 114,000,000 feet. which has acre develophas to These4,000,000 SheAustraha—the land of sunshine and ed 24,000 manufactories, and estabduce a wool crop of about $1 72, 000,-

cities lished that the largwith rank join in the celeannually. exports 000 Muttonopportunity—and finest est in the world. Australia, and to March of "Australia'sbration nineto nearly one hundred amount too, to contribution her has made

Nationhood."civilization in science, art, and literty-eight million pounds yearly.

The city of Sydney has a populaature. Lamar S. Christopherson.

tion of a million and a quarter, pracAERIAL VIEW, SYDNEY HARBOR.

tically all of whose ancestors came from the British Isles. The same is

true of all the inhabitants of Australia, the exception being the few remaining aborigines, who live mostly in the big interior.

Sydney claims to be one of the busiest commercial cities of the world, and is second only to London in the British Empire, The city surrounds a beautiful harbor and spreads out over rolling wooded hills. Her business center clusters

close around a fine, deep, irregular waterfront. Her streets are filled

with traffic, and her harbor is crowd28

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

Australia is fortunate in the possession of vast rich grasslands suitable for dairying. The annual output of butter is more than $68,000,- MISSIONARY000, and of cheese $4,000,000. The A

brings $9,000,- abouthog industry are MLJthjL acres000. 12,500,000 of wheatplanted each year which produce MAT

about 184,000,000 bushels. Of this PLDER J. MaRSDEN WiLLIAMS GAINS

approximately 120,000,000amount varieties Amateur Welterweight WrestFruits of allis exported.

grow luxuriantly in most sections of ling Honors in Australia.

the country with a yearly estimated value of $2,800,000, Australia claims the largest cattle ranch in the world, which embraces He is Mr. J. M. Williams, an elder

an area of 1 3,000 square miles. The ofterdaythe ChurchSaints,of whoseJesus Christmembersof Latare

country has about 13,500,000 cattle. known as Mormons. Contrary to

are sheep ranchesThere some topopular activities which several nottaining acres. a million than more beliefwives—inabout Mormons,fact he heis hasnot

are encon- THEday'sNEWmissionaries married.

is he's say, of the crop Grand annual sugar cane "a Americans The As friendmak- their in tering interesting, possessed and yields tons 4,000,000about which guy"—keen, errand, truthpreaching ing, our During of humor. sense keen of a sugar. acres tons of528,000 20,000 of field interest- I learned every conversation many almost cover

rice. inare are used producing There religion. his facts ing about endeavor. human wholesome i> * * other industries too numerousmany these of newest latest and The Athlete Crackto consist mention. of exThese that has methods broadening to give Williams, Joseph Marsden railroads, coaltensive mines, metal refull just attention twenhis born was name, to him our was comefields the of are veins where some in Blackfoot, Idaho, tyone years ago in Alward to us Ben ported by

thick, feet a hisover early received eduhundred A., manufac- S. U. and clipping a newspaper of the form at the cation School Moreland High centers, steelturing plants, vast and a AusMirror, r/ie West from part in leading took Blackfoot. a He sections. lumberinghardwood its in trophies athletics in which, publication, and won many tralian

Australia is an island continent as issue of Saturday, August 21, in track events. Leaving school he

large as the mainland of the United 1 937, carried the following story wentand representedto the UtahitAgriculturalin all track Collegeevents,

States. Her population is less than and captions with a picture of wrestling, and baseball. Leaving col-

7,000,000, and is found mostly in the the missionary: lege, he joined his father in business,

big cities near the sea coast. The but two years ago he was called upon

arrived in work, to do missionary and 1935. 30, on Decembervast interior is sparsely settled. PERTH'S"AWRESTLINGGRAND GUY"PARSON Sydney

There are few lands that produce Gives K. O. to Stories of Mormons'He spent seven months in Sydney,

as much or have as much food per Many Wives and while there a team of Americans, capita as does Australia. No Collections in Hii Church includinggame againsthimself,Australia.played aThisbaseballwas

The city of Sydney is the largest (By "Don") only the second time an AllAmerican in side played Sydney. hadin the Commonwealth. Through parsons fighting old of the days Victoria he spent in The months Two portsher pass most of the the with died they products are gone; roaring before he Australia Western came to

big stateof the of South the ecclesias90's. New when Time was in September last* year.* clothed often cloth human very as as the well forWales, the tical imports

same big section. dynamite. Parsons and priests rubbed Doesn't Smoke or Drink

shoulders with the good and the bad, During our conversation he told me,

Melbourne, another great and the tough and the weak, in a holocaust when refusing a cigarette, that membeautiful city of a million people, is of work. bers of his religion do not smoke

his as tea, as good or drink coffee, cocoa, or alcowas about man A all the often fists liquor. holic him; and proved aresituated on the sea coast, 700 miles two not forbidden They

to the south of Sydney. biblical argument in the world wasn't by the law of the Church, but are

As early as 1 840 our Church sent aspunch.convincing as that packed in a offtaughtwithoutthat them.the human system is better

missionaries to this country. Today Old Coolgardieites will recall them; Another interesting fact about their

we have churches in most of the big Godserving, goodnatured men, meek religion is that no Church collections cloth; their in black are allowed mild enough and the and from nobodycities of the Commonwealth. There

of once apostles punch highest but veritable dignitary receives stipend. anyare four branches in Sydney, two rolled they their sleeves and up were missionaries,"he said, "have "We

of which own their own meetingwere goaded into it. They were the pay our own way wherever we go."to

houses. men who saved this State, at a time At present in Perth are five miswhen some of the worst and toughest sionaries, four being Americans and

types in the world rushed headlong one a Western Australian. The lathere for gold, from becoming another ter spent ten years in Salt Lake City.

American Gomorrah. Mr. Williams is District President of

fighting parsons! the breed A great Western Australia.* * * in of sin. a cesspool Clerical Caesars

At the Unity Stadium last night Mr. Williams expects to be trans- -1 history's pages were turned back a ferred to Tasmania within a week or

leaf or two when a parson climbed two and said that he would regret through the ropes to contest the final leaving W. A. where he had received

of the welterweight wrestling title. every kindness. He won the final.

TIME CHRISTMAS WISH

By Luacine dark Fox By Coursin Black

feel that say we should time rolls we on... SOMETIMES AND for Christmas Sonny, Day."just "No gifts Irrevocable and

Whose infinite machinery is oiled by Before he's done, this Great Musician,

Human's destiny. Sister needs a prompt physician;

Spanning rhythm.... And when he tires of making noise

Unexistent; He breaks her doll, this worst of boys!

Marking tempos.... And yet, although he drives us frantic

Mere illusions; We could not do without his antic!

Not appearing nor apparent But, Santa, please, when next you come

Still in being We beg you, don't leave him a drum!

Never changing Always stalking on and on....

Time. EVENING MEDITATION

By Harry Elmore Hard TOMORROW STREET HOOFBEATS WOULD go on forever through this dusk,

By losc Bennington I Compounded of silence, mixed with wanBy John Sherman Walker ing light:

I night into the to praise on along. would go dewy pass HAD some

hooffall of light a woodland deer its pungencies, perfumed as musk. Inhale men,I Like all good he craved it. THE

the pale moon As to the disturbing equally sense And sing song I wouldTomorrow my aisles; forest Lights time, with intimate one becoming Of it. I thoughtlessly, saved And

antelope of Soft, fleeting patter twittering these swifts Into void gray whose

I traveled down Tofnorrow Street, Over sage dune climb

My good intentions paving And hill defiles; With winged and geometric eloquence.

The road which Now, with stumbling feet, Crescendo beat of the mustang band

Succeeded fast in caving. Ever pacing Man's racing heart has need of quietness

miles; The western the forever with speed sun He cannot

left praiseFor Death has my pound unsaid The thunderous garden, where, needs a of the bison herd Thought day when it. to speed I cannot hope racing BHndly is done.

piles.And For I nowrepent,he anddoesn'tbowneedmy it.head, A loosereinedO'er prairielope as the Indian moves UntilIt maya drinkmyriaddeeplysilverofmemoriesthe earth'sshinelargess

On the wartrail; Like stars entangled in a mountain pine.

A sixgun speaks, BEADS And the cowboy comes with clatter of hooves By Mabel B. Hutchinson To rule over all; MENDING THINGS

plains peaks; and West Barlow Ora Haven By

countless are the WORDS of plod oxenyoke little beads The patientMY blue; of the a bowl pace slow Within And I've spent my time TODAY size packtrains; shape and of every muleBeads Of things: mending At

Beads of every hue. And on hammering hooves a record's made The broken gate.

Now some are shapeless, gaudy beads, 'CrossIn the westernP. 'X. raceplains. TheThe warpingsplintereddoor.bed.

Repulsive to the sight. The medley wild of a hardy horde

Some are beads like evening stars Surging goldmad I checked the shed roof o'er,

Ghttering and bright. To 'Fornia's coast; Bolted fast the stove,

of cavalry Militant beat grate the furnace made troop And

I to write ballad stern Like a poem want So when more. once To shake

thing, paltry host. the say some Leading Or

for beads bowl I look into my contrite heart, With string. upon my To thread brings daughter Then

to doll broken Her me I choicest the Although want I'll if fix wonders And CHRISTMAS HOUR difficult find; ones, A MOTHER'S to They're too. That

the on ones top—So Pratt Andrus By Itva kind. gaudy TheI justshapeless,take glue with so And

smile. sings her She make trailing yellow white, I moonlight, THE life to her again. is sweet And through came

NOT AS THEY SEEM The window of my room last night and flew

By MyrfesMarie Plammer BetweenTo place theher corneredpale, soft shadows'hands in coolgloominesscaress TodayAt mendingI've spentthings.my time

small of son the face Upon my earth tell is round; the that me the there I bed THEY knelt in by worship While

it is square; I think But fly that ahead of felt rush the dreams And PLEA FUTILE THE frequently corners I hit sharp of each hour a Christmas and days make Of

tear. bruise and often That Oscar H. Roesnev By her mystic to lay moonlight comes When

power not the earth moves, say They tides turn, time, oh, us of bear and npURN, alight, o'er a small son—hope the sun; With right; this does not seem Now - back once bent more mother dreamrobed another For once is I here, happiness think When all the raistar-bright that glory the strange glows on To crib and wove By manger of sight. out sun moves My

... fair youth's shore ment

One plant to every seed is grown; That mothers wear whenever moonlight But the rushing tides they turn not, ah! now,

That logic is unsound; slips or ever will;

I planted seeds of thoughtlessness. Across a sill to kiss the smiling lips Each day youth's golden shore line recedes,

And what a crop I found! With thrill of a small son. grows fainter still.

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"\ Velvet can now be made in crushdreds of stars which revolve about a colds, though not the actual number.

proof form by a special process of still larger cluster, much as the earth A number of scientists'have recently dipping in formaldehyde. Treated veltravels about the sun. found that limiting the carbohydrates,

vets are reported to retain their shape sugars, and starches, reduces the freperfectly after being crushed for hours. /ARBON dioxide can be used both to quency of colds.

> preserve and destroy. Used in 4

/RCHiDS are valuable for more things extra amounts in the atmosphere of reTEAFNESS in some people can be than wearing in corsages. In frigerating chambers, fruit, eggs, chilled cured by means of a new delicate

Venezuela and Brazil, prospectors for beef, last better. As a substitute for surgical operation. A new circuit for

iron ore are guided to such deposits blasting powder, to permit safer operthe sound waves is made by cutting a by a certain type of rare and beautiful ations, compressed carbon dioxide, suphole through the bone into the inner in cylinders, place is used. ear of the one blocked to take the orchid found on the ground above such plied

>- formation. bone by abnormal deposits.

T Tair grows half as fast again in the 4

HThe New York Zoo has found that warm months in summer as com- A SYNTHETIC emerald of compara- a feeding of 30 or 40 pounds of pared with the cold winter months. ''* tively large size and good luster

freshly killed chicken, feathers and all, Whiskers cut, measured, and compared has at last been made, according to the is enough to last a big regal python for with the Weather Bureau average temclaims of two German scientists. The

a full two weeks. The giant tortoises perature for the previous day are the process is at present laborious and exfrom the Galapagos Islands, weighing basis for the conclusion. pensive.

as much as 300 pounds, are fed on lettuce, apples, oranges, and bananas. A NEW method for preventing ice for- A CURIOUS headband, "decorated withThey relish huge slices of watermelon. mation on airplane wings uses the the sixpointed star common in the

> waste heat from the exhaust pipe of liturgy of the Hebrew faith,"has been the airplane's engines. The heat is profound by archaeologists in Northwest- "*

jected against the leading edges of the ern Arizona. The band was found with

wings where ice generally forms and basketmaker objects by digging underthe heat warms the wings. neath the prepueblo levels in a cave.

npHERE are giant pictographs of men, snakes, and horses, on the ground near the bank of the Colorado River south of Needles, California. The

largest white figure, that of a huge man, 180 feet long, is best seen from the air.

The figures were made by uncovering the white stone which became a glazed

TJoRSES, birds, and monkeys as well surface after centuries of exposure to as humans get seasick. Strangely, the elements.

fish being sent from the Galapagos Islands to the New York aquarium were Cugar has been made out of water reported seasick. and carbon dioxide with the help

is light. itself ultraviolet of Sugar the of "long law"be 'T'he arm may

light exit emergency operated by An finding applications. useful new Comelectrically insulated gloved. An"cells turn automatically to dry on acetic bined with (vinegar) sugar acid police, glove a powered by by worn

fails, circuit the also which powerwhen it to cloth to give applied a can be coil, small battery spark temcan and offturns the back power comes when it glossy appearance waterand make arrest, resisting porarily those paralyze ison, the market. on Another now proof. of cent addition 6 sugar per The aftereffects club the without a would

is pocketsizeduseful item a screwtensile to the sandlime increased mortar leave.

driver with a small flashlight which strength of the finished joint 60 per cent.

throws a beam directly on the work. Another compound of sugar is now HThe idea of the earth's being round

in lacquers. varnish used and Though familiar philosophers to Greek was

resins synthetic most from are made is not absolutely barPole North'T'he fifth of B. the C, century The earliest carbolic formalin, patacid recent and of life as ren be imagined. might is Plato. clear reference by

indicate ents useful resins moulding can seeing reported Expedition SovietThe sugar. be made from bird after landing. there thea day that estimated been Tt heat enough has > several seen thenSince kinds they have is earth the received the from by use poison gas against ants npERMiTES in birds, bears,of several polar and to an. layer sun ice melt earthly of 424

seals soldier enemies. other andthe sea water, hares open and The feet thick year. Engineers every have

life. casteliving a project has the gland marine can which on a eight that calculated during an hour

liquid, quickly evaporating forming a tropics in radiates the the sun onto day gas, poisonous halfinch. distance of a a is disease nations of a mental"XX/ar mile square to equivalent energy a

-- 'is coal. individuals, the of instead 7,400 opintons burning of

ion of the scientists taking part in a Oy using artificially made radioactive - special session of the American Psyphosphorus in the study of the brain, Tn China, where alchemy was practiced centuries earlier than in Europe, thechological'- Association.- brainregrowntissueandisrejuvenated.proved to be constantly one to escape main misery goal wasXJew knowledge of the structure of——of death. There were nine medicines

if the has been reported thought made correctly it was Milky Way

University. immortality. conferfrom Harvard 'XT""7hatof largeto docompaniesabout colds?using Avaccinessurvey whichwould Another A new

astronomical subsystem has been disshows that they seem to reduce the medicine would enable the eater to walk covered which consists of some hunseverity, duration, and complication of on water and fire uninjured.

.

dUoiaL

and thereby made it easier for the sympathetic, JudbihsL D ihsL Ssuniifv X 0. S- forwardlooking Utah State Board of Education

to allow the high schcols to give released time and a small credit for Bible study.

TpHE FIRST "L. D. S. Senior Seminary"was opened Since that time the work has gone steadily

twentyfive years ago to serve the students of forward through the friendly help of state and local the Granite High School in Salt Lake County. This Boards of Education and high school principals

was not only the beginning of an epoch in the and faculties. Within the system, growth has

educational endeavors of the Church, but also a come from the enthusiastic, intelligent support of notable contribution to the educational philosophy the programs set up through the several Church and practice of the world. There are now 95 such commissioners and superintendents of education,

institutions serving 19,032 students; and in their by the many Stake Boards of Education, the hunwake have followed 13 L. D. S. Institutes, cordreds of seminary teachers, and the tens of thouresponding to seminaries but of university grade. sands of students.

The completion of the first quarter century of this It has been teamwork for human good. All

successful activity is worthy of celebration. who have taken part must feel today a real sense

The Latterday Saints have ever held that reof satisfaction in their contributions to a most ligious and secular instruction should have coordiworthy movement.

nate places in any sufficient educational program. Congratulations are offered tO'the L. D. S. SemThe rise of the public high school, under the docinaries as they enter their second quarter century.

trine that rehgion may not be taught in public May these institutions of spiritual learning long of use except schools, by the made this impossible, continue to prosper in the A. W S. L. land.—/. private device. D. a "supplementary"The

Seminary is the answer to this need—for need it is,

since without religious education a man may more easily become a menace to the world. tii

The L. D. S. Seminary, then, is a private school,

of high school grade, located near a public high school, in which Biblical history, and Church his- |F UNDOUBTED current and future historical intory and doctrine, are taught by fully trained and O terest is the reproduction of clippings on the accredited teachers. Students of the high school opposite page, representing eight languages of

spend a full period a day in the seminary. One eleven European countries, all of them commentunit of credit is usually allowed by the high school ing favorably or impartially on the Church of for two years of Bible study. The two institutions Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints—its leaders, its

are totally distinct, though necessarily friendly. doctrines, its activities, its people.

Each helps the other. These clippings represent uncounted scores of

The chief objective of the L. D. S. Seminary is like press notices that greeted President Grant and

character training, based on faith in God—that is, his party wherever they went in Europe—in Engreligious education. The subjects of instruction land, Wales, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland,

are really vehicles by which this objective may be France, Germany, Belgium and Czechoslovakia.

attained. The L. D. S. Seminary has been shown Great metropolitan dailies in the principal cities of

to be a satisfactory instrument for this purpose, Northern Europe devoted thousands of inches to for it invades the rights of none, is fair to all. This favorable accounts of the "Mormons."

is a matter of earnest congratulations. Frequently these notices were given front page

The effects of this educational venture have been positions. Often they were accompanied by one,

excellent. Many high school principals declare two, or even four column pictures and streamers,

that school discipline is greatly improved by semiand this sort of treatment contagiously filtered nary training. Youth in their formative years have down even to the smalltown publications. The

had their thoughts directed daily to man's relationsame generous press reception was accorded in ship to God. Dignity has been given religion by democracies, in monarchies, and under the rule of

giving it equal emphasis with the subjects of the dictators. The same friendly welcome was exhigh school curriculum. Knowledge of sacred histended by the conspicuous great and by the intory, and the effects of disobedience to the Lord s conspicuous. And such treatment has in recent

law, have strengthened men and women in the limes been commonly granted our missionaries and midst of life's temptations. In song and prayei, members before and since the President's visit.

reverence and devotion havt? been developed. The

pupils have learned to love God. Such training So great is the contrast from former decades

brings joy into human hearts and peace to the when, in these same countries, our missionaries world. were mobbed and imprisoned, our beliefs distorted

The Granite Stake Board of Education of and despised, and our people slandered and shun1912 built perhaps better than it knew, when, ned, that we are led almost to exclaim: What is

urged on by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, it crystallized this miracle that God hath wrought, and what thing

into an institution the vision of the General Church is expected of the people of His Church under the

Board of Education. The University and State grave responsibility of the seeming favor and praise

Agricultural College gave timely aid when they we find among the thoughtful of all nations!

accepted Bible study ardong entrance subjects.—R. L. E.

Praha ve striedu YtjAii "> BKIIAIN ll.srpna

President Talks oj;;Moven "s J. R. lSt)37Clark

Af<fe/-o, WORK BEGAN IN THEfPe sy,?n1lsh '6/,,'e/'ftfer '0 hleddvEvrope45iniliardKG

"/ "Jer ZrUStnl MIDLANDS posUnI t EvropS /6e president amerlckeho m& 't cizich pfijek STaza majiteM bl

J. projcd- R "!, Clark.ktrry 1e "Wet KWj'snde ccl6 Evro|>i ot.lxky n4v4 IS TPOLYGAMY se BANNED NOW jlpatiiA; dluhd * tiplAue.iiych nl 'tko,

aniiviostAtAni Jn "Side luilltird v-i ve 45 IU. ii **1(/c, THE "yep CF'RCH Spojeniuk:Zastlhtl Clarka *''sfe pana jsme v t***?S:S'j

.\Uantie<t Poiiftt, hotelu Na al e'.pptiuil.i Similiiif the Spfcinl one MeTcurii (hat fni diieika ubytoviin je kde ode Vt< -lioulij fo aeccpL

tin".;E.NTF;\ARY of 'celebialions Hlii'.-h )"; nl n'iK'verhad.t<'

p?tal)li?liiiicnl llie of Monimii \clillg oil St

tmi'oh ai'o country hi being \e!ld this illAveekend.tliiri eW*

At'hisiholel in yesleirlav fjondon 4e r. Heber J. Grant. Preficleiil of AV

e Mormon Cluucli. told llie

tndiiij Merrill;/ how )00 \C3r>

fo the first Mormon missionaries tliisinie counlry slarted and Lo<;.?-leir in.workto the Mirilnnds x*......el>JnlJ'tlioreherei said, he iarg'-

ofjmbers people Noncon-,<>'VwB'—wei'e PL<

irmists hfid iirokeii njosllywho fi otv -5?,"'

v< rlijiiion.vay from organised

a;;e.\Uliough of I years Hip

isesiaeiit ilie rull to 83upright fxteut!'i

his feet. His z1 *'i rsix t clipped ai

aiidjrd glasses n; -+e'e him-- dipearaiice of an di 11 i 1 t f s of a g icli fervour, but

1 f. trilby jaunty Cl.ric lAy

v; tin the4 gay

pHjexdu Londns. z po v6m bij C( air ol banned an

'<.*f> ZakUuadleni Clurkov.vin jodsndly lo s***-* ho'skiilha Tlie dluhiix ohromni successescliarm. na A) inrssioiiariesBut

tliose sti&iikacli, 800 early zaJsou V mi t sluiider on vSichiii was Spatnl uneninlssionariesil)y remark- '>1 dluit v6t dnes tole,"I'resisaid \ii*.,*,. "*>ra6 mezispo- *'ilt Grant. PHS>1DE,\7 n\r * l'rtierlce

example,.\siu

refordsliire T and rieighbourlnj l-Q Jlo - xa /i '"andeinties Mormonlcirtens 1,800 wero people 'Sf u 200 eii.6cll 43 fo Of administraMve dliitlige pa og k( 'fT)

vlida- a So..atl viboo 0/J r/r i Bergen. leder."lyf.Uo na /7(

(lENKOMST DER MORMONEN J. Heber Gran k, f>r.'c Den 814rige TE UTRECHT 'AR6USdela1>RES hvssyfi kirkes [orteller om sin

"Voit Tout"De heer Grant voerde Heber J. Grant er I De forened* ttr Us PLUS mClEIIS BUBEU DEXTRAITS OE P

finaiuverdtnto. bet innen st(>iTel woord (sskjent 37, Rue Berger, "fn PARIS'VoriBoonscie

et Vestfor direktsir av sitter fejii te 'ig Utrecht, som OcJ,'itS'Z-*-*'"."n S/;i de ki<i 80iarke s nl9'"Cflteenaw, Graiit de Profit pr og asuranselskaper, store statenes de xtrait iSan d<l\zijn '? te doorMifi "3*.,aadereMende I iaO* sprekers,'sters> i bankstyrer. flere siderer d—Van hede heer Grant het podium- '''er,V, 'de"''V"''*oos'"fc tii(/rM van"?'"S"-a"-*"*"Anfungert som menneskealder hafn te..*/"'''S mogen.deren. aldus spr. jsu for leder Hetmet: moradnj-: delig og voor mil 'Gran?moBjijk te denken, m het ai \g'than. i o-'oo-f""-"- helCen, ''afea. monkirk'.Jaiei {teleden datis, dat it5?'.endehng '5T0RY,m OF MORMON het Jand ovtrevangelie for ''/iChristus verkondigde. p Sedert dienk stein mogen verheffen in vele Ro*d-'*.SSS'tELATEDBYLTDEI Dra'-ySU|ta fe taijnom getiugen, dat Jezus Chiistv lobereVBuildtngs, op verschenen was en \o- oj>aarde,aarde,0 -?><\- weer AMERICAN, door Jozef 1 'CLUi --tssue dated..oaie". |- -;ssue

.r'C SAINrronFrsesidentei'eber jtr/f. LATTERDAY J. Grant, tKE presideni; tl oticashire rch of Daily LatterDay 1 Saints who age of 12/ eighty, Fishergate. has a fami Preston. AT o;*'.- linety, PRESIDENT including WORLD fortyseven U''t> Me'ienimer hltstaaende grandchildren,issue dated. yesterday Rskke En trace CONFERENCE ROCHDALE of the highlights bespger of Klrke troublE mormonske k den Indenlor,-oVl* ion history to <<>'members it of delde hvor KiiSbenhavn, I'can Club of i Dage disse Paris at the TO luncheon. JOY sidste OP i MESSAGES De M0derMormon.=# Rjekke i en Centenary tager 1 Grant, his face framed in MISSIONARIES.,-0- AlU. i Borups,1 Tempel. white beard HeUige"s and Dages spectacle Cetiti the concluded nigkt no signs of Monday r the weight Mormonkirkens selve betinderCelebration a. Bl. Chi Jesns on of years. Church ththe ofoJ inference "Between inference C'eighty an WeoerHeber 81aarlge81-aarige comicomn denden meetingsmeetings he Praesident,Praesident, declared TheThe Saints,Saints 0verste0verste itter enthusiasticalh ter DayDay

ii J. Byen.Byen. I sigsig expect n wee last City,City, to of get 'edn. Wednesday LakeLake SaltSalt even on Rochdale mo: j)aily frafg qjGrant J.j \ Mirror,>ne."BankofRibble He tackled especially,especially his subjec Missionsprsest -vieen-emi,-K-eekemi, thethe is irins hos 'f'''Rolls jraeffer Buildinga, 7 ham Fetter Lane, y; E.C.4. relish, i/ious not as 1 a perso anden en ogsaa——hvor Petersen,Petersen L.L. a creed and marmar philosoph "centr centr from attended ivho hissionaries nemStede. til er iled Person but as one statin fremtrdende rity majori.,, i, the At world. Historic the ver Recollection lets in europsiske whichdefense, needed den elucida no forfor PraesidentenPrssidenten of wliichwhklJus important Ug most the "sions, their pd mere statement. hvmart. thefl R. RicJiord Hall, Mr. Town Eochdale Mission the Preston in 'ifii our character was beyon thejj is who Grant, J, Heber was pfakev our reputation was exceec nrst Churcli, sermon in Britain onJHE Mormon the behalf of president said, he his eyes twinklinj ot belie the Faith Mormon Church the was of s preached "bad members the reputation"whlci Vauxhall revektiopi Chapel, his Preston, claims church to cen- a:idehoml,f who ft emigrate prophet fror7l1-?[T.-jrago. con scale to largest Ohio, the was to"'Nauvoo This an few tl daj's A since later—exactly the 100 held X murder of Cliurch Joseph I.tlio an Mormonesterday—nine vears"Lancashireilth converts by were a hundred-- Uormonernas Cartiaage i....'-.Eng'and Lv to arieslaptised fmissionaries the river Ribble, m Preston. Thev years Prerton ago a"in today, origiaally to me rao;Saljere settled\;iii"ccame first the 1,500 ago. Grant converts ir made plrfl] to week.ngland 'within pJlgrimaBCS.. ofa year. i"'b-', the.J I'beyhe Inst"aft

,. f",. missionnlission ot 143... fhpthe men Tl..u-l-nnFroston thre and at inlerest ical historic NEAR THE the led future TRAM contmuatiq BRIDGE a for home Kocbdale *to

"='''he September, Bridge. Tram Preston. b 1848."Thi Sharing Rochd.-ile Ifii, sessions, CO cohfr H '''"ts, all from parts of \iraid the Brigham Young, sut Vital T, ""uflstSf.a*'America assembled,! returnedi In desolatew?/v,LJfil, wastes. tto - 'commemorate the 11 centenaryesterday,f the \ nons Opposed

Soft Americanbaptism. accents mingled with Lanlid:—dialect as the party of 140 lir granted that I elders, an and members of the

faith, liers because led would President you J. HeberJshireiissionaries,tornion.-rant of Salt by.City, Lake arrived \methhig of by the labon motor

,,..10V from Rochdale, where the centennial Ineers of the Mormor era"''lachinference is being held. J I do Mormon.tSer Church wai Sundr.Missi

i V York. It Previous to encounterec the service by I river, the the

I opposition,party latei hart > visited thetlie and t Wilfridstreet, whercl?e!tAa litier, the first wliich missionaries was ther lodged, had the| lencl,rencLpojoorrold built Ih In cockpit, Klrtland the and vauxhall chapel. odt finest i'building me

:ir\tvPrayers were offered is yVElder it J.f claime'"Alma \

Salt in 'of Preslon, the and the 1fimenial i5'"'''yChoir of earold Heber Churchi young eightylwoMormon otL'tah, Citv, sang iesideutIke men anthems.

EmLondon, Waterloo, ".. cirto-r 'FIRST I..IN onrouieroutethe enen r...--EUROPE'itain "leftBritain"

in part *-''-'to take bronzeA plaque, ofHe's'bearing the words thelortorin 'Mormonism of boattr.iiii,boattrain,hereyears ofbeen 100 tssGrant"!Grantebrations first the baotisms Britain. Mara. by Great the Church of rae Jesus Christ inof av tet - SbatB Saints, Day July 30th. 1837, theCommemoratine:jropettterver Ribble, Preston, was unveiled byin the 'i<:*..,;-\sema oc...1SS*1...-vntvesident.

MVosa ir*el, so The Telegraph] Sheffield was union plawjwfaichJack and the starscovered Street, Sheffielij Court, High and withstripes,tha Idinewill be placed in a London tet chapel. \AAorm

hmLun RICHARD P. CONDIE NAMED planned during the teaching season in and one sister, Lillian B. Connelly of

TO ASSISTANT TABERNACLE convenient places for the seminary leadSan Francisco.

POST ers. It is also planned to have conNovember 13, 1937

DiCHARD P, CoNDiE of the Faculty of ventions of Churchwide nature. President Alma L. Peterson of the

that Mission reported peomore 'of School and Music the McCune MRS. LUCY W. SMITH Danishple joined in the had Church Denmark of "was Art Conductor named Assistant PASSES in the during year than 1937 any year AWAY choir, inthe to according Tabernacle

First the released formation by PresijVRS.* wifeLucyof EmilyGeorgeWoodruffAlbert SmithSmith,of Novembersince 1913. 14, 1937 11, 1937. Condie, dency, December Mr.

Bayles Wendell Thomas was ordainthe Council of the died Twelve, Nothe a tenor, a graduate of New EngBishop of the Parowan Ward, illness West 5, 1937, following of ed vember an of land has Music, Conservatory studied extensively in Europe also, and several years. At the time of her death, Parowan, Utah.

has been prominently featured on the Mrs. Smith was a member of the GenLars Willard Nelson was ordained

concert stage both in Europe and Amereral Board of the Young Women's MuBishop of the Mink Creek Ward,

Oneida Stake. tual Association, Improvement having ica. Spencer Cornwall, He will assist J. 21, 1937. called to that position in been 1908. November choir conductor, Tabernacle and will

continue to be active in the conducting (See also page 44.) Louis C. Jacobsen was sustained as

of the Church Music Courses. She is survived by her husband; two Bishop of the Fifth Ward, Pioneer

daughters, Emily S. Stewart and Edith Stake.

MISSIONARY PASSES ON S. Elliott; and a son, George Albert Arthur H. Glaus was sustained as

A FTER having completed his missionSmith, Jr. PioneerBishop ofStake.the TwentyFifth Ward,

in service ary the GermanAustrian 28, 1937 November KIMBALL MARY CONNELLY last Morris Mission Melvyn May, President dedicated Heber Grant PASSES in Berlin passed while away Cowan South Chapel. Jordan WardJ. of 11ARY the the one Kimball, Connelly the of opening school awaiting at sustained Frank as Mozley was J. gifted most of the Church, women to University, Heidelberg he which had of bishop the Liberty Harvard Ward, passed after 24, 1937, November away a scholarship. been awarded Stake. illness. lingering a eight years For

to previous her death, she had edited SECURITY STOREHOUSE the Society Relief and served Magazine on the Relief Society General Board. PLANNED

Prior to that, she had served on the A T A convention of the sixteen stakes. Young Women's Mutual Improvement comprising the Salt Lake Church

General Board, serving as editor of the Security region, held in Barratt Hall,

Young Woman's Journal from 1907 Sunday, December 12, announcement until 1923, when she was married to was made of a contemplated regional

Andrew Kimball, then president of the and central storehouse to be erected

St. Joseph Stake, at Thatcher, Arizona. on railroad trackage on an eight acre

President Kimball died two years later. tract in Salt Lake City, and to include

Mrs. Kimball is survived by her facoal yards, women's activity centers

ther, John Connelly of Salt Lake City, and possibly grain elevators.

MELVYN M. COWAN

He had filled his missionary call valiantly, arousing among the German people a keen interest in the "Mormonen"who could play basketball as well as preach the Gospel. The Era published

Elder Cowan's interesting account of missionary activities in Germany in the

September, 1936, issue of the magazine.

CHURCH SEMINARY CONMISSIONARIESARRIVEDLEAVINGNOVEMBERFOR THE15, FIELD1937—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTDECEMBERLAKE MISSIONARY2, 1937 HOME

VENTIONS HELD Left to right, First Row: Varil G. Harris, Rupert S. Hulet, Ester Stephensen, Bertha A. Howell,.

npHE Church Department of EducaVirginiaSecondLionel!,Row:EvelynLymanM. Wettstein,Epperson, MeihaOscar Kesler,T. Tracy,LydiaDon LL. Lee,Earl,BoyceEIna L.West,Benson,Lyia MurrayRJobinson,K. Jacobs.S. Melba Powell,.

tion has adopted a new plan of conLione ThirdChristensetv,Row: OrrinEdith A.Smith,Madsen,FrankRexT, 0.Bateman,Watson, HomerGall P.U. Hendricksen,Christensen, AlmaRen Smith.E. Watterson, Jr., Grace Loveducting its instructions to the seminary land, Dorothy Heath, Nellie Taylor; Aleen Francom, Bert M. Wheatley, Glen Royle, Welting Calvert, Carl W.

and institute leaders. This new system Salmon.Fourth Row; Dan L. Waite, R. A. Saunders, Daniel W. Perkins, Glen W. Carter, Glendale Mouritscn,

provides for regional conventions to Don R. Wheelwright, Alta Brooks, Louis E. Johnson, Arnold E. Payne, Alfred D. Keetch, W. Dale Granney.

which the various teachers may bring Cloyd FifthMecham,Row: ArvelJ. D.Stratford,Bagley, LeRoyWallaceJohnson,0. Anderson,John Wm.HarrisonPalmer,Scott.Clifford Gee, Virginia Rickes, Ralph Patterson,.

their problems and offer suggestions for Sixth Row; Bennett E. O'Donnell, Fay Walker, Lyie A. Peterson, Isaac W. Lee, Lee L. Frodsiham, Eldon

bettering the instruction given in the Pugmire,SeventhW. B.Row:Duce, MarionMarlin G.Bingham,Forsyth,LeslieWillisN.S.Freeman,Hall, OrsonGordenN. B.Allen,Miner,EarlDeanN. R.Klinger,Bingham.Viola Sttock, Varion

seminaries. In connection with this C. Hodgkinson, H. W. Macfarlande, Edward H. Campton, Gilbert T. McKlnley, Ned M. Morgan.

plan, three conventions have been held Lester,ESghthCecil Row:R. Bishop,Earl Banks,H. KeithThadKeller,Bulkeley,HenryJohnR. Lambson,B. Phillips,WestonLeGrandeR. Harper,H. Sadler,BoydAlfredCrabtree.W. Bush, D. Marion.

up to the present: one in Richfield, Ninth Row: L. R. Porter, Glade N. Peterson, Elmer Hammerschmidt, D. Y. Higginson, Albert Maxfield,

Morgan, Lawrence Morris, Lynn E. Nelson, 0. Jensen, W. Esplin. Woodrow Karl Norman G. in Pocatello, Idaho,Utah, one and one Tenth Larson, Corwrn T. Row: Ravsten, A. Vance Yorgason, Eldon J. R. T. Dike, John Briggs, Claud)

in Salt are City, Utah. Others B. Lake Hale, Nathan J. Mangum, President Sessions, F. Ward, Sessions. D Dwayne Magdalen W.

The Psychology of the life of those who see and live beyond accredits Brigham Young with being

Unadjusted School Child the worldly present. The love interest the father of the Little Theatre move-

(By J. J. B. Morgan, 1936, The in this story is clean, virile and rement in America and the old Social

Macmillan Co., San Francisco, freshing—and thereby lacks no vitalHall with being the first Little Theatre.

California. ity or realism or romance. On the All plays which were presented in

"Oecently one of our foremost educontrary, it is apt to make one young the Salt Lake Theatre were opened by

Saints have Latterday always deserves ideas. prayer. High Type again—in said, School cators Sunday "The

all their this in practise of pleasure observed reading and be to read—for in expert theteacher weekday and

it religious. social affairs both positive proand thoughtfulness the for the relyreligious on education should

- is interesting an com- L. This book vokes. E. R. childof adolescence andpsychology

activities the the of on mentary Morfully teacher."as other as anyhood Rejected Crown The will in the theatre prove and mons is in funteaching methodologyGood Inger, E. Copyright by (Archie W. J. in interested those are to valuable who of the psychologydamentally based on California, Hendrickson, Alameda, intensive of the Piostudy an making in the students,the they which manner pages, $2.50.) 338 C. neer /. dramatic movement.—M. attention learn. Specialbehave and field the of to novels addition npHis in the to individual given each bemust

the events characFor and on based Your More Money peculiarities talents his unclass; and

Publishing Bennett, Chemical (H. follows Testam.ent the of New his ters to contribute toderstood and made of 1937. York, happenings major closely and those Company New class. the to that as as of wellgrowth

Price pages. 251 in four the $2.75.) of characters Gosspoken

is as thing perfectly a such noThere wellconceived pels to adds them and all their child; of adjusted have them is interesting guide writbuyer's npHis plot characters, appealing a strong and slight or idiosyncrasies maladjustown aid to conten published as and an is interest. doubtful propriety love Of to the a that each problemments make it reveals general In sumers. a way intimate concommonplace a too and this teacher. should conscientious But the practices of manufacturers and the of of the ception and deeds words as a opportunity regarded mightybe by all sellers of of merchandise manner in listed Savior. book's the be To the desires to teacherthe make who the services puts and on buyer and is its strong favor, and however, movhis in finds condition of every hemost It guard. covers nearly twoscore be- (after story a slow ing somewhat class. classifications including drugs, cos-, its for ginning case unshakable and ) in his excellent most and Morgan, life radios, insurmetics, automobiles, soul, the the of immortality the Godeasily book. read Psychology The of textiles, ance, clothing, building maHis of ship of Nazareth Jesus and discusses, Child, School the Unadjusted terials, refrigercourses, educational grave. the death over and triumph of, exnature gives the explains and It etc. ators, flavor of the of smacks L. E.—R. utilizing plicit of the a suggestions on is genbut Consumers'more Research

great number of these peculiarities of A History of the Theatre eral in treatment. It leads one to the children and adolescents—and adults IN Salt Lake City profitable if disillusioning conclusion

too, for that matter. At the end of (Myrtle E. Henderson, Evanston, that "things are not always what they

each chapter are lists of "Practical Illinois, 1934. 161 pages.) seem."R. L. E.

Hints for Teachers."It is my opinion

author's to introducthe A CCORDING that possibly teachers could our Church in Children the Family note, spent considerable tory she find easier to better or improve no way Anderson, ( Harold Appleton- H. D.

in facts she for the searching which their to time instruction of quality the than 1937. York, Century Company, New treatise. this in content included Not to carefully out carry read attempt and pages. 253 $2.00.)

diaries, journals, and programs, with in this set forth principles the book.

newspapers. Henderson Miss wellqualified sought p\R. comes Anderson that greatest well our too all knowWe

those have firsthand would people who telling difficulty attentive to the his task of is not and good parents what child, but is the one whom we have information concerning the place vhich to do with Children in the Family, for failed to reach by the ordinary means. drama held in the lives of the early he is Assistant Professor of Psychology

By using these psychological principles, Pioneers. The volume is completely at the University of Illinois, and was

the teacher reaches better all types of annotated. formerly Research Assistant Professor

the prayer sounded The dedicatory Billie of of Child AsPsychology the Iowa WelHoilingshead. students.—Dr theatre be should keynote of what the sistant fare at the Station State Research Professor Brigham of Education,

Young University. and how activities should be conducted University of Iowa, and in addition he

in it. The author wisely treats the has the distinction of being a father to

Type High early history of the Saints which made two children, a boy and a girl.

(Paul Dayton Bailey, Suttonhouse it imperative for them to leave Nauvoo. The book is full of helpful, workable

Ltd., Los Angeles, 236 pages, In addition she considers the signifisuggestions on the proper treatment of

$2.50.) cance of the early dramatic organizayoungsters whose lives are beginning

A native of American Fork, Utah, tions which preceded the erection of to unfold in this strange, adult world.

"who now finds himself in the printthe Salt Lake Theatre. Of great sigThe chapter on "Discipline"is exceping profession in Los Angeles, has here nificance to Latterday Saints is the tionally strong, and should be read and

written his first novel, and it is well statement of Kenneth Macgowan in his reread by every parent. The chapter

Avorth the reading. Its fascinating story Footlights Across America in which he on "Emotional Behavior"offers valucarries a stranded young man from a able, practical solutions to such negsmall Idaho to Los Angeles, community

printing apprenticeship through and on AGE ativeand toemotionsthe positiveas fear,emotion,anger, love.jealousy,,

into journeyman printer and benedict By Louise Linnae This is the kind of book which all the story to Idaho. contemplating will people marriage back While do—and tones deeply echoed from symFAINT flavor, strong has read. in to well no teachers Leaders it by and "Mormon"phony,

will of to the formula means conforms the Church they which find much score, quiet of impassioned a Ensuing religious novel. The title, a printing The breathless lull that comes with final key can apply to their understanding and

term denoting standard excellence and Is peace that falls when age has crossed handling of the classroom situation.

precision, symbolizes the standards of the door.—M. C. /.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Let's Read MAKE YOUR OWN BUTTONS The White Stag (Roberts and Rand, Henry Holt (Written and illustrated by Kate and Company, New York, 1937. By Margaret C. Moloney Seredy, The Viking Press, New

598 pages.) "Deing in need of many buttons for York. 94 pages. $2.00.)

Tn addition to giving interesting inher new tan wool coat, Betty, in T/'ate Seredy's two previous books.

formational articles which will focus her third year of high school, with The Good Master and Listening, young people's attention, this book is the aid of her brother, converted oldhave become part of the reading hervaluable because it turns the attention fashioned black walnuts into butitage of the school children of America.

of its readers to the possibility of tons. Her latest book, The White Stag, will

speeding up the reading process. The appeal because of its artistry to adults

reader, whether adult or minor, needs first of all and through their enthusiasm to check himself occasionally on the to the lives of children. Miss Seredy

rapidity of his'reading. Each selection takes her readers to a little known rein the book has the number of words gion; that of the Huns and the Magcounted for it. It becomes then a relyars, into their tradition and their misty

atively simple matter to time the speed. history. In her own words, she says:

Many of the selections have also comThose who want to hear the voice of prehension tests following the selecpagan gods in wind and thunder, who want tions. In this way the accuracy of to see fairies dance in the moonlight, who

reading may also be checked. Parents can believe that faith can move mountains,

can check themselves and their famcan follow the thread on the pages of this

It is it fragile book. thread; cannot a bearilies better train to themselves can and "I for credit give brother must my the facts of dates. weight andreading. got admitted. idea,"the Betty "He six sections into divided book The story begins the before of The dawn the idea walnuts sawing when m Play,""People"Animals and Workis history traces the preand myths which case. half are for the There show Pictures Interesting,""MovingAre birth. Attila's ceded is beaubook The ( ) in the for the meats spaces many 'Sports Games,"Radio,"andand tifully written illusexquisitely and shell, of needles admitting walnut "High and World,"Modern"The C. /. trated.—M. are sections six colsizes or themvarious carrying thread TheseSpeed."

selves stimulatingly subdivided. For orful yarn, as needed; and right in

section, "Sportsinstance, the under Tales of a Chinese Grandmother small the very a hole—rather is treatment thorough a Games,"and (Frances Illustrated Carpenter, by if drilled, one be two centerholes—may under Magazines;"of Use Hasselriis, To Malthe Doubleday, "How thread."to use wishes

is a discussion World,"Modern"The City, Doran and Company, Garden it take from one saw And, who Diet."Newspaperon 1937. "Your York, 261 pages. $2.50.) New

it idea. coat, finished a great the was educators throughout the That

world are becoming conscious of our Betty's woolly tan coat with its wal- 'T'he dedication "To my father, Frank poor reading habits is manifested nut buttons here and there and G. Carpenter,"recalls to the minds

through constant articles which are everywhere will go places, taking its of most parents the very delightful now appearing in leading magazines. wearer along, of course. geography books which he wrote and

That The Improvement Era is for- A band saw was used to do the they read. Most children will be as

wardlooking is evidenced by the fact work, after which the buttons were delighted with the daughter's work in that in August, 1936, there appeared sandpapered smooth. gathering the tales of the countries

article telling Your in thean To Improve on "How described—and 472. If walnut is not the desired shade, whichof thosehetales, Habits,"Silent on page to portray Reading she does much

Reread that article. In Hygeia for the buttons may be touched up, to be the conditions of the people. Tales of

September, 1937, on page 811, appears sure, any color wanted. a Chinese Grandmother is the third

an article on "Speeding Up Your book in which Miss Carpenter gathers

Reading."Read that also and test folklore. The other two books are

yourselves and your children on your Tales of a Russian Grandmother and reading habits. M. C. J. Tales of a Basque Grandmother.

C. /.Lucky Little Lena—M.

(Marjorie Flack, Macmillan Company. New York, 1937. $1.00.) Humpy, Son of the Sands

(Hamilton Williamson, Doubleday, piCTURE will helpbooksmotherwith veryduringlittlethosereadingdifNewDoranYork,and Company,1937. $1.00.)Garden City,

ficult moments when dinner must be served in spite of the fact that Junior /NCE in every so often, a really clever and Betty are demanding attention. child story comes to light. Such

The illustrations of Lena, the little a one is Humpy, written delightfully dachshund, will captivate the fancy of and illustrated cleverly by Breta and the most active child and will thus give Elmer Hader. The printing is large

mother time to put the finishing touches enough and the words are chosen on the evening meal. M. C. /. wisely enough that a first grader can

easily get the fun from the story all himself. if the family decides by Even OF THE BRUSHDRAWINGSONE

all night, to use readingaloud HASSELRIfS IN it on itsBY MALTHE "TALES OF A CHINESE GRANDthe members from Dad down will findMOTHER."something of interest in it.—M. C. /.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938 r.FREE! GARDEN BOOK

Ready in January This book contains 100 pages concisely written \with lull color illustrations. Just

brimful of information vital to very planter.

It describes the nevr and worthwhile in

Flower, Vegetable and Farm Seeds as well as Roses, Shrubs and Trees. In fact

A MOST VALUABLE GARDEN GUIDE Send for your Free Copy PORTERWALTON CO.

Seed and Nursery Specialists SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

HERE'S HOW!

now—it'sCakes? tooPies?closeCandies?to holidayNotseafor

sons! No, let's have something

which will take the sickly sweet taste from our mouths and yet satisfy our desire for that finishing tasty touch. Well, here it is, right

from the Globe Mill recipes:

PIMENTO CHEESE POCKETS

2 cups flour Globe "A"complete biscuit CHART shows how to detect hidden 1/3 cup each of milk and water

Pimento cheese character traits.

Measure biscuit flour, add liquids, and mix thoroughly. Turn on floured You and your friends will have loads of fun when you

for 1/2 minute, about board, knead thickness. inch Cut first spread out this big handwriting analysis chart and and roll to V4

with a 21/2 inch round cutter, crease begin to analyze each other's handwritingIt is perfectly dough through the center, and lay amazing how the dotting of an "i,"the crossing of a a small slice of cheese on onehalf of each round. Moisten edge of "t,"the slant of writing, or the way "w"and "m"are

dough and fold over. Pinch edges formed show up character traits, emotions, mental abilcheese. together to enclose Bake fyfiirarn i. MTTCKCU., t o ity and temperament! But as you study the chart more at 15 minutes. about 425 degrees

Doesn't it sound yummy—and carefully, you'll find that this ability to analyze character

easy to make after all these bustling through handwriting is really valuable. Social notes,

holiday menus?

* * * OLOBB MILLS friends'letters, your child's school papers will all

Whewl That was a strenuous become interesting from a new angle—what does the

handwriting tell about hidden traits, character, ability. Yulefun—andseason,nowwasn'tthe familyit? Buthaveit wasall

recovered and are about their regular duties. That is, all are recovLEARN, TOO, HOW TO GET A PROFESSIONAL READING, FREE!

ered but mother—she bore the brunt Send a box top from a package of Globe "Al"Pancake

it all, of the tidying extra up, the and Waffle Flour, at once, for your free handwriting for the gettogeth- cooking informal er. Yes, there's an extra tired look analysis chart. It will explain how to get a valuable, perjust threatening the perhaps and of sonal analysis of your own handwriting by a professional

It a wrinkle. might to drop into pay

the beauty salon for just once in a graphologist free.

while and take the works. Quish

School of Beauty Culture in the

Ezra Thompson Building, in Salt

City, will Lake accommodate the box top from a d you &B0 feel whenever you that you need. to '. Ipiicak selfconfidence. renew your O LOB i J'llJ

Are the grays and whites and flour WlSMm..>IKm

blacks of winter beginning to wear on you? Nothing to do about it? Oh, yes, there is: bring a few potted KeEI

plants to into the give riotous house THE BEST PANCAKES AND j GLOBE MILLS, 907 E. THIRD ST., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. to color and watch grow. them

That's one thing to do about the WAFFLES YOU EVER TASTED! | I am enclosing the top from a package ofGLOBE "A l"Panof winter. sameness thing Another

is to get out the catalogues and beIt's"Al'TancakeandWaffleFlourthe buttermilk in Globe II cake andWaffle Flour. Send me the free handwriting chart at once

gin planning for your summer garthat and I these pancakes makes I name dens. PorterWalton, 42 West First tender; lighter waffles; more

South, in Salt Lake City, will eagerand more delicious. YOU'LL j ADDRESS,

ly help you in both ways. BE GLAD YOU BOUGHT 1-2

GLOBE "Al"CITY -STATECONDUCTED BY THE MELCHI2EDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH

FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

TO PRESIDENTS OF STAKES rumstake shouldpresidency,seek dij-.cussan interviewthe matter,with andthe

December 4, 1937. causeFirst Council.recommendations to be made to the

Dear Brethren:

INPlan.THE December,In paragraph1937, numbernumber of5, ThepageImprovement768, under StakeEra is Supervisionpublisned theisNewindicatedPriesthoodhow sionTheof presidencythe Seventiesandremaingeneralas supervihereto-

each stake is to organize in order to supervise Melchizedek Priesthood quorum work. fore with The First Council of the

The purpose of this letter is to call this plan to your attention and to ask that you Seventy. The splendid new program

that this it will to early function without delay stake be so committee ready organize in both stakes the being adopted now in January. for holding of time as to the change the these stake will brethren for committee, Seventies are be or needed on more One the study, of meetings, the course and of the stake Priest the of committee agents the with Seventy. contact quorums High The

members, as members of the committee, will likewise contact the quorum and groups of various activities such as Church SeHigh Priests. Any of the members of the committee may, of course, contact quorums of curity projects, does not and is not inElders. tended to make any change whatever

This stake committee is an extremely important one. Its members should be wise, in the present system of supervision

active, capable, and faithful. The General Authorities must hold the stake presidency under the direction of The First Counresults. for this responsible of Priesthood should be Every quorum and Committee collaboracil of the Seventy, who, in

possible. activity as as vigor into soon andbrought for tion provide presidencies stake with this organization the early of attention? please give Committee Will your you One

labors, integrity, the missionary and is details chairman. Further organization, the the concerningof presidency stake to be

duties and activities of this Committee will be published in The Improvement Era for steady development of the quorums of

January, 1938. Please let all concerned take notice. Seventy.

Sincerely your brethren. The representatives of Priesthood

The Council of the Twelve, quorums who are members of the ward

By Rudger Clawson, President. security committee should act as a

ward Melchizedek quorum committee

STAKE SUPERVISION tion, the member of the stake presito assist in furthering projects of comdency who is chairman of the stake mon interest to the quorums and the

Allwithquorumcare themembersabove shouldletter fromread securitychairman committeeof the stakeshouldMelchizedekbe the SecurityPriesthoodprogram.of eachTheward,AdultunderAaronicthe

President Rudger Clawson of the CounPriesthood committee. The two compolicy of the Presiding Bishopric,

cil of the Twelve, addressed to the mittees need not have the same memshould have representation on the presidents of the stakes of Zion. It bership; but the stake Melchizedek ward Security committee.

shows the importance which is being Priesthood committee could sit in, as supervision and properplaced upon desired, security with the stake comSTAKE MISSIONARY WORK of the quoofcoordination the work mittee, to projects discuss of mutual rums of the Priesthood. interest to the two committees. TOURING the ten months ending OcIn the December issue of The ImAs will be found under the instructober 31, of this year, 962 persons

provement Era, page 768, under partions of the Presiding Bishopric, a rephave been baptized and 2,073 inactive agraph 5, stake supervision is exresentative of the Adult Aaronic members brought into activity, as a plained. The Stake Melchizedek Priesthood of the stake should also result of the stake missionary work

Priesthood Committee should consist take part in such joint deliberations. conducted under the auspices of the

of at least four brethren, a member of First Council of Seventy. The October

as acting presidency,the stake

Seventy, with a chairSUPERVISION OF SEVENTIES report1,839 missionaries.shows 99 stakesThisreportingis a vividwithman, a High Priest,

and an Elder as members. In the larger HPhe supervision of the Seventies, picture of the fine work now being carstakes, or wherever desired, it would under the direction of a stake comried on by the stake missions.

be perfectly proper to have a represenmittee, relates exclusively to local acInasmuch as the term for missionary tative on the stake committee from tivities in stakes and wards, and comes service is fixed at about two years every Priesthood quorum in the stake. rightly under their supervision, whatthe same as in the foreign missions

In such an event, the chairman of the ever plan may be adopted to make their stake presidents will soon be confronted committee, with one representative work more effective; and does not in with the problem of supplying recruits

from each of the Elders, the Seventies, any way conflict with the present sysfor those who will shortly be released.

and the High Priests, might act as an tem of supervision of the Seventies by Plans should be laid in such manner executive committee; but the whole the First Council in collaboration with that there may be no weakening of the

committee should meet frequently to the presidents of stakes as outlined in local missionary work when these rediscuss the work of the quorums, to the joint letter of The Council of the leases are made.

coordinate their activities, to prevent Twelve Apostles and The First Council In the meantime, missionaries now unnecessary overlapping and duplicaof the Seventy dated June 25, 1930, adlaboring in the stake missions, who tion, and to supervise the Priesthood dressed to all stake presidencies have been called and set apart to labor quorum work by actual visits so that throughout the Church, and from which under the direction of the stake mission proper reports may be made to the we now quote: president, should be allowed to constake president. tinue in this service until the terms of

Projects for the economic welfare The presidents of the quorum will be their missions are completed, and they to in expected frequent be consultation with its released. been have honorablyof an important members, quorum

it the is stake presidency, wherever andactivity, should in harundertaken be that these brethalways Remember the presidents the of deemed by quorum the efforts with of the Churchmony sisters ren are on and missions and, necessary to to changes, add make members,

Security Program. For that reason, or to take any other action promotive of therefore, not subject to local appointand to prevent unnecessary duplicaquorum interest, the presidents of the quoments of any kind—neither in the aux38

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

iliary organizations, Priesthood quorum 47 E. So. Temple St., Salt Lake City, opment, among the members of the

activities, Church Security program, Utah. quorums and their families, which likely

nor other Church duties. They must be could not be brought about as quickly

considered as being absent on missions SOME PROJECTS FOR and efficiently in any other way.

as are those who have been sent PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS Mark Austin.

abroad. npHE possible projects for Priesthood

This reservation may however be Quorums are many. Suggestions PRESIDENT McKAY CITESmade: from the quorums will be welcome. COMMUNITY EXAMPLE

Missionaries should attend SacraHere are some that have been made A N APT illustration of how the Church ment meetings, and Priesthood quorum recently. through the Security plan may

meetings to get the benefit of the inReports from the quorums concernstimulate and enable the community, structions there provided, unless such ing the project activities will be welas well as individuals, to selfeffort is meetings should interfere with their comed. shown by a little assistance rendered

missionary appointments, perhaps away a. Should a quorum have unemthe people of Woodruff Ward about

from home in some other part of the ployed members, one way to help them June, 1936.

stake. In such cases they should attend would be for each member of the quoThe depression had left this comthese meetings in the locality where rum to give to the unemployed brother munity practically without funds. They

their appointments have taken them. a day's work. If this were done by a had no money with which to purchase

Any effort to use the missionaries in Quorum of fifty or sixty members, and even seed potatoes for spring plantlocal ward or stake activities must be most quorums are larger than that, it ing. They were given a loan of $360.10

abandoned, for to use them so would would give two or three months'emwith which they bought the necessary completely demoralize the stake misployment to the man. During that amount of seed potatoes. In the fall

sionary work. period it might be discovered that he the planters repaid this loan in full, had

Let us quote from Letter No. 4: has special gifts or talents that may sufficient on hand for their families

The stake mission should be just as help him to be placed permanently in throughout the year, and an ample supcompletely separate and apart from all other some position. Payment for such labor ply of seed for replanting.

stake work as are the missions abroad might be in food supplies from the The bishop of the ward reports that in the Northern or Southern states, in Engfarm, should the work be farm labor. the cash income from sales of the surland or Germany; and those who are now b. Every quorum in rural districts plus of the 1937 crop amounted to

this called service into should be released find that it profitable, fact notwithstanding the selec- $2800.00, would if proper

activities in their order stake from and ward the contributed to to rent tion were made, each grower a reasonable ward their to entire time devote that they may the missionary work to which they are now acreage of good land with sufficient Security committee onethird of what called, by which we mean the time they water right. Such land would likely he raised. Bishop Tingey also added

are now able to devote to Church work. be tax free. The members of the this significant statement: "Not one of

It is not intended to interfere with their quorum would join in the preparation our people has been on relief."

the raising, employment by which they earn their livof the of confidence been has soil and harvesting awak- A spirit ing. crops. benefit of the marketing lasting and will be of which The iunds ened,

We trust that we may receive the derived therefrom should be used for to the community, for prior to 1936 not hearty cooperation of the local authe benefit of the quorum, especially a few of the families in Woodruff purthorities of the Church in carrying into for missionary work abroad and mischased their potatoes from Bear Lake.

successful operation the suggestions sionary families at home, where needed. It is an interesting observation that

made herein. c. These plans involving cooperative recently a man from Bear Lake pureffort would bring about a spirit of love, chased his potatoes from Woodruff.

A QUORUM CENSUS cooperation and Brotherhood, with temDavid O. McKay,

poral and spiritual growth and develDecember 17, 1937.

Tl Till every Melchizedek Priesthood "'quorum survey the conditions and ofneeds its membership and answer FEBRUARY MELCHIZEDEK OUTLINE OF STUDY the following questions?promptly 1. How many members of your quoText: The Word o/ Wisdom—A Modern Interpretation, by John A.

rum are in want of the necessities of Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe.

life or out of employment?

Secure the information from the surLESSON IV c. Condition of a man may be measthe byvey ward Security made will. ured by his pro- "The Order and Will of God"—d. thegram. of Prevention names Give a bad habit is better of all mem- (Continued)

its cure. than destitute thebers of quorum now part 3.) of Chapter or (Latter Questions, Problems, Projects Distinction shouldunemployed. be

is Principle a of Wisdom I. The 1. Word In of has sense every prmciple what conditions. between the twomade Promise. a with the benefit of for the Gospel devised been If the Security has committee ward is of a. It "benefit"the people. for the man?

not made the requested survey so that b. It promises a healthy body. 2. Why can we say that all are able to

the cards are not available, the quo- c. It gives temporal "benefits."keep the Word of Wisdom?

rum should make its own survey of d. It strengthens man's moral and spir- 3. How may the will of man be trained

the quorum. It is urgent that this work itual fibre. for righteousness?

be done at once, because upon it deII. Can all keep the Word of Wisdom? 4. What is meant by the promise of

pends much of the work of the Priest- a. It is adapted to the capacity of the "hidden treasures?"

weak. for the year. coming quorumshood LESSON V to it brings quick returns b. Obedience 2. quoof your members many How "Evils Designs"and health, therefore in more and

fitted for in are or or (First part engaged onerum of Chapter 4.) to strength obey.

the other of the following pursuits? c. The conquest of the body is easier I. The Word of Wisdom is a Warning

a. Laborer, b. Farmer, c. Artisan than the conquest of spirit. as well as a Guide.

(carpenter, blacksmith, etc.). d. Busi- d. Full obedience to the Word of a. It warns against evilminded pertaste for the the reduces Wisdom sons.ness, e. Professions (medicine, law,

things forbidden. b. often persons Innocent be mismayetc.)

to desire must have the obey evil of led an mind. by those Blanks for these surveys be e. One may properly. law any c. Advertising trustworthy. not always

obtained from the stake MelchiIII. The Will Must Be Trained to Obey II. Fraud Has Been Practiced Constantly

zedek Priesthood committee. All reGod's Law. in Human History.

turns should be sent to the Priesthood a. Desire depends on will. a. In early days fraud was simple.

Committee, Council of the Twelve, b. Will breeds power. {Continued on page 40)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938 {Continued from page 39) MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

b. Now fraud has become more comMade by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles

plex and therefore more dangerous. For the Months of September and October, 1937

c. Fraud is a result of evil intentions

and greeds. Missionary Activities

III. The Story of the Pure Food and Drug Oct. Sept.

Law in the United States. 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work 5,742 4,498

a. In 1879, the first attempt was made 2. Hours spent in missionary work -.- 12,509 10,127

to secure such a law. 3. Number of calls made while tracting—12,570 8,849

b. Not until 1906 was a partially satis- 4. Number of first invitations in while tracting.- 3,096 3,386

factory law passed by Congress. 5. Number of revisits -—4,197 2,556

c. The present delay in improving the 6. Number of Gospel conversations 11,016 8,788

law is due to "pressure groups"7. Number of standard Church works distributed - 365 275

often representing fraud, or for 8. Number of other books distributed 357 356

other personal interests. 9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed 16,476 12,484

IV. There are Innumerable Forms of 10. Number of Books of Mormon sold..-.. 173 96

Adulterations. 11. Number of hall meetings held 206 186

a. New knowledge has increased the 12. Number of cottage meetings held—500 418

means of adulterations. 13. Number of cottage and hall meetings attended 2,472 1,820

b. Give some examples of adultera14. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 2,092 1,750

tion. 15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work 112 110

c. Improving the looks of an inferior 16. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity

article is often done. through stake missionary service during the month 249 247

d. The danger of preservatives in

foods is serious. Additional Information

e. Agencies that protect the public Number of stakes in the Church 118

should be known and used. Number of stake missions organized 113

Questions, Problems, Projects Missionaries Actively Engaged 1. Enumerate cases of fraud that you No. of stakes reporting 90 99

have observed in your locality. Number of districts 299 336

2. Why did it take 27 years for Congress Elders -- 229 255

to enact a Pure Food and Drug Act and Seventies - -- 923 1,104 why has no improvement of it been authorHigh Priests 226 236 ized by Congress during the last 31 years? Women 239 244

3. What improvements are needed in the Total - 1,617 1,839

present Pure Food and Drug Act?

4. In what way has our new knowledge Special Items of Interest

increased the possibility of fraud? Interviews were held in the office of the First Council with thirteen stake presidents

the to 5. insure passage do we may What presidents mission stake the during and of October. month

families protect to our adequate lawsof in Visits connection missionary with stake were work made by members of the will do? fraud?against you What What to First stakes Council twentyone during the of October. month

have you done? The First Council of the Seventy,

By RULON S. WELLS.

LESSON VI As previously reported, in the Snowflake Stake great efforts have been put forth "Evils and Designs'(Continued) with the Indian tribes residing in that section. (See Page 18.)

(Latter part of Chapter 4.)

I. Fraudulent Advertising is a Public 168TH QUORUM OF SEVENTIES REPORTS PROJECT Menace.

a. There are misleading labels on

packages. b. Food materials are frequently incorrectly named.

c. Products are "boosted"under false

claims. d. The cost of advertising injurious

products is gigantic—the consumer

pays.

II. Public Fads are Utilized by Unscrupulous Persons.

a. Give examples of some food fads.

b. Give examples of some current fads

in your neighborhood.

III. Refined Foods Are Not an Unmixed

Blessing. a. They are used excessively due to

want of knowledge.

b. False claims for them and ease of

preparation increase the use.

IV. What Shall Be Done About Fraud?

a. The public must be informed and

to action. aroused

PICTURE REPRESENTS ONLY ABOVE PART be b. must Safety sought in clinging ti "VJiJilERE

PARTICIPATING ROW, OF GROUP: FRONT THE

to of Wisdom. the Word RIGHT: WHIPPLE, LEFT ""way"there'sis an a oldwill,adagethere'sthata THE TO LE ROY DANFORD

Questions, Problems, Projects proved true in the case of the members ANDB. CRANE,CLAUDEPARISADAMS.U. STEWART,BACK MERLINROW, LEFTHARDY,TO

reof the Seventies of 168th Quorum POTTER, RIGHT: HANNIG, DAN ELDON JOSEPH of adforms enumerate any you 1. Can

V. SANT, LONG, LARSON, ARTHUR WALTER in siding the the of Las Vegas to injurious locality invertising Ward your 0. H. ABBOTT, THOS. MYERS. AND

in their for Stake, desire a WM. welfare?public the Moapa

2. What fads or practices in your locality Church Security project. The Las did not, however, deter them from

are taken advantage of by unscrupulous Vegas Ward is not an agricultural growing corn when one of their membusiness? the are the Sevnor of ward offered the tools bers land members and on a

3. fraud be corrected? may How enties farmers. conthe leased, three ranch miles Quorum he had some To is responsibility 4. individual the What

trary, clerks, are teachers, they bank from Vegas. Lasin fraud? checking

5. What books on this subject do you highway maintenance men, barbers, About three acres of alfalfa was

know or have you read? post office clerks, dairymen, etc. This {Concluded on page 43)

.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

1938 GIVES PROMISE OF %.

RECORD ACTIVITY GREATER activity, increased attendance, and record membership are in prospect for the Aaronic Priesthood of the Church as indicated by reports from stakes and wards since the new plan of quorum meetings and the programs for 1938 were announced.

For several years past, emphasis has been placed upon organization and program building with the result that 955 wards out of 1,095 now have reguBISHOP DAVID A. SMITH SYLVESTERPRESIDINGQ. BISHOPCANNON BISHOP JOHN WELLS

larly organized supervising committees and all stakes have committees assigned proval of the member of the bishopric YEARROUND SOCIAL AND to this work. Regular programs based in charge, should prepare each quorum FRATERNAL PROGRAMS

upon the outlines furnished by the Premeeting program well in advance and FOR ALL QUORUMS siding Bishopric have been adopted in plan to use the new time provided to the majority of wards with increased the best possible advantage. A N important feature of the Aaronicactivity resulting. Priesthood Leadership Conferthe are expected held throughout being Factors which now to FULL SUPPORT OF PRIESTences of a plan presentation is the Activity Priesthoodaffect Aaronic Churchfavorably during the coming year are: HOOD CONFERENCES URGED for a yearround program in every

a longer quorum meeting period, mak- T Tnder the new plan of quarterly stake stake and ward in which all activitiesing possible the promotion of the full - Priesthood conferences now in efof quorums. Scouts, Explorers, M Men,

program; full representation in Quarfect, all members of Aaronic Priesthood and Sunday School classes of corterly Stake Priesthood conferences, quorums are urged to attend both the responding ages are to be correlated.

with special departmeints for Aaronic Saturday evening and Sunday morning The plan is being outlined in detail bishoprics, presidencies, and stake to in the SaturdayPriesthood members for sessions. department A special attending the conventions. others Some session;evening and representation is to be Priesthood members in Aaronic

the Sunday morning session; the camconducted in Saturday evening sesstakes have now put the plan into

paign for a million assignments to be sions with practically the entire prooperation and others are preparing to the It that at once. is urged do so thefilled during members year by provided being boys and young by begram

all stakes as early adopted be by of age; 20 years 12 andtween new emexercises, In the opening which plan men.

phasis of the Standard Quorum Award, will be held jointly with the Melchizin the new year as possible in order three groups the of the that programs gold stars to be addedwith boys'choruses and Priesthood, to awards edek sufficient properly will and balanced be in consecutive winningfor quorums will be featured. other musical numbers

for of kind activity the provided proper frasocialyears; a yearround and a sessions In the morning Sunday all of Aaronic and young men boys with correlatedternal to be program will of definite be the part program ages. Priesthood I. Schoolthe and Y. A. Sunday M. M. topics. Priesthood Aaronic to devoted observprograms; Churchwide and a Bishoprics, committees, and Stake 1938 FOR MANUALS QUORUM the of anniversary the of 109thance to supervisors are urged make quorum Priests, for manuals Priesthood. quorumrestoration "NTew of the Aaronic in sesparticipation stake conference for conbeing 1938 conventions Leadership Teachers, Deacons and Priesthood the sions of part a program

distributed the are bebeing throughout Church readyducted and are now arare advisable, of every ward. When office. theing to stimulate programs Bishop's the used Presiding from new The for should rangements group be made

is is sent acprogress increased insure and to be price 10c each. Cashand for both houses transportation to stake

the oftivity. subjects order. each with The Saturday evening and Sunday morning

are: Priests, StudPriesthood manuals sessions, QUORUM MEETING PLANNEW ies; Priesthood, Religion and Teachers,BRINGS NEW OPPORTUNITIES Character; Deacons, The Deacon's RESTORATION ANNIVERSARY Responsibilities'T'he new plan of quorum meetings TO HONOR should have quorum member Every all PROGRAMS in into effect which will be put LAMANITES contains the entire manual, the which at once, brings and brancheswards new

opportunities to Aaronic Priesthood T-Jonoring the Lamanites, the translaprogram of the Aaronic Priesthood for quorums and their leaders. Under this * * tion of whose record led to the resthe new year in addition to the lesson

plan a period of at least fifty minutes toration of the Aaronic Priesthood, will outlines.

is provided for Priesthood meetings, be the theme of the anniversary celebraIt is recommended that a manual which should give thirtyfive to forty tion pilgrimages to be conducted secretary be appointed whose duty it minutes for actual quorum work. churchwide on Saturday, May 14. Deshall be to encourage all members to

With this time available, the full tails of the program are included in the purchase manuals, to take orders to be program provided for the quorums can quorum manuals now being distributed. given to the supervisor who will secure

be carried forward. It is now urged The program for the observance of the manuals through the ward clerk.

business, regular of that the order Priesthood Sunday, Aaronic on May of at lesson isprinted the beginning 15, the actual each anniversary date, also CRUSADE FOR ZION'S YOUTH be followed religiously in all quorums included in the manuals. It is hoped REACHES ENTIRE CHURCH

as the best means of providing proper to make the celebration this year more A churchwide campaign among leadtraining and activity for all quorum general throughout the Church and * ers of youth in all organizations, members. Supervisors, in cooperation more effective in accomplishing the which has reached the proportions of

with quorum ofiicers, and with the appurposes of the annual observance. a crusade, has been under way since

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938 the October General Conference and is indidirectly carried to be and on WHAT THE "WORLD'S SAFEST DRIVER"SAYS until features early April.rectly Some

of the "crusade"will be permanent and ABOUT SMOKE AND DRINK will be retained in the regular programs of supervision. Jenkins, internationally faAb Jenkins: That's right!

leadership of types separate Three light of In racer, the speed Dr. automobile mous Haymond: AB in heldconferences, cooperation some said, just have Ab, you do you what Dr. interviewed by was groups,with or some two more and driver that think the beordinary fainternationally Haymond, Creed separately, rousedconducted have factor a the dangerous comes on sprinter, Educathe Youth on mous before, leaders as never probChurch

ably, in the interest of the youth of tion Program from Radio Station highways if he smokes while drivthe Church. KSL in Salt Lake City, November ing?

Aaronic Priesthood conferences, with 29, 1937, and here is what the inAb Jenkins: There are, of course,

sessions for the discussion of stake and terview brought out about tobacco lots of accidents that happen ward problems, have been held in testimonials, driving, drink and lithrough smoking... through lightstakes onehalf the in nearlygroups things: other of quor, cigarette, and a endurance ing the ashes knocking

stakes, of balancethe the Church. The

it off cigarette, that I or throwing Jenkins, Mr. Dr. Haymond: will exceptions, reachedwith be few

before the April conference. understand that recently you were away. This summer, out on the BonTwo separate conventions or schools approached by a representative of neville Salt Flats, I loaned my car

involving leaders of youth of Aaronic the tobacco industry and offered to Mr. Ted Allen, secretary of the

Priesthood ages and closely correlated $2,500 for the use of your name in A. A. A., to bring some of the men

with the quorum programs, have been conjunction with endorsing the use back from the Salt Beds. The next

conducted by the Y. M. M. I. A.one of cigarettes. Is this true? morning, I found the car with the

all for perleaders one and Men Ifor M the back. of cushions out burned tonot Well, by the Ab Jenkins-. the associatedsons with Scout moveasked happened, him and had what themselves. This companies bacco sessions conment. Scout were The

cirthat short a he said he thought fall. last a incident "flying a Scout ofducted happened squadron"As by

leaders. A complete report of this rule it is a promoter who does this. cuit had caused it, but we found that

unique undertaking is being prepared All testimonials that you see in cigone of the men had thrown a lighted for the February Era. arette advertisements are paid for. cigarette out of the front window

it the through had reentered Yes, I was offered $2,500 for a tesandSTANDARD QUORUM back car on fire. and set the window 1938 timonial. FORAWARDS

wellyour Dr. Haymond: With did you Ab, Dr. Haymond: why are to be AwardsCtandard Quorum title of earned Sajest World's The offer? this refuse 1938. continued All through quoDriver, observation that should be outlined the reaching standardrums reathe main Well, Jenkins: Ab grf*at listeninterest of to everyone will receive beautifullyherewith a em- I is that of too think the son much in tonight. ing conjunction In with certificatebellished signed parchment kids. that last question, consider, you do all of three thepersonally members by

I us, of beDr. Most Haymond: is efthe user as that tobacco Ab, Bishopric. winningPresiding Quorums

the awards in consecutive years will lieve, realize, at least in part, the ficient and dependable in meeting have a gold star added for each sucterrific strain you are under in your emergencies as is the nontobacco cessive year until three stars have been endurance racing. All types of athuser?

awarded. letic competition such as basketball,

The requirements for the Standard football and track require more or Ab Jenkins: His nerves naturally

Quorum Award are as follows; less rigid training rules, Ab, I wonwouldn't be as steady as the man

1 Set follow yearly a of takes stays care himself up and quorum and who tell if listeners our der would you inmeeting with accordance program drinking smoking. from and away to training just undergo you what of the Presidingthe recommendations accigreat causes a Drink many fit strenuous runs for your on you for 1938.Bishopric all alert the dents. must be man A in Flats Salt the Utah? Western 2. follow Set pro- a yearly up and time, that and remember must he

I activities social fraternal of and specialgram do Jenkins: no Ab... is it's job there doing out a hein the with accordance recommenda- I better training, than driven have real a business, should earnbe and fortions 1938. for miles the past year each 85,000 will estly to studied. People have 3. recattendance average an Have I neither the highways. 15 years on merits safe of the educated be on year. the of or duringord more 60% for reathat smoke, drink nor and

fill 4. or driving eliminate before they can more members Have 75%

I in condition. son, always good am the year. duringassignments accidents. these * * *

5. Have 75% or more members obDr. know, Ab, you Haymond: theserving as shown I of Wisdom Word don't suppose Dr. Haymond:

inin the is presented program of the bishop report annualby the time going 180 this find any of you would the ward as of December 31, 1938. to 200 miles an hour to take time terests of young people. What have

6. to of the or more say Have memand to young women men 75% out for a cigarette, would you? you during the earnbers year money feel who that take they must up who

pay tithing, as shown on the annual Ab Jenkins: Well, hardly, Some cigarette smoking just to "be one

fact of them most of thereport the boys.. in bishop of the ward as of of with the crowd?"

... 31, 1938. places otherDecember at Indianapolis and

or more members 7. Have obviously, ell, first Jenkins: thing 50% they ask for parthe when Ab Wticipate service or more quorum in two that's reason the only cigarette. about they do is a get out That's they

projects. because their nerves are wrecked. it. I would advise them to stay away

Priesthood Stake Aaronic Committees requested to check will be on each They've got to have one... at least from it. I have been around parties,

quorum and recommend to the Presidthey think they must have one. clubs, banquets, and out on parties

ing Bishopric the quorums which have Dr. Haymond: In other words, all night... I'm around it all the

reached the standards and are entitled your driving requires one hundred time. / never have found it necesto recognition. per cent of your attention? sary either tO'smoke or drink.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD WARD THE PRESERVATION OF HEALTH TEACHERS REACH RECORD FIGURE

TIORMONISM is a practical religion. It concerns itself with the temporal

as well as the spiritual welfare of the members of the Church. In ITToRE MEMBERS of the Aaronic Priestthis it is in full accord with the teachings of the Church in all dispensations hood are now active as Ward

and with the revelations given in these latter days. Teachers than at any time in the history

recent tabuThe care of our bodies—the preservation of health—has been enjoined of the Church, The most

upon us frequently by the Lord through revelation and by his servants, our lations of stake and ward reports show

Church leaders, in current teachings. Not only in the Word of Wisdom, but that 9,882 members under twenty

in other revelations, are we urged to preserve with jealous care the temples years of age and 1,250 members of the of our souls. Adult Aaronic Priesthood are now

Our bodies are really the only things we actually possess. All of our serving regularly.

worldly belongings will be left behind forever when we leave this world. Stakes with the highest numbers of

But our bodies, resurrected and purified, are to be ours eternally. Should young men acting as Ward Teachers

we not, then, guard and preserve them from defilement, from pollution, from are Ogden, 242; St. Joseph, 214; Rexthe things that bring weakness, illness, suffering and untimely death? burg, 209; Wells, 194; Cottonwood,

188. certainly true of important every Wisdom, The Word is—and Stakes with the highest numbers of will Saint great of the observe Latterday law only a part it faithfully—isas it

of health. It deals with food and drink, the internal phases of health. adult Aaronic Priesthood members

But there is more to health than what we eat and drink. Much of the acting as Ward Teachers are: Hysickness, suffering, and death among us come from other causes. rum, 61; Salt Lake, 47; Logan, 42;

Cleanliness, sanitation, purity of life, proper rest, refraining from Oahu, 42; Duchesne, 40; Woodruff,

excessive fatigue or any form of dissipation, freedom from worry, caution 36.

in auto driving, and in handling other mechanical devices are all related During 1938, an effort is to be made to the preservation of health and the enjoyment of life. to have each stake increase the number

Our bodies, our health, our lives are precious. We should guard and of young men serving as Ward Teachpreserve them in every possible way. ers. Attention is called to the fact that

this service is definitely an assignment to the Aaronic Priesthood, and, that as

WARD TEACHING IN 1938 Among the people of the world and far as possible, the work should be

HPhis is a great missionary Church. among our nonMormon friends who done by them.

effort to have is also to be made live us, near An to promises 1938 probbe enthe in other world group No possible, as adult as members many the ably greatest since missionary year to in the extent missionarygages work serthis to assigned worthy, are who the early the of days Church. The It is part importantthat do. we

vice. to sent companies field the mission out religion. sending areof our aWevery

the through in the mission past home missionariesapproximately thousand a a year, more than that number recently, few months have been the largest in 168th Quorum of Seventy to preach the Gospel to those who are the history of the Church. The numnot of us, living in other sections of this bers of men and women working as Reports Project

stake missionaries during will 1938 unlands. in foreignnation and {Concluded from page 40) doubtedly be larger before. than ever missionary This work is now being

extended to include regular activity Surely in the face of this increased plowed up and the ground worked among nonmembers of the Church in activity emong nonmembers of the ready for planting. The planting was

Church, are charged with we who of July. Through are the middle about the done andthe wards who stakes—those responsibility after of looking our own southern of friends Neneighbors but the hotour do midsummer and who

not understand the Gospel as taught by members will not shirk. vada the ground was irrigated and culour Church. Hundreds of men and Ward Teachers, realizing the imtivated as the corn rapidly grew to tall

women are now engaged in this very portant events happening in the Church stalks. Half of the patch was an early

worthy cause with encouraging and today, should determine to accept and variety. Just as it was in tassel, a hot

commendable results. discharge their full responsibility. It wind from the desert killed the pollinaBut while this great missionary work is our duty to visit every member of the tion. The balance of the crop matured

is being carried on among our friends Church each month, to encourage him and the project was a success.

of other faiths, there is reason to bein activity, to exhort him to keep the Beginning the forepart of October lieve that we are neglecting some of commandments, to "see that there is no it was harvested and the corn sold to our own and losing them to Church iniquity,"to learn if there is sickness, ward mem.bers and to the stores. No

activity. Most of us need encouragesuffering, or distress among the Saints difficulty was experienced in marketing

ment and exhortation to keep within and probably as important as anything it. They realized some sixtyfive dolthe line of duty in the Church. It is else, to urge them to participate in lars cash. But the project was good

fall into inactivity, to idlenesseasy and result lessening usually inwhich of definite, regular Church activity. inrealized:many waysIt demonstratedother thanwhatthe couldcash

faith and sometimes in withdrawal from A revival of interest in Ward Teachbe done in most of the wards toward all Church relationships. ing throughout the Church in 1938 is the production of food; it unified the

Ward Teachers are in reality mishighly desirable. Many of our memSeventy group of the ward as it had

sionaries to the members of the Church bers are spiritually sick. They need never been before; it gave them a

living within their own districts. True, help and encouragement. The Church change from their routine work

into their blistered to not go condo jokes of hands homes werewe made is great progress. making It should be

it in thevert but to Gospel; to them muscles; allowed sore them and many the aim of Teachers to have the Ward is ourcases better acquainted, duty to keep conmeeting each them become

verted by retaining their interest and every member go forward with the other on a common level.

in other cases by reconverting those Church and to participate in its growth The project ended with a party for whose inactivity has caused them to and progress, thus earning for himself members and their wives—an outdoor

lose interest. the blessings promised to the faithful. corn roast with fried chicken.

received a portion of the gift which had been her grandfather's—PresiLUCY dent Wilford Woodruff—the gift

of speaking with power to convince the honesthearted listener.

The Gospel of Jesus Christ meant WOODRUFF everything to Lucy W. Smith. It

was easy for her to be obedient to its teachings. She relied implicitly SMITH upon its promises and was, again

like her grandfather, susceptible to the of promptings influences and CL the her sayings of was, Holy Spirit. One

JhibidsL "If you put yourself in tune with the Spirit of the Lord you always receive a blessing."She looked forBy CLARISSA A. BEESLEY ward longingly to the time when the

Savior should come upon the earth

LUCY WOODRUFF SMITH knowing that only through His dispoke of her, and her children were vine leadership will the problems of bound to her in deepest affection. this weary world be solved and its

The lasting gratitude of a brother sorrows assuaged.

she exerted for is hers the influence friend—-and our She was we shall

youthfulSHEunderstandingWAS our friend,friend.our Simpleloyal, over during days of him time until the cherish her memory

and modest in dress and in heedlessness. When the advice of of reuniting.

conduct, one felt instinctively that other relatives or friends had little any form of sham or insincerity was or no effect upon him, this sister's out of place in her presence. She love was a power which saved and The Gospel Goes to the

genuine. thoroughly These guidedwas him away from dangerous Lamanites all others, pitfalls.characteristics above

made her friendship of the highest Lucy Woodruff Smith was a (Continued from page 27) worth. womanly woman in the truest sense versing the film and putting their

The life of Lucy Woodruff Smith of the word. She was a daughter machine on the inside of the store,

is beautiful to contemplate. By reawho loved and revered her noble they attracted the attention of the

son of her unfaltering faith, her ancestry. She was a helpmate who passing Mexicans. While a large

splendid character and personal honored and sustained her husband gathering of men gazed attentively sweetness, her cheerful optimistic in his high position as apostle in at the beautifully colored pictures of outlook, she seemed to dignify each the Church. She was a mother who the ancient cities of Mexico, which

event in her life's history. The passionately loved her children. She were seen very readily from the sideevents in that life may be summarwas a sister and friend to many who walk, the four Mormon Elders sang

ized briefly. Her infancy "down on came under her gentle influence. and told them of the origin of the

the Muddy,"in Nevada, where her In her home there was often a place builders of those cities and of the parents endured the rigors of piofor another boy or girl who needed coming forth of the history written neer life; her childhood in Randolph; her motherly protection. by them. Four of the listeners asked

her girlhood in Salt Lake City, durIn our Mutual Improvement orfor a copy of the Book of Mormon ing which the death of her mother, ganization. Sister Smith was a shinafter the meeting.

when Lucy was but nine years of ing light. During her girlhood days, One most interesting lecture was

age, brought a sorrow and tendershe gave service in the Sevenpresented at the San Juan Indian ness which the child never forgot; teenth ward. Later she became Pueblo at Chamita, where Juan

her life with her grandparents uncounselor in the presidency of the Onate first established the capital of der whose care and warm affection Salt Lake Stake, and was the first New Mexico. Elders Dowding and

she developed into happy womanpresident of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Jacob with Elders Thomas Kerby

hood; her training in clerical work that stake after its last division. of Douglas, Arizona, and Valden

which made her an expert in record Those of us who were privileged to O'Donnal of Colonia Dublan, Chikeeping and map making; her marassociate with her then pay tribute huahua, Mexico, had the opportunriage to Elder George Albert Smith; now to her loveliness of character ity of appearing before one hundred

her labors as a companion and misand disposition. She was capable, and fifty fullblooded "Lamanites"

sionary in the Southern States Misefficient and showed to us, her comto explain to them by means of the sion and later in Europe; her public panions, kindness and consideration slides the beginning of their race.

work in the Church; her beautiful in the highest degree. In arranging for this meeting the

home life, filled with devotion as Sister Smith was an interesting Elders were permitted to attend a a wife and a mother; her last sad and capable speaker. Her ideas were council meeting held in the govermonths of illness—these are the mile clear and she expressed them clearly nor's house. The Indians sat around

stones only. It is left for her family and fluently. A friend said to her in a circle in a large room. After

and friends to fill in the story with once, "You need only to open your hearing them discuss their problems their memories of the richness and mouth and the words seem to flow in the Indian dialect, the missionbeauty she brought into each period without effort."But it was the spirit aries explained in Spanish what they

of her career. behind those words which convinced had to offer them. (All of the older

How her family loved her! There her hearers, for that spirit was charPueblo Indians speak Spanish bewas always a tenderness in the voice acterized by sincerity and deep husides Indian, and many of them, as

and eyes of her husband when he mility. One always felt that she had {Concluded on page 54)

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M. Q. MORRISI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY.STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON GEOROE

JOSEPH CANNON BURTON General Offices Y W. M. I. A. VERNAHELEN W.S. WILUAMSGODDARD K. I.FARNSWORTH

33 BISHOP'S BUILDING SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

Tuesday evening program. "When the tinue their good work. The counselors

year is finished, this book preserves an will visit the classes, giving encourageaccurate record of the assembly proment here, offering helpful suggestions grams. Another ward has made a bulthere, and in every way proving of serNEW YEAR GREETINGS letinthe followingboard onweekwhichis writtenthe programin chalk.for vicebeginsto theto dropteachers.off, theIf thecounselorsattendancein

At THE beginning of the new year, This board is placed conveniently in charge of classwork will cooperate with we greet you, thanking you for front of the chapel to refresh the memthe class leaders in planning the work your dihgent work of the past and ories of those who heard the announceand advertising the subjects for displanning with you for even greater sucment in the regular Tuesday Mutual cussion until the membership reaches cess in the future. Chalk up to your meeting and to invite others who may its full quota.

credit your completed activities. Now not have attended previously. Other The wise plan for the counselors in

while some of them are fresh in your wards run brief announcements in the charge of class work is for them to take minds, write down suggestions for imlocal papers. turns visiting one class each Tuesday

provement next year. These analyses When you have worked out a parnight, after having carefully prepared

of the work done will prove invaluable ticularly effective means of publicizing the lesson for that night. At the conwhen you begin to plan for similar the assembly programs, send it to the clusion of the lesson, in which the counevents next year. In this analysis of executive offices at either 40 or 50 selor should have participated, he or

each event it will be wise to write what North Main. Probably that which has she may have some very definite sugparts were particularly enjoyed and proved successful in your ward will gestions to offer the leader in helping

why; what were not so successful and help others, improve the class. Always, the visitwhy; whether the organization was ef- (Continued on Page 46)

not; if not, why why, orfective and AND WITH DECORATED CAKE, FLOWER CLASS WORK THIS diswith progressed the eventswhether SUGAR, OF SPUN FIGURES WAS PRERIBBON

of classcounselors in charge A. BOARDS M. GENERAL SENTED BY THE suggestions could be made HPhepatch; what

HIS 81ST BIRTHDAY I.ON PRESIDENT TO GRANT diliwill of course be doubly "work experience light of this year'sin the IT HOTEL BY THE ANNIVERSARY. MADE WAS

which would make next year's events gent to see that the class leaders conUTAH CHEF.

more enjoyable and worthwhile. As

Patrick Henry said so long ago: "I

know of no way of judging the future but by the past"—and how can we

judge by the past unless we have made these records?

Right now also we should begin to plan very carefully for the events which are to occur. In February, the drama

festival is scheduled; in March, the

opera and music festival; and in April,

the dance festival. These activities

should be going forward now, so that there need not be an exhaustive, lastminute drive which takes joy from the accomplishment. Try to call into the

activities different groups of people so that our organization may be rightly named Mutual Improvement because of the great number of people who receive training.

ASSEMBLY PROGRAMS "Crom all over the Church, enthusiastic responses have been voiced concerning the Assembly programs.

During the latter part of the year, keep that enthusiasm alive. Plan ahead far

enough so that here as in the festivals you use different groups for the programs, both in directing the activities and also in executing them.

In many of the wards, various methods have been used for publicizing the programs. In one ward, for instance,

the programs are scheduled in a book ( about 8 by 1 1 inches ) which is placed in the hall of the chapel. Each Tuesday, the book is opened to the next

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

{Continued [rom Page - 45) the Origin Book Mormon, of the of It exhausted. edition print Another was officer ing should find the to point good is available the from Zion Printing ed at once but nearly that too is now better. the out Press of Independence, Missouri, or the gone. is This unprecedented demand

Of help to these counselors as well Deseret Book Store in Salt Lake City, gratifying indeed because it is indicative as to all teachers will be the books Utah. Adult leaders, who are always not only of the popularity of the course

often discussed on The Book Rack in on the alert for additional, suppleof study, but of the growing attendance each Era. Each month we hope to mentary material, will find the book of adults in the M. I. A. More and

have one good book for teachers extremely valuable. more, it seems, adults are coming to

reviewed on that page. recognize their need for the refreshing,

enlivening association offered here in

GENERAL BOARD MEMBERS thisture socialtogetherenterprisein new whereand everwe widenadven-CHOSEN ing fields. Still there may be some

As THE General Presidency of the in your ward who have not yet been

Young Women's Mutual ImproveEXTRA EDITION attracted. A sincere effort should be

ment Association we take great pleasmade now to reach these with pressing ure in announcing the following Co GREAT was the immediate demand invitations to join your group. We sugmembers for the General Board: for our Adult course of study. gest that you start off the new year

Margaret N. Wells, Evangeline T. Science, Tradition, and the Book of with an event of unusual interest to

Beesley, Grace C, Neslen, Katie C. Mormon, that the first edition was soon bring in these new members.

Jensen, Ethel S. Anderson, Bertha K.

Tingey, Erma Roland, Hazel Brockbank, Ileen Ann Waspe, Marba C.

Tosephson, Lucile T. Buehner, Freda

Jensen, Polly T. Hardy, Aurelia Bennion, and Grace Nixon Stewart, all of

whom have served previously on the

Board. In addition to these fifteen

members, five new members have been chosen: Gladys E. Harbertson, Emily

H. Bennett, Vella H. Wetzel, Lucy T.

Anderson, Helena W. Larson. Each

of the former members of the Board has proved her worth in the Young

Women's organization. The newer

members have been chosen because of their special merits. They have all

served in ward and stake capacities in the Y. W. M. I. A.

With the new appointments comes the organization of committees. The

Adult consists of Grace C. Neslen,

chairman; Aurelia Bennion and Gladys

E. Harbertson; the Senior: Hazel

Brockbank, chairman; Polly R. Hardy

and Vella H. Wetzel; the Gleaner:

Katie C. Jensen, chairman; Freda Jensen, Grace Nixon Stewart, and Helena

W. Larson; Junior: Marba C. Josephson, chairman; Lucile T. Buehner and

Emily H. Bennett; Bee Hive: Ethel S.

Anderson, chairman; Margaret N.

Wells, Bertha Tingey, Ileen Waspe,

Lucy T. Anderson.

The Missionary committee consists of Lucy G. Cannon, chairman; Clarissa

A. Beesley, Margaret N. Wells, and

Ileen Ann Waspe. The Summer Camp

committee is composed of Verna Goddard, chairman; Lucile T. Buehner and

OUTING MOTHERS'AT DAUGHTERS'AND Harbertson.Gladys The Community

BY FIRST, SECOND, ANDActivity committee is headed by Helen THIRD B. A. C.WARD,CAMPUS STAKE. PAROWAN

S. Williams as chairman; Clarissa A. FORMER PRESIDENT AND SISTER PIRANBeesley, Evangeline T. Beesley, Katie PALESTINESYRIANlAN AT HAIVIIVIANA, AMISSION.SUBURB OF BEIRUT,

C. Jensen, Ethel S. Anderson, Freda RIGBY STAKE PRESIDENCY WHOSE COMJensen, Lucile T. Buehner, Grace N. SUBSCRIPTIONSBINED NUMBER OFTOYEARSTHE OF"ERA"CONTINUOUSTOTALS

Stewart. ONE HUNDRED YEARS—PRESIDENTS P.

W. DABELLE, HYRUM T. MOSS, AND OMER

S.A GROUPCORDON.OF SAINTS AT ALEPPO WITHDR. KIRKHAM'S NEW BOOK 4.

FORMER PRESIDENT AND SISTER PIRAN- "TNr, Francis W. Kirkham has inDONALDlAN. HOPE BATES, SONS OF J. 0. AND

vestigated papers, books, letters, MRS. BATES, THREE HILLS, ALBERTA,

and articles to find what was thought JAFFAPHOTO TAKENGATE OFONJERUSALEM.HIS SECOND BIRTHDAY.

of the Prophet at the time of receiving the visions and of the translating of the

Book of Mormon. The title of his

work is Source Material Concerning

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

NEW YEAR SOCIAL npHis need not be held New Year's night but should occur early in the month. It may be that it should be a

stake gathering; in some stakes more

such events should be held.

Possibly our purpose in the present instance however would be served best by a smaller group gathering in the ward social center or in a commodious home. For the serious part of the

evening use might be made of our book,

The Return to Religion. If the book

has not yet been widely circulated, a book review might be opportime. If

a considerable number have already read the book, an interesting discussion might grow out of a general assignment such as, "Points that impressed me in the book."In the lighter mood it might be well to have a report from a Committee on

Resolutions. Also, "Hints to our

Wives"or "A few Don'ts for Husbands"would be mirthprovoking subjects. New Year's resolutions in

rhymes of four or five lines, written on the spot, and a group singing contest should contribute much on the funny side. Of course, you will want suitable

refreshments. Let the aim be to have

a balanced program that will be enjoyable to all present and make the new members special guests for the evening.

REREAD THE BOOK OF MORMON T IKE the precious gems of truth which "it contains, the Book of Mormon has its innumerable aspects which sparkle with neverending interest for the thoughtful reader. It may be approached from so many viewpoints.

Orson Pratt once remarked to a friend that he had found occasion to read the book 56 more times than anyone he had compared notes with up to that time.

No doubt, he had some definite purpose in mind each time he read it.

Surely none of us who has been intrigued by our course of study this season will let the year go by without another reading of the Book of Mormon. If spare moments are seized, it

is surprising how easily time can be found. A chapter or two read each

night before surrendering to sleep will soon carry one far into its pages. It

will be found an effectual antidote for many of the ills of the day. It is also

an unfailing restorative of faith. Oversophistication and doubt give way be- 1. CAST OF PAGEANT GIVEN IN WAILUKU CHAPEL ON THE ISLAND OF MAUI, HONOLULU,

it.fore place takes within Something

GEORGIA. DISTRICT COTTON BALL HELD AT WAYCROSS,one his as restores he reads which GIRLS BANQUET, IN LOGAN. sense 2.3. SOUTHT.LOGANH. STAKEGEORGIAGLEANER AND AT THE BLUEBIRD M MEN

REPRESENTING WILL MISSION CANADIAN QUARTET CHURCH. FROM THE MORMON reality impelsof him to exclaim and

Y. 5. W. OF PICTURE M. I. A. OFFICERS NEVADA 4. AGOOD BRANCH, OF GROUP THE SUSANVILLE hisin heart with the magnificent one of DISTRICT, MISSION. CALIFORNIA

characters in the Book, "O, then, is not 6. QUfEEN AND ATTENDANTS OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL, CEDAR CITY THIRD V\/ARD,

this real?"Yea, because it is light! PAROWAN STAKE, AND PAROWAN STAKE BASKETBALL CHAMPIONS.

ciety is formed of two mighty tribes, into two more magnificent tribes, the the bores and the bored."pleasers and the pleased.

During January, the Seniors are supThere is really enough material in posed to become even more sociable those lessons listed in the schedule for

A SAGE has said: "Man is a social than they have hitherto been. It is January (you may, however, not be

animal formed to please in society."hoped that Byron will be proved entaking the lessons in their order in the

Byron, in one of his pessimistic motirely wrong in his divisions of society. manual) to furnish Seniors with subments, is reported to have said: "SoThe Seniors should divide their group {Continued on page 48)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

{Continued from page 47) ject matter to discuss for a long, long time. The suggestions for encouraging sociability are sufRcient, i carried

out, to bring the Seniors together in an understanding group. The lessons

on the Drama Center and the Art

Center are also most inviting.

It might be well to put on a brief play or even a fulllength, fullevening play. Many of us remember with keen

pleasure the home dramatic company and the pleasant experience of working with a group to prepare a drama for presentation. The acting and the

staging furnish plenty of activity for a large group. After the play has been

presented, usually there is a warm appreciation in every heart for everybody connected with the presentation.

We hope Seniors will do something with the drama that will bring to them in all of our wards that warmth that makes life really life and worthwhile.

The lesson on art centers is general, but the class can make it specific. If

there is some one in the ward with a fine oil painting or even a fine print of a masterpiece, an understandinQ lecture, illustrated, could be given on art. In a majority of our wards there

are welltrained people who could make a talk on art most interesting and of great cultural value. Too many of

our people are unacquainted with the principles which make pictures good, poor, or bad.

And cities and villages may not be able to support an art gallery, but all of them can provide beauty centers which are the forerunners of the appreciation of art. During January such

a beauty center could be projected, if PART OF THE SAN FRANCISCO STAKE the ward does not contain one; if it M. I. A. CHORUS, BIG BASIN, SANTA

does, improvements could be planned CRUS.

after careful study of the existing 2. ELDER B. W. WINWARD AND FIVE

center. SONS,MISSIONSALLFOROF THEWHOMCHURCH.HAVE FILLED

The Senior Committee has had few communications from the wards. Will SOUTH DAVIS STAKE PRESIDENCY,

you leaders kindly write in and tell us JOINVILLE, SANTA CATHARINE DISwhat you have done that has been esTRICTA SUCCESSFULBASKETBALLSEASONSQUAD,WITHWHO GERHAD pecially fine? We should like to know MAN AND GERMANBRAZILIAN TEAMS.

about it in order that we may pass on SAN FRANCISCO STAKE your successes to other wards. CHORUS.

It has been reported that Ensign 6. SNOWFLAKE STAKE SWARM DAY.

ward. Ensign stake, has one of the 7 AND classesfinest Senior in the Church. STAKES. M.TWOI. A.VIEWSSUNRISEOF SERVICE.THE RIGBY

The group recently had a social evening during which they got together and made a pilgrimage to interesting places stopping on the way for refreshments. What have you done?

TRUE SPORTSMANSHIP ANDTHE M MEN

'T'he dominant words in the above title should be synonymous to all fellows to keep myself morally clean, direct some attention to the last phraseactive M Men. To become an active to defend fearlessly the truth, to learn of the above pledge. Too often sportsmember in a ward M Men organizamodesty and manliness, and to obey manship is interpreted to apply to those

tion one must express before this group the true rules of sportsmanship."participating in athletics only—and by

the following pledge: "In order that I At this time of the year when so them in a rather limited or narrow

might render my finest service to humuch Churchwide interest is being sense. To help a crippled opponent

manity, I pledge before God and my shown in athletics, it is opportune to off the floor, to take a referee's deci48

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

sion with respect, to be on the floor plan of the General Board and are thereettas. It is always enlivening to give

regularly for practice, and to play a fore submitting the question to you. the entire group some little chance for

clean, honest game, constitutes full A Ward Gleaner Leader. expression and the best way seems to

measure of sportsmanship for some To Gleaner Leader: be by song. This sort of thing can be

athletes. Should it not also include for The Gleaner leader should always carried on between courses without

him the strictest rules for training, be recognized as the presiding officer being disturbed by the placing or reproper eating and rest habits, total aband conducts the class period, unless moving of dishes. The success of a

stinence from tobacco and liquor, freeshe decides otherwise. However, ten banquet program seems to depend on

dom from profanity, in play and out, minutes at the beginning of the period its being well prepared, not too long, regular attendance at M Men meetings, should be allotted to the class oificers and not all serious. Success to you

active participation in class activities, to transact any business they have on in your plans and we shall be happy and wholehearted support to the enhand. We feel you have caught the to have a report on the outcome.tire M Men program. This would spirit of a true Gleaner leader as stated

justify the conclusion so desired by all in the manual: "The ward Gleaner

interested in the M Men organization leaders are the close friends and adthat the M Men class is more than visors of the Gleaner girls. They will

basketball team, or a athletic cluban gladly opportunity give them every FINALS for EXPLORER VANBALL built organization it an is indeedthat their class development in conducting 4-5 SET FOR FEBRUARY inof physical, fourfold program aon are girls programs. with They them

tellectual, social, and spiritual activiin spirit, eager for their happiness and npHE SEVENTH annual vanball chamties, to develop personality, manhood, advancement, vitally interested in all pionship tournament for Explorer and spiritual integrity. their plans."Scouts is announced for Friday and

Sportsmanship applies with equal We were happy to get the followSaturday, February 4 and 5, by theforce to the M Man who does not ing report from a stake that has omitcommittee appointed by the Scout Exparticipate in athletics, and he should ted the banquet from their social calecutives, representing regions 1 1 and observe all the rules outlined for those endar for a number of years, but has 12.

who actively take part in them. There this year returned to it: For the first time the championship

is provided a channel only In Oneida had one we have which every throughtion M thissupervisionyear willof bethe conductedBoy ScoutunderCouncilsthe find that banquet out I can in ourM organizaMan can MenGleaner express himself and realize a developabout, and that was years ago. So with with the cooperation of the General

ment which comes through putting into the thought in mind that we would put Board of the Y. M. M. I. A.

practice the things which we hold as the Oneida Gleaners on the map, we planThe tournaments will be returned to standards of true sportsmanship. ned and held our stake party as suggested the Deseret Gymnasium, at least for the

in manual. rests responsibility final semifinal the greater rounds. and For Even

balls dance, gave a sold popcorn Wethe not three for they must coaches, years been the the games haveupon candy, to past presented and and programs only uphold the standards themselves, help with the expenses. This made it easier held at other places, but through the

but must insist that the boys do likefor all to attend. special cooperation of H. C. Mortensen,

wise. They must also realize that the Miss Lenore Lewis, Dean of Women manager of the gymnasium, dates have

principles which they allow the boys of the A. C, gave a very instructive talk been made available and the Explorer

to apply in play during the two or on personality, which happened to be our finals will be given the same considerpresent theme. since 87 There were and are so they ation brief basketball. years as whenthree Men M first it is to the Gleaner held banquet be will lives in their will participate influence representing anpowerful Teams in stake that Oneida very happy we were of councils: hundreds the following Peaks, to and them Teton backcome success. a such it was

social, these Valley, boys become Riverothers Cache Tendoy, Snake when President. Gleaner Stake

poUtical, and religious leaders and apValley, Ogden Area, Salt Lake, and ply these same principles in the dis- A stake Gleaner president writes as Utah National Parks. There will be

charge of their duties. follows 16 teams in the finals, two or more

We have been casting about for a theme teams being allotted to larger councils for our banquet but as yet have not found having more Explorers than others.

just what we want. Would you suggest Complete details of the championto that other used us have some been by ships sent to are being ExecScout lleaneu interthat think stakes or be would you

all utives of stake superintendents and to esting or Gleaners Gleaners and Men? M

I. the Y. A. M. M. and has year dawned, may NOTHERA President: Gleaner Stake To it Gleaner find SOCIALS Gleaner and every EXPLORER Little considered "Step a you Have in alive an such to INCREASING be gladLeader for of the the banquet theme

activities, daily in and herage, happy stakes received from where "Oeports held Presidents Gleaner and Men Higher,"M is sinthe goal, herbuilding toward Balls Explorer ExplorerJunior and at formed Conference? "Trees"June Committee. the Gleaner ofcere wish this Socials indicate held year been have finest of the for central idea one

in the request to the made In answer substantial increase a over previous parties that has Gleaner and Men theM in the November messagesGleaner years. the of Explorers programs The attention. to our theme come The

letters, containing ofissue, a number for Girls separate provide and Junior fits nicely, this group age "Romance,"quesof and accomplishmentsreports joint socials at various times during and if is especially banquet your and good tions about Gleaner work, have been is to be held in February. In place the year. Programs for these events

received.

Our first letter this month comes ofatizationstoasts youfrommightthe liveshaveof shortwellknowndram- areJuniorincludedManuals.in both Explorer and LeadGleaner a newlyappointedfrom literature. history or from ORGANIZATIONS The EXPLORER is lovers thater, contains a question and scene balcony from R,omeo and Juliet GROW often: quiteasked reader, or dramatized, of Explorer Scouting a good read by 11ARKED growth

This is my first year as a Gleaner leader is always enjoyed. For a humorous this season is reported from pracand I am anxious to fill the position to note you might do a bit from the Tam tically all areas of the Church. Like

offiability. Gleanerthe best Our short scene the of my ing from in feature a program, any Church of new Shrew—a

girls, capable and enthusiastic arecers and is actthe Katherine beginning its where Exploring predecessor the and Vanexists spirit cooperation between of finea ing another shrewish from and very slowly. progressed guard have program to arisen as question has us. a However, after last the of she has play the been this that are Indications prothe year in department correct our procedurethe

for her love acknowledges and tamed acgeneral with more gram is meeting take should Tuesday night—who for the Petruchio. evening before increased The music than ever ceptance and class leader? the officer or class chargeWe—aon

selections operlovely from [Continued the could be in page 50) with on like to beshould harmony

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

{Continued from page 49) The distribution of these funds is reggestions: All go the same Sunday to

registrations are reported from all ulated by the First Presidency, the fast meeting and pay your tithing. Or,

Scout Council Executives. Council of the Twelve, and the Preeach girl bring her tithing receipt and

siding Bishopric. Thus eighteen men put it in her My Story. This wouldTENTH ANNIVERSARY of wisdom and faith make the decision. be very appropriate if it is the girl's

CELEBRATION It is evident that their judgment would first receipt. If the girl does not earn

CeniorsentedScoutingby the inVanguardthe Churchprogramreprebeas aforwhole.the best good of the Church payinganythinganythingat all, untilshe issheexcuseddoes earn.from

from 1 928 to 1 935 and by the Explorer At the present time the Church Seprogram since that time will be ten curity Program is being established.

years old next June. Plans are now Some of the tithing is being invested

under way to properly celebrate this in this great Church project. Its puris to enlarge systematize pose and theanniversary during ConferJune ORGANIZATION SCOUT in NEW detail the has more a program Church details willence. Complete be anCHURCH- PLAN ADOPTED out: carried present relieve to always for February. in thenounced Era WIDE to the put and wants needy poor and

in a way to help themselves, so that npHE NEW plan of organization under in turn they may help others. No "which Scouting is to be sponsored

unless charity receive person ought to un- I. A. exclusively by the Y. M. M.

to he is compelled from to keep do so %2fMfUOU of stake der the direction and ward

EVERY JUNIOR GIRL A suffering. And when he does receive, Priesthood officers has now been inTITHEPAYER it should be in the spirit of exchange troduced and accepted throughout the

loan; in or give a should he exchange this five plan generally. testithis Church Under bears young woman/NE it will for as (or has he have such stake committeemen become members tithing: to relative mony later) of labor, or or should goods he I. stake of the and board A. Y. M. M. has the tithing Lord because I pay my gift return the as the soon as Lord five in of each members become ward I I shall be so, to and know doasked me so. for the to has pened him do way the board. ward request. this with for complyingblessed

feel free independhe and Then may tithing to include general or a when pay members taught These mother meMy ent. idle; shalt for not he be "Thou to girl, she took small me a when chairman, Explorer Chairman,I was group an

fast meeting and gave me a small amount that is idle shall not eat the bread nor a Scout Chairman, the Explorer Comthe this only laborer."the of purpose, for garments wear maybeof money missioner, the Commissioner. Scout and

I to doing proud befive cents. But was (Doctrine 42:42.) Covenants and Each rechairman, In the the group wards doing; mother thing wasthe same my is his share to expected person do all for the sponsible programs, Scout the for receipts, of and happyproud my his to circumstances according and Chairthe Explorer Scout Chairman, me. the bishop gave smileappreciative

it little; ability, the or be and much the Leader, the and Explorer man, tithing not those are pay do whoThere will to as the judge be whether Lord small, is offitheir earnings included. are of tenth Scoutmaster the Thesewhen

full his share. he does whether And to are pay ashamed they they saybecause cers additional committeemen, with

is help, the accepting giving person or is it they little. larger whensuch a Then for or each depending group more two

I it, is for there plenty to do. part so money. So each with much notcan will size the the of heregroup, upon

it for easy me mother glad made to try Girl myam Junior want would No in for after the responsible Scouting be is It with habit now. this.to a me do My for get nothing. to something Therestake. wards and of in is as one budgettithing entered my will fore, she to her want way: pay in leaders, Priesthood Aaronic who month. paid to each be items regularthe tithes offerings, her her do and and assisted years, past with Scout have Girl some earns Junior any Almost is bit foi there bit her wherever a reare work, Explorer committee now pleases. as she spends she whichmoney do. to in lieved the detail of that order they this tithing amount, howonShe owes said in President F. Smith Joseph to suthemselves devote quorum may is to obliged pay not small. Sheever of his one sermons: will, motivation. pervision and They is obliged she thantithing, more any time. not precious waste good Read Do closely however, with cooperate Scout but other commandment,to keep any recite, books, to sing learn to conand leaders the through Priesthood Aaronic she blessingif the obtain she would verse subjects will of be which upon Plan. Correlation she will So, interest the law. which to social associates in your obeymust and

it the gatherings, instead of If wasting she in this she pays case?do time L. D. S. SCOUTING APPROACHES

in that senseless practices lead to mischief. loyal she wants to be the Lordshows TWENTYFIFTHto His Church—shows she wants to Junior Girls will be obeying this ANNIVERSARY

receive and commandments, Hiskeep if to usehelp counsel they some make first 13, charter 1913, the r\N May faithful. the blessings promisedthe ful articles to distributed through be - the issued National was Counby all is of kept account accurate An the storehouse. Security Church Those

cil of the Scouts of to America Boy tithepayer go paid.tithing may Any in this will of charge department that Saint Scouts. time be Latterday At or his time, check convenientat and a to receive products glad some made all issued for a charter blanket was proper sure account andher make girls last result year's as of these a by Latterday Scouts throughout the Saint tithepayers All given.credit has been sampler, as such sweaters, hobby entire Plans are Church, being now at the bishop to meetare requested scarfs, mittens; caps, aprons, or dish

this to Silver celebrate prepared Jubilee retheir year, with of eachthe end quilt blocks, towels, layette. a The in connection Anniversary with June the year, for that and checkceipts girls suggest they should what would for Conference. February Era The it is the to reported beforeaccount line. this like in to can do work They official will the contain announcement for office permanent Bishop'sPresiding in individually or group. the a And for celebration. the plans and this It is attended that be wellrecord. will bless for tithes them, both Lord

to regularly. The tithing collected is and offerings.

used to carry out the purposes of the Bring ye all the tithes into the storeLord; spreading the Gospel to the nahouse, that there may be meat in mine

tions of the earth; helping the poor, house, and prove me now herewith, saith

feeble; building if I temhosts,the sick, the and the will not the Lord of open you

of buildings; heaven out pour windows a BUILDER IN THE HIVE and mainyouples Church and other

taining Church schools and seminarblessing that there shall not be room enough Tt is difficult for Bee Hive girls to ies; giving an allowance to those who to receive it. (Malachi 3:10.) check on their health cells unless

are required to give their constant atWork out your own plan as to how BeeKeepers help them in keeping an tention to the work of the Lord; and you will encourage your girls to meet accurate chart. One suggestion is:

many other just and worthy projects. this opportunity. Here are two sugOn a page in the Honey. Comb, which

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

has been margined in the shape of a regard to the slender and heavier types mained in the treasury, with many arcell, draw straight lines from each of figures. ticles sold, and yet to be paid for by

point through the center and to the the purchaser. The flowers not sold

opposite point. Do this with each From the Field were distributed to all the sick in the

point. At the top of one division The LoaCo-Hue Swarm of the ward, to the County Hospital and

Avrite "posture;"another, "open winSugar House Ward, Highland Stake, County Infirmary. A lovely baby

dows;"another, "four glasses of waSalt Lake City, had a booth at the blanket and sweater set were given to

ter;"next, "one vegetable besides pohome of Sister Lu Clark Fawson for an expectant mother. A number of

tatoes;"fifth, "brush teeth;"sixth, two weeks where dressed dolls, baby dolls were sent to sick children and

"wash hands before meal."Now draw clothing, and flowers were sold. Later others will be distributed during the

lines in each section so as to make a it was taken to the Church during the winter to unfortunate children in the little calendar in each of the six pieces. M. I. A. Road Show. The articles ward. There are ten girls in the Swarm

Each item can be checked every day were made by the girls. It was a and all have their bands and the

of every week for a month. Cutouts beautiful sight and the work was a awards they have earned. These girls

or drawings may be used around the credit to the Swarm. Firms and friends and their BeeKeepers are to be conmargin to illustrate each activity. also donated articles and flowers to gratulated upon such a fascinating

be sold. After expenses had been paid, project and are experiencing much joy

Gatherer of Honey including paying of tithing, $15.90 rein service.

The practical use of the symbol.

The first places to put your symbol arein the Honey Comb and on the band, LET EVE EQUAL X then on your personal belongings; on {Continued from page 2 1

furnishings.clothing and V/e room jealous everything, 'em his eyes, don't he? with making "Looks

call attention of to sealsagain your like I the best look at you!"remedy,"seems to be about Just paper. cut from symbolsyour gummed

Silver or gold or painted on white "He certainly don't look like he remarked after ruminating at paper are satisfactory and are jolly you're looking at me right now or length, "but how you going to work for Christmas seals or birthday seals she'd call the police!"it?;;

in exchanging gifts. Then how would "What else? Looking at her "Yes, how?"echoed Tubby.

you like to carve out some book ends isn't enough to get me all excited!"Heads in hands, the two sat sunk

prints?or block coping and saw lot of in of thought. A intense look awful has an and "Oh, A well—he

fine furnish ply a opporsome wood lately, painful concentration contorted business always Dad, with "fortunity applied After symbolism. features. freckled talking. Cuthbert's there Sudfirst, are cut carved, shellac orsymbols

alidea struck denly in an him he's love with with your mean "You If oil paint. paintthen use with you

lisforce. physical "Saay, most dad?"last. colors, shellacwater then Look

up the past year's Eras, November, "Good Friday, no! Will I have ten!"he whispered, excitedly, "TheDecember and January for further sugto operate on that skull of yours to JVlutual's giving a holiday party—

gestions. get an idea into it? It means he

gets to see Eve oftener!"very JVIary was WrightFirst Aid Anything days. "Oh. else?"busy these Indeed, she workall this to BeeKeepers do We urge there's lots that of signs "Well, in- a feverish played with ed and

little as thoroughly, very awork a notice, kid tensity foreign to usually guy like her placid me can A often proves a dangerousknowledge thing. Unnecessary use of the tournilike you, without any experience in nature and with a gayety that might

quet should be avoided, also the movthose things, wouldn't see 'em."have seemed forced to a close obing of a patient until a doctor arrives "Well, I can't see how a person server. Just now, as president of

and the extent of the injury can be could know a person was in love the Y. W. M. I. A., she was panning

determined. Bee Hive girls can render with another person, unless the perthe details of a holiday party.

the greatest service in first aid by keepson that was in love with the other She and her assistants had gone to ing a patient quiet and treating for person told the person—-"great pains to make this different.

points be pressureshock. should The After consultation, a much person, "First wiener person, second

as a girl learnedthoroughly may save all to upon, decided was third inroast held person, singular!"be very serious bleeding of casea life in by

in the frosty site moonlight, to the like a lesson toned Tubby, "Sounds to pressure apply onknowing where the proper pressure point until the docin grammar. Makes me think of be selected by the Boy Scouts, who

tor arrives. Teach the girls to be neat the time you conjugated the verb were to act as guides to the rendezand sanitary with their bandaging. 'to wink'. Remember?"vous. This was to be followed by a

Cleanliness and the proper care of "Shut up!"said Cuthbert. dance in the social hall.

wounds is very important and should "'I w'ink at Helen, Mary was pleased and touched be thoroughly taught. Caution must I wank at Helen, by the eagerness with which Tubby

in to regard applying emphasizedbe Cuthbert, Patrol and as leader and I have at Helen wunken many splints infurther that injury so no be fell in her with plans. times!'"recited rapassistant, Tubby, They girls first all flicted. In aid the make just the place, they idly. knew assured feel discussing apand making when

plication of the work that they must "Lay off!"shouted Cuthbert, her and would make all arrangetake the same precaution as though wrathfully, "before I apply this ments. Bursting with importance

they were caring for an injured person. monkey wrench where it will do the and their own secret plans, they

most good!"marshalled the troop, had them

Guardian of the Treasure Tubby dodged expertly, and sugdressed in uniform, laden with supBe sure you combine plenty of acgested hastily that they get back to plies and all ready to escort the tivity this guide. with stake used One to the spot decided their upproblem. sigh merrymakers a with And dolls of the (brunette, four typespaper on, a full hour the before appointed tools Cuthbert his precious put awayetc.) dresses of various and had

time. location This the Scouts'was his faithful to desert prepared colandors which four could the be by worn

dolls and the girls were very strikingly Lady Godiva for the fairer but more secret, for the success of Tubby's made aware of the colors best suited fickle Eve. and Cuthbert's plan depended upon

for types. The same was done with "'Cording to the movies and that. (Continued on page 52)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

to pretend the others their LET EVE EQUAL X musthere we'rehave changed mind and {Continued from page 51) start out to hunt know 'em—you

Fate played beautifully into their Out of the sunset haze, a dapper what we planned!"

hands. Mary, it seemed, must be young man with a suitcase, hurried "Yes, and then we were to find

late to the party, as hers was the toward them. "Could you, ah, dithem and Eve was to fall on Richresponsibility of seeing that all was rect me to the Meredith home?"he ard's neck 'cause he came late with in readiness for the ball. Cuthbert inquired. Very explicitly, Tubby Mary—don't sound so hot to me

it don't."was therefore to wait and direct her directed him. "Eve's boy friend not on an empty stomach,

to the picnic grounds while Tubby's from Back East!"he hissed, when "Who got me into this, anyway?"

problem was to inveigle Richard to the stranger had gone on his way. demanded Cuthbert, hotly, "Who

it said, 'Let X'—Eve equal in asked to have ought him was Scouts other "You the same spot—the the wienies "Well, are all gone the roast,"suggested wienie to the Cuthescorted having meantime the

crowd to the real scene of the fesbert, "besides, that wasn't the way by now, never fear!"said Tubby, in

tivities. to your house, was it?"a dying voice, "worst of it is, I saved Mary, arranging last minute floral "Oh, just a wee bit round about,"up my appetite at lunch time—decorations in the gleaming ballTubby replied, airily, "I don't want only ate—

room, zealously assisted by the conhim getting there too soon: Mother "Never mind!"interrupted Cuthspirators, heard the shouts and will send him out hunting the party. bert, "I don't want to hear what

ate! Let's run a race and getlaughter of the hikers as they folUse your head! We don't want you

lowed the haversackladen Scouts him gumming up the works! How our feet warm!"

hilariously out of town. With a can you expect Eve to be jealous "Save your strength to get you

bitter little smile she pictured Richwhen Richard and Mary come late home on an empty stomick!"Tubby

ard assisting the glamorous Eve to the party together, if she has her said hollowly, "When we going to along the rocky trail. At the sound backeaster there to take her mind give up and go?"

of his familiar voice she started off?""Let's don't fail Richard again.

violently and dropped a wreath "And will Richard be sore when I'm 'fraid he won't have much userakishly on Cuthbert's upturned he finds that guy's here!"Cuthbert for us after that trick—even if it

head. As if summoned by her added. was for his own good. You know

thought of him, Richard stood in "He would have to pop up right they couldn't find the crowd, if they the doorway. at this particular time!"Tubby dishould come, if we weren't here.

"What's the trouble?"He adrected a vicious scowl toward the But, Friday, my feet are cold!"

vanced rather selfconsciously tostranger's receding back. "Course your feet are cold. Just

ward the three decorators. Mary "Well, if my scheme works out about twice as cold as mine!"Tublooked blank and Tubby said glibly, and she gets jealous enough to be by agreed.

"Well, you see, the decorating right good and interested in Richard "How's that?"

there's twice of as much "Why, is Friend before she knows Boy all donewasn't Coppy—er cackled them!"halfheartedly He harm!"he can't here, do any maybe andCuthbert andme—I—thoughtso at then added, and humor his own if the him, consoled "Not Cuthbert Scoutmaster as decidedwell, we

girl's got you'd everything,and eyes in her head—or gray

roast either!""Hey,beef—they'reyour ears lookso likered!"hunks of Miss ought—you'dMary—matter,prob'ly want to help

he floundered to a confused stop. "This is a poor time to bring that

Richard looked at Mary. Where's the matches?"up!"Cuthbert cupped his hands

"You sent for me?"asked Tubby, shivering in the wan over his ears and thought about

"Certainly not!"said Mary, winter twilight, above the dried yesterday's dinner. Roast beef,

proudly. brush and twigs they had raked tomashed potatoes, brown gravy,

deepdish apple pie with lots of "Why, these boys said—Tubby, gether near the spring.you said—"In your pocket, I s'pose. I know cream. He was roused from this

"Well, Coppy, we'd better be get- I haven't any."blissful dream by another attempt

ting along!""Tubby said hastily, "What? No matches! You're a at humor on Tubby's part. "You

"We'll be waiting out here when dandy Scout! Thought a Scout was look like Cassius!"

you're ready to go. Miss Mary!"always prepared for emergencies!""Cassius Who?"Cuthbert de-

"Well, I certainly should not have "Well, if I was as good a Scout as manded. He was in no mood for rewaited if they hadn't told me you some folks seem to think they are, marks of a personal nature.

that said "Oh, know!"fire a in these wet Richard I could make heard they me!"wanted

vaguely, guy—you"'Cassius hath Tubby a matches!"without door. branches any the back out slunksay, as they

lean and hungry look!'Shakespeare,,Richard followed them to the door. "Well, no use getting mad—noth-

"Where is it?"he demanded shortly. ing scoutish about that!"or somebody!"

He looked queer, Cuthbert "Scoutly, you mean. No, of "Cassius Shakespeare,"Cuthbert

ruminated, "Don't know him. Live to quarrel! it won't course help any bythought. "Up—up J—Jackson around here?"the wienies? We'll gnaw Where's stammered.Spring!"he

"Well, you boys go on, I know a few cold while we're waiting.""Oh, let it go!"said Tubby, wearthe way. We'll come when Mary's "Wienies? Why—why—didn't ily, "He's some ancient guy or other.through here."you bring any?"shouted Tubby. Only reason I brought him up—he

"He didn't seem very mad, did "Who? Me? Say, did I have to had a hungry look and so have

he?"whispered Tubby, as they hurthink of everything? I gave 'em to you!"

ried away. Butch to divide around—I never "Bet he was a Boy Scout doing

"He might have been exercising a thought of needing any here! Any- a kind turn to somebody!"muttered

lot of selfcontrol."Cuthbert sugway, we didn't plan to stay here and Cuthbert, with unaccustomed bitgested. eat. When Richard and Mary get terness.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

a good did meLet Eve Equal X turn—whether you When Eyston Traveled to, or not!"meant

{Concluded from page 19) "Whwhat—

eleven by Tubby's J\t "Well, clutch of the Thunderis, Mary and troublesome I-we—thatwrist watch, and they gave up to talking all about went I got in comwhere, and forgot bolt to Los Angeles,

home. They went a long, cold mile the wiener roast, believe it or not!"pany with Dave Frank and Riley

the place to pass theirout of way it redesigned all right?"Brett, and the clutch was "And did—is—is held, picnic the beenwhere had embarrassed, the Cuthbert, eliminated finally but stammered on the trouble

the fire was out and the place trambut determined to find out if his sufthird and last trip. "Our problem,"

pled and deserted. Halffrozen and fering was in vain. said Miller as he waited for his

with all their plentiful supply of the "All right!"exclaimed Richard, breakfast, "was to eliminate the memilk of human kindness curdled in "Why, everything's as right as chanical difficulties and rebuild a

their souls, the conspirators plodrain!"Tubby beamed. "Then it successful clutch and keep it within

ded through the snowy street toworked, Coppy, old boy, it worked! the flywheel of the Thunderbolt, and

ward the brightly lighted ballroom, I knew old Coppy could fix it! 1 we succeeded."

where in unconscious mockery of said to him, I said, 'You just say, "I suppose the Captain felt their discomfort, the warm and wellLet Eve equal X,'and go to it! So mighty lucky getting the run over

fed dancers whirled gaily past the she sat up and took notice, did she?"just ahead of the rainstorm,"I

windows. Richard looked blank. "Now, queried.

"Well,"said Cuthbert, gloomily, now. Tubby, take it easy,"he adEddie's eyes opened with a snap

"Richard wasn't at the wienie roast. vised. "You've been out in the cold as the waitress set a plate of smokHe didn't know where it was. So, so long your brains are a bit numb. ing ham and eggs under the sleepy

maybe Eve missed him and Mary What's all this about Eve? Eve man's nose. Between mouthfuls of

and got jealous, after all!"Who?"food he continued: "You know, I'm

"Here's hoping!"Tubby sighed "Eve Who? Why, Adam's wife, more or less of a heathen. I never

gustily. of course!"said Cuthbert, with have taken any interest in religion,

"Look! Look at that, will ya!"heavy sarcasm? "That's who you but I've seen and heard things durCuthbert grasped his arm. Richard been pining away over, ain't it? Ever ing this last few months'experience

and Mary were dancing past. They hear of Eve Pond?"on the Salt Flats that have made

were looking deep into each other's "Oh, Eve Pond. Yes, she's a nice me feel there must be some Univereyes and their faces were radiant. little girl and a pretty one, too. sal Power that watches and preHeartlessly absorbed in each other Mighty happy tonight, too, I imagsides over all things. You wouldn't

while Richard's wouldbe benefacine. Her friend is here, I see."think that Captain Eyston v/as a

outside.tors perishing stood I don't rehgious man, know and you care? Ain't you "And don't pulled Cuthon!"Tubby "Come not, is or but this mornhe whether jealous inquired or anything?"

door,bert the ought "That toward I over grabthe run ing was when belhgerently. Cuthbert,

that! at looking he'sto be Eve said, Captain's like"and the hand bed looked genRichard me?""Who, gotta done!Something's be just of did 'Well, ahead it! and we I surprised. should "Why enuinely gaiety melody, and Warmth, rainstorm; account a how you do I jealous?"care? supposed to be Am hall. inside the Cuthveloped them it off did. for rain's as holding the laughed. he slipfelt his wellnursed grouchbert Captain?

ping away. Blinking in the bright "Somebody's supposed to be jeal- "'Eddie, the Master has held His

light, they stood about, searching ous!"shouted Cuthbert.""If you arm around me for the past two

for Eve. ain't jealous, and Eve ain't jealous, weeks,'answered the Captain right

"Maybe she's grieving in some what, for Pete's sake, did I freeze back.

corner!"suggested Cuthbert. my ears for?""I somehow wasn't surprised at

"No,"Tubby whispered, out of "And why did I miss my supper?"the Captain's answer and was not

his larger experience with women, moaned Tubby, tightening his belt. surprised when he continued, 'Eddie,

"she's probably putting on a brave Richard looked in bewilderment I've prayed for success on these Salt irate to another.face, though her heart is breakfrom one Scout is that Flats and the"reason theing—"still all us.'dark. in the "I'm with Here I Master was

A sudden whiff of some exotic was starting out to be eternally Eddie hesitated at this point and perfume and Eve herself drifted by, grateful to you boys for helping me looked at me; his face was most sinin the arms of a dandified stranger. to patch up my quarrel with Mary cere and his voice earnest. "Believe"Ain't that—that's the guy that got and you keep ringing Eve into the it or not, Mr. Mann, I've even

isn't it?"train,off the I the story. get don't connection."that successbe prayed would we "himself! BackEaster, "Old Wonful'it let pass!"said Cuthbert "Oh,

after her, everder found he how enjoyed more his Eddie a few mouthof another had "Tubby directions! clearas-mudmy No largely,

I fuls continued, can't then guess. and dreams, "You Anyway, we Richard's dancing withwonder help admiring the Captain. daily turn our good and He pipedone—did I just he's bet putting on!"Mary!

I to unlimited have personally, think seemed an a comworth Mary's barnful of Eves. But I'm telling you, mand of capital, and yet, despite

/.T THE earliest opporright now, I'm mixing in no more all the financial support and worldly

tunity, the boys sought Richard out. love affairs! Them that wants to power behind him, he was prayerful

"Now, now!"he interposed, smilingget tangled up in them can untangle and never hesitated a moment in

ly before they could speak, "don't theirselves! People that understand giving the Master the credit for hissay it, boys, don't say it! You had it women so well—"he cast a withsuccess,"

coming to you, you know, for that ering glance at Tubby, "can solve Eddie was silent. I waited for him

whopper you told! I don't know *em. Hereafter, I'm taking my alto continue. After a moment, I

what the idea was, but you surely gebra straight!"looked up—he was fast asleep!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

The Gospel Goes ment.as four Someor fiveofstories,these haveand asaremanybuilt tiatedfathers,bywrittenthe historyso longofagotheirby foretheir

style. given Leader, in skyscraper the set Prophet and back The Mormon, LamanitesTo The inner are only the to so recently the world rooms by higher modand (Concluded from page 44) accessible by ascending a ladder em Prophet Joseph Smith. In

well as the younger ones, speak from the roofs of the lower homes. carrying this history to these people,

English. Made of adobe, these Pueblos apthese young missionaries are fulThe district presidency with Eldpear to be part of their surroundings filling a remarkable prophecy written

ers Ralph Gardner of Salt Lake and to have grown up from the in that work over 2,500 years ago:

City, Chelhs Hall of Eager, Ariground. "... There shall be many which shall

zona, and Val Despain of Presoott, In visiting the towns of San Juan, believe the words which are written; and

shall forth carry unto the remthem of several Clara, theyArizona, Santa and and San Ildefonso, M Men shall of seed. the then our nant And before appeared governors Branchthe to the they talked Taos where of our seed concerning remnant know

three hundred Indians of the Taos (a governor to rule the pueblo is how that we came out from Jerusalem, andus,

Pueblo high up in the beautiful Taos elected each year from among and that they are descendants of the Jews. And

Mountains near the famous artist by the Indians themselves) of each the Gospel of Jesus Christ shall be deshall clared wherefore, them, they among of thecolony missionaries pueblo, the exsame name, and afterwere their restored the of unto knowledge in a lively beaten that the be interested game to learnwards were ceedingly fathers, to the of Jesus and also knowledge of basketball by the Indian team prevalent religious symbol in the Christ, which was had among their fathers.

2812. The Indians showed a very Pajaritan pottery is that of the And then shall they rejoice; for they shall

it is that a blessing unto from them know for the aptitudemarked called the serpent game and feathered Awanyu..."of the hand of MorGod. (Book fast for thewere too Mormons. serpent which, like the plumed II 30:3-6.) so mon, Nephi

These Pueblos are two of eighteen common in the ruins of Mexico, villages which lie along the upper represents the, perhaps not so mythThe SpanishAmerican Mission is part of the Rio Grande, which winds ical, God of the preColumbian aboyoung, having been divided but reits way from the mountains of rigines. According to Edgar Lee cently from the Mexican Mission,

Southern Colorado to the Gulf of Hewett, the wellknown authority but with all the zeal of her youth she

Mexico. In these villages, in the on the southwestern Indians: "It looks forward to the great work that

very shadow of the ruins of the ancan hardly be doubted that the comlies in store for her among this incient people that populated the bination of bird and serpent, emdigenous people. Surely through

Pajarito Plateau, live some eight or blematic of deific power of sky and her and her sisters, the other Lamanten thousand Pueblo Indians. This earth, called the Awanyu by the ite missions, shall the promise come

name, which in Spanish means Pueblos is the Quetzalcoatl of the to pass:

"town,"has been applied to them Aztec Mythology."{Hewitt, An- "... Their scales of darkness shall bebecause of their gregarious habit of cient Life in the American Southgin to fall from their eyes; and many genliving in villages, in many of which west, p. 214.) saveerationstheyshallshallnotbe passa whiteawayandamongdelightsomethem,

the houses are stacked together to Thus are these legends and trapeople."(Book of Mormon, II Nephi 30:

form an edifice much like a teneditions of the Indians being substan- 6.)

I None But The Brave toolife."lovely to have only the drab in milkfeed hundredsthem all dayof cowsand andmilkthenthem

[Concluded from page 25) Linda sat stricken and dumb. Her again at night. I go to bed so

the that I forget to wind weary so suddenly and crashed had tiny the not around room in many hopes is clock. the the blue But sky and find couldn't that she completely strides. stopped he Suddenly more I fresh. are a man's doing winds am hold to take large piece enough any "I'm said abruptly, going and then

I shall look over and day some work of. said goodbye, they Somehow Linda."away, call mine. acres these them and left alone. MechanLinda and was

Linda sat rather breathless and ically she picked up the coat and "I have even learned to be couranswered, "Yes?"There was so hung it up. She gave a hysterical ageous. I was a coward when I left

much to say but only Harvey could little cry as she closed the closet you. I was afraid of a fur coat.

say it. door. Now I have become brave to the

"You know I've been hoping for The dreary winter somehow point of asking you to share these a chance to go west—to get into the dragged itself out. Spring came acres with me. It's hard work for

ranching game. I suppose it sounds and she greeted the first robin in- a woman too, but I believe that you

foolish to you that anyone would differently, wondering why he was also have courage. There's somewant to leave the city, but I've also foolish as to come to a city when thing very fine in your soul, Linda.

ways had a yearning for the sohe was perfectly free to go west Something I couldn't resist."

called wideopen spaces and now I and live on a ranch. Linda finished the rest of the letto rent ranch a opportunity an have real ter a breath before she drew in that lived one on hope The in uncle. time an from Perhaps of suflung glance a she then and of heart sudher I small corner was

it. first to at can hoped in buy fur at coat hanging the at periority denly day one when rewarded

it wouldn't with take closet. resistance,"you she the "Piece de I hadme—but the last letter tore a came. She

I fair. leave to couldn't ask you be scoffed. eagerly: read off and envelope for city of the hardthe comforts the at an put hat her on She new

ships of ranch life.""My dear Linda: angle exactly attuned to spring and

He walked over and touched her "Some smart guy once said, 'Go then went out to hunt for the nearcoat, "I guess it was this coat that West, young man,'and I am sure est florist for she knew that she sort of scared me out. Beautiful that he had me personally in mind. simply must have a rosecolored

things belong to you, Linda. You're I get up at five in the morning and hyacinth.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

A NEW INSTITUTION IN RELIGIOUS EDUCATION (Continued from page 12) Stake, the superintendent and board kind of institution we proposed, the

The writer often pondered the of the Granite School District, the nature of its work, its relation to situation. How could the problem superintendent of Church Schools the high school, and asked that the

be solved? At length an idea occurand the superintendent of Public board authorize the public high

red to him, but no one to whom he Instruction. The story is further school to accept towards graduation

title letter to Superintendent work, Horace the under the same same least its practicality was aested—atmentioned it seemed greatly intertold in the following extracts from one unit of credit in Bible history

for of the Latterday the University H. which Cummings of Utah the idea onlydoubted. Hence, was

an idle dream or was there some Saints'Church Schools, written unwas giving entrance credit. The

degree of inspiration in it? Let us der date of April 23, 1912, and found board granted our request. The

see. recorded in the minutes of a meeting proposed seminary, we told the

It seemed to the husband that the held by the General Church Board board, was intended to give the same 29. 1912: courses in the Bible and in Churchproposed solution of the problem of Education, May

that history given were and doctrines If the one.could only be a practical this Board of Education day The State

S. school of in the high the L. D. a resolution permitting passed public high it takeright people would up and

for University. credit for by to schools graduation accept any work We asked it to seedetermine then through,

for of the accepted University by Utah for the only however, obtainable.the objective At was entrance. of the resolution State This for Bible the the which high school,work—thatlength thing happenan unexpected together of school the action the with Board

ed. The husband was made a authorities of the Granite School District University of Utah gave entrance

credit. in history Courses shall that the forward Church with go mean we Presiof the Granite Stakemember

establishing the of plan a seminary near in their doctrine sectarian were and first its atdency. meetweekly And School. Granite High to nature did not ask and them weing privileged to that attend he was I to authorized consult been have... be accredited. Further, assured we

.. that informed teacher. he a about hadhe was now you. The Presidency

automatically become a member of of Granite Stake, I am authorized to say, the board that we would engage as that teachers seminary only board your and assume you those whothe of Education. Stake Board At suggest

responsibility the of nominating and emscholastic state the met requirements the question proposed,once was teacher, the a suitable ploying and work school teachers. high of made the duties are instruction of this of in accordance Board on be carried"What

plans general your your under and it does the proposed do?"Yes, the seminary Thus new with was—what of the supervision. presidency stake The to a proposition, of religious education, be a school a very hadmember to privilege desire the of aponly have

important project that should be proving the teacher you suggest and the located near the high school but enput over. work you propose to do, the stake to protirely independent of it, though its

its the necessary vide building mainand to purpose the serve students was that so October Monday And tenance. of the this school. high make To inevening, 1911, President Frank

I it is the desire the suggest of May service available to the students, and front Taylor's room, a seminaryY. strong presidency of the stake a to have

at the Granite High School was young man who is properly qualified to without handicap we asked that the e. the satisfactory "released grant most in a do work manschool living a enconceived and became time"—i.

ner. necessarily not do young By we give the student the privilege oftity. full a free discussion After and

is in a years, teacher young mean who the to going seminary during anyof project the the was member new is in his feelings, but a young man who authorized to go ahead as he had who loves young people, who delights in period of the day that he might have outlined. District School Superintheir company, who can command their no high school class. "Released

respect a admiration and and time"to important was even more B.tendent Ashton was consult- W. influence great over them. want... exerciseWe the of the success seminary, we contheed; next Board. Granite School is student, a thorough a one man who who

All approved; so did the Stake High will not teach in a perfunctory way, but cluded, than high school credit for

Council. Smooth sailing so far. Next who will enliven his instructions by a Bible study. But "released time"

evipersonality winning give and credit and both essential, were weState of Public Superintendent of of a thorough Instrong,dence understanding and asserted, for the greatest success.struction, A. C. Nelson, was apscholarship in the things teaches he....

is teacher is a leader wanted and favorable. toproached who found and be A result this of all that the The was will universally the regarded as be invited to to who asked beThen we Granite Seminary ready was to open inferior in the of school. teacher high no

hismeet with board where we could I earliest the shall convenience the be with of At the opening Granite present our proposition both in writpleased to call on you and discuss this High School in September, 1912.

further.ing in speech. and was matter The request Yates, a graduate Thomas of Cor- J.

sincerely, Yoursreadily granted. University, in the teacher was (Signed) JOSEPH P. MERRILL. nell In a letter to Superintendent Nelcharge. institution The new was

son, written under date of March 28, The minutes go on to say: welcomed by the school authorities,

1912, we said: Several of the brethren expressed themboth in the district and in the high

The thought behind the whole proposelves favorably to the movement, it being school. It began under favorable

sition ( to establish a seminary at the regarded as a good opportunity to start auspices. Its success has continued

in policy -which school a work, Church new is to devise a School)Granite scheme High until that this one. day From if will successful, to it possible give from make seshall object that one no can to which

until then ever one has no now training theological to students of the state for the unitedcure support Granite High

School and thus build up the school and high schools at a nominal cost. The imthought it should be closed or abanin a small way contribute to the building portance of having the right kind of doned.

up of the district supporting the school. teacher was emphasized.

T Tp to this time all officials conAt the meeting with the state \X7e sometimes "build better than sulted had unanimously apboard, above referred to. Superinwe know."It was so in this

proved the proposition—the presitendent Cummings and the writer case. The Granite Seminary was

dency and high council of Granite outlined in considerable detail the set up to serve L. D. S. students at55

a. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

tending the Granite High School during 192021.. The minutes of the

to give them as nearly as could be General Board of February 3, 1926, The Protestors of the opportunity of studying the same record Superintendent Adam S. Christendom courses in religious education enBennion as reporting: "To take the

joyed by students in the high school place of the academies, the Church ( Continued from page 1 1 of the L. D. S. University. Its proinstituted the seminary and has exsojournings of the holy and univermoters had no thought or desire that tended its field of service, until now sal ( catholic ) church in every place."

it should have any influence in closwe have fiftynine seminaries."So This is not unlike the beginning of

ing* L. D. S. academies. But if it the success of the seminary resulted Clement's First Letter to the Corinwere successful at Granite they did not only in its extension to existing thians: "The church of God which

hope that sooner or later L. D. S. high schools, but in the closing of sojourns in Rome to the church of

students in other public high schools Church academies and turning their God which sojourns in Corinth..."

might have the privilege of attendplants over to boards of education Even had Clement written the letter ing a seminary. The General to be operated as public high in his own name and not in the name

Church Board of Education must schools. of the church at Rome, it would not

have had the same hope, for in the The seminary movement continhave been unique; thus Ignatius

minutes (as above quoted) is reued to advance so that during the writing to the Romans says: "I am

corded the statement, "it being recurrent school year ( 193738) there writing to all the churches,...'"*

in junior operation than to are 250 opportunity more as a goodgarded or leadership the of primacy The seminaries, seminaries, senior in 95 and school policystart a Church new is at the afchurch nowhere Rome institutes collegiate seminaries or 13work."

letter.'in the the of body The this firmed L. in S. students serving at D. Granite experiment was The is letter of tone the of admonione

universities, It of colleges pol- "startsuccessful. a did and number new tion in exhortation, for instance, and

institustate eleven of in being school themicy Church work"—2, counsel,"LVIII, our "Receive and five being of tions the practically that and numberpolicy developed has

in the of concluding the paragraphs universities. in state religious setup educationa new will letter: joy us give "For you there 193738 story year the thein of During the Church, The

if to gladness, are obedient and you in in different these are the teachers the seminary 750 ofdevelopment the things which we have written one, seminaries, fascinating is a but grade serving 38,939Church the through Holy Spirit.""students. permit of its being not does movespace And the seminary

told at this time. Suffice it to say ment will be extended to other pub- A difference in attitude and purthat the extension of the seminary lic schools as rapidly as the means pose parallels the difference in value

to other high schools, at first slow, can be found with which to do it. between the Epistles and the Book

has been rapid in recent years. The seminary system of the of Revelation of the New TestaDuring the year 191213 there was Church has been characterized by ment and the writings of the Aposone in operation (Granite); during nonMormon educational authority tolic Fathers. Clement, if he is the

191718 there were eight; fifteen as the finest system of religious eduauthor of Clement's First Letter to

during 191819; and twentyone cation in existence. the Corinthians,"wrote in the name

of the church of Rome and for the church of Rome. John the Revelator

in his own name and as comTHE STORY OF OUR HYMNS wrote (Concluded from page 24) manded by the Lord. The church at

Rome, using Clement as the scribe, is doubtful if the author ever conJohn Menzies Macfarlane wrote to the church at Corinth acsidered it as such. It is not a "sacred Author of "Fat, Far Away on cording to the custom of the time:

poem expressive of devotion or spirJudea's Plain""The trials of a particular church are itual experience."But if it is not a known to distant churches, and the

message of divine truth there never "VUHEN the story of the origin of churches admonish one another in a was one written. It is a simple ser- "Far, Far Away on Judea's brotherly spirit."""The churches

mon and contains admonitions that Plain"was published in The Imare in continual correspondence: this

appeal to the Mormon heart. George provement Era (December, 1936), correspondence with letters and mes-

Q. Cannon recognized its value it seemed impossible to secure a sengers is regular and so to say ofwhen he heard it in that Scottish photograph of the author. Later, ficial.""The difference in value

conference. He saw in it a message however, Mr. John M. Macfarlane, then is to be explained in part if not

of hope; a song of promise; an urge a son of the hymn writer, furnished wholly by the fact that the authors

to be "faithful and fearless,"and a small picture which is here reproof the New Testament Epistles and one that fitted well in Mormon duced.

philosophy. Ignatius to the Romans, iv, 1

"Hemmer, Introduction, Clement de Rome,

This song must have been writEpifre aux Corinthiens, p. xlv.

ten by one who had been in the "Clement's First Letter to the Corinthians.

shadows but was now bursting the "The letter contains a discussion of the shackles of ignorance and beginmoral questions leading up to the return of ning to see the light. peaceof unity;in theteachingsCorinthiandirectlychurch; theintendednecessityto

The last stanza is a call to reremedy the division among the Corinthians;

main true and press forward to the a concluding summary and expression of coveted goal, where blessings attend willdesirebe fordeliveredpeace;bystatementmessengers.that the letter

those who are faithful to the end. Battifol, The Primitive Church and

It is a beloved, adopted child in Catholicism, p. 168.

Mormon hymnody. ''Battifol, L'Eglise Naissanfe, p. 157.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

the author of the Book of RevelaSome Facts About tion wrote officially as commanded Quality Stock by the Spirit of the Lord or by the Poultry Hatching Hatched Right

Apostolic Himself. FaTheLord T Ttah's poultry hatching and Delivered Fresh thethers without wrote same official

position and without any "new enbreeding industry represents an richment of revelation"and, though investment of roughly $900,000.00,

of real value, are nevertheless relaof which approximately half is in tively quite inferior. hatching plants and equipment, the

What then may be learned as to balance in breeding stock and the practice and teaching of the houses.

primitive church from this early From three to four million eggs source? are processed and converted into

baby chicks in these plants each sea- /ERTAiN passages of the Letter of son, and these eggs bring an average

Clement are striking: in chapter premium of $4.50 to $6.00 a case

xvi, 2, the writer of the letter obabove the best cash market for extra Production Bred serves that Jesus did not come "with grade eggs to the producers. Mountain Bred and hens and 150,000 Approximately arrogance, or of pride ofthe pomp Acclimated

to supply required are males 8,000 hisfor all but humblepower, was and Certified U. S. Approved

for these hatcheries. hatching eggs xvi, 17, in chapterminded;"and Pullorum Tested

"You see. Beloved, what is the exThere are over 200 breeding flock

ample which is given to us; for if the owners in the state.

Lord was humbleminded, what Hatchery operators and embest are do, among the have ployeesshall through him who we qualified e industry, in the speciahsts poultry grace?"the of his under yokecome

and again in chapter xxx, 8, "Forsince the nature of their business Quality Turkey Poults wardness and arrogance and boldnecessitates a thorough knowledge e ness belong to those that are acof all phases of poultry husbandry, Modern Poultry breeding, but of incubation, only gentleness hunot andcursed by God, feeding, control, housing and Equipment disease those are with meeknessmility and o well. as management blessed are God."bywho

successand is Breeding and the assigned a rank Apostles To assure hatching is the ful33 yeospoultryof experiencepractical you apart: "Let us set before our eyes foundation of the entire poultry inof greater value in

the good Apostles.""This is in dustry, since many of the factors of

agreement with the statement of production are determined by inRAMSHAW PRODUCTS

Ignatius, third bishop of Antioch in heritance to a large extent. Literature and Price List Free on

Syria who, though on his way, a Most of the Utah hatcheries are Request. Visitors always Welcome

prisoner, to a martyr's death does cooperating with the U. S. Departnot presume to speak authoritatively ment of Agriculture and State Board

as an Apostle; on the contrary, he of Agriculture, State College and RAMSHAWsays: "I do not order you as did Extension Service, in the operation

Peter and Paul; they were Apostles, of the National Poultry ImproveHATCHERIESI am a convict; they were free, I am ment Plan. 3687 South State

even until now a slave.""""He disThis plan sets up standards of Salt Lake City, Utah

tinguishes clearly between the offices breeding, hatching and disease con305 South 7th East of bishop and Apostle. trol designed to produce the highest Provo, Utah

The authority of the Priesthood is possible quality in baby chicks and Largest Producers of U. S. Certitraced to God: "The Apostles rebreeding stock so as to raise the fied Pullorum Tested White Legceived the Gospel for us from the income of commercial poultrymen horn Chicks In America

Lord Jesus Christ, Jesus the Christ and farmers and protect them in was sent from God. The Christ is their purchases. Participation in the

therefore from God and the Apostles plan is voluntary on the part of thefrom the Christ."'"hatcheries enlisted, but those who THIS IS A

The gift of the Holy Ghost is agree to operate under its provisions DROP enjoyed by the members of the must sign written contracts with the church: "Thus a profound and rich official state agency and the U. S.

peace was given to all, who had an Dept. of Agriculture.

insatiable desire to do good, and the This program also provides for

Holy Spirit was poured out in training and licensing the breeding abundance on you all.""flock selectors and pullorum disease

Those who preached the Gospel testers to insure uniformity and acwere assured by the testimony of the curacy of the work.

(Concluded on page 58) Utah was one of the first states to ioHt Hah! I

new beauty, give new radi- *Ctemenf's First Letter to the Corinthians, adopt this program when it was anIt vill awaken growth, ance, encourage new and guard considered nounced, 3. is today andv.

of scalp...OBhair your and

Ignatius to the Romans, iv. 3. all leaders at in poultry imone of the and Department theTAINABLEhealth Drug

Clement's First Letter to the Corinthians, provement work by the U. S. DeStores, Barber and Beavity Shops.

xlii, 1-2. ''Clement's First Letter to the Corinthians, partment of Agriculture and other ii. 2. national poultry authorities.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

first bishops were first fruits"'of THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM bishops;chosen amongthe "the

(Concluded trom page 57) qualifications for the Priesthood, and the preaching of the Apostles to take

Holy Ghost: "The ministers of the that no special training was required. care of the churches founded by

grace of God ( the prophets ) spoke Th ACH member of the church is exthem. The letter itself was written

through the Holy Spirit....'""The horted to serve in his respective because certain elders had been disApostles "went forth in the assurposition and to recognize authority: possessed at Corinth, "And this reance of the Holy Spirit, preaching "Let, therefore, our whole body be port has not only reached us, but

the good news that the Kingdom ol preserved in Christ Jesus, and let also those who dissent from us, so

God is coming.""They spoke with each be subject to his neighbor, acthat you bring blasphemy on the

divine approval, direction, and aucording to the position given him."'name of the Lord through your folly,

thority. And "You therefore, who laid the and are moreover creating danger

The Apostles were authorized to foundation of the sedition, submit to for yourselves."Evidently elders

appoint and ordain bishops and the presbyters (elders)...."presided over the church at Corinth

deacons; in choosing them they did It is sinful to oppose the Priestand, if there was a bishop there, he

not rely on their unsupported judghood, if worthy and in the performis not mentioned. What were the

ment, but sought the confirmation of ance of their duties: "For our sin duties and authority of an elder?

the Spirit of the Lord; "they apis not small, if we eject from the How did elders differ from bishops?

pointed their first converts, testing episcopate those who have blameThe letter does not say and scholars them by the Spirit, to be bishops and lessly and holily offered its sacrigive contradictory answers.

deacons of the future believers.""fices."''This same condemnation of These questions and others, unThough they called men to the the removal of some "from the minanswered by history, are answered

Priesthood after "testing them by istry which they fulfilled blamelessin the revelations given to Joseph the Spirit,"they nevertheless recogly"implies that such removal would Smith, restoring the Priesthood and nized the principle of common conbe justified if they had not "fulfilled"the organization of the Church.

sent: because "those who were apthe "ministry""blamelessly."The "assurance of the Holy

pointed by them"were appointed In reference to this chapter, BattiGhost"had ceased to be given long "with the consent of the whole fol (catholic) says: "This sedition before the time of Joseph Smith; the

(local) church.""The Priesthood is impious, detestable. 'Our sins will "testing"by the "Spirit"of those

then was founded on divine authornot be small if we drive those, who named to the ministry was no longer ity given to the Apostles, and this without reproach and holily have ofdone; faith, character, and willingauthority was exercised under the fered the gifts, from their episcopal ness to serve had yielded first place

inspiration of the Holy Spirit, but office.'These few words imply that to special training; the right of com-

"the consent of the whole church in case of a serious grievance, the mon consent and the right to reject was required."community may withdraw the episunworthy servants of the Lord by

The appointment of "their first copal office (charge) from one who those they served had also long since converts,"implies that faith, charachas been invested with it."been abolished; these had to be reter, and willingness to serve were the From Clement's First Letter to stored, and the Lord did restore them

the Church of Jesus Christ of that, in the Corinthians, it would seem to First Letter "Clement's the Corinthians, Saints. Latterday the Savior chose the though Aposviii, 1. Clement's First Letter to the Cov

inthians, xlii, 3. '"Clement's First Letter to tles, He did not personally choose Clement of Rome is little more

xlii,the Corinthians, 4. 'Clement's First Letlittle is a of than and name known First to Letter 'Clement's Corinthians, theter xliv, 3. '"Battifol, Corinthians, ta the in at the church contemporary Ivii, Rome First Letter 1. 'Clement's to the Cor-L'Eglise 153. Naissante, p.

Ivii, inthians, to First 1. 'Clement's Letter but, wrote, he a whose what name

the Corinthians, xliv, 4. '"Clement's First loss in succeeding centuries, the

'Battifol, xliv, 6. the to Corinthians,

First to Letter of Clement's L'Eglise Naissante, First reading 'Clement's p. 144. BUY TO RAM? Letter WANT A the Corinthians reveals and what xlii, 4. Letter to Corinthians, the 'Clement's conditions With suitable our HYDRAULIC

HAMS continue to be the most economical First Letter to the Corinthians, xlvii, 7. need for a restoration.

and satisfactory method for supplying vratei to country houses. Made in eight

sizes. Write for circular.

RIFE HYDRAULIC MFG. CO. 75 West Street, New York, N. Y. for tke Home

IWf OFfER.. Holidai|s

A COMPLETE SERVICE The very best way to go is ENGRAVING

From Missionary portraits to the largest by Greyhound. Frequent

catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. sendee makes it convenimodem coaches ent—Big, CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, make it comfortable Utah

Low fores make it economical. Go by Greyhound EXAMPLES OF LOW

'nojEcooos Bus—no driving worries ROUND TRIP FARES

trip. FRESNO $21. 60 TtioouanM R.L.Polk&Co,—enjoy your holiday

Directory Publishers UNION BUS DEPOT SAN FRANCISCO.. 18. 00

Established DIRECTORY Square in Utah Temple Hotel RENO tMAM 1890 1366 Wasatch - MONTEREY.... 21.17. 3080 OHEABTH

District Office

405 Dooly Block—Bolt Lake City C R E V H C> II M P

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN {Continued from page 17) twenty horsemen coming up the were mounting their trail of the night The stampede took its horses

Comb, and the increase in numbers before! The camp stampeded indown the southwest side of the

over the previous day gave them a stanter like a bunch of wild steers, island, pushing them off, pulling new chill. They had failed so far scrambling off that camp ground in them off, any way to get them down

to make one shot tell a decent story, a desperate roar of confusion. in the minimum of time, no matter

but they had lost a man, and Posey One man snatched a sack of flour if it broke their legs or their necks.

himself was wounded in spite of his and carried it in front of him on his Posey maneuvered around to watch professed immunity. It looked bad. pony, but others had all they could the enemy, and when some of them

Something in the unremitting resoludo to get their children with them began to circle the island on the tion of these Mormons reminded in the saddle, and they fled to the south side, he fired on them, arrestthem of the persistent spirit which southwest, trampling the brush and ing their progress that his whitecarried Posey and his squaw right breaking the limbs of the trees. feather people might have time to

out of their own wickiup and comThey left the bread, the meat, the escape. In this effort to save his

pelled them to sue for peace. drink, and all that pretentious craven tribesmen he was advertising

breakfast cooked, halfcooked or his own person to the fury of his

JL HAT pretentious breakburned, sitting there by the fires. enemies. What the difference?

fast was almost forgotten. Squaws They left trinkets, charms, treasures, What was there left to live for now?

cried; men grew sullen. The second goats, bedding. If the posse failed to kill him he

wife in I-toldyou-so tones declared The general watched the terrific would die under the handsized that all this their resulted had from sinking heart. drama with O the blackcloud roarwhichfromhadtheblowndistance.in with a afterrunning from her brother shameful streak away in his tribe yellow

they had promised to meet him. his people on whom he had doted!

Then someone saw twenty more He had never been able to imagine 1 HE main part of Black's men came straight up the trail, andhorsemen coming down the Comb anything so terrible—so degrading.

to the mouth of Mule Creek where The invincible spirit of old Pahsome of them stopped to refresh the first twenty had been waiting. Utedom was dead, Posey faced the themselves on the warm breakfast

The first had apparently come from fight alone. It was for him, if posso thoughtfully left for them there

Bluff, the second from Blanding, and sible, to save the last besmirched by the fire. The boom of the genthe forty headed up the creek tovestige of their honor. He would eral's big gun brought them to the

wards them. A strange atmosphere at least cover their disgraceful rerim from which they saw Posey by

of panic rested on the island, and no treat. {Continued on page 60)

one had any appetite for the part of the breakfast which had been salvaged from the fire. "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS'

Posey insisted they must fight.

Sore embittered and limping and Make I93S a Happy and Prosperous

Tvith his wounds, with a he burned feverish desire to shoot, to cut, to Ner Year!

strike deathblows right and left. You can do it by preparing yourself for business employment!

His appeal met feeble and doubtful response. Even his own son demurred, and Teegre stood irresolute.

terrible all the time thoseAnd forty HrBpS ]|[vBH '-md.:\A- II

straight came upmen Mule Creek 1HIMwmm towards them. *'-.vSKfS. ** *

It is beyond belief: Forty men * 'h |P----d

stringing along under that rock where the last dodging one could have been mowed down like a rat lap ''''.::v:'%

in a trap. And behind the impregnable defense above them as many w;'

of their enemies armed to the teeth 'fire to heart a shot. noand The HHK HH in fights big the ofday was no more.

- * * '—-.-1 MWM\\mMsfmmmm—theirHatch, Mike, Sanop, and

fellowterrors lay moulding lowly L. D. S. COLLEGE

amongfled—Pokethe rocks.knew it—PoseyTheir day waswas StenotypY We offerBusinessprofessionalEnglishtraining Machinein Calculation

50on to find it out. Gregg Shorthand Typewriting Salesmanship

The fighting PahUtes on that Penmanship Commercial Law Walton Accounting many other subjects.island stood in a trance—in a spell.—andNo heart to fight—no impetus to fly. Information will be gladly furnished on request.

And all the time those forty menrode steadily forward with grim and L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

xesolute purpose. 70 North Main Street Wasatch 1812 Salt Lake City, Utah

A squaw shrieked: The Mormons

These Advertisers Help Support Your Magazine 59

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 59) his black mare on a shelf below ledge, behind and between the rocks, tracted the posses, and quick panic them. among the limbs of the trees. They seized on all those still remaining

He was under their guns; he failed to find one trace or sign. So on top. Wild to escape capture,

knew it at once. His quick old eye, far as they could tell the old man they burned their hands and peeled

and his evenmore quick instincts, had resolved himself into thin air their joints at a bloody rate in getcaught their silhouettes above him and blown away. He had outwitted ting to the bottom in the shortest

the instant they appeared, and he forty eager men. possible time. Anson Posey stepknew their artillery would spit out His people, when they got down ped out of one of his new shoes

death, immunity or not. Parting from the butte, expected of course to and ventured no delay to recover it.

from the beloved black mare he dishave the posse treading on their When the last one of them alightappeared like a chipmunk among heels, and they racked their brains ed with a palpitating sigh of relief the rocks. for some kind of offering to proat the bottom, behold that sack of

They saw him limp away; he was pitiate that posse. They left the six flour, their only morsel of food, retoo quick for a shot, but they marked horses they had stolen from the mained still on top of the cliff.

the direction and the place of his RuinSpring field, and they tied a On the steep, broken hillside at disappearance. They descended white rag to a high dry limb of a the base of the high rock they groped

thatplace—hishill in captureleaps andwasboundsas goodto theas cedardesire asto asurrender.token of Theytheir humblelonged theirness—anywhereway down tothroughget away—anythe darkaccomplished. They found the mare to plead for mercy if only they place to hide from Black's untiring

just as he left her, the skinem-all dared to face the invincible men of men.

black mare with her saddle still Black's company. Finding a hole in the hillside they

warm from his body, and he was When the posse united in their plunged into it as so many rats huntnever to see her again. hunt for the general, his people, ing for cover, but after feehng their

They hunted that hillside in every surprised and delighted that no one way into the dark, unknown undersection of its extent for Posey. crowded them from behind, went on ground for thirty feet, the leaders

They called every member of the in spite of their peace offering and emerged beyond a great boulder, posse to the job and combed the their white flag to get as far away as That hole would afford no adequate whole region a long way in every this brief respite would permit. With shelter—they all crawled through it,

direction, making the most careful a new spark of hope, they resolved but they had to go on.

scrutiny of every scar on the surface. they must escape; they could not No one slept a wink. No one

They peered over and under every endure the shame and the hazard of rested, no one stopped. Reaching

being captured. the bottom of the canyon, they

They panted forward while the started down along the dry creekdaylight lasted, and then they dragbed only to change their minds and ged themselves on and on into the climb the west side to a rough shelf night, urging their starved and at the base of the cliff. Then they

weary ponies till they stopped on followed that narrow footing back the brow of a high, vertical cliff. up the canyon. NEPHI Deadtired from toil and exposure

the daylight came in step SuperAcoustic thecryingpreviousfor foodnight,and theirrest, theychildrendeleaders orderedWheneach one to termined in spite of everything to the tracks of the one just ahead of descend to the wild regions in the him. The whole wretched company

darkness below. toiled over awful rocks and through PLASTER They would slide down on ropes tangles of serviceberry leaving but

Used throughout the Univerover the precarious wall, and no one one track behind, sity Library Building and would dare to follow them. They As bright morning beamed down

Many of the Church's finest would hide among the brush and at them over the cliff from which structures in Utah and rocks; in the caves of the deep canthey had descended in the darkness,

California yon they would be hard to find like they saw outlined against the sky fine beads in the sand. on top the clearcut silhouette of

A beautiful, durable, soundThey had to leave their horses their terrible pursuers looking off inabsorbing wall finish and even their dogs. No diflference, to the depths towards them. They

they made torches of cedar bark to stopped stark still like young chickManufactured by a Utah Corlight the perilous wall lest they ens hiding. Those evil eyes on the

poration of 45years standing plunge headlong to death, and they rim must not discover them. They

began slipping down the ropes along lacked little of choking their babies the cold, hard surface. Chilled with to keep them quiet.

visions of what would happen if they Their enemies had found the fell, they gripped the rope till it horses, the dogs, and even that preNEPHI PLASTER & burned their hands raw, and they cious sack of flour, for the nourishMANUFACTURING CO. scrubbed the skin from their knuckment of which the PahUtes felt

401 Dooly Block, les on the merciless sandstone. right now their limbs growing weak In the middle of the process their and shaky.

Salt Lake City, Utah overwrought imagination told them While every pair of black eyes the light of their torches had atamong the brush there on the hill60 'The Improvement Era"Selects its Advertisers for Reliability.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1938

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN side looked with awe and dread at Staggering in on its sandy floor to go down and offer their surrender.

those forms on the lofty rim, one they sank exhausted, discouraged. "They'll kill us on sight!"they

fellow came forward with that sack Some of the squaws declared they pleaded.

of flour in his arms and emptied it in would make no effort to go any farWould they shoot a child? No,

a great white cloud down the dizzyther. Then they listened again a child could safely go down with

rock. What could that mean? disturbing sounds came on the a flag of submission. They fastenedSomething unrelenting—compulsion breeze from the opposite rim. They a white rag on a stick and gave it—starvation! Their precious flour began to build a rude stone wall to a twelveyear-old boy. "Tell

scattered to the wind before their across the mouth of the cave, but them there is no one here but women eyes! when it was three feet high they and children, and that they will give

Chilled with new alarm they sank sank wearily on the sand to rest up if they won't be sent to prison,"slowly to the ground, toiling forward and no one ever proposed that they Teegre ordered. The boy trembled

on. before, they sufferedas go only now to from knees"head smote foot—his out ofthe of keeping added torment sundown they heard startling At hill but together descended he the

sight. Mile after mile they crawled commotion immediately below their waving the white emblem.

forward, their hands at their babies'hangout. The squaws and the chilAt the bottom he saw the terrible

lest utter betrayathroats the babies dren wept. peered They down of the posse, of and men some them

their cry. trees foring turned the they they might among what When their held guns from time the on him

irsee, to able breathless to be sat the the but hush withears wind men in sight. he came should they How resolute, of clinging the unrelentto the echoesthey caught guns which to expect from what a white know

ing hunters behind them. Hunger they had no spirit to use. flag offered by Posey's people?

gnawed at their vitals and sapped "O, let's surrender,"pleaded the little fellow staggered fortheir strength. squaws and the papooses in desperThe

Late in the afternoon they saw a ation. ward, his limbs, his facial muscles

place to cross the canyon on smooth "You surrender,"ordered Teehalf palsied with fright.

rock where no track would be left gre, bitterly, "We can't surrender.""Impo ashantel"one of the men

to betray them, and making sure Fear had frozen the very springs demanded.

that no one was in sight or hearing of their impulses. No enemy had "The squaws and papooses want

they crossed to the east side. Near ever followed them like this before, to give up if you won't send them

the top of that east wall, hidden and never before had they been to prison,"the boy faltered.

well by trees and brush, they found powerless to kill or to frighten their "We promise nothing,"the same a big cave with a seep of water in adversaries. man growled in PahUte. "If you

the back of it. The squaws couldn't find courage {Continued on page 63)

START

FOR WINTER ENJOYMENT

WINTER 6AS0UNE MOTOR/ICOOIL STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO >rp0ff,

THEIMPROVEMENTER A, JANUARY, 1938

Solution to December Puzzle Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—A Prophet Appears (Isaiah 11:1-2)

ACROSS

1 "shall stand... an ensign"36 "the angel of the Lord appeared

being for salvation of interpreted is, God 38 "horn... in the *end a 4 "it"whichshall not return... me void"... him in a dream"

.."with. his servant of house David"

10 "The people that walked in dark39 "Therefore the Lord himself shall

."11 shall call his "and name..."a.. 40 "and bear JrHenaL)/ ness have seen... great light"give you... sign"..."filthy "are as 13 millet; 42 Indian raid (anag.)

15 "..., Judah's firstborn"43 Ridiculous

16 "Of the increase of his government 45 He sealed the covenant with and peace there shall... no Nehemiah Oreeting end"46 Installment paid; pi pied

17 Revives 48 Member of African Negroid trbe

To your missionary 2119 TitleFirst birdless respectfulto leave thethanarkRabbi 4950 RiverOrgan (Dial.at the Eng.)rear of the mouth

... shall bring forth a abroad. 2322 "aEsaulittleshowed... thisshallpassionlead them"52 "Andson"

... born"53 "the kingdom of heaven... at

this It is not too late to make 2425 "Where"For unto...you heis that... day"hand"

it is. your selection of NEW 2627 MeasureMusical composition 54 "Untomysteriesyou of the.. kingdomto know theof

28 "Flower in the... wall"(TenGod"YEAR'S GREETING

nyson ) 55 Alleged CARDS for that friend or 31 Recording Secretary force relative who is laboring in 3233 WorthlessYes (G.) end of anything Our23,Text24, 25,from36,Isaiah38, 39,is 1,40,4,53,8, and10,

a strange land amid 34 Makes mistakes 54 combined strange peoples. DOWN

1 "a king of... countenance"28 Part of North America

2 Mohammedan lord in India 29 Smears with oil

Write or come in today. 3 Royal Marines 30 Drag in the mud

4 Everlasting 32 "Now when Jesus was born in 5 Greek letter Bethlehem of..."

6 Frightens 35 "until ye be... with power from

."37 Three, used as a prefix'Deseret 78 European"And Hurshrub;begat also.. tree (anag.) on high"

9 "a..., which is Christ (he 38 "As free, and not... your libLord"erty for a cloke"

10 "the the of prophets words declare Exposes to 40 solar rays Press the to king good with one Right, a combining formNews 12 keeper of sheep"..."41 a was "And 44 Continent 29 Richards

fishes. of Genus Street 14..marine letter 47 Greek

Salt Lake City, Utah 18 Weight 51 This chapter of both Matthew and 20 Contender Luke tells of Christ's temptation 25 Bachelor of Divinity 62 Support the Advertisers Who Support Your Magazine

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, jANUARY, 1938

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN {Continued from page 61) don't come down we'll climb the hill they were strangely unable to make "Now, where's Posey?"Black deand get every one of you."any use. manded, "Yes, you do know where

Pale and with short, catchy One man, after he had come and he is, and you better tell."

breath, the boy climbed back to the surrendered, decided to dodge back "No savvy,"they repeated, shakhangout. They listened in a hush among the shadows, and without a ing their heads, but they had a questo all he said: The men held their moment's hesitation Lee Newman tion, a question to which they atwild tached much importance: "Howguns on him—they were tooitch tofired at him. The shot went

buck (very angry), and they were and the fellow got away, but it gave many Mormons got killed?"they

going to come right up the others a chilly acquaintance with asked eagerly.

What could the fugitives do? the sternness of the hands into which At first they refused to believe

Faint and famished and worn to a they had fallen, and no other one of that with all the shooting not one frazzle, if they couldn't fight, they them ventured to make a crooked white man had been hurt in the must choose between death by starmove. fight. Then they talked earnestly

vation or trust themselves to the "Now look here,"said Dave among themselves and wound up mercy of their enemies. The men Black to Anson Posey next mornwith another question: "You,

there in the cave might endure huning, "we know the other men are up where's Posey?"

ger indefinitely if by so doing they there, and you are to lead us to The fact of the matter was they could avoid capture, but the women them. We'll follow behind with our were even more eager than Black to

and children had already reached guns, and if they fire on us, we will know what had become of the man their limit. every one of us shoot you right in who had caused them all this trouble.

"Go again,"Teegre ordered, the back."The posse took the renegades

"they won't hurt you, tell them the Anson started up the hill with like a herd of sheep down the canmen are all gone."six big guns all but punching him in yon, and with no further need of

When the boy whimpered with the spine, and he called loudly in choking or otherwise forcing the fear, his mother took the flag and his barbarous dialect to his friends little folks to be quiet, the babieswent with him, "There are no men at the hangout above, telling them cried—the squaws cried, and the

with us,"she declared as soon as to be mighty careful how they acted men of the posse took the smaller she saw their stern faces, "only or he would be blown to ribbons. children with them on their saddles.

squaws and papooses. We'll come He told them to hide their guns and From Karnell's ranch they sent for

down if you won't send us to come down some other way to the trucks to come and haul the prisprison."camp. oners to the roundup in Blanding.

"You're a gang of infernal liars,"Finding the hangout empty, Black ( To be concluded) growled the interpreter, "the men and his men returned with their one prisoner to camp where Teegre andare there—we know it. Your peopie started the fight and we're going his fellowfighters had arrived to

to follow you up and get every last surrender themselves with half a one. dozen guns of twentytwo calibre,

declaring that was all the guns they 1 HE PROSPECT looked had ever had with them.

gloomy when she reported to the "Where are your big guns?"Dave

hangout. Maybe one of the men Black demanded.

talk save a bettercould and put up just out hunting been had O, they the others. went same squaw The bits had no need and had of any liveSave in!up toAll3cleadingper chick,breedsno matterof chicks,whatalsostatesexedyou

possible at hybrids, made andagain, with PRICES Posey her, and LOWEST Anson just guns. the small but had They SOLD CHICKS ARE COLONIAL MOREhe, the before trembling nervous and more? pay KIND! Why OTHER becauseTHAN ANY to find the the squaws happened and

raising for this guide today! Send chick BIG, FREE insistedposse, there on nobody was full facts. Tells pictures in of cave. and Chock there the papooses They

Colonial's championships! record breed and newthe hill above but squaws and chillooked as innocent as angels and about flock average! report eggs Customers to 270 up been out swore he haddren. He their told story as if they expected Box 931COLONIAL POULTRY Florence,FARMS Colo.hunting had just happened and to it to pass.

find them there. The women wantBlack went with three men to the

ed to surrender if they wouldn't hangout and examined the networkhave to go to the calaboose. of tracks, and he found where they BE INDEPENDENT

"You're all liars!"hissed the had buried an armfull of big guns No Other Vocation So Profitable

interpreter in disgust. between two rocks. Going back ENROLL NOW

They held Anson prisoner and down with all this heavy artillery, For a Complete Course at the told the squaw to bring the others. he got just one quick glance from

Night had come on, and most of Teegre and his fellowliars before Quish School of Beauty Culture

Black's men stood around a big fire, they riveted their eyes on the ground The Best in the West while others of their numbers took at their feet. 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

their horses down to Karnell's ranch "No guns, hey?"Black chuckled, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Information butfor the night. nothing the whatFor Further had PahUtes and The squaws

Call Catalog and to say. ever thepapooses one of them raised came stringing Not down or 7560 Wasatch

hill, but only three of the men came. his eyes. They were whipped Fill in This

The others waited in shame and fear whipped to a frazzle on their own Coupon and uncertainty at the hangout, ground for the very first time in all clinging still to the guns of which their history.

When You Purchase Goods or Services Advertised Here Kindly Mention "The Improve ment Era."

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY THE SECRET OF CHRISTMAS TIES

COMRADERY—which the Gleaners are having so much occasion MAN looking at some neckties tossed one or two aside to use this year, should be pronounced in the following A rather contemptuously. Lingering, after having made his

manner: com, the o as in from; rad, the a as in cat; er, as in purchase, he noticed that the clerk put those he had so posimaker: y as the i in it. The accent is on the first syllable, com. tively rejected in a separate box.

One other spelling of the word is permissible: camaraderie. If "What becomes of them?"he inquired.

this word is used, the pronunciation is: ka, a as in arm; ma, a as "We sell them to the women who come in here to buy ties

in soft, ra, a as in arm; de, e as in maker; re, e as in eve. The for men,"was the reply. Lindsay Post.

accentOften—ofalls onas intheso[t;thirdt, silent;syllable,andra.e as in silent—pronounced IRREVOCABLE ALIBI

it spelled were offen. if reinstated are student absences only caused may be

f is silent. THE the this in often, as the word word as Chasten—inthough illness or the long continued death Catalogue by From possible. as the in ate. omitted as much c is and a is as The certain University. a American of

STATES CENTRAL MISSION WELL GROUNDED FEARS 1440 St. James Court

Louisville, Ky. HORACE Greeley once said he didn't believe in ghosts, but

Nov. 9. 1937. was afraid of them. Many fathers are that way about

THEeagerlymissionariesto eachherenumberin the Eastof TheCentralImprovementStates look Era.forwardIt Santa Claus. Louisville Times.

carries inspiration and instruction that are beneficial in their THE ABUNDANT LIFE work here in the mission field. We are doing all we can to

get the scattered members of our Church to subscribe for the

Era, and thus bring them in touch with the heart of the Church.

Your brother, (Signed) Wm. T. Tew, Jr.,

Mission President.

DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION 50 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah THIS is to congratulate you upon the fine appearance of the

Era for December. The cover picture is beautiful and

last night I read a large part of the contents and found them very helpful. *****

Wishing you continued success. SOMEstaffweeksartist, agoFieldingwe presentedK. ("Smat")an articleSmith.by Havingthis titlenoto ideaour

Sincerely your brother, ourselves as to what might constitute an appropriate illustra- (Signed) Geo. D Pyper. tion, we told "Smat"to use his own judgment—and right there

NATIONAL CONGRESS OF PARENTS AND waswith wherelittle weor nomadedelayour bigthe mistake,illustrationfor backreproducedto us thereherewith,came TEACHERS Street, Northwest obviously labeled "The Abundant Life."1201 Sixteenth

Washington, D. C, Twin Falls, Idaho OF COURSE, IT ISN'T LIKE CASH!

Nov. 4, 1937. WELLKNOWN attorney was always lecturing his office

it or not. he chanced for boy, the he needed whether of day Improvement copy One Era which you A THANK

following conversation the the and the to hear boy between It interesting issue today. and I is a most reached me

am glad to have been included as a contributor to this parone employed next door:

ticular issue. "How much does your chief pay you?"asked the latter.

"Forty Years of Change"and "Forty Years of Service""I get $1,500 a year. Five dollars a week in cash and the

are valuable articles for even the most casual reader and I rest in legal advice!"Selected.

have read with pleasure and profit, the entire magazine.

Wishing you every success for another forty years. AMONG HIS SOUVENIRS

yours, Sincerely Anna H. Hayes. COMFORTINGhappy again."Friend: "You Will soon forget her and be

Jilted I've Suitor: no, I shan't! bought "Oh, too many Evanston, Wyo. installment plan!"for Answers. her on the London 4, 1937. things November

THEtheNovemberold readers.numberSeveralof thesayEratheyhashavelettershad everyfrom manycopy ofof LITTLE boy PRIVATEwas saying CONVERSATIONhis goto-bed prayers in a very low

the Era. voice.

first the MormonI have lawyer,read everyfirst copyMormonas wellDistrictas haveAttorney,it. Beingand A I can't hear you, dear,"his mother whispered.

the first Mormon Judge in Arizona, I often showed the mag- "Wasn't talking to you,"said the small one firmly. Brown

azine to my nonMormon associates and there never has been lug.

I to that wasn't over look them proud have a number or - ihe that forty read. years outhas run been have Era The

standing. historic to over (having looked TOURIST castle—speaking sincerely, Very butler) I tipped his mistake. a stupid "We've made George instead: H. Crosby, Jr. lordship of you."

EARNEST STUDENT Butler: "That's awkward. I'll never get it now."—Wall Street Journal.

Tommy: "Grandma, if I was invited out to dinner, should I

fork?"eat pie "with a SMALL PSYCHOLOGY TOWN

indeed. "Yes, Tommy."Grandma: see married the street couple a coming you down

a pie that I could haven't got in the house "You Tommy: is three or WHENthe steps that's one ahead is the one two who you, practise on, have Grandma?"Boy. American Enterprise. Macksville {Kan.) mad.

RADIO SCREEN

Nationa Honor Comes to NKU 'lUltK (US

If IfifiliuHII fi If rllil/u KSL uIIU

Coveted by every radio station, Special Gtations, Survey Sappkittfll, ({[COGHITION IH Showmanship's Meani ad RelatHMi of the annual showmanship one Ma Under 12 Different Categories 5p[(;|j|[ g[j(][|p5 To the Problems of Statwn Operation this year to KSL. comes awards

Variety is the national weekly of tsrnJii S*r*'tif)i the stage, screen and radio...

a magazine that sits in judgment on the efforts of every "show"medium, and rewards outstanding efforts each year.

Each year, KSL has dominated its territory. Consistently, the

"Voice of the West"has improved the appeal of its radio hours to the millions of listeners included in the Western area to which KSL is the "home"station.

This year. Variety votes KSL

one of the nation's 14 outstanding stations in showmanship.

Herewith reproduced is a facsimile of the bronze award placque in which KSL is distinguished for showmanship as a "Prestige Subsidiary Station."

In making the award Variety writes:

"Prestige subsidiary category is an attempt to provide room for recognition of stations that are 'voices'in greater or less degree.

KSL, Salt Lake City... possesses

definite personality and character beyond that of the runof-themill commercial stations."

KSL extends to its listeners promise for conoutlet in entertainment, in education, in pubtinued growth in 1938. KSL makes a constant lic service. To this service, KSL devotes its

and determined effort to give its listeners what facilities and its personnel in continued exthey want to hear... to serve them as their pression of "The Voice of the West."

AFFILIATED

WITH THE VOICE 50,0 00 OF THE WEST WATTS KSL.'TSIk.

PcdilifmijCL jcdbudsL io idJwm.

HE Beneficial salutes Southern California! Land of picAGENTS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

turesque Spanish missions, citrus fruits, motion pictures, ROY UTLEY, General AgentandJ unsurpassed recreation facilities. Southern California is Los Angeles Office, 416 W. 6th Street

one of the country's most fortunate sections. It ranks high in Emery E. Watts Guy C. Wilson

agriculture, manufacturing, and shipping; and its metropolis. Lawrence Madsen Barry Knudsen

Los Angeles, is fourth in population among the nation's cities. Malcolm Imbrie Otto R. Poertner

J. Roberts SparrowThe Beneficial is proud of the progress made and the service HyrumParley T.RicksWright M.John

rendered by its agents in Southern California. From DecemFrank Struhs Jesse Mortenson

ber thirtyfirst to January fifth these men will be host to 150 Ora Mae Merritt John Rooks

Beneficial officials and agents, who will assemble from nine John Macbeth Paul Perriguey

J. Christiansenwestern states for the company's annual convention, to be A. B. Farnsworth Hyrum

held this year in Los Angeles. E. J. Sorensen, 406 Broadway, Santa Monica

This is one of a series of advertisements in compliment to sections of the west served by Beneficial agents.

The picture—a view of Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles, one of the world's busiest thoroughfares.

mm Home Office—Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City. UTAH

heber j. grant. president