j The Improvement Era Novembi

In this issue: iyw

"The Apostles of Jesus Christ"

Article by Pres. David O. McKay

Full color reproductions of great paintings.

FOR

THE MERMAID

T.ATM,AM-..1AJJul JLi

v

COPR. 1959 r VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY

it comes to tuna... itpays to buy the best When

Tuna costs so little in comparison to TUNA CURRY CASSEROLE other foods, it makes sense to serve the 2 6V2OZ. cans Vi cup chopped onion

finestthe prime fillet tunaWhite Star White Star Brand Tuna Vi cup chopped green pepper brand. No other brand is pressurebaked 11 IOV2OZ.cup milkcan mushroom soup V2 curryto 1 teaspoonpowder

in the special way that keeps White Star 2 cups cooked elbow macaroni Vi teaspoon oregano so moist, tender and delicate in flavor. Combine ingredients in 2-qt. casserole. Bake in moderate oven

You only get a bargain when you buy (350 F.) 30 to 35 minutes. Garnish as shown. Serves 6.

the best - White Star brand - the tuna with the mermaid on the label. ConvenientNow in theNew Thoseuse ourwhosolidpreferlightFancytuna. Pack,

Family Size, Too!

Mute Star Tuna.

IS

iSESSatSSSji AW sit <li. "r:E:E;::: V:::;.:;; -"::-V'r ": r--'"'

. ':;';''""':,-:,.:--'': -- ''--'. '.:.::..."\\;.

.. '::..'.....::.:.".111

xxmm m&m-i m& r,\::.::r.

WS:mmoww;:'Ca. str

:;msmmB fh%\ m fWSISiM:WKmr

Wmmm

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

f but PurityMammary Cancer It isn't easy cancer has In rats, mammary been does it by the bagful.. of largeprevented by administration

amounts of the hormone equine gonadotrophs. At the University

of Chicago the cancer was produced in 22 to 60 days by giving certain chemicals by mouth which permitted the study of the conditions involved in the formation of breast cancer.

Sharks

Lemon sharks as other fishes have been taught to go to the place where they are usually fed. At the Cape

Haze Marine Laboratory, Placida,

Florida, sharks were trained to push on a target which rang a submerged bell to get food, first near the target, later at remote locations. The

sharks retained this learning even after 10 weeks of no use.

"Big Bertha >5 The famous German "Big Bertha"cannon which shelled Paris from Cookies that remind you of longago visits to long distances in World War I had so much erosion of the barrel when Grandma's kitchen!

fired that in 65 shots the diameter PECAN SANDIES—light golden cookies with a

increased from 8.2 inches to 9.2

inches. tempting sandy texture that melt deliciously

in your mouth. Nubby with chopped pecans.

Punctuation Marks Punctuation marks were not added And that flavor! Buttery rich,

to writing until the Middle Ages. sugary and pecanish—practically irresistible!

The question mark was derived from the first and last letters of the Latin word quaestio, placed one above the other. The exclamation mark came

from the Latin io, an expression ofsurprise or joy, with the two letters PECAN SANDIBS written one above the other. "PURITY

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

NOVEMBER 1959 785

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

; r..

Contents for November 1959 Volume 62, Number 11

Church Features

The Editor's Page: What Think Ye of Christ? President David O. McKay. 806

Your Question: Are the Dead Called Home? President Joseph Fielding Smith 808

Special Color Insert: The Apostles of Jesus Christ

Text by President David O. McKay...824 to 841 OfficialQuorums,organMutualof theImprovementPriesthood

of Education, Department The Comparative Method—Conclusion, Hugh Nibley 848 Associations,Committee, Ward Teachers, Music

of the and other agencies The Church Moves On, 798; Melchizedek Priesthood, Go Ye into All the World, 812; PresidChurchLatter-dayof Saints.Jestis Christ of

ing Bishopric's Page, 818.

Special Features

New Apostle: Howard W. Hunter, of the Council of the Twelve 792

Leadership Development: The.'House With the Golden Windows,

Sterling W. Sill 809

Poetry Pays Dividends, Too, Marel Brown 817

Modesty, the Hallmark of a Lady, Hugh B. Broion 820

Leadership Training in the Classroom, James B. Allen 822

His Beloved Island, C. Frank Steele 842 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans..846, 870, 874 ThreeexceptLions:827,Cover,835, 838827834,

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 785, Letters and Reports, 791; These Times: Era 808,Staff:812813,Art, 785,814,794,822823,806807,

880 860, 848, and Tweedledum photographs: 806, Era Tweedledee, G. Homer Durham, 794; Here Is the Place, Robert I. Burton, Improvement842,

876. 850; Bookrack, 820

Dale Kilbourn, art, 809, 810 A. F. Apgar, Jr., art; 814815

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock TransparencyLithographingcourtesyCo., Wheelwright827

H. Armstrong Roberts: 860

Count Your Blessings 860 On Being a Lady—"Every Little Thing'864

The Last Word 880

Stories, Poetry Kayaks Down the Nile—II, John M. Goddard 814

Poetry: 811, 844, 846, 858, 863, 866, 870, 874, 879

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Richard and David O. McKay J. ReynoldsMoffitt, Editor; Production L. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., Editors;Research DoyleEditor;L.JohnCreen,G. Kinneab,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C -FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalph Albert

and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nirley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Vepjl F Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director;

Thayer Evans, Regional Advertising Representative.

COVER: THE All Saints. rights of Christ of Latterday of the Associations Jesus Church Inc., the Improvement by and 1959 Mutual published Funds, Copyright by Mutual

issues. for special except single year, copy, in advance, 25c a $3.00 subscriptions, in foreign reserved. Subscription price, a advance; year, $2.50 Transfiguration"by "The

Act in of for 1103. section postage at special rate provided mailing for at Salt as secondclass Office, Citv, (he matter. Acceptance Post Entered Utah Lake Carl Heinrich Bloch

1917, of authorized 1918. October 2/ July original (18341890). The

ltec of at the rate acceptance for are paid Manuscripts contributions. on is for unsolicited responsible manuscripts Improvement welcomes not but Era The

; Castle Fredriksborg in hangs

for sufficient return. delivery postage be hy must a and and accompanied word

Hillerod, Denmark. magazine. Address of issue recent the a slip from is for address include of notice address. days'a please change, Thirty required change When

is included. as well the old the changes address cannot as be unless one newordering made

full color in lithographed Cover

This special issue of The Improvement Era 50 cents a single copy. by Deseret News Press.

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA here's an appropriate book for every person of every age on your gift list

CHRIST IN ANCIENT AMERICA

Milton R. Hunter

Volume II of "Archaeology and the Book of Mormon"that centers on Quetzalcoatl, the "White

Bearded God"of Indian legend whose origin parallels Book of Mormon account of Christ's visit to the Western Hemisphere. Beautifully illustrated.

I SAW ANOTHER ANGEL FLY

Carter E. Grant

A new and colorful history of the LDS Church, written for young people in easyto-read vocabulary. Highlights important events and

gives clear insights into Gospel truths.

3.50

Co. DesetetHSBooh

-..-'*:. 44 East South Temple - Sail Lake City. Utah

*vv*ry*3Wy?y<!ft9n if**rr >

NOVEMBER 1959 K TOPICS Jennie Brown Rawlins 3.75 7.

tstanding collection of riginal stories, anecdotes, and COMMENTARY ON THE lustrations to spark up talks, BOOK OF MORMON essons, and family night disVol. IV

cussions. Subjects alphabetiGeorge Reynolds and

cally arranged. Janne M. Sjodahl

1.75 An excellent commentary on

Chapters 27 through 44 in The Book of Alma that will stimulate you with renewed enTHE DEAD SEA SCROLLS AND thusiasm for scriptural reading.

ORIGINAL CHRISTIANITY Dr. O. Preston Robinson 5.00

LDS viewpoint of the Dead Sea a) Vol. I Small Plates of Nephi

Scrolls and their significance $5.00

to the Restored Gospel, written b) Vol. II Words of Mormon &

by general manager of the Book of Mosiah

Deseret News who twice visit- $4.00

ed the Dead Sea area. c) Vol. Ill Book of Alma, Chaps.

2.00 1-26 $5.00

TRUTHS WE LIVE BY FAMILY NIGHT FUN

Articles on THE TEN COMMonroe and Shirley Paxman

MANDMENTS and the BEATIHere's a book that provides

TUDES, writren>by the General many planned activities to

Authorities of the Church of enliven family nights and

Jesus Christ of Latterday parties, ties closer cement and

Saints. build attitudes wholesome

1.50 young lives. in

RELIGION AND THE PURSUIT ANSWERS TO GOSPEL QUESTIONS

OF TRUTH Joseph Fielding Smith

Questions Lowell most frequently asked L. Bennion by 4.

ft '. Pr. Bennion offers great assurance to LDS church the beliefs, on members

young college students who are conpractices, and interpretations of fused by modern scientific views and scriptures are given concrete and points out how all truths fully underconcise answers in these volumes, 7.

stood are compatible. (a) Volume 1 (b) Volume II 2.50 each

2.75

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA M0n

isiisi

t HOW BOOK FAMILY ACTIVITIES 10.

AUMiMmim

11. POCKET TRIPLE COMBINATION

POCKET MISSIONARY BIBLE Companion pocketsize volume to

Portable 3Va x SVa size in handsome, Missionary Bible, with Book of durable black morocco leather binding. Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants,

and Pearl of Great Price.

9. 8.50 6.00

NOVEMBER 1959 789.

Mail Order

m Coupon Richard L Evan, 13. 14.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Available about November 9th,

Salt Lake City, Utah [ *f Advance orders may be placed now.

will find Enclosed Gentlemen: check you

an Please account. charge. FROM WITHIN THESE WALLS I have money order

Richard L. Evans

Amount enclosed $ for encircled (numbered) books: The blend of uncommon commonsense

and exalted thought that characterizes "The Spoken Word"is once more prein this of notable sented volume a new 1. in Christ 3.95 Ancient America

reflecseries. of For personal moments

the Archaeology and Book 1-A to tion, antidote the pressure as and an 3.50 of Mormon life, is this of of problems modern much

1 Fly 3.50 2. Angel Another Saw Its helpful readvolume. unique a and

3. Topics Talk 1.75 MmT X"will enrich the challenge ing and mind

Scrolls 4. Sea The and Dead spirit of the every and woman. man

Christianity Original 2.00

5. Truths We Live By 1.50 3.00

the 3.75 6. Lord The Candle of OTHER BOOKS BY RICHARD L. EVANS

the 7. on Book Commentary

the Hills Unto 2.50 Vol. IV 5.00 J*.r& h <, 15. of Mormon

a) Vol. 1 5.00 13. 16. This Day and Always 2.50

II b) 4.00 Vol. 17. the Spoken 2.50 And Word HE THAT LIVETH

Ill c) Vol. 5.00 18. This At Hour Same 2.50 Doyle L. Green

8. Fun Night 2.95 Family

19. for Tonic Times Our 2.50 Beautifully written on the book

9. Religion Pursuit of Truth.2.75 and the

10. Answers to Gospel Questions life and mission of Jesus for 20. The Everlasting Things 3.00

a) Vol. 1 2.50 teens and young adults. Full21. From the Crossroads 2.75

b) Vol II 2.50 color, fullpage reproductions,

11. Pocket Missionary Bible 8.50 ten in all, by Master Danish

12. Pocket Triple Combination 6.00 Painter Carl Bloch.

13. He That Liveth 3.25 3.25

14. From Within These Walls 3.00

15. Unto the Hills 2.50

16. This Day and Always 2.50

17. And the Spoken Word 2.50

Hour 18. 2.50 At This Same

For 19. Tonic Times Our 2.50 Do your Christmas shopping the easy

Everlasting 20. Things 3.00 The chair. your easy from way—Use the %

21. the Crossroads 2.75 From

at left. order coupon handy mail

Name mtlTTrni <c Address in City Zone State. -in

include of Utah sales tax. 2'/i% Residents

Postncje on nil books. paid DGSGrGtiMBooh Co.

w 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah, - j

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

l/l/ordhipfui

Letters and Reports that adds to

the Z/Wstt&Pefflte

daughters Three of Brother and Sister of your Saunders, J. Edgar Moreland Second Ward,

Blackfoot ( Idaho ) Stake are ( left to right Carina, Anita, and Valene. Carma is a religious service

Laurel who has earned an individual award for five years; Anita is a Mia Maid and

two year individual award winner; and

Valene is a seven year award winner who is now a student at Brigham Young University.

The Junior Gleaner Class, North Hollywood Second Ward, Burbank (California)

Stake is the first to participate in the sheaf binding ceremony since the stake was organized in September 1956.

All the girls have been Honor Bees and Playing dimensions and console arrangeFirst and Second Year Mia Joys. They ments conform rigidly to the specifications

are all now qualified Silver Gleaners. of the American Guild of Organists.

(Back row, left to right) Laurel Cook,

Judy Yakovich, Maria Harvey, Ann Greslie, A Wurlitzer Church Organ offers and (Front Rawson. Dawn row) Helen rich, worshipful reverent and tone—a stake Howard, leader; Greslie, Louise ward contribution to moving the Church president; and Lola class McCrossen,

leader. Service.

It places at the command of any organist an infinite range of traditional organ voices. Transmitted by

First Class (left Scouts to right) DougWurlitzer's High Fidelity SysSound las Limburg, Lane Summerhays, Gregg and tem, the result is glorious organ Nelson receive special instructions map from their Scoutmaster Vernon Christenmusic... truly Music's Richest Voice.

sen ( second from left ) prior to their Silver

Knapsack trek into the Uintah wilderness area. These three Scouts from Troop WurliTzer Organs

357, Orchard Second Ward, South Davis (Utah) Stake were the first to win the FREE

Silver Knapsack award.

To earn this special award, the three Church Organ their Scouts and leader hiked a from new Fund Raising Kit the east fork camp on of the River Bear (forty miles southeast of Evanston, Wyoming) to the river's headwaters; a trip

Wurlitzer Company covering a period of three days and two The

IE1159, Dept. DeKalb, 111. into taking nights and Uintah the them

wilderness area and the Red Knob and j Please send me information about the

X YardDavidPeaksBaumgartnerareas. was the trek guide Fund Raising Kit and Wurlitzer Organs.

and Max Andersen the camp director. I NAME

I ADDRESS I | CITY... ZONE... STATE.

NOVEMBER 1959 791 Howard William Hunter

Member of the Council of the Twelve

With a ringing testimony and the Boise High School in 1926. He then

statement, "I love this Church,"enrolled at the University of WashElder Howard William Hunter, most ington.

recent member of the Council of the Elder Hunter went to southern

Twelve, accepted his call to the California in 1927 where he obtained apostleship. employment as a bank teller, beThat he loves the Church is evicame an assistant cashier in another

denced through his constant and bank, and later an examiner for the capable service to it. As a young California State Banking Departman in Boise he became an Eagle ment, and title examiner for the Los

Scout; soon after moving to CaliAngeles County Flood Control Disfornia he served as scoutmaster in trict.

the Adams Ward; and later he was He studied law at Southwestern

active as a troop committeeman, and University, and was graduated in as Assistant District Commissioner, 1939 with the degree of bachelor of

Los Angeles Metropolitan Area laws, cum laude. For many years

Council, in the 'midthirties. A part he has been engaged in the private

of his heart is still with the scouting practice of law in Los Angeles (at the program. Sunday afternoon session of conElder Hunter was called as bishop ference as he spoke before the

of the former El Sereno Ward, Pasacongregation he described law as his dena Stake, in September 1940, life's work "until yesterday") and is a where he served until 1946. He was director in a number of corporations.

president of the high priests'quorum He married Clara May Jeffs in the of the Pasadena Stake in 1947; in Salt Lake Temple, June 10, 1931, and

1949 he was called as a member of the couple had three sons: Howard

the stake High Council; and in 1950, William, Jr., who died in infancy;

became president of the Pasadena John J., a student at Brigham Young

Stake. University; and Richard A. Hunter,

Elder Hunter, president of the serving as a missionary in Southern

Pasadena (California) Stake of Zion, Australia. Elder and Mrs. Hunter

since February 26, 1950, was sushave one grandson, as well.

plans the other for the with along General asked what his WhenThe Good Housekeeping tained, said, President Elder Authorities as were, Hunter Reuben future J. Seal g uarantees Clark, Jr., presented their names at haven't been told yet."This is indi-"I

Rancho's the Saturday morning session, Octocative of his willingness to devote goodness! berElder10, 1959,Hunter,in thea Tabernacle.native of Idaho, hisAslifethetoNovemberthe serviceEraof goesthe toChurch.press,

was born November 14, 1907 at the staff welcomes Elder Hunter and

Boise. His parents are John William wishes him joy and success as he fills

and Nellie M. Rasmussen Hunter, his new call to service in the Church.

who were both born in Utah, but A more complete biographical now reside in California. article is being prepared and will be

He received his elementary educapresented later in The Improvement 7 tion in Boise and was graduated from Era.

DELICIOUS VARIETIES!

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Largest and the Smallest

This giant twocylinder Meihle color press is Akin to the presses is the most complete bindthe largest commercial job press operating in the ery and electrotype foundry in the area.

Intermountain region. On it is printed The ImLarge scale equipment, bulk paper buying, big

provement Era and other longrun, largesize work. staff and over a hundred years of knowhow lets

Nearby it in the press room of the Deseret News the Deseret News Press provide you with the

Press are other presses graduating down in size West's most complete printing service.

to among the smallest made. This versatility of

press sizes, speeds and job ratings makes it possible for the News Press to handle properly every Color Reproduction Catalogs type of printing job from the very largest to the Edition Work Pamphlets very smallest. Missionary Programs Cards

Special emphasis has been put on equipment Invitations Letterheads which will produce both simple and complex color Magazines Office Forms work.

Sales Office: 33 Richards St.

Plant: Industrial Center,

Redwood RoadDeseret News Press Salt Lake City, Utah

Letterpress Lithography Electrotyping Binding

NOVEMBER 1959 793 These Times

DEMOCRATIC REPUBLICAN

''OR CONGRESSMANo FOJR o'"inCONCSESSV*

ELECTRIC

WATER Tweedledum HEATER and Tweedledee LIVE BETTER by Dr. G. Homer Durham

ELECTRICALLY":'Vice President, University of Utah with FULL

This column is an effort to meet independent voters, as well as to HOUSEPOWER a suggestion from a thoughtful reconcile their inner inconsistencies.

UTAH POWER LIGHT CO. reader who wrote: This is one of the great values of the

"As we approach a general electwo-party system.

tion I believe it would be enlightenThe foregoing description applies ing if the basic philosophies of the to the structure of the American wipco two major parties could be outlined party system. From the standpoint

impartially. of "party spirit,"labels, war cries,

"There must be good principles and other identifications, there tends DuoPot and reasons therefor in each party. to exist a Democratic and a RepubliOtherwise there would not be the can party on a national scale. Howindividuals of high moral integrity ever, when the labels are stripped

EXTRUDED ALUMINUM supporting each. away and the war cries silenced, the

COMBINATION DOOR "As the campaign waxes warm, remaining structure resembles the

Highest Quality later on, and finally becomes hot, cluster of associations earlier deLow-priced Door in when each party will extol its virtues scribed. What about principles?

the Intermountain and condemn the faults of the other, The principles, over a generation's

West it will be impossible to get an untime, reflect the nature of the secracial, explanation biased religious, economic, of the basic tenets tional, beautiful, Rugged, preWw - 1 party."in the elements party asand other of each cision built and a full

in minutes Converts sociation. nineteenth in century, In the tend to overlap These Lord/* Guaranteed by v thick.

\ Good storm door from Housekeeping political likened party. to Bryce each which the American The "differences"

screen. parties to Tweedledum and Tweedleappear tend to be emphases, rather dee. Professor Peter Odegard has than philosophical.

tWMcrflC ALUMINUM said that the differences within are Professors Carr, Morrison, Bern- 3-TRACK COMBINATION WINDOW greater than the differences bestein, and Snyder, in their American tween the parties. The realistic Democracy in Theory and Practice

instantly storm Changes from window to or store. view is that the major American (1951) declare, "It is at once apscreen. Nothing to remove

Precision made of aircraft aluminum political parties are everchanging parent that the two parties are both for lifetime service. federations of state and local politilike and unlike each other.... The

cal associations. Over the years one truth of the matter is that sooner or

SEE YOUR LOCAL set of associations has banded tolater both parties have been on all

LUMBER DEALER gether and is known as the Demosides of most of the issues that have cratic party. The other set wears been important in American politics

DISTRIBUTED BY the banner of the Republican party. since the Civil War. And yet it will

MORRISONBothBoth setstendaretowardsconstantlybalancein motion.and notas doTweedledeeto characterizeand theTweedledum.two parties

MERRILL & CO. moderation in order to appeal to the Professors Ferguson and McHenry

Building Material Distributors

794 THE IMPROVEMENT Eka iii the fifth edition of The American

Federal Government (1959) write, "Major parties under the twoparty system become moderate, comproirritating highly bodies,mising to SPECIALISTS definitionsthose sharp who demand of party policy. Each party faces

the task of attracting to the party an aggregation of interests strong:

enough to win power."

IT TAKES SPECIALISTS Professor William H. Young in his f

revision of Ogg and Ray's Essentials TO WRITE ABOUT of American Government (1959) f SPECIALISTS. AND AMONG

says, "American parties are loose and amorphous associations.... The THE MANY SPECIALISTS WHO WRITE

two major parties of today are noFOR THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE ARE TWO, NAMELY;

toriously disunited. composite and O. N. MALMQUIST, POLITICAL EDITOR, AND WILLIAM ofIn order to capture the loyalty

great numbers of voters scattered C. PATRICK, MEDICAL AND SCIENCE EDITOR. MR. MALMQUIST HAS

throughout the nation, they must A NATIONAL REPUTATION FOR HIS ENCYCLOPEDIC KNOWLEDGE OF stand for many different things and not too rigidly for any one thing.... THE POLITICAL FIELD, PARTICULARLY IN THE WEST. MR. PATRICK,

Although the line of demarcation SOMETIMES CALLED "DOCTOR"BY FRIENDS, IS A MEMBER OF THE parties is blurred, the twobetween NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF SCIENCE WRITERS AND OF THE AMERthere overand ideologically is much lapping of views, the center of ICAN MEDICAL WRITERS ASSN. BOTH ARE NATIVE UTAHNS AND

gravity of the two parties is different. GRADUATES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. BOTH REGULARLY PROThey do stand for somewhat different things."VIDE EDIFYING ARTICLES TO THE READERS OF...

What are these somewhat different things? Professor views Young the alt nkt ifcibun*

coalition "a loose party asDemocratic of the dominant white agricultural leadership of the South and the industrial workers of the urban centers A WONDERFUL of the North and Middle West.

"To this coalition has been attached a large number of farmers,ranchers and miners of the Plains, CHRISTMAS GIFT the Mountain States, and the West GIVE

Coast."Senators Eastland of MisYOU, YOUR FRIENDS AND

sissippi and Humphrey of MinneLOVED ONES illustrate.sota authority The same

thrilled strengthened by and e w says the Republican party has been 160 of pages 400 new discoveries, H Q?&

"instrong rapidly the growing subin color) and photographs (many < gu to relating ** powerful argumentsurbs surrounding cities. our new large * ISv\& MSraJji the finds,But authority same "There

of Mormon of everyare some class, kind of IH The Book inrace, religion, presented and sectional patriot '''j|||B| in each party. Each party is furthermore sharply divided within itself."One Fold and One

William Bennett Munroe, a dozen Shepherd years ago, rendered the opinion that by the President of the New World the American political party is "the Archaeological Foundation outcome of a desire to do, in a way that seems logical, the things that BOOKS OF CALIFORNIA have to he done in order to make 682 MissionEnclosedStreetis my SancheckFrancisco,in the sumCaliforniaof $6.00 (in California add 24c sales tax). Please send

popular government a success"in ONE FOLD and ONE SHEPHERD to:

this country. Examples and opinions Name

from scholarship could be multiplied. Then, the vocal leadership Address -

of both parties constantly indicates their views of their differences! My name and address:

The fact remains that the American party system and each of the

n Check here if you desire a Christmas gift card enclosed.

Check here if you desire to have the br.ok autographed by ihe author.

NOVEMBER 1959 795 major parties is an expression of the comes to be a bundle of compromises.

people. The American people find The Democrats must present a candithemselves in a variety of geographdate that can win the support of the

a few steps ic, climatical, racial, sectional, ecomany and diverse interests of the lonomic, religious, sociological, and cal, county, and state politicians from the otherof our circumstances.constitutional systemThe structureis, forwhichparty. ThecompriseRepublicansthe mustDemocraticdo the

tunately, similarly pluralistic and disame. At the same time, both groups

TEMPLE versified.of 200,000Theorpeoplemorelivecommunities.in upwards mustof attractingmake theira majorityselectionsupportin the hopefrom

They range in character and size the nation at large. Also (and this

GROUNDS... froming megalopoliTalmage, Utah,as extendto suchon thesprawlEast iscompositiona major influenceand structurein the currentof the

Coast, for example, from Portland, American political party), each

Maine, to Norfolk, Virginia; or, on group must design its candidacies

the West Coast, from Santa Barbara and campaign so as to win the supto San Diego, California. In these port of sufficient localities, situated

circumstances there is need for main sufficient states of the Union, to chinery to meet radically varied capture control of a majority in the needs. The American political party, "electoral college."This usually

with its localistic structure and abmeans that the successful coalition sence of rigid doctrine, is the remust gear its program to capture a sponse. A man or woman in a Utah majority of the voters in the twelve

hamlet can work in the precinct comor thirteen of the largest states. In

mittee and aspire to the county comdoing so, both Republicans and mittee or the state organization of Democrats take into account the,.. and your car is either party. In Alabama, Detroit, nature of the "solid"(or not so solid)

is that South. the naparty Vermont, the choices The result may parked but a few or

tional to selected is geared be different. campaign party ladder, The howsteps from your room. ever, can be climbed. The precinct local and sectional interests. The

committee serves precinct needs, results reflect the spirit of comproEvery comfort and especially in the voting district on mise. Accordingly, in America, as

convenience election day, and so on up the ladProfessors Ferguson and McHenry der. In a hamlet or New York tenestate, "Major parties under the twoFree radio and television ment this activity lies at the base of party system become moderate, comthe "political party."At the napromising bodies, highly irritating to

Reasonable rates tional level, party policies have to those who demand sharp definitions represent compromises between the of party policy. Each party faces

Complete convention needs of Talmage, Utah, Montthe task of attracting to the party facilities and exhibit gomery, Alabama, and Harlem, New an aggregation of interests strong

York. The compromises are necesenough to win power. Because each halls

sary in order to achieve a successful party is at all times either the govFamily-style "coalition."Successful coalitions ernment or the opposition, it can

"Crossroads"restaurant are needed at the national level to ill afford to make irresponsible policy help elect a majority of the House declarations."

of Representatives from local conUnderlying the American party

Next time you drive to Salt gressional districts, and of the Sensystem are the concepts of liberty,

Lake, be sure to plan the ate. But even these contests tend freedom of conscience, and the right

extra pleasure of staying at to reflect local rather than national to choose. People who want "discithe policy interests. pline"and rigid party "doctrine,"

It is in the quadrennial contests for with strict conformity to the same the American presidency that the as the price of party membership, search for a successful coalition had better go elsewhere than the reaches its apex. Here, party policy United States of America.

Time, like a river, rolls imperceptibly away, till it loses itself in the vast ocean of eternity. Happy they

who mark its periods hy deeds which shall bear

HOTEL UTAH record when time itself shall be no more.

MOTOR LODGE Max Carpenter, Mgr.

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iive yourself or your family a Membership for Christmas—an

BUILD YOUR LDS LIBRARY SYSTEMATICALLY

JUST OFF THE PRESS OLDER CLASSICS M

as**-

BOOK OF

mokmos TRUTHS

:$tlt

IOW THE LDS BOOKS CLUB PLAN HOW TO JOIN

SAVES YOU UP TO 20% HOW TO GET YOUR BOOKS

You join by ordering one or more of the books

With every four books you buy you receive a pictured above. Each month you will receive

... selected books carefully several of reviews fifth book free... thus you get five choice

If month. of the book being with named one

Church books for the price of four. A long list you wish to receive the top book, you do nothing—it will be sent to you postpaid along with

of bonus books will be provided from which a statement. If you do not want the book, you

you make your selection. Dozens of marvelous return the postcard provided for an alternate or

none at all. You may order as few as one book

Church books are available through the club every three months to keep your membership and carry bonus credit. active.

RLL 6UT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW

SAVINGS UP TO 20% LDS I Bookswant Club,the finestP. O. libraryBox 385,available.Salt LakeEnrollCity me7, Utahin the LDS Books

Club and send me: "Doctrines of Salvation,"Vol. I, S3. 25 ( ); Vol.

of the Prophet Joseph "Teachings ); Ill, S3. 25 ( Vol. ); II, $3.25 of CONVENIENCE

$4.00 Commentary,"Covenants ( ); "Doctrine ); and 53.50( (

delivered books Defined,"Truths S3. Treasury,"( ); "Religious 50 of Mormon to Smith,""Book

your door $3.95 ( ); "Family Night Fun,"$2.95 ( ); "Bible Stories for Young

Latterday Saints,"$3.00 ( ); "The Story of Our Church, for Young

Saints,"Latterday ( ); "Book of Mormon Stories for Young Latterday

( ). METHODICAL way to Saints,"$3.00

add to your library Name BEST NEW LDS BOOKS Address City State

enclosed: $ of check Amount OLDER LDS CLASSICS to mutilate tax.) not wish do residents (Utah add or 2V2%money salesorder

(Nov., sheet. required this on If separateyou information page, send

LDS Books Club1959) NOVEMBER 1959 797 of plenty will be HERE The Church for tasty, turkey tender everyone again this Thanksgiving, and the finest birds will be available at your neighborhood Safeway Store. Moves On

It is estimated that the production of the famous August 1959

Utahgrown turkeys, which have a reputation for qualMojave (California) Stake, 288th now functioning in the ity all over America, will Church, was organized by Elders Mark E. Petersen and

reach more than 2,700,000 Hugh B. Brown of the Council of the Twelve, with Elder

birds this year. Sterling Arthur Johnson sustained as stake president, and Elders

sustained as counDalton Olsen and Henry John Maurice Dwane

But of this tremendous selors. Second, Lancaster, Stake Lancaster comprises and Mojave

production, less than (all from branches 15% Palmdale wards, and and Edwards Mojave in Utah. will be consumed Victorville Valley Bakersfield Stake); Branch and Lucerne Ward

More than 85% of the Utah (both from San Bernardino Stake); Barstow and Bidgecrest wards

turkeys must be marketed and Trona Branch (all former branches of the California Mission).

out of Utah. Mojave Stake has a membership of approximately 3600.

Safeway plays an important part in finding markets The annual allChurch senior and junior softball tournaments for this great flock of surbegan at George Q. Morris Softball Park in Salt Lake City.

plus turkeys. All turkeys Occasional rain showers during the tournaments forced resold in Safeway Stores in scheduling of some of the games.

Utah and thousands more in are marketed First Presidency the appointment of Elder announced that

Stores in Idaho, California, Safeway M TheLevi of Fontana, to succeed President B. Thorup

Wyoming, Nevada, Oregon, Holger P. Petersen of the Danish Mission. President Thorup

Washington and California is a former missionary to Denmark, having been called in 1929 to are produced on Utah serve there. He is a former guide on Temple Square in Salt Lake

farms. Purchases of Utah City and a former member of the bishopric of Parley's Ward. He

turkey last year totaled has served on two high councils, Highland (Salt Lake City) and nearly $500,000. San Bernardino (California) Stakes. He is a former bishop of

Safeway has always taken Fontana (California) Ward, and, at the time of this call as mission a leading role in promoting president is serving as a counselor in the stake high priests'presiturkey for holiday feasting dency and as a seminary teacher. Mrs. Thorup and their son and

and yeararound consumpdaughter, Jay and Ronda, will accompany him to the field of labor.

tion to help Utah's turkey Another son, Elder Lee B. Thorup, is currently serving as a missionproducers. ary in Central America,

The First Presidency announced changes in the officers of

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY the Cooperative Security Corporation, the nonprofit organFRIEND OF THE FARMER ization of the Church which holds the title to various properties operated under the Church welfare program. The new officers

are Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of the Twelve, president; Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,

vice president; Elder Arben O. Clark, secretary; and Elder Alfred

treasurer. The corporation was formerly headed by SAFEWAY W. Uhrhan,

President Henry D. Moyle of the First Presidency. The late Elder

T. C. Stayncr served as vice president. Elder Harold B. Lee of

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DIRECT FROM MANUFACTURERSAVES YOU OVER SO%

LIVING(UNBREAKABLE LIFETIMEBABYMAGICTOUCH DOLLVINYL) wtfk Gimi 2 (si. Sitting, Boik,

& Co* Bed Oul{ifo!

A FABULOUS OFFER THAT SAVES YOU

OVER 50%! WE MAKE, SELL, SHIP

FROM OUR FACTORY DIRECT TO YOU!

DIRECT$ FACTORY p!us 50c

PRICE! *b handlin 9 Hmffl

regular $8.95 value

EVERY LITTLE MOTHER WILL LOVE HER!

This is truly the DREAMCOME-TRUE of every little mother. Made of MONEY BACK GUARANTEE

vinyl,MAGICTOUCH guaranteed and lifelike, unbreakable, the

CO., INC. Dept. IE-1 cuddly FACTORY DOLL

willLIVING the heart of BABY DOLL melt every little girl. She has gorgeous Rd., Merrick, L. I., N. Y. 23 1 4 Merrick

blue eyes, real eyelashes, and a dainty peaches and cream complexion. As Please rush 16"LIVING BABY DOLL, GIANT 2 FT. SWING,

big as a NEW BORN BABY, she's the perfect living picture of joy, health, BATH, and CAR BED at $3.95 plus 50?: for handling. Full

and happiness. purchase price refunded if not 100% satisfied.

Clothed in a beautiful ROMPER DRESS, the LIVING BABY comes complete 1 Toclosedsave$4.45.postage,PleaseI shipen- I I Ibalanceenclosed C.O.D.$1.00 deposit,plus

with a magnificent GIANT 2 ft. PLAY SWING, BATH, and CAR BED for prepaid. postage and charges.

home or travel. Everything is included at NO ADDITIONAL COST!

This is a fabulous offer, worth more than twice the price. SAVE OVER 50%! NAME (please print)

AS LIFELIKE AS A NEW BORN BABY! ADDRESS.

FACTORY DOLL CO., INC., 2314 Merrick Rd., Merrick, L. I., N. Y. CITY. ZONE.STATE.

NOVEMBER 1959 799

the Council of the Twelve was secretarytreasurer, and Elder

Romney was assistant secretarytreasurer. The changes were made

to coincide with the recent reorganization of the Church welfare committee.

Snowflake won the senior allChurch softball tournament. Mesa

Sixth placed second, followed by Burley Seventh in third place; TRIUMPH IN TONS*

Palmdale fourth; Monument Park West Fifth in fifth place; St.

George First, sixth; University Second, seventh and Huntington

Park, Providence First, and Ogden Thirtyninth.

Long Beach First placed first in the junior allChurch softball You Will Also Discover tournament followed by Studio City, Queen Creek, Arcade, Colonial A Noticeable Difference Hills, Jacksonville, Bonneville, Taylorsville, Lewisville, and Rupert

First. In The Area's Exclusive

all, sixtyfour ( thirtytwo teams In senior and thirtytwo junior Conn Dealer At softball participated in the tournament. had

This year there was an allChurch horseshoe tournament held in conjunction with the softball tournament.

Elder Sherman A. Lindholm sustained as president of North D a y n e s Music

Tooele (Utah) Stake, succeeding President Orlando T. Company has

Barrus. Previously he had served as first counselor to served the InterBarrus. counselors President are Elder President Lindholm's John mountain Area retiring in the counselor served as second Lloyd Callister, who

presidency, and Elder Bert Howard Weight. with pride and

Elder Thurn J. Baker, formerly second counselor to President pleasure for 96

Elmo J. Bergeson of Grand Coulee (Washington) Stake, succeeded years. And with

him as stake president. Sustained as his counselors were Elders each year we have

James D. Stevens and Owen K. Earl. Elder Claude K. Wakefield, kept you in mind.

President Bergeson's first counselor, was also released.

Elder Lloyd D. Cahoon sustained as president of Alberta

(Canada) Stake, to succeed President Gordon S. Brewerton, That is why we

deceased. Elder Fred N. Spackman resustained as first are proud to be the

counselor; Elder Bruce W. Burt sustained as second counselor, area's exclusive

succeeding Elder Edwin K. Greene. dealer for fine

Stake. Stake Elder (Utah) renamed Box Elder South Box Conn organs...

his counselors, Elders President and Bennion Rudger Glen N. M.

Price and J. Oleen Palmer were released as the presidency of the superior in the

South Box Elder Stake. Elder O. Dee Lund was sustained as world of music.

president of the Box Elder Stake with Elders J. Charles Keller and

LeGrande Tea as his counselors.

There is a Conn September 1959 model to meet every requirement.

Mrs. Elwood G. (Elizabeth B.) Winters, Mrs. Carl H. (LaRue

H.) Rosell, (both of Salt Lake City), and Mrs. George L. If you are planning

(Jennie R.) Scott (of Bountiful, Utah) appointed to the to buy an organ,

general board of the Relief Society. come in and let us

make a comparison Elder Dallas A. Tueller sustained as president of Fresno test with any other

(California) Stake, with Elders Arden B. Hutchings and

Charles B. Bingham as counselors. They succeed President make organ. See

Alwyn C. Sessions and his counselors, Elders Eldon J. Callister and Mr. Glen Pratt for

Ralph A. Macdonald. arrangements.

Elder William S. Partridge sustained as second counselor in

Olympus (Salt Lake County) Stake succeeding Elder J. Vernon

Sharp who has recently been called to preside over the Andes (South American) Mission. President Heber E. Peterson heads

this stake; his first counselor is Elder Boyd C. Bott. MUSIC

Elder Richard S. Summerhays sustained as first counselor in the Pasadena (California) Stake presidency succeeding COMPANY

Elder J. Talmage Jones. Elder Daken K. Broadhead sus15 EAST FIRST SOUTH

tained as second counselor, succeeding Elder Summerhays. PresiSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

dent Howard W. Hunter is the stake president.

(Continued on page 872) 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY ST.

PROVO, UTAH

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Is your church planning to invest in a new organ?

Compare.. and you will discover..

there is a noticeable difference in a Conn Organ!

The glorious tone of the Conn comes closest of all to the deep, rich tones of a mighty pipe organ... always the standard

of excellence.

For a convincing test of Conn's superiority, invite dealers of other organs to bring their instruments right into your

Church or Chapel, for a sideby-side comparison test with the incomparable Conn.

Then listen for the most important quality of all... grandeur

of tone. Listen for versatility and contrast... for strong and

stirring tones... for pure and ethereal tones. Listen... to the

noticeable difference in a Conn.

"Full organ"on the Conn is grandly eloquent, not just loud, because the Conn essentially has a complete, individual tone generator for each and every note. And every "voice"

is true... precise and identifiable.

There is a Conn model to meet every requirement. If you

are planning to buy an organ, your Conn dealer will be glad to provide a magnificent Conn for a sideby-side comparison test with any other make of organ. Make arrangements with

him soon. There is no charge, of course.

Conn Organ Corporation Elkhart, Indiana

Before you invest...

be sure you discover the noticeable difference in a...

CONN N

NOVEMBER 1959 801 RELIGIOUS TRUTHS DEFINED EXCEPT THEY BE AGREED by Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. by Mark E. Petersen

Presents the viewpoints of many reliThe ageold problem of interdenomingious faiths along with Biblical teachational marriage is discussed openly ings and revealed doctrine. This and frankly. Elder Petersen wisely

authoritative volume covers dozens of points out the pitfalls of marrying vital doctrinal points. $3.95 outside your faith. $1.00

3. A BOOK OF MORMON TREASURY 6. LEADERSHIP

(Articles from "The Improvement Era") by Sterling W. Sill

stalwarts analyze Church of Book

Brilliantly written, containing hunprophets and characters, Mormon dreds of meaningful stories and examtheir language, examine customs and ples that vividly point out the ways culture, present and overwhelming of developing leadership... ability to evidence clarify substantiate and in church, business, civic or social of this the teachings sacred volume.

pursuits. $3.50 S3.50

7. SCIENCE AND YOUR FAITH IN GOD

compiled by Paul R. Green

Leading scientists in the Church discuss interesting aspects of science and religion in a way that will build faith.

Contributors include Henry Eyring,

Carl Christensen, John A. Widtsoe,

Harvey Fletcher and many others.

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 8. PATHWAYS TO HAPPINESS

by David O. McKay

Written with skill and'imagination, clearly reflects profound thoughts, noble emotions and keen insight. Each

chapter is full of practical, downto- earth helps. A book you'll love and

cherish. $3.95

9. FAMILY NIGHT READER

by S. Dilworth Young

Clearly and logically explains the basic principles of the gospel. Will stimulate

a desire for further knowledge and help build and strengthen testimonies of young folks and older folks alike. $2.50

DOCTRINES OF SALVATION

by Joseph Fielding Smith One of the foremost gospel scholars of the Church sets down in plain language the doctrines which will bring salvation to man.

10. Volume l-$3.25

11. Volume II—$3.25

12. Volume III—$3.25

13. ETERNAL QUEST

by Hugh B. Brown

Inspiring discourses delivered throughout a lifetime of Church service. Each

article contains rich, soulstirring experiences told with skillful and picturesque language. $3.50

14. THE MORMON STORY

by Rulon S. Howells

An excellent pictorial account of Mormonism. Contains hundreds of rare

photographs, beautiful fullcolor paintings and wonderful illustrations portraying events in the restoration and growth of the Church, $3.95

15. DISCOURSES ON THE HOLY GHOST

compiled by N. B. Lundwall

Treatises of the nature, powers, mission and workings of the third member of the Godhead by a number of the great men of the Church, including Joseph

Smith, Brigham Young, James E. Talmage, Joseph Fielding Smith and

others. $1.75

16. HIS MANY MANSIONS

by Rulon S. Howells

Accurately compares important beliefs of many major Christian churches to

LDS doctrines. Contains the famous

chart which contrasts the teachings of the various denominations at a glance.

$2.25;

J

NOVEMBER 1959 803

s 17. SPECIAL LDS REFERENCE BIBLE

Especially prepared for LDS missionaries and students, this authorized King James Bible has a special reference section prepared by Dr. Milton R. Hunter, giving all

j pertinent Biblical references on the Godhead, Apostasy,

Restoration, Book of Mormon, First Principles of the

Gospel, Plan of Salvation and many other important subjects. Genuine leather. Selfpronouncing. Complete

concordance. $12.95

18. MISSIONARY DUO 19. HIS MANY MANSIONS

Two rich binders attractively packaged COMPARATIVE CHART in smart gift box. The Missionary

famous comparative The chart rings, size 6 from official with Notebook, the "His book Mansions,"Many scriptures and is recording ideal for in a packaged size plastic handy pocket be can Diary Missionary notes. The

folder. doctrinal beliefs Compares typeor a on in kept longhand

leading of 13; Christian churches. $.75 illustrated emBeautifully writer.

bossed with gold. $7.50

Games for the entire family 20. HON 22. MORMON BASEBALL

with quesfamily quiz separate New children ages 7 for quiz game new children. adults for tions and of to those similar rules 14, using 600 Ato

of all phases Gospel. questions the on learn. $1.25 you while baseball. Fun

board spinner. Attractive playing and

An ideal game for Christmas. $2.59

21. EXALTATION 23. SEEK

lots that's for of fun quiz tests game fascinating A which game new A the imaginaCaptures and young the knowledge understanding of and is ideal people, yet the tion of old.young for principles of Gospel. Excellent the

family nights, church parties, firesides, for the entire family. Teaches the

etc. 52.49 basic principles of Mormonism. $1.95

for Teenagers BOOKS BY EMMA MARR PETERSEN 29. L.D.S. ADVENTURE STORIES

by Preston Nibley 24. THE SET OF THE SAIL Intriguing, fastmoving adventure

Romance and intrigue are used to stories depict faith and courage.

tell doctrine. Parents will welcome $2.00

this book. $2.25

25. CHOOSE YE THIS DAY 30.by S.ANDilworthADVENTUREYoungIN FAITH

Helps to reconcile philosophy, sciFor boys and girls of Scout or Exence, and worldliness with religious plorer age. $1.75

truths. An excellent aid to youth.

L.D.S. 31. FAITH STORIES $2.25 OF AND X0V8 COURAGE CHERISH LOVE TO AND TO

Preston Nibley by of the account sorrow moving 26.A Faithpromoting, exciting adventies the flaunting sacred caused by

tures written for the of youth $2.00 of marriage. the >T*.'emRfgH Church. $2.25 jr

27. FOR TIME OR ETERNITY?

by Mark E. Petersen

Creates an awareness of the value of Temple marriage. $2.00

28. IF I WERE IN MY TEENS

Written in retrospect by brilliant leaders of youth. $2.00

EMMA MARR PETERSEN'S A CHILD'S STORY OF THE

STORIES CHILDREN'S BOOK MORMON OFP* Petersen Neeley Deta

About Prayer to $1.50 by36. Dr. Journey the Promised

33. Bible Stories For Young Land $1.75

Latterday Saints $3.00 37. Precious Land of

Book of Mormon Stories Promise $1.75

For Young Latterday 38. Land of Their

Saints $3.25 Inheritance $1.75

to Savior Comes Story of Our Church 39. The The

$1.75 Land the Promised Latterday For Young

Saints $3.00 40. Tell Me A Story $3.00

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BINDERS OF REMEMBRANCE: BOOK Genealogy needs

vinyl Beautiful cover is wearresistant and scratchproof. New binding mechanism will not wear out. and aids

41. $5.00 Blue, black or white with gold lettering.

42. $6.00 Gold overtone on brown, green, red.

43. $5.00 Deluxe binder with Temple of choice embossed in gold. Blue, black, white,

rust or red.

A BASIC COURSE IN GENEALOGY

by Gardner, Harland and Smith 44. Volume l-$3.95

45. Volume II—$3.95

A comprehensive course in basic record keeping and research.

GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH IN ENGLAND AND WALES by Frank Smith and David E. Gardner

46. Volume l-$3.50

47. Volume II—$3.95

Illustrations, shortcuts and timesavers; maps of counties in England and Wales.

48. FINDING YOUR FOREFATHERS IN AMERICA

by Archibald F. Bennett

help Will the reader to train himself in scientific genealogical research. $3.95

49. ADVANCED GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH

by Archibald F. Bennett

the of One remost comprehensive volumes available on in search America. $2.75

Sffii;?':- M

50. THE MUSTARD SEED

by Lucy Gertsch Thomson $1.00

51. LETTER TO MY DAUGHTER

by Ora Pate Stewart $1.00

GOLDEN NUGGETS OF THOUGHT by Ezra L. Marler

52. Volume I—$1.00

53. Volume II—$1.00

54. Volume III- $1.00

55. MINUTE MASTERPIECES

by Lucy Gertsch Thomson $1.00

56. STORYETTES

compiled by Albert L. /obeli, Jr. $1.00

57. GEMS OF THOUGHT

compiled by Dr. Milton R. Hunter $1.00

BOOKCRAFT

1185 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 1159

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ) for: $ Wx2> mJ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 1 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19

31 32 37 38 -* 36 33 29 30 34 35 28 27 26 23 24 25 20 21 22 '-"- HI

"-"57 51 53 54 55 48 47 50 52 56 49 41 45 46 44 Hi 42 43 'f*-"+ 9Sly 39 40 w Book of Remembrance Binder $5 ( ) $6 ( )

IE Choice of color r.k-.V NAME

ADDRESS CITY - STATE /..;

NOVEMBER 1959 Elsewhere in this issue is the special section featuring the fullcolor reproductions of artists'conceptions of the apostles of Jesus Christ in the Meridian of Time. Excellent as the paintings of the artists

are, these subjects were selected for inclusion here for quite another reason—the force that was the center

of the lives of these humble men.

That power is Jesus Christ and the plan of salvation for all men which he brought forth in his gospel.

"What think ye of Christ?"(Matthew 22:42) was

a question asked in the Meridian of Time. It is still

being asked today. "What think ye of Christ?"

On one of the most solemn occasions of his entire ministry, Jesus said to his chosen twelve: "These

things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation:

but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world."

(John 16:33.) These significant words contain both

a promise and a statement of fact. The promise: If a men will hearken to his words they shall find peace.

The fact: In the world there is tribulation. There is What also an implication that each is dependent upon the

tm 8 m attitude and actions of men themselves.

He came to redeem the world from sin. He came

with love in his heart for every individual, with rethink ye demption and possibility. for regeneration for all. By

choosing him as our ideal, we create within ourselves a desire to be like him, to have fellowship with him.

We perceive life as it should be and as it may be.

Jesus always sought the welfare of the individual, and individuals grouped and laboring for the general welfare of the whole in conformity with the principles of the gospel constitute the kingdom of God. Jesus'

regard for personality was supreme. "The ideal social

state, which he described as the kingdom of God, is a by President DavicLQ. McKay commonwealth in which all men are united and governed by a commanding love both for God and for their

neighbors."

The goal that Jesus Christ always set before his followers was the emancipation of men and women from greed, from anger, from jealousy, from hatred,!'k \: ] ItttiiiitI; if j-jj

Editor's Page

from fear; and in their place he hoped to bring about tragedy in the world at the present time is its disbelief

a complete and normal development of the individual's in God's goodness and its lack of faith in the teachings divine powers through right thinking and unselfish, and doctrines of the gospel.

efficient service. Jesus'teachings may be applied just as efficaciously

Peter, the chief apostle, the indefatigable Paul, the to the social groups and national problems as to indiProphet Joseph Smith, and other true followers of the viduals if men would only give them a trial. The

Risen Lord recognized in him the Savior of the indispirit of the world is antagonistic to the establishment vidual, for did he not say, "For behold, this is my of peace. Peace can come to the world only through

work and my glory—to bring to pass the immortality obedience to the gospel of Jesus Christ.

and eternal life of man?"(Moses 1:39.) The gospel, the glad tidings of grest joy, is the true

Each one of us is the architect of his own fate, and guide to mankind; and that man or woman is happiest

he is unfortunate indeed who will try to build himself and most content who lives nearest to its teachings, without the inspiration of God, without realizing that which are the antitheses of hatred, persecution, he grows from within, not from without. tyranny, domination, injustice—things which foster

Jesus proclaimed that men and women fail to live tribulation, destruction, and death throughout the truly, and really amount to nothing unless they have world. What the sun in the heavenlv blue is to the

spirituality. The spiritual force underlies everything, earth struggling to get free from winter's grip, so the

and without it nothing worth while can be accomgospel of Jesus Christ is to the sorrowing souls yearning plished. for something higher and better than mankind has yet

Jesus taught that a man cannot be true to himself found on earth.

without being true to his fellow men. Neither can a Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterman be true to his fellow men without being true to day Saints are under obligation to make the sinless

himself. Son of Man their ideal—the one perfect Being who

To all who believe in the living, personal Christ, ever walked the earth:

and his divine truth, life can be so delightful and Sublimest example of nobilitybeautiful. It is glorious just to be alive. Joy, even Godlike in natureecstasy, can be experienced in the consciousness of Perfect in his love—

existence. There is supreme satisfaction in sensing Our Redeemer—

one's individual entity and in realizing that that Our Savior—

entity is part of God's creative plan. There are none The Only Begotten Son of our Eternal Father—

so poor, none so rich, sick, or maimed that they may The Light, the Life, the Way—

not be conscious of this relationship. I know he lives; that he is the Son of God, and that

He promised no material rewards, but he did promhe has restored in this dispensation the complete plan ise perfected, divine manhood. And with that divine of salvation.

manhood comes the resultant true happiness. What a glorious condition will be in this old world

Christ is the light of humanity. In that light man when it can be truthfully said to Christ, "All men seek

sees his way clearly; when it is rejected, the soul of thee l"Selfishness, envy, hatred, lying, stealing, cheatman stumbles in darkness. It is a sad thing when ing, disobedience, quarreling among nations, and

individuals and nations extinguish that light—when fighting among nations—all will be no more when it

Christ and his gospel are supplanted by the law of can be truthfully said to the Redeemer of mankind, the jungle and the strength of the sword. The chief "All men seek thee!"

NOVEMBER 1959 807 Your Question X Answered by President Joseph Fielding Smith

PRESIDENT OF THE QUORUM OF THE TWELVE

ARE THE DEAD CALLED HOME?

Question: "From time to time we hear can be little question raised contrary to the fact that

speakers at funerals state that God had called the men shorten their lives by violation of the commanddead person home, which is the reason for that persons ments of the Lord. The use of narcotics, liquors,

death. We are trying to harmonize the doctrine of and other drugs and stimulants inevitably weakens

free agency with this statement, but find difficulty and impairs the functions of the body, thus shortening in doing so. Is there any help you can give?"the span of life.

Even good, faithful persons, who disregard the laws

Answer: One of the greatest blessings of health, may shorten the life span which otherwise

given to mankind is the gift of free agency. Without could have been theirs. Moreover, we are all subject

it there could be no salvation. It was Satan's plan to to the ravages of disease, disaster, accidents that could,

take away from the spirits assigned to come to this and often do, shorten life.

earth this great eternal blessing. Under false preNearly every day we read of innocent persons dying

tenses he offered to save all the children of our Eternal in automobile accidents, by drowning in some stream

Father, without any exception, on the terms that our or lake, or in some other danger, death has overtaken

Eternal Father would surrender his throne to him. them, and it was no fault of their own. We are all

Such a salvation would have required each individual subject to the various vicissitudes and conditions in to surrender his divine gift of freedom of thought and life which confront us which could not be foreseen. It

action, therefore it could be no salvation at all. With would be contrary to sound thinking to assume that

the divine privilege of accepting or rejecting the the Lord has decreed that these individuals had been eternal plan which had been prepared, each soul is called home by such accidents or calamities, and that placed in the category of freedom of action and will. "fate"had ordered it so.

Hence each soul is subject to the rewards and punishIt is true that some have been "called home"by ment based on individual conduct. One of the great sudden death. This was the case with the Prophet

commandments is as follows: Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum. They had

"Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days finished their work, and the keys of authority had

may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God been lawfully and by divine revelation bestowed upon giveth thee."(Ex. 20:12.) the twelve. They were in the vigor of their manPaul commenting on this said: hood, but the time had come for them to lay down

"Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this their lives, for it was decreed in the heavens that their

is right. passing from this world should be by martyrdom. They

"Honour thy father and mother; which is the first had to seal their testimony with their blood and make

commandment with promise. that testimony binding upon an unbelieving world.

"That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live No one in reason would deny the right of our long on the earth."(Eph. 6:1-3.) Eternal Father to call an individual home, should he

In giving counsel to the Corinthian Saints, who had will it. Nor would he argue that to take a person

been guilty of violating the sacred observance of the from the mortal life in his youth or early childhood,

Sacrament, Paul further said: would be unjust, because it deprived the individual

"For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth of the pleasures and sorrows of mortality, and the exand drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the periences to be gained here. He may call any person

Lord's body. "home"at any time he chooses, whether in infancy,

"For this cause many are weak and sickly among childhood, youth, or old age. We are all subject to

you, and many sleep."(I Cor. 11:2930.) the will of our Heavenly Father, but we cannot in

Evidently Paul meant that many had passed away truth declare that all the righteous dead were "called because of their violation of this commandment. There home"bv divine decree.

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Leadership Development

-m&z&xurM

:;-....:...... ---;;....\.;.-.-. -.-. '-w.:,...:. '.,

by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

"- -.

Golden Windows

There is a very interesting story decided to sit down to rest and detertold of a young boy who lived on the mine what should be done. As he

far eastern side of a beautiful valley. ""-!'! did so, he turned and looked back

Every morning as the sun came up, across the valley over the long way he looked across the valley at a house that he had come. He could hardly

with beautiful golden windows. As believe his eyes, as there in the light

the reflected rays of sunlight blazed of the setting sun he saw his own back across the valley, the young boy house, the windows ablaze with gazed in admiration and enchantment. golden light. And to his great surHe thought how wonderful it would prise he now discovered that lo, his

be to live in a place of such elegance own house was the house with the and splendor. Then he would Took golden windows.

at the dingy windows of his own humThis instructive story points out an ble dwelling and feel the dark, dismal important moral for our lives. In a

dreariness of discouragement. faint sort of way we are all aware

Each day as he let his mind dwell that "distance lends enchantment,"upon the disadvantages of his circumthat "the grass is always greener on stances, he became more and more r% the other side of the fence."Our

depressed. Day after day his disneighbor's car looks shinier than our

content grew. Finally his longing to own. A homely verse holds up this

live on the other side of the valley common delusion for our considerabecame so strong that its urge could tion.

not be resisted. He decided to leave

the home where he had been born and "I have a yellow jumping jack seek a new life across the valley in the beautiful And Willie has another;

house with the golden windows. My jumping jack, he kicks one leg

Very early the next morning he started, and all day Before he kicks the other.

long he trudged on his way. When he neared the

other edge of the valley, he began to look for his But Willie's yellow jumping jack beautiful house, but to his dismay it was nowhere to I think is better fun, be seen. As if by some magic power, the house with Because he kicks the other leg

the golden windows had disappeared. The sun was Before he kicks the one."

about to set; soon it would be dark. He was far from

home; he was tired and hungry, alone and afraid. He It is one of the most common tendencies of human

NOVEMBER 1959 809 nature arising out of this natural deception, that we (Ex. 20:17.) The "any thing"is pretty allinclusive. It

are inclined to depreciate ourselves and our situation puts on the forbidden list such things as our neighbor's at the same time we build up those around us beyond personality traits, his talents, his job, and his opportheir dues. As a result, it is pretty easy to develop tunities.

this harmful feeling of envy. We pick out the best When envy or covetousness once gets its roots down,

points of someone else and then finish the entire it grows quickly to blind the mind and destroy the picture in the same scale. We list our own talents will. Someone said, "It makes the spirit crosseyed

and blessings with a maximum discount and hold those trying to attend to two things at once."Envy proof our neighbor at a premium. duces a feeling of discontent and ill will. It is a

The Bible points out that it is easier to see the negative reaction in us of some real or imagined moat in our brother's eye than the much larger beam superiority in someone else. It breeds resentful disin our own eye. But it is also easier to see the like, smoldering hate, and prevents our own attaingood points of our brother's house and his opporment.

tunities than our own. Our neighbor's abilities are God did not say that we should not have a better

magnified in our eyes while our own are minihouse or a more desirable wife or a newer automomized. We believe that bile than our neighbor,

his life is easier and but these can best be more satisfying. Our obtained by putting

neighbor seems to have blinders on our eyes so so many reasons to sucthat we will not indulge ceed; whereas, we have in this forbidden, soulso many causing us to destroying, successde-

fail. We can see clearly stroying practice of

our own dingy windows concentration on those in sharp contrast to the things that are none of blazing gold of those our business.

across the valley. There are far better

This is because we ways of getting what we know more about our want. In Russell Conown shortcomings and When the mind climbs over the neighbor's well's great lecture,

the weaknesses to which fence, it turns its back on its own resources. "Acres of Diamonds,"he

our flesh is heir. But tells of Ali Hafed seektoo often we give more emphasis to our weakness than ing diamonds in distant lands, leaving actual "acres

we should, and thereby we develop in ourselves the of diamonds"in his own yard. That is about what

most widespread disease in the world—the inferiority we all do when we covet, for success is not across

complex. the ocean nor across the valley nor in New York nor

Too frequently we look at ourselves and our opporin Chicago—but in us.

"... the kingdom of God is within you."tunities through the wrong end of the telescope. We Jesus said,

are continually saying to ourselves, "If I could just (Luke 17:21.) Every man carries within himself the

be like so and so."Or, "If I had Bill's opportunities or very things that he seeks. If you seek faith, don't

Jim's brains, or Henry's money, or John's spirituality."look across the valley or waste your strength in envy

We fix our eyes upon our neighbor's advantages in of others—just look within yourself. For God has

such a way that we cannot see the good that is under already planted in your own heart the seeds of faith, our own noses. A little envy in the heart produces waiting only for you to make them grow. To covet

a strange kind of sightlessness in the eyes. destroys faith and weakens its practitioner.

Envy is one of those sins that we commit against One of the greatest abilities in life is to learn to do ourselves. It was to help save us from this that God with maximum effectiveness "the job that is under our

gave the tenth commandment. Out of the lightnings noses with the tools that are in our hands."Edward

and thunders of Sinai he said, "Thou shalt not covet."Roland Sill wrote a great poem which might well be

But just in case we might still miss the point he went considered supplemental reading for the tenth cominto some detail and said, "Thou shalt not covet thy mandment. He said:

neighbour's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his "There spread a cloud of dust along a plain;

ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbour's."And underneath the cloud, or in it, raged

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A furious battle, and men yelled, and swords A new army recruit once said to the general, "Where

Shocked upon swords and shields. A prince's banner is my foxhole?"The general said, "You are standing

Wavered, then staggered backward, hemmed by foes. in it. All you have to do is throw out the dirt."Each

one of us must find his own place and mature his own "A craven hung along the battle's edge, abilities. And in order for those abilities to serve us

And thought, 'Had I a sword of keener steelbest, we must believe in them—not in someone else's.

That blue blade that the king's son bears—but this Albert Einstein said, "There is one thing I am sure

Blunt thing!'He snapped and flung it from his hand, of, and that is the uniqueness of the individual."We

And lowering crept away and left the field. were never intended to be somebody else. Each of

us should find himself and be himself, his best self.

"Then came the king's son, wounded, sore bestead, We can only do our own growing most profitably

And weaponless, and saw the broken sword, when we keep our eyes and our minds on our own

Hiltburied in the dry and trodden sand, side of the fence. When the mind climbs over the

And ran and snatched it, and with battleshout neighbor's fence, it turns its back on its own resources.

Lifted afresh he hewed his enemy down, We thereby abandon our own interests and stand in

And saved a great cause that heroic day."the way of our own progress.

Our windows will shine brighter if we quit blockThe "craven"was weak, not in himself, but because ing out the sun. A good scouring with soap and water

he was envious and discouraged. He was looking for will also help. But we must first understand that

success outside of himself. The king's son was sucthe most desirable person for you to be is you., "No

cessful with a half of the sword that the craven threw one else can do the work God has marked out for away, because he made the best of his own circumyou."Covetousness is just as harmful now as in the

stances. The poem says in spirit, "Thou shalt not days of Sinai.

covet thy neighbor's sword nor his position in the The craven broke his sword and left the field because battle, but learn to trust thine own strength, to be his thoughts were with the sword of the king's son true to the best that God has implanted within thee."rather than his own sword, and the opportunities

Or as Shakespeare said, "... to thine own self be true, toward which it pointed. Our swords are not of

and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst much use when our minds are not behind them. We

not then be false to any man."( Hamlet, Act I, scene 3. also destroy our own enthusiasm and ambition when

If we use our own sword to its best advantage, life our attention is monopolized in admiring the golden will give us almost any place in the battle that we windows across the valley rather than cleaning up desire. Certainly it will give us the place that is our own.

equal to our ability to fill. Life will also give us a When we covet, we usually isolate our neighbor's

longer sword when we have learned to use well the strength to compare with our weakness, and in each one that we already have. case we finish the picture ( Continued on page 853

THE WANDERING TRAIL

by Georgia Moore Eberling

This is the wandering trail, and still it calls:

The shaded pathway and the cool retreat;

The brook runs free; the filmy cataract falls;

And there is refuge from the city's beat.

Here loving skies are like a bluebird's wing;

The columbine grows tall and fragrantfair;

You hear the plumy pines forever sing

While fragrance drifts upon the scented air.

Now far aloft the guarding mountains stand

Above the forests of dark spruce and pine,

Grave sentinels that watch the valley land

From that farflung and whiteplumed sentry line.

This is the trail and here is Edencalm

That soothes the restless heart like holy psalm.

NOVEMBER 1959 811

A

| Activity in the Church is the means of bringing will result in the call of more and better qualified salvation to every soul. It is traditional with us as missionaries?

Latterday Saints to look forward to all kinds of First, certain goals should be set, such as: 1. That

Church service as we help to establish and build the every qualified and worthy young man should be kingdom of God here on earth. called on a mission when he reaches 20 years of age

One of the most important phases of our entire or soon thereafter; 2. That a selected group of young

Church activity is that of missionary work. For years women who are 23 years of age or older and who

it has been the hope of many young men to go on do not have any present marital prospects may be missions, make a great contribution to the Church called as missionaries; 3. That some mature and

in bringing the message of the gospel to those who experienced couples whose families are reared (and now are without it, and incidentally receive for themwho, perhaps, have their own cars which they could selves the faith and testimony and broadening experitake) should be called.

ence which only a mission can give. To help create the tradition for missionary service

But there are some families who allow their young which will lead to the attainment of these goals, many men to grow up without that tradition in their minds. things can and should be done by parents, bishops,

Because father or mother may not have served a misstake presidents, auxiliary officers, seminary leaders, sion, they fail to plant in the hearts of their sons the quorum officers, and others in the stakes and wards.

importance of going on missions. This is unfortunate, Certainly the building of a missionary tradition and

because every young man, and some young women, consciousness begins at home. Parents should strive

should be given this opportunity. to get their young sons to feel that they have a reWith this in mind, it is important that we build a sponsibility to carry the message of the restoration

missionary tradition in every stake in the Church, a to our Father's other children, and that the Lord will tradition which will result in the call of every worthy bless and prosper them spiritually, intellectually, and and qualified young man into the fulltime missionary educationally in a marvelous way if they will serve service. There is a stake in the Salt Lake Valley which on missions.

has about 6600 members and which keeps approxiYoung men should know and believe what the Lord mately 100 missionaries in the fulltime service at told some early converts in the Church, in these words all times. There are other stakes, similarly situated, "... behold, I say unto you, that the thing which will

stakes with as many young people and as much be of the most worth unto you will he to declare refinancial strength, which do not maintain anywhere pentance unto this people, that you may bring souls near this many missionaries. There are wards from unto me, that you may rest with them in the kingdom

which virtually every 20year-old brother has gone on a of my Father."(D & C 15:6; italics added.)

mission for a period covering many years. There are Prayers in the home, both secret and family prayers,

other wards, not dissimilar in circumstances, from should contain the earnest petition that male family which less than a third of the young men get calls members become qualified and worthy and may reas foreign missionaries. ceive calls to serve on missions. Family discussions

What should be done in the stakes and wards to at the dinner table, during home evenings, and at other build the missionary consciousness and tradition which times should center around the importance of mis812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

KkAi/i

MEIHEDEK

PRIESTHOOD "Go Fe into '?vtm

All the World"

sionary service. Stories breathing the missionary spirit ordained deacons, teachers, or priests. These intershould be told. Children might well open savings views should be preparatory in nature and should

accounts in which they lay away funds for use when point the attention of the young men toward the day called on foreign missions. The gospel should be when they will be given thorough, searching interstudied, the Book of Mormon read, and the whole views as to morality and other matters in connection

program of the Church followed. with possible missionary service.

All the organizations of the Church should join Young men, as well as older persons, who do not with the parents in teaching prospective missionaries meet the health requirements for rigorous physical the eternal worth of the souls of those who have not work in the mission fields may well be asked to serve yet received the gospel. on stake or regional missions. Many young men might

"Remember the worth of souls is great in the sight well gain missionary experience in stake missions of God; prior to the receipt of calls into the fulltime field.

"For, behold, the Lord your Redeemer suffered All of the auxiliary organizations can do more to death in the flesh; wherefore he suffered the pain breathe a missionary spirit. The missionary training

of all men, that all men might repent and come unto course in Sunday School, similar courses at Brigham him. Young University and other Church schools, seminary

"And he hath risen again from the dead, that he training and considerable personal study are all of might bring all men unto him, on conditions of regreat worth. We could well sing more missionary

pentance. songs in our various meetings, such as: "Ye Elders of

"I'll Go "And how great is his joy in the soul that repenteth! Israel,""Ye Who Are Called to Labor,"and

Where You Want Me To Go."

"Wherefore, you are called to cry repentance unto

Priesthood quorums should train their members for this people.

missionary service. It would be appropriate for

"And if it so be that you should labor all your days quorum members to study the various items of proselytin crying repentance unto this people, and bring, ing literature. Experience in cottage meetings may be

save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your gained by working with inactive members.

joy with him in the kingdom of my Father! One of the most needed helps that can be rendered

"And now, if your joy will be great with one soul by quorums is financial aid. If brethren and sisters

that you have brought unto me into the kingdom of cannot fully support themselves or be cared for by my Father, how great will be your joy if you should their families, it is proper for priesthood quorums or bring many souls unto me!"(Ibid., 18:1016; italics others to help to the extent necessary, but not more.

added.) Quorums can properly aid their own members, or

Every bishop in the Church should conduct an active Church members from other areas, and they have a and energetic campaign not only to get every qualified standing invitation to contribute their surplus missionand worthy young man into the mission field, but also ary funds to the First Presidency, who use them to to qualify and assure the worthiness of each such help missionaries in foreign nations whose economic brother. Young men should be interviewed frequently circumstances preclude the possibility of missionary

by their bishops and particularly when they are to be service without this help. (Continued on page 850)

NOVEMBER 1959 813 <4f4PG4(/A

the islands and over the rapids—that Andre had

disappeared and was likely dead. Then as my grogginess wore off the enormity of the tragedy hit me

squarely. Andre and twothirds of our irreplaceable

equipment had been swallowed up in the treacherous DOWN THE NILE river. The ambitious FrenchAmerican Nile Expediby John M. Goddard tion was finished before it had barely gotten underPart II way, and after only one month in Africa! I could see

the officials smugly shaking their heads and saying,

Synopsis: "What did we tell you!"I wondered what the wellBeginning the 4,160 mile kayak safari down the meaning district commissioner would think who, back

ancient Nile River, John Goddard and his two French in Kakitumba, had so strongly urged us to give up our companions, Jean LaPorte and Andre Davy travel to Kagera venture. He had graciously wished us luck

Lake Victoria from the source of the Kagera River when he saw that we were obdurate and had given (Kasumo Springs). us confidence by requesting a report on what we saw

After close calls from herds of hippopotami the and experienced along the way.

three adventurers are separated in attempting to When I had enough energy I floundered through navigate a dangerous group of islands and rapids. the jungle of papyrus and undergrowth to the steep

John, after a brush with death, is reunited with Jean bank, then crawled on hands and knees to the top but Andre is still missing. to search for our lost comrade, while Jean crossed the

river to do the same on the opposite bank. My boots

For a moment or two my numb brain, whirling were heavy with absorbed water and encumbered with shock and confusion, couldn't grasp the grim me so that I paused to remove them along with my fact that Jean was the only one who had safely passed soaked shirt, then continued barefooted. I picked up

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a game trail along the bank and followed it upstream anxious gaze but the boiling flood sweeping along towards the roar of the rapids, stumbling and nearly through the jungle of papyrus below us, with hundreds falling several times as I sought to cast off the effects of black swallows tirelessly milling over the surface of my ordeal. My entire body was so numbly inmaking little splashes as they fearlessly skimmed and

capacitated I scarcely had control over it. I felt like darted. All the evidence pointed to a dreadful cer-

a postoperative patient coming out of the ether. My tainty I couldn't bring myself to accept—that Andre

ears, clogged with water, throbbed and rang deafenhad drowned.

ingly; I even had trouble focusing my eyes. I had to After a hopeless hour we postponed the search

stop to retch up the stomachful of silty water I had temporarily to salvage my kayak before it could break swallowed while underwater, further aggravating the away from its resting place. The boat had lodged

stricture in my throat which was making me gasp for near the left bank so in order to reach it I was forced air. to enter the river again and swim across. A feat that

Staggering along in my wretched condition I made filled me with terror at the mere thought! For awhile

my way back to the scene of our disaster without I didn't think I would have either the nerve or the glimpsing a sign of Andre. I experienced a brief stamina to cover even this short distance. But steeling

sense of elation when I spied my kayak at the foot of myself I slipped cautiously into the river and, utilizing the cascade, floating bottomup against a reedy bar. the vigorous current, worked my way to the other

Over the tumult of the water I heard Jean shouting shore.

for Andre, and soon after found my voice and was Jean and I splashed to the islet, righted the boat able to join in. after much maneuvering and drained the water out.

We called and searched for more than an hour, My spirits sank even lower when I opened the supbut to no avail; Andre had vanished. No response to posedly waterproof camera case and found it half

our shouts, just the sound of the clamorous rapids filled and my two cameras sopping wet. In addition

and the chittering of monkeys; nothing to meet our five hundred feet of exposed colored film containing

NOVEMBER 1959 815 scenes never before photographed lay ruined under water and, he told us later, when we didn't show up, several inches of murky water. One of the primary he was afraid we had perished, too. He had piled

objectives of the expedition was to make a thorough up in the midst of the ugliest part of the rocky cascade photographic record of the Nile Basin, but now our and could never have swum to safety on his own. Had

first efforts, which had entailed an enormous amount he attempted to reach shore either in his shattered of drudgery, were spoiled and the main movie camera, kayak or by swimming, he undoubtedly would have one of the finest obtainable, was put out of commisbeen mangled on the jagged black rocks.

sion. I realized with sinking heart that the closest Yelling instructions to Andre we had him tie a rock

place where we could have the cameras and lenses to his kayak mooring line and heave it over to us.

properly renovated was Nairobi in Kenya, over 700 Jean and I anchored the line firmly around a clump miles away. of papyrus then held our breath as he settled down

When we had finished with our salvage operation, in his badly damaged boat and cautiously pushed away

I forced myself to climb in and push off downstream from the rocks. When he was completely free, we

towards the hippo wallow where Jean had beached commenced reeling him toward us as fast as we could, his kayak, using my aluminum paddle which he had using all our strength in a crucial tug of war with recovered from the river after I had upset. By snatchthe madly racing torrent which washed over the frail

ing hold of the solidly rooted papyrus every few yards I was able to control my speed and keep the raging flood from capturing the kayak in its deadly grip. I had a bad scare when I nearly caused the

delicately balanced shell to tip over by my nervous grabbings. With pounding heart, I nosed into the

gloomy runway in the green sedge and tied up next to Jean's boat.

While waiting for Jean to join me, I cleaned the camera and other doused equipment as best I could, wiping them dry with a big red bandana which I had used around my head as a sunshade, then hiked up the bank to set them in the sun to dry. As I sat on

the bank slapping at a swarm of hungry tsetse flies sorrowfully wondering how I could face Andre's family to explain to them what had happened, I heard

Jean crashing through the thick brush above the craft. We had pulled Andre almost to shore when his

reeds obviously excited. He bounded up to me with kayak, its back broken in the collision with the rocks,

a whoop of joy and immediately dispelled my gloom folded at the center allowing the rushing water to with the wonderful news that he had found Andre flood in and engulf it. Andre was spilled out but

alive! He didn't stop to explain how or where but made a lucky grab for the rope just in time to keep

rushed me to his kayak, untied it, and began ferrying from being carried away. While Jean plunged through

us across the river. When we landed Jean led me the dense papyrus to help Andre out of the water, I

with rapid strides over the same trail I had followed held fast. to the line, my arms nearly pulled out of

previously during the fruitless hunt for Andre. After their sockets by the swamped boat.

reaching the rapids we plowed our way through the When I couldn't hold a moment longer, Andre morass to the water's edge where we looked out over heaved himself out and began assisting Jean with the the thundering cascade and beheld a sight that made kayak, releasing me from my intolerable burden. The

us feel like cheering—our personable companion, Anrescue a success we flopped wearily down on a matdre, whom we had feared dead, nonchalantly waving tress of cushv reeds for a few minutes'rest, but were

to us from a cramped mass of rock a hundred feet soon stung into activity again by a hotbed of biting from shore where he had crashed his kayak! I felt insects. The three of us stamped a path through the

profound relief and thanksgiving at finding Andre obstinate papyrus, a miniature forest of emerald green alive and unharmed. towering fifteen feet over our heads, then wrestled

We had not been able to see our marooned colleague the battered boat and the baggage through to dry during our search because he had smacked into the land above. We were completely exhausted by the

rocks in the center of a blind spot where the right strenuous exertion, but the real misery came from bank formed a horseshoe curve around the rapids. the kamikaze attacks of the Bug Air Corps, numberless

He was unable to hear our shouts over the roaring squadrons of which tor- (Continued on page 877)

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA strong reinforcements to the foundations of each individual's maturing character, all safeguard the structure of family life and defy any possible inroads from that malicious species of termite erroneously namedjuvenile delinquency.

If regular family poetryreading-sessions take place before an open fire, so much the better. But lacking

an actual fire, the togetherness of the family and an innerpotency in the lift from the poetry itself, will generate a warmth and contentment beyond a set market price.

However, books of poetry on a dustcovered shelf in

Poetry thebooksellers'home, ordisplay,volumescanleftdo innothinglonely toisolationstimulatein thethe mind and stir the spirit of parents and children to better awareness of the best in life.

Nor can such neglect of poetry broaden their unPays derstanding of the meaning of life until it inspires reverence for the One who created us for the unique privilege of enjoying the dividends from his gifts of a Dividends, wonderful world and an abundant wellbeing for the people he created.

The poorest economy of all is that poetry which Too is left unopened in yellowing pages on a freelibrary shelf, when those poems of truth and courage could by Marel Brown so easily and inexpensively become a part of everyday enrichment. Such poor judgment is much like

cash hoarded in a miser's sock—unspent and uninvested—when it could be accumulating dividends of

Cultivating family love for poetry is a worthwhile sparkle and verve that compound with sureness to a investment parents can make for their children, for sizable wealth.

poetry pays daily dividends, too. The interest is added A bank account of poetry enjoyment that is surethrough a richer, happier family life every time a fire insurance for better family life, may begin with

book of poetry is opened, and read. a mere piggybank full of pennysize understanding;

Best of all, to the investing parents, poetry does not yet no initial outlay is too small. Success, deeper

require withdrawals for expensive repairs, costly addiappreciation, and increasing wealth come after the tions, or budgetwrecking purchases for dayby-day first book is opened.

needs. A few dollars a year of actual cash for poetry Such a family reading habit flourishes by regularity.

books for constant home use, plus a regular applicaLove and understanding of poetry unfold with familtion of family reading time, will result in mounting iarity, until black lines from added book openings values to the spirit that will challenge the computing and dividends from awakened hearts, form a systematic ability of any ultramodern business machine. pattern on succeeding pages in the ledger of life.

The resulting happiness from reading and loving Poetry reading, for parents and for children, is a poetry, the visible improvements as readers begin to wise investment. Satisfied customers prove it, and

see "poetry"in many details of routine activity, and recommend it for every day of family living.

NOVEMBER 1959 81T:.-\p

Ward Teaching Supplement—The Importance of Doing Our Best

Some two to three billion people inhabit this rather remarkable little sphere toe call earth. No two of them are exactly alike; each has attributes and characteristics which

make him an individual, distinct and distinguishable from his fellows.

This diversity has created a very interesting world, in which none of us can do everything well, but each of us can do something well.

Often it seems to us that these talents have not been equally distributed; that somewhere along the line

we got less than our share. Instead of bemoaning our lot, how much better it would be if we made the most

of that which we have been given. William James, the late psychologist, made the observation after long

and intense study, that in his opinion the average person never utilizes more than ten percent of his potential.

He has, claimed James, a multitude of powers and abilities he fails to use, and of whose existence he is often not even aware.

We would do well to learn from the comment of this great thinker and make the most of the gifts we have. For this will be the basis of our judgment. (See the parable of the talents, Matt. 25:1430.)

Working, growing, doing—these are in themselves a great part of religion. That religion which claims our

allegiance is not of the great incarnate "Thou shalt not"but rather a very emphatic affirmation of the greatness of doing, of working out our salvation. Altogether too often we allow opportunities to slide by, thinking

we can attain exaltation by a mere avoidance of the more obvious sins. This line of thought is not only wrong,

it is also dangerous; we must learn to work and grow. And this we should learn here and now, for we shall

be working and growing throughout all eternity. We must take advantage of all opportunities that present

themselves; let us learn from the story of Mohammed and the mountain, and go to them.

Just as our gifts are different, so are our callings in life. Although the commandments and laws of the

gospel are pretty allinclusive, the Lord does not expect exactly the same of each of us. But each of us

knows pretty much what he does expect in our case. Let us do our very best in those tasks which are ours;

through this we will find growth and joy. These alone, aside from all thoughts of eternal compensations, are often

sufficient reward in themselves.

And as we work, let us regard the task we are working at as the most important thing in our lives as of that moment. For it is. Even if the project seems of less than monumental significance, let us give it our

whole heart and soul. Through doing little things well we grow to bigger things. If we do things—even

seemingly unimportant things—in a slipshod, halfhearted, goodenough-toget-by manner, we may have occasion to wish that we had done otherwise. Come what may, however, we shall never regret having done

our best.

Ward Teachers Have Tremendous Responsibility

For many decades now, ward teaching has been a the only real link homebound or inactive members vital part of the program of the Church. Our ward have with the Church.

teachers have done and are doing a splendid job in A ward teacher's calling is significant, his responsihelping bishoprics maintain proper contact with all bility great. No matter what else he does in the

members of the Church. They sometimes represent Church, this ranks with his most important assign818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ments. He should catch the greater vision of this take credit? Quite obviously, a phone call or a casual

work, and realize that it is much more than giving greeting on the steps of the chapel does not. It is

lessons, filling out forms, and sitting through report not necessary, however, that the teachers go into the meetings. He should be aware that he is responsible home itself—the lawn or patio is every bit as good if

to the bishop and to the Lord for the temporal and the family is there. Occasionally it will not be possible

spiritual welfare of every family in his district. even to go to the home. Suppose, for instance, that

He is instructed to visit his families at least once a a member boards with a nonmember family, and that month. This figure represents a minimum, not a the attitude of this family towards the Church is unmaximum. In times of sickness or adversity or other friendly to the point that they object to the teachers'

special circumstances, visits may be appropriate visits. In this case, an appointment with the member

weekly or even oftener. He must take a personal can be made, and the visit completed in the ward

interest in his families, and develop a definite sense house after a meeting or in another dwelling.

of responsibility towards them. Ward teachers find certain families difficult to

His visits as such should be more than the mere reach because they are seldom at home. It has been

repetition of a lesson. He should ascertain whether found in such cases that the making of an appointthe family has any special needs or problems. He ment in advance can alleviate this difficulty. Under

should leave a prayer in the home as well as an any circumstances, the making of appointments is a invitation to attend Sacrament and other Church meetcourtesy and should be encouraged.

ings. The lesson itself should be carefully and prayerTeachers should always do their work in pairs;

fully studied, given an individual touch by the teacher visiting alone is not in accordance with the wish of and adjusted to the personalities of his listeners. the General Authorities. When the visiting is comWard teachers often inquire: what constitutes and pleted, the results should be reported to the supervisors

what does not constitute a visit for which we may without unnecessary delay.

:-:::;i::: H-i>;fy;:::;.::il:::'. '-:.. I:;/:-:-:.:;!::: y-- lJmM>M%$'&%W& '- -- y[ --

Aaronic Priesthood Should Help Prepare Young Men for Missions

The program for Aaronic Priestthis knowledge. The Aaronic Priesthood program

hood bearers under twentyone presents many opportunities for testimony develophas many purposes, not the least ment; both the adviser and the priesthood bearer himof which is to help prepare our self should be cognizant of these.

young men for future activity and Through the activity of the priesthood, a young responsibility in the Church. One opportunity of Aaronic Priesthood bearer can become familiar with

service that many of them will have is that of fulthe various phases of the Church program. He can

filling a mission. Aaronic Priesthood advisers and develop an attitude of service and make a habit of

workers should keep this fact constantly in mind, accepting those calls that come to him. He can deand consciously help develop in these young men velop skills that he can use to great advantage in the

those skills and attributes which will serve them mission field and in life thereafter. Good examples

well in the event of a mission call. are the ability to meet and mingle with people and

How can an Aaronic Priesthood bearer prepare a proficiency in public speaking. Throughout his

himself for a mission? What contribution can adservice in the Aaronic Priesthood the future missionvisers and workers make to this preparation? ary gets many opportunities to express himself in

public. As a priest, he receives the opportunity to

A good missionary must have a comprehensive participate in cottage meetings. The value of this

knowledge of the gospel. Advisers can help him gain experience to a missionary can scarcely be overthis. His understanding of its principles must be both emphasized.

broad and deep enough that he can fluently explain The Aaronic Priesthood worker can help our young them to other people. men gain these skills and characteristics. Like the

He must not only know the gospel, he must also missionary himself, he can exert an influence for good gain a testimony of its, divinity. Too often missionthat may go far beyond what he himself sees or

aries wait until they get into the field before attaining imagines.

NOVEMBER 1959 819 Part II MODESTY the Hallmark of a Lady

by Elder Hugh B. Brown

Of the Council of the Twelve

Mutual respect and consideration are, next to fidelity speech or conduct.

and love, the most important stones in the foundation We honor and respect our cultured and refined of a happy home. Selfrespect is prerequisite to being young ladies and are grateful to them for upholding

respected by others. We are all judged and classified the high standards of true ladylike conduct which disby appearance and conduct. tinguished their mothers and grandmothers, despite the

In our youth conferences, Gold and Green balls, rugged pioneer conditions in which they lived.

and supervised sports, the modest and attractive attire We have no nostalgic yearning for "the good old of our young women has elicited the praise and addays."They had their time and place, and we appremiration of visitors in all lands where these distinctive ciate the distinctive example of our fathers and mothers

LDS functions are held. who met life's problems with notable success. Though

Most of our girls are innately modest in dress, the poet said, "Time makes ancient good uncouth,"speech, and conduct. Most of them still blush at our ancestors had some values, standards, and fashions

any accidental exposure and resent any unseemly or which were based on discriminating good sense, deep suggestive conversation. Certainly few of them are spiritual insight, and religious faith. These values

ever guilty of intentional immodesty or of unladylike do not change with time.

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

We commend the youth of the Church for upholdprophets, designated the body as the temple in which ing its standards and ideals as set forth by the Prophet the Holy Spirit may dwell. Any immodesty inducing

, Joseph Smith in the Articles of Faith: or causing others to have licentious thoughts is dese-

"We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevcration of that holy temple. Can you imagine an

olent, virtuous, and in doing good to all men; indeed, immodest Madonna?

we may say that we follow the admonition of Paul—We men would prefer that women do not imitate us

We believe all things, we hope all things, we have in dress or manners. We admire femininity and

endured many things, and hope to be able to endure protest against anything that makes women appear all things. If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of masculine or manlike—it detracts from their beauty. It

good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these is obvious that the more a girl looks like a boy the things."less she looks like a lady. God made you different

We deplore and denounce any fad or fashion which from us, and we prefer to have you keep your place waters down or makes insipid these soulsaving prinon the exalted pedestal of potential or actual motherciples of truth and idealism. hood. When hiking, horseback riding or in certain

The young women who wish to establish happy and sports, trousers for women may be permitted, but enduring homes will resist the downdrag of the subtle wearing tight, illfitting, and formemphasizing slacks, vices of pretense, vanity, and impropriety. They shorts, or sweaters on the streets or in public places

should seek the companionship of and emulate those is not in good taste. Shorts and "halters"are disgustwho are modest, refined, cultured, and respected. ing in any public place, and yet these ugly semiModern styles and social customs sometimes lure our coverings have gone from short and snug to shorter

young people into unsuspected and undesirable habits and tighter until modesty is dethroned.

of speech and dress. A tourist mother and daughter were recently seen

We wonder if our girls know what kind of females in a shoe store, both in short shorts. They sat down

they imitate when they immodestly expose their and waited to be served. There were two available

bodies to public view because it may be fashionable. male clerks, but neither appeared to notice them. The

They should know of the lewd, sinister, and sensuous manager also observed the waiting females and aldesigns of such females in these disgusting displays. lowed them to leave the store without being served.

If they knew the source of some modern fashions, He commended his clerks for having the modesty no sensible, selfrespecting girls would mimic their which the women lacked.

authors or risk the implications and deductions of But it is not the young women only who offend in immodest exposure and conduct. this respect. Some who are middle aged and buxom,

Also, if young women knew how good men, young older but not more decorous, look as if they had been and old, react to such exposures, we doubt if they poured, moltenlike, into socalled "slacks"or revealing would be so foolish and naive. The immodest revealshorts. Such people should be provided with portable

ing of the female form causes the lewd to leer and fourway mirrors so they could "see themselves as lust, decent men to blush and protest, while brothers others see them"and be covered at least with shame.

and fathers are embarrassed, offended, and alarmed. Simple decency calls for a little good sense in dress

Even lewd men have a certain disgust for nude women. and for privacy when semiundressed.

The exposing of the uncovered body to public view The demands of modesty and decency extend beis like a "for sale"notice indicating "cheap, shopworn, yond dress and appearance. Immodest, profane, or

or markeddown goods."In a mercantile establishvulgar speech, which leads so often to improper conment, such merchandise generally invites handling duct, is always reprehensible. Telling or even listenand is cheapened and soiled thereby. ing to unclean stories is like contaminating the air or

Decent men looking for wives and choosing mothers voluntarily inhaling germladen gas. They who are

for their children, reject the girls who make a public guilty of this offense are usually seeking to get attendisplay of their bodies. They want wives who will tion by making people laugh and thus become the

become examplars to their own daughters, and they "life of the party."They seem to forget that nothing

know immodesty is the first step toward unchastity. foul is funny and that though they for the moment

Modesty indicates moral integrity which is respected "have the floor"many of their captive listeners are by decent people everywhere. All true gentlemen offended and disgusted and they themselves listed as

honor and revere modest virgins and saintly mothers. socially repugnant.

God himself sanctified and glorified both virginity and The man or woman who is guilty of profanity, motherhood when he made them the vehicle for the swearing, or crude slang unwittingly reveals a soiled mortal advent of his Son. Also the Lord, through his mind and limited vocabu- ( Continued on page 876

NOVEMBER 1959 821 Conducted by

the Unified Church School System

LEADERSHIP

by James B. Allen

Associate Director, L. D. S. Institute of Religion at Utah State College

The Church teacher who stands before a

group of active, brighteyed students must

often be struck with the thought that before

him sits a group of young people who represent the destiny of the Church. Each one will

someday take his place on the rolls of the Church as a teacher, priesthood leader, auxiliary executive, scoutmaster, ward teacher, secretary, or, perchance, among the "inactive."Any one of the dozens of activities the Church has to offer is a position of leadershipit is a task that requires initiative, devotion, dependability, enthusiasm, and planning. What a compelling

thought it must be for the teacher to realize that every student in his class, from the most active participant to the most disinterested, noisy problem, is subject to a call to service, that this call might come at any time without warning, and that the ideas which he Sm \ affect not well very in a student's mind may leaves &:\a—S v. '8 assignment, the or reject to accept decision only his

but also his success or failure.

It is apparent that one teacher cannot actually j i -...

"train into"a particular student all the necessary requirements of successful leadership. There are

'JitIs certain attitudes and habits, however, which a Church '- t.

leader ought to have, and which an effective teacher can be instrumental in developing. Four items pertaining to leadership are here presented which are

within the scope of any classroom situation and merit the consideration of the teachers of the Church.

..-..::,..;:....;.: \i

/. A Concept of Leadership of his superiors, however, and attempted to persuade

his group to remain in California, the majority left

While it is true that outstanding leaders generally him and joined the main body of the Church in the have certain magnetic qualities which draw people to

Great Basin. He remained in California, printed San

them, and that they succeed through the use of individFrancisco's first newspaper, and became the "Golden ual initiative, it must be remembered that in the Church State's"first millionaire. He was capable and ener-

a person becomes a leader partly because he has long getic, but because he could not conform to one of been a member of the group and is imbued with its the most important standards of the Church, that perspectives and ideals. Our semidemocratic organof obedience to authority, he lost his opportunity for

ization requires its leaders to conform to the accepted leadership and, eventually, his membership in the standards of the Church as a whole. A top leader

Church. generally emerges only after he has developed such a

One of the finest contributions, then, that a Church positive relationship with his group that it is convinced teacher can make to the development of our futureof his ability to conduct its activities with a minimum leaders is to solidify their faith in the standards of of disagreement and friction. This is true in other

the Church. The old adage that "a good follower

kinds of organizations as well, as a standard text on makes a good leader"is especially true in this situapublic administration so aptly points out:

tion, and the classroom is one of the places where the "Leadership is now seen as a function in which the desire to "follow"can be most effectively taught.

leader is primarily a coordinator of collective effort, rather than a man apart, using extraordinary powers //. An Attitude for Leaders

of insight and dominance to manipulate group attiIt was Mahatma Gandhi who once said: "Man

tudes and behavior. Democratie leadership, espebecomes great in exactly the degree in which he

cially, is a group phenomenon in which the qualities works for the welfare of his fellow man."A teacher

of leadership are defined by group values. These will never be successful unless he has a sincere interprovide a pattern to which the leader must conform. est in each individual in his class. His students will

He cannot inflict leadership upon the groirp; instead have a better chance for success in their future callings

he must exhibit those particular aptitudes which it if he can fill them with a genuine concern for the already regards as essential."1 people of the Church.

That leadership cannot be "inflicted"on the Church Concern for others implies more than general n> is well illustrated by the pathetic story of Samuel terest in their salvation. It implies a genuine interest

Brannan. A brilliant and evidently faithful convert in their current lives—their friends, their hobbies, their

to the Church, Brannan became the leader of a group jobs, and their personal problems. For many people

of pioneers who sailed from New York to San Franthe most satisfying conversation they can have is cisco in 1846. As soon as he went against the counsel about themselves. A wellliked leader is most often

he who can recall names, ask intelligent questions-,

Tfiffnei, John M. and Presthus, R. Vance, Public Administration

(New York: 1953), pp. 6667. and discuss another per- ( Continued on page 867

NOVEMBER 1959 82J /+ w - y* V f—-*4

OIn

by President David O. McKay

I am inviting you, first, to become acquainted There is a very clear exposition at once of two with the apostles of Jesus Christ in the Merididivine Personages in the Godhead—God the

an of Time to the extent that lies within our Father to whom Christ prayed, God the Son who power to become acquainted with them, and, had the responsibility of establishing the gospel second, to consider their special calling as it was in the Meridian of Time and throughout all ages.

given to them by the Savior.

The first important point to note is the prayer- "And when it was day, he called unto him his fulness with which Christ approached the choosdisciples: and of them he chose twelve, whom

ing of his twelve. If you will read in the sixth also he named apostles."(Ibid., 6.T3.)

chapter of Luke from the twelfth to the sixteenth verses, you will find there a very brief account Some have asked whether the number twelve of Christ's choosing the twelve. The twelfth has any significance. I believe it had. The

verse, especially, is significant: people to whom Jesus first came were the

descendants of the twelve tribes of Israel. They

"And it came to pass in those days, that he were looking forward to an earthly king, as well went out into a mountain to pray, and continued as to one who would stand at the head of these all night in prayer to God."twelve tribes. It is not clearly stated anywhere

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the scriptures whether Jesus chose the twelve best known among his associates, but Christ because there were twelve tribes of Israel, but called him Cephas, which in the Hebrew means the implication is that he did. rock or stone, and in the Greek the meaning of

If you will turn to the Doctrine and Covenants, stone or rock is Petros or Peter. It is significant

section 29, verse 12, you will find the following: that the Savior recognized in Peter that rocklike, granitelike quality, and his "wavering"later

"And again, verily, verily, I say unto you, and did not belie that character.

it hath gone forth in a firm decree, by the will Andrew was his brother. These men were

of the Father, that mine apostles, the Twelve fishermen.

which were with me in my ministry at Jerusalem, James and John were sons of Zebedee; their

shall stand at my right hand at the day of my mother's name was Salome; and she was proud

coming in a pillar of fire, being clothed with of her boys. James and John were known as

robes of righteousness, with crowns upon their the "Sons of Thunder."One illustration in the

heads, in glory even as I am, to judge the whole Bible tells us that when Jesus and the twelve house of Israel, even as many as have loved me came through Samaria at one time, they were and kept my commandments, and none else."treated with disrespect to such an extent that

James and John rebelled against the treatment

It is a fact that that number was chosen, the and said, "Lord, wilt thou that we command group consisted of twelve, that it was so during fire to come down from heaven, and consume

Christ's ministry among men. As far as we can them, even as Elias did?"(Luke 9:54.) That

find in the Acts of the Apostles it continued to is not the loving nature usually attributed to be so. It is very difficult to find out whether John, is it? As a matter of fact, he was a fearevery vacancy that occurred was filled, thus less man, unyielding for the right. James becontinuing the exact number of twelve, but we came the first martyr of the Church, and therein

do know that the first vacancy made by Judas he showed his magnificent character. Old

Iscariot was filled before the work was taken up, Herod set his enmity and revenge upon James.

and we can readily infer that that policy was James was betrayed by one of the soldiers, continued throughout the ministry of the twelve; who, as he looked upon James and saw his

at any rate in this Dispensation of the Fulness character, repented, so tradition tells us, asked of Times the Lord again chose twelve, and he forgiveness, and died with the first great martyr.

also chose twelve from among the Nephites who There are several James names, so keep this were known as disciples (see 3 Nephi 12:1; one in mind—James, the son of Zebedee, brother

15:1112), so it would seem that there is some of John the Beloved. He was "James the Great,"

significance to the number as it relates to the chosen as one of the first twelve.

council. Philip is next. Philip, of whom little is

If you read one account in the New Testaknown, was a native of Bethsaida. Tradition

ment, you will find certain names; you read says he preached in Phrygia and died in

another, and you find other names; you read a Hierapolis. He is not the Philip who preached

third, and you will have still a different list. the gospel in Samaria. (Acts 8:5.)

Follow me now, just for a moment. Luke Bartholomew is next. Bartholomew untells us that the first apostle the Savior chose doubtedly is the same as Nathanael, whom

was Simon. (Luke 5:10.) Simon, son of Jona Philip sought when Philip first became ac-

(John 1:42), was the name by which he was quainted with the Savior, and Bartholomew is

undoubtedly the Nathanael, in referring to from James the son of Zebedee, was a son of whom Jesus said, "Behold an Israelite indeed, Alphaeus. Alphaeus was a common name, so

in whom there is no guile!"(John 1:47.) he might not be the same as Matthew's father.

Matthew the publican, as he styles himself "James the Less"must not be confused, how- (Matt. 10:3), was the son of Alphaeus. We do ever, with James the brother of the Lord. We

not know whether that Alphaeus was the father cannot find anywhere that James "the brother of James or not. If so, they were brothers, but of the Lord"was sustained as one of the twelve.

this we cannot determine. Matthew was the It cannot be proved, but he might have been

son of Alphaeus, and as a collector of customs at chosen to succeed "James the Great,"we do not

Capernaum on the Sea of Galilee became known know. If he did not believe at first in the divine

as "the publican."He associated with the commission of his brother, he did accept Jesus after

mon people, who were looked down upon by the resurrection. "James the Less,"is not the

the Jews. He was also known as Levi. author of the "Epistle according to James."The

Thomas, surnamed "Didymus,"which means author of this epistle was the Lord's brother who a twin, was also chosen at this time. sat in the council in Jerusalem when the primitive

Now we come to those whose identity it is a Church was threatened with destruction over little difficult to determine. Another James, some question about Jews and Gentiles.

known as "James the Less"to distinguish him Following "James the Less"we have Simon the

About the Painters PETER R4UL RUBENS, GIOVANNI RATTISTA CAREONE

Scores of the world's great paintings in the field of religious art were reviewed by the Era editors and art directors before the twelve presented on the following pages were selected.

Peter Paul Rubens, the Flemish master (15771640), executed eleven of the paintings. Of Rubens it has been

written: "His work done after the age of thirty is uniformly wonderful for his power over all his materials, and all

the different processes which enter into paintings on a larger scale. His tendency to excess of action does not seem

to imply a headlong or selfforgetful mood; he seems to have been always master of himself, and his paintings

were always popular (that is, in sympathy with his times), in style and management. He became in this way the

typical artist of his epoch and the most admired master, the man chosen for great state undertakings in art."

Giovanni Battista Carlone, who painted "Peter,"was a member of an Italian family of distinguished artists who flourished in the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. He was born in Genoa in 1592, and died

in Turin in 1677. For years he painted in Genoa but ultimately entered the services of the Duke of Savoy. "Peter"

is reproduced with permission of the DeYoung Memorial Museum in San Francisco.

Nine of the eleven paintings by Rubens are individual portraits and hang in the Prado Museum in Madrid,

Spain. The painting of "Judas"is a detail from "The Last Supper,"which hangs in the Brera Museum in Milan,

Italy. The painting which is used to represent "James the Less"is a detail from "Christ's Charge to Peter"and

is reproduced by permission of the trustees of the Wallace Collection, London, England.

So that these masterpieces might be reproduced as faithfully as possible, no attempt has been made to eliminate the cracks in the canvas which show in some of the paintings.

Peter

-<%o.

w.

John the Beloved Philip Bartholomew S:m m

Thomas &R

James the Less

Simon

Judas Iseariot

Zelotes, or Simon the Canaanite—both are the submerged in the great sea of humanity, just as

same; in fact, the Canaanite is the Aramaic word a rock thrown into the sea is gone.

for Zealot; so Simon the Zealot was probably, beWhat about the ministry of the twelve? We

fore he met Jesus, a member of the sect of the are told that they were ordained and set apart.

Zealots, a sort of voluntary ecclesiastical police The inference in Matthew is that the Savior not to see that the law was not broken with impunity. only ordained them, or authorized them, but he

We know very little about him; he is the least also qualified them to have power over unclean

known of the twelve apostles. spirits, over diseases, over those spirits which

Then we come to Judas, or Jude. Do not were troubling the people, and sent them forth

confuse him with another Judas, for we have two authoritatively commissioned to represent him, in the twelve. Judas was the brother of James. the Author of life. Two great objectives he set

Now this man was called Lebbaeus and also clearly before these twelve. If you will read in

Thaddaeus. Authorities are not agreed whether Matthew, chapter ten, you will find the instruche is the same as our Lord's brother Judas, author tions given to the twelve when Christ first sent

of the Epistle of Jude. them out.

Then finally we come to Judas Iscariot—Judas Note that the first commission Christ gave his

of Kerioth, the betrayer who sold his master and apostles related to a temporary mission and that his Christ for thirty pieces of silver. Within is covered from the fifth to the fifteenth verses

hours his own life ended as a suicide, and he was of the tenth chapter of Matthew: "Go not into

laid in potter's field, his life forgotten save for the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the his great betrayal. Samaritans enter ye not:

Peter was a fisherman; so was Andrew; so "But go rather to the lost sheep of the house

were James and John. I believe Nathanael was; of Israel."(Idem, 5-6.) See how he circumJudas Iscariot was not. I think Simon the Zealot scribed them! In effect he said, "That is your

was not, but they were humble men. Matthew mission now, only to the lost sheep of the house

was a collector of customs. of Israel, not to the Samaritans who are looked

Why call these men great? Few men in our upon with distrust by the Jews because they

community are more humble than these men turned away from the teachings of Judah."No

were, and yet nearly two thousand years later Samaritan was to receive the gospel under the people of the world consider these men great. first commission.

I will tell you why they were great—simply The second part is found from the sixteenth

because they accepted the teachings and ideals to the twentythird verses of the tenth chapter of Jesus Christ. They were not great in the of Matthew. This relates more to the gospel

realm of finance; they were not great politically; ministry of that time. Here Jesus refers to some

they were not great authors; but in the realm of the principles general in application—one of

of character they were supremely great, and them is "lose yourself for the good of others."

that is encouraging to me, and to you. No occuThen in the third part from verses twentyfour

pation is so humble, no labor so common, as to to fortytwo, Christ gave the broader application.

prevent a man from entering into that realm of The injunction "Go ye... and teach all nations"

true greatness. The only reason the apostles are (Ibid., 28:19) was given after his death and

known to the world today is because of their after his resurrection. Note the difference: first,

loyalty to Christ and his gospel. If it had not an immediate mission, second, a gospel of genbeen for that, they would have been unknown, eral application, and third, a universal assignment with a promise. Upon them he placed "Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing

the responsibility of carrying the gospel to the them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, world. These instructions the twelve carried out and of the Holy Ghost.

specifically and at first held strictly to their call- "... and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto

ing that they must go only to the Jews and not the end of the world."(Matt. 28:1920.)

to the Gentiles. That was their ministry—to bear witness to

After Christ was crucified, Peter and the others the divinity of the gospel of Jesus Christ, to carried on the work, and they refrained, even Jews first, then to Samaritans and Gentiles and then, from going to the Samaritans or to the everyone.

Gentiles. You remember that God sent to Peter The second duty of the apostles was to bear

a vision of a certain vessel as if it were a sheet witness to the reality of the resurrection of Jesus that came down from heaven, and on it was Christ. That seems simple to you and me, beforbidden meat. And he heard a voice say, cause most of us have accepted it since baby-

"Rise, Peter; kill, and eat,"and he said: "I have hood, but it is not simple to the world today.

never eaten any thing that is unclean"(Acts Millions reject it.

10:1314), and while he had the vision there Note what Peter said when the eleven met

were knocking at the door two messengers from after Judas had killed himself. They had passed

Cornelius, a leader of a Roman band (not a through some of the most trying experiences, brass band, as one Sunday School teacher said), discouragement, and doubt. "Wherefore of these

a leader of the centurions—one hundred soldiers. men,"said Peter, "which have companied with

Note that this came to Peter, who was head of us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and the twelve, and not to Paul. Paul was the out among us,

apostle of the Gentiles, but when the gospel "Beginning from the baptism of John, unto went to the Gentiles it was given through the that same day that he was taken up from us, organized authority of the Church. So Peter, must one be ordained to be a witness with us

guided by the messengers, went into the house of his resurrection."(Acts 1:2122.) The man

of a Gentile, a Roman centurion, contrary to the whom you choose to take Judas'place must be

Jewish practice. Now that was not easy for a one who will be a witness with us of the resurJew to do, and he sat down and ate with them, rection. There is a commission! There is no

and do you know how he became convinced theory about it; it is a reality.

that he was doing right? He perceived that Shortly after that Peter and John passed a lame

Cornelius had the Holy Ghost as well as he, man sitting at the temple gate. He had been

one exception in the New Testament where carried there from babyhood, and day after day the Holy Ghost was given before baptism. Seeing from boyhood to manhood had begged alms

this, Peter said:'"Can any man forbid water, from those who went into the temple. Holding

that these should not be baptized, which have out his hand he asked Peter and John for alms.

received the Holv Ghost as well as we?"(Idem, Peter answered: "Silver and gold have I none;

47.) but such as I have give I thee: In the name of

That first commission of Christ's when Peter Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk."

was chosen, remained with him even up to that (Ibid., 3:6.) And the man, lame from his

day. Then it began to dawn on him, and it mother's womb, so the Bible tells us, sprang to

dawned on Paul and others, that there was sighis feet and walked with them into the temple.

nificance in the commission of Christ to them: This became known throughout Jerusalem.

For this act, and for preaching "resurrection them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerufrom the dead,"Peter and John were arrested salem; and we cannot deny it.

and placed in prison. Next day they were "But that it spread no further among the peobrought before the high priests, and the rulers, ple, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak

and elders, and scribes, who asked, "By what henceforth to no man in this name.

power, or by what name, have ye done this?""And they called them, and commanded them

(Ibid., 4:7. ) That is one of the most magnificent not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.

scenes in all history. Picture Peter and John, "But Peter and John answered and said unto

prisoners, facing dignified, robebedecked, prejthem, Whether it be right in the sight of God to udiced judges, some of whom perhaps had partichearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.

ipated in sending Christ to his death, and who "For we cannot but speak the things which might not hesitate to sentence, if possible, Peter we have seen and heard."(Ibid., 4:1020.)

and John to the same fate. There stood the man I want to bring to your attention another testihealed though he had been lame from birth. The mony concerning the reality of the resurrection.

apostles were commanded to tell by what power It is given by Paul. He, too, was an apostle,

this miracle had been wrought, and in an atthough you cannot find that he was ever sustained mosphere impregnated with prejudice, Peter as one of the council.

boldly declared: Now whether Paul was a member or whether

he was not, we are not going to say, but he was "Be it known unto you all, and to all the peoan apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ, and a witple of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of ness of his resurrection. This is what he wrote

Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised deliberately to a group of saints known as Cofrom the dead, even by him doth this man stand rinthians: "For I delivered unto you first of all

here before you whole. that which I also received, how that Christ died

"This is the stone which was set at nought of for our sins according to the scriptures:

you builders, which is become the head of the "And that he was buried, and that he rose corner: again the third day according to the scriptures:

. "Neither is there salvation in any other: for "And that he was seen of Cephas [Peter],

there is none other name under heaven given then of the twelve:

among men, whereby we must be saved. "After that, he was seen of above five hundred

"Now when they saw the boldness of Peter brethren at once; of whom the greater part reand John, and perceived that they were unmain unto this present, but some are fallen

learned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and asleep.

they took knowledge of them, that they had "After that, he was seen of James; then of all

been with Jesus. the apostles.

"And beholding the man which was healed "And last of all he was seen of me also, as of standing with them, they could say nothing one born out of due time.

against it. "For I am the least of the apostles, that am

"But when they had commanded them to go not meet to be called an apostle, because I perseaside out of the council, they conferred among cuted the church of God."(I Cor. 15:3-9.)

themselves, An apostle's duty as commissioned is to be a "Saying, What shall we do to these men? for special witness of the Lord Jesus Christ, to bear

that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by witness to his doctrine, of its effect upon mankind.

NOVEMBER 1959 841 still politically independent and culturally different, points to American sincerity in its goal of freedom.

of Main Duck Island, for that is what His This master they call it, although you may not find it on the map, knew this as he knew the irritations in Canada related in continental defense, geography, Beloved to U.S. "dominance"

business, culture, and trade. Canadians are hopping

mad when their Canadian money is refused, sometimes with scant courtesy, and the like. But behind the

facade that often ruffles feelings, we know we are by C. Frank Steele among friends and neighbors, and we really like them,

even the "ugly American."

This distinguished American of whom we speak probably knew, as did the late President Franklin D.

This is really the story of an island in Lake Ontario Roosevelt, who also owned an island retreat in on which lived for many happy months of each year Canada—beautiful Campobello in the Bay of Fundy—

a very remarkable man. That man believed in the that we Canadians are a bit paradoxical.

United StatesCanada partnership, in the American And this recalls the lines from the McGill University community. He knew as we all know, despite our comedysatire "My Fur Lady,"lines that rocked audipetty grudges and irritations, that in this nuclear age ences across the dominion: "Canadians spend half their

we Canadians and Americans will stand or fall totime convincing the Americans they are not British gether. Our joint continental defense system implies and the other half convincing the British they are not

just that. Americans. Therefore, they have no time left to be

The problem then for folk on both sides of our Canadians."

three thousand mile border is to strengthen our united But this man and his beloved island: you perhaps

front by exercising much forbearance, faith, and inhave guessed that the man is John Foster Dulles. The

telligence. We should work together, for this job island, we have already named. There the cares of

we face is too big, far too big for personal prejudices state forgotten, this trusted servant of his President, such as how best to do it, who is to be in charge of and in some respects greater than his master, found this or that, who is to get defense orders and how the peace.

money shall be spent and where. This is all wrong. You can reach Main Duck Island, called that to

Full cooperation in the load we face may mean distinguish it from False Duck and other little islands survival. in the area, from Point Traverse, on the Ontario 'mainIn effect, defensewise the border does not exist. land. It is a good two hours of sailing in a fishingboat,

The man who spent some of his happiest hours and you nose right into the middle of Lake Ontario.

on that little island in Lake Ontario likely felt we It emerges out of the haze. There is a sturdy, makeCanadians often made a fuss about nothing. For shift wharf at the landing, but few boats put into

really Canada has always been accorded sympathy, Main Duck, for it is private property. There is a

courtesy, and understanding at Washington, D.C. But little sign warning people to stay off the island, and

he was a man of wisdom and knew that neither of it is signed by Mr. Dulles. His request was always

the good neighbors on the North American continent respected.

want to hurt each other. To hurt one hurts the other. The late American Secretary of State bought Main

When feelings are hurt—and thev often are—it is Duck in 1941. It is three miles long and two miles

usually due to a misunderstanding. wide. He also bought little Yorkshire Island. He

No two nations in the world are more alike than built a threeroom log cottage on a promontory overCanada and the United States, even though we looking the beach and the broad expanse of the lake.

Canadians sometimes feel dwarfed by the giant An enthusiastic conservationist and bird watcher, Mr.

strength of our neighbor. However, the fact that we Dulles stocked Main Duck with seventy whitetailed

are still here intact, still a nation with national pride, deer and two hundred pheasants. The cottage was built

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My thanks come easily When my fortunes rise And my will is king And all the world seems my estate. My thanks My thanks come easily such times.

reflect Today, let me thanks I owe come easily But, wait... Upon those

But which I find Express themselves less fluently.

at Times... Today, let me remember to give thanks,

Not only for the sunlight, But for those darker hours That teach me Fortitude.

Let me profess, today, a grateful heart,

Not merely for successes I may know,

But as truly for those failures

That teach Humility.

Let me express my gratitude For all those petty, inner conflicts

Which, once resolved, breed new Serenity'.

And for those small, distressing fears

That have their ways of building Hope.

Let me breathe appreciation For all those poignant slights

That teach me Thoughtfulness.,

The wrongs that teach me Fairness,

And for each violated trust That leaves Loyalty as its lesson.

And let me not forget, today, To whisper thanks for these:

The contempt that teaches Pity,

The tear that teaches Joy, The pain that teaches Mercy, And the loneliness that teaches Love.

So, now...

Let me reflect upon these thanks I owe...

And let my thanks come easily today!

Copyright JOHN Moline, Illinois

NOVEMBER 1959.843

Do you suffer of native logs cut on the island, and towering above the Dulles summer from an overactive fork? manyhome ofis thea giantfolk inoak,OldasOntario.British as

The loved statesman and Mrs.

Dulles planned the stone fireplace

Are You Thick and Tired of it? and the secretary built it. The rock

was picked from the beach, numbered, and set in place to his pattern.

Filled bookcases line one wall. But

there or telephone, is no no radio,;*: 'E set. television Mr. Dulles wanted

seclusion, and there on Main Duck many a policy that shaped the thinking of millions was worked out.

The island is covered by grassy can lose wei meadows and groves of hard and soft maple (so typical of that lovely region), oak, walnut, elm, and hickory. The caretaker on the island,

tree. a us to never allowed cut down with SURE MEAL There'sBob Atchison, said: "Mr. Dulles lying dead enough wood

It's a delicious drink and it's easy to lose 3 to 6 lbs. on 9 around to keep us chopping for a

successive SURE MEALS. You can lose 2 lbs. a week on 2 lifetime. And it's good wood, too.

SURE MEALS a day. When you have your weight at a satisWe used to work the bucksaw tofactory level, one SURE MEAL a day will help you keep your gether. He burned oak logs in his

body in good nutritional balance—and you'll find it easy to fireplace."

hold your weight right where you want it. Mr. Dulles drove a jeep on the

If you just want to try SURE MEAL send for the 20 MEAL island. It is there just where he left

SIZE—but if you have a lot of weight to move, order the it when he bade goodbye to his

economical 40 meal size at only $9.00—or ask about a case loved Canadian home "far from the

price for 6 40 meal containers madding crowd,"to return to Washington and the world. For the world

To fortify your diet—try Don Lyman's 2 to 1 was his home.

Food Supplement

You'll look better—feel better and have more pep and vitality.

IS NEEDED If you are TIRED OF BEING TIRED AN ANCHOR then you will do well to try our 2 to 1 Mineral and Vitamin tablets. There are few by Keith A. Jensen

products on the market today that will stand comparison with Don Lyman's 2 to 1 Food

Supplement. The quality—the expert balance of ingredients—the natural and organic In a storm at sea when the waves

sources—the high potency and the low, low price are all outstanding. roll high

As you use 2 to 1 you will be taking an important step to help build your resistance And the ship is tossed about, and lay the foundation for a better life through intelligent nutrition. 2 to 1 is a family The captain points the prow to the

product and may be used by children as well as adults—use the coupon below to order. wind

And weighs the anchor out.

To be lost at sea in such a gale

DON LYMAN & ASSOCIATES FREE DELIVERY Will fill the heart with fear, 472 So. 10th East, Salt Lake City, Utah TELEPHONE But courage is found while the anPlease send or deliver without extra cost: EM 3-9674 chor holds

Till the day is bright and clear.

life rolls as is needed by An anchor 2 to 1 Food Supplement left days are behind; And the SURESize MEAL$4.75 The anchor of faith and the anchor Minerals & Vitamins 20 Meal

prayer 40 Meal Size One Month Supply $5.49. $9.00 Q of bring us peace of mind."To Defatted Chocolate

Two Month Supply $10.00 Vanilla For the anchor of faith will hold us

Six Month Supply $25.00 Butterscotch fast

To that which is good and true,

I'm interested in raising funds for Church group Q Self And the anchor of prayer will keep

Name: us there In everything we -do.

Address

City & State 844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WIVES LIKE A

CHANGE OF SCENERY, TOO!

Next trip, mix a little pleasure with the business. Invite your spouse

to forget the house and the daily routine and come along. She'll love you

for it—and on Union Pacific's Family

Plan she can travel round trip for just the oneway fare—

a substantial savings!

And what fun you'll both have

Travel in your choice of comfortable legrest Coach seats or private Pullman accommodations... spend lazy hours up

in the Dome cars watching the scenery...

relax in the lounge car.

At mealtime, dine leisurely, choosing from the freshly prepared, graciously served foods for which Union Pacific is famous.

Make that next business trip more pleasant for both of you. Take

your wife and make a vacation of it

There are many other advantages of train travel which your Union Pacific agent will gladly explain to you. Give him a

call—he's at your service!

Erijojj (jom 1/tij) Tab Tb Time/ ToBe Specific... Go

PACIFICNOVEMBER 1959 UNION 845

The chasms that keep us from understanding

Richard L. Evans

These recent weeks we have considered happiness and ignorance and understanding: the need for

THE understanding facts and places, and people—perSPOKEN WORD haps especially people, for we so much need an

understanding of each other, at home, at school, at work, in marriage, and in every relationship of life. Shakespeare,

in Love's Labours Lost, had one of his characters make this remark:

"Who understandeth thee not, loves thee not."1 One of the barriers

to understanding is lack of communication, lack of talking thingstwoton out, lack of keeping things in the open. One of the barriers to

circus star happinessEven the andmosttrustpromisingand confidencemarriage,inthemarriagemost promisingis this veryrelationmatter.

ship of life, can run into trouble if either party to the partnership can't willancessitto inhisbroodingheart, andsilence,not bewillfranknurtureand honestand closelyand open.hug hisPressuresgrievbuild up when there isn't any outlet. Small things become magnified, and much more than is true may be imagined. And so homesharm the and hearts are needlessly broken, and sacred covenants sometimes

severed. No two people ever see all things precisely the same.

Often two people even closely associated fail to have the sameworld's sense of humor. What seems funny to one may seem pointless to

another. What was meant for a harmless, goodhumored remark

by one person, may, to another, seem to have a sharp or sarcasticstrongest edge on it—or a meaning which honestly may not have been meant.

And so there is much of misunderstanding, much of not knowing, inside; of through, talking, not getting of not seeing of not much of

of mistrust,allsteel hurt, heartache, of unhappiness, much much much of

congenial, understanding, not getting are not of people, not whofolding much of sitting in hurt, silence. Any two people, or any number

to with they should closer, should those keep through ooen whom up, communicate, take off the tenseness, the quickness to take offense, and talk and face facts, not in selfjustification, and not in accusation, but in frank and honest fairness without any edge on it—and not sit

and brood in silence. Happiness cannot survive in pentup places.

It flourishes out in the open. And among friends and families,

neighbors and fellow workers, and among those married, we must talk; we must get through, we must somehow cross the chasms that

keep us from understanding each other.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, August 30, 1959. Copyright 1959.

William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost, Act iv, sc. 2.

Strength... electrically welded tubular steel construction. Comfort... contour designed seats and backrests.

Easy folding... legs glide open and ON A THIRD BIRTHDAY

closed. Safety...selfadjusting hinges

can't slip. Finish... snagfree, chip by Lucretia Penny

and rustresistant. In 11 new colors.

Now at a new low price Into the future, from this brief past

Take what you can and hold it fast.

Take something of that solemn air first barber chair.Samsonite You wore to your

Your largeeyed wonder when you knew folding chairs

That apples hung on trees and grew!

club, For church, other group ing information, Yellow seatYour gentle sorrow when we read Pages see folding) (CHAIRS, or write: Shwayder

Mich. ieii. Detroit Bros., Inc., Dept. 29, 1959 How Humpty Dumpty lost his head.

Out of the days before you were three

Keep these—for me.

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (and day) FAMILY NIGHT

Night and Day in every way it pays to keep your eye on

jive. You'll see your favorite comedy shows, intense mystery,

rugged Westerns and special Specials throughout the new season.

It's television at its best for the family.

NOVEMBER 1959 847 "Mixed Voices"A Study on Book of Mormon Criticism

Concluded

The Comparative Method

by Hugh Nibley

To establish any connection at all between the versally discussed chapter of the Bible if Ethan Smith books of the two Smiths it is absolutely imperative has already mentioned it.

to find something perfectly unique and peculiar in Finally parallel No. 12: Granted that the Indians

both of them. Yet there is not one single thing in are the descendants of the lost ten tribes, as everyone

common between View of the Hebrews and the Book believed in 1830, what Christian would not feel an of Mormon that is not also found in the Bible. Parallel obligation towards them? Ethan Smith's view that "the

as it does significant details that are not found in the "become the Savior of Israel in America,"is a perfectly

Bible: yet it is in these very details that the two books natural one, and is assumed to offer another parallel

are in complete disagreement! Another false parallel to the teaching of the Book of Mormon. Nothing

is No. 10, the destruction of Jerusalem: Ethan Smith could be farther from the mark: the Book of Mormon

speaks of one destruction, the Book of Mormon of never looks to the United States government, the Ameranother, but the Bible speaks of both. Here the ican people, or Christian civilization to save the

parallel is not between the two Smiths at all—they are Indians—it tells a very different story of what is to

talking of wholly different events—but between them happen.

and the Bible only. Again, there is an indirect referSo after all Ethan Smith turns in a perfect score;

ence to American hieroglyphics in Ethan Smith which not a single blemish mars the target. In every case

leads to parallel No. 8 with the query: "Was this suffiwhere the Book of Mormon might have borrowed from

cient to suggest the strange manner of writing in the him, it might much more easily have borrowed from

Book of Mormon in the 'learning of the Jews and the Bible or prevailing popular beliefs. In the few

language of the Egyptians'but in altered Egyptian?"cases where he deals in common with the Book of

In other words, the two sources have the mention of Mormon with matters not treated in those other

Egyptian hieroglyphics in common:—only the word sources, the two books are completely at variance.

Egyptian does not appear in Ethan Smith; and the Grabbag Research:—Any conscientious student

word hieroglyphics does not appear in the Book of likes to find support for his own theories and ideas

Mormon; but if you put the two together, what do in the writings of others, ajid when he comes upon

you get? Egyptian hieroglyphics! In the same way, a particularly helpful or enlightening passage joyfully

Ethan Smith contains a brief mention of Quetzalcoatl, quotes it. Yet if Joseph Smith says there was once

though nothing could be farther from his mind than a great civilization in Central America, and quotes to suggest that Quetzalcoatl might be Christ, while Josiah Stout to back him up, it is plain that Smith the Book of Mormon contains mention of Christ withis stealing from Stout—even though Stout's book came

out the slightest hint that he might be Quetzalcoatl: out three years later than his! Plagiarists conceal the

put them together, and you have parallel No. 18: The sources of their information; they do not shout them

common teaching of both books that Christ was from the housetops; but if a Mormon leader is so

Quetzalcoatl! Again, because Joseph Smith (not the careless as to quote a nonMormon writer by way of

Book of Mormon) and Ethan Smith both mention illustrating or supporting a Mormon teaching, he has

Ezekiel 37, our critics are convinced that the former given everything away; he has openly declared the true

is stealing from the latter, though their interpretations source of Mormon revelation. Sidney Rigdon "openly

of the celebrated passage are entirely different: it is quoted from a book by Thomas Dick on one occasuspicious for Joseph Smith even to mention a unision. This proves to Mrs. (Continued on page 854)

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JHE NaTIVIT/-*'"... one -.*v*v'of tkeqroup of new orLqmat frlherq (Zhruc,tnux pctinUnyS

FoRlHOSEyou L9veTheVIoS7> 7n awt beautifully'unlQue..... *

The a tfc filiexL with sptrututxC Values...

tkes year}.... JW qitttohrUxa lajtinci e-nioufruznt oVer

sloue

ere, offered for the first time, is a choice + collection of all the bestloved Christmas paintings of the celebratedymerican artist/lrnold Friberg '+ yyere.with handlettered Biblical tenets, finely printed in

<... rich duotone and handsomely hardcover bound, is all the rich,

y"warm Truth...the great, ringing beauty of the Christmas spirit

such as no artist before has so masterfully expressed.

*i- fglere is the perfect gift for those especially dear to you, who appreciate the fine and the deeply spiritual.

4,,%,....?., * y*

hereto youthose- very special bring an. if into the Live] to \o warmth epctra portum of of Cnriftmaj

or tAe, Corv/aiefcent mifjionary..jWother, thejtudent serviceman &tneVery JpeciaLgift and DadyotAr fs for 1 <& Special'teacher, too, aj or afjociatef e-mpioueef retnembranee V Csrviftrnaf a and for fdeat Kf

em.i<r -u jo maAejure,your copyfs) of tnif first JE]H1EHE/Vl PRESS, DEFT E, 5867"IbLCAyE LNE ALf LyiKf. Cj\\ 17

edition, if reservedforyou eariy, fiti out and mail the, coupon,...JVOVV/ Please send me copies ofy\moldFribergs little Christmas Book

three yAxlow ahout weekf for delivery to be order tPORTANf\>/n reasonably assured. @f2? per copy, postpaid. Enclosed find* /Jo C.ODs please

of receJA'iry your

..

CAriftmafyu/ipq, madyourbook(s) in,ordertimeinforyourbefore JVcune

Dec I Wecannot affure pre Chriftrnaf delivery of orders received from, outride J\ddretSthe continental. United State}

CtUf Zone--.State--

NOVEMBER 1959 849

Here Is the Place Man's sojourn in mortality is not a purposeless accident. On the contrary, its meaning is profound. It

is laden either with all the possibilities of eventual Godhood or eternal disaster, or any one of the many gradations lying between these two extremes. Each individual chooses

his course of action, upon which depends his status in eternity. HERE

is the place, NOW is the time to make the decision—and the decision

is one that no mortal can evade or delegate to another.

This freedom to choose and decide for one's self carries with it a tremendous responsibility. Whatever

the result may be, it belongs to him whose decisions and actions created it. Our every thought or act weaves

itself into the very fabric of our souls, and the resulting character is the and Loan Association sum total of all the thoughts and 56 SOUTH MAIN actionsIgnobleof ourthoughtslives. and unworthy

Salt City Lake in only deeds at indulged be may

State Savings is cost to foolish great the one & who THIS Loan RETURN COUPON - ""I 56 Street South Main his time. to thus enough spend One

City, Salt Lake Utah life, his his time, wastes wastes I who

Please open a savings account in my name. Enclosed is a check (money order) for for time is the substance of which

his life is made.

New accounts of $50 or more will receive a Sheaffer Pen and Pencil t /s/ Robert I. Burton

Set FREE. 1

Name Melchizedek Priesthood Address.

Continued from page 813 City.State. (

Missionaries have promise of great reward. "And whoso receiveth you,

there I will be also,"the Lord says, "for I will go before your face. I

will be on your right hand and on your left, and my Spirit shall be in your hearts, and mine angels round about you, to bear you up. HAMMOND ORGAN "Whoso receiveth you receiveth |'.. if ye are W The Most Amazing Musical me."(Ibid., 84:8889.) ".

faithful ye shall be laden with many

Instrument of the Times sheaves, and crowned with honor, and glory, and immortality, and eternal life."(Ibid., 75:5; italics added.)

It Can Be Yours Through A Simple Lesson And Payment Plan.

YOU CAN PLAY Lovely Music Quickly With Little Or No PreUpon you [the priesthood] rest high and sacred responsibilities, vious Musical Training.

which relate not only to the salvation

The Hammond Play Time Plan Will Insure Your Future Musical of this generation, but of many past

Happiness. generations and many to come. The

... the kingdom &glorious ensign of

Come In Or Send For Complete Details. once again established in the world

must be unfurled in every nation,

Two UpTo-Date Stores To Serve You kingdom, and empire. You are

the ones whom the Lord has selected for this purpose. CO. GLEN BROS. MUSIC—President Lorenzo Snow

Salt Lake—246 So. Main Washington Ogden—2546

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:

e Church Model of the Hammond Organ in walnut

Beautiful music...

without any tuning expense ever!

Tuning the organ can be a major and rendering of all ity can affect the performance of your recurring expense for your church—untypes of church Hammond Organ. It is precision built

less it's a Hammond Organ. literature by means to play year after year.

exof Hammond's will never tuning have any you Then It Pitch. is this Permanent feature that

clusive Harmonic is theexpense. only organ For Hammond the makes only that organ Hammond Drawbars. *that tune. never out of can go... never goes out of that elimitune

Magnificent tone that always stays Cathedral tone quality in any type of nates all tuning expense.*

that way is but one of the unique adenclosure. Even the smallest church can To hear a free concert, see a color film,

vantages that Hammond offers your enjoy resonant tones with Hammond's or receive a booklet on fund raising, church. Consider also... exclusive reverberation control and just mail the coupons below. Address

Remarkable versatility of tone. You threechannel amplification. Hammond Organ Company, 4220 W.

111. Ave., Diversey Chicago 39, easilycan, Organ, on Lasting durability the Hammond climate. in any Neither

*Pertains to Spinet, Church, Home, and Concert of tones for thousandsblend the extreme (Except Models. severe nor Solo heat nor cold, Pedal Unit humidModel.) of Concert

THE HAMMOND ORGAN

Choice of over 43,000 institutions

Mail these coupons

is in interested Our church telling booklet Please your send me send literature complete me a film color about the Please raise our church can money I | how describing the various models of the Organ. for [| ViewingHammond

an organ. O Hearing a free organ concert. Hammond Organ.

Name———Name. NameChurch ChurchChurch-

AddressAddress- AddressCity & ZoneCity & ZoneCity & Zone County & State. County & State. County & State1959, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY IE 11

NOVEMBER 1959 851... It's time forWhen you get that Hollow Feeling

NABISCO Sugar Honey Grahams

Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike. Wonderfully light... won't spoil

appetites. Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour. Scored so they snap right in half for easy

eating. Wrapped in 3 InEr-Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

852'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The House With the Golden Windows (Continued from page 811)

symmetrically. This is not only unfair, but by that process we deliberately think ourselves into inferiority

and weakness. Industry and faith

are far superior to envy as instruments of accomplishment. The shape of flight

There is an interesting old fable which tells the story of an envious The shapes of things that fly mouse who, like many of us, looked have always been determined by outside himself in an attempt to the materials they are made of.

hissolve problems. the In house

that are Feathers wings form this there lived awhere mouse was alike for basically all birds—and

life the mouse'scat which made miserable and kept him in constant membrane forms an entirely difdread of being caught and eaten ferent wing for insects. It takes

alive. The mouse had a friend who thousands of years, but nature

was a magician, and so the mouse improves its materials and sought the assistance of the magician shapes, just as technology imand said, "Will you turn me into a proves the materials and shapes cat?"And the magician turned the of aircraft. But here, the improvemouse into a cat. But this did not ments in materials are so rapid

solve the problem because the mouse that designs become obsolete now discovered that a vicious dog almost as soon as they become lived in that neighborhood which functional.

made life near to intolerable, and so the mouse was back to the magician Today, ouraeronautical designin short order and said, "Will you ers and missile experts work with turn me into a dog?"And so the types of materials that didn't exist

magician turned him into a dog. just a few short years ago. Steels

But there was a very ferocious tiger are probably the most important living in the woods nearby who was examples: United States Steel

the sworn enemy of the dog. The has just developed five new types

powerful claws and sharp teeth of of steel for the missile program.

this tiger changed the dog's life to They are steels that have the alone of mortal fear and constant most unbelievable qualities necdread. So the mouse returned to essary for unearthly flights.

his friend and said, "Will you turn me into a tiger?"And so the magiThe shape and the success of

cian turned him into a tiger. Then our space birds depend on steel.

some hunters came through the USS is a registered trademark woods where the tiger lived, carrying highpowered rifles with telescopic lenses. They were accompanied by

baying hounds, and the mouse now found that he was being hunted by (USS) United States Steel the most deadly of all enemies, man.

So the mouse went back to the magician and said, "Will you turn me into a man?"But the magician WE MORMONS SAY TRAVEL ISsaid, "No, I will not turn you into

a man; I will turn you into a mouse.

You have the courage, disposition, and problemsolving ability of a mouse, and that is the only thing you entitle yourself to be."

Our responsibility is to turn ourselves into what God created us to become. We are his children, crein his ated image. us to He wants

to full the use the divine attributes GDtfCATKWfAI. P"? GOOD F0 *wt J****with ROBBINS TRAVEL! with which he has so lavishly enSo Let's Go This Winter -

dowed us. He has given us many HAWAII -NovemberDecember-FebruaryApril MEXICO—November 14 with Univ. of Utah

WINTER QLYMPICSSquaw Valley JanuaryFebruary ROSE BOWL

ROBBINS TRAVEL - 14 South Main - Salt Lake City, Utah PHONE EL 5-8086

NOVEMBER 1959 853 great commandments to guide our accomplishment. One of these is

"Thou shalt not covst."God has

given each one of us sufficient for all of our needs. We must learn

to trust and be true to those gifts.

One of the greatest leadership lessons we may learn is "Thou shalt not covet."For "Lo, your own house is

the house with the golden windows."

The Comparative Method (Continued from page 848) Brodie that he had read the booktherefore Joseph Smith had read it or heard of it—therefore Smith got

his cosmology from it—therefore Mr.

Davisnow tells us that Mormon leaders "drew in ideas at random

BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth fromtific books,local preachers,and 'philosophers'pseudoscien-like about the "lying allure of liquor."Thomas Dick."And this statement

of nothing is bred than an airy more seen through the the glamorous haze thrown up byHAVE YOU 97 Brodie. Mrs. from word alcohol advertisers? of the truth about learned enough HAVE YOU to ask machine, were If we an IBM

liquor to want to have no part of it? a superelectronic memorizer, asso-

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Insurciator, and classifier of data, to tell ance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE usintellectualwhich cultural,influenceshistorical,are mostand

WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance prominent in the Book of Mormon,

company for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop we would consider the machine's paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money at the same response utterly worthless unless we

time. had first stocked it with ten thousand

times than any more facts human contains. of every If you are a nondrinker,::: we invite you to investigate, and insure mind Yet Book

critic thinks he can answerwith Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile insurMormon

referring to question whatby ance heart where your the of others thousands say, the who is—with tiny ever patch of knowledge he

full don't drink.""No For explanadetails, including an Thanks—we sit to on. happens do we What

tion of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree drivers, trust in the critics? Certainly it canreturn this coupon now. not be their knowledge—it must be

IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible. instinct. Today we are asked to accept mystic explanations of the Book

solid lacking which, any of Mormon rest their ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON foundation, case on Joseph

Please send complete me information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. I reactions underSmith's to "latent facets"

is stand there obligation. no ClffM "hisor to of Puritanism (O'Dea)

Nnme My auto insurance toric responses"of the Reformation expires:

ArtHipsci. prevailing All the (Davis). enPity Rfatp Hay vironmental theories of Mormonism

Ocfupatinn. Year and the Book of Mormon insist that

Age -Age of principal driver of auto. J\ge of youngest driver. both were the product of an inMake of Car..Year. -No. Cylinders. tensely local setting, suited to the exintellectual limited tremely horizon

Body type & Model (Scries) followers, yet of Smith Mr. and his

of Car: Use Pleasure work. and from To.miles one way. Q Business Q it tells Dr. Cross us that and O'Dea

Marital Principal Status of Driver'with Married fj Davis'old not Mr. was EngNew Single, living at home.childrenQ Single

'j>0fifffc Send me free copy of Christian Herald article. enders to whose thoughts Joseph

Smith gave such welcome expression

ACCIDENTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL but a very different stock, the

INSURANCE COMPANY "Yorkers."Mr. Armytage, however,

150 South 4th East, Dept. 1159 shows us that Mormonism was exSalt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931 actly and peculiarly what the sturdy

North country farmers and artisans

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For rent: Penthouse studio with the most

spectacular view in the West!

Upstairs in one of the California Zephyr's five VistaDomes, you ride high above the rails, viewing an unobstructed, panoramic canvas of towering peaks, rivers and streams, and the vast expanse of unspoiled Western wilderness. You travel across the High WESTERN

Sierra and wind down the entire length of Feather River Canyon, PACIFICfamous throughout the world for its rugged, spectacular beauty.

And because this streamliner is designed and scheduled for sight- '\.U\yOOCDOOCKv,R...JLJLJLJl O? ""-Jl

seeing, all this magnificent scenery, westbound or eastbound, un- '!

'rolls before you during daylight hours! \ mm -—, m

NOTE: The 120 VistaDome seats are not sold, not reserved. Route of the VistaDome

These are extra seats for the enjoyment of both Pullman and

Chair Car passengers. MifbrniM Zephyr

Western Pacific Ticket Office; 27 W. South Temple Sf., Salt Lake City SA LT LAKE CITY OAKLAND SAN FRANCISCO

IDAvis 2-5741) NOVEMBER 1959 855 of England wanted to hear,08 while the same holds true for Welsh miners,

Scandinavian fishermen, prosperous

Swiss burghers, and South Pacific

Islanders. Davis's "fourteenyear-

old ragamuffin"certainly had a knack: "Why should the gibberish

of a crazy boy,"he asks, "send thousands of people trekking off to establish a theocracy beyond the Rocky

Mountains?"90 The question is admirably put, and he can find but one

possible answer for it: It was because the crazy boy told all those

people exactly what they wanted to hear, giving them a doctrine so perfectly suited to their taste that they would undergo any toil or danger for it. One hundred years ago Monsieur Remy accounted for the success of Joseph Smith by observing

that he had simply combined all that was most enticing in all religions into one religion. Look what our

crazy boy Joseph is doing! What

we want to know is how he does it.

After all, what the latest explanations of Smith and his book amount to is the profound discovery that he succeeded where others failed because he always happened to do just the right thing.

The vast depth and breadth of the grabbag guarantee that our Book of

Mormon investigators will never run out of parallels and analogies which thev mav hail as significant or not as they choose. But it also guarantees that none of them will ever

have the last word. To the end their

ideas about the Book of Mormon remain strictly their own, and they are welcome to them. But any pretense to scientific or scholarly finality under the circumstances is but

an illusion. Our poorly trained

scholars, satisfied that modern science has emancipated them from old methods and chores, are quite unaware that the critics of an earlier day were just as welleducated and emancipated as they, and that they are only repeating in their shallow researches what has already been done by men of greater diligence and authority—and duly marked off

as wasted effort.

(The end)

oeD. D. Davis, op. cit., p. 167.

87Brodie, op. cit., p. 69 "... the book can

best be explained... by his responsiveness

to the provincial opinions of the time."

88W. H. G.Armytage, "Liverpool, Gateway to Zion,"Pacific Northwest Quarterly

48 (1957), pp. 3940. For sheer misinformation Mr. Armytage's article sets a

record even among antiMormon writers.

89Davis, ibid.

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAST SERVICE when you need it. Around the clock, FARMERS SAVES YOU MONEY!

throughout the country. The man from Farmers is as COMPAREance. FarmersTHElow,COSTlow ofratesFarmersmean withreal anysavings.otherAndautoFarmersinsurnear as a telephone. He moves fast to help you. He's on gives you better service, broad coverage—MORE INSURANCE

your side, protects your interests. protection for your dollar.

GET ADDED PREMIUM DISCOUNTS. Farmers allows a 10%*

FAIR SETTLEMENT of claims is the rule at Farmers. No reductioncount on secondto accidentfreecar, if youdriversqualify.and a 25% additional disred tape or delays. Your Farmers Agent can inspect dam- *Discount not available in Washington.

ages, arrange for repairs, even sign the check. Many PROTECTION AGAINST UNINSURED DRIVER

times claims are settled the same day the accident occurs! Have you heard of someone who was injured by an uninsured motorist and couldn't collect? All Farmers auto liaFRIENDLY PEOPLE are ready and willing to serve you bility—payingpoliciesas muchautomaticallyas $10,000.provideAsk anyprotectionFarmers inAgentsuchforcasesfull

quickly, efficiently, cheerfully. Just call. details.

Farmers Auto InsuranceCALL FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP

'X INSURANCE GROUP, ifymbct of'Juperior\Jieryice AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK NOVEMBER 1959 857 This gilded frame with this timeworn case

Reveals a picture taken long ago

When greatgrandmother's small, finefeatured face Had beauty only youth and charm bestow.

Her lovely brow, the contour of her chin, r ThisHer silkenbroochskirtsof diamondsspread wideof untoldwith crinolineworth,

Denote that she was one of gentle birth.

Yet later, with a rifle on her lap

She rode by wagon to a wild frontier,

She learned to live above each strange mishap,

And soon became a wellloved pioneer.

Though she was slight, blueeyed, and goldenDAGUERREOTYPE She bravelytressed, helped to build the rugged West.

X5,:'-: -::'x;:":,,

Beryl Stewart

-::::;:-:-:-.-; ':;':>:;!jsK-"-A -::.:...... -::::::.

FIRST TIME EVER!... Standard Optical CUTS PRICES on

BOLEX MOVIEmM CAMERASThe price of these cameras is k M onlyrecentbeingreplacementcut becauseby newof theirelectric-eye models.

FADES "SCENE OOiTiiL: SLOWMOTIONCLOSE-UPS giveBolex yougivesthoseyou theunusualextrasHollythat

wood effects. Lytar f 1.9 lens

The Amazing 8mm Camera | WIDEANGLE PANORAMAS in 2-lens turret; zoom viewer;

That Makes Professional Effects COMIC SPEEDUPS, CARTOONS 7manyspeeds;othervariable shutter; and

Easy for Everyone! features!

Was $159. $9995 ONLY NOW W Nothing Down Only $1.50 Wk. See & Try It Now!...

except 1-lens as Exactly above same shutter variable... "T***'*jfcQ 95*"no and model

COME IN or MAIL COUPON NOW!

Please send me the Bolex Camera salepriced

at only S I will pay according to terms in ad.

NAME

WIFE'S NAME EYEWEAR HEARING AIDS CAMERA SUPPLIES -

ADDRESS CITY & STATE 155 South Main—273 South Main

EMPLOYED BY 2190 Highland Drive—Sugar House

in Salt Lake City CREDIT REFERENCE <tiv. v:>:SWtf>x: Other offices in Ogden and Provo

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To hear organ tone in its proper environment arrangements for you to hear them.

in a correctly made church installation—is the Listen to the vast and inspiring tonal rebest way to judge its true beauty and range. sources of the Baldwin. Observe the care and

Baldwin Electronic Organs enrich worship in precision with which the Baldwin installation over 15,000 churches throughout the world. was executed. Then you will know how much a

If you will write to the Baldwin Organ Division Baldwin Organ can contribute to the beauty we will forward the names and addresses of worship in your church.

of Baldwin installations nearest you and make Send for the list ofBaldwin installations today.

IMPORTANT BOOKS FREE!

BUILT BY Baldwin will also send you "Questions and Answers,"complete answers to the mostfrequent questions about i:t;s electronic organs. Also available, "The Architectural Baldwin Planning Of An Organ Installation.'"Write to The

PIANOS ORGANS Baldwin Piano Company, Organ Division, Bldg. R-88,

Cincinnati 2, Ohio.

BALDWIN, ACROSON1C, HAMILTON, HOWARD PIANOS BALDWIN AND ORGASONIC ORGANS

NOVEMBER 19.59 859

Today's Family

Florence B. Pinnock, Editor Count Your

Blessings

Thanksgiving is for all the rich and poor.

A time to give our thanks by word and deed;

A prayer to Him for life and joy and love.

Kind acts to neighbors, A stranger or a friend, Thanksgiving is for all aarrrrr for every day.

Today, tomorrow, every day should be a day of thanksgiving. Start counting your blessings and you

will discover that one day a year could never hold all your thankfulness. The authorities of our Church

counsel us to stay out of debt. Are you in debt to

your Heavenly Father, your parents, your neighbors, your friends for their many kind acts and blessings to you? The best way to say thank you to your Heavenly Father is to keep his commandments to the fullest

and to serve in this Church to the very best of your ability wherever you are called. A good way to thank

those others who have been so good to you this last year is carefully to keep that commandment "Love your neighbour as yourself."Verbal "thank yous"are

wonderful, too. Tell those you love how much you

appreciate them and how fine they are in every way.

Thanksgiving is for all of us.

Now let's talk about food. We are so blessed with

the abundance of life and the accumulation of the "know how"passed down through the years. Our

Thanksgiving table can be a work of art appealing to the sight, scent, and taste. Our recipes come to us

today very accurate, but our grandmothers had to cook by the "feel"method; for instance, in 1730 in

New England they made rolls, I guess that is what they were, by the following recipe.

To Make Good Wigs'

To four Pounds of fine Flower (flour) take one pound of good Butter, half a Pound of fine sugar, a handful of carraway (sic) Comfits or Seeds, and a little

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mrs. Utah says try this

HURRYUP WAY TO RoseWater; work it up with a Pintof good Aleyeast, strained, and as HOMEMADE YEAST ROLLS

much milk as will wet them warmed: "Just add Fleischmann's Yeast to

put in some Ginger and work them Bisquick,"says Mrs. Gordon Worley,

of Tremonton, Utah's finalist in the up light, and set them in a warm Mrs. America* Contest. "And get homePlace to rise: make them the Bigness made rolls you'd swear took hours. Only

as you think fit, and bake them on two ingredients, one rising!... the easiest 1

Iron Plates in a quick Oven: they way yet to get that wonderful flavor only

yeast can give. But be sure to use

will be done in half a quarter of an Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. It rises so fast

Hour. and keeps for months.""Reg. Mrs. America Inc.

or Housewife Frugal From "The / Cook, WhereinComplete Woman HURRYUP YEAST ROLLS t

The Art of Dressing all sorts of 3A cup warm water 10 to 15 minutes, until rolls are a rich

Viands with Cleanliness, Decency (not hot—105 to 115) golden brown. Then brush with butter

and Elegance is Explained"1730. 1 package Fleischmann's or margarine. Makes 16.

Active Dry Yeast How to shape crescents: Roll dough

Now today here is a wonderful 2V2 cups Bisquick into a 12inch circle. Cut into 1 6 wedges.

recipe for light fluffy rolls. They Dissolve yeast in water. Mix in BisBeginning at wide side, roll toward

would be delicious on the Thanksquick.onto surfaceBeat wellvigorously.dusted withTurnBisquick.dough point.with pointPlaceunderneath.on greased baking sheet

giving table. Knead until smooth, about 20 times.

Shape as desired, into crescents, rolls,

Batter Rolls etc. Place on lightly greased baking

sheet. Cover with damp cloth. Let rise

2 yeast cakes in warm place (85) about 1 hour. Heat

l x/2 cup scalded milk oven to 400 (moderately hot). Bake

2 pcrcrc V FLEISCHMANN'S EAST—AN OTH ER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INC.;

1 square butter \../

4 to 5 cups of flour Vz cup water 1 teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons sugar

Scald the milk, add the cold water, salt, and sugar. Cool to lukewarm.

Beat the eggs and add. Break the

yeast into the mixture, beat well with the electric beater or very well by hand. Add the flour and beat. Let

stand in a warm place until double gjtffii>vi& in bulk. Turn out on floured board

and knead lightly. Roll out to about

thick. the inch square Spread with%

all butter. of softened of the KITCHEFl CHfiRfTl (Use

butter.) Cut into long IVz inch WAXED PAPER

strips. Cut each strip into IV2 inch

pieces. Stack on end 3 to 4 pieces

to a muffin tin. Let stand covered Candlelight

until light. Bake at 450 F. Quality

This Thanksgiving dinner should [MI0SSI.D SOfHS STRQHGII at

be very special. There is nothing

the children like better than lots of HlflRCRL Breakfast company. This is the day to surround the table with people who nnPKins nook

love each other and laden the table Prices

NOVEMBER 1959 861

For your Cool Weather Ward Parties!

with delicious traditional food. No

one should have to diet on this day.

Try serving sweet potatoes baked in orange shells with your turkey this year.

Orange Sweet PotatoesCHILI CON CARNE in Bulk!

Free Delivery Anywhere.,. Call DAvh 2-1291 61 no.or 82V2orangecan sweetshells potatoes

3 tablespoons butter Vi cup sugar After those cool weather parties; hayrides, sleigh rides, xk cup orange juice

and skating, nothing tastes as good as Dash of cinnamon

Lynn Wilson's Chili Con Carne. Ream the juice from the oranges

half well. Mash

inJust add water and heat andhot cleanpotatoes,the orangeand other add fc Serves approximately 16 people orangegredients,shells.blend Placeuntil fluffyin a 400and fillF.

oven for about 20 minutes until lightly browned on top.

Dare you be a little different with your vegetable this traditional day?

If so, try

Spiced Beets and Onions

4 tablespoons butter 4 cups sliced pickled beets—drained

(May use plain sliced beets that have marinated in spiced vinegar overnight.

2 cups onion rings Va cup sugar 1 teaspoon salt pepper The WORLD CHILD'Stm butter, other the Melt the add Belongs in every home with Children ingredients, for about and simmer

HELPS PREPARE YOUR CHILD FOR SCHOOL! 15 minutes. Serve steaming hot.

HELPS YOUR CHILD SUCCEED IN SCHOOL!

dinner comwould be No turkey this cranberries. PRAISED BY EDUCATORS AND CLERGYMEN! plete without In

To meet the educational needs of all preschool and sauce there is an interesting blendgrade school children, THE CHILD'S WORLD ing of flavors.

created this new, beautifully illustrated story and

It reference library. is especially prepared educaby Fresh Cranberry Sauce

tors, designed balanced and to cover every of phase eland's your, it development. Parents praise because (Makes 2 cups relish)

of its presentation the charm the makes gathering of ideas a thrilling one!

cranberries fresh 2 cups "From experience as my child every a "If in America raisins teacher, cups as a school sumight read stories, Vz these perintendent, and as help a it would a grow V2 orange large unpeeled high school supervisor, I fine manhood and womhave seen to nothing anhood, and produce honey tablespoons 4 compare with Child's The great to people great do

World which promises so deeds in the future."5 tablespoons sugar

wonderful a plan of help."guidance and Dr. Norman Vincent Peale % teaspoon ginger

Pastor, Marble Church, New YorkCollegiateCity CommitteeE. T. Dunlap,on ChairmanEducation Put cranberries, raisins, and orange

State of Oklahoma through food chopper (Use coarse

Thousands of teachers, clergymen, and parents say blade. ) Mix with honey, sugar, and

this is the soundest investment you can make in ginger. Pour into a jar. Cover.

your child's future. For FREE information, without Place in the refrigerator overnight

obligation, any send your name and address on a to cool and allow flavors to blend. postal card to

Harvey J. Reardon, President Everyone has a few very favorite

recipes, and if I were to choose my The CHILD'S WORLD Inc. favorite pudding recipe, I would

302 W. Washington St.—Dept. E - Chicago 6, Illinois

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Give Records for Gifts choose this persimmon pudding. a remembrance that lives on

Persimmon pudding for ThanksThe Greatest Achievement in Recordings is giving dinner sounds strange, butyou will not be sorry if you try this FAMOUS recipe. It makes the blackest,

imaginable, lightestnuttiest, pudding Mormon Tabernacle Choir Albums easy to and so economicaland it is prepare. This recipe will make ten Columbia Records

servings. 3 Brand New Albums for Christmas Giving

Persimmon Pudding 1. "The Lord's Prayer"2. "Messiah"

with Philadelphia Orchestra Eileen Farrell, Soprano 1 cup persimmon pulp The Lord's Prayer Martha Lipton, Contralto

Come, Come Ye Saints Davis Cunningham, Tenor 1 cup sugar OBlessedMy FatherAre They That Mourn WilliamTabernacleWarfield,Choir andBaritone the Great Philadelphia Orchestra Wisdom and the Love

Holy, 2 tablespoons butter Holy,How Holy 1 1.98 9.98—stereo 2 records 148th Psalm

For Unto 1 egg well beaten Us a Child Is Born 3. "The Spirit of Christmas"David's Lamentation

Air Londonderry with Tabernacle Organ Vz teaspoon salt

Battle of the Republic Hymn selections—4.98 stereo 4.98 5.98 1 8 Vi teaspoon cinnamon

other albums by Choir stereo 5.98

for listing free 1 cup flour Write Record Centre—47 So. Main

1 Postage 30c album Vh. teaspoons soda 10c each additional Salt Lake City, Utah ZCMI

V-2. cup milk

walnuts Remove stems from persimmons The Warmest Christmas Greeting of All Genuine and press them through a sieve to obtain pulp. Put ingredients together in order given. Pour mixture PHOTO

into a wellgreased mold set inside GREETING CARDS a covered steamer. Steam for two

hours and do not remove the lid of onivV9the steamer during that time. Serve 25 CARDS

hot with whipped cream or vanilla 50 cards 2.49 100 cards 4.49

ice cream. Shipped prepaid complete

with Envelopes.

A picture of the new baby, the children hanging up their Christmas stockings, or the whole family around the tree...

the perfect way to let loved ones know you are thinking of them during Yuletide season. It's so easy... so inexpensive!

Just send a negative of your favorite

printed be a beautiful on KITCHENLINES FOR CERTAIN snapshot (horizontal, square or vertical).

with decal card a cheeredge greeting! 5V2"x4WfulThe Christmasphoto will WALLS

ORDER NOW! TO INSURE EARLY ARRIVAL!

by Elaine V. Emans Send negative and check or money order to:

These hands are used on dish, on SAM'S PHOTO LAB kettle, P. O. Box 1115, Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

On scouring sink and polishing metal,

In paring fruit and breading chop,

In flourishing broom and prosaic mop, In icing small cake after cakeRut, oh, my fancy is free to take

Its shining way like a golden bird

To a mountaintop where none has heard Of pots and pans, and none yet seen

Cupboards where sinks crouch in between!

NOVEMBER 1959 863 The Gift ofLoveliness For Christmas STAUFFER HOME REDUCING PLAN

This year select the Christmas gift that will help her get and keep a lovelier, youthfullooking figure. The Stauffer

principle of effortless exercise and calorie reduction has already helped more than 5 million American women remake their figures.

You too can get and keep a beautiful figure...

with the help of the Stauffer Home Reducing

Plan of effortless exercise and calorie reduction.

If you've tried different times to reduce... if

the results haven't lived up to your hopes, you'll find Stauffer—America's No. 1 home reducing ON BEING A LADY

plan—gets results! "Every Little Thing"

Guaranteed by < Good Housekeeping Are you a drip dry girl, all rumpled i4DViniSD s and wrinkled? If you believe in the

advertisements you would think that an iron has no place in these modern fflhwiii.. "drip dry"days. Don't let these ""m high pressure ads fool you. To

look yoLir best you must be well pressed. Be extra fussy about the

way you iron the tucks on your

See Mr. Stauffer's Magic Cradle and Executive Couch blouse, the ruffle on your dress, the

All wrinkles out your sleeve. under

details Get complete Plan today Stauffer Home you. this adds a wellgroomed up to Write or call South 520 E. 4th DA 8-0531

Salt Lake City 1, Utah That old saying a "stitch in time saves nine"has meaning today. A

Name Phone. girl with a hem partly down, a seam

frayed or unstitched, a snag in her

Address sweater, a strap pinned up or a button off is well on her way to winning

City State that doubtful honor as the girl most

Ask about our Christmas Layaway Plan likely to be overlooked by the right boys.

Along with this grooming, dress // // appropriately for the occasion. You

OTHER SHEEP IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS wouldn't wear bobby socks with

Smith Robert By W. heels tight would you wear so why Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

faith, love, apostasy bloody and of "A tale or shorts street? on the long Johns sore throat and other minor mouth the error, truth Savior with conquering when

comes."—Dr. J. A. W. and throat irritations. Sunday clothes should be different

An Excellent Gift or Prize for from the weekday dress. You will

Ages 9 to 90 act more as you should on the Sabif bath you wear your nice clothes HALLS REMEDY Exciting Events of the Book of long. day Salt Lake City, Utah all

Mormon woven into a romance. Be carejh.il when buying your

Notes by Archeologists in back pages support is clothes. Spontaneous buying

the Book of Mormon.

smart. NOW AVAILABLE - WRITE FOR never complete Plan your

PRICE $1.00

before wardrobe purchasing one LISTING COMPLETE OF in lots of 4 10% Discount or more. FREE thing or like find will yourself you 2!i% Utah residents add Tabernacle Choir Mormon Records

girl the a cute red dress saw who Recordings Columbia

DESERET CO. BOOK RECORD CENTRE

Salt 44 E. So. Temple Lake City 47 South Main ZCMI Salt Lake City, Utah

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $10.75KING JAMES VERSION 02227xBIBLES Marrakeshhalf circuit, Persianleather Morocco,lined.

Concordance. 64 pages of

Concise Helps.

5 xlVa, thick. onlyW

04434x- $10.95

The words of Christ are printed in red in this beautiful new Bible, with Concordance Morocco grain Calf binding, half circuit, imitation leather lined. 5x714, 04884x- $14.95

only %"thick. Durably bound in

Levant grain Calf, half circuit, imitation leather lined. Concordance. 5% x 8 5/8,

less than 1"thick.

The most widely known reference Bible in the English language

REFERENCE BIBLES

Available in two convenient sizes:

HANDY SIZE: 4% x 7Via x %"thick LARGE SIZE: 5Vi x SYs x %"thick IELD

133x French Morocco, half cir187x Morocco, hand grained, I REFERENCE lined. circuit, leather Conunder half corners, red cuit, round gold [bible red under black, cordance, $14.00 Concordance. gold edges.

edges, blue, brown, green, %P. KJU'/H/.V) >

maroon, red, gold edges. $25.00 MVE?

Authorized King James Version Oxford India Paper OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS

NOVEMBER 1959 865 Hundreds of Thousands bestand boughtshoes wereit neverbrownthinkingand herthatcoather a purple shade. Shy away from fads.

The World Around Theysive becauseusually ofturntheiroutshortto belife.expenFads

are really for people not secure in

Have Loved These Books their own good taste. Our church has some very definite

standards in dress. The reason for

is for your true happiness. Imby Ora Pate Stewart this

modesty breeds commonness and carelessness. If, to attract the boy

THIS WORD OF WISDOM $1.00 of your dreams, you must wear your

(New and vital. All ages.) sweaters a little too tight, your neckskirt line a little too your low, and 1.00 DAUGHTER TO MY A LETTER

in will short too your end dreams (Solves so problems.) many

nightmares. He isn't the boy you

A LETTER TO MY SON 1.00 want. A good rule for modesty is if

(No boy should be without it.) you put on a dress and stand in front

WE BELIEVE 1.00 of a fulllength mirror and see your-

(Articles of Faith, simplified.) self as a body, something is radically

GOD PLANTED A TREE 1.00 ifwrong,you seethe dressyourselfis notas modest.a person,Buta

(Has been called, "One of the finest books ever written."personality to be respected, you are

On the Bible.) dressed right.

BRANCHES OVER THE WALL 1.00 Be firm with yourself about

(Indispensable to Book of Mormon students.) grooming. Poise comes through

TREASURES UNEARTHED.'.., 1.00 looking your very best. When you

(Answers many Book of Mormon questions.) know you have taken care of every

little grooming detail, then you can

PAGES FROM THE BOOK OF EVE 2.50 forget yourself and concentrate on

(Delightful humor. Favorite for years.) the person you are with, and that

I TALK ABOUT MY CHILDREN 2.00 is the secret of being popular.

(Hilarious. Often quoted on TV.) It's a wonderful thing to be sinin are interested the one you 2.00 cerely THE MOP MOPEY

girl; like with. that "I A boy said, (For the moppets on your list.)

she makes me feel big."That is

GLEANINGS 2.50 truly a talent—one you can acquire.

(Poems. Thoughtful and uplifting.) More about this next month.

BROWN LEAVES TURNING.. 2.50

("Hands,"and other poems. Especially comforting.)

Autographed and gift wrapped.

ALMOST THREE ORA PATE STEWART 11282 Anabel Ave. by Dorothy P. Barlow

Garden Grove, California Of all the childhood years, to me

The dearest age is almost three,

When babyhood's last, charming

SALT LAKE CITY'S NEWEST HOTEL OVERtrace

LOOKING Still lingers on the little face,

HISTORIC While in the little hand's soft clasp

MORMON I feel tomorrow's stronger grasp,

TEMPLE And in today's sweet, birdlike tone rA SQUARE Hear accents of the fledgling grown.

lit These days that dawn and dusk so

Modern Coffee Shop & Dining Room -Television Air Conditioned fast

Downtown Rates: Singles $5.00 up—Doubles $7.00 upjFree Parking Terrace I treasure till they're gone at last,

Teletype Reservations Accepted Collect: SU350 Leaving a poem here with me,

CLARENCE L WEST, MANAGER Inspired by God's gift, almost three.

FREE GUEST PARKING ew parking terrace

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Leadership Training in the Classroom (Continued from page 823)

son's favorite subject.

Genuine interest in others, however, goes still deeper. A leader is

concerned with the personal development of each individual. He

tries to create rapport where the best work can be accomplished. He

is concerned with giving credit where credit is due. In short, he

recognizes that his organization is made up of people, not jobs, and that these people have differing talents, interest, and capabilities. The

art of leadership is found in the ability to coordinate these differing personalities. Getting to know them

as well as possible is an essential step in this coordination.

The Church teacher, then, has the task of developing in tomorrow's leaders a genuine appreciation for the people around them, and to demonstrate that everyone has a worthwhile contribution to make.

III. A Leadership Habit "If it's that comfortable, let's get twin Bigelows!"

It is apparent that there are certain traits of leadership which can be Naturally, two Bigelows are better than one! Better yet have

developed rather subtly, and cer- a whole houseful of beautiful Bigelow Carpets and keep tainly caption without any formal training."of "leadership such the entire family cozy, happy and proud! The rich, deep pile One

trait might be termed the "habit of and bouncy resilience of Bigelow Carpets on the dependability."floor really create a feeling of rest and quiet in any home.

One of the worst factors in any Everybody lives better, looks better on Bigelows.

organization is the executive who is not dependable. A sales manager

who is habitually late to sales meetPeople who know... buyings will most likely lose his orBigelowrugs. carpets. since 1825

ganization. An aspiring businessman

seldom reaches the top in his profession until after he demonstrates his ability to carry out assignments promptly and effectively. A Church

leader who doesn't fulfil his promises and assignments soon loses the respect and confidence of those around him. Dependability is one of those

essential human qualities absolutely necessary to any rising leader. The Church teacher has a definite ALL OVER AMERICArole in the development of dependPeople are turning to Electric Radiant

ability. In Sunday School and MIA, heating for more—

in each room)for instance, the teacher who is COMFORTCLEANLINESS(a separate(no smoke,thermostatsoot or dirt) planning ahead may make definite SAFETY (no combustion, noise or moving parts) assignments for assistance in preLIVING SPACE (no furnace, ducts, pipes, vents or fuel storage) senting the lesson. Student particiInSOLARUtah,ELECTRICIdaho, HEATINGMontana,ANDWyoming,INSULATIONColorado,forNorthern California people are turning to

pation in the preparation and A package deal—heating and insulation complete

costs heating that results—written competitive will be of posGuaranteed with ANY things aspresentation such

heating other fuel system. and less than ANYguarantee

skits, graphs, charts,ters, classroom successful installations. experienced Counseling already have of from hundreds men—weother electric

and flannelboard demonstrations not Reliablein allequipment—Wethe world. are exclusive franchisee) distributors of GE Heating Cable, the finest

only makes the lessons more interAsk your Power Co. about US. Live better Electrically.

Mail inquiries to: SOLAR ELECTRIC HEAT & INSULATION

28 East 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah

NOVEMBER 1959 867 esting but also serves as a tool for IV. A Suggested Classroom were soon appointed to head certain

teaching dependability. A student Technique committees and to plan class activican be made to feel that his assignties.

ment is essential to the success of One of the writer's most delightful One might wonder, with the limthe lesson, and when he has comexperiences in the Church educationited social program that the seminary pleted it, the proper recognition and al system was to observe a seminary allows, what there was for such an praise from the wise teacher can teacher a few years ago who was a elaborate organization to do. But

make him feel the satisfaction that master of classroom organization. Brother P. had no trouble at all.

always comes with the knowledge Brother P. was a mildmannered, There is no time to go into details

that he is considered dependable. lovable man who had the enviable here, but before the end of the year

The bitter fruits which come from ability to hold the interest of young two outstanding socials had been lack of dependability will only people in almost any situation. held. One of them was a parents'

naturally be felt in a small way by Even without the aid of his wellnight, completely planned and carthose who may not fulfil their asdeveloped organization he could ried out by students, where unique signments, but who, it is hoped, will have been an outstanding teacher. refreshments were served, a seminary

resolve to make a better effort anBut Brother P. knew the importance chorus sang, and students presented

other time. of leadership training in the classto parents a discussion of the values

The teacher who knows he can room. He was teaching an earlyof seminary. Four or five times

hold the interest of a class through morning seminarv class. After the during the year special devotional

the use of his own stories, pictures, first few days he began to demonprograms, again entirely planned and and blackboard illustrations and strate the principles of organization conducted by student leaders, were thus sees no need for student activiand leadership. He provided for held in place of seminary class, and

ties may indeed be doing a fine job. class elections after explaining the on the day before Thanksgiving such

He might consider the thought, howtype of people who were needed a program was held and opened to ever, that he may well be robbing for officers. Thus, outstanding bovs the public. Sacrament meeting prohis students of some valuable trainand girls become seminary leaders grams were presented not only in

ing in the necessary habits of for the year. In addition to the the seminary's home ward, but in

leadership by failing to give them president, vice president, secretary, neighboring wards. A classroom

some needed responsibility. and treasurer, several other officers {Continued on page 872)

NEW FROM! VIRCO The "CHAMPION"

High Quality, Low Budget Folding Chair

Check these outstanding features:

"jAr Reinforced seat

"Can't tip"safetytested * jc Three leg braces not two Ar Fusion welded and brazed k Tough bakedon enamel finish -k New longlife plastic leg tips it Vircoloy steel - 20% stronger

Virco also offers a complete line of folding chairs and folding tables for every purse and purpose.

VIRCO MANUFACTURING CORP.

P. 0. Box 44846, Station "H"

Los Angeles, California

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

NOVEMBER 19.39 869

The quality of idleness

Richard L. Evans

We closed last week with a quoted comment that "the outlook for our country lies in the quality of

THE its idleness... t"1 To this we would add that the

SPOKEN outlook of lies an individual in the quality of his WORD also. idleness a in time There comes the lives of

those who live longer, when, for one reason or another, they must

Before you build or alter their activities. Things change, and people change, and personnel and procedures change. Thereremodel is no job that manmade your home SEND FOR FREE continues forever, always and is earthly and no tenure that unendINFORMATION ON HEATFORM warm ing. those live out And the who lengthening life years of face

aircirculating fireplace units—or always the prospect of altered activities, and of a possible time of

retirement. the feeling vary from that Men retirement is a hopedfor enclose $1 for this BEAUTIFUL 52 PAGE Utopia, to feeling the it is that inactivity. intolerable an a But 1/2")(11"x8 BOOK OF 88 PRIZE WINchange of responsibilities not does that one mean should the sit on

NING HEATFORM FIREPLACE DESIGNS sidelines. There is infinitely much undone. There is infinitely

much to be done. There need is much of of mature judgment,

plus vital fireplace construction data. mature emotions, of the experience steadying and leadership that

older those give can to those younger. of the of functions units One areHEATFORM tr:rr <gr% the mature mind, said is Maurice Linden,available alive "keeping in 5 models human for

2."of judgment, maintaining skills... it humanany isn't reasondesign single And or of

multiple opening fireplace able to become accustomed to work and its great good, all the long length of life, and then be content altogether without it. Whenever

is life organized idleness around is inactivity, or there SUPERIOR emptiness. FIREPLACE an COMPANY

Pioneer designers and manufacturers of Heat Life of asks always certain us a flexibility, of amount and always

Circulating Fireplace Units and HiForm Dampers it inevitably of asks us adjustments to the of years changing timeDept.!E,4325ArtesiaAve. IE, Dept. N. 601 Point Rd. it but does of not ask us the retirement of idleness,Fullerton, of only California but Baltimore 6, Maryland

altered activity. "The old retain their intellectual powers provided

their interests and inclination continue,"3 said Cicero. "What one

has, that one to use; ought its is allotted each... to appropriate Order Today

.. quality so the. and feebleness of children, as as well

spirit of youth, the of soberness years, ripe mature the and wisdom GRIND the high YOUR OWN of a certain have. age—all natural advantage should which be FLOUR CEREAL &

in its (garnered).. season."proper as so long a feels person 5 And this with sturdy

likely to lengthen the health of life. and happiness WHEAT MILL useful—is useful—and flexible—and enjoys willing work—he is more "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the More Than

12,000 Sold Columbia Broadcasting System, September 13, 1959. Copyright 1959.

to Date Trwin Edman, On American Leisure.

ONLY sCicero,2Maurice OnLinden,Old Age.M.D., The Human Life Cycle.

POSTPAID

ANYWHERE IN AMERICA THOUGHTS

by Maxine Clayton Greenwood Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all kinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds VA

pounds of flour or cereal per minute.... Valley, with your jacquard floor, Fully guaranteed Pehrson's. by

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS Your winding streams, and precious store

Bequeathed from those who've gone beforePlease send me one Wheat Mill. Enclosed is I am most blest. (check or $6.50 order.) money

Name...

Address Mountain, with your snowy crest,

City Your timberblanket fertile breast—

State For gifts from Him who knoweth best

I stand in awe!.. f

PEHRS0N HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH -F

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The World's First Super Lubricant at a Motor Oil Price protects car engines like a charm—at belowzero temperatures, at 100F. above!

Put your carand your cares in CONOCO'S hands

More than an oil change is going into this engine. Our Conoco Dealer's adding the peace of

mind that goes hand in hand with skilled Conoco care. For example: the extra margin

of protection assured by Conoco's exclusive OilPlating discovery. It helps

Conoco allseason Super Motor Oil cling permanently to upper engine surfaces... protects engines against wear 24 hours a day. Fine protection? The best—and

typical of the products you get from Conoco Dealers everywhere.

HOTTEST BRAND GOING..CONOCO!

CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY (c) 1959, Continental Oil Company

NOVEMBER 1959 871.

Leadership Training in the In short, Brother P. knew how to

Classroom. inspire young people with a sense

of responsibility. He knew the need

(Concluded from page 868) not only for class organization, but also for constructive, worthwhile missionary program resulted in an activity. He knew that the youtli

adult convert to the Church. Memof the Church is a choice generation,

bers of the ward who were hospitalcapable of taking responsibility.

ized never failed to receive a visit There is no reason why this techThe FINEST... or some remembrance from the nique cannot be applied to every

BRIDAL GOWNS seminary class. A young girl who teaching organization in the Church.

FORMALS was ill, unable to attend school or Brother P. knew the classroom was

DRESSES seminary for the entire year, received the ideal place to develop the atLINGERIE her seminary lessons through the titudes and habits of leadership sc student organization. Daily opening essential to the future greatness of

exercises were conducted by class the Church. This greatness, may we

leaders with no prompting whatsosuggest, will only come if the leaders ever from the teacher. Students who of tomorrow are firmly anchored to

were absent excessively received visthe high ideals of the Church, if they its or phone calls from class memlearn to love the Church and the bers. And finally, the class always people in it, if they develop the habit

began on time, with most of the of dependability, and if present 38 South Main Salt Lake City students there—a unique accomleaders and teachers give them opplishment when considering the speportunity to use their abundant

cial problems of early morning energy and initiative within the seminaries. framework of the Church today.

PORTABLE The Church Moves On Coat and Hat Racks (Continued from page 800) Holds 72 coats The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder hats and of of as the Delbert the Stapley adviser L. Council an Twelve

service as a small as into unfolds a rackWheelscart. The the of Associations. advisers Improvement Other Mutual 6'6"coats unit riKid holding Veeplongreadily

Scientifically counter72 hais. with a Sets upand Elders Taft Petersen, Benson, are Ezra E. L. Richard Evans, Mark it set that be can so up of the sweep

fold in balancedliterally down in 2... arms of of the the Morris Council and Twelve. George andas umbrella. easily secondsas storage an Q. or 3 seconds.

steel with tubular of square "orBuilt closedend of shelves hat cast supported by tubesdoublealuminum asto Plated brackets. First that Presidency the States urged ConstituUnited The Wheels in beauty. permanentaluminumsure throughordinfinish. Qualityandengineering, tion at discussed be Sacrament ary meeting tomorrow. The vet efficientconstruction equipment mostThe 8'4'xdoorways. area meeting for dining and in part: read "Gladstone the announcement stores described racks etc. Conequipment, standby developedrooms,

varies. for 720 people. "load"the for wherever... stitution the off as struck at a 'most ever wonderful given work time

Bulletin forWrife VP690 of brain the man,'the and purpose Prophet and by Smith Joseph 'CO. ELPETER VOG SON it of glorious as standard,'in of spoke 'founded the a wisdom n,y II!. St., Elmhurst, 83 Madison & ByRt...."God.'

The First Presidency commended the charitable and worthy / low Tuailable I objectives of the United Fund, and trusted that the members of the Church would be generous in supporting the campaign for from the Musical Production funds which is now in progress.

Sand In Their Shoes (SaltTheLakeappointmentCity) Stake,of Presidentto membershipCasper H.on Parkerthe generalof the HillsideChurch

Music—Crawford Gates welfare committee was announced.

Lyrics—Don Oscarson

Sheet music of the SongsSand In Their Shoes

Too Many Dreams America's youth, indicted by public opinion as reckThe Sun Is Rising less and carefree, is blamed for misdeeds, but the real

Now There's Life Within The fault lies elsewhere.... The adult generation forgets

Mountain that the most solemn obligation any person can assume

At your local music dealer in the eyes of God and Man is to guide and direct a child along proper paths....

or—J. Edgar Hoover

PACIFIC PUBLICATIONS Station 1—Box 435

Provo, Utah

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—On the spot with what's new

"DOWN ON THE FARM

KSLRADIO FARM DIRECTOR TED CAPENER'S NEWS BEAT

IS the FARMS and RANCHES of MOUNTAIN AMERICA

Farming and ranching is "big business"in the vast 90 county area covered by the Big K—and that's the

reason KSLRadio's full time Farm Director Ted

Capener is so often seen up and down the highway, over the backroads, out in the barn or field. Ted and

his staff cover the Mountain America farm picture accurately and completely because they're "on the spot"—frequently.

KSLRadio is the only radio station in the area with a full time Farm Director. Ted correlates the steady

flow of national and regional reports with his own first

KSLRadio is always there to cover important news hand information, to present a well rounded, dayto- events, and has received many important awards over day picture to the 202,300 persons comprising 81,948 the years for a job "well done!"farm families in the KSL listening area.

Farm news, market information and weather is covered

Monday through Friday on the early morning 6 - 7:00

a. m. show; on "This Business of Farming"at 12:15

p. rri.; and a five minute capsule updating the day's

happenings at 6:30 p. m. In addition, important farm

news is highlighted in KSLRadio's many aroundthe- clock newscasts. When you want farm news, listen to—

1160 ON YOUR DIAL

Intermountain retailers know the power and value of voice, KSLRadio's wholeheartedly cooperate and in 145 SOCIAL HALL AVENUE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH tips current supplying area. farm from their own

NOVEMBER 1959 873 a "The will to work—and enjoy it

Richard L. Evans

These words of dedication from a grateful author currently appear in print: "To my own mother

THE and father and to all parents like them, who have

SPOKEN dedicated their lives to providing their children WORD with the world's best inheritance—The Will to Work

and the Wisdom to Enjoy It."1 And then he adds this observation:

just are as can't long properly be miserable as you and enDeluxe Portable Seating "You

..."is for misery. joyably there busy; This thought is no room

by further fortified with these words that come from a significant

HeywoodWakefield source of a century or so ago: "To have no regular work, no set

all... sphere thing it is! a miserable have of activity—what... To chairs proportable

HEYWOOD- 1 feeling stagnation, of intolerable—the is something wants satisfied vide an economical, 'WAKEFIELD

convenient means of which comes from pleasures that last too long."- "One must have

obtaining additional, leisure to be a pessimist; an active life almost always brings good

temporary seating spirits in body and in mind."'1 To this we would add the voice of

sacrificing comfort without capacity exist, to Voltaire: occupied, not to to the "Not be and amount

in fullAvailable decor. dignity of or

. all said. self give one's thing the occupasame he "One must cushion spring models, upholstered

... this life in to world. further one can supportable The.. make,"plytion durable semiupholstered, and

wood, the entire line features welded I advance in age, the more I find work necessary. It becomes in the

tubular stee! frame construction which long run the greatest of pleasures, and takes the place of the illuassures years of extra service. Write sions of life."4 One more witness we would add from a more recent

for illustrated literature. source: "Inactivity, were it only for physiological reasons, is a

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY torment to a healthy human being... inactivity speedily becomes

Auditorium Seating Division a torment as soon as the normal craving for rest and leisure has

MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN been satisfied...,"5 Too many times it has been said, not to be trite,

but not nearly enough times considering how true—that the Lord

God meant us to earn our way by our own effort. He could have

made for us an effortless existence—if he hadn't known that growth

and character and competence and satisfaction of soul come only with work—work that feeds and disciplines and develops and

satisfies the spirit, the physical side, the mind and heart of man.

"The outlook for our country"wrote Irwin Edman, "lies in the quality of its idleness...."And to this we would add, in the

quantity of its idleness also. And only can we say in gratitude,

thank God for the blessing, for the right, for the privilege—for restoring, healing, peace giving, satisfying—even for the blessed necesSHOWN sity—of useful, willing work.

ACTUAL SIZE "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, September 6, 1959. Copyright 1959.

JDr. Orlando A. Battista, How to Enjoy Work and Get More Fun Out of Life.

53. Counsels Maxims, p. and

Story Schopenhauer, C 2Schopt'nhauer,3Will Duiant, The of Philosophy, TO THE mW Woltaire, In SainteBeuve, i, 226. ch. vii.

HARD OF 5HenriIrwin Edman,De Man,OnJoyAmericanin Work.Leisure.

SendHEARINGfor your Free cardboard replica of the powerful New Telex Behindthe-Ear toin your home own it on for sizeday! Try

fits it ear. THIS DAY'S PATTERN your behind comfortablysee how

If you are hard of hearing—or have a

mail clip and poor withfriend hearing—the by Mabel Jones Gabbott of this free replica new today. Yourcoupon

Telex hearing aid will be sent to you by return Too many patterns Poorly cut and patched, mail.TELEXr Telex Park, SI. Pool I, Minn. Dept. D-31 Leave a life's fabric TELEX,

Please send me information and a free r-eplica of this Unbecomingly matched.

new Telex.

Name

Address City State - 874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

'n spice SUGAR

. n everything nice

That's what little girls are made of. And that's what Thanksgiving

feasts are made of. Stuffed turkey, cranberries and candied yams,

not to mention pumpkin pies topped with whipped cream and cookies, cakes and candy, all help make Thanksgiving the happy

holiday it is. Almost everything on our Thanksgiving

table needs "sugar 'n spice"to make it nice.

For your fancy Thanksgiving recipes and throughout the year, use U and I Sugar. It's as fine, as white, as pure

a sugar as money can buy.

NOVEMBER 1959 875 Your Future Is Secure Bookrack THE TEXTILE ARTS Virla Birrell. Harper & Bros., New York. With Savings 1959. 514 pages. $12.50.

The subtitle of the book gives insight

Enjoy a secure future. Put your money to work for you now in an into the comprehensive quality of the book:

INSURED savings account at AMERICAN. Your dollars are protected "A Handbook of Fabric Structure and

by ample reserves, 36 years of dependable service, PLUS they re Weaving,Design Processes:Braiding, AncientPrinting, andandModernOther

insured to $1 0,000 by an agency of the Federal GovernTextile Techniques."But no subtitle

ment. Add to or open your account today. HQ** wouldquality inof anythe waybook,indicateits illustrations,the exquisiteand

its tremendous value as a text on the lll! fundamentals of the textile arts.

The author has spent ten years in redtne/ikan Sawuti search and study to prepare this book, f about which the editor states: "Many

HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah bookson historichavetextiles,been publishedon textile design.on weaving,This

SUGAR HOUSE Branch: 21 86 Highland Drive BRANCH OFFICE: 1 1 42 - 1 2th Avenue particular one is unique in combining in

Salt Lake City, Utah Kaimuki, Oahu one definitive volume these several aspects textile arts."the South GRANGER: 3555 Market Street BRANCH OFFICE: 1 09 Waianuenue Avenue of

particular value to Relief Society Of Salt Lake City Utah 4, Hilo, Hawaii others in arts and who engage women

DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii in the and crafts, text would assist them

many of their projects. Of interest to

Latterday Saints, Virla Birrell is also author of the Book of Mormon Guidebook.

-M. C. J.

HISTORY OF UTAH // The Toast of the Town"OUTLINE AND THE MORMONS made with pany,GustiveSaltO. LakeLarson.City.Deseret1958. Book308 pages.Com-

$2.75.

Gustive O. Larson has had many years'

experience in teaching and study of the history present time of the Church. At the TABLE QUEEN

Univerof Brigham Young he is a member sity faculty, specializing in Utah and LDS—of course /

history. Larson In addition, Elder Church

served as president of the Swedish Mission and knows what is needed from a missionary point of view.

The material is compact for ready access to the basic facts, with a bibliography that encourages the reader to continue his own study of Utah and the Mormons. This is

a book that will prove an invaluable book

Tastes better—toasts for home, school, and Church study.

better—because Table Queen -M. C. /.

has a smooth, even texture.

Try a loaf today—see how good SURVEY OF AMERICAN

bread can be. CHURCH RECORDS

E. Kay Kirkham. Deseret Book Company,

ROYAL AKING COMPANY, Salt lake and ogden SaltForLakeLatterdayCity. 1959.Saints221whopages.are searching$2.50.

for their dead, this book will afford additional insight concerning places for further

New investigation. The author has made a

of recstate search denominations and of HOMEIMPORT What Can also religious of includes a glossary ords; he

further terms, and and abbreviations words BUSINESS!

titles to aid researcher. the The authori Men—Women. We show you For bigprofit to import items how its You? title Do this specific 1, with "Major Volume

foreign amazing low specialist heart two Famous and Denominations."'W at left). at (examples Your homeprices

physiologists noroffice. list tell how your Get effective lmis noted of 157 has Elder done Kirkham much

Full or spare time FREE! and mal can keep men jports'women in traveled genealogy fit, work about and has business Order. by Mail take Or trim, active youthful, particand stores. orders from of volume of miles in the interest Imhis studies 30,000

jewelry, clothing, port sporting ularly after 35, by simple libraries, various genealogical exerthe becomgoods, hardware, etc. NO EXPEcises that stimulate the circulaIN ing proacquainted RIENCE with personnel OR INVESTMENT and PRODobligation NEEDED. UCTS Without tion. free Mailed as public a cedures.—M. C. J. for details Clocks send today comblete 65t'service Exercise by Health, For of 157 imports FREE! and Air in Germany mail listreaches night. us over The 2520, 17, N. Box Y. York Ask New value $5 Co., Mellinger 1717 Westwood, 66. 65 for pamphlets and A-6U, in U.S.A. Dept. X165B,Los Angeles Calif. 24,

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Modesty, the Hallmark of a Lady(Continued from page 821) Holiday Treats lary and is pitied and shunned by.. festive, fancy and sweet

all cultured people. Profaning the

name of God is an affront to him, with doublerich Morning Milk and he has forbidden it.

We pray that virtue and modesty may garnish the thoughts and adorn the lives of our people, young and old; that we may be known for our

temperance, propriety, culture, and integrity. Let our thoughts, words,

dress, and general deportment indicate our belief in the sanctity of the body as the temple of God even as

Paul declared it to be:

"... for ye are the temple of the

living God; as God hath said, I will

dwell in them, and walk in them;

and I will be their God, and they Morning Milk Pumpkin Pie shall be my people."(II Cor. 6:16.) (Makes 9-inch singlecrust pie)

"If any man defile the temple of I cup sugar Vi teaspoon fring er 1% cups (3 large can):

God, him shall God destroy; for the V/i teaspoons cinVz teaspoon salt undiluted

temple of God is holy, which temple Vi namonteaspoon cloves IVi2 eggscups canned 9-inchMORNINGsinglecrustMILK ye are."(I Cor. 3:17, italics added.) ViV< teaspoonteaspoon allspicenutmeg pumpkin unbaked pie shell

To defile is to tarnish and to tarnish is "to destroy the luster of inBlondMorningsugar,Milk.spices,Pourandintosalt unbakedtogether.pieAddshell.eggsBakeand pumpkin.in hot ovenMix(425well"F.)Stir1.5

as by exposure."Young ladies, be minutes; reduce to moderate heat (350 P.) and continue baking about 35

ladies under all circumstances and minutes, or until knife inserted in pie mixture comes out clean. Cool..;.

proudly wear the Hallmark of l-KCn.rprpi BookletMorningofMMkHolidaydi S p|aTreaty. recipes at your grocer'sModesty.

Kayaks Down the Nile you a special(Continued from page 816) Differsmented us to the point of hysteria R0 as with wallowed and staggered we It treat to acquaint you with loadsour in kneedeep muck.

seemed every creeping, crawling, flying vampire in the neighborhood had come to prospect our bodies for America's No. 1 refrigerated dressings!food.

We sloshed through the stifling swamp, slapping frantically at the voracious insects, and reached a grassy glade on top of the bank surrounded by formidable thorn trees.

Here we found an ideal spot to cache

Andre's wrecked kayak, then we gathered up the bags which it had ROQUEFORT CHEESE contained and trudged downstream BLEU CHEESE to make camp near our boat landing. (both carry the imported seal)

a time fire and had made weBy the it dusk;set tent a SOUR CREAM our was up

spectacular African sunset brought THOUSAND ISLAND a fiery conclusion to the longest and nmost painfully memorable day of EnclosedROD'S, P.O.are tlieBOXfollowing15925, Labels.LOS ANGELES(Please check15, CALIF.labelsour lives. As the day faded into NOW THAT IT'S SALAD TIME * you enclose and amount of money you are eligible for.)

night, the fire with heavy Dollar. up send 1000 ISLAND CHEESE BLEU we built me my

labels I have the enclosed ROQUEFORT SOUR all CREAM laid the outbranches, different varieties 4 damp LOOKIN THEIRFOR BRANDNEWROD'S DRESSINGSFOIL fromPlease

Salad Dressing. of ROD'S NAME grass on the coarse aroundequipment LABELS IN YOUR GROCER'S Please (Please print) send 500. I me my

into in a stuporit, then collapsed labels enclosed have the ADDRESSdifferent varieties 3 from

CITY Z0NE STATE Salad Dressing. of ROD'Sour sleeping bags. We were covered PRODUCEDAIRY OR DEPARTMENT,DELICATESSEN per family. refund LIMIT One Please send 250. I me my

CASES. have enclosed the labels Void in anyany areaarea wherewhere taxed,

or restricted prohibited otherwise by varieties 2 different from

.. expires 31, 1960. January law. Offer Salad Dressing. of ROD'S

NOVEMBER 1959 877 BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION quitowith chigger,bites, andtsetse smartingfly, and frommosMEANS scratchessaw grass, andbut cutsthoughfromourthornsfirst tasteand in of kayaking Africa had been BETTER BAKING nearly fatally distasteful, the angel of death had passed us by this time.

The only emotion we could register was a tremendous gratitude still to be alive—alive and in one piece!

From the moment when I awakened on the morning after our balanced can you be sure of accident, luxuriating in the delicious uniform in action the mixing feeling of being alive, realized and bowl plus final that rise to light and fluffy texthat we had survived the calamity unscathed, I felt transformed in perSOMETHINO sonality and perspective. I had experienced many nearfatal mishaps MISSING*

and adventures during my life but Something is missing none engendered a sense of apprein your diet if you're not ciation of living as did my intimate taking NEOLIFE, the only encounter with death in the Kagera. whole food supplement.

For the first time I really began to NEOLIFE, with its exclusive savor life minutely, and with an Treen-en research grain CLABBER GIRL appreciation that knew no bounds. base, contains not just

EXCLUSIVELY known as the I resolved to nourish it throughout vitamins or minerals, but

Baking Powder with the the remaining years of my life and all the nutrients needed for full living. healthy, happy, each day to the fullest, with BALANCED double action live

to investitime optimism if it appreciation, and Now is the as

HULMAN & COMPANY last. gate NEOLIFE! won't You The natives were my of many TERRE HAUTE, in drug INDIANA African tribes NEOLIFE believe they find that when

retire to slumber at night they expestores; it is available only

rience death which is overcome each through authorized distribudawn as long as their souls remain tors... perhaps one of your

in their bodies. As a consequence of friends or neighbors.

this belief they live a dayto-day For the address of the

day of their lives as if they had seen area, mail the coupon below..'HOME - i existence, enjoying each separate NEOLIFE dealer in your

the dawn for the last time. The

famous "Look to this Day"from NEOLIFE

The Sanskrit, captures the essence MAKERS of this philosophy. DISTRIBUTORSHIPS

to this day! serve "Look For it is life, AVAILABLE life the very life of

ZOOM In its brief course lie all the varieties To learn the possibility of and realities existence: your a fullor becoming of your parttime... ihe distributor, just NEOLIFE The bliss of growth;

fnsfant cooking whole The glory of action; fillcouponout andbelow.mail the

The splendor of beauty;

wheat cereal If You For yesterday is already a dream, have fi'me fo bofl waferand tomorrow is only a vision;

But today, well lived, makes every

You have ffme for Zoom I yesterday - A dream of happiness, and every tocooks Faster INSTANT COOKING morrow a vision of hope.

than QUICK... WZZtM LookSuch iswell,the therefore,salutation toof thisthe Dawn!"day!

tastes Better COMPANY OF AMERICA

Every afternoon around three% than GOOD! NEOLIFE CO. OF AMERICA the short rainy 'Fred season maniAlldredge, 333D, Sandy, Ut. Rt. 1, Box WHOU WHEAT CEREAL 'o'clock,

fested itself with clocklike regularity the ithe of 1 NeoLfe name,Please in | J a brief torrential but rainstorm in distributor area my send me which drove to us the sheldubious "] details on becominc my DRINK ter of 'fragile our it tent until distributor a NeoLife—

ficqo thundered on. Not a "penniesfrom- Name heaven"rain but a deluge in har- A delightful

Address. hot beverage for those

who don't drink coffee. City Zon< Stat

AT YOUR GROCERS 878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rica Motel mony with the wild, rugged land, with silverdollar drops pouring MAIN STREET MAIN down in sheets with such force that STREET our tent was soon filled with a fine AT 5TH mist. found that we We could SOUTH progress follow the storm'sactually

as it swept along over the undulating direction theveldt us from toward 320 Rooms The Motel violent Victoria. windof Lake A

preceded the rain by several minutes Air Conditioned with the sometimes reaching such an intenCOFFEE SHOP Barber Shop Hotelsity that we had to hold the tent down to keep it from being carried Location off. The noise of the thunder sounded

exactly like a ship being ground to pieces on a rocky reef during a hurricane.

FOLDKING YOUR SALT LAKE COMPLETE, NOT PERFECT OPTICAL by Paul Champlin Burdick TEMPEREDNO.PlAiTlCIIEDK-3 MASONITTABLETOP HEADQUARTERS

FOLDING TABLE LINE Not in some distant time or place Kitchen committees, social groups,Am I to hear the still small voice Factory prices attention!—discountsDirectfrom-up EYEGLASSES

terms. Churches,To guide, to counsel, and to feed, toSchools,40 ri Clubs,—LodgesBut now and here, my prayer within, organizations. Our newandMonall CONTACT LENSES

I am complete. roeBanquet1960TablesFoldKingare unmatchedFolding for quality, durability, convenARTIFICIAL EYES

life in distant or ance. Models and 08 STORAGE, day some HANDLING,Not EASY sizes. HEARING AIDS I to of a son God, beAm 1960 BIG CATALOG FREE—

all his toHeir power, wondrous trucks, table chairs, and cnair line tables, pictures. Full Color

But even now this hour, this day, platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. 52nd year.

... I am complete. THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa 3 LOCATIONS

FILMS! OPTICALThe SHOP

It was while we were patiently DEVELOPED & PRINTED sitting out one of these shortlived 420 Boston Bldg.

but severe tempests that I heard 368 East First South strange humanlike sounds that were 1062 East 2100 South

Coin Send Only sitting I of storm.not the on was 3-5262 EM C.O.D.'s.—No floor tent ofthe the rubber beside Copied PHOTOS Salt Lake City, Utah thin the tone and Andre whenJean r GENEALOGY—

of a voice emerged from the stormy broadcast! that so faint It was at PHOTO

it.first I thought imagined I had

But when my companions suddenlysat bolt upright and looked around CRUISE the them bewilderedlv I knew that Ihad not dreamed it. At another call When you think of TRAVEL CARIBBEAN

we scrambled out of the tent in spite ON THE S.S. ARIADNE

of the downpour and immediately Think of MURDOCK TRAVEL 2 NASSAUJAMAICA-HAVANA CRUISES located the source. Across the river 51 North State Salt Lake City, Utah Leaving Jan. 5 and Jan. 15, for Nassauhuddled together under a thorn tree DA 2-1 129 Montego BayHAVANA-9 days $190.00 up.

and happily waving at us with wide GRAND CARIBBEAN CRUISE grins were five rainsoaked Africans, "rescuers"!our May I explain why Jan.loupe 25,—Grenadafor Havana—La—GuairaSan Juan—Curacao—Guade-—

NEOLIFE Cartagena—San Bias—Cristobal—Montego

(To be continued) Assures you of abundantly more healthy living. Bay—Grand Cayman. 20 days $535 and up.

Please write, phone or visit me evenings. Write for information

Service Travel Christopherson ALBERT JAMES HUGHES "Big John"Weenig Jefferson, 7, Utah Murray 6510 144, PROVO, UTAH BOX

Phone AM 6-8230 NOVEMBER 1959 879 The Last Word

The diamond cannot be polished without friction, The curious motorist nor man perfected without trials. stopped in a vacation area

; \ 't to observe a farmer putting

up a building.

It is advisable to be careful when you give adviceCOTTAGE "What are you building?"

somebody might take it. our man asked.

FOR RENT "Well,"answered the farmer. "If I can rent it,

The reason a dollar won't do as much for people as it's a rustic cottage nestled it used to is because people won't do as much for a 'neath two tall pines. If I

dollar as they used to. can't, it's a cowshed."

The nervous relatives were all gathered in the lawThis would be a fine world if all men showed as yer's office eagerly waiting for him to read Uncle much patience all the time as they do when they're

Jaspei-'s will. waiting for a fish to bite.

The lawyer read: "Being of sound mind, I spent

all my money."

There are two kinds of men who never amount to much—those who cannot do what they are told, and

A tongue twister is a group of words that suddenly those who can do nothing else.

gets your tang all tonguled up.—Cyrus H. K. Curtis

A Sunday School teacher, having read during the week that there are 3,566,480 letters in the Bible, put

Don't be fooled by the the question to his class of teenage boys on Sunday.

calendar. There are only The first answer he received was 3,000,533.

as many days in the year "Is that right?"he asked, pursuing the question.

as you make use of. One "No,"came a voice from the back of the room.

man gets only a week's "Will you please tell us how many there are, then?"

value out of a year while The answer came with clarity: "Twentysix letters,

another gets a full year's Brother Brown. Just twentysix letters."

value out of a week.

—Charles Richards

An egotist is a person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.

Threeyear-old Stephen Michael was getting his alwith the intent that only a threeyear-old could give lowance—a whole nickel—for the week and showed it. Then came the logic and the wisdom:

some interest in the coin. "But, Mommy, where's his car?"

Thinking it was a good time for a little lesson in history his mother said: "That's Jefferson on one side No matter how widely you have traveled, you

of the nickel, and on the other side is Monticello, his haven't seen the world if you have failed to look into home."the human hearts that inhabit it.

Immediately the coin was turned over and studied—Donald Culross Peattie

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m TO THE BLESSEDNESS OF FAMILY LIVING ADD

THE SECURITY OF FAMILY LIFE PROTECTION

Single Policy Now Covers Entire

FamilyNo Matter How Many

Children You Now HaveNo Matter

How Many More You May Have

FREE'&&af tells the story The complete story of the new Family Life plan it sharcost? living does Another family means much How in written Gold rehas "The been up Book"—ALLFAMILY this of for, Family feature Isn't markable new that work you what little this "gold of copy INONE PROTECTION. A

is cost. surprisingly the Life low things Policy to good have more ing.Dad—Fill in is free. the information"yours of mine

if father 30, are family? That's age instance, a withto For your you share why it to us today. below convenient send coupon and

all family benefits of the of realize importance the can your add own youyou first to get obligation. the no cost—among Be No life only for 38c perhaps a your coverage more insurance—monthpersonal

plan. facts this wonderful the new on it life for enpossession because your valuable than would pay ownmost you

ables you to keep on sharing, even if protection. That's all you pay for the

something happens to you. But, until extra protection, no matter how many

now, there has been no way for you to children you now have or how many really share the "living values"of this more there are in the future—that's all

possession. Until prized now, themost you ever pay—just 38 cents a month! FOR FATHER for protection could get youonly way

children wife, your on and startyour Life this Family examine you When their of programsinsurance own was will there find that to plan, are many you buy a separate policy for each individual. more wonderful features. You'll learn $1,000 up. values loan add and cash how How

! is all that changed you Now now But FOR MOTHER of other the faminsurance on members all eligible of the include memberscan (If as father) age tame ily expiration to without date continues in insurance proyour family own

if father, the further you, premiums policy, cost at one low one withyourtection—or totally You'll disabled. lost should be increased! the never be With canthat

the insurance see term on that your Life of Policy Bankers & 395L than children more means much rOOO just M Plan Cross White Company'sCasualty it benefits, FOR CHILD EACH because be can concash life in propermanent get $5,000you insurto of verted form any permanent 85. at cash including age pays that youtection those

expiration without a medical before ance receives policy, mother the sameUnder to yet born be is last, Here, at examination! the family is if protection she in your term$1,000

really shares. that plan insurance Mail eligible child under each and agesame

for free convenient today the coupon copy of coverage $1,000. gets term also18

of obligation. Gold "The no Book"—addigrows, family each your asAnd

tional child is automatically added to Cut on dotted lines to edge of paper for at age 15 days, policy $500your the your MAIL COUPON TODAY f"from"to full $1,000 whenincreasing old is 6 without months babynew to the cost cent policy!ing one of your addNo Postage NameFIRST CLASS

Permit No. 12735 Needed

AddressChicago, III.

Zone I City -or RR# -StafeBANKERS LIFE & CASUALTY CO.

NO POSTAGE STAMP NECESSARYREPLYIF MAILED IN THE UNITEDMAILSTATES THE WHITE Hi CROSS PLAN I BUSINESS

An OldLine Legal Reserve Stock Company POSTAGE WILL BE PAID BY

HOME OFFICE Bankers Life & Casualty Co.

4444 W. Lawrence Ave., Chicago 30, Illinois 4444 W. Lawrence Ave., Dept. 2550

Chicago 30, Illinois 090119 OPPORTUNITIES

Like to be your own boss? And would you like great satisfaction of knowing that you are helping

to know that there's no arbitrary ceiling on your the many families you serve in a way that they will earning power, or your advancement? Would you surely appreciate over many years.

also like to have the prestige and professional status "Ask the man who owns one"is a famous old that can be yours in only a few occupations? advertising slogan. We suggest, if you are serious

These are just a few of the benefits that capable about investigating life insurance career opportunmen enjoy as life insurance agents. There is also the ities, that you "Ask the man who is one"... ask

your Beneficial agent.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Building, SaltBeneficial Lake City, Utah

Please send information me more about life BENEFICIAL LIFE!!!!".,

careerinsurance opportunities. f/tiufamce 111 SI SSC9BBS

.; cnare BBSName

Address. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah We

City,:..Zone. State.