I I

'\,'l

na

JUNE, 193 9 HIJURIi MSTA6E: OMRANIEEO

|;|.T t*KE 5iTy, UT*H

// fHlNGSm i0 to get the best possible "turnin deal"on your car

From now on, give an Then, when you sell the car,

Authorized Sheliubrication Dealer show this documentary file full responsibility for its upkeep of Shellubrication Receipts! %

To relieve worries of motoring driving you assure you and If your car has had better -than -average care—

comfort Shellubrication your dealer of safehas a combination guards no other system offers: (l) Trained Shellubrication your Shellubrication Receipts will be docuspecialists; (2) Factory -engineered Shell ChekCharts; mentary evidence of it.

Permanent Record under (3) A the hood; (4) ForgetSo, save your receipts! They provide a comproof Followup Blueprintstyle System; Receipts; (5)

(6) and helpful Extra Services (at no extra charge), plete upkeep record mighty handy to have.

such as eliminating squeaks, checking lights and batWhen you "turnin"or sell your car, show the tery, vacuuming or brushing upholstery, polishing windows, shining chromium, and file of Shellubrication Receipts—and ask for

wiping off the entire body. the betterthan-averae deal you deserve.

The Modem HOLPBR. fR0RBCe/FT Upkeep Service FOR LIMITED TIME ONLY

This durable holder files 12 Shellubrication Receipts in chronological order. Folds into compact wallet form that

slips into dashboard compartment. Always useful to have

in the car. And it may be worth its weight in gold when

it comes time to sell your car!

Get one FREE, while supply lasts. Ask your neighborhood Shellubrication dealer for a "Documentary

Shellubrication Receipt Holder."

$umL ComsiA. Oijain.

And with it comes new joys, new hopes and new problems.

Let us make a pleasure of your problem of choosing a dwelling. Let us design your new home to meet

your individual needs and taste.

We also finance new homes and remodeling.

Pay as low as $25.00 per Month for

An Attractive Fiveroom Home SUGARHOUSE LUMBER AND HARDWARE CO.

1164 East 21st South Street—Hyland 555

M. O. ASHTON, President HORACE B. RICHARDS, Manager

FOUR FAVORITE DESSERTS FLAVORS per package

Kremel KremeL KremeL VANILLIN LEMON CARAMEL

and Four ReasonsWW Ease of preparation Rich in food value

Economy Tastes so good men IN M0EXTjR0PSE - THE FOOD'ENERGY SUGAR (bo QJdjjl JCnowWhy icebergs are not encountered7lmproDemenr&a in the far north? Page 325

"The Glory of God is Intelligence'

What one substance is more poisonous than nicotine? Page 326

Grant, J. HeberJUNE, 1939 only in way which knowledge The Widtsoe, John A.VOLUME 42 NUMBER 6 useful? be may Page 329 made Editors

Richard L. Evans, What eight cardinal points of lead-

'7HE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor ership are? Page 330

C. Josephson, MarbaOFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, OF THE ORGAN led professional to the career Associate Editor What ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTIMPROVEMENTMUTUAL of Dr. Mary Morris, Van SchoonEmma General Mgr. George Q. COMMITTEE, OF EDUCATION, MUSIC MENT WARD

Associate Cannon, Mgr. Lucy G. CHURCH hoven? AGENCIESTEACHERS, 332 Page OTHER OFTHE AND

Business Orton, K. Mgr. J. SAINTS. OF JESUS CHRIST LATTERDAY OF

What are the facts concerning the

Jaredites? Page 336

Who Chief Pocatello was and how he died? Page 338

What are the principal points of difference among major Christian sects? Page 340

Knowing and Doing Heber J. Grant 329 What contributions Zwingli made

to the Reformation? Page 344

What new "Era"records were established during the past year and

Eight Points of Leadership John A, Widtsoc 330 what stakes led the Church?

The Jaredite Lands J* M. Sjodahl 336 Page 346

Era Campaign Sets AllTimc Record..—John D Giles 346 What the M. I. A. Reading Course

Evidences and Reconciliations—XIII—How Do You Account books are for 19391940?.. Page 350

for Gospel Resemblances in NonChristian Religions? What were the Pulitzer awards in

John A. Widtsoe 353 literature for 1938? Page 350

At the Hague, Franklin }. MurGenealogical Page 364 By what two popular theories men

dock 327 Mutual Messages: seek to account for common reThe Church Moves On 354, 373 Executives 365 semblances among Christian and

Priesthood: Adults 365 nonChristian religions? Page 353

MenGleaners 358 Melchizedek M presidents the of the new 366 Who 367 Explorers 361 Aaronic

States misNorthern and Central Field Photos 366, 367 363 Teaching Ward sions are? Page 354

Who has designed the new L. D- S.SpsuduodL JsuduMA. Idaho Falls temple? Page 354

Utah's Pioneer Women Doctors—Mary Emma Van SchoonWhat the functions of the Melchizare? edek quorum committees Claure Noall 332 hoven W. Page 358 338 Cloc Boyce Great Warrior Speaks The

persons baptized were many Some Points in in stake the missions March, of Protestors 1939? of DifiFerenccChristendom—XV—HumanismLeonandYUlrichPond 340 How Page 360

Zwingli James L Barker 344 During what week June Conference Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming—Mother's Standing By will be held this year?.. Page 365 lin S. Harris, Jr 324—Lucia Mallory 356

Astounding Facts About ToHere's How 356 bacco 326 Index to Advertisers 374

On the Book Rack 350 Your Page and Ours 384 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

OFFICES:

Copyright 1939, by the Young Men's MutualdUjfimhu Improvement50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah Association Corporation

Church o[ Latterday Jesus Christ Saints. of

rights price, reserved. Subscription The Future Richard L. Evans 352 All of the

year, in Single advance; Copy. 20c

Salt Office, at the Post Any Mother to Her Daughter Marba C Josephson 352 a Entered $2.00 Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

Jjudum, fiosdJU}, QhoAidJOSfvi. (puIsL mailingfor in sectionat special1103,rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917,

authorized July 2, 1918.

is..Rosa not responsible Improvement The 334 Era Lloyd Lcc June Comes

for unsolicited but manuscripts, conwelcomes P. 339 Story Five Redd Minute Anna tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied Hero—AAgain Short Short

sufficient delivery for postage return. and by Albert R. 342 VIII Native Lyman Blood—Chapter The

Frontispiece: Prayer for a Swift Messengers, Marion Platt..350 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Young Girl, Edna S. Dustin..328 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 382 REPRESENTATIVES

Poetry Page 351 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

JfuL QOVSUV E.GeorgeJ. PowersT. Hopewell& Co., Chicago& Co., New York

things. its beginnings, brides, and commencements, with many newJUNE, THE AUDIT BUREAU OF ideal, with MEMBER OF family represents a Church group ideal, an This young M symbolizesMenGleaner CIRCULATIONS time.its through relationship endures time and beyond that family which strong of note

"June comes again"means also that June Conference comes again, with its gathering of the leisuretime forces of the Church.

simplicity, in symbolism, depicting beauty, and is another a series photograph This to achieve in A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY photographers amateur encouraging are the the Evawhich M. I. A. and

the pursuit of their hobby and through contest participation. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

NTERNATIONALS

>fi%||/tiyr| ADC Jill THMiii Bmif for the Hardest Farm Work!

International trucks are built for lowcost operation in all classes of field and farmto-market hauling. Some are

available with a twospeed rear axle which doubles the number of forward and reverse speeds.

This means extra pulling power when you need it in tough spots and speed when you want it over good going... maximum

efficiency, fuel economy, and long truck life.

Not a Single Compromise witli Passenger Car PICKUP TRUCKS

Construction in tlie Entire International Line in 3 Sizes

Many farmers take International Trucks on their appearAn unusual choice is offered the light truck ance value and accept International Harvester's truck userD-2 comesin the inInternationaltwo wheelbaseline. lengths,The -ton1 13JV\odeland

building experience as positive proof of economical per125 inches. The f to 1-ton Model D-15 has a

formance. Other buyers go over the engineering features 130inch wheelbase.

and sell themselves methodically on International alltruck construction. Whichever way you select your truck, you'll

get the same answer. Internationals have everything you

want. The International dealer or nearby

Companyowned branch is ready to show them to you and point out the right model for your work. Or we will send you a catalog on request.

International Harvester Company (INCORPORATED) 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

I NTE R N ATIO NAL TRUCKS

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939 ME

WlSMW Jhs-"n,ui4PiYOU LIKE By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Tn the last thirty years, due to scien- * tific research resulting in improved lamps, the amount of light for the same number of watts of electrical energy has greatly increased so that from a 60 watt lamp, for example, twothirds more light is now given off.—.—

Tt has been found that in 95 per cent of the lightning strokes, the ground is electrically positive with respect to the cloud.... crossing Tourist

medically effects of noise, HThe and Glass to Europe by learned * economically, by a committee of the American Medical Association, are important. Deafness, CUnflRO llJHIIf SlflR

/ Just as price is but a poor index to the comfort you will find in A Cunard White Star Tourist Class..

so wealth is no measure of the congenial companionship you will enjoy. Your shipmates are the kind

of people who form the backbone of every prosperous community—people of refinement and culture.

Judging values soundly, they sail in Cunard White Star liners because they know that the British tradition means not only seamanship but service, too—both inherited as

racial ideals, and perfected through nervous and emotional disorders, ex99 years.

cessive fatigue, changes in blood presRates Class From: digestive sure, heart rhythm, and dis- $154.00Tourist fastthe world's oneway

turbances all be caused by noise. liner est may Mary. Queenin

Though unexpected noises are dis- $135.00 in the Aquitania.

tracting in routine work, sustained $130.50 in the new Mauretania; a choice

noises of the same loudness reduce ofas 15$118.00.other famous ships as low

local through production by 7 to 8 per cent. Book agent, your or Cunard

2449Ad 4 RirtrStar, RtrootStreet, WhitftWhite KtnrlrtnnStockton KnnSan 'C'vEN almost negligible amounts of Francisco.

in nicotine, whether smoked cigaTHE BRITISH TRADITION veins, into cause the rcts injected or ES DISTI N GUISH persons., in Dr. fatigue Harry many Louis Segal, of the University of CUNARD WHITE STAR

SEE YOU in JUNE Rochester Medical School, found as the result of a series of careful experiments n II—'iiin II u II II m i It II II a that select jaunty you when on cigarets and fatigue.

outfit Cutler's. at summer.new..

corto foot,... quality from head I ROOFING COSTS to toe. rect top style from Be sure A NOTHER instance of where research to see those youthful on atoms in pure science has found I ARE LESS

artificial radioactivity. is in DON RICHARDS Suits—use, By 1 When You Use with the radioactive elements making

"atomsmashing"cyclotrons it has been 1 OLD AMERICAN of radioactive drink that a found salt PRODUCTS in in about the fingertips water shows 20 minutes, going via the blood. This I Shingles, Roll Roofing, Roof Paints,

method is already being used to test j Water Proofing. Asphalt Felts, Expanthe rate of blood circulation in patients! sion Joint, Concrete Curing.

"FINE MEN'S WEAP withsodium heartphosphateailments.may beRadioactivea potent I AMERICAN ASPHALT

36 So. Main SJi, weaponthe whiteagainstcells ofleukemia,the blood.the diseasePatientsof 11 ROOFWAS. CORP.2663

taking this treatment are kept well, but M4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

Exploring the Universe MAKE YOUR TRIP TO TREASURE ISLAND A it is not yet known whether a permanent cure can be effected. GRAND I'OUR

A BATaluminumfor Softballalloy. is Itnowis saidmadeto ofhavean BOULDER DAM OF THE WEST

good resiliency, will neither sting the LOS ANGELES Complete Loop Trip Only $31.50*

held matter break nor nohands how AirConditioned trip to the Francisco your the San on West Itin far use. as a as a ball can drive CIRCLE SUPERCOACHES of Island via Fair. the Treasure World's wonders See bat.wooden clean, Cool, comattrac- other headline PLUS Highway the Redwood many travel, no fortable

matter how hot the tions of the Pacific Coast for this amazingly low fare. To

arrive weather. You switches"7[ercury carefree have been adapted trip completely take an ExpensePaid your make

refreshed. and rested sightseeing Includes Tour. hotel reservations, tours, and appliances. for electrical They Union PaSee your

for at you arranged for bus cific bus agent a saving. transportation—all silent, longlasting,are have no informasprings complete full for details. agent local Union Pacific See your bus to contactsor blades tion. no wear out and

to deteriorate. switches The are glass OTHER SUPERVACATION TRIPS liquid mercury. partly filledtubes with

The switch is closed by tipping the LOS ANGELES LOOP PORTLAND LOOP Visit BOTH Fairs tube. Only $22.25* Only $29.35* for only $69.95

Visit the World's Fair San Francisco, Redwood Travel bargain of a lifeHigh- Coast time! Fairs and Oregon both AnSee glamorous and

Rosthe "City ways, cross intwice America and geles. Boulder DamLos

es,"Columbia different routes, (by addifor $1.75 Riverof A NEW line of labels with a new adcluded

"'hesiveness sticks without wetting tional. Highway. you wish). if

to any smooth nonporous surface, *From Salt Lake City such as glass, metals, or plastics, yet can be pulled off without leaving a trace. Union Pacific Stages

Interstate Transit Lines npHERE is a living fish line, a common "British seaworm, the Nemertes, which measures anything from a few inches to 90 feet in length. The "line"

in resembles reeled a solidwhen liver. however, If a fish,of calf's lump Efl MORE EGGS"]%ec

comes within touch of its suctorial mouth, a great change takes place: the

liverlike lump becomes a long unbreakable line that "plays"the fish until the W|!.Kwt||]

fish is exhausted.

r OLDPLATED silk fabric of good quality can be made now at no greater cost than ordinary good silk, since only a very thin layer of gold is necessary.

Tn a motor turning over at 2,400 revolutions per minute, each piston in the motor is moving about a third of a mile a minute, in addition to changing direction four times for each explosion. MILKWHITE EGGS

A TthreateningA time of yearthe whenoceanicebergssteamshipare UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS COOR ASSN lanes it might seem that the farther Milk White Eggs are being used by the M. I. A. Cooking School at Wells Ward, June 15

north one would go the more icebergs one would see. Actually no one has

ever seen an iceberg within 300 miles of the North Pole, and but few within BE INDEPENDENT TramforLEADERSHIP 600 miles, the reason being that iceNo Other Vocation So Profitable Your career requires the finest training obtaintraining business largest the able. Woodbury, glaciersbergs are formed on land by

discientifically offers institution in America, ENROLL NOW sea. off into the breakwhich to start graduates enables training which

Course For a Complete advancesalaries at the rectedat higher win quicker and ment.

Courses in Business Administration, Accountnpo COMBINE the many sounds necesQuish School of Beauty Culture ism,ing, SecretarialMerchandising,Science,MovieForeignand RadioTrade,SecretariJournal- sary in a sound picture, as many The Best in the West al, with Bachelor Degree in two years. Shorter

as a dozen or more different sound 336340 S. Main, American Bldg., tumeCommercialDesign,Courses;InterioralsoDecoration,CommercialHomeArt, EcoCos-

UTAH CITY, LAKE nomics. SALT electricallytracks be combined may

for Activities, Social Athletics, Deseret Club Information Further For single a theonto track with sound student students. Supervised homes. Mormon

Call Catalog or filled Partpositions annually. 1,500 than Moreright for sound. each Thus volume

catalog. State time Free course provided. or work 7560 Wasatch dialogue,there of track be one o.'fy s may desired. This Fill in

several the for musical background, effectsrest for special such as horses''f. Coupon LUOOOBURY COLLEGE

hoofs, sound of running water, etc. 1023 UJILSHIRE BLVD. LOS ANGELES.CALIF

THE lA/lPROYEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

"t. D. S. Training Pays!"ABOUT TOBACCO

Culture, IVyr Ferris, in Health R. Summer School *-* the following tabulated has

will put you data relative to the hazard of

Ahead of the Crowd tobacco using:

There is enough nicotine in the average cigar to kill two normal men.

It is estimated that onethird of all loss by fire is caused by tobacco.

A leech is instantly killed when it sucks the blood of an habitual smoker.

OLihsL habit2700eachAmericansday. begin the tobacco

Our tobacco expense is greater than the cost of maintaining the

United States government.

in the expense tobacco The annual HAGUE seven build States would BY United canals. Panama

bill amounts annual tobacco Our FRANKLIN J. MURDOCK

in capita dollars per twentyfive to

President of the Netherlands Mission the United States.

in begun habit was tobacco The called of Russia, Tsar to NICHOLAS, every extended has and America, first Conference, the Peace earth. nation on the at held Hague which was the Persia, Turkey, and In Russia,

in in the 1898, in the "House Wood"times at punof been has tobacco use of there the permanent Court and death. ishable by

Arbitration founded. was the tobacco years four hundred In

the conceived Carnegie Andrew itself about fastened upon has habit the at in of idea putting funds 1902 world. of the population half the

disposal of the Court to establish a Babies have been killed by breathlibrary. After consultation with the ing the tobacco smoke with which

Minister at Washington, Dutch unventilated room. filled an he a smoker

extended his plan gave to the and the famous baseball Connie Mack,

Dutch Government a sum of no less hero, made it a rule never to employ than three million, seven hundred and baseball league men who use tofifty guilders thousand ($2,015,625) bacco.

erection for the of a palace to house Entrance to Main Building Prussic acid is the only substance of Arbitration. the permanent Court nicotine.—M. originally library, which The Medical was in* High school graduates can moreOrfila, poisonousPresidentthanParis

tended to be at the disposal of the step ahead of the crowd by Academy.

only, has Court a public become now compainsurance Six Canadian the at spending months summer

It is institution. today known of rate smokthe mortality find nies as the the College. S. Business L. D. of Peace. Palace prothe same increases ers in about

Almost within its shadow are the Courses in Shorthand, Typeportion as that of drinkers.

headquarters of the Church of Jesus writing, Business English, etc., Clark College honors were grantChrist for the Latterday of Saints to scholarship athletics in and ed will to valuable be you

Netherlands, busily engaged the rain nonsmokers, and to plan attend in whether you a smokers spreading peace. eveFriday Every to tio 58. of 16

to fouryear or college seek emthe ning friends Poot, on van Laan proto been has known Tobacco and investigators listen to the new ployment in the fields of induce a nervous condition similar to recordings of the "Fullness of Times"dustry and commerce. delirium tremens. Physicians call it

and the world famous Tabernacle tobacco tremens.

Choir and Organ. The hour service For information, just fill out The Indians used to poison their

in English is conducted under the into nicothem by dipping and mail the coupon below. arrows

direction of President Franklin convulsions J. causing tine, thereby

Murdock. It is estimated that every and often death from arrow wounds.

third person speaks in the Hague understands English meetand these or L. D. S. ferersStatisticsof pneumoniaindicate thatdie annually26,000 sufin

ings are making many worthwhile the United States who would recover contacts for the Church. Business College were they not addicted to tobacco.

Recently the Director of the Dutch

Broadcasting requested Systems the 70 North Main Street dentsDuringat Yale,nine ityears'was foundstudy thatof stuthe services of four missionaries of our short in broadcasting programs Salt Lake City, Utah lungvelopedcapacity77 per ofcentnonsmokersmore than thatdewave of interesting incidents in Dutch hisof smokers.

tory to the World's Fair in New Toxic anginas (heart disease,

York City. Because of their Americaused by poison) are most frequentcan voices, they will be used in a L. D. S. Business College, ly caused by tobacco.—Dr. Alexanseries of ten broadcasts during the Salt Lake City, Utah. der Lambert, in Tice's Practice of

spring and summer months. The folMedicine.

lowing Elders have been chosen and Please send me your Many heavy drinkers who are have already taken part in two broad- "Bulletin of Information."trying hopelessly to cease their pecasts; Harold Hoopes from Brigham riodic sprees, are merely victims of

City, Utah; J. Robert Kest from Name: chronic tobacco poisoning.—Dr.

from Alexander California; Oakland, DraHoward Lambert.—Reprinted

Medical Journal, by permisper Wellington, from Utah; and Address: Illinois

Adrian Dalebout from Ogden, Utah. sion.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

Q.: WHERE SHALL WE GO THIS TIME?

A.: GET UTAH OIL'S TRAVEL AIDS!

Handy, inionnative booklets are offered seasonally at Utah Oil stations and dealers.

Suggestions on unusual places of interest to visit are contained in "Travel Hints"and "Picnic Hints."

For anglers: "Fishing

Hints."Also upto-date

Road Maps are available.

All these travel aids are free to motorists driving in at Pep 88—Vico dealers.

jj JZZC

For service, products and travel aids that make motoring more enjoyable, drive in at this sign...

If we have been successful, it is because our customers have been successful in their use of

"Caterpillar"equipment.

This is our 26th year and our volume of business is at an alltime high.

Does not this prove successful operations by

''Caterpillar"owners?

r.Distributors of

"CATERPILLAR"Diesel Engines TrackType Tractors Rood Machinery TRACTORLANDES& MACHINERY C6

Headquarters - 245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City

EDNAhSo DUSTIN

Photograph by Wayne B. Hales.

PRAYER IFOR A GIRL

Oear God, her lovely eyes have not yet felt

The disillusionment of acrid tears;

They see the orchid east at morning melt

Into a Dresden blue as day appears;

They watch the rainbow give its pastel hues

To flowers through its dancing drops of rain;

In muddy pools they see a patch of blue.

As day's bright torch paints up the sky again.

C HE does not know dark clouds first mask in white;

She only sees their whiteness mount the sky,

And as she nears her summer—fold Thy light

Around her, Lord, till somber clouds pass by.

And as her springtime lasts so short a while.

Please, let youth's faith shine ever in her smile.

niiE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Doinx}. Jinowinq ami

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

INTO F TO PUT OUR KNOWLEDGE WE FAIL ACTUAL - I LIFE. FAILURE OF PRACTICE ARE MAKING A WE

THINK there is nothing finer that I have ever received I said: "Thanks. Thanks. If you wanted me to

in my Hfe from anyone than a statement that I rerun for this position you would have said so. Good

I ceived from my nearest and dearest friend, who was day."

to a letter of the he wrote not Church, a member when

I "It will be follows: said, I as will send a telegram, Brother asking about London, Anthony from me W.

if is before not brought to favor name personal a me my to of This came him? had become man my Ivins—what it was. never convention."the And Httle afterwards boy. mother's a I was when home He

came and boarded with us, and later came with his I wanted that position awfully bad, but I have never wife. His first child was born in our home. He was seen the day since I became the President of the Tooele

the best friend without any exception that I ever had Stake of Zion, at the time I was not yet twentyfour outside of the Church, and he was a loyal, true friend years of age, when I did not want to know what the to our people. President of the Church wanted, and what the leading

officials of the Church wanted me to do, and that I

He said: "I have often said to my wife, 'The day did not want to do whatever they would have me do,

will come when these two boys, Anthony W. Ivins no matter what my personal likes or dislikes might

and Heber J. Grant, will be at the head of the Mormon be. I have sacrificed my own financial prospects to

Church; it is in them.'You are an Apostle and the a great extent, among the prospects being the one this

president of several companies, but I have never heard dear friend of mine offered me, a little job of $40,000 of your cousin, and really I expected him to outshine a year when the Church was making me an allowance you."in tithing office orders of $3,600.

I wrote back and said: "Colonel, your judgment is My friend answered back and said: "My dear Hegood. When I was made an Apostle I told my wife ber, your nice long letter of the 10th came duly to

and my mother that I could not understand why my hand. Of course you know, aside from the long and

cousin was not chosen, that he had forgotten more than intimate personal friendship we have had together,

I ever knew. how much I have always been impressed with the

genuineness and the sincerity of the men and women "When we secured Statehood I received a telegram who hold your faith. Many times and oft I have said in

from the Democratic State Convention, asking, 'Where conversation that the only religious people I know who can we find Anthony Ivins? We will give him his lived up to their professions are the Mormons of Utah.

choice to be nominated for the first Congressman, now This is true. This it is that inspires respect even

that we have Statehood, or the first Governor.'I anwhere there is a total absence of belief in the doctrines

swered: 'He is on the Kaibab Mountain selling the of the Church. Your people carry their beliefs into

cattle, horses, and property of his company; he has daily life and acts as if they think there is something

accepted a call of the Church to go to Mexico.'And in them. I cannot see how, as a sensible person, if I

if there is any one place more than another that he had the faith to start with, I could do otherwise. For

does not want to go to, that place is Mexico. He has if there is anything in a belief which involves an eterburned his bridges, has sold his ranch and his home, nity of future existence, there is everything."

and nothing in the world would tempt him to stay here until he is called back again. Afterwards, to And he drew a big black line under the words anyshow that your judgment is good, Colonel, they offered thing and everything.

the governorship to me. I told the gentleman, Heber "If there is anything in a belief which involves an

M. Wells, who was nominated by the Republican eternity of future existence there is everything."That

party: 'Here is a telegram that may interest you,'and statement is an absolute fact.

'All right, said: him. to telegram the Heshowed He it is is I fact; "It a not mere Colonel: a the wrote

I if shall resign ber, that job campaign and want you if that belief. was, of the Savior any promise The

I little in for the helped you. have world you What will the the should of he Father know would do man

I I feel said: obtain. you.'to to under me it "obligations or of doctrine, of the man, of and be whether God

later.'let 'I will you know doctrine."Saints of the Latterday know we

I showed the telegram to President Woodruff. Those But faith and knowledge without practice are of no

of you who knew Brother Woodruff know that he did value. All the knowledge in the world would not

not speak very slowly. He said io me: "Why do you amount to anything unless we put that knowledge into

bother me with your telegram? Haven't you enough actual practice. We are the architects and builders

sense as an Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ to answer of our lives, and if we fail to put our knowledge into your own telegram, without bothering the President actual practice and do the duties that devolve upon of the Church?"us we are making a failure of life.

POINTS OF LEADERSHIP

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Of the Council of the Twelve (be ijqamydtwfL moij. bsL wsuodih and fwAAQAA. qMoL

msumA., buL i ifcL IsuxdsinjkhipL jLa. wsbodc, nsdihu/L wswdtk.

mfv mjuzKA muj Jdmt wUL Ajcwsl iL.

Tf an organization fails, let the blame be

CHARGED where IT BELONGS—-NOT TO PHYSICAL CONDITIONS, BUT TO LEADERSHIP.

LEADERSHIP is the most important the way in which the organization subject everywhere in the is to move, in what direction, when world, but especially important to turn this corner, when to go among Latterday Saints, for we straightforward, when to retreat, have no trained ministry in the perhaps, he is a guide.

Church, in the generally understood The leader also, in addition to sense. Most of us, however, have opthese things, is a pacesetter. Some

portunities for leadership at one time move rapidly; some move slowly; and

or another, and we all need to know that depends upon the leader. He

something about leadership—what must set the pace.

it is, what it means, how it may be In the M. I. A. organization the

Itacquired. is possible that carries out leader is the one who

confer- A. annual THE M. I.

is his beforeno greater business. need the Church the program. That there is ATence, in the 1938, June, Taberin its organized capacity at the presnacle, Salt Lake City, Dr. Widtsoe The program is given, and the leader

ent time, since it is growing so outlined some of the important charsees to it that the program is carried rapidly. acteristics of leadership in the Church. out.

May I call attention to this fact: Requestsprompted fortheoutlinesexecutivesof thisof talkthe haveMuLeaders are not always born.

organization always implies leadertual Improvement Associations to Some men are born to leadership, ship. Wherever we have organizaask for its reprinting at this time as but leadership may be acquired.

preface a to the coming ConJunetion, have leadership. Civlike we must achieved Leadership be may

ference. the message While wasilization itself is characterized else that anything want upon men I. by directed primarily A. workto M.

organization, and in any civilized ers, its fundamental principles apply the face of the earth.

to in leadership. of the the leadershipcommunity Church, we need point to of the out some Now whatever acphase of its varied of leadership any organizaThe leaders, characterize things which tivities.tion the determines height to which qualifications necessary and how

that organization may rise. An ormay be achieved by a person who

ganization may be wealthy and finds himself occupying a position of possess great means, but, if the be said about a stake organization. leadership.

leadership is weak, neither wealth Emphasis must be placed on this it is thought because so important. ofnor kind will save any means The Mark of Faith I. A., the School, it. The M. Sunday development growth and of anThe

organization depend primarily upon or any other organization is but the piRST of all, a leader may be recogits leadership. Whether it be in a lengthening shadow of those who nized by the fact that he has

ward organization, stake organizapreside over it in a general, stake, faith. No man, no woman ever rose

tion, or in the General Board, the or ward capacity. Certainly, leadto leadership in the world without

degree of success in service of the ership is of great importance to us. possessing faith.

organization is but a reflection of the A leader is one who shows the The M. I. A. leader must have

character of its leadership. If a ward way for the organization to travel. faith in the M. I. A. cause, must have

M. I. A. fails, let the blame be atHe has a chart, or should have one, a true conviction that the work

tachedship—notwhereto theit belongs:program, tonotleaderto the anddoes travelsmore thanalongthat.that chart.He notButonlyhe itselfMutualis Improvementdivinely inspired,Associationthat theis

physical conditions that surround shows the way, but is also the one part of a great program for the salthe ward'—but directly to the leaderwho guides. His hand must be on vation, the benefit, and the redempship. Precisely the same thing may the steering wheel. Since he points tion of mankind. Unless he has that

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939 faith, he can in no wise become a The Mark of Love God. At the present time President

of peras fine leader. an the example beginvery Grant is He fails at

effort faith HThe second mark of leadership is sistent ning. underhave. Therefore, he have must By as we

in God and faith in the Church, closely allied to faith. It is not taking this, undertaking that, by

faith in the M. I. A., and faith in his sufficient to have faith in a cause. sheer industry and determination he

it. Love is quite as has risen to success in what he unfellow men. Perhaps this last needs One must love

to be emphasized more than any important as faith. Once in a while dertook.

this find say, "Yes, do who men we faith of for leadership. other type of a leader ask so we may And is the of Lord. This A. came M. I.

his fellove has he he faith? Does in his felbelieve leader must The inspiration,"divine of yet out and

low men. He must trust them. Once there is no burning love for the low men? Does he understand the

in a while we find leaders without cause. Faith without love is largely organization of the Gospel? Is he

that faith who attempt to do everypowerless. Faith with love becomes forever working on it?

is in persistent the thing themselves. is the pro- "Here who Now, man love the powerful. must work We

his industry one the does president of gram. thing many Mutual. I am is that required which to do—love

it. fail to therefore do, leaders they can't counselors and I must do do it, My us, find find in in it. of joy ecstacy

it. The secretary can't do it."He is Cold, heartless, icy presiding offifail. He plans ahead. He knows

weak in faith, because faith in God, cers are not leaders. The dignified, today what he is going to do tomorto a certain extent, implies faith in removed, distant presiding officer is row. He knows this week what the

I, A. will do next week. There the children of God. We are all imnot a leader. You feel the presence of M.

is no greater danger if one wants toages of Him. We must have faith in a leader near you. Your presiding

I. A.our fellow men, that within them lie officer sits in the presiding seat, but achieve leadership in the M.

powers that enable them to accomthe love in him touches the heart of work than to wait until Tuesday plish the tasks that may be required everyone, and there is a loving reevening, within a half hour before of them. sponse and all the benefits that love meeting time to figure and plan for

plan evening's the work. must One yield are felt can concerned. by all in faith also must have A leader plan time ahead, a long and is the second of the ahead, That mark in himself. faith Faith in one's God; arrives until the ahead moment when leader. faith fellow men; have must and we is his in set fixed everything and

I in If called ourselves. leadto am it is all about. mind. what knows He of Understanding The Mark

I if is ership, this work, God's and takes the program. of hold he Then

I of then image God, have an third ofam a leader mark is underHThe it conducts, and makes He directs, faith in to to enable acmyself me standing. understandWithout properly. out prepneeds come That

thecomplish to which work itself, I have ing the program faith and love aration, of course. You go into a Mucalledbeen which and I am required fail. will A. workers must M. I. Association and tual Improvement

to do. The man who has faith beacquire knowledge of it. As leaders find a teacher apologizing for the

comes optimistic. He is hopeful. they must be the first to read the fact that the cows haven't been milkfear accannotThe man who has leader Manuals. the must The know therefore hadn't prepared he ed and

faith, things. greatcomplish So if rules regulations. leader and The is built lesson. for leadthe not He

faith, faith, it is true wellfounded himself promust the inform about is ership trying to achieve not and makes a hopeful, an optimistic indigram. It is a stupid leader who leadership. Does he prepare a week

divual. He tackles his work without thinks that faith and love alone will in advance or thirty minutes in adfear and goes on to victory. The make him a leader. He must inform vance? That is the test.

man that has faith sees possibilities; himself by studying the program.

faith sees impossithe man without direct the The know men who world. The Mark of SelfEffacement

bilities. distinc- a simple There is of is coupled the subject Knowledge

tion between men of faith and men with love and faith in the man who A fifth mark of leadership is that who are not possessed of faith. The is going to rise to leadership. the leader must be selfeffacing.

man with faith says the thing can Selfeffacement is indispensable in be accomplished. The man without The Mark of Industry the true leader. He must put himfaith shakes his head and says it self in the background. He must not

can't be done. So faith is very imnpHE fourth mark of leadership I covet the chief seat in the congreportant as one mark of the leader. shall call persistent industry. gation. He must be willing to let

life,"is poet, said the "Labor is helpful take the someone else who into faith hisin the I might go effort, truthfully. without seat. Without front generous must be He of thetory world. Brigham Young labor, industry, without without his associates. thoughtful of perandand his pioneer company—do you sistence in the doing, we are not Great leaders are always thinking

in faith their therethink wasn't to going achieve leadership. Labor in terms of their helpers and fellow

hearts? done. could be They knew it to leads knowledge; knowledge leads workers, to assist attempting them,

find the they wouldThey knew to faith. leads to love; love can to build them as worthy helpers in a Weplace, it, they and having found that. to love; reverse leads Faith great cause.

settle there successthey wouldknew to love impels seek knowledge; you is Selfforgetfulness the of onefully of build the up and Kingdom of love the makes knowledge and in virtues great humanity, whether Israelites, weak, emaciGod. The to perseek knowledge work men in followers. leaders set or oneTo full povertystricken,ated, of but sistently. self in aside the cause brings a man faith, of around God, marched men fine in our a example have spirit to very the near of We God. A of Jericho,the the walls walls and of pertoday Church I mean what by in think of leader terms only must city taken. the fell and was sistent whom man we all his strength, his cause. the All industry—the

To become great leaders men and support and revere and sustain, the power must be given to the fulwomen must achieve faith. Prophet of God, the mouthpiece of {Confinued on page 378)

Utah's pioneer women doctors By CLAIRE WILCOX NOALL

Six horses could climb a grade up Greene, in Nauvoo, Illinois, her which no steam engine could toil. mother went to work to earn the

The great coaches, rocking on their daily bread for his children. He

tough bands of pliant leather, interwas a widower with a large famlaced the remote districts hidden in ily when she married him. He had

DR. "VAN"AS A YOUNG GIRL the far glens of the Rocky Mounbeen city marshal of Nauvoo and

JUST BEFORE SHE LEFT NAUVOO. tains. But Gilbert's kind of life did brotherin-law to Brigham Young,

not favor a gentle wife and a growbut President Young assigned the

MARYHOVENEmmalookedVanat Schoonthe four ingAtson,lastnorMarya man'sEmmadaughters.was faced outfitso hardwhichto procure,her motherand hadwithworkedwhich

walls of her small house as with a problem which could no she had expected to start for the if she would burst their bleak conlonger be ignored. She felt that the Promised Land, to others whose

fines. Bleak! Not because her surchildren's salvation depended upon presence he considered more necesroundings lacked gentility, but be- a change in their lives. However, sary in the Valley. "But mother

cause her spirit thrashed against she would make no untoward gesture wasn't shocked,"Mary Emma's their narrow restraint. She had been against her husband. She adored thoughts ran on. "She knew as well

a nurse; she was now a midwife. him. True, she was never free from as Brigham Young that the welfare

could easily be consumed along the consideration in the great migration.attained—medicine.But there was another goal to be financial anxiety; a driver's salary of all the Saints had to be the first

Mary Emma was a woman of inway of the Overland itself. But How she toiled, saved, and scrimped

finite charm and refinement. To be though she had always worked in for a second outfit! Her father had

in her presence was to partake of order to help in the support of the cut her off without a dollar when her kindly nature. To ask for her family, she harbored no resentment she joined the Church. And she

advice was to receive the benefit of toward Gib on that account. Now, had no one but herself to look to

her wisdom and good judgment. however, within her heart, in addifor every accomplishment in life..."

Perhaps one reason she possessed tion to the anxiety over her children, Mary Emma recalled how her this feeling of sympathy toward all the other thought had made itself mother had found work again, almankind was because she was called irresistibly felt. She must advance most immediately after their arrival

upon to exercise it in her immediate beyond nursing and midwifery. in the Valley. Those pioneer women

surroundings, and because she herHow compelling was the desire to had a delightful attitude, she mused, self felt the need of a strength study medicine! How she longed as, in her mind's eye, she once more

greater than her own with which to to enter a large room! Still, aptly saw them dressed in silk gowns, on

meet the problems of her daily life. coupled though the two aspects of their way to meeting and the men

Gilbert, her husband, was a man her restlessness might have been, she also going to church in embroidered of staunch character and fine feelcould not quite crystallize either to vests. "But that gave mother work,"

ing. But into their home he brought the point of action. Mary Emma contemplated with satan element of the frontier. His call- "Ah, me,"she said with a sigh, isfaction. "And it wasn't long before

ing led him into a strange environthinking of Gib, her husband—that she was flowering the gauntlets of

very evening they were to attend a men's buckskin gloves with gailyment for a Mormon—driving theOverland Stage to and from Salt ball—"he's a fine man, as fine as colored threads. Why, I myself

Lake City into the very heart of the one can well be, and pretty near as helped with the dyeing of those fabulous mining districts of the good.... But what of the example threads; and I sorted the beads with

West, True freighting, the transfor our boy? I could go away... which she decorated the gloves. How

port of goods and luggage, was an I would have to go to another city long ago that all seems I was industry widely and profitably folfor a medical education... I could only ten when we started for the

I can't with me. him But to take Valley."lowed Mormons. by many But

I can't. leave. bedrive would the Stage, "Look!"this tenyear-old child exOverland... What... which

carried passengers and the precious come of Gib if I should forsake him claimed to her mother late one aftercargo of mail, silver, and gold was even for a little while?.."noon after weeks of weary travel on

something yet again. As she considered her problem she their way to Utah. She had disThe mines kept the Overland thought of her widowed mother's covered a brokenwinged lark in the

Stage in operation for many years experience in fending for herself and bunchgrass, and begged her mother after the last spike had linked the her children. But a few days after for a pair of gloves with which to

East and West with bands of steel. the death of Mary's father. John P. pick it up.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

Mary Emma's mother smiled in voo in 1 847 he fell in with the origconnected with the stage from Calisympathy, but there were weary inal company. But upon reaching fornia. Roadagents, the bandits of

souls and sick bodies in the train. Green River, Wyoming, Brigham the day, were no less bloodthirsty

"Why minister to a bird? Must you Young, having recognized him as a than the savage Indians who lurked

bother with it?"she asked. man of special integrity and a good along the lonely way. In bands or

"It looked at me with such pitiful judge of livestock, sent him back to singly, either redmen or robbers eyes. Let me take your gloves..."Winter Quarters (Florence), Newere liable to spring upon the coach

The feeling that prompted mercy braska, to collect a debt for the at any point along the trail. It

for a bird was undeniably responsiChurch and to buy horses. He did took a sure shot and a staunch heart

ble for one aspect of the love Mary this, but his westward migration was to defend passengers and cargo. An

Emma bore her husband, her chilinterrupted for many years. old WellsFargo station locked in

dren, and a world of sickness which Finally, he walked every step of a notch in the hills in the desolate she could serve far more competently the way from the Missouri River to wastes of Steptoe Valley, Nevada, as a doctor than merely as midwife. Salt Lake City. This man who knew is now a mute symbol of the OverHer entire life since the days of her how to control each of six, or even land's need for protection. The

earliest girlhood had been spent in eight, reined horses, independently "Whip of the West"was a brave service. When there were schools of every other bit in the harness, by man. His voice was as brisk as

to be taught in Salt Lake City her the slightest touch of a single finger, the whip that sliced the thin air over mother had been one of the first the steaming backs of his loved teachers. The children gathered in horses. There was indeed marked

the Church meetinghouses, and a fee contrast between his elegant bravado was charged for attendance. Tuiand the gentle refinement of his wife.

tion might be paid in potatoes, apStill, she could no more resist her ples, flour, or even with the gold love for him than the lodestone can coinage of the Deseret Mint, but it shun the magnetic current of the was paid; and "Sister"Greene met earth. But Mary Emma's life as his

her first class of pupils in the Sevmate was lonely and hajrd, even enth Ward, with Mary Emma assistthough she taught school after she ing her. married, and even though her affecDown on the hearth, herself a tion for him never faltered. Her

proper candidate for education, the own hearth and tallow candles by young daughter would sit, crossthis time furnished the light and heat legged, or on a low stool. Her gifted whereby she made the preparations

mind was her chief qualification for for her pupils. However, these acteaching, but first she must learn tivities did not interfere with her

that which she wished to impart. The motherhood. Four children were

two processes went on simultaneousborn to her and Gib.

ly. However, the wan flame from Gilbert filled a mission in England

a homemade booby, a wick placed between the coming of the second in a saucer of grease, made too faint and the third babies. But his son

and sickly a light by which to read died while he was away. He was

her lessons. Nor was a witchalight DR. "VAN", THE PRACTISING PHYSICIAN. heartbroken. "It is with the deepsputtering in its greasefilled syrup est sorrow that I take pen in hand

pitcher much better. The flickering had not even an ox to drive on his..."he wrote. "Perhaps God has

gleam from sagebrush, scrub oak, great trek. Having lived in the spared our boy from the wiles of

or some other canyon wood in the country of the Concord Coach, he Satan for a seemly purpose... but

open fireplace made studying easier. had practiced the manipulation of it would have been much to my liking

There was much of that to do, so his reins on pegs stuck in the ground. to have seen him with eight reins in

many of the boys were older than With wiry wrists, a foot sensitive to hand. The world needs stout lads

Mary Emma. the brake, and a mind that flashed like him...."

its messages along lightning nerves, Mary Emma, already lonely with- "DuT suddenly marriage interrupted he could govern three, or even four out her husband, had found her grief this youthful effort. Gilbert Van span of highstrung animals with doubly hard to bear. She thought

Schoonhoven swept completely her too, their mothers, deftness. sons needed foot But thus—onoff feet. thirtyone, her... He was reins. for eight not Gib Spencer. was He, who—thoughthat—cameperfectdashing debonair; she and was sixlife on. of as the But "Crack later known Eventually went Gib Whip

teen, as fondly and deeply in love the West,"pushed and pulled a returned, and another son was born, as a young girl could be. handcart to Utah in 1856. and then a daughter, and finally

This handsome man was known He was soon employed as a Mary Emma left the schoolroom.

as Gib Spencer, since he had taken "driver of six"by the Holladay Again, like her mother, she became the name of his foster father, the Company, and later by its successor, a nurse. Dr. Romania Pratt was

truly aristocratic and deeply relithe WellsFargo. Often the preher teacher. Perhaps this forger of

gious Daniel Spencer, who had cious dust from the gold fields of souls was also the inspiration for brought Gib to Utah. Gib, at the the Sierras and the rich metal from Mary Emma's own desire to become

age of eight, had joined the Church the mines of the Rockies had need a doctor, but there was as yet no in New York, his birth state. Miof protection at his hand; his run inkling of this unfoldment. The

grating as far as Missouri, he had covered the threehundred-andsixty four walls of her home, the three lived there for some time. When miles from Fort Laramie, Wyoming, remaining children of her marriage

the Saints started west from Nauto Carson City, Nevada, where he ( Concluded on page 372

Tbiw fJwfSiAA. ADjmsdimjiA. maksL old. fdoidu Ananv

JUNE COMES AGAIN

V. OME home, John,"it was an excited whisper into the By ROSA LEE LLOYD

telephone. "Something dreadful

has happened!"

Katherine Sholls didn't wait to hear what effect her words had on "GET DR. JASON,"JOHN GAVE

HIS STRONG WHILE tooher ORDERS husband. absorbed / She was

TO; KATHERINE LIFTED ARMS in thein on was going what SOFA. living THE

room to care about that. After all,

there was a limit to everything; her

throat caught in a tight little sob.

The idea of an eighteenyear-old daughter walking in calmly on a dewy June morning and announcing: "Tommy and I want to get

married'—-we thought we could get

our recommends by next Wednesday. You see, we want to leave for

Spring City as soon as possible.

Tommy's got a job there."

As casual as that! No big apolfor John to come and settle this the cadenceogy, no dramatics—just sun nonsense! in her voice, the June of spring

shining from her eyes and a smile A few minutes later his big car used lawyer and was a into parked to pulled the driveway and at John—he looked lips as she her downon

affairs; he people's deciding other little blue "puddle behind Tommy's her arm. under books school the

to do. just what would know a swift glance jumper."She had "Guess I won't need these—for a the front to came Then Tommy as out of stepped he at John's facewhile anyway."

buoyant gay, Tommy, car. the door—a talkyou Ann! "Peggy What are sun was in TomJune Some of the blue his keen tol- a forced Katherine about!"ing Thateyes—hedeep creaseonly betweenhad that

erant smile past her stiff lips. She'd my's eyes, too, and when he swept when he was worried or thinking arms his strong into Peggy Ann deeply. pretend that Peggy to Ann was have

felt she Katherine before there He disappeared into the garage like right believe. Things making only

this couldn't be true. She was a as if some new and undiscovered and the next instant she could hear

her. to revealed been had in his hallway. the step hurried back old beauty little child—hardly girl—a see, to she first time seemed the For his felt kitchen, in the met him She boyfriend! to have a enough that vital force the outsider, as an her. she big holding arms was Oh, dear,"Peggy Ann "I said. Mother,

this happen. things hke made glad she John. had "that patient, and very Tommy was to have wasn't ready yet she trouble? darling, And what's the "Kay, fed I get married. to We're want

girl. little it to Oh, her happen like fury—I drove dances; parties and we want with up of years years and be should there in she words whispered low Then settle to down—

"For goodness'sake,"wailed Peggy Ann's going to school and told him. Their little girl, their little then parties, for and getting ready married! to get Ann, wanted Peggy are Katherine. and Tommy "You a with engagement long long, a so anything of ever he heard Had children!"only

at the reception brilliant wedding ridiculous? dreadful, so really she sat on look. Mother,""Now,

the ottoman at Katherine's feet. "It's end. John held Katherine at arms'had tears, she her Blinded by made length. between deep crease The had a I have and this way. Tommy called telephone and the her way to a big almost gone and his eyes was graduated both youth. We're grand and be would he home Soon letJohn. comfortable a sigh him gave in year school, one had high from

his soothof comfort dear, the warm down. all last sumcollege; Tommy all it a tell her was voice would ing darling, I thought someone "Gee, his with mer Dad—worked dreaming. just been had killed or dying you the way was joke—she Katherine and voice on sped Her heard it vaguely, catching a phrase acted—

nowother"—"Tommyand then—"Wewon't golovewithouteach living roomJr EGGYmadeAnn'sher thinklaugh again,in the the"But,least John!"bit annoyed;Katherine"they'rewas serijust

it; they want to get me"—"We're willing to work""My little girl wants to get married ous. They mean

to go away from John and married next Wednesday!""correspondence school "—"study—actually

at night."All the time Katherine me!"Selfrighteous anger flamed John gave a long low whistle, then

seemed to be listening, her mind was from Katherine's dark eyes. Restwalked to the sink and took a cool

racing along wildly. She must call lessly she watched from the window drink.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

"Well, well,"he said, in an sort of "we'll have toamused way,that—aboutdo something WHEN SHE ENTERED THE LIVING

WITH NOTICED A SHARP ROOM SHE something!"Katherstormed "Do

STILL ANN AND TOMMY THAT ine, course we'll have "Of TOCLOSE DANGEROUSLY to do GLANCESTOOD something. The very idea of kids GETHER.like that—

Did she imagine it or was there an amused twinkle in John's eyes?

Sometimes he could be the most provoking person. Now, for instance.

Why didn't he stride in there and tell those two youngsters they couldn't do any such ridiculous thing? But no, no, he only stood

there calmly with his arms folded across his big chest, the long six feet of him propped up against the ironing board closet. He looked as if

he were sizing up the situation. Yes,

Katherine thought impatiently, she might have known that was just the way he would act, as though he was trying a case before the Supreme

Court. This was a time for action.

Something had to be done. She

opened her mouth to speak, but checked herself as she saw another big car come into the driveway and park behind John's. Tommy's parents.

"John, you meet them, dear—I'll

slick up a bit."K.'jfl

Once inside her own room she closed the door and leaned against it. Now they would settle things.

No matter how hard those children Just the difference, Katherine "Peggy Ann, it seems to me that argued they would just have to be thought, between June and October. you should let your father speak first.

separated! "Now, if we can keep business After all, he is head of the house, Her face looked strangely difgoing—"Mr, Brent pushed the you know."

ferent to her as she sat before her words past his big chest as he You never could tell what John dressing table. There was a tight, lounged luxuriously on the velvet was thinking when he wanted to

twisted look on the pretty mouth, a sofa. hide it. Even now he turned around

fine line in her forehead that hadn't slowly from the mantel and looked been there earlier in the morning, and JViRS. Brent was sitting kindly at the two young people by

her warm autumnbrown eyes seemstiff and reserved in the straightthe window.

ed to carry a faint hint of frost. back chair by the console table, and "Now look here, kids,"his voice

Quickly she patted the dark waves John, still looking thoughtful and had that pleading quality that Kathof her hair into place, added a touch judicious, stood with one arm leaning erine loved. "Why don't we call

of rouge to her cheeks, matching the against the mantel. this off for a year or two, say a year

dusky rose of her morning coat. "Good morning,"Katherine tried from next fall."

She didn't look thirtyseven; people to bring the music back to her voice. "Them's my sentiments, too,"

everywhere thought she and Peggy "I'm so glad you came over; it seems chimed in Mr. Brent. "Tommy can

Ann were sisters, John always we have something very important work in the store with me next wincalled them his two girls; again that to decide—ter; he can save a little; maybe I'll

little tight sob caught her throat. John would be annoyed at her make him a partner."

When she entered the living room plunging into it headlong like this, "I'm strictly against a hasty marshe noticed with a sharp glance that but there was no use talking about riage,"this from Mrs. Brent as she

Tommy and Ann still stood dantrivialities when you were anxious sat with both hands folded so gerously close together by the winto get things straightened out. She tightly in her lap that the knuckles

dow. Her eyes met her daughter's had always been outspoken. showed white.

and flashed like steel striking steel. "Tommy and I are going to get "And I'm right with you, Mrs.

The face she had seen in her mirmarried,"Peggy Ann said the words Brent,"Katherine said.

ror a minute before seemed reflected simply like a child reciting from a John didn't speak. Katherine folin the face of the young girl before primer. lowed his eyes focused on Peggy

her. There was the same little Katherine tried to quench the risAnn and Tommy. They were framqueenly toss to the head, a spunky ing anger welling up inside of her, ed in the big window and the mornchallenge in the shorttilted nose. but her voice shook a little as she ing sun streaming in through the

Only the eyes seemed different. spoke. (Continued on page 374)

JAREDITE

THEpower,Jaredites.landed ledon thebyshoredivineof LANDS istrationthe people,of thea century,two greator leadersa centuryof

the Promised Land after a and a half, after the landing, to be settlers at the coast. located As that the deep acrossperilous voyage J. By M. SJODAHL in forth directions various and went days. Such for 344had lasted

the Church Historian's Office is O/ colonies, centers of the founded in the contained informationthe

Book of Ether. But where they dispopulation changed, and, at a time

embarked the historian does not say. when the means of communication

(Ether 6:11. 12.) were not what they are today, the

fVKitatwfL D JthiL UiiJsLconveniencemust have demandedof the thatgovernmentits seat

Multiplying and Spreading also be moved to the more populous

HThe next fact told concerning the and influential communities. Jared

newcomers is that "they went known. fawfdsL and his brother, at the end of their

forth upon the face of the land"long career, must, therefore, have the Promised Land, the continent had their capital probably far from "and began to till the land"(Ether the coast. If, as some have held, the

6:13). We read further ( Ibid 1 8 landing place was somewhere "south

that "they began to spread upon the of the Gulf of California and north face of the land, and to multiply and of the Isthmus of Panama,"such to till the earth; and they did wax moves, either north or south, would

strong in the land."have been feasible.

These two statements read toThe foregoing comments are gether can only mean that the varifounded on Ether 6:19 and 20,

ous families of the Jaredites soon where we read that the brother of after their arrival separated and each Jared proposed to take a census preoccupied its own territory for culparatory to submitting the question tivation under the administration of of the future form of government to their great leaders. From the out- a general vote. The necessity of a

set, they avoided the mistake of the registration of the voters indicates tower builders. They did not centhat the Jaredites were numerous at

tralize the population, but distributed this time.

it Settlers went forth from the The Land of Nehor place of landing, as soon as naturally 'T'his is the first American land, or convenient, and established themcountry, which is mentioned by prolocalities. Theselves in new Ether the (7:4). book of name in J. M. SJODAHL followduring continuedcess was his also passed away, had Jared

ing generations, and the continent 239 years. Regu, the son of Peleg, brother. Orihah, the son of Jared,

became gradually well populated. was also 239 years at the time of his was no more, and Kib, the son of

The record, having stated that the death. Serug, the son of Regu, Orihah, was the reigning head of

country had a great population, was 230 years old when he passed the government.

breaks the historical chain of events away. Nahor, the son of Serug and One of his sons was named Coriand joins the disconnected links grandfather of Abraham, reached hor. He forsook his father's house

years afterwards, when the brother the age of 148 years. It is a reasonand homeland and established himof Jared made it known that he felt able conclusion that the two sons of self in the Land of Nehor. Here,

old age and dissolution approaching Joktan, Jared and his brother, after some years of preparation, he (Ether 6:19). Many years, with reached at least the average age of placed himself at the head of a retheir rapid developments, are thus the mentioned descendants of Peleg, bellion. Kib, the king, was captured

passed by in silence, how many we the brother of Joktan, or about 214 by the insurgents and made a prisdo not know. But the two sons of years. During that time, important oner of war, and Corihor usurped

Joktan, Jared and his brother, must geographic changes must have ochis place in the government.

have reached a very advanced age curred in the Jaredite settlements, The name of the country, supbefore they realized that their work as well as progress in other direcposing it to be a Semitic word, may was nearly finished. They were, tions, since their dispensation was give a clue, at least to the direction

perhaps, nearing the end of their one of dispersion for the purpose of in which to look for it. "Nahar"is

second century. I venture this supreplenishing the earth ( Genesis 9: 1 ) the Hebrew for river. As a verb it

position on the strength of Genesis and not one of gathering. is used metaphorically (Jer. 31:12;

1 1: 1 1-26, where the age of each of Another conclusion is also, in the 51:44; Micah 1:4) for the "flowing

the ancestors of Abraham is given. writer's judgment, unavoidable. We together"of nations into one place.

Peleg, the brother of Joktan, lived must not expect to find the admin- "Nehor,"the Jaredite form of the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

word, almost certainly has the same Moroni gives the information that why such signal honor should be bemeaning as the Hebrew "nahar,"a Moron was near "the land which is stowed upon the region of which we river, or a place, a land, by a river; called Desolation,"by the Nephites. are speaking?

a country into which people are (See Alma 22:3032; 46:17; 50: The answer is: Adamondi-Ah-

"flowing.""Nehor"is said to be 34; 63:5). If, as is probable. man was, undoubtedly, dedicated to

Egyptian for the Nile. To the HeMoron was in a southwestern dithe Lord by our great progenitor

brews and other Semites "nahar"rection from Nehor, the Land by the himself, during the Adamic dispenwas the Euphrates. The country River, and north of Desolation, it sation, before the flood. Moron, in

between the Missouri and the Miswould include in its area what is now all probability the same land as that sissippi may well have reminded the known as Missouri, and, consein which Adamondi-Ahman was

Jaredites of Mesopotamia; the Misquently, Jackson County, where Insituated, was similarly dedicated by

sissippi may well have been the Nadependence is located. It would the brother of Jared, during the dishar, or Nehor, of the Old Country also embrace Adamondi-Ahman, pensation of Noah, after the deluge.

to them. about fifty miles north of Jackson Such a dedication is a covenant beHere it may be mentioned that the county, an area made sacred during tween God and man, similar to the

American press, a few years ago, anthe time of Adam, and which is again covenant of God with Abraham connounced that recognized archaeolto attain to extraordinary promicerning Palestine. But, as far as

ogists had come to the conclusion nence in the kingdom of God, when God is concerned, a covenemt stands that a citybuilding people had inthe "Ancient of Days shall sit, as forever. It is everlasting, even if it

habited Illinois, Ohio, Iowa, Indiana, spoken of by Daniel, the prophet."is temporarily set aside by the other

and Wisconsin as far back as 3,000 (Doctrine and Covenants 116.) part. That, I believe, is the reason

B. C. This would take us farther Orson Pratt says Adamondi-Ahfor the selection by the Lord of Misback than the beginning of the man means, "The Valley of God"souri as a land of promise, the place

Jaredite era, according to the chron- {Journal of Discourses, vol. 16, p. for the New Jerusalem, the place for

ology of Ussher, and it is not neces48), almost the same as Moron, the City of Zion.

sary to go that far back. But the ( Read also Doctrine and Covenants

point is this, that the mighty Mis107:5357.) Ephraim

ississippi River the flowing through alan Independence has become hill, or, of 'T'his the a was name archaevery the mentioned area by in history of place the sacred most region, hilly perhaps, the a near cityologists the habitation of as a LatterChrist the of of Church Jesus capital city of the the land of Nehor, people.building raises the This It in will again, Saints. due day the of of meaning Nehor. The wordquestion of the the whether Nehor glory the time, stage the which be on is "fruitful,"indicating a prosperous is Mississippi, of Ether the notbook to will manifest of the Almighty be It country. the part of have must of the the land MissisNehorand all revelation says world. the The its for especially wealth been known indefisippi valley adjacent and an is of land the of Missouri: "This for of minerals, decided Shule when area,nite innumerable today where city of the the place promise, for and to military against operations begin existence the a of provemounds is the place Behold, Zion. which his of Corihor, brother, behalf on in anpopulation remotenumerous is the called cenIndependence now hill their father, Kib, to the he wenttiquity. ter place."(Doctrine Coveand there Ephraim, "swords he and made

The Land of Moron nants 57:2, 3.) There the center of steel"for his army. Thus equipwill built up.* of stake Zion be A his attacked he and deposed ped there 7:5, king dwelt'T'he (Ether will erected temple magnificent be their liberated brother, fawicked

It capital, the 6, the 17). was there. (Doctrine Covenants and ther, placed at the again him and culture. of the Jareditecenter To the Jerusalem 57:3.) There New of the (Ether government, head

the generation of Orihah and Kib, will be built, beginning at the temple 7:9.)

following immediately after that of lot (Doctrine and Covenants 84:2-

Jared and his brother, Moron was 5; Com. vv. 98101; 3 Nephi 20:22; There seems to be no doubt that

the "land of their first inheritance"21:2325; Ether 13:3-6). the ancient dwellers of the region

Mississippi the flows through which it a 16, (verses because 17), was Indeespecially Missouri, and miners. Bancroft were {Native leaders, the greatland which two is, accounty, pendence, Jackson that 4, Vol. says Races, 783) p. they undoubtpassedbefore away, cordingly, the to destined become

left ancient miners have numerous their posterity. toedly bequeathed the attraction the world, of when in traces their of the of region work itIn the of time center became city in rises there splendor, holy

piece place a one Lake Superior. At culture. well history asJaredite as streets figuratively speaking, with,

of five pure copper weighing over (Eth. 14:11.) gates of stones; precious gold of and fifteen tons feet has been found beliteral of meaning the word The magnificent the templemost when

It surface. the low of bore marks supposing "marana,""Moron,"is built palace ever reared by man in fire. Corinthians "ourmeaning Lord"( 1 the of Kings, with His which King

its kindred,16:22) to be Aramaean glorified will receive attendants, His The Land of Their First also Lord.""our bewould in audience, to conApplied holy Priesthood

to a country it would mean "A Land fer with them and give instructions Inheritance of Our Lord."It had, undoubtedly, concerning the affairs of His king- 'T'his seems to have been Moron

been dedicated to His service. Comdom. (Ether 7:17). Corihor had a

pare Ether 2:12, where it is exDoes anyone, half doubtful, ask son named Noah. He organized

pressly stated that nations living in "'Remarks have been made as to our staying here a rebellion against Shule, the king, this land in obligatell promised shall will are under the long Rockies. you we how his father. and Corihor, Having

shall religion, here. our here stay If we liveI wetion land, stay to serve "the of the God. for in these ever of the ruler portion mountains a over the land.. and the become

Priesthood will build up go and redeem and Christ,"in return for is Jesuswho of the center their First Inheritance, he made stake of Zion."Discourses, Young, Brigham Journal of

liberty. ofthe blessing vol. 11, 16.)( p. 370) page (Continued on

THE GREAT WARRIOR SPEAKS "Wjj Mndu ahSL at in old Indian 1880 an old,BACK sat of the at the head semimjLj bade oSl 9 cujL Creek.tello band,As youshouldknow,be theon sidetrackBannock

is train of the big thunder which on circle formed members by the is to Pocatello a to be Creek moved the within standing Council,of the this south, farther place place and buffaloskin ofwalls his mammoth is Pocatello. to be named of thislodge. young men The not does white man "The know CLOE BOYCE finest the of By of typeCouncil were

is street that his building the he on {BaanAak'Waat) for beauty, strengthphysical and tribal runners.they were Down oldestin this oceanland, ato trailoceanwornrunners'three trailfeet sides each neckboth of hung smooth

in places. deep

hair.plaits glistening black of a of Rogers, BoYCE member it is CLOE that things of these not "But of braids bosoms the hung over in Pocatello, Idaho,These Church

I I this to night. to speak you wish

is as she where BaanAak- knownperfect seldom mold, which bosoms old. the This be growing may am profitable has spent Waat, many fatigue from never with andheaved

I life call last this shall in in time writing gathering auyears and you nerves, behind whose hearts beat thentic stories of the Idaho Indians, to our tribal Council."

throbs, they under withonly even be this of unusual account them among the replenished someone While the Pocatello, exertion, Council Chief and stress ofthe physical fire of blazing with sagebrush and the investigations 1880. auher Of strain or sorrow.mental deep

logs, old the stood Cottonwood man writes: thor the leader only old was The early childhood, as "Since even silent. continued: he Then seated. wasmember was He who I early as of 1883, heard Chief have for a Council not have met "We In low, Pocatello. sixthe years spoke. the past only During one who in refor neither Council war, a of

I interviewed Indians and have many said: "Let toneswellmodulated he

is big a hunt. the to This gards this settlers old time concerning his beforeevery runner on be way

I talked warrior. noted soul. day the of are Council on Here One we to east. in risenthe the has sun Go LaSalle as with Pocatello stood we the of Creek, very banks Bannock

Tell tent children. inevery the city the of viaduct on Pocaof my surveyor, the the spot near where

tello. the courthouse grounds On night, this Council. be, to at athem tried to his Davis, Benton and men I of the city talked with PocaJanett in his as place hearer beLet every

I tello. trail. find lost children are of the a Both warbe on But must

his perch."the owl mounts I rior. listened to have Frank Ranis there with but my talk,—already great dall, distance not and of (misprograndson was The Aashan until valley's of the the width walk

Chief. the nounced Ocean), famous his to reacheach runner knew how sunrise. hours.) (Three the sons daughters Washakie and Of district inparticular least posthe

Still questions. asked I had many It is "I to say. for a have muchsible time. ReservaHall Fort The write Pocatello. not could of OneI I this that called have wise purpose old.tion years ten years sultry day, was hot Ten grass blades when

had been ample time for every rundrooped, an Indian of the Ute tribe, meeting."

firelight flickering played of his Aarpin, on grandson The walked on learn stonener to every and every tell to miles than more two chieftain. attired strangely His a trails of the numerousbush later, things. after months Then made mecrutch after the moccasins Shoshone were confine. thewithin sleepless night of long a gathering

The older men remembered times historical threads, I arose and wrote type; his gray and blue blanket was

States to United Governthe following authentic story of traceable their carried runners messageswhen

Pocatello's lesson to his people. was the bead ment annuities; work rodeon foot. young These men

small horses around sharp curves, of no definite tribe; his hair was cut

up steep hills, and through rocky with the short forelock of the Bangullies. It was a long time after the Chiefs had talked of history. nock tribe. In his right hand the

first pack horse had been brought Some had talked of religion, and chief held the wing of an eagle, eminto the land of the Eutahs, before others of the white man's political blem of the highest law on earth, his head, though not exthese people owned horses. But theories and practices. Some had truth. On

when they did acquire them they talked of the wisdom of being friends actly in harmony with braids, sat a made quick work of learning to be with the white man as their fathers, tall silk hat, as black and shiny as the best riders of the land. now in their graves, had taught the the braids of younger chiefs.

people. There was a long pause.

REAT numbers of blanketcovered Then, when the eastern sky said "Many winters have passed over men, women, and children were it was three miles'run to the time the my head. Soon I go to the land

gathering in Sunbeam Valley on the morning star should rise in the east, where snows are not too deep, where creek called Bannock. Though the great warrior, who had sent out summers are not too dry, and where

there was little noise there was much the call early the morning before, men's misunderstandings stand not activity. rose to his feet and began his talk, in the way of happiness. I have

The women said: "Eat, it is a the talk all the people had come to stood by the waters of the clear

long time till morning."hear. Looking Glass Springs. I have seen

The hoot owl had cried his mourn- "My children! We have met here in their depths the reflection of my

ful cry, and had been imitated by on this creek which was named for life. It is the things that I have

numerous human voices. Twilight the great leader of our neighbors, seen in that reflection that I wish to

and supper time had passed. Midthe Bannocks. It is a strange turn talk to you about.

night had come and gone. The of events that the Bannocks should "I must have finished my talk

warm air of the evening had turned be near the banks of the creek which before the sun rises, that when it cool and bracing. Midnight dew the white men named for me, Pocadoes come forth it will shine on a

had turned to particles of frost. tello Creek, and that we, the Poca- [Continued on page 373)

It splintered and gave way. Zeb ZeBULON FIVE

levhis into the room, gun sprawled theSmith—"Zeb"force—had QFFICER tall a eled. confronted by He finishedjust his long vacation—oneto inscrutable eyes iron stove investigating of it! only and—thewasmonth Thehe had done was in trout holes under MINUTE of a pale young man, seated in a

the willows. The only sleuthing chair, his left leg, bandaged and

was after a hare. True, the gun was splintered, supported by another

in him. front of was Zeb chairalong. He had to have that—just HERO the old floored. man? was Wherein case.

"Be going on duty thi's time toBY Where was the girl? Without

morrow night,"Officer Smith lowering his gun he surveyed the it. swiftly. had left one room No stretchingthought, himself out on ANNA PRINCE REDD that. where sure of Then He was itchin'the hotel for bed. "Kinda

they?some excitement."thumbed a A SHORT SHORT STORY were He

up, mister, and don't "Hands like newspaper.muchread "Looked

Mack'd been getting plenty of it. turn!"came a cold command in the

Gave that kidnap gang a pretty lovely voice that had brought Zeb tough chase. Golly, I'd like tO'have into action. His muscles stiffened.

trap! His steel gaze took in thebeen there to help old Mack. Tough A

luck the gang got away. Snatchin's bandaged leg of the pale young man

a dirty business."Zeb's thoughts before him. Harmless as he looked

something. to conceal trying he was felltrailed paper unheeded off. The

in it Something a weapon? Was still into the floor. the comWhile

fortably detached feeling that preZeb's mind clicked: The paper

gang! He'd kidnap Mack—the sleep,cedes a vague disturbance said them. Paper into stumbled

hispenetrated consciousness. knee! in the of got them one open. eyes His Mack Zeb's popped

its with working Zeb's was mindtrained ears to register a soft began girl trip the precision. He'd oldthud, thud, in the adjoining room, he'd her there. down back With

like tap the the of a cane hands rest of them! of the short work makeof old a decrepit man. wavery A inthin, leg the backward, crooked leg His tapping. thevoice accompanied didn't it budge. in with contact came dear, going you're not "Oh, my officer leg. It Smith But stove a wasout? What!"The voice grated on went down, hands up, fumbling for

listened nerves. forZeb's an He feet out of ten lay his which gun SURHIS HE GUN LOWERING WITHOUT reanswer. answer?"no "What, NO SWIFTLY. ONE THE VEYED ROOM fell out lunged he reach. his As he

IT. OF THAT. SURE HAD LEFT HE WAS petulantly. voice the "I hkesumed his opponent was for the weapon

to be answered know!"you dangerwere concealing. Weapons as before. musical answer low and

I dear. do.""Yes, you know criminals. on ous excite yourself. See, don't "Please in sat straight bed. Zeb up The floor the struck before he Almost I'll hold hand."your like was voiceanswering none had he feet, exhis to himself jerked Zeb

It girl's before.ever a heard was of a bore shatinto the scream TERRIFIED to look pecting J\

voice, low and musical. Zeb strained tered Zeb's complacency. "The old gun, for the thing he clutched in his

he had the not weapon dragon's hurting was old hand her—blamed

fell. It a as for washis"It—it'sears to prettycatch everywarm syllable.in here,"the reprobate!"and sprang he grabbed Zeb hissed

heavenly voice went on, "I thought from the bed. His gun came into book. Instead of confronting a gun

I'd take a walk along the lake play, precipitated by the rasping he was met by a laugh, a laugh that shore."voice from behind the partition. didn't run true to form. It was not

His daughter, Zeb decided. Tied "Don't fawn on me,"it was shouttriumphant, not cynical, just plain

to a gouty, whining old father. What ing; "don't I know you hate me? It's enjoyment.

a life! If she didn't get to take a my money you want. Not me, what? "Well, I'll be,"Zeb explodturn by the lake he'd punch the old Not me! I could—"The old voice ed. And then because the laughingsnozzle's head—or kick his big toe. died in a hiss. What he could have young man was looking at the book

Zeb grinned with relish at the picdone was never finished, for at that Zeb still clutched, Zeb looked at it thisture conjured up. "he betoo. Smith, instant Officer Zebulon Zeb, "Why you—you're—lake! the old voice "The What!"along duty. gan foolishly. on had gone He felt

That's the lake!shouted. by "Down wall. partition saved heaven the you, sir, you my Thank "Thank

that with young youwhere I saw there. tones tried life,"from bein dulcet there came was a door He

soldier!"the knob, found it locked, put his hind him. The book fell to the floor.

The way he shouted made Zeb shoulders against the panel and It took all the will power Zeb had grit his teeth. It was like sharp shouted, "Open! Open this door or to keep from wheeling toward that

steel scraping over a piece of glass. I'll break it open!"voice. His face was as red as the

That lovely young thing! Just Silence. Silence worse than the cover of the book he had let fall.

how he knew she was lovely Zeb screams of the moment before. The He grinned sheepishly at the young

didn't know. Her voice! It sent girl could be dying while he, an man; more sheepishly down at the

shivers of delight along his spine. officer, stood there arguing. With book. Its title leered up at him: It was too beautiful to be real. the destructive force of an elephant Ventriloquism—Its Uses on Stage

"I'm so sorry, dear,"came the Zeb's shoulders drove into the door. and in Drawing room.

Some points of difference dmom ihsL THajiA, Qhjd&JtiatL QkuMhsA.

A survey a few years made ago By LEON Y. POND Professor Herbert GeorgeINby

Betts of Northwestern University some very startling facts were priests, bishops, archbishops, and revealed. Dr, Betts asked fiftysix patriarchs. It teaches that salvation

questions on Christian theology of comes through obedience to the cereseven hundred ministers of the seven monies and rites of the church. Its

major Protestant churches. There members practice baptism by immerwas only one question on which all sion, which distinguishes them from

the ministers agreed: "Do you bethe Roman Catholics. They also

lieve God exists?"On all other

questions there was more or less 19, 1907, in PocaSeptember BORN disagreement. In considercomplete

tello, Idaho, Pond, Leon Younging the origin, the history, the of Alice fundason and Young Noahmental doctrine, and the government Pond, former president of the North-S.

of the churches we find several sigern States Mission, suffered a physnificant differences. ical collapse in 1935 while majoring

The Roman Catholic church was inUniversity.chemistry A atconsequentBrigham andYounginformally established at the Council creasingly acute progressive musLEON Y. POND

of Nicea, in 325 A. D. It has a cular atrophy has gradually deprived

the of him use of both hands inhighly centralized divigovernment, priest. and of The ecclesiastical

feet. bedridden, Although has conhe invested a wellorganized and difsions are presided over by a bishop. his tinued interested studies has and

ferentiated priesthood. It claims auhimself in particular in genealogical It has no strong, centralized governthority through succession from research. He had previously rement, but general church councils

Peter. It has only two offices in ceived training in the libraries of are composed of the bishops and preSeattle, Indianapolis, Portland, andthe the archbishop. over Each sided and by in the Library, bishop. and ChiNewberry

is cardinal, priesthood—priesttitles of archbishop, to this council. minister subjectThe in cago, the and 1934 had established

and pope are differentiated degrees genealogical department of the Ogden Zwingli, his disciple, Calvin, and of the office of bishop. The pope public library. It was out of his their follower, John Knox, who led

a correspondence with member ofstands as the the spiritual in Switzerland of the the head and reformation

Franklin, in family Pond Massachuischurch. the Associated with of Presfounders him Scotland, were the of the setts, a Church, nonmember

College of Cardinals. For local adwho inquired concerning alleged difbyterianism. These men went still

ministration are the parish priest, the ferences between Latterday Saint further in their teachings of salvabishop, and the archbishop. The beliefsects, andthat thatthe ofpresentprevailingwritingChristiangrew. tion by the grace of God. They

Roman Catholic church teaches that As such it catalogs sufficient informataught that some men were apsalvation comes by obedience to the tion to serve as a stimulating intropointed by the grace of God to be rites and ceremonies and sacraments duction for the investigator who is saved, while all the rest of mankind to further inquiry, anxious and makeof and, the church. the it teaches Since damned; predestined to be were

of the for the members Church who sin, did, of original it practicesdoctrine he could what man no matter this as basis for a welcome summary infant baptism. It teaches the docrenewed evaluation of their own. not change his predestination. This

trine of transubstantiation. It prohas been a dominant teaching of the

claims the validity of images in proPresbyterian church, but has been moting the greatest spiritual revaccept the doctrine of transubstangreatly softened in the last few erence. tiation. years. The Presbyterian priesthood

The Greek Catholic church, or as Due to certain abuses in the Roconsists of the offices of priest, elder, it is often called, the Orthodox man church, Martin Luther revolted and bishop. The recognized head

church, was split from the Roman against its authority. He taught that of the central government is the

Catholic in the ninth century A. D. salvation comes by the grace of God Archbishop of Edinburgh. HowThe dispute, at that time, was conand not by church ceremonies. ever, in America the Presbyterian

cerning images and image worship. Martin Luther repudiated the doccentral government consists of a

The Greek Catholics repudiated imtrine of transubstantiation and adgroup of bishops which is not strong ages and image worship, but have, hered to the doctrine of original sin. but which governs the conduct of

in times since, reverted to their use. He taught that authority was not the members. The ecclesiastical diIt has a highly centralized governnecessary in order to preach the visions of the church are known as

ment at the head of which is the gospel. Therefore, the Lutheran the local church or parish and the

patriarch of Constantinople. The church has no wellorganized priestsynod.

priesthood of the church consists of hood. The minister holds the office The Church of England, which is

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

known in America as the Episcopal England there were Puritans who comes by exercise of faith and rechurch, was estabhshed by Henry did not wish to separate from the pentance and baptism by immersion

VIII. When the pope of Rome reChurch of England, but who did for adults. They also taught the

fused to grant his demand for a diwish to correct the abuses in the free agency of man. There is no

vorce, Henry called Parliament and church. After enduring persecution highly organized central governestablished the Church of England. they came to America. These two ment, but each minister is responAs there were no doctrinal disputes groups established the Congregasible to a general church council.

involved, this church differs very httional church. This church is reThe pri'esthood of the church is

tle from the Catholic, but it denies sponsible to the local congregation composed of deacons, priests, elthe doctrine of transubstantiation and has no central government. The ders, and bishops. The deacons and

and permits the clergy to marry, as Congregational church teaches that elders are lay members of the do all other Protestant churches. salvation comes by the grace of God. church.

This church adheres to the doctrine Its priesthood consists of deacons The Seventh Day Adventists of original sin by baptizing infants. and priests. came into being through the teachIn the past few years there has been About 1 720, two young men beings of William Miller. His pre-

a division in the church. One facgan preaching in England. They diction for the year 1840 concerntion, known as the High church, were John and Charles Wesley. ing the end of the world failed to

wishes to return to the Catholic They taught that one's daily life materialize and he was ousted by church, while the other faction, should be methodical and that his followers. Several factions arose

known as the Low church, desires church ceremonies should be strict. but only one today is important.

to be completely severed from the They also taught that salvation This group was organized as the

Catholic. Both factions recognize comes by the grace of God through Seventh Day Adventist church by

the Archbishop of Canterbury as the the exercise of moral free agency, a Mrs. White who, with her folsupreme head of the church. The but they still adhered to the doctrine lowers, accepted fully the doctrine

ecclesiastical divisions of the church of original sin. The church these of free agency, but reverted to the

are the parish and the diocese. The men established became known as Jewish Sabbath, accepting thereby

Episcopal church teaches that salthe Methodist Episcopal church. part of the law of Moses. The Sevvation comes by obedience to the This church originally acknowlenth Day Adventist church council,

rites and ceremonies of the church. edged the supremacy of the Church composed of the elders of the church,

The priesthood consists of priests of England. However, today it forms the supreme body of the

and bishops, with a strongly centralhas its own central government. The church, giving rise to a strongly cenized form of government, patterned Methodist priesthood consists of a tralized government. It claims that

after the Catholic system. priest, elders, and bishops. The authority is not necessary to preach

The Baptist church has its earliest ecclesiastical divisions of the church the gospel and that any member of inception in the reformation in Holare known as the local church and the church may be a minister. The

land. Who was the leading spirit the annual conference which is prechurch priesthood consists of priests

of this reformation is unknown. sided over by a bishop. The cenand elders. The church also teaches

However, the Catholic bishop, Artral government consists of a council the nonuse of tea and coffee, tomenius, proceeded to Holland, inof bishops. The elders of the church bacco, alcohol, and meat.

vested with authority to prosecute. are lay members. The Methodist In Boston about 1850 a young

However, Armenius was converted church has become more congregawoman, Mary Baker Eddy, was and became the dominant leader of tional in the last few years. stricken with a very severe illness.

the reformation and firmly estabBetween the years 1 820 and 1 850, During her confinement she read the lished Protestantism in Holland. in America there was a great reliscriptures. She had been given up

Armenius taught that salvation gious revival. During this period by the doctors but cured herself by

comes by the exercise of the free about one hundred fifty different faith. She began to teach healing

agency of man and by baptism by churches were organized. Today by faith which she called Christian

immersion, after man has exercised only four remain. These four are: Science. By the time of her death

faith and repented. After the death The Christian, or Campbellite the Christian Science church was

of Armenius this very tolerant docchurch; the Church of Jesus Christ firmly established. Its principal

trine was abandoned, and the Bapof Latterday Saints, the Seventh teaching is that evil and disease are tists accepted the doctrine of preDay Adventist church, and the creations of the imagination, and by destination. The Baptists in AmerChristian Science church. Of these exercising faith in God and right

ica had their origin with Roger Wilfour, the Latterday Saints have had thinking all illness can be cured.

liams, who fled the intolerance of the greatest growth in the last fifty The Christian Science church has a the Puritan leaders of Massachuyears, increasing 26%. The Sevstrong central government, vested

setts. The Baptist priesthood conenth Day Adventists have had the in the First Church of Christ, Sciensists of priests and bishops, and the next greatest growth, approximately tist, at Boston, and has no priestcentral government consists only of 8%. The Christian Science has had hood. Its officials are called lecturBaptist a of council bishops. The ers readers. and the a Cathgrowth and Roman 6% practices church baptism immerby olic in the growth same period of of Christ Church Jesus The 3% sion, doctrine it derived from which lost All time. other of churches Saints, or socalled the Latterday

its name. membership. esformally Church, was Mormon

After the establishment of the The Christian or Campbellite tablished as a corporate church on

Church of England a group church was organized by the preachApril 6, 1830. It accepts fully and

arose wishing to adhere to more ing of the Methodist minister. Revcompletely the doctrine of the moral

purely Protestant principles. The erend Campbell and his son. They free agency of man, of faith in God,

members of this group were called renounced the doctrine of original repentance, and baptism by immerSeparatists. At the same time in sin. They taught that salvation {Continued on page 368)

J NATIVE BLOOD By ALBERT R. LYMAN

inTHEthe STORYland o/ THUSthe Nauajos,FAR: whereDown the

great, weird shapes of Monument Valley punctuate the skyline o} the Southwest,

Yoinsnez and his son and his daughter,

Eltceesie, lived in a hogan, neighboring

Husteele and his little son, Peejo. Bat despite their neighborliness in all other things

there grew a bitter rivalry between thetwo for the capture of a phantom horse—

Beleh thlizhen {blackhorse)—a stallion of

thatArabian type fullgrown appeared on

SOLISILENCE AND line,Huskaniny the UtahArizona on Mesa AT TWILIGHT. TUDE

and which defied all efforts for his capture, Courtesy of Harry

Monument stealth, or force.whether of trickery, As Goulding,

Valley Trading Postthe attempt occupants of each hogan would Operator.

his capture, the occupants of the other would lie in wait to see if their rivals were successful. Suddenly, however, the dread

influenza struck the hogan of Yoinsnez, crushing the life from his son and prostrating all others. While their rivals were Chapter VIII pation. But Pane began catching

stricken, Husteeleso sought and Peejo up—catching to capture again without Blackhorse—but They ran abreast—Paneup with everytookstep.the vissuccess. the devastating plague Then ited the hogan of Husteele. Ten days later,.HE milling crowd lead—he crossed the line two steps after Yoinsnez had finally gained strength took them withIit like driftwood on to the good!

to visit rival, his neighbor onlyenough and failed delight noisy Badger's a The stream. stir in Everything a was

still alive.elevenyear-old Peejo Yoinwas to carry of a loud above murmur over the foot Pane and his tosnez took the boy roof and own race—Joe chagrin. disappointment and The bluster, Natawney cared also him. Husfeele's took for He Begay—betting,

horses and herds and mingled them with and noise. The Badger could be nation's champions had been deHusteele's his own, burned and down humiliated! nation hoheard shouting orders from somefeated—the to blot epiin an out the effort dreadgan where, tone left and his doubt no Yoinsnez slumped down on the firstdemic. Yoinsnez's feeling compasof

sion soon, however, turned to rising resenthe was much ruffled. hogan like a wilted plant. The

ment and bitter distrust when Peejo seemed When the two racers stripped for shepherdess, frantic with the sting tell reluctant all to that his father, he and track, the the dapper disaster, going and of hmbs the Badger sawHusteele, learned Blackhorse. had Beof

faultless of form the medicine man's of dehght, contortions wild through convalescence, periodfore an adequate of

Peejo and Eltceesie were out caring for handsome son, claimed all attention. and she started for him as if in some

the sheep, and as a rival for Eltceesie's faPane was a fine specimen, but no bad dream of confused necessity.

vor Begay, Natawney there came vain such back, straightcreased and well When she reached him he was listhe tribe's favored big medicineand son of man. In boyish physical conflicts he bested muscled, and no such legs to endure tening again, unwillingly, to somethe sickworn Peejo. Yoinsnez's open apthe kind of punishment which had thing about this second race.

proval of Begay's attentions widened the selected and preserved only the fit- "That's all right,"she heard breach Peejo, and, Yoinsnez between and test of this desert race through genPeejo say, and she knew by the todriven anger, that Peejo told Yoinsnez he would never find Blackhorse until he erations of bitter hardship. sound that his firm jaw was biting

had returned to Peejo the sheep and horses The old man and his daughter off every word with unremitting purtaken from his father's corral, and then reached their perch on the hogan pose, "but you can't claim a cent of disappeared.Peejo had lengthened Months again as the crack of a pistol made that thousand dollars."info years returned when Begay home froma celebration in New Mexico to tell a the crowd suddenly aware the race "Who the h—are you, buttingbrooding Yoinsnez of having seen Peejo—had started, and they faced quickly into my affairs?"the furious store-

a new Peejo, now the adopted son of a about, treading on each other's feet man demanded.

that whitewealthy man, word who to look track. Pane's white down the "Never I am, I know mind whohe would back day come of some sentday—a shorts easily distinguish- I'm talking about."him made what "willtriumph Yoinsnez Peejo for in which

crawl on his belly and beg me to help able from Begay in spite of the dis- "He sure enough knows,"anhim."Then there came further to plague tance. nounced the Colonel behind him.

Yoinsnez's life a burly white man who set At first they ran abreast, and the "My boy knows his stuff."post, trading operated a questionableup

on gambling principles, and who finally stillness of suspense deepened in the Peejo and the Colonel seemed to goaded the reluctant Yoinsnez into a bet mass of watchers. Yoinsnez on his have delivered some kind of ultistakes race a high a horse and onfor foot perch stared with dropped jaw, matum, and as they turned away

race, the but won, which Navajos which raised, Eltceesie. while hands half the shepthey met to race anotherproved be merely bait for

with higher stakes. At the big race the herdess absently crumpled her "Oh, can you save us?"she

horse backed by the Navajos came in last, school hat in her fingers, unmindful gasped in a hoarse whisper.

his the arrivedbut scene Peejo on from of in interested father the wind playing with her loose "Isn't your thai the to advise adoptedfaraway home hair. a do?"I can look was and his whatwhite he man's Navajobred horse was and

could prove it. Begay took the lead, a foot—two challenge to the old man's failure to

feet! They had covered half the appear, "Is he afraid to see me?"

ting off suppressed yells of anticiasked in breathless hurry. (S"*"distance, and the Navajos began let- "Where can he find you?"she

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

"That red car on the hill is ours. "Did I tell you you would never Peejo's voice, "Shall I go with him

You can find us there."find Blackhorse till you gave me to Texas?"

my horses and sheep?""Doetahl Doetahl"(No! No!)

JtiLBOwiNG her way back "I am simply asking what about and his furrowed brow contracted she passed Pane's coach as he told these races,"interrupted Yoinsnez, with grief at the thought of it while a friend, "That Navajo boy is much with impatient dignity, "I didn't he twisted his stiff old hands tothe better of the two, but he lacks come here to quarrel with you—to gether in anguish.training."crawl on my belly after you-—to "If I stay will you talk with him

"Training,"she reflected. "Fithear you call me a thief, as if I had and make the old trouble right?"she

ness means not only the excellent not taken you from among the dead demanded in threatening tone.

gift of nature, but the efficiency and brought you to life again.""Oaa! Oaa sekiss!"{Amounting

which training can add to the gift.""You hated Husteele, and you to "Yes! Yes, my dear!") and he

When she came to her father with hate me."The resolute jaw closed put his knotty old arm around her

this second message of surprise, he with emphasis. "I'm going back to plump shoulders. "What must I

relaxed again from his burden of Texas-—-you can do with these races do?"he begged, appealing to Peejo,

woe, and his long teeth appeared in just what you think best."his lips atremble with apprehension

half a smile. Peejo had ordered He turned to join his white father and fear, "Tell me what you want.

the Badger not to claim a cent of at the car, but the shepherdess I'll do anything. Take the sheep,

if at everytake pleadingly his arm, them, save can youthe idea had no why, clutched money—she

thing, don't "Please! her take but please!"she girl away."begged, mybut a reason. she good knew he had

After all that the old man had great dark eyes looking through The hard lines in Peejo's face heard about his being forced to tears of heavy concern. "It is withrelaxed, he took the old man's hand,

crawl on his belly to Peejo, and now in your strange power to save us.""Shi bezhaal"(My father!) he

after Peejo had flatly refused to Closing his hand over hers, he breathed in reverent tone, and his come to him, it went cruelly against caught her gaze in a silent study, eye caught the beaming face of the his pronounced grain to allow Elt- "Will you go with me to Texas?"shepherdess. "I'll save you if I can."

ceesie to lead him off to that red car. he asked in English.

He was desperately eager to dodge, She looked from him to her faJLhe Colonel and the govfor unpleasant memories stabbed his ther and away at the eternal hands ernment agent, engaged in heated pride as he reflected, "He called on the horizon, her face beautiful controversy a little way off, called me a thief! He said I'd crawl on with its distress. She was no longer for Peejo to come, and he left the

the ground to plead with him. I'll an unwitting child, but a woman of shepherdess and her father gazing

not crawl on the ground to anypronounced thought, feelings, beaueagerly after him.

body!"ty, and the essential staff on which The storeman was in great anxHe greeted the boy stiffly, "A law! her old father leaned heavily. iety for his tangle of new liabilities,

Peejo!"Amounting to "Well, well! "I'm weary to death of life in a but he was resolved to yield nothing.

This is Peejo!"hogan,"she declared in a whisper, The proof that Blueblazes was the

"And this is Yoinsnez,"came the lest her father might understand white mare's colt, a fullblooded response with even more reserve, what she was saying, "but he would Navajo horse, was beyond histhough the glance from under the grieve himself to death if I went power to dispute—he squirmed and

level brows met the eyes of the shepaway."twisted under the weight of it.

herdess with a very different sentiTheir eyes met in distressed susNeither could he meet their con- a quarterment. was tried in tention that Pane pense, the old while man

page {Continued on 370) their to whisper- "These races—"the old man bealarm comprehend

gan awkwardly after a distressed ed English, or to guess the import of BEGAY TOOK THE LEAD, A FOOT—TWO FEET!

pause, "what can I do about them?"their sudden confidence. THEYAND THEHADNAVAJOSCOVEREDBEGANHALFLETTINGTHE DISTANCE,OFF SUPin to digand he tried hard ANTICIPATION. appear YELLS PRESSED OF father asked to her she Turning is in illustration colors a sketch water This fromnified especially not unconcern, artist, the reservaLee, on by cowboy Buck to in the their native prowith tongue

tion, guestranch the running now and and W-Lborn afterappear crawling much needed finality from caught she nounced had post within Valley. trading a Monument

help. "Do you remember Beleeh thlizhen?"Peejo demanded boldly, looking straight in the old man's shifting

eyes. "What do you mean?"faltered

Yoinsnez, hesitating whether to resent it as a thrust at the unhealed wounds of the past.

"If you had Beleeh thlizhen you would have won the race,"the young fellow declared, his level brows and square face the picture of firm purpose.

The furrows in the old man's sloping brow grew deep and knotty, "What kind of a hateful talk is this you're making?"he hissed. mk.,-... '"V/'jfif";

JAi PROTESTORS OF

Einsiedeln was, as it still is, a place CHRISTENDOM of pilgrimage. Many of the inhabitants of Zurich had heard Zwingli

in the occasion Einsiedeln preach on yjD. dbimmuMyL anxL visits of the shrine of their to the

wonderworking black image of the

Virgin. And on the 24th of December, 1518, he was elected pastor

of the principal church, the Grossof Zurich. munster, By JAMES L BARKER of foreign powers The ministers

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at came to Switzerland to secure Swiss the University of Utah, and a Member of the Genmercenaries for their armies. Zurich

eral Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union was a prosperous town of about seven thousand inhabitants and belonged to the Swiss confederacy earlier. It wasHUMANISM had prepared the in Switzerland. He spent two years formed two centuries

way in Switzerland for the there and then another two years at here that Zwingli was to work until coming of the rehgious revothe University of Vienna, where he his death.

lution. It had exposed the abuses studied the classics. In 1502, he Zwingli began to preach from

of the church; it had discredited the came back to Switzerland, taught Matthew and continued for four

methods and theology of scholastischool, and continued his studies at years to treat all of the New Testacism; it had placed more emphasis the University of Basel, and in 1 506 ment books with the exception of

on right living and less on pilgrimreceived the degree of master of arts. Revelation, which he did not think

ages, fasts, and the rites of the In the same year he was ordained was written by John. His sermons

church; and it had emphasized the a priest in the Roman church and were largely devoted to moral teachnecessity of going back to original appointed to the pastorate at Glarus ing and, in matters of doctrine, he

sources: in religion, of going back by the bishop of Constance. Howadhered closely to what he could

to the original scriptures. "By 1520 ever, "he had to pay over one hunprove from the New Testament.

there were eighteen German, two dred guilders to buy off a rival canUnlike Luther, who accepted anyDutch, eleven Italian, and four Bodidate who was favored by the thing in the church that was not exhemian translations"of the Bible. pope."In order to read the New pressly forbidden in the New TestaThe printing press made it possible Testament in the original, he learned ment, Zwingli rejected everything

to place these translations of the Greek without a teacher. In 1515, that was not expressly authorized by

scriptures in the hands of many. he visited Erasmus at Basel. Like it.

The reading of the scriptures in Erasmus, he had the highest regard During these years, Zwingli made the original text by the humanists for the pagan writers of Greece and no direct attack on the Roman revealed the contrast between ChrisRome, and was one of the few in his church, but was content to preach tianity as it had been instituted and time who believed that the good truth as he saw it and, if it was to as it had become. For Erasmus, the heathen would be saved and who be contrasted with the practice or

way to secure reform was to acthought that they had been influteachings of the church, to let others quaint the people with the earliest enced by the Holy Spirit. do it.

beliefs and practices of Christianity. Like other priests in Switzerland,

it is true, Zwingli opposedTo this end he published his Greek Zwingli accompanied his parishionTn 1518,

New Testament at Basel and preers to the wars in Italy. He was the sale of indulgences by Berpared editions of the Church Falater to oppose the sending of these nardhin Samson, apostolic commisthers. mercenaries to the armies of the king sioner, who had crossed the Alps

In Switzerland, the beginnings of of France and of the pope. from Italy for the purpose. Howthe Reformation were humanistic. As yet Zwingli was a liberal in ever, neither in Einsiedeln nor in

Its first leader, Ulrich Zwingli, rereligion, but in no sense a rebel or a Zurich did Zwingli's opposition lead ceived a humanistic education in the reformer. His interest centered in to any breach with the church. The

universities Basel of and Vienna. of Zurich supported Zwinhis in officials studies Greek and Latin and

1, 1484, born January of Zwingli was the archbishop gli and even Conpolitics. 1520, 1515 to he reFrom

at Wildhaus on the west side and ceived an annual pension of fifty stance approved his opposition, and near the southern end of Lake Conguilders from the pope. In 1518, Samson returned to Rome.

stance in Switzerland. His father the papal nuncio appointed him For two years Zwingli made few

was the chief magistrate of the vilchaplain at Zurich with an increase enemies. The city officials were conlage, and his mother was the sister in salary. Zwingh declined both. tent that he and others should preach

of a priest. In 1516, Zwingli was called to the scriptures so long as they were

At first Zwingli was educated by Einsiedeln. Zwingli secured a vicar silent about human inventions which

his parents and by his uncle. At the for the church at Glarus, accepted had crept into the church.

age of ten he was sent to a Latin the new post at Einsiedeln, and conWe have seen that in Germany school in Basel and, at the age of tinued to draw his salary at Glarus. the civil authority came to exercise

fourteen, to a college in Berne, diPhilip Schaff, History of the Christian Church, vol. the supervision and control of a

rected by the best classical scholar vil, p. 2-1. bishop. This action of the magis344

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

tracy of Zurich is the first instance concerning the teaching of our preacher, of the substitution of the civil power Master Huldreich Zwingli. By some, he is

for the episcopal authority. It resaidothers,to abeheretic.a betrayerAmongof thethe people,clergy andby

ceived Zwingli's approval and was lay members, the peace is increasingly disto become common in Switzerland. turbed and complaints reach us almost daily.

The break with Rome came over In the public pulpit Master Huldreich has the observance of Lent. Zwingli deofferedteaching,thereforeif he is tograntedgive antheaccountopportunityof his

clared in a sermon that there was no to hold a public disputation, before everywarrant in scripture for the abstibody, both religious and worldly. We have

nence from meat during Lent. Some consented that he hold the same in the Gerof his friends ate meat during Lent manhave languageinvited tobeforethe samethe Greatall theCouncilpriests andand

and the bishop of Constance urged those having the care of souls of our counthe observance of the church reguand a seal of the redemption through Christ. try, including the most worthy Lord and

lations and of the church fasts. The 19. Christ is the only mediator between Prince, the Bishop of Constance.... Whomagistracy took the side of the God and man. ever then is displeased or doubts what

church, and Zwingli defended himwhich24. ChristiansChrist hasarenotnotcommanded.bound to any worksThey whoeverMaster Huldreichis in a positionteaches hereto showin thethatpulpit,his

self in his first printed book. The may eat at all times all kinds of food. sermons and teachings incite to rebellion or

are heretical, let out of divine him power of eradication thebishop urged 26. Nothing is more displeasing to God

... his error. demonstrate (Zwingli's) now doctrines,heretical hypocrisy, Zwingli rethan and

the Zwingli: times remotest From God brethren. are 27. Christians Allplied in a book, Beginsecond The has will to the His made human known 28. permits and has not Whatsoever God this In the End.ning and is race. clear in... This of and word is is right. he atforbidden, marriage Therefore

itself; additions but of teachings and the ceremonies human the church bytacked to all men. becoming

it has, for in years especially our time, and to scripture the against appealedand of no greater scandal than the 49. I know

troubled been befogged, the so that and priests, to prohibition of lawful marriage church. of theauthority greater those part of are called Chriswho to permitted they are have for money year In this same tians, ( 1 522 ) Zwingli while less of nothing of the than know concubines.

petitioned the bishop of Constance Scripture 57. The Holy knows nothing of divineship andwill,mistakenbut knowholinessonly an imaginedbased onworex- this life. free after preachingto permit the of the a purgatory

ternals alone. error led such are they To the 59. condition alone 58, knows God the of thegospel marriage and their those guides, should be while by who less the the departed, of has and made He petitionpriests. course, the was Of lies in truth the the of Christ as words we less to us, to the pretend should known we

learn priests, the includgranted, from gospelnot them the but and may some know.

ing Zwingli, disobeyed. Zwingli's writings of the apostles. Now when a few

marriage to Anna Reinhart, a widZwingli thought of God as the abbeginsideredtoChristians,announce butthese,aretheycalledaredestroyersnot conow, was not made public until two solute will. He "concluded that of the church and heretics. As such I am

years later. God's decrees were absolute and also considered; although I have already

To quiet the commotion caused by that man's salvation was utterly deannounced the glad tidings for the last five it city, in this years has not been enoughhis preaching, requested Zwingli decrees. these upon the pendent Hu-

.. to justify the. Therefore my

city (the and Small merit government moral freedom had and man of to thanks be Zurich—andcourse.

dis- ) to public holdLarge a Councils standing whatever. granted no public a disputation. had me God them—haveGentlemen

putation { debate ) on the sole authorfrom eternity elected certain indi- I have drawn up theses which contain the

I taught. in are they of what Thatity basis of the scriptures. to sum to eternal for viduals As a life and others

the gospel with to harmony prove I hope... sixtydiscussion,the eternal death or damnation. up he drew also everywhere, before gracious our Lord,

seven articles, including the follow- "Zwingli did not deny the terrible the bishop of Constance, and his advocates.

Spirit to speak. has urgeding: of God me fall of The fact of the the curse and

I in then Forward name. am. God's Here

sin, reoriginal or hereditary but is nothing 1. All gospel say that the who I Generalvicar did Fabec: not come...

err the ofwithout the church, approbation this sin disease as a moral garded here evangelical apostolic to combat or cast reproachand God. upon teachings, to listen, itself in but of conand case only, involve did not of which

2. is gospel the of Lord sum The that Our tention, in to decide, to general and do guilt. that personal taught Luther the Christ, true of Jesus has God, made Son

.., to secure everything unity peace and sin original personal did involve will Father, to of us the His heavenlyknown for so Paul gospel. the and commands

and redeemed us by His innocence from guilt, even in newborn children, and However, should one desire to disturb old eternal death, reconciled to us and God.. tradipraiseworthy infant that necessary. ancient baptism customs and was

is 3. to the only Christ Therefore way tion, I declare, then as the representative the of the attacked primacy "He salvation are, to all were, who who who of the Lord, of bishop that Constance, my

shall be. saints, the meripope, of the worship to to nothing have commanded I am do

8. live this in All are His who memHead it. fasting, toriousness works, with things to of good belong the general Such

is this bers children of and God. And councils bishops. of nations and. Therefestivals, orpilgrimages, monastic

saints, the the church, of the communion fore that, for I advise the there time being,.. ders, auricular celibacy of the clergy, of Christ, bride the (the Ecclesia caihoUca disputation be over papal century no old

universal church). confession, absolution, indulgences, or other spiritual constitution, especially

15. the believes shall gospel Who be penances, purgatory since and is the Lord, of as human bishop Constance, my

saved; believes shall not be damned. who rulers that the informed (Reichsstande) in inventions, with no foundation

is in the the truth clearly gospel For whole to decided have hold a general council in scripture.'"contained.

,.. year. within a Nuremberg

16. From the gospel we learn that the

doctrines traditions cite generalvicar of to are and wished The men three there dispufollowed all of no Tn to use salvation. to the schooland appeal is tations. taken tradition following The is 17. Christ eternal highpriest. the one to confute the but Zwingh, men Genfirst resist, priests of the dispupretend theThose account high to be from who

yea, set aside, the honor and dignity of tation in Zurich, January 29, 1523: eral Council declared that their deChrist. cision must be determined according

Often, Roisf: worthy most Mayor 18. Max Christ, offered himself once on who scriptures. to the that decided They in the for time learned gentlemen, and some is the cross, sufficient the and perpetual to as he should preach be allowed division Zurich, arisen city has of and land sacrifice for the sins of all believers. Therefore the mass is no sacrifice, but a comQualben, History of the Christian Church, pp. 244he had done. memoration of the one sacrifice of the cross. 246. {To be Continued)

RA CAMPAIGN By JOHN D. GILES SETS Field Supervisor, Y. M. M,LA. NEW

ALLTIME RECORDS Wjosl iiJuhMJdpldmidL,

Asint in. ami mxfuL

ihavL swsuv hsixfuL in.

hi&Jt&u

HPhe unexpected has happened. Although business conditions were

far from normal for the greater part of the Eta subscription season and affected seriously some of the larger stakes which dropped behind last year's totals, the 193738 alltime record for Improvement Eta subscriptions was exceeded by a substantial margin during 193839 and the subscription lists crowded well up toward the fifty thousand mark.

A brief review of the activity, which is carried on entirely by the efficient volunteer forces in the field, impelled by a glorious spirit of missionary service, brings to light some new leaders in various sections of the Church and adds more laurels to the stakes which have been in the top lists for the past several years.

The campaign started in recordbreaking fashion. Eta Week produced

more subscriptions than have ever been received in one week in Eta history with the single exception of 1929.

If the pace set during that period had been maintained, subscriptions would undoubtedly have passed the 60,000 mark. The approaching election, however, threw the campaign efforts into

a slump from which it required several weeks to recover. A moderate pickup was just getting under way when First row, EASTERN STATES MISSION, left to right: President Frank Evans; Sherman S.

Supervisor. Y. M. intervened.Christmas again With a Brinton,

left row, Second President Jones; to right: John Karl Y. STAKE, M. Ward, W. IVl.LONGI. A. BEACH M. M. affecting of circumstancescombination nevifly Sti'uble, of president I. A. Superintendent; appointed Agnes outgoing I. A Snow, Audrey M. Y. W.

the field, subscriptions at one stage of president of Y. W. M. I. A.; C. Ed. Walker, Y. M. IVi. I. A. Era Director; Ruth Lindquist, Y. W. M. I. A.

the campaign were more than 2,500 beEra Director,Third row, SNOWFLAKE STAKE, left to right: President Samuel F. Smith; Frederick A. Turlcy,

of I. A.; Florence President; Denham, Y. Y. Virgil Flake, M. M. M. I. A. W. corresponding period of the Superintendentlow the

Merrill, Nellie Director. A. Director; G. Era Era Y. M. I. A. M. I. Y. M. I. W. year.previous

left right: Fourth row, to President Stephen Grant H. Winter; STAKE, A. Strehel, FRANCISCO SAN

Then the splendid organization spirit Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Margaret Stephensoin, President of Y. W. M. I. A. and also Era

and the magnificent missionary attiDirector;FifthGrantrow, Ursenbach,OAKLAND retiringSTAKE, EraleftDirectorto right:of Y.PresidentM. M. I.EugeneA. Hilton; Lund A. JoJtnson, Superintude of thousands of workers in the tendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Mary C. Dunham, President of Y. W. M. 1. A.; Lee Pitchforth, Y. M. M. I. A.,

field began to tell. Increases were Era Director (no photo available); Naomi Layton, Y. W. M. 1. A. Era Director.

noted in nearly every section, and although some stakes appeared to be lagfew weeks. At the beginning of April more subscriptions were credited durging, the total efforts of the field forces there appeared to be an even chance ing the campaign than ever before since

started subscriptions on 'an upward to equal the remarkable record of last the Eta was first published in 1897.

climb which with very slight variations year. Shortly after, however, the Los Angeles Stake again led the

continued until the campaign ended. steady stream of subscriptions became Church by a wide margin in both total

The big surprise came in the last a veritable deluge with the result that subscriptions and per cent of quota.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

Although the almost impossible record scriptions, earning position on both among the states. Utah, with five Ciof last year was vigorously attacked Citation lists. Its subscriptions were tation winners, was second. Oakland

by nearly a thousand workers in the the highest ever taken in that stake. Stake came into the Citation list with

various wards of the stake, the leaders Idaho Falls, one of the most loyal of a splendid campaign which earned fifth had to be content finally with 1,351 the stakes, year after year gained a place and a Citation in Group A for subscriptions, representing 305.6% of wellearned place on the Citation lists. total subscriptions. Mt. Ogden Stake

the quota. While this was slightly unOgden Stake conducted a well planned in seventh place for total subscriptions

der last year's record, it greatly exand enthusiastic campaign to win and tenth place for per cent of quota ceeds the best record ever made by fourth place in its group for total subbecomes a Citation winner as one of any other stake in the Church. scriptions and eighth place for per cent the twenty leading stakes of the Church.

Wards of Los Angeles Stake varied of quota. The Ogden Stake campaign Splendid campaigns, well organized

from 121% to 550% of the quota, with was exceptionally well planned and and carried through successfully for the several exceeding 400%. The highest was followed through very eflfectively. entire season, were conducted by a

total per cent was Grant Ward with A notable feature of the campaign large number of stakes which space 550%. Huntington Park with 466% is the fact that five California stakes prevents paying special tribute to at

was second; South Gate with 438%, and the Cahfornia Mission qualified this time: The ten leading stakes from

third; and Eastmont with 437%, fourth, for Citation Honors, taking first place each of the four classes are as follows:

Such a record in the face of existing business conditions is a splendid tribute to the cooperation and devotion of the good people of Los Angeles Stake.

For the fifth consecutive yean Los

Angeles has led the entire Church, establishing more new records than have been established by any other stake in the Church. In the Citations,

Los Angeles comes first in both total subscriptions and per cent of quota.

In a close finish, second and third places for total subscriptions from the larger stakes went to Salt Lake and

Ensign Stakes in that order, with Ogden

Stake and California Mission making excellent showings and both earning places on the Citation honor roll.

During the year Ensign Stake completed a project started a year before and presented to President Heber J.

Grant a scroll containing the names of 1,223 subscribers.

In Group A, composed of the smaller stakes and missions, Eastern States

Mission set a new record for missions with 519 subcriptions. Long Beach

led all the stakes in this group, with

Snowflake, San Juan, and Oakland also winning Citation Honors. Long Beach

and Snowflake were close contenders during the entire campaign with the "California Spirit"finally winning out.

In per cent of quota, which from some angles is the fairest basis of comparison,

North Central States Mission led

Group A with 240.6%. Eastern

States Mission, leader among the missions in total subscriptions, was second in per cent of quota with 221.6%.

Moon Lake Stake, just a year old, claimed honors among the stakes in this group with 179.7%, this baby

stake exceeding Phoenix, also a new stake, by less than 5%. San Juan, first

stake in the Church to reach its quota, maintained a lead for most of the campaign and finally finished in third place among the stakes of its group in the First row, SALT LAKE STAKE, left to right: President Wilford A. Beesley; Lincoln F. Hanks,

total listings, winning Citation Honors. Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Arzella Smith, President of Y. W. M. I. A.; William Earnshaw,

Directors. I. A. Era Bryner, Y. I. M. Gwendolyn and Director; Earnshaw W. R. A. Susie M. Era M. in the Y. completed Juarez Stake Mexico

Young, George Cannon F. left Smith; President Winslow right: to row, Second STAKE, ENSIGN this list in group, finishing apCitation I. I. A. Ni. Y. M. I. of A.; M. (No President Clawson, P. Louisa Superintendent; A. Y. W. M. Y. M.

proximately 10% behind Moon Lake. Era Director appoirrted); Ellen Barrett, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director.

Superintendent Bates, Parley G. Dye; A. President right; left row, Samuel to Third STAKE, OGDEN activities consistent of the most One

Alfen,, Y. M. M. I. A. Era I. Van President 1. A.; Nicholas of Y. R. Child, A.; Lula M. M. W. M.

of conducted the year by was Director. Ediing, A. HollyofDirector;Y. Y. Era Mary M. I. W.

wood Stake which finished in second Fourth row, CALIFORNIA MISSION, left to right: President W. Aird Macdonald; W. W.

place in per cent of quota, leading all Sorensen, Y. M. M. I. A. Supervisor.

stakes of the Church except Los AnSuperintendentFifth row, ofMT.Y. OGDENM. M. STAKE,I. A.; Myrtleleft to right:Price, Y.PresidentW. M.WilliamI. A. H.President;Reeder, EugeneJr.; RossW.H. Robinson,McCune.

geles, and in sixti place for total sub- Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director; Mrs. John A. Hendricks, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

Leaders in Total Number of Subscriptions Group "A"1. Eastern States Mission..... 519

2. Long Beach 421

3. Snowflake 400

4. San Francisco --. 354

5. Oakland --346

6. Taylor...- - 343

7. Woodruff -. 341

8. East Central 328

9. Northern States Mission 321

10. Lethbridge 310

Group "B"1. Los Angeles 1,346

2. Salt Lake 950

3. Ensign 855

4. Ogden—844

5. California Mission -—839

6. Hollywood 799

7. Mt. Ogden 704

8. Weber 636

9. Box Elder 628

10. Wells 618

Among the missions, there was spirited competition, with the best showing yet made. With three missions among

Citation winners (two of them, Eastern

States in total subscriptions, and North

Central States in per cent of quota, leading the entire Church in their groups, and Eastern States Mission winning double Citation Honors) the missionaries have earned the commendation of the entire Church. Reports indicate that the statement made

frequently by President Heber J. Grant

that "the Era is the best missionary in the Church"is being substantiated in hundreds of homes in the missions.

California Mission, a perennial Citation winner, finished in fifth place for total subscriptions and barely missed double Citation Honors, finishing sixth right; President First left to Regional Leo J. Muir, Campaign STAKE, row, LOS ANGELES

Baiter, General George A. Superintendent Eccles Shari Manager; President in per cent of quota. Campaign; Wilcox, Manager Era

Y. W. M. I. A., also Associate Campaign Manager; John M. Iversen, Regional Campaign Manager; W. The fact that total subscriptions

Waite, Noble row, Second RegionalHOLLYWOODCampaign Manager.STAKE, left to right: President Wilford G. Ediing; Ira L. Hurst, were exceeded and more stakes, misSuperintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Leah C. Van Wagonen, Y. W. M. I. A. President; E. J. Sorenson, sions, wards and branches reached their

Director; Mercie Lee, A. Era Y. M. I. Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director. W.

left row, Third right: President to Archie R. Boyacl<; Reuben L. Allphin, quotas than in any previous campaign, BIG HORN STAKE,

Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; EIna J. Croft, President of Y. W. M. I. A.; Reed J. Thomas, marks the 193839 period as the most

Director; Wilkerson, Era Era Director. Y. M. I. A. A. Ruby M. I. Y. M. W. history. Letters satisfactory in Era

left J. Hyer, right: to Fourth row, Clarence President Ralph Gardner; STAKE, STAR VALLEY Suthe General from have been sent Call, of I. A.; C. Y. Superintendent President Papworth, M. M. Elmina A.; Ivan M. I. of Y. W.

Director; Edith A. Director. Era Y. Shepherd, Y. M. I. M. I. M. W. of the pcrintendency Y. M. M. A

Call, left right: Fifth Ball; row, Fred I. PresidentA. Era Leonard G. to W. STAKE, FALLS IDAHO the of Presidency and the General Director of I. A. A.; President Superintendent R. Y. Era Addie West, M. M. I. (No of Y. W. M.

appointed for Y. M. M. I. A.); Alice Call, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director. Y. W. M. I. A. to stake leaders expressing thanks and appreciation for

Leaders in Per Cent of Quota Group "B"the remarkable achievement in the face of difficulties. the record great of As Group "A".304.6 Angeles 1. Los for prepare the campaign closes and we - 178.8 States Mission 240.6 2. 1. North Central Hollywood

2. Eastern States Mission—221.6 3. Big Horn. 145.6 an even greater campaign next year,

3. Moon Lake.- 179.7 4. Star Valley.- 124.9 congratulations are extended by the

4. Phoenix -.- - 175.2 5. Idaho Falls 123.2 Era staff to the thousands of persons

5. San Juan 172.1 6. California Mission—122.5 who contributed so effectively to the

6. Juarez.—-. 169.2 7. Cache -. - 118.5 greatest of all Era campaigns.

7. -.- 168.8 Union.-

. 168.4 8. Ogden 118 The Citation stakes will be honored 8. Chicago

9. San Francisco 164.4 9. Montpeher 115.8 in the Tabernacle on Friday morning,

10. New York - 147.3 10. Mt. Ogden 115.6 June 9, at which meeting President

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

Grant and many of the other General

Authorities of the Church are expected to be present. Appreciation will be

expressed at that time, officially, to all

Era workers and stake and ward officers who have participated in making the "Voice of the Church"available to the membership of the Church.

HIGHLIGHTS OF THE ALLTIME RECORD ERA

CAMPAIGN TOTAL subscriptions exceeded the previous high record by approximately fifteen hundred. Seventysix stakes and missions, the highest

on record, reached their quotas and received cash awards. Nine hundred thirtytwo wards and branches

reached their quotas and received checks for substantial amounts, also the highest number on record.

The 19381939 Citation stakes in the four groups are as follows:

Leaders in Per Cent of Quota Group "A"1. No. Central States Mission.-240.6

2. Moon Lake 179.7

3. Phoenix 175.2

4. San Juan 172.1

5. Juarez.169.2

Group "B"1. Los Angeles 304.6

(Also first in total subscriptions.)

2. Hollywood.178.8

(Also sixth in total subscriptions) 3. Big Horn 145.6

4. Star Valley 124.9

5. Idaho Falls 123.2

Leaders in Total Number Subscriptions Group "A"1. Eastern States Mission 519

(Also second in per cent of quota.) First row, NORTH CENTRAL STATES MISSION, left to right: President David A. Broadbetit;

2. Long Beach 421 J. NevinSecondRichards,row, IVIOONY. IVI. LAKENl. I. STAKE,A. Supervisor.left to right: President Edwin L. Murphy; Walter Kerlfsiek,

3. Snowflake 400 Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Zella Rust, newly appointed Y. W. M. I. A. President; Virgie F.

4. San Francisco 354 Larsen,Murphy, Y.retiringW. M. PresidentI. A. EraofDirector.Y. W. M. I. A.; Lyman G. Larsen, Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director; Myrtle

left row, Third to right: Broberg, President E. R. Price; James PHOENIX STAKE, Wallace 5. Oakland....346

Y. M. Ethel Peterson, A. Superintendent; M. I. President; Campbell, A. B. M. I. A. Y. M. M. Y. W.

Group "B"I. A. FourthEra Director,row, SAN(no JUANphoto available);STAKE, leftNormato right:Erb, Y.PresidentW. M. JosephI. A. EraB. Director,Harris; George(no photoA. Hurst,available).Jr.,

1. Salt Lake 950 Y.SuperintendentM. M. I. A. ofEraY.Director;M. M. I.ElizabethA.; MaryHalls,L. Adams,Y. W. M.PresidentI. A. Eraof Director,Y. W. M.(noI. photoA.; Lawrenceavailable).Palmer,

2. Ensign 855 Fifth row, JUAREZ STAKE, left to right: President Claudious Bowman; Bryant R. Clark, Superin-

3. Ogden 844 tendentEra Director;of Y. VivianM. M. 0.I. Skousen,A.; Ella Y.F. Bentley,W. M. I.PresidentA. Era Director.of Y. W. M. I. A.; Lynn Haws, Y. M. M. I. A.

4. California Mission 839

5. Mt. Ogden 704 LEEPITCHFORTH B. CAMPBELL NORMA WEBB ELIZABETH HALLS

(No Photo (No Photo (No Photo (No Photo

Available.) Available.) Available.) Available.)

aS/eQTo

Jenkins, presentday holder of most of

COURSE the world's overland speed records. M. I. A. READING THE—R. L. E. THEaturePulitzerfor 1938prize includeawards thein literfol- FOR 19391940 BOOKS

: lowing IN MIDPASSAGE AMERICA the Executives Voice From Dust—(Charles Beard, R. Beard Marjorie A. Yearling, and Mary by Novel The Bingham Genet Dee

1939. York, Macmillan Company, Rawlings Kinnan New Adults Rediscovery of The Man—pages. 949 $5.00.) Franklin, Biography Benjamin by Link C. Dr. Henry

Carl Doren Van vital, sigauthentic, intensely SCHOLARLY, MenGleaners M Alone—Richard Illinois, Lincoln in by Drama Abe nificant stirring, the at time and same Byrd

Robert Sherwood this historical of appraisal today America Antarctic Explorers Icebreakers—

Selected Poetry Poems, by John millions to acclaim with comes welcome K. Lorene Fox

Gould to understand wish America what Sisters Juniors Three—Cornelia who is History History of American is It AFletcher the headed. she is about and where Spencer ScoutsQueer Person—Ralph Hubkind of book to be recommended for serious Magazines, by Frank Luther Mott

BeeHive—bard Caddie Woodlawn—study,the significantfor intohappeningsits pages ofarethecompressedimmediate

the pointing past of with out what view to wife, capable according made, Henry who will the hold. future Carolners—BethRyrie BaileyBrink andMcLeanGood ManStates, the the of United James, Embassy ButDr. Nicholas from Quoting Murray

of not the London; embassy an embassy by ler, the authors the importance us show

last the Page, ambassador Hines Walter times: these of

his served, with under Bax whom passare period H. through which OF "The we HALEBISHOP JONATHAN his kindliness, his somewhat Missgeniality—and is fall like the the of period a ing... LIFE ANDNAUVOO—HIS countrified manner. like like the Renaissance, Empire, RomanMINISTRY

is at entertaining highly and book The political City. social Salt Hale, the the of Lake beginning and(Heber Q.

It's just the the informational. time same in in in revolutions pages.)1938. France and England 209

those of kind of have most book who centuries. eighteenth seventeenth the and

like in service diplomatic the been would commendable a done has author is It in powerful more ways some...THE if is to interesting It to write dared. they this in together bringing in service it all; the of holds world than them and more

present at that the time Emily Bax know life is the offamily what known volume it its certainly in grip of them, but than any resides in has become and City York his New bapfrom of who, ministry aand man its in charepoch-making them resembles a /. naturalized C. American citizen.—M. in the dark until his death in 1834tism acter."

filled eight of 1846, expulsion of thedays of the fairness with which Because the CARDINAL ASPECTS OF SPEECH many and held for the Churchmissions situations of authors the study approach

Lewis, and (James Murray Wesley friend, as responsibility, ofpositions exist today, they conas Midpassage America in

Inc., 1938.) York, New the early leadwith coworkerfidant, and as a PrenticeHall, scarcely be emphasized enough can

That the Joseph. Propheters, including to read. for everyone necessary book the idea that theory both and on BASED service be could distinguishedso much C. J.—M. for practice are the necessary developof years of twelve the into spacecrowded

ability, offer will this of speech ment book MISS EMBASSY OF BAX THE is matter noteworthy a membershipChurch in delivery practical help organization and Illustrated, Houghton Bax, (Emily his death, to brought Prior history.of

the valuable of as as speeches. Almost 1939. Boston, Mifflin Company, exodus, of the he hardships theabout by

itself lists text the references apof are pages. $3.00.) 279 of Nauvoo. the of Ninth bishop Wardwas to to the chapter each which pended and the author history, this family ofSpeaking to the attached AmerEnglishwoman will help. for turn additional student eager that is regrettable "It AN preface: his insays raised the see ican you Embassy? Can the In of Public chapter on "Types Ad-

... but him about more not know dowe raising are your own? you the dress,"imthat the us authors eyebrows—or inform have years of we over two searchafter a raised to regardless of 1914, 1902 From is address, but public not promptu speech aumore accumulated muchsurprisingly girl this employed English was eyebrows, is of instead a communimedium "weak first at even than datathenticated we the because the American Embassy by prospective cation."All speakers should dealt have found. could bethought We girl so employed been had American who take prepared. should be heed-—and carefully information, factual withonly ill the were Americans taken and been had late that speeches as from so Quoting."

. conjectures. fiction mere andavoiding of anresponsibility the hesitant to accept air of the given over E. Dewey, Thomas are deof the book pages closingThe since far other home, from so women away of that 3, 1937, October and Cam- J. W. to family Utah the Hale to followingvoted in those making were days stenographers the 27, eron, 1938, delivered auFebruary representation. its numerous to presentand field business. first of into the their entrance in interesting thors demonstrate approaches

offset proan reproduced volume, byThe detail enliven bits diplomatic Interesting of their the "Delivering chapter Speech."on numerous printed, contains than rathercess firsthand information bring the story and deare the dubious about Although many illustrations. decorativehistorical and doors. behind goes on Embassy about what sirability to instructing speakers of what E. L. is that—R. of the part delightful book The the in the expression, physical of do way

the author gives intimate, friendly pictures authors of this text approach the subject during of personnel the of the Embassy intelligently helpful suggestions. give and EARTH SALT OF THETHE

there: operated the years when she Wendell the library and J. Ashton, one to add to good (Ab Jenkins book is a Mr. The

Deseret News Press, 1939. 80 pages. Choate, with his zest for life; Mr. Whitelaw of Church members, because all of us at

Illustrated.) Reid, with his punctiliousness and his very times are forced to public life and should

acquit ourselves well. M. C. J.THIS interesting volume, with a foreword

"Bill"Rishel, A. D. by HOUSE relates the SWIFT MESSENGERS HARLEQUIN

fastest world's speedway the (Margery Sharp, ofhistory Little, Brown and the Bonneville Salt Flats of Utah—from By Marion Piatt Company, Boston, 1939. 312 pages.

the time since they slowed the pioneers $2.50.)

present the yielded they until the time when per miles of 357.5 alltime record hour. THECanpoet'sbe deadwordsletters HIGHLY entertaining, this book introduces

One of the most engaging parts of the Standing where he put them us to the slightly bizarre situation book is its numerous illustrations of autoIn ordered rows in which Mr. Partridge (he who buys bright

mobiles, places, and personalities which Upon the page, red stockings by the gross) finds himself show what has happened in the speed world Or they can be swift messengers after he has tried to help Lisbeth Champion within a generation better than words can Sent to conduct his kindred souls and her irresponsible but lovable brother, describe it. Interest in the brief chapters Straightway to the innermost chambers Ronny, who is too innocent for his own and

is enhanced by the coauthorship of Ab Where he dwells. {Continued on page 356)

HE WHISTLED AWAY A PSALM OF FOOLISH WISDOM "FATHER"

By Ruth May Pox By Louise Leighton By Mary Young Burton

a blind HEARD one day on man I whistling Whistling away, away; the street, Lo,WeWE haveare a buildedworld oftowerswise fools!to the stars. I SOMETIMESround. think, when Spring comes

He had naught but a cane to guide his feet; But we have not lifted the minds of men to And robin's notes I hear,

But enjoying the breeze that fanned his the light. I long the most for you, sweetheart.

cheek. And for your words of cheer.

He whistled away. We have constructed mansions and temples.

But we have not reared noblemen to dwell But when the Summer comes again,

Of corners and curbs so careful was he, in them. And skies are all aglow.

As he whistled away, whistled away; My heart is yearning still the same,

Avoiding obstructions—one, two, and three. We have heaped gold in our marts of trade. I need you, dear, you know.

He walked straight ahead with pride one But we have not minted coins of kindness.

could see, In Autumn when the leaves turn gold.

As he whistled away. We have healed sick bodies and mended And bonfires cloud the air.

crippled bones. My thoughts are all of you, just you,

The load he carried was heavy to bear, But we have not mixed potions to cure the You're ever in my prayer.

But he whistled away, whistled away; sick heart,

As though he knew neither sorrow nor care. Nor have we straightened a distorted brain. Oh Winter!—do not bring again

With a song on his hps that all might share, Nor halted epidemics of hate and war. The bleak and cheerless day;

He whistled away. My heart is desolate, like you.

We have crossed the mountains and spanSince he has gone away!

Happy the man, be his eyes dim or bright. ned the seas

Who whistles away, whistles away; With the speeding wheel and the spinning

Who walks the straight path with his face wing. to the light. But we have not bridged the distance beTALL SON

the pitfalls Shunning that wither and blight tween the rich and the poor. By Queena Davison Miller

he whistles away.As

harnessed light have and sound, we We yesterday a bright wind swept Out have chained energy motion. and

drifted petals cherry -'The down the have not GIRL GRADUATE the conquered But we forces of lane; evil.

By Christie Lund Coles Today the patterned snow is sifting white the pane. steeped have ourselves the with science Across We in sweeter thing all the world, of matter.WHAT

it this: than boy, seems Dear but yesterday us Let apply our spirit now to wisdom

virgin, womangirl petal of seventeen. small Your hand wasA within my Before our foolishness destroys the universe.

clasp; for earth life as Waiting waits summer's

bliss, Today it takes but two firm fingers'breadth

A sweet girlgraduate with eyes skyclean. To tax my grasp.

lifted face, unscarred pain.With by age or

earth'sUntouched care, A NEW GRANDPA or dark ugliness by eager hands, lovely as eveningWith rain. By Joseph Arrowsmith HOEING SUGAR BEETS strong forYet what come for them may

to bear. Tf you've had the care of babies By Jane Bradford Terry

* the love they And bring know to you.

is she sure, so brave oh, becauseAnd, and telling, Then you without know the and endless rows, down my let happily her unaware, Lord,So keep little the tikes What UPI do. can stoop hoe, and

faith expectant young, unchangedHer and aching With back sweating and brow pure. I Yes, lots they're know of trouble spirits low. My life lines though face her furrows withAnd a too, nuisance, And they say.

deep. don't But those pity you have who are knees bruised strained, and none My let Still lifted her eyes be skyclean. and they teach As to play? you how are hands stained, rough and My let her the heart of seventeen. keepAnd

feels wrist sprained sore and My

Have you ever had a grandchild. Yet on I go.

MY GARDEN Or wondered how it really seems?

Maybe you have hoped to have one But hark!

By Irene Paulconbridge Or have pictured him in dreams. From yonder fence there comes a sound

so sweet and clear, been walkingT'vE garden really in my Could to learn you love one, A meadowlark seems heavensent my* the mem'ry lights it Just Where way. as though were your own? heart to cheer.

I met old friends and walked with them No doubt you'll say you couldn't. A wild, weird scream! It's seagulls flying

Down paths of yesterday. If you have none in your home. low;

We talked of all the happy times Timed to greet you in life's autumn. TheyA killdeersoar, soundsthen gracefullyhis eerie,glideplaintiveto and cry;fro.

And fun that used to be. When your hair is turning gray, Two kingbirds dart and swoop as they

Of songs we sang together Just another glimpse of heaven, sail by.

In happy revelry. Come to cheer you on your way. I watch some swallows skimming o'er the

field- I found my weeping willow Little sweethearts, full of sunshine. Rich brown and cobaltblue are both

Still thriving in the sod, As they cuddle up to you. revealed.

sturdy tree ofAnd my can see faith and hope Maybe you your chorus in a treetop the lane daughter A down

Still to growing up God. In those lovely eyes of blue. the Proclaims message, "Spring is here

My garden will not fade away You can have your fancy titles; again!"

earthly do. gardensAs will interest of them None me. Refreshed,

If I can keep the sunshine in I've received a gift from Heaven. Somehow, Imygailycareshumhavea liltingvanishedlay far

And my skies forever blue. I'm a new G. P. away.

diii/iLoL JhjL JuiiUUL Gm Wjothsuc to d(sui. Oauqhisui.

rONCERNiNG the future, there are some things Vou are so young, so gay, so carefree, standing we know and some things we do not know. there in your attractive gown. Your white

That which we know, we know in general and not dress with its scarlet jacket symbolizes your in detail. duality: the white innocence of your youth and the

shall peace be at whether do not know We will happily through that carry jaunty you courage do or or a a year decade we at war wehence—but

life. cries at heart out that you, you Looking my shall prophets the of all of that the words know

yet be fulfilled. are grown too soon, that you will soon be leaving me

We do not know whether we shall be in poverty for your own adventure into living. I could not

or plenty in the seasons and the generations to help seeing the muting of your eyes as they caught the that keep they who know come, but we do Bob's when he handed you the single spray of rewill the reap of the Lord God commandments it is fawards of obedience, and that they who keep them syringa blossoms. Oh, yes, I know that

not will pay some form of penalty for each inmiliarly called the orange blossom.

fraction. When you slipped the tiny branch under the roll

We do not know what will be the popular of your hair, I also saw Bob's eyes light. I am glad,

will philosophies theories of I learning—what sorry. time be oh, that the so same am glad—at forth will bring scientific discovery acclaimed, what too, dear; sees you, choice for Bob's he my my

—nor do we know what the social order will be, to eye with you in all the things that matter. eyeHe

nor what political views will hold sway, nor after knows that you must start your life together by whom men shall be following—but we do know going to the House of the Lord, there to seal your

that the fundamental principles of life will remain lives through the eternities to come. He believes

unchanged and that there is no escape from them that the Church must be permanent in your lives and no short cut to glory. if you are to be truly happy, for those who live

We do not know what sorrows or what joys lie selfishly to themselves alone are in the end lost. He

in wait for us, or for our loved ones, or for the knows that in the Church you must be ready to stranger within our gates, but we do know that serve not only with your tithes and fast offerings, that man or woman who has not entered into the but also with your time and talents and that through companionship of prayer with the Lord God, his this loving service you will find happiness more

Eternal Father and Creator, shall find loneliness than commensurate with your efforts.

added to his sorrow when the stresses of life make

When your children come, you will both realize the way difficult.

that souls precious entrusted to they are a you by lies this in for store peowhat do not know We acwill expect render Creator you to an who the kind decade, year, next the next the ple—whether will realize for them. counting care of your You will find or fewer with us generation, more next

that the home you establish here will be the foundamaterial advantages than we now enjoy—whether

tion for the home that you will have in the eternity men will profess to love or revile us—whether the

to come. I remember all the fond hopes that I press will extol or attack us—whether we shall find

ourselves in the midst of greater depression or entertained that some day you would have a great career. But now I am happy that you have elected greater prosperity—whether we shall live in a

world which finds itself more spiritually enlightened to establish a home instead. Your family may not

acclaim you so loudly as the crowd might have or in greater spiritual darkness—what doctrines

acclaimed you, but they will be shaped by your men shall be preaching—or what d?gree of liberty

will be left unto us. But we do know that the life and influence as no audience could have been.

purposes of the Lord fail not, and though the Wise you are to have seen that the fame and heavens and the earth pass away. His word shall adulations of the many should give way to the

not pass away. lasting honor accorded by the few.

And we know that no matter what the future You will be a good wife, patient, kind, wise;

holds, it will be better for us and our families to be you will be indeed a help meet for your husband.

found among the faithful of this Church than in You will blend your fine points with his, that from any other condition in which we might find ourthe welding there will come a greater accomplishpossible from either of selves—and we know that this holds true for all of ment than could have been

our friends and acquaintances, young and old, and you alone. Keep the orange blossom fragrance in

for all men everywhere, no matter to what flag they your heart and its beauty in your mind, and eternity pay their allegiance or in what land they may make will but enhance the joys that you will find on this their home. R. L. E. earth.—M. C. /.

striking similarities that exist, despite the indeorigin, pendent a "psychic unity are explained byEvidences and that leads the other of the one men independently to arrive at the same destination."Some supportreconciliations ers of this theory speak of a "convergence"of

human ideas towards the same conclusions. In

xiii. dioiv do ipuu tuxDJUunL pfi. short, the bhnd or chance operation of some mystic

force explains the similarities appearing in the rehgious systems of the world.

This explanation is not confined to religious beliefs and practices, but is extended to the general cultural history of mankind. In economic

npHE great world religions have much in common. and social fields, in literature, art, mechanics, and

Hinduism, Taoism, Zoroastrianism, Buddhism, crafts, remarkable similarities exist among various

Confucianism and Mohammedanism hold to some peoples the world over. All these, this theory

tenets fundamental in Christianity. They all bedeclares, had an independent origin in different

lieve in an overruling power, God; in man's imland's.

mortality in some form; and in a divine plan for Similar myths, legends, and folklore exist among

the guidance of man to happiness. All of them all primitive peoples. The theory of "independent

recognize that growth and progress come through development"holds to the belief that out of the selfeffort, by selfcontrol and selfdiscipline. The shadows of the forest, the presence of death, and

brotherhood of man, cooperation, and the golden other experiences that stir the superstitions of man, rule are generally accepted as obhgatory upon all primitive magic was formed alike in different lands.

men. These doctrines are impressively similar to From this magic came religion, which in time, as

those of Christianity. (See H. M. Woodward, people progressed, became science. (See Frazer,

Humanity's Greatest Need.) The Golden Bough; Polk Lore of the Old TestaThere is a like similarity, though not so marked, ment. )

in the practices or ordinances of the religions of The second theory to explain the similarities earth. For example, baptism, the initiatory Chrisin the religions and other cultures of different peotian ordinance, is not peculiar to the Christian ples holds that there has been a diffusion of reChurch. In some form it is practiced by many ligious, cultural ideas from a common center or

nonChristian communities. In fact, the doctrine centers. This theory does not deny the possibility

of entering through water into a new life is wideof "independent development,"but insists that spread. Moreover, a practice equivalent to bapsuch development can not be proved. It claims

tism is very old. Among the Hebrews it was practhat observed facts are much more easily explained

ticed long before the days of Christ. In ancient on the theory of diffusion.

Egypt, a corresponding rite was in operation from In support of this theory are historical evidences days immemorial. Other Gospel practices likeof the diffusion of ideas, handicrafts, and arts

wise appear in other nonChristian religions. ( See pretty much over the whole earth. From early

Encyclopedia Britannica, Article on "Baptism.") times the human race has traveled widely, often

Even the substance of the Ten Commandments by sea. Intercommunication among widely sepdates back into far nonChristian antiquity, and arated countries has long been going on. The

among others than the Hebrew people. The Ten wisdom and the skill of man have been passed

Commandments were given by God to Moses on from land to land, from individual to individual.

among the thunderings and lightnings on Mount The accumulation of facts in favor of the diffusion

Sinai. Yet, in other forms their teachings were view is large and most interesting. Its modern

known by peoples who lived before the days of founder, Sir Edward Burnett Tylor, and his folMoses. The code of Hammurabi, a contemporary lowers have produced a la;r>ge and convincing

of Abraham, contains injunctions for correct living literature dealing with the diffusion theory.

resembling the Ten Commandments. (See R. F. This theory agrees with the former that there

Harper, The Code of Hammurabi. is a gradual development of culture from primitive

Such similarities might be multiplied, if necesto more advanced peoples. It also admits that

sary. How may they be explained? It is a fair there are occasional difficulties in this as with

question. every other theory. For example, the trilithons

In the abundant literature attempting to answer of Stonehenge in England, and those of Tongatathis question, two opposing answers or explanabu in Oceania, though very similar, seem so far tions appear. removed in distance as to have no relationship.

The first, for the moment the fashionable one, Yet, the general intercourse of mankind, since early sets up the theory of the independent development days, does not make it seem impossible that the of such similarities in different lands and among idea behind these ancient monuments had a comdiflFerent peoples. That is, reHgious beliefs and mon source.

practices have arisen spontaneously and indepenIn the field of religion, it has been well estabdently in various countries. The founders of the lished that there has been a wide diffusion of

various great world religions originated, from the ideas. Mohammedanism is a good example. From

foundation, the respective bodies of laws and reguArabia it has spread over Asia, parts of Europe lations and independently of other religions. The and Africa, and into many [Continued on page 380)

LEVI EDGAR YOUNG TO HEAD NEW HEADS APPOINTED FOR pacity. Elder Bowman was a member

NEW ENGLAND MISSION NORTHERN AND CENTRAL of the Y. M. M. I. A. general board

STATES MISSIONS from 1913 to 1935. Appointment o Elder Levi Edgar

S. Hinckley, who PRESIDENCY OF ONEIDA Young, member of the First CounCuccEEDiNG Bryant cil of Seventy and Professor of Hishas presided over the mission for STAKE REORGANIZED

tory and Political Science at the Unimore than three years, President Leo "Plder George E. Burgi, succeeding

J. Muir of the Los Angeles Stake has 'President Taylor Nelson, who has

been announced as new head of the served since 1920, was appointed head

Northern States Mission. Elder Muir, of the Oneida Stake recently, with

former State Superintendent of Public Paul R. Wynn, first counselor, and

Instruction in Utah, has served in the Phenroy Edgley, second. Retiring

Los Angeles Stake presidency since counselor was David G. Eames. J.

1923, when it was organized. Hyrum Bells, Leander Boyce, and

George A. Griffith of the stake high

council were also released. Reorganization was under the direction of

Elder Stephen L Richards.

NEW WARD CREATED IN PASADENA STAKE p\ivisiON of the North Hollywood

CARL F. EYRING LEVI EDGAR YOUNG Ward on April 30 added a new

unit, the Van Nuys Ward, with Paul

Pack as bishop, to the Pasadena M.

versity of Utah, as president of the Stake.New England Mission to succeed Carl

F. Eyring, has been announced by the Reorganization of three other wards

First Presidency. President Young of the same stake has effected the folwill leave some time in July for Camlowing changes: Austin D. Pack sucbridge, Massachusetts, mission headceeds Raymond S. Summers as bishop

quarters. of Pasadena Ward; Jean Wunderlicli

Elder Young became one of the replaces Bishop Louis Poggione of the

General Authorities in 1910. For many Rosemead Ward; and Harold Gunn

years he acted as president of the succeeds Albin Hoglund, bishop for

Temple Block Mission. An authority sixteen years, as head of the Garvanza

on western history, he has achieved a Ward.

prominent place in the field of educaDANISH ROYAL COUPLE tion during the past 40 years. Several FETED IN TABERNACLE

of his publications on Utah are well TOP: ELIAS S. WOODRUFF. JOHN F. BOWMAN. HPhe regular Sunday afternoon session

known. BOTTOM: BRYANTS. HINCKLEY, LEO J. MUIR. on Temple Square was the scene of

Dr. Eyring will return home to re- a notable demonstration of friendship

sume his place at Brigham Young Elder John F. Bowman, former mayor and good will on April 1 6 ( when Crown

University. of Salt Lake City, has been appointed Prince Frederik and Princess Ingrid

PLANS READY FOR presidentto succeedofEliasthe S.CentralWoodruff,StateswhoMissionconofhonoredDenmark,at avisitorspublicin receptionSalt Lake,whichwere

IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE cludes over five years'service in that cacrowded the Tabernacle.

"Deauty, character, and utility have been achieved in plans for the temple to be built at Idaho Falls. Designed

by a group of architects, comprising

Edward O. Anderson, Georgius Y.

Cannon, John Fetzer, Ramm Hansen,

H. C. Pope, and Lorenzo S. Young,

the building will be constructed of reinforced concrete on a fiveacre plot between Memorial and River drives overlooking the Snake River.

The temple will have a capacity of 150 people per company. In the baseLAKE FOR FIELD FROM THE SALT THE MISSIONARY HOME font, MISSIONARIES LEAVING the will baptismal be locatedment

1939 ARRIVED MAY MAY 11, 1, 1939—DEPARTED archives, waiting rooms,dressing and

left first right, Harold McQuarrle, to Taylor, Wlltna Cheney, Reading row: Douglas C. Meldra Thorup, kitchen Oflaundry, supply room. and

Thornock, Mackay. Roscoe B. Ashcraft, Rudger Veda Mecham, W. temple presidency fices for the and Pres. F. Rawlins, Reynolds, Clarence Baird, Kathryn B. Colton, row: the Veria Second Milton Ramsey, Howard Don

recorder, a waiting room for children, Lawrence Nelson, James Chatwin.

kitchen, dining room, assembly hall, Oyler, ThirdFrank row:Knutti,GilbertStanleyAnderson,B. Nance.Albert Rueckert, Owen K. Earl, Ruby Goodson, Lillian Reener, Earl H.

linen room, and additional dressing Fourth row: Walter G. Lindsay, Willard Bruderer, Leonard Ure, Reid F, Ellsworth, T. C. Gronning, Kenneth

rooms will occupy the main floor. The W. Foote,Fifth Sterlingrow; RobertA. Johnson,W. Hansen,Elwin Boice.B. Lucian Jones, Eugene Newman, Don W. Zundell, Lloyd Roberts, Foy

second floor will contain the ordinance Poulson, Norman Price, G. Woodrow Wilson.

rooms. Plans include a tower to rise W. D.SixthBums.row: B. Wayne Matkin, Robert W. English, Elizabeth M. Williams, Howard Brinton, Ralph Thompson,

some 1 24 feet above the ground. Seventh row: Ray H. Rose, F. Wayne Graham.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

NEW STOREHOUSE TO SERVE three witnesses to the Book of Mormon, April 30, 1939

CACHE VALLEY STAKES called to mind the Tabernacle meeting Plans to build a $50,000 chapel and

Pending remodeling, the buildings of hadin 1870beenat estrangedwhich his grandfather,from the Churchwho recreationand a similarhall unitfor theat Twelfththe sameWardcost the New Jersey Academy at Logan for many years, bore testimony to the for the Thirteenth Ward, Ensign will house a community storehouse, divinity of the book. "I was only eight Stake, have been announced. Both

unit in the Church Welfare Program, years old at the time, but I will never wards were divided from the old to accommodate Cache, Logan, Hyrum, forget that day,"said Mr. Davis. "I TwelfthThirteenth Ward a year ago.

Benson, and Smithfield stakes. In adwent to the Tabernacle with grandThe old chapel has been razed. Condition to warehousing contributions father and heard him bear his testimony. struction will begin this summer.

will buildings the stakes, thesefrom After the meeting hours us it took two Jordan JorWard, The West West Societies Relief utilized thealso be by to get because so home, people many Stake, reorganized with dan was Lawcenter. Bishop RayGeorgeas a work to talk him."with wanted succeeding rence T. as bishop, Dahl has the of Seventh Logan Wardmond

been named chairman and Bishop WilSUDDEN INTEREST IN Virgil Goates.

liam Evans, Jr., Logan Third Ward, "MORMON DERRICK"May 7, 1939. directors Storehousevicechairman.

include Bishops Edwin Clawson, Eras- A LETTER sent to the Church HistorBenjamin Lillywhite, 95, oldest resitus Johnson, and Merlin T. Van Orden, ian's Office by the bureau of agrident of Box Elder county, died at his

representing the participating stakes. cultural engineering of the United home in Brigham City. Born in EngStates Department of Agriculture land, he crossed the plains with one of

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA hayseeksderrickthe namecommonof theto inventorUtah. Elseof a theof thehandcartGreenvillecompanies.WardHe forwas severalbishop

CEMETERY TO BE DEDICATED where often referred to as "the Moryears.

it is wanted for a circular soon to be Driggs, Idaho, was dedicated by Presi-/Completion L. D. S. divisionof Mountof RoseCumorah,Hills mon derrick,"an authentic history of The Teton Valley Hospital at

Memorial Park, Whittier, California, published on the history and developdent Heber J. Grant before 2,000 resiwill be observed in formal dedicatory ment of haying machinery. In use for dents of the area.

services to be held at the cemetery Sunover half a century, it was apparently first at 25,day, 2:30 p. m. June READY MAKES made and used by Pioneers in CUMORAH Utah. interest to of Church program A SPECTACLE FOR ANNUAL Tentative arranged. has beenmembers

plans call for a dedicatory address by MARKERS RISE ON UTAH 'T'he annual Cumorah Conference of

Everard L. McMurrin, and short adHISTORICAL SITES the Eastern States mission has been

dresses by five stake presidents are "Dy order of the State Road Comadvanced to July 21, 22, and 23, in also scheduled. The dedicatory prayer mission, 37 attractive markers are order to enable visitors to attend

will be offered by President L. J. Muir being erected at points of historical both the conference and Utah Day at

of Los Angeles Stake. An official of significance along eight Utah highthe New York World's Fair on July

Rose Hills Cemetery will welcome ways. Where Indian battles raged, 24, a date usually included in the CuChurch members to Mount Cumorah where treaties were concluded, and morah celebration.

in a brief address. where important industries were pioThe village of Palmyra in western

neered, appropriate monuments are New York, known as the "Birthplace

CHURCH RECEIVES being built. John D. Giles, executive of Mormonism,"for years has been a

HISTORICAL FILM secretary of the Utah Pioneer Trails mecca for interested travelers from all the of parts country abroad, and from is Association and preparLandmarks film of of the Miracle COPY "The A pageant, "America's for Witness A ing for signs. the Information copy Salt a Lake,"MetroGoldwyn- will Christ,"the presented evenings be will accurate be complete apand and in short subject shownMayer many in 21 of at amphitheater and 22 an July in letters pear signs carved on woodencountries, to the Church added was Hill the of the base Last Cumorah. five feet feet eight inches nine high andhistorical recently. archives preThe year than 12,000 throngpersons more pillars, to long be hung between twosentation President to was Grant made to the countryside enjoy the speced built five feet of four stone, natural by Saltby Gardner, Samuel manager Lake tacle, are preparations being and made rising at the feet eight base and from for the dramatization company. The to larger even accommodate numbers the ground. ofdepicts the Salt City founding Lake Brilliant this lighting, year. colorful

of the the Pioneers and the comingby stages, costumes, elevated powerand 22, 1939 cricketseagulls of April invasion during the ful amplifiers assure a finished producLuis Senor Guinea, Belgium Ortiz de 1848. tion. at consul Rosario, Argentina, accomall will sessions Conference be held Julio Dr. E. Mrs. and by NaBRIGHAM three at the in the days Sacred Grove YOUNG SUBJECT paniedvarro, long stopped enough on TempleFOR FILM PRODUCTION Smith Farm. Joseph the several Square to play numbers on

TV BIOGRAPHICAL motion picture engreat organ following the regular noon 'titled Brigham Young will be one recital, and to call at the Church offices UNION PACIFIC ANNIVERSARY of the important 19391940 producfor a brief interview with President RECALLS UTAH EPISODE tions the of Twentieth CenturyFox is fiscal Grant. controller Dr. Navarro the seventieth anni- /'CommemoratingFilm Corporation it has been announced for the Argentine government.

of versary the of completion the for director the Ford,by a comJohn April 23, 1939 transcontinental railroad at Promonpany. Information the from Church

chapel the of special The train Utah, a Alamo new from HollyWard, tory, willrecords insure studied to acbe curacy of detail and proper perspective. Moapaident HeberStake,J. Grantwas dedicatedat special byservices,Preswood25. came to Salt Lake City on April

bishop, Clyde Wagenen, and President L. Van Heber in company J. Grant, HARRISMARTIN TESTIMONY Fred Glass, Kunibert Huefner and O. President Clark, with Jr., was J. ReubenRECALLED BY GRANDSON counselors, succeeded Bishop G. join Leo to of a party one Cecil producer

A VISITOR at the recent general conThayne and his counselors, William De Mille and William M. Jeffers, presi-B.

"ference, Walter Harris Davis of Knight and Leland G. Larson, as the dent of the Union Pacific Company, at

Lovelock, Nevada, 77, oldest living new bishopric of the Ninth Ward, LibStockton.

grandson of Martin Harris, one of the ert'c Stake. {Confirmed on page 362)

helping I been selected had MOTHER'S STANDING BY her—a brief, The Book Rack interesting history written of our state,

By Lucia Mallory by one of the teachers in our local high {Coniinued from page 350) might think, in this day of school. Lisbeth's good. The efForts of the three toONEenhghtened parenthood, with "I'm sure I can find some pictures to make their livelihood, and the outcome

books and magazines and newspass around the room while I'm giving make this novel enjoyably, easily read.papers fairly bulging with helpful army report,"Mary Lou confided.—M. C. /.

ticles on the care and guidance of "Mother keeps old magazines for us THE COUNTRY BUNNY picrainy the cut out days on wechildren, that mother no would make and Illustrated Heyward, (Du Bose by files like tures away. them and she wethe mistake of doing her child's all of Flack, Mifflin Marjorie Houghtonwork for him. Yet that is what countWe have children and animals and Company. Boston, 1939. $1.50.)

ships and and and automobiles,less mothers who come to the library houses things. ever so I'm sure there manyare doing. FOR ANY time of the year, this little story

five of the will Easter Bunnies bring will be some stage coaches in the travel Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Shepherd great children's hearts. to joy Grownups file."

son, in with her tenyear-old willcame equally delighted for at the be zest

Robert. The boy ran eagerly to a shelf "Mary Lou's mother is standing by,"work with which Mr. Heyward, who is

of travel books. "See, Mother,"he I thought, as the little girl skipped home essentially a poet, endows each member of

the of family very large the chilfinish country to bunny. report, her her "not doing forgetting forexclaimed, the a moment

truly the possesses mother The admirable dren's for helping them, but them work islibrary silence, "this rule of book qualities of swiftness, kindness, wisdom, it to for themselves."do I It tells all want. aboutjust what and bravery.

all "I like that!"mothers wish wereAfrica!"is story beautifully not only The

Mrs. Shepherd shook her head, {Issued by the National Kindergarten is also exquisitely illustrated. To seetold,Theit

is to Association.) Country dein Bunny stage she"No, son,"a answered it—and to

termine that it must /. be C. for "thatwhisper, child is too big loveobtained.-—M. a book

of your age. It would have too many

TOLD UNDER THE MAGICdetails. find something must We UMBRELLAshorter for report."simpler your and

fanciful story anthology of modern (A rejected exshe without The book like to surprise should you How selected children stories for by young of large sizeamination only bewas this delectfamily serving the by Associof the Literature the Committee—copiescause it wasof photographsfilled with finemadeillustrationsby the ableShrimpmeal:Salad Deluxe. ationtrated forby ChildhoodElizabeth Education.Orton Jones,Illusauthor, a noted explorer. I had often Cheese Biscuits. Macmillan Company, New York, 1939.

seen Robert looking through it while Deviled Eggs. 243 pages. $2.00.)

Bavarian Cream. Opera table, sat for at waiting reading thehe affection the merits same volume Strawberries. Dipped THIShis to selection a of mother books make other the have books Umbrella which

fair the calories counting No infor herself adult of section the the this collection readers. In for young won

either, eating, are or else while you storieslibrary. introduced are reluctantly turned from of loved modern He

to prewon't the heart you have Flack, familiar as Marjorie such namesthe that loved he and book knew these to pare mealsl sogood FyleLenski, Brink, Lois Rose Ryrie Carol in half hour's involved a conbecome troversy, during which his mother skimman, Christopher Morley, David Starr Jormed through a dozen volumes, finally carrying home the dullest book in the lot.

As the boy followed her listlessly disA, Mij baipL 9 ivanL miffrom the room, I knew that this fifth Golden grader's geography report would be compiled by his mother. Robert had

lost all interest in Africa. Glory

If Mrs. Shepherd had stayed until

Mary Lou Campbell came into the library a few minutes later, she mighthave seen how much more wisely anMilk situsimilarother a handled mother huskier Little huskies growation. are afterbath appetites when

the books I look through "May rich, pure, on satisfied with state history?"Mary Lou asked, her heahhful Golden Glory Milk.

brown eyes alight with interest. "I'm A food for both young and

to give an oral report at school on old. Get it at your grocers

'Stage Coach Days.'Mother and I or telephone Hy. 15 for home

talked it over at noon and decided I'd delivery.

better go down to look at the old stage coach in the museum at the statehouse Salt Lake Milk first, and then come here to learn more Producers'Assn.

about it."Mary Lou went to seek the inforGolden Glory Milk will be used

School I. A. in the Cooking M. she neededmation as I nodded my conAt June 15. Wells Ward, to Insent. short time she returned a

check out the very book I would have

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

dan, Margery Bianco, Carl Sandburg, and many others. This collection should receive a warm welcome. Listen to a few oh, so few—of the titles and see how inSWWWWf f9

viting they are: "Ask Mr. Bear,""Two

Little Shoes,""The Song of the Little

Donkey,""Gooseberry Garden."rvTjHi

Don't they make you want to own the book?—M. C. /.

ADVENTURING IN NATURE MODERN (Betty Price, Illustrated, National -—(ifRl-l:/'Recreation Association, New York OVEN

City, 1939. 88 pages. $.60.)

in the included the material to addition IN eight pages there are of the book, body which provide general and specific helps for leaders. Appendix C for instance gives a

"Chart of Seasonal Activities"of the various outdoor interests during the four seasons of the year; Appendix D outlines in

detail an "Eight Week Summer Nature

Program for Playground or Community

Center."The book is especially helpful in its completeness of suggestions. The chapter headings include such enticing titles as these:

"Nature Trails;""Explorations—And How

to Record Them;""Collections and Museum

Workshops;""Nature in Arts and Handcrafts;""Nature in Drama, Music, and

dther Activities;""Birds, Insects, and Anthe Sky Beneath and Earth imals;""The is How chapters of most the end Above."At

pamphlets of and books a listappended—howproudfamilyyou'llandbe guestsof all yourwill bakingpraiseI"for additional help. This is the kind of your skill—when you use Globe "A

of every in the hands should that be that flour cause cannotbook a Flour—the

Scout, leader; her Boy Girl and BeeHive ovens baking failure! Newtype and

for conleaders their troopExplorer, and fast shortenings creaming newtype use. /. stant C. M.

work perfectly with Globe "Al"Flour.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY To be SURE of best results, INSIST on (Zhenya Gay and Pachita Crespi, The Globe "Al."

Viking Press, New York, 1939. $L00.)

PICTURE book for the very young is to to introduce a joy to findA always is Birthday in reading.beginners Happy

the kind of book that will bring a smile to even the grimmest lips and much laughter to young lips. M. C. J.

THE FOUR AND LENA (Marie Barringer, illustrated by Maud and Miska Petersham, Doubleday

Doran and Company, New York, 1938.

216 pages. $2.00.)

ilWHENlustrateMauda book,and Miskayou canPetershambe sure that—andthe bookold-—readers.will prove fascinatingWhen youto addits youngto theillustrations a story like that of Marie BarFor Thrifty, Nutritious Meals

ringer's, you know that you have one of the best of current books. The four are

Anneliese, Hansel, Lottchen, and Friedl, and Lena is the plump white goose that all children up to twelve will adore. The

story deals with their trip to their uncle's farm in the Black Forest. The friendliness

of the farm people and animals and the experiences of the four will prove welcome reading. M, C. J.

SOLITA (Grace Moon, illustrated, Doubleday

Doran and Company, New York, 1938.

235 pages. $2.00.)

EIGHTYEAR-OLD Solita lived in old Mexico on an impoverished ranch. Her

mother and father had died, hence the name,

Solita, which means "Little Alone One."

When her aunt and her uncle came for her, a whole new world of adventure opened to her. But it ended right backwhere it began, at the hacienda which she SPAGHETTI

had made happy again. M. C. J.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

THE NEW PRIESTHOOD edek Priesthood Committee has not energetic, resourceful leadership may

PLAN been functioning according to expecbe made into very helpful institutions /UR memories are short and unrctations. for training effective leadership for the

liable. To keep things clearly in In the first place, the nature and purPriesthood groups and quorums. It is

mind, human experience finds it necespose of this meeting seem not to be not too much to say that these meetings sary to review them more or less freclearly understood in some stakes, so are the key to successful activity of quently. There are perhaps but few the meetings that we visualized have Priesthood quorums. Let every stake

Priesthood and quorum officers who really not been held. Yes, Priesthood committee do everything feasible to

will clearly remember what The Im-'Union meetings have been held, but not have these meetings held regularly and provement Era published in December, meetings of the type we had in mind attended by all officers and leaders of 1937, page 768, under the heading,—meetings of the Stake Melchizedek Priesthood groups and quorums. They

"The New Priesthood Plan."But there Priesthood Committee with only the should be held at a time most conis no officer who would not find it very officers and leaders of the quorums and venient for those who are expected to

helpful to have in mind the things quorum groups. The meeting recomattend.

discussed in that article. Hence it is mended to be held monthly was a meetThe above outline is suggestive. It

strongly advised that all stake coming of officers and leaders only, not quomay be changed in any way that will mittees and quorum officers make a rum meetings. improve it. For instance, if the general

careful review of what was printed The Stake Sunday School meeting meeting is too large, the presentation of under the above heading. was pointed to as somewhat of a model class work may take place in each deIn paragraphs 5 and 9 of that arfor this union meeting of Priesthood partment, instead of the general asticle stake committees may find an outofficers and leaders. The purpose of sembly. But since all are studying the

line of how they are to organize and this meeting is primarily to train these same lessons, there are advantages in function. Quorum officers will find leaders in their duties, just as the purhaving them discussed in the general

paragraphs 6, 7, 8, 11 of special inpose of the Sunday School Union meetmeeting rather than in departments, terest to them. Paragraph 11 outlines ing is to train the officers and teachers except that certain details may be con-

a program for successful monthly quoin effective ways of discharging their sidered in the departments. Experience

rum meetings. This will apply particuduties. will teach which way is best.

is following a brief outline Thelarly to all quorums that cover two picPRIESTHOOD COMMITTEES meeting ture of quorum of a monthly wards.or more

Issues of The Improvement Era for leaders with the stake committee: "pOR THE information and guidance of

January, February, March, April, 1. All meet together, chairman of Stake officers and others concerned we

May, etc., 1938, carry Melchizedek Melchizedek Committee presiding. reprint here some lines of what was

Priesthood Department material that a. Opening song. published in the Priesthood Manual A

likewise is very helpful to all officers. b. Prayer. Handbook for Quorums of the Melofficers call roll of stake c. Standing 1933. This Priesthood, chizedek it officers to better these ask thinkWe represenof members; committee and print, of out but a more Manual is now this print to material thanto reread

etc. tatives of each quorum, relative to comprehensive volume all it again. Certainly quorum new of- d. or others, of committees, on Reports

in will matters published Priesthood be these sugficers will to glad have be all to the interest of quorums, matters gestions. They want to be informed on including Melchizedek Priesthood the fall for use in Priesthood classes

their duties and acceptable procedures. matters in the current issue of The during 1940.

In a sense these articles will serve as Improvement Era. From pp. 45, 47, 48:

a handbook of necessary information e. Announcements of interest to all, The general Priesthood plan provides for

for the successful management of and a brief discussion of matters of the appointment of a committee of quorum all. interest to for division of activity. each That members quorums.Priesthood

of discussion to 25'-minute 15 how is, following four standing the committees in f. A articles the that point out Era We for the lessons the to present weekly appointed: should be furnish imPriesthood Departmentthe preled month, someone by coming 1. Personal Welfare. considthat should material beportant this. to appointed viously do 2. Instruction. Class

ered in the monthly meetings of the 2. Separation into three departments or 3. Church Service.Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Comorders of Priesthood—High Priests, 4. Miscellaneous Activities.

mittee with the quorum officers. The Seventies, and Elders. Each departEach committee should consist of sevPriesthood Department of each issue ment is presided over and led by a memeral members, the number, of course, being

assigned stake committee ber to dependent upon the size of the quorum or carefully examshould beof the Era this Seventies a member by group. ofduty—thethe find if there are toined each month (the of the presidency stake chairman

suggestions and material suitable for of the stake committee) or by a SevSPECIFIC DUTIES OF STANDING consideration at meetings of stake enty who is a member of the stake COMMITTEES

Priesthood Committees and quorum ofcommittee. Personal Welfare

the will ficers. of business of be General each department AuMessages The It is welfare of the personal the duty

their of of a reports consideration groups relative to Priesthood thorities work the to acquainted with committee become all of projects other matquorums, and and in field nearly every the sent to are attitude of character members quorum and ters to that especially the pertain groups All Era. issue of Improvement the far to relate The advancement as these so

of of the the Priesthood deand quorums

It is officers ideals. the prerogative of not committees stake quorum and quorum

their Priests special partment. have High

this into inquire private to of committee articles. in these find will help needed etc. projects, the problems, Sevdo So individual the only matters concern which

enties Elders. and himself. member OFFICERS OF MEETINGUNION its is dismissed department from Each in hand: should committee have The

it its in finished busithat meeting has believe to when\1 reasons own Te HAVE list 1. or of group complete quorum A ness. the stakes Union monthly some members.

meeting of Priesthood quorum officers These monthly meetings of officers 2. The number who keep the Word of

and leaders with the Stake Melchizunder the direction of wellprepared and Wisdom.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 9 3 9

3. tithepayers. are number The cial who figures, less drinks liquor Utah per distribution reading of and the three

4. are nontithepayers. number The who capita than state other any of west the booklets to successful a conclusion not 5. of unemployed. number The River. Missouri later early than June. 6. of those names render The can who President figures Thus Clark's Next, demkindly the complete good work service to the to the and quorum

Church. onstrated that President Grant has by promptly sending in full reports tO'

7. The names of those who are incabeen absolutely right in his contention reach headquarters during June.

pacitated to render service. that if our people would keep the Thanks.

8. The names of those who are unable to Word of Wisdom the savings effected

attend meeting, but who could do so would make us financially prosperous.

if furnished somebody automobile pointed out in the Era, March p. We PROJECTS QUORUM service. 165, that official to according figures

should committee 9. The memhow know in spent legally for Utah 1938 sold bers their missions on foreign and famIS YOUR WHAT liquor cigarettes the and great of sum ilies are faring. 10. Under assignment of the quorum presi- $10,571,144.70. To these figures PresQUORUM DOING?

Clark estimated leader, the dency or the group added amounts comident mittee should contact cigars, paid for tea, make personal coffee, bootleg A TEST OF FAITH with every quorum member, commendliquor, etc., and he found a total sum HPhe following brief article by Brother

ing the active, giving strength to the so big that it shocked his listeners. Lewis A. Goodwin, president of the

discouraged, desire awakening renewed is Surely, brethren, we slothful. among the indifferent and follow leaders. our Wearehavewillingalwaysto anotherGrover proofBranchthatintheWayneLord helpsStake,those

Church Activity expressed a willingness to do so. Let who have faith and worthily help themIt is the duty of the Church activity comus now make our actions support our selves:

mittee: professions. Let us show to President At a special stake Priesthood meeting

held ago, Brother a year about John Tay- 1. at roster of a complete keep hand that Grant To this carried have we camlor called to testimony, bear upon me my or group quorum members. paign to every throughMormon home at special the which the request of stake 2. each what is doing know member To all out the stakes of and Zion. wards I it president writing, that strengthmay am in capacity. a Church is If this sincerely, tactfully, done and others. testimonies en of 3. to the report the presidency quorum To completely, there will spiritual a be oldest in ten are children Mythe of to are those attending names son—there no who Church duty. awakening in the Church that will gladthe family—was called on a mission. For

4. To study adaptation of each to any den our venerable and beloved Presmany years a mission had been his main

particular Church activity. ident. objective and he at once responded to the

call. call, after Shortly the received he 5. personally acquainted with become Yes, during recent To the weeks camthat for every expected avenue finances was their inclinations as regards members, paign has gone forward with great close. to seemed delinquent were We desires. and strides. five dollars about to the hundred Federal 6. least at note, quarterly, average To

it test. hard found Land and a Bank How at: of tendance each member atREPORTS ON THE CAMPAIGN the to alive, family kept debts to was be be a. meeting. Monthly quorum recent "P\URING different weeks paid, two to sent son a mission? a and be on b. meeting. Sacrament

c. Quarterly conference. report forms for use in the camHowever, our faith didn't waver. The day

d. Gospel Doctrine class. paign have been sent to the field. The before my son was to leave, an agent of

the said, Federal "I Bank and hear came first e. I. a that was form Y. can be A. M. M.

is I going son mission?"your a on When 7. the note did attend not number used To any orwho by quorum, generalgroup—ward, surly said, answered he "Yes,"and became (a) or in a three meeting group quorum ganization, etc. other is the "SecThe all "If his is finance that he can way, own (b) in months; a Sacrament meeting Quarterly ond to Report"form be if it, well but to good, and have he do you three months. used Priesthood Melchizedek by groups will to will have home; probably come you 8. report: to able be To

It is lose and quorums. the better regular home. your quarchange had You a. inactive of inage, because Number

the about your mission the mind terly and report pay callform with questions firmity, sickness. or

debt."that left with conviction a firm He for a report many members on how b. inactive because of absence ing Number

ruin me. would upon come read have the three booklets ward. from used in only

said, "I gone, had he son my When c. inactive of account on octhe Number campaign. general sent form The didn't things in such a were bad know cupation. first out need not be used any by Mel- I will condition. write President and Grant d. willing to labor but unasNumber chizedek Priesthood quorum. The I release the ask a and use have $100 signed.

if quarterly second fully report, to start to made offer saved debts."This on pay e. to refuse service. render Number who out, I will satisfy I told consider. the to not would needs of go him the Gen- f. to serve. unworthy Number

if mission, the the and, ahead with Lord eral this Campaign Committee on matter. willed it so, things would come out all

if right, lost his our and and home we offiBut that urge quorum may we ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO it in unfinished mission the be would was leaders offiof groups, campaign all service "I of the Lord. with know my COLUMN cers,cers, all committees, reothers and heart the soul to and wants Lord you go

sponsible for the success of the camand He will provide."

THE CAMPAIGN GOES paign, take an interest in bringing the { Concluded on page 368

FORWARD TThe last few weeks have witnessed Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study for June, 1939 most gratifying activities in the campaign for the nonuse of liquor and Text: Priesthood and Church Welfare.

tobacco. President Clark's address at

the April Conference, showing the vast LESSON XVI II. Distinguishing features of the Law of

sums that were paid in Utah during The Law of Consecration Consecration violation of1938 in of Wisthe Word to the great impetus cam- {Chapter IS) b.a. GivenAn idealisticby divinesystemrevelationbased on undom, gave

establish selfishness. to I. Early attempts a new the inpaign. that small out pointed He

social order to c. Property the deeded Church in550,000 havingstate of about Utah, a. Consecration and stewardship bishop with as agent

in forhabitants, spent 1938 more was period d. Individual 1. Ohio assigned stewardship a

coffee, liquor,tea, than tobacco and 2. Missouri period of property manager—becomes

relief including load, publicfor the e. the b. United Surplus above Order own needs

W. P. A. And yet, according to offi- 1. Utah period over to the Church turned

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

f. particiremains a unit; Family L. D. S. MISSIONS STAKE REPORT OF THE MONTHLY

life of in productive pates comCouncil Twelve Apostles to The The First Council of Seventy of the Made by munity For the Month of March. 1939

g. Assignments given according to

March ACTIVITIES March MISSIONARY ability 1938 1939 h. 8,693 work.- 9,855 Individual initiative preserved 1. Number of times out doing missionary

III. Distinguishing features of the United 2. Hours spent in missionary work 21,962 19,672

16,089 first time 7,170 3. of for the homes entered Number Order

.- 5,644 to return 7,603 invitations of Number a. Modification of stewardship plan 4. 6,265 5,635 revisit. 5. of Number

b. All property deeded to United 6. Number of Gospel conversations - 22,594 15,926

Order corporation 7. Number of standard Church works distributed:

Sold Loaned lived c. Participants 20 Bible of 38 the as one family, Copies

stewardships not individual 171 194 the Copies of Book of Mormon d. Community property managed by Copies of the Doctrine and Covenants 16 25

Price of the Great of Pearl Copies leaders chosen 809 sold) 528 (loaned and TOTAL e. daily assigned Work 467. + 32 (not classified)- 14 17 435 distributed other books of

f. 17,814 22,938 distributed tracts of and pamphlets No individual holdings, no indi- 9.8. NumberNumber

264 333 10. hall missionaries held meetings of by Number vidual family opmanagement, no

932 1,146 missionaries. 11. held of cottage meetings by Number units erated 2,639 hall meetings 2,721 attended 12. missionaries cottage and of who Number operation degrees of g. Varying 3,973 3,833 hall investigators meetings 13. cottage present at and of Number

1. In the cities 14. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work:

2. Case of Brigham Young (1)(2) OfOf peoplepeople overunder15 15yearsyearsof ofageage: 106

IV. Why the system did not flourish a. Both of whose parents are members. - 69

55 of age b. years under 15 a. poor Too many new

175 230 OthersTOTAL b. afraid to risk initiative Wellto-do

stake inactive of of the 15. Church brought into activity through members Number capacity productive and 427 444 service the during missionary month

c. 122 imperfections Individual

119—127123 d. Pressure from the outside—the esNumberNumber ofof stakesstake missionsin the Churchorganized

tablished economic system MISSIONARIES

V. Review of important principles Number of stakes reporting --. 98 104

a. Stewardship Number of districts 380 376

250 277 Elders people united on a 1. Dependent 1,385 1.282 Seventies uncompletely in purpose and 299 242 High Priests

selfish Women 365 306 2. initiative Preserves

2,238 2,167 TOTAL in 3. Freedom 697 requirement the missionaries minimum making of development of inNumber

talents dividual 842 requirement less missionaries than minimum making of Number 4. Responsibility and trust in manNumber of inactive missionaries

agement Number not classified '"5. No great inequalities in living TOTAL (agrees with total above) 2.167

standards 6. Voluntary as opposed to prestaxation ent by compulsion oilshale of Fertilizer c. byproduct a trade can c. Agriculture augbe and

b. United Order extraction mented by manufactures isolated to 1. Suited communities cheaper wait d. on must indusDevelopment beetsugar and 1. Canning 2. conditions emergency Under extraction of method tries

for plan security a economic minerals radioactive of Deposits VI. 2. manufacture goods Woolen

is selfsufficiency imporwhen in County VII. Helium Emery of 3. lowgrade Concentration

tant. deposits Salt VIII. ores

LESSON XVII VI. Man must be able to adjust to chang- a. Commercial uses

b. Table product conditionsInventorying Our Natural Resources ing

rock deposits of phosphate in a variety of occupaIX. Unequaled a. Security(Chapter 17)

tions a. Use for fertilizer

I. Three sources at man's disposal b. Clean living a protection b. Value in case of scarcity else- a. Natural resources—the free gifts c. Idleness to be avoided where

of nature VII. The obligation upon man of wisely X. Potash resources, a potentiality b. Manmade resources—tools, instiusing his abundant resources XI. Enough sulphur for a considerable

tutions, systems, products industry c. Native materials energy—skill, intelligence, LESSON XVIII XII. Building

applied and strength for plaster, casts, frescoes a. Gypsum

II. What nature provides For the Strength of the Hills b. Limestone, quartzite, marble

a. Without effort on man's part (Chapter 18) c. Clay for brick and tile, marl for

1. live to earth as place a The cement treasurehouse mountains a I. The 2. and Air water well d. and Sand gravel—enormous, II. mineral of wealth Significance Utah's 3. the Sunshine, manufacturer high qualdistributed, uniformly

a. onethird state the with Supplies b. industry man's With ity ancient deposits of Lake beach

its labor income of and 1. the earth""Things above Bonneville

capital, but b. outside Developed by useful vegetation e. quarries Granite

benefits direct 2. the earth""Things underneath

related Gilsonite bitumens XIII. and c. as to Salt comContribution Lake wealth—mineral a. varnishes For center mercial afford the valleys III. What b. Waterproofing compounds III. iron reserve ore future of A a. soils for cropraising Deep

c. material Insulating

b. resources coal for IV. grazing land Vast Nonarable

in the mines Labor afford a. Onesixth of Utah underlain with XIV, the mountains IV. What

a. to Subject coal beds slack periods—unemwater supply a. Reliable

ployment materials b. Building b. Commercial exploitation—some b. Industry needs stabilizing life waste e. Wild

d. Recreational facilities c. Possibility and desirability of byXV. A blessing and an obligation

e. Mineral Resources products a. The intermountain country potentially products use- V. Oil, oil shale, and attendant indusinto more raw V. Tvirning rich—promise of future detries velopment ful materials or forms more significant

a. In proportion to developed re- a. Refineries b. Careful, conservative use—a duty

sources, local population dense b. Potential supply of petroleum to posterity

b. Possibilities for handicraft and double that taken from earth in c. Productive use, not hoarding, the

home industries should be studied U. S. since 1859 intelligent way

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Shelley - 83 North Davis 75 reputation, and personality. I might

the of work the amount also say, thatHANDBOOK READY PasadenaOneida 8080 TaylorUtah 7575 the determines in his quorum boy does 75 Pioneer 80 Woodruff Priesthood Handbook, Aaronic'T'he the will of do in he work amount 74.80 Oquirrh Salt Lake the with for all concerned "* a guide up. he grows Church when...79 73 Big Horn Cache Aaronic of supervisionleadership and that experiences have Deacons The 73 79 Cottonwood Oakland the throughoutPriesthood work greatly, on if they go will aid them 73.79 Gunnison Bear Lake

Church, has been issued by the PresidMorgan...78 North Weber....75 missions, or in their future life. One

ing Bishopric. The publication is the Mount Ogden—.78 Benson 72 also gains great joy from taking part

first complete compilation of the history, Sacramento 78 Hyrum 72 in Aaronic Priesthood work. It seems

development, and functions of the Timpanogos 78 Phoenix 72 whenever a person obeys the Will of 72 Uintah 11 South Davis its operation Priesthood andAaronic is spirit of Ghost the Holy the God 72 Gridley Id Weber Its preparationin today. the Church is inspired is that he him, and with why...76 71 Alpine Wells of for number under ahas been way things. greater to accomplish 71 Franklin 75 Burleymonths. Deacon's the enters boy a 71...75 When Smithfield Grant

in the handincluded Subject matter is he is age at the when he...75 70 quorum Teton Hollywood

book includes an introduction dealing Kanab 75 Oahu 70 likely to be tempted by cigarets and particularly with reasons for, and inMalad...75 San Francisco..70 drink and other vices which are so

Restorawith, the connectedstances but today, of the youth to AARONIC the ADULT Priesthood,tion the of Aaronic be PRIESTHOOD destructiveif and will take an interest the boy RATINGS IMPROVE the Priesthood, the of PowerHistory will he in his Priesthood work active of the Priesthood, Requirements of the VToTABLE improvements in Adult not be likely to go wrong.

Aaronic Priesthood, the Lesser PriestAaronic Priesthood activities are The Deacon gains high ideals, upon hood in Ancient Times, the Aaronic indicated in the tabulations of annual which he builds his every day actions.

Priesthood in Modern Times, Duties reports for 1938 by the Presiding If he is active, he has a hunger for a of the Various Officers of Priesthood, Bishop's Office. Leading stakes in total knowledge of the Gospel, which will

Modern Revelation on Priesthood, inratings based upon all stake and ward urge him to greater heights.

all of the references practicallycluding activities are: adult but words, exact recall the not I do

to thein Covenants and the Doctrine the said, boy Phoenix.....43 Salt 70 has "Show me Lake some man

to Ordination and Priesthood,Aaronic I 43 Liberty 67 Weber and of 12 20 and age the between includPriesthood, in the....42advancement 66 Highland South Davis life will be."later his tell will what you be to for preparing..39 plan boys theing Bernardino 65 San Oahu in life taught are essentials of The 39 office Snowflake Alberta 62 of Stake Deacon, to theordained has meetings. Deacon The Priesthood

.....60 37 Pocatello Hollywood for SuSupervision, Helpsand Ward if taken which, opportunities wonderful.....37 Smithfield 56 Grant in helps includespervisors, which a of, more to bring will him advantage....56 37 Teton Francisco San the of Aaronic RestorationTeaching, Gospel the of....36 understanding perfect 51 Angeles Los Hyrum of thePriesthood, Wisdom, Word Falls..36 here on its Idaho men 49 workings Pasadena No. among and Results the ApplicationPractical and Luis 36 possibilities 49 Uintah San all the earth. have We of aof the NonMor- Wisdom, Word 36 46 Timpanogos Granite must to so do gods, and of we becoming of the of Wisdom,mon's View Word 33 Malad 46 Oakland opportunity of every advantage take Habit, the for Cigaret Shelley 33 Curing Recipe Burley 44a us. before comes which.....44 32 Maricopa for Chicago a Faith Articles Plan of withthe in his participates Deacon who The 32 44 Lake York Moon New the Them,Memorizing CommandTen to himself helping will be work quorum 32 Oquirrh 44 Wells the Sacrament, Tithingments, and The his It will develop Godlike. more be 43 Oneida inLord's Supper, the ofSacrament friendship, learn will responsibility; he this for instructions performingcluding THE OF DEACON'S VIEW A the in to work cooperation, and how Fraternal Social the ordinance, and PRIESTHOOD AARONIC great Church. fields this of various Fundamentals, Public AddressProgram, Johnson, Robert By M. I a like read to closing In would in talks five for minute SacPreparing Salt Stake Lake brother Marden, composed by my poem the on Meeting, Lesson Genarament values give the to begin T MisTahitian in many is the laboring CANNOT who the the eral Church, of Authorities

for the is participating from in sion. that gained are a thought This New from Bishopric of the Church Presiding

time. I will so applied any mention a few be great work, can Year but of imthis the beginning, a Chronology

portant events for the members of the that have been a great help to me. The work of God continues on

ALaronic Priesthood, Complete details The Deacons are supposed to have Day by day from dawn to dawn.,

it the at go; least at social a month, a everywhere once see we We Priesthood Extension the of Aaronic

below. earth above, In on heaven these boys. the of of one At home also the Aaronic of Plan, Adult and light that us give bodies In heavenly friendships lasting socials, gains one Plan. Priesthood night. each day, creation each of time From love built brotherly the are upon which Priesthood Aaronic handbook The flight, eternal in rolling this earth on And religion. of office is the of distributed being from height. greater to us a on Taking

trips educational taken have is Weour Bishopric. price Presiding the The fled softly has year another And now deto of us helped some have which cents copy. per ten led. life is the closed on our we book And

future Smith termine our work. Joseph flitting in as usual comes year new A

in OFHIGHLIGHTS tells THE that cannot saved us be we shall begin. another book we AndANNUAL REPORT ignorance; if o, those things that are Let's think things over as we start to write.

'T'op ranking stakes in total rating taught in Priesthood meetings are inLet's pray for strength, courage, and light.

based upon all stake and ward valuable to us, if we are to be saved. Because, what we think, do and say,

Aaronic Priesthood activities for 1938 In these meetings we gain the foundaIn our book will be written, day by day.

as indicated in the tabulations made by tion for our future life. I would be Thus years come and go, one by one,

the Presiding Bishop's Office are as right in saying that the Priesthood is And some day God's work will all be done follows a great builder—a builder of character. {Concluded on page 362)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

Aaronic Priesthood

{Concluded from page 361 THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW

Concerning us who dwell on earth,

Who keep struggling on through doubt and A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the dearth. Lord's Law of Health

So as time goes on each book becomes full;

Will we look on them with sorrow and woe.

Or present them to God at the end of the road sale alcoholic of income from derived CAMPAIGN with Knowing joy—We lifted and shoulEDUCATIONAL beverages. for Figures 1934 been have the load. dered BEGINS TO TELL in Christian Monitor. Science presented

THE CIGARET SPEAKS These figures do not include welfare

States of the records the United pROM other charity outside and Boston and {Submitted G. By Nathan Holman. figures Association Brewers'have difficult ascertain. costs to Among Berkeley, California ) indicate a decided been taken which lists chilto Zottoli these neglect Judge

T'm only just a cigaret, a tiny little thing, reduction in the consumption of ferdren, loss of position in industry, ac- * And yet the power I have o'er men is mented malt liquors. These are the cidents, increased automobile insurance,

mightier than a king. figures comparing the last three years: and fatalities.

I rule not with an iron hand; I boast no malt of fermented "The production

kingly claim. liquors in the calendar year 1938 B2 -SoJ3

Yet thousands found in every land pay barrels to 53,513,772 comamounted homage name. to my 58,1 with 18,495 barrels Cost to the State of g produced pared

houses of corand (Uxi 1937 56,054,988 barrels proJails and I have no court around my throne, no in rection 84 $1,233,485.19 1936."in duced armies drilled to fight; institutions.. State 49.9 penal 950,342.94

The secret of my power is known; 'tis in The following figures are also of inState and private asyappetite. man's 3,544,122.97 lums 25

subjectWhen Public welfare 4,810,000.00 in Boston 37 I would make a man, I test terest,tion of indicatingalcoholic beveragesa decline in consumphis vertebrae, dispensations Charitable

And, if he is too weak to stand, then I "Tax paid withdrawals amounted to in Greater Boston 1.260,000.00 36

have won the day. 51,360,341 barrels in 1938 as compared

in barrels 1937 and with 55,614,614 Total 1,797,95 1.10 $ 1

his I bend shoulders to a curve; I hollow in barrels Income in 1936. 1934 from 1938 52,942,739 The

his out chest; sale alcoholics of 2,428,483.15 $ less 7.6 percent than were I play upon his every nerve; let withdrawals I never

him rest. withdrawals in 1937 and 3 percent

I make a dim and bloodshot eye; I stain his less than in 1936."Fuzzybrained...

fingertips;

I make his lungs feel parched and dry; I A plainspoken letter addressed "to

spoil his shapely lips. FEDERAL COUNCIL APPROVES the drunken driver"and signed by 118

I neutralize his natural will; I blight his ALCOHOL RESEARCH doesbusinessmennot minceof words.Taylorsville, Illinois,

intellect; It in part: says thenAnd I do things him more take biennial of the the resolutions Tn still—I

his selfrespect. of of meeting the Federal Council "Brother, big you're shot not the you his I bend to shoulders a curve; I hollow

this sigat recently Buffalo are. Churches think just fuzzyYou're a you his out chest;

I play upon his every nerve; I never let nificant paragraph is noted: brained, liquoredup, obstinate ass with

him rest. On February 3, the American Association about as much right to drive an autopublic the mobile on as a highway public for the Science Advancement of made

the have."from the monkey that Association I leave a stench about his clothes, a foul press zoo would announcement

distasteful smell; the appointed a Council "Research on had

I have him where'er marked he goes, and deof Alcohol."Association Problem The

... tell. anyone can Guilty it that the clared of Women considered problem

his I rob of richest him failure dower, bring in foras alcohol ranking importance with of the Kreml Northwestern regret; Lt. F. M. and the researches sponsored Associamer by

Traffic University Institute see can that reports you what mighty power, aNow the tuberculosis, tion of cancer, problems on single cigaret! is drinking driving as and common leprosy, health. mental Federal and The—Author Unknown. Council hereby commends this action of among women as among men in prothe American Association for the Advanceportion to the number of female drivers

The Church Moves On mentnizing,ofasScienceit does,asthatmostthesignificant,alcohol problemrecogonHe thesaysroadtheat variouspeak agetimesforof drinkingthe day.

ranks in importance with such grave {Continued page probdrivers from 355) is from adds, to 30, "it 23 and cancer, tuberculosis lems as and public President Grant, is 82 a direcand now a selfevident is fact that alcohol a tor of the company, the health. perhaps was large cause of automobile accidents."

only person present who actually reThe Council further stated many of His findings have been presented to membered the "wedding of the rails."its constituent bodies had indicated the Highway Research Board in WashThe President also attended the prethat they regarded "the liquor trafiic ington.

miere celebration at Omaha, Nebraska. as an enemy of the aims and purposes

Speaking of the great railbuilding of the Christian Church."Brain Test Shows.., contest the between Union Pacific and

Central Pacific railroads, which culmiDr. Thomas A. Gonzales, chief medin driving nated the of the spike golden for examiner the City York, of New BOSTON JUDGE FINDS ical at at Promontory, the northern end that has the found 51 per of cent about of LIQUOR COSTLY Salt Great Lake, said: DeMille Mr.

traffic in drivers in accidents 1935, "Salt valley prize the great Lake was for which both railroads were racing JUDGE Joseph T. Zottoli of Boston's 1936, and 1937 had been drinking. Of

inmuscle—andthis thrillingsomecontestpolitics.of brawnUtah wasand alyzedmunicipalthe costcourt,of liquorhas recentlyconsumptionanthethantotal0.10number,per cent42 perof alcoholcent hadinmorethe

( Concluded on page 383 to the state, and compared it with the brain.

them reconciled to each other if possible.

He is to see that the liar is warned of his evil. also His duty is

evil "backbiting nor lji)aJuL JmckcJiL B, J939 no to seespeaking,"—sinsthat there is YOUR PART IN THETybi&MiCHURCH WELFARE PLAN that poison the stream of brotherly love,

undermine fraternal confidence, blacken inTT'he Church Welfare Plan, now more than three years old, is one of the nocent character and canker the souls of most important and farreaching movements in the Church. It is those who are guilty of such meddlesomethat ness. bids see things these him Duty itself. of the the principles Gospel Its fundamentals based upon were

exist. his office fact, requires In not

It is Smith. the identical taught and practiced based upon by Joseph evil to guard constantly against be prinshallhim on

ciples which have made possible the remarkable growth of our Church. among the members placed under his

There is a place in the Welfare Plan for every member of the Church. charge. He warns and rebukes the lawThere is a definite contribution each can make toward its success. breakers. He exhorts and entreats the negThe most important element in the Welfare Plan is the spirit behind ligent; he counsels and persuades in the

it. If all of the members of the Church would accept, without reservation, fear of the Lord, and in order that he may

condifully the spiritual understand more Plan, principle temporal spirit of the the Welfare the phases of our and jurisdiction, his tion of within the members for the disappear. or suffering would want There problem be no would in their required to visit homes. he is them

necessities of life. No one would be cold or hungry, no one who has been 4. Furthermore, it is his duty to see that

unfortunate would be embarrassed. In the past few years so many people the members of the Church "meet together

who once were prosperous have suffered reverses, and in the future so often,"to partake of the Sacrament and many others are likely to have the same experience, that the true spirit to be instructed and also to be an example of the Gospel should prevent even the slightest humiliation under any by meeting with them. And again, he is

all their to "that see duty"-—do members condition.

tithes their their that they and pay make

The Welfare Plan is the method adopted by the Church for meeting offerings; of the observe Wisdom; Word

these emergencies, for caring for those in distress and preventing privation refrain from speaking evil of the Priestand discouragement. hood; that they keep holy the Sabbath day;

A second element in the Welfare Plan is the principle of fraternalism that they do not steal, slander, quarrel, fight, cheat, nor do any immoral or unvirtuous sisters in Christ. are all brothers one or and brotherhood: We We are

thing. in cause. are great kind of working a common What family. We

brother is one who will turn away from those in want? Who will excuse OBSERVE THE SABBATH DAY

assistance, pretext? not Surely himself from rendering upon some one who VTouNG people, especially, should freChrist. in a brother of to be the Church comprehends what it means

called their attention quently have is for the of the plan accomplishing the purposes Plan Welfare One people of the to His to the Lord word of Plan. Contribution the Offering Deacons Fast and Welfare The

relain the of teachings the Church and the to call at are expected every on Fast Church Sunday home in Church to receive the Fast offerings and Welfare contributions of the Saints. Every tion to proper observance of the Sabso makmany people Day. With are donation blessed bath month. each should family some make Those who

pleasure and sport, a day of ing Sunday liberally; according give to their others circumshould with ample means

stances. with others continuing their work the

same as on other days, with still others

The minimum average contribution suggested is one dollar a year for engaging in fishing, hunting, resort parRealizing families family. that cannot of every every some member pay ties, trips, some etc., and even canyon

at all, those still others that can should that can pay none and much who activity of setting examples churches pay more. This minimum contribution should not cause any member to clearly in violation of the commandlose sight of the real obligation of Fast Day. That obligation is to refrain ments, our young people are likely to

the equivalent to the needy. If every meals and contribute from two in their thinking and confused become

of be there would meet this obligation the Church would squarely member their standards. misled in

sufficient to supply every present need. Latterday Saints should be leaders

of the world in observing both the letter and the spirit of the commandTEACHERS ARE cons, if occasion requires. But neither ment to make Sunday a day of rest,

to authority teachers bapnor deacons have religious devotion. of and worship MINISTERSSTANDING

the lay tize, administer or sacrament, on orin leaders the Church Parents and Lesser Priesthood and Notes{From exto are, warn, hands. however, They set as well examples should ganizations Government, byon Joseph Church all invite teach, exhort, pound, and and

B. Keeler.) to come unto Christ. (Doctrine and Coveas teaching proper observance. The-

'T'o BE "standing ministers"(Doctrine nants, Section 20:5359.) Lord has made His will known in lananaly- of study and for all to the purpose clear underFor guage enough Section 84: 111 Covenants, and

sis it will glorious over the to go be profitable also promised stand. He has minister to to be always readymeans

to the people according to appointment duties of the Teacher's calling more blessings for those who obey. It has

in blessdetail: that immediate emphasized been duties the according to and powersand

1. is to teacher's over duty watch "The of ings of and health of and body mind is office. constantly onof Teacher A the always, with and be and Church will those efficiency to increased come is nature the evidentduty. This from constitutes strengthen them."a him This teachings. the follow who hisof work. minister, to standing requires him be and

of outdoor the the approach With is the to teacher's over watch duty to the constantly helpful of watchful The and

Church always, and be with and strengthen members within his jurisdiction. His assoseason, temptations to violate the Sabthem. And see that there is no iniquity in ciations with the Saints should therefore be bath will increase. Latterday Saints

the Church, neither hardness with each very intimate and close. should be on guard and make every

other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil 2. He is to "see that there is no iniquity effort to obey the law. There are six

is that thespeaking, to see meet in the Church and Church,"not be active, He recreation secure to days in which all often, that the also histogether see passive; and to eyes are open. wide be benefirelation in to and engage He otherand duty. their take is to propriety, he might, called policethe do withmembers be And

cial activities, should but on Sunday we the of in thethe lead of of the absence meetings Church. man

keepelder or priest—And to be assisted always 3. When members fall out and have ill "remember the Sabbath Day and

in all his duties in the Church, by the deafeelings, it is the Teacher's duty to have it holy."

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, HAROLD J. KIRBY,

Treasurer. President and A. WILLIAM LUND, L. MYERS,Secretary. GARRETTAssistant CHRISTENSON,JOSEPH M. KIRKHAM, JAMES Assistant Treasurer and President. Vice

E. Superintendent Bureau of Research PETERSEN, MARK

F. BENNETT,ARCHIBALD HILL, ELLEN Directors. Librarian. Secretary and Librarian. Assistant

land. center of the the consumption decreed falls that it should and be in the "SAVIORS smitten, TO BECOMEHOW

world. upon the Isaiah refers evidently to "Mount ZION"ON MOUNT

in conference a held At Nauvoo, in of the expressions "mountain Zion"titles of that be the highest can/NE it 3, is Oct. Sunday, recorded: 1841, of the the Lord's house""mountain and is a being mortal bestowed upon in chapter. the used second Lord"President Smith, request of the Joseph by ofthat Zion."Savior "a on Mount says: He instructions the Apostles, gave Twelve on a title such Just what by do mean we doctrine for of the dead, baptism which it in last shall the to pass days come And expression, achieveor can and how we listened to interest with intense were by shall that the the of Lord's house mountain

this high distinction? To become a the large assembly. He presented baptism be established in the top of the mountains,

savior on Mount Zion we must do somefor the dead as the only way that men can and shall be exalted above the hills; and

thing for another person that he is now appear as saviors on Mount Zion. all nations shall flow unto it.

unable to do for himself. Jesus Christ, The proclamation of the first principles

15, the to of of Smith Prophet salvation a Gospel Joseph was (July The means all forthe Savior, did something manindividually; truth, the and not it was men be that "Zion 1842) emphasized may for that they notkind could themdo that actively them; saved men, but by men all built in righteousness; nations and up itselves. possible, through made He rites in of salvation engaging substitutionflock to "that standards;"her God's as sacrifice, great of HisHis because and instrumental in ally bringing mulbecame direction, people, obeunder His and calling, bringdivine appointment to and their titudes the of into kindred Kingdom

in to law, dient His up grow may we of the God.about atonement whereby may we

truth; righteousness that His and when exalted. redeemed, saved,be and It us these to statements that seems shall purposes accomplished, be we In great the of plan the as Gospel, plainly Saints of the show how God inheritance receive those an among may inexpressed writ explained holy and by "saviors Zion."become on may Mount that sanctified."are prophets, bettermodern method what qualify they without cannot However, responsibility, greater the our Theis for for provided something doing sacrifices. real only must making Not greater blessings. other the our Onother persons they themselves which live faithfully the they Gospel and if greater the hand, our condemnation do, the intocannot going than now into to the of prove go temple worthy live to opportunities. not our up do we of thetemples perthere and Lord sacrifice the Lord, but they must a in Fielding Smith, speakElder Josephforming the ordinances of the Gospel their of time, portion this responsibility in ing of our work, life—of itfor in their behalf, thus and making talents, to order and become clear that than be makes must means—intheir more we forpossible to exbe them saved and their "savior"to kindred a dead. qualify to a "Saint""savior."as aalted in Celestial the kingdom? like to are There would some who

It else matters not been have is what we "savior a meant by on Mount What the give "saviors term Zion"on Mount called to do, position or ocwhat may weZion?"Prophet Smith The Joseph interpretation. prefer broader a They in faithfully other or cupy, ways how we definite finegives a very answer a and it in to that believe activtakes is many in labored the have Church, none thisexplanation in of quesion a sermon ities, this as It obligation. preaching such great the misGospel, exempt from

at Nauvoo, January 21, 1844. After sionary work, helping each other in a required of the apostle as well as theis

his introductory said: remarks he elder. distinction humblest or or Place financial giving succor food way, and

I will Elijah the send before Prophet you in the service long mission in the Church, etc. to the needy, service All of such the of the great dreadful coming and field, day the stakes of or Zion, or where how

is refellow our duty our and men the of shall turn hearts the of to Lord; he and entitle else it will been, not one have may

the fathers to the children, and the hearts sponsibility, and for our helpfulness we to disregard the salvation of one's dead.

of the children to the fathers, lest I come and will be rewarded. But the Prophet exsmite the earth with a curse. Now, the plicitly limits, as quoted above, the The Prophet said:

turn translated bind, here shouldword be title "saviors of to on Zion"Mount it, in Saints neglect behalf Those who seal. or those the serve dead. relatives, their of who at the deceased so do

is this of the object important But what peril salvation. further of their In said, explanation own he on

is fulfilled? mission? it to be The Or how

15, April 1842, as in the recorded spirit the delivered, to are keys of Elijah be said: Brigham Young Seasons, 223 Times page and is to to the established, come, Gospel be

the Saints of God gathered, Zion built up, And now as the great purposes of God We have a work to do just as important and the Saints to come up as saviors on are hastening to their accomplishment, and in its sphere as the Savior's work was in

Mount Zion. the things spoken of in the Prophets arc fulits sphere. Our fathers cannot be made

How are thev to become saviors on filling, as the Kingdom of God is estabhshed perfect without us; we cannot be made

Mount Zion? By building their temples, on the earth, and the ancient order of perfect without them. They have done

erecting their baptismal fonts, and going things restored, the Lord has manifested to their work and now sleep. We are now

forth and receiving all the ordinances, bapus this day and privilege, and we are comcalled upon to do ours; which is the greatest

tisms, confirmations, washings, anointings, manded to be baptized for our dead, thus work man ever performed on the earth.

fulfilling the of words Obadiah, ordinations, sealing and powers upon their when The Prophet Joseph Smith said: of the glory of the latterdays: all their of heads, in behalf progenitors who speaking

are dead, and redeem them that they may "And saviors shall come up on Mount Zion I am going on in my progress for eternal come forth in the first resurrection and be to judge the remnant of Esau, and the life. It is not only necessary that you

exalted to thrones of glory with them; and Kingdom shall be the Lord's."should be baptized for your dead, but you

the herein hearts that binds is the chain children the fathers to the children, the and of Now where is Mount Zion? The willfor them,havetheto samego throughas you haveall thegoneordinancesthrough

to the fathers, which fulfills the mission of Prophet Joseph Smith in April conferto save yourselves. There will be 144,000

Elijah. ence, 1844, said: saviors on Mount Zion and with them an

The Saints have not too much time to The whole of America is Zion itself from innumerable host that no man can number.

save and redeem their dead, and gather north to south, and is described by the Oh! I beseech you to go forward, go fortogether their living relatives, that they may prophets, who declare that it is Zion where ward, and make your calling and election

be saved also, before the earth will be the mountain of the Lord should be, and sure.

bolstered up with new determinations to

THE JUNE CONFERENCE socialcarry on!gamesFollowingwere enjoyedthe lovelyby allbanquet,in the

beautifully with gold balloons. THEciationsfortythirdwill beAnnualheld inGeneralSalt LakeConferenceCity, Friday,of the Saturday,Mutual Improvementand Sunday, AssoJune auditorium,and green streamersdecoratedand

9, 10, and 11, with a Summer Institute to be held Monday, June 12. M. I. A. The following day three sessions of disofficers and teachers and all others interested in the M. I. A. program are invited to trict conference were held at Durham, clibe in attendance for the general and departmental sessions and recreational maxing the month's tour with a great spiractivities and exhibits. itual uplift. More than 275 people were

The Conference will include, in addition to the messages from members of the present at each of the two first sessions and

First Presidency of the Church and others of the General Authorities, the introduction the evening session was also well attended.

of the coming year's work. On the return trip a meeting was held in

The Conference promises a program full of instruction, interest, and inspiration. Kingsport, Tennessee.

During the conference at Durham, North presidency—theCarolina, the organizationfirst organizationof a districtof the

this this take form in type to practically district mission—putbasis. Elder a stake on

James L. Bennett, a prominent Church leader

in Durham and president of the Durham

Branch, was chosen as district president, with counselors David L. Hiatt of Mt.

Airy, and Kenneth L. Duke, of Duke

University. Sister Neara Smith of Duke

General Superinfendency o[ the General Presidency of the Young University was chosen as district clerk and

Young Men's Mutual ImproveWomen's Mutual Improvement Brother C. V. (Richard) Bennett, assoment Association. Association. ciated with the Music Department of Duke

University, was chosen as district music supervisor. Other district counselors and

REPORTS FROM THE FIELD East Central States Mission district supervisors are in course of selecActivity Reports state that to are in North happy Diego tion.We District Gold andSan the of President During month March District Carolina Improvement The West BallGreen States of the Central East T. William Tew has with forward gone Era drive

Mission, together with Elder 27th, the Friday, January Diego San supervisor Mission held well,ONDistrict rapid of Y.J. M.RobertM. I.Bus-A. strides.today (AprilThe 6th)quotatheyfor have100% 112wassubscrip32, but Ball and Green Gold was

in the appropriately decorated North Park work and special Mission representative, tions, or 350%. One branch in the district,

supervisor Virginia Riches, and Mission hall. feel proud has District Roxboro, of superintendent over 600%.Branch We

of Y. Merlene also Miss A., and W. M. I. the attainment though and even over this Halgren, district I. A.Y. M. M. Dewey

of the President, daughter Tew, its full has as toured mission reached a wholepresident I. A. Florence Turn- M. Y. W.

Carolina districts the Virginia and North the trips resolved have, their during togetherbaugh, with counselors sponquota we sored the ball. holding branch and district conferences to make a final plea to all missionaries and

Each of the five branches was reprealong with M. I. A. activity district probranch presidents to get at least one more

sented by a queen and three attendants. grams and banquets. Fortyone sessions Era subscription each before April 19th

In choosing the queens and attendants three of such meetings were held and there seemed which will put this mission far over the interest in to be a widespread Church in the present campaign. toprequirements each a made: must be were

activities. that been had The advertising It evident, from this tour, that the was atregular attendant Mutual, must have

these in done meetings regarding news- I. is is on, that the moving A. Church fund, M. thepaid membership and two know

bring sources papers to seemed and other its fulfilling glorious purpose, that and The the dances.of I. A. M.

investigators out. greatly were many They is its rapidly finding Improvement Era Sister way the of Margaret General Wells N.

fact, there to impressed. be In appeared home.- into every Virginia Riches, By of presented Y. each I. A.Board M. W.

spirituality dedevotion an increased and I. Central East A. Supervisor. M. theof queens of flowers with a corsage Y. W. on

the veloping of the Church members among Mission. States the District of queens,behalf Board. The

districts. in theseattendants, escorts, their numbering and

I. district activity 18th a A. M. March On floor couples, a First gave show,twenty Stages Orleans demNew

held Virginia, meeting in Roanoke, wasonstrating the Trot Ball and Gold and Aloha Green Fox Oe profitin in the culminating evening a very beautifulthe manner. in a Gleam Waltz

at able first held wellarranged banquet and and Ball to be given Green Gold The to the present enjoy Three hundred were evening. the Roanoke Women's Club rooms. The in New Orleans was held March 18, 1939,

toasts and program left a feeling of joy and marked the beginning of greater acthe tivities hearts of everyone. It for this city. number to a credit was A greatBig Stake Religious M. I. A. in Horn

of at the banwere present in nonmembers of the sense standards every M. I. A. FestivalMusic

quet and during the program many things term. Even though New Orleans is a drinkMusic lovers of Big Horn Stake gathered were done and said which created a good ing, smoking town, our party was conin the Lovell Ward hall to enjoy the Stake impression. spicuous by the complete absence of both

Festival of Religious Music, presented by The following Saturday evening, March liquor and tobacco and was a revelation to the combined wards of the stake. 25th, another district banquet was held in many of our guests. This is but another

The Festival featured a stake M. I. A. Burlington, North Carolina. More than example of the truism that we influence

Chorus consisting of one hundred fifty one hundred fifty persons were served. The those with whom we are associated: like

voices, which was appreciated by all prestables were decorated with daffodils and begets like.

ent as it sang beautiful and loved L. D. S. tulips and gold and green candles, and the

hymns. Earl Lyman Collins narrated gold and green place cards, programs, napHawaii Reports Adult Activity

briefly the circumstances under which each kins, and nut baskets, perfectly carried out

I. A. the color touched written and scheme. was A.hymn upon Even the M. I. the menu THEat MakuaLaie has(Parents)had a classveryin successfulM. colors. writer. carried theselife of the out composer community and hymn The Many

festival was under the direction of C. songs were sung, climaxing the evening with year, with attendance and participation

Winston Hansen, stake M. I. A. music the famous M. I. A. victory song "Carry gradually on the increase. During the

director, who organized and directed the On."The souls of all who were present holiday season the group spent a number

stake chorus. were lifted to higher levels of thinking and {Continued on page 366)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

{Continued from page 365) of evenings serenading. Their music contributed much toward the fine spirit of

Christmas and the New Year which preChurch holiday serenaders who of the to the beauty music lies added invailed the village which Church village at Laie. (See Temple |JI'|T|, outspread the sea the eaves toward from stot-y this page.)

of the Temple. (See top photo, this page.)

During the visit of Brother and Sister

Oscar Kirkham this group was awarded first place in the Oahu Stake Talent Night contest held at the Kalihi Hall in Honolulu.

They celebrated their victory with a feast held on February 22 at the home of Brother

Hamana Kalili, the class leader.

With the temple completely renovated it is most beautiful and all who come take real pride in keeping it spotless. Each M. I. A. Adult Class of Laie,

session brings increased gratitude on the Hawaii, who entertained at a class part of those who participate. thisLuau, page.)February 22. (See story Two new buildings have been added in

connection with the Bureau of Information, in order to accommodate the numerous visitors who stop over during their tour of this beautiful island. We are averaging nearly

5,000 per month. The temple and grounds

to many, according to their statements, are the most beautiful setting in all this land of Paradise. From the four corners of the

feast, trees, the the the under At visitorsearth our long come and pause in Class Laie is in proAdult Luau to hear at aboutenough least something gress. story this page.) (See

the strength of the Mormon position. It

would be most interesting to scan our Visitor

Register and note the impressions written in the column "Remarks."Among them

are found the following: "Who am I to

judge Paradise?""The Taj Mahal of

Hawaii;""The Glory of God on Earth;"

"This is architecture;""Inspiring;""A place

of real peace."

A group of Temple workers at beauty of the spots Hawaii—oneof the earth. story (SeeTHE M MEN AND GLEANERS IN thisLaie, page.) CONFERENCEJUNE

Friday pRiDAY, June 9th, all M Men and Gleaner *- leaders will join the entire group of

M. I. A. workers in the program and plans

outlined for you.

at first Gold and Green Friday, in Ball Orleans. Reading Newbe

left right: to Miltenan M MenSaturday,and Gleanerand SundayExhibittherein willthe fromPrincipals Henry

Pioneer Room at the Lion House. This will berger, Louise Rogers, Donald

be open whenever there are no meetings in Nicol, Florence Brown, Jewel session and General Board members will be Chambers, and Edward Mullins.

there to greet you. Stake displays of activities will be featured; banquet and dance

programs, decorations, favors, newspapers.

Treasures of Truth books, pictures, suggestions. Here you will find new and Religion, it will be of keen interest to every The membership plan, simplified yet with

usable ideas for next year. M Man and Gleaner. one addition which should help your probthis to for clearly will enlarged chairmen lems explained immensely, be The two newSaturday Morning

Sister you. L. Dr. the said they department. L. Daines and have wards some of As

Saturday field supervisor, quite the did the coraradery is the big day for our work Hazel not understand with Brockbank,specifically, and a meeting of all M Men and Sister Katie C. Jensen, will be introduced program, a demonstration of one will be

Gleaner leaders, officers, and members will and explain to you some of the highlights given.

heldbe in Barratt at 9 o'clock Hall. One eight year's of of program. a surprise! the coming members The Then

interestingof the features at this will time will the separate miniature Gleaner manuals that the and Committee Remember the ofbe answering questions youc about this to receive to to greet given your sugwere ready be came you, as you you this department for the plans and coming on there last gestions, meeting perquestions year? your answer were and Weyear. Bring questions written your and for to sonally. everyone. prepared to take advantage as were enough word Come sorryA

enter Barratt in Hall,you the drop them this early. opportunity. of won't be You the wise—comenot that "Askit-Basket"so Warner, Homer sorry.

who is to conduct this feature during the M Men last half of the hour meeting, in can the be preSmith meet Saturday MeAfternoon The M Men will paring will o'clock, at Building 2 a have and afternoon Saturday and morial Men the M short speeches. Gleaner of songs program peppy Book Menit. and and Song An will at Mfor 2 o'clock. has Gleaners meet separately

It just published. containsbeen songs new (See Conference Program for places.) Saturday Evening it, for this group. to introduce you To

the first part of the morning program will Gleaners Saturday evening is a general meeting be singing and enjoying these songs toThe Gleaner meeting will give you a in the Tabernacle with an M Men and gether. working picture of next year's program for Gleaner program. Imagine the center secThe course of study for next year has the Gleaner organization. The course of tion of the lower floor of the Tabernacle

been written by Dr. Lowell Bennion, and study for the fourth night of each month filled with M Men and with lovely Gleaner

he will present it briefly to you in person. when the girls meet alone will be a new and Girls in their varicolored evening dresses.

Confidentially, you'll love the Manual. interesting approach to an old friend, TreasImagine a chorus of over two hundred

Dealing with the vital topic Youth and Its ures of Truth. voices singing the new songs with the whole

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

audience joining them. Imagine the inspiration this will give to the guest speaker who

will challenge the young people. Decorations! Music! Lights! Everywhere surprises! Admittance to the lower floor will

have to be by ticket only. Undoubtedly

you have secured and distributed your allotment by now.

Imagine, if you can, an M Men and

Gleaner Reception and Dance to be held immediately after this meeting on the mezzanine floor of the Hotel Utah—two ballrooms for dancing, punch and wafers, room

to meet folk who have come from across the continent. What an opportunity to see

new faces, hear new names, find new friends, and have some fun. There will be a charge

of 25c each for the dance if you have the ticket which admitted you to the Tabernacle and a charge of 75c a couple if you haven't.M Men andAlthoughGleaner thisBall, iseveryprimarilyM. I. anA.

worker coming to Salt Lake City for June

Conference is invited.

Sunday Again on Sunday we will join with the other M. I. A. members in meeting.

From 3:30 to 5:30 a special consultationreception will be held in the exhibit room

with all of the committee members there.

M MEN GLEANERS 'T'he new M MenGleaner song book is off the press. We want everyone singing the songs for June Conference, so send in to the General

Board Offices in Salt Lake City, Utah—

either to 50 North Main or to 33 Bishop's Building-—Five cents will buy one

of the books containing all of the songs, so send immediately and then begin learning the songs.

EXPLORERS TTTe are eager to give new vitality and leadership to the Explorer department the coming year. IDuring

the June Conference we have just what—ayou havespecialbeentrainingwantingschooland lookingfor leadersfor

to be given at Little Mountain, Saturday, June 10. Leaders will meet at

the Deseret gymnasium at 1 o'clock, and cars will be provided to take all to the setting. The school will be

conducted from 1: 30 to 5:30 in the real

Explorer Leadership setting. We shall

be extremely happy to have all the Explorer leaders with us.

{Concluded on page 368)

1. BeeHive Class, Omaha Branch, Western States

Mission. 2. Omaha Branch First Boy Scout Troop, No. 58, with

Scout Masters and Branch President George A.

Mclntyre. 3. Omaha Branch first M IVIen Basketball Team, organized in January, 193S.

4. Missionaries of Honolulu, Hawaii.

5. Floor show "Queen of Liberty,"Rupert 3rd Ward

at Minidoka (Idaho) Stake Gold and Green Ball.

6. Cast of the Opera "Martha"presented by the

Amsterdam (Holland) M. I. A. group at their

Conference, June, 193S.

7. Independence Branch IVI Men Basketball Team

(Central States Mission).

S. Rotterdam (Holland) M. I. A. group who are planning

to produce the Opera "Martha"at their spring

District Conference.

9. Cast of the Opera "Robin Hood"which was presented by the Midway 1st and 2nd Wards of Wasatch

stake. 10. New England Mission Basketball Team.

11. North Sanpete Road Show—Spring City presentation.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD ( Concluded from page 359) work by taking turns. The proceeds more than willing to cooperate by sellthe blessed son went and Lord us their tickets in of this work My were turned into the ward ing wards. had We

blessedand him. an admirable made He building fund. frankfurters sodawater and and buns

inrecord his mission, being district president tore part of a donated. 3, the wind February down dance was A severefor 15 months projects and pioneering that barn, chicken overturned a coop, largest the and one of and held. It was fruit.bore

We were not only able to finance the unroofed a garage. The damage was most enjoyable that we have ever had.

mission, but we paid off the greater part quickly remedied when the Elders and The proceeds of this dance, $611.52,

of the debt as well, and we still enjoy our Seventies called for volunteers. Thirtywere used in behalf of this member and

home and the rich blessing of pride in a five or forty men appeared on the scene his family.

missionary and faith in God. "I know that with tools and in less than five hours In a previous project, we made it posprovidesthe Lord those things do when we sible pulled the nails, piled of the they had for one up the quorum, memberwhich of us."has commanded He blind, lumber, uprighted to regain wrecked percent the chicken 90 was who

Extracts from a talk given by President coop, and placed the roof back on the of his vision. We had a dance and

Ralph Odin Taylor at the North garage, after which lunch was served, raised enough money to pay part of the

Weber Stake Priesthood Quarterly and the spirit of good will was felt by cost of the operation.

Conference, February 26, 1938: all. The Priesthood quorum should be a

HAVE been asked to give a report on Last spring a member of the quorum great fraternal organization. It is up

I the projects which the Fourth Quosuffered the loss of a child. This memto the individual whether or not he

rum of Elders of the North Weber ber, the father of a large family, was uses the Priesthood and receives the

Stake has accompUshed in the last year, out of employment at the time. We greatest blessings from it. Quorums

This quorum covers three wards and sponsored a dance in his behalf, and may become sacred instruments through has 138 members. I feel that these with the aid of the Relief Society, raised which the welfare work can be exprojects not only increase the activity enough money to pay the hospital bill. alted to the realm of the spiritual.

of the quorum but also make the memWe staged a membership drive by Every quorum member may likewise bers quorum conscious. organizing a softball team to provide become a copartner with the Lord in

In the past year we have completed social entertainment in the quorum, thus bringing temporal and spiritual peace, ten various projects. Before starting bringing some inactive members back prosperity, and happiness to the human

each project, we have met and worked into activity. soul.

in harmony with our bishopric, who In June, the ward quota of asparagus have always been willing and eager and rhubarb was assigned. Groups Mutual Messages

to assist us. were formed and led by Elders to the (Concluded from page 367)

it fields cut, various gathwhere was In January, the 1938, Elders sponST. JOHNS MENGLEANERS M ered, station. to hauled the and Eachsored a program a raise to and dance PLAY HOST

for credit his given prowas member to for transportationmoney pay of two St. will groups Johns be total in to TThe duce. turned amount Themissionaries fields. their to assessBy hosts to the MenGleaners and MStake storehouse the quarts 750 Church wasing each sponsoring and the member district at of the Leaders an "AllWest- of of 1,000 asparagus. cans rhubarb andparty, raised the balwith a money we to ern held Outing"be the weekend

ance of $21. On the 22nd day of November one of of June 16th in the heart of the White

In March, we undertook the painting the quorum members, while seeking Mountains. The convention spot is

of the ward amusement hall. The cattle in the mountains, was caught in a located along the highway midway

Nutrioso. between proAlpine and AhallWe isaskeda largethe helpbuilding,of all 94membersby 52 whofeet. blindingspent theblizzard.night in theHemountains.became lostNextand pines, of hiking gram consisting in the

were in need of assistance. Other morning he was found suffering from fishing, sports, camp fire sings, story

members also helped. Every worker exposure. His hands and feet were telling, barbeque, and "out west dances"

received a work slip to be acknowlseverely frozen, necessitating medical is planned. Each guest is asked to come

edged at the storehouse in case of need. care. The quorum assisted in the exdressed in western regalia—-"Levis,"

Fourteen men worked on this building, pense, raising money by a dance. boots, tengallon hats, bright colored

saving the ward $192. Later both hands and feet were amshirts, or hiking clothes. Each person

The West Warren Elders sponsored putated. We met with the bishopric is asked to bring his own equipment.

a crop project by raising one acre of to discuss the best means of raising A registration fee of $2.00 will be

sugar beets, and turned them over to more money for him. Another dance made which will cover the costs of five

the Church Welfare fund. The Warwas suggested, the admission for which meals and admission to dances and

ren Elders also took care of the janitor was $1 per couple. We chose a chairentertainment. Registrations must be

work in their ward for a period of six man and organized our committees. A in by June 1st to: M MenGleaners'

weeks. It was arranged so that as many tenpiece orchestra volunteered their Convention Headquarters, St. Johns,

members as possible had a chance to services. The other communities were Arizona.

SOME POINTS OF DIFFERENCE {Continued from page 341 the Bible is not a closed book, that yHE second fundamental charactersion for all over eight years of age, the heavens are not sealed, but that istic of this Church is that of which is the age of accountability. God reveals His mind and will to church government, which is highly

It rejects the doctrine of original sin man through His prophets; that God centralized, with a well defined

and transubstantiation. There are has and will reveal himself in person Priesthood and the autonomy of the

several doctrines and teachings, four and that He will send His angels to local congregation. It is the same

of which are discussed below, which reveal His mind and will. This form of government as that originmark the Mormon Church as being Church also affirms that there are ally organized by Christ, with aposdifferent from all other churches. other Scriptures besides the Bible tles, prophets, patriarchs, high

The first of these fundamental which God has given and will priests, seventies, and elders, which differences is the doctrine of modern yet give to mankind through His comprise the Higher Priesthood revelation. This Church holds that prophets. known as the Melchizedek Priest368

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939 hood. The Lesser Priesthood, A third characteristic is that of minister the ordinances of the Gosknown as the Aaronic Priesthood, the doctrine of the eternity of marpel for, and in behalf of, those who

is composed of Bishops, Priests, riage and the family relationship. are dead. Thus, every man and

Teachers, and Deacons. The Marriage or covenants made bewoman who has ever lived or is livChurch has no paid ministry, each tween man and woman, or between ing on this earth, will be saved in

member serving for the love of the man and man, or between man and one of the three degrees of glory, work. Every worthy male member God, made in the temples of the according to his or her merits, work,

over the age of twelve is given an Church, are for time and eternity. and obedience to all the commandoffice in the Priesthood, with reThe Church holds, through modern ments of God.

sponsibihties and duties. Every revelation, the divine authority to As a fourth characteristic, the

worthy woman is also given reseal in heaven as well as to seal on Church also teaches what it calls the sponsibilities in the auxiliary work of earth, and any or all contracts or Word of Wisdom, which avows that the Church. The ecclesiastical dicovenants made through this autobacco, alcohol, intoxicating drinks,,

visions of the Church are known as thority are for time and eternity and tea, and coffee are harmful to the the ward, which is presided over by do not end with death. body, and that indulging in these

a bishop and two counselors. The A distinguishing feature also is things wieakens one's spirituality,

larger divisions are known as the doctrine of salvation for the vitality, mentality, and physical wellstakes, presided over by a High dead. The Church proclaims that being. The Word of Wisdom also

Priest called the stake president and every man and woman may be saved teaches that an excessive use of meat two counselors. Associated with and that if they do not hear and acis not good, but that herbs, grain,

him is a body of twelve High cept in this hfe, they will be given a and fruit in the season thereof are

Priests known as the high council. chance to hear and accept in the life good for the use of man and build a

The Church as a whole is presided beyond the grave. There are cerstrong healthy body and develop his

over by a High Priest and Apostle tain ordinances, such as baptism and spirituality and mentality. The

who is recognized as a prophet of marriage, which must be performed Word of Wisdom teaches that temGod. Associated with him are two by the Priesthood on this earth. perance in all things is good and

counselors. Along with the First Those who have not had the opthat any overindulgence is not

Presidency is a body of twelve portunity of partaking of these good.

Apostles, known as the Council of blessings as administered by the reWith these distinguishing feathe Twelve, equal in authority. The stored Priesthood shall be given the tures, the restored Gospel of Jesus

third ranking governing body is anopportunity of having these earthly Christ, Mormonism, as it is comother Church general council comordinances performed by proxy in monly called, will undoubtedly conprising seven men known as the the temples of the restored Gospel. tinue to call to its membership thinkFirst Council of Seventy. In other words, the living may ading people from all over the world.

dLHING JLNE CONFEHENCE dS Jure Co nf EOOK HEADQLAHTEHS

M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS PRIESTHOOD LESSON BOOKS

Executives Voice From the Dust $2.50 Priesthood and Church Welfare

By Genet Bingham Dee Single Copies $1.25

Lots of 6 or more $1.00

Adults Rediscovery of Man $1.75

By Henry C. Link Supplementary Reading Material for Members of

Priesthood Quorums:

Gleaners and Men M F. Smith Alone $2.50 Life of Joseph $2.50 Richard R. Bird Admiral By

Joseph By Fielding Smith Icebreakers $2.00 Antarctic Explorers. -—Prophet Teachings of the Joseph Smith... $2.00 K. Fox By Lorene

Fielding Smith By Joseph Queer Person $2.00 Scouts

Edition)..... Key to Theology $1.00 (New By Ralph Hubbard

P. Pratt Parley By

Juniors Priesthood Notes on and Church GovBy Cornelia SpencerThree Sisters $2.00 Lesserernment. (Should be every read by Bishop

BeeHive Girls...Caddie Woodlawn $2.00 and other officer) $1.00

By Carol Ryrie Brink By Joseph B. Keeler

BeeHive Girls Good Manners $1.00 The Gospel $1.00

By Beth Bailey McLean By B. H. Roberts

Plus Sales Tax in Utah DESERET BOOK COMPANY BOOK HEADQUARTERS 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

THE NATIVE BLOOD {Continued irom page 343) horse in the whole state of Texas? But the resourceful Badger held

Cherokee, for Pane himself had This race was forced on me in such a trump card to be played in this here, look'e that to take big Mr. I had game: way that "Now it—all that announcement, not knowamade acthe with hangs on the I meet I have he perked up Agent,"new way it would mean.ing what

"Look'e here,"pleaded the Baddare."cent of assurance, "you agreed to let

ger, no patronizing slap on any- "This is the time to drop this fool us run this race, and you made us it over if anybody's back. "It's true the old man business,"broke in the agent. "It's agree we would run

to contrary thing was discovered ridiculous to carry on."win, horse and too wouldbet a Navajo

stipulated terms. I'll bitthe keep my the storeman complained But story, a to your Navajoaccording

get anhorse won. But I bet a Navajo terly, "That would ruin my trade part of the agreement—I'll

it other man, but horse and another at this the stage of to drop gamehorse would lose, and a Navajo

That, according I won't back down. disastrous to than be would more me lost,"horse

"You agreed to run a white man to run and lose both races. This is to the plain terms of the agreement,

stakes, worse lose and would climax of long me the a controversy the the horse,"a man's whiteand still, it to leave face would me no forced of these customers by on me instead in, "but cutColonel you run this far into carry on my trade."a Cherokee and a Navajo horse—mine—they've got me

where's yer argument?"it, and I've got to carry it through, "What if the other side is willing

"If you can't satisfy these people even if I make the old man a present to quit?"pursued the agent, comof the reservation,"protested the of the sheep and the money when I promisingly, for he knew it would

agent, impatiently, "you'll have to win them."delight them.

get out. They won't tolerate you "Nothing doing!"barked the But the Badger, feeling that he

any more, and they'll never let you agent flatly, "We'll cancel the whole had his feet on solid earth, scorned take this man's sheep on any such arrangement and let things stand as any compromise, "If they quit, flimsy claim."they were."they've lost the bet—that's what

"And if I back down like a whipThe shepherdess, listening eagthey agreed to."Turning defiantly

ped kid,"the Badger lamented, erly, told her father the whole thing on Peejo and his white father, "Now "it'll amount to the same thing. I was to be dropped, and the old man what do they want to do? What do

had no idea that boy was a Cherin an ecstasy, threw his arms around you want to do? You stuck your

okee, and who could be blamed for Peejo, calling him son, and begging noses into this business, now get happening to get the only Navajo pardon for the wrongs of the years. them out."( To be Continued)

THE JAREDITE LANDS

{Continued irom page 337) in a footnote in earlier editions of Coriantumr, the last king of the JarShule a prisoner of war and carried the Book of Mormon. edites, met his bitter enemy. Sharhim captive into Moron. That idenThe hill Shim, which Omer and ed, in this valley. The murderous

tifies Moron as the Land of their his family passed on their flight to combat lasted for three days. SharFirst Inheritance. Ablom, was located in a country ed was defeated and fled to the

called Antum ( Mormon 1:3). This plains of Heshbon (Ether 13:27,

The Land of Heth name, as some other Book of Mor28 ). ( See Ether 6:14.) The name

(Ether 8:2) mon words, is evidently the KechGilgal means "circle."It may have

TThere this land, or district, was, ua "anta,"which Garcillasso de la been given to the valley on account is, no of its circular form, or because of we do not know. Heth, acVega translates "copper."It

cording to Genesis 15, was the secdoubt, related to "antion,"a piece mounds erected there for dwellings ond son of Canaan, a descendant of gold (Alma 11:19), and "onti,"or for sepulchral purposes or fortiof Ham, and the ancestor of the a piece of silver (Alma 11:6). It is fications. The mounds were of difHittites, who at one time were a suggestive of a mining region. ferent forms. Some were in the

powerful people, strong enough to Nimrah, after his brother had shape of animals. One mound in

wage war against Egypt and Asbeen murdered by their father, fled Ohio is thought to represent a snake syria. They inhabited Canaan at to Ablom, to the colony of Omer swallowing an egg. Other mounds

the time of the exodus. The name (Ether 9:9). are circular. Circleville, Ohio, de-

"terror."there were Perhapsmeans The Land Southward rivesform. its name from mounds of that the of descendants Ham among

friends who followed Jared and his TThis, as the Prophet Moroni exWilderness of Akish brother from the Tower. That plains (Ether 9:31, 32), was (Ether 14:3,4,7)

would account for the name of this known as Zarahemla by the NeHThere is a Semitic verb "akash,"land. phites. It was the Land Southward to be froward, false, etc., as in

to the Jaredites, while Moron, Neheart 101:4, froward Psalm "A Ablom hor, "the countries and round shall the Akish, me."depart from (Ether 9:3) the about""north countries"were derivative the a from name, be may

Cee the comments on this verse. (verse 35). same root as this word. Its meaning

The name means "green meadThe Valley of Gilgal would describe accurately the charows."The country was situated acter of Akish, the son of Kimnor,

possibly on the Atlantic. That was Tn the fourth year of the war that in Ether 8:10.

the opinion of Orson Pratt, as stated ended in the disaster at Ramah, Two years after the death of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

Shared, his brother Gilead attacked tumr, who was again wounded, did field for power and royal honors.

Coriantumr. The battle of the Wilnot pursue, but went probably northShiz, in addition, was consumed by

derness of Akish ensued. Gilead ward to the country and hill of Raan unquenchable thirst for revenge.

succeeded in usurping the throne of mah. The two deadly enemies now He wanted the life of his antagonCoriantumr in Moron, and the latter each had his own gathering place ist. Their campaign during the four

(Etherentrenched himself and his follow-—one at Ramah, the other at Ogath. years preceding Ramah

effort tireless to bring a 15:14) was of Akish. iners the Wilderness preparations years'four next The as possible together people as many years. there remained for twoThey countries in these both were made

places, in their but gathering two that time Gilead murDuring was conflict. final things being All for a

for service especially on the men ecclesiastical chief ofdered by his at the massacre ready, Ramah battlefield, retogether with their in his turn was slain byficial, who in Ether as described took place, an ambitious individual named Lib. 15:1534. sources. That they succeeded in enCoriantumr now attacked Lib, but snaring in the nets of militarism a

fled to a defeatedhe and was place Conclusion majorityon and adjacentof the populationscountries; ofthatMoris, battlecalled another Agosh. Here

fit is service, for as as were fell, his manyoccurred. brother Lib but of picture correct a to get order Tn political It certain. these was two leadership. theShiz assumed

its conflict anteceat the Ramah, totally annihilated parties that were this at time people began The certain consequences, to dents and at individuals few Ramah. may Asplit parties. into thoutwo Many facts remembered. should be fled. the escaped sword have and battleslain thesands been on had

fields during the years of war. Of The disaster was brought about But most of the followers of the

the survivors, some joined Corianwhen the leaders of the people had apostate party leaders perished.

tumr, others Shiz. The next battle apostatized from the Lord, rejected Shiz was the last to be slain. Coriwas fought "upon the seashore,"His government and persecuted His antumr found his weary way topossibly on the shore of some great prophets. The Jaredites in this counward the South and died in Zarainland lake (Ether 14:1126). try had an experience similar to that hemla (Omni 21).

of the Israelites and Jews in their The battle of Ramah was one of afterwards, ages Land, Promised the world's epochmaking armed of Corihor Land The of their after the destruction who, to contests, comparable, in a way, (Ether 14:2731) slain, or sanctuary, were city and anciently, Salamis, or Carchemish,

all globe, the over scattered where the or or to Waterloo, Appomatox, his retreat Continued/ORiANTUMR to "lost"both they became times. in recent themArgonne,* more closely pursued eastward, by the selves world. and culture of the center Jaredite The inShiz. losses were the So terrible

flicted on the armies of Shiz by the It should also be remembered that, in Moron and adjacent countries in rear guard of Coriantumr that during the reign of Lib, the son of the north was totally destroyed by the inhabitants in the settlements Kish, a considerable exodus of Jarthe insane acts of savage hatred through which the armies passed, edites took place from the north that there inspired men, instead of fled in panic to the land of Corihor. countries to the south (Ether the Divine Spirit. The people who

After a three days'battle at the sea10:1928). This movement was had gone south no longer had the

shore Shiz went into camp in the primarily for the purpose of procurbenefit of connection with a visible

Valley of Corihor, and Coriantumr ing food, clothing, and materials for source of revelation for their guidpitched his tents in the Valley of implements, weapons and ornaments ance. They were scattered. But

in agriculturists the north for the carried imwith they them many at the Shurr. was fought A battle perish truth, principles of seen their stock had portant and which sewho Hill Coriantumr Comnor. was

verely wounded and carried from their farms burn up during years of must have, to some extent, prepared the battlefield as dead. drought. Many of these "hunters,"the way for the Nephites, and which

as they are termed, did not return. are recognizable in the legends,

The Hill Ramah They remained in the south. They myths, and traditions of Nahuas, built at least one "great city,"by Aztecs, Mayas, Quiches, Ramas,

(Ether 15:11) the "narrow neck of land on the Kechuas, Aymaras, Chibchas, and

place where the sea divides the Incas in the south, as well as IroTThis is the Jaredite name for Culand"(Ether 10:20), as a shipping quois, Lenapes, Mandans, Sioux,

morah. When Coriantumr repoint, it may be supposed, for their Abnakes, and others in the north.

covered from his wounds and realexports. How many more cities they

million with men, ized that two they founded not know. But do we the Hittites on the city of chief the 'Carchemish,

children, perhaps wives making and B. 717 year the C. In Euphrates. the of western bank at least at multiplied the have must

II, took it who the Assyrian, Sargon destroyed by was four three of between a total and thus in their rate the people, the as kindred deported the prisoner, king and same aspiraHittite predominance and slain making of an end during souls, million been had north 9:16; (Ether 10:4,12,22). the preparing tions power, to way and world a become of the years war, he offered many of for Nebuchadthe empire Babylonian goldenheaded If north in the Jaredites the were

2:37, nezzar 38). (Dan, if his he antagonist the kingdom millions the (Ether counted by waves adverse and B. wind Salamis, C, 480 At further Shiz bloodshed. end would the skill Themistocles, less of the military than no there other been have 15:22), may

the Persian scattered Greeks, other Athenian, and offer. the the rejected demanded He in to millions south. the the fleet of back hordes the Xerxes drove and

life of Coriantumr. So the war was East. The intended invasion of Europe failed. The

his copestablished Alexander 2:45. as predicted in Daniel continued. We should be reminded, further, MacedonianGrecianpery worldkingdom,

Coriantumr took his stand near of the fact the conflict at Ramah At Waterloo, June 18, 1815, the European allies the waters of Ripliancum, probably was the final settlement of the chief endedAt Appomatox,the autocracyAprilof Napoleon8, 1865, I. General Lee suran inland lake. Shiz attacked, but issue between two political parties, rendered to General Grant.

he was defeated and fled southward or their leaders, Coriantumr and whichAt theendedArgonne,the France,World theWarengagementwith the wasarmistice,fought to a place called Ogath. CorianShiz, respectively. Both were in the November, 11, 1918.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

UTAH'S PIONEER WOMEN DOCTORS {Concluded from page 333) herself and her mother, when they any man might covet. To her, a

life. public tasted merely had woman, it was a signal evidence of "What

union, the dashing husband, still will torment doctor, respect. not, as a you

gallant, bordered debonair and keen her joy of her bring to me?"he now plainly asked. graduaThe own

are bordered. life as most women's tion the shared pride was by

The tenderness of her nature was "Destless by day and sleepless at motherhood in her son's accomplishof in itself express to seekingalways ments. night, received diplo- a he was wracked When Mary Emma for another. service Theresome his conflict school, that the from throbbed by conma Mary Emma her the always to augment needwas truly felt that tinuously she achieved through her being. had Though

so, as nurse, a practicalincome—and that for failed which in his kindness had never Gib she had come—the twoher patients into tookMary Emma fold purpose. to children, her both and their

for recovery. home Oneown doctor, to spirited a womthose nervous, prepared horses she was As

it to impossible swallow foundan carry out ideal her highest sixteen of to servfrom twenty of them—of his,

pills doctor; prescribedthe by her ice. obstetrical leaders, espeswingers, Her wheelers work and was

but Nurse Van met that situation. pawing and snorting in the stables, cially successful; but her medical

Calling her little daughter to her stood for a life that was intolerable scope included the entire range of side, she said: "Let me see your to her. And always, even in her the general physician.

hands. my! wash Run and Oh

I until are spotless. theythem want surgecalmestof hermoments,great desire,theresteadywas andthe lastAnchapterunexpectedin her bookpage ofcoloredlife. Herthe

for Sister to peel grapes theseyou as career a to did doctor In not deep. prove extremity her she made of center the the IntoBrowne."the cross the that her her husband had House Defense. God To be of the necessary grapespeeled went to bear. else Financially expected capshe could turned? have whom

pills, orders doctor's the were and his able, said she the that assumed monetary had She always Lord fulfilled as they slid down the pawould provide. In all reality she burdens, and became not only his

tient's throat. firmly believed it. physician, but his devoted attendant

nursing, of ten years After Mary she could whenever B. spare a moment Dr. Seymour Young When midwife. Again a becameEmma it last practice his said, from her during can be "Money? Of course

her teacher.Dr. Romania was invalid, at But raised; all courage, he remained be ye years. good An of

still to burst not prepared she was in her proshe..."the about the cry Lord went home while that hope

the confines of her life. She became rang through her heart! Courage fessional duties. He was weak-

a dispenser of medicines in the Deswas the keystone of her nature.... she was strong. His loneliness would

eret Hospital. Even so, another two years have been infinitely more tragic had

But now the child who had been a elapsed down the unrecorded trail it not been for her tender compasstudiedtoddler when Emma Mary sion. finally gave She of him sustenance to she before her life went

itnursing, had found the one who life. of his the end after Sixteen Dr. away. years Ronecessary to sit on the steps of the mania Pratt left for Philadelphia, Into her fifteen years of practice

playing building withdowntown all of the wisdom, train for she crowded the boarded Mary Emma sesher mother was inher doll while activity knowledge, of which to and University enter the Ann Arbor, sion with Dr. Pratt, was becoming of Michigan, Martha Hughes'[Canshe was capable. She took no vaca-

a young lady. The second son, just non] Alma Mater. tions did no postgraduate work.

older, youth. a Mary was Emma life a of attendpanorama was Her 8, registered 1890, She January sensitive apprehensive and morewas sick until the the at ance died she on fortysix the years turned she day the influence of Overland theto sixtyfour. of age it old. that forgotten Having was to desire ever. thanFreight Her heart, kindness the of her The stated as birthday, her she her age children's environment herchange less of tenderness her were ways no It fortyfive. forwell that she was picture the against starkly outstood life characteristic of doctor as her a the got; calendar's count would lives. within theirof vowed She the than courage had was made day. her have excluded one by The this leave thatherself she would the one, her courage limit fortyfive. age was thatwhich—with it last love's robbed thoughhome the given her God's help—had in her with Arbor was Ann And so. In mind's her tostronghold do vision to the cross the power and in son. too, student, her a He, was walls crumbled four her andeye, its life of into smaller threshold her of the school second pharmacy. Thefell at them. looked she as larger room. joined year, youngest daughter her of lack opinion, public age, Her

indeed, the fithough them. Now, her. against Her werefunds—all educational burdens and it nancial that found said he hadhusband

hard enough to live with two women, were difficult to bear, though her heart was torn when she thought of her husband battling alone with his

CNHOLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW seemedproblems,to thehaveworriesdroppedof afromlifetimeher ATTENli shoulders. Prove Schoel of Beauty Culture

$25. Discount Complete on a

CULTURE IN BEAUTY COURSE Mary Emma was an honor stuThe School11 EastWhere1st No.,theProvo,PromiseUtah is Kept

A State Accredited School dent from the first. Gradually gain- A Life's income for a meager investment

recognition, ing chosen she was for further durFill in couponOgden School of Beauty Culture information her entire ing her senior year from

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN. UTAH class by her teacher. Dr. Wood, to Phone No.or2

Name take his place in the demonstration

Address City..State of obstetrics. This was an honor

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

THE GREAT WARRIOR SPEAKS ( Concluded icom page 338 long ago. With a few agitators, "When I die, and it won't be long

purified soul. I must purge my soul deserters, and renegades I sat my now, I want my body buried in the

of the things I see deep down under horse on a high hill far back from spring whose waters have told me the clear waters. my own people's camp called Winter more clearly than I had ever known

"My mother was the daughter of Quarters. From here we watched before the true facts of my life.

incavalry General Connor's and a of the white kind man, wrong feet soles the of "Place toward my tribe. fantry out wipe saw mywhite her mother hated man. We My east. the Let back be down my slaughter with people them our own father betrayed he because my all for the against and mud, murk in hearts their hatred more than we I, too, to learned grandmother. hate

is face that look Let behind me. my ever had. acted have They may I had all the white white man, men. clear the waters of through upward in like those hours because demons I disrethathated so them much spring, that the every morning when that darkness daylight and between of tribe the lawsgarded and my it will shine shines the sun down it cold. so very morning was kill tohelped taught been what I had clearly the that see message and people slaughsaw "When my to believe greatest woman's was lie is that in heart, there no my my all tered, sins in cast were myI my I laws. otherenemy. broke My I at sins face are the as back my at stroke."face one mighty out, cast partlypeople because me Spirit."Great

I broke the tribal laws and killed Great tears were streaming down white men and partly because I was the old man's face as he continued. Note: Chief Pocatello died in the year

his to his 1883, and, wish, according I body myself. part white an became children, heart broke. my "My

his hat, in the placed, together with exile, roaming, roaming, roaming, I could do. nothing There was of the Glass Springs. It wasdepths Looking

and,hating white yes, men, I began the soldiers but myself wanted, was to hate my own race, for they had it was Chief Bear Hunter who paid cast me out. the price and I could not save him.

"When the Pony Express came Down went my own sons and daughThe Church Moves On

Rockies, thethrough with I had tribal well children. me ters as as my 8, 1939deserters the from Johnston's Army, "I lesson learned but still May had my

army which came to wipe out the I had a price to pay. My bad repuPresident Louise Y. Robison of the

reRelief National Society Women's InMormons. were many my band far tation near. became and known

visit to turned from Washington, a prisons fromescaped renegades and to mischief, did Others, wishing do in participated she a where D. C, tribes. traitors All thesefrom many laid at the so blame and my door. the conference welfare House on White secretsknew valuwhich be would I since that time Yes, been have nation. the children of education of and

able to me. blamed for more than I ever did be-

"The soldiers joined with me in fore. LATTERDAY SAINTS FIGURE

this thatdeclaring Indian's was the silk see this hat?"you "Do The IN S. F. FAIR EVENTS theland, not nor Mormon's silk the any old hat from removed man

other white man's land, but only his head and caressed it fondly, "D Y invitation, Latterday Saints will the Indian's. then replaced it on his head before conduct vesper services for the sec-

"We killed! We killed immihe uttered another word. "White ond time on Sunday, June 25, in the Hall

grants. Pony Express riders, every men laugh at the hat because it sits of Religions on Treasure Island at the

class of men who tried to wedge an on the head of an Indian; mining San Francisco fair. Services are held

6:00 every 5:00 p. m. and between settlers. for theopening white laugh, laugh, immigrants Had men the AuthorSunday. General One of grandmother and mynot my mother freighters stage coach and hands ities to present. is expected be

taught me that the white man would have laughed, and now that railroad services under the direction of ChurchFirst put the tip of his cane in and then men are coming into our land they representatives were held May 7. Presthe next thing we would know, all too, laugh and say, 'Look at the silk ident Eugene Hilton of the Oakland

his relatives would be beside us? hat'."Stake spoke on "The Quest for Truth,"

"When the Bannocks and ShoThere was another long pause. Another date of interest to the

shones cast me out, I was called "The hat is a symbol of my pledge. Church will be June 14, Flag Day,

Digger Shoshone or Digger Ute. A great and mighty man, one who which will honor Utah and her pioNow, with the aid of exiles, outlaws, could look at a piece of paper and neers. Committees are preparing a

and deserters, we did many things tell whether it was a Frenchman, an formal welcome and allday program.

to lay atso as the door the blame Englishman, or a Spaniard who did ENTIRE FAMILY CALLED his people.of the Chief and Ute the the writing on page, one who

We did the same thing among all could look at a small piece of paper TO SERVE ON MISSION tribes, trying for to save this land barrels or boxes and call will know how many unusual take Elder and An race, Indians, the toour and own of supplies next "on the come would Sister Sandstrom Harry W.make myself a great chief of many freight wagon or army wagon. Yes, Riverton, Utah, their daughters, Violetof

tribes."this mighty man was kind enough and Diana, and their son, Carroll, to

There was a much longer pause to give me this hat, and with the hat the Northwestern States Mission as this time. The chief, who had althat mighty man gave me the kindest fulltime missionaries. Following a

ways been so sure of himself, was smile I have ever seen. short period of training in the Mission

their for will leave they new Home his time concealing a hardhaving the I put hat on "When my head 8. field of mission labor on The Juneemotions. effort he conan With that heart a pledge, and made my realize oldest desire son, will of the an

feelings. histrolled kept. that pledge I have ever From killed six Harold, months was who "My children! It is nearly twenty hour I have been true to all men, in the Jordan school district bustrainago

snows since I learned my lesson. I white men and Indians, and yes, to crash. "He had planned so much on

started to learn it one cold morning the Great Spirit. being able to do such a thing himself."

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

JUNE COMES AGAIN {Continued from page 335) showers and an announcement tea time. His voice was clear, decided,

glass curtains made little dazzling but still respectful.

lights in her dark curls like sun on "Mother, dear,"Peggy Ann's "Dad, the trouble with you is that copper. And as Katherine looked smile was tolerant, "You don't you've forgotten you were ever

at Tommy she suddenly thought of seem to understand that I don't want young. All you think about is busi-

a picture in her old school book—those things. All I want is Tommy."ness. Why, I've known Peggy Ann

Viking ready for a storm. Katherine shut her eyes as Tommy's ever since she was a 'freshie.'I've

"It's no use. Mother,"Peggy hand closed over Peggy Ann's. always been crazy about her—or

Ann's voice had the cool assurance "What I would like to know,"maybe you wouldn't understand of youth. "We've made up our said Mrs. Brent, her nervous voice what that's like?"

minds."cutting indignantly through the quiet "But marriage, son! Great scott!

"But, darling,"Katherine was trythat followed, "is how things came You might be crazy about a lot of ing, different tactics now. "Can't to such a point without any of us girls before it's time to get married'."

you see how much better it would be parents knowing about it?"Tommy gave Peggy Ann a reto wait—even till fall? We'll make "Me, too,"puffed Mr. Brent, assuring smile.

a trousseau—we'll have a wedding "that's what I'd like to know.""Not a chance, Dad,"he said, and

reception. There'll be parties and Tommy spoke now for the first turned as though he had made a final

speech.

Katherine tried to fight off the sick feeling in the pit of her stomach.

Hopefully she turned to John. He ASK YOUR GROCER FOR just had to do something. He could forbid them to get married—he could

threaten them! FLEiSCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST even

"How old are you. Tommy?"

Helps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes John asked quietly. Oh, Katherine every day.

knew he would find a way.

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS The boy slipped unsteady fingers through his yellow hair. His eyes

delicious cherry, orange, strawberry, Seven lifted defiantly, flavors—lemon, quickly—almost raspberry, lime. pineapple, Gelatin for Royal Salad And use thought. Katherine salads, appetizers dishes. and main course

"Nineteen,"he clipped the single

ROYAL PUDDINGS word."Not of age,"John said. "You

can't marry without your parents'with Three wholesome arrowroot. Made flavors—Chocolate.

Vanilla delicious and Butterscotch. homemade ice consent."Also make

cream. "You're riaht, sir,"Tommy anROYAL BAKING POWDER beensweredcarefullyas thoughconsidered.the answer "Buthad

who'll know I'm only nineteen if I only nationallydistributed The baking powder made with cream tell them I'm twentyone?"

of tartar. Dependable and economical.

John's eyes found Katherine's and held them for a moment. The kids

had thought of everything and were determined to carry through their plans.

Katherine knew that things were

THE ADVERTISERSand Where You Will Find Their Messages getting dim before her eyes—the

American Roofing Co 324 Ogden School of Beauty Culture 372 room was stuffy. Gradually she let

Beneficial Life Insurance Company Provo School of Beauty Culture 373 herself tumble to the floor and remain

Back Cover Quish School of Beauty Culture 325 there quietly during the hubbub that

Brighara Young University 378 Rose Hill Memorial Park 377 followed.

Bread 376 381 Royal Oil Continental Co Dr. gave orders Jason!""Get John Stores Safeway 379 321 Products Corn Co lifted his while strong Katherarms Saltair Beach 380 Co 324 Star White Cunard Salt Producers'AssociaLake Milk sofa. ine the to Brothers 324 Cutler tion 356

Deseret Book Co 369 Shell Oil Co Inside Front Cover

Deseret News Press 382 Standard Brands, Inc 374 IvATHERiNE knew she

Ford T. Rose 381 Standard Oil Company of Calif. 375 could revive herself quickly if she

Globe Grain & Milling Co 357 Sugarhouse Lumber Co 321 wanted to. She really hadn't faintInternational Pacific Stages Harvester 325 323 Union Co

Inside 381 ed, but maybe if Peggy Ann thought Utah Engraving Back Cover Co KSL

L. D. S. Business College 326 Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 383 she had it might change the situaLandes Tractor Co 327 Utah Oil & Refining Co 327 tion. She wanted desperately to

Lankershim Hotel 378 Utah Poultry Prod. Coop. Ass'n 325 open her eyes to see what she was

College Strauss Levi 383 Woodbury 325 doing, but she kept them closed Yergensen Agency Mt. Fuel 380 Supply Co 376

Presently she could hear Peggy Ann.

at the telephone calling Dr. Jason.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

JUNE COMES AGAIN She could feel John's cool, strong John insisted on the sleeping pow- "Yes, dear."Strong, reassuring

hand on her forehead. She had a der Dr. Jason left, Katherine didn't fingers closed over Katherine's. "Itwinge of disgust for herself—she want to sleep—she needed to stay promise to find a solution—

hated women who had hysterics, but awake to think things out. *

something had to be done to make "I'll stay with you, Kay,"John youngsters realize what they were promised. It rained that afternoon.

doing to their parents. "Oh, John,"she reached for his Katherine awoke intermittently to

Katherine decided now to open big capable hand ( it was so nice to wonder what the tapping at her winher eyes—Mr. Brent might decide have John to cling to), "you will dowpane was, and then to thinkto throw some water on her face if figure a way out of this, won't you, vaguely, "It's raining—"Then

she didn't. dear? Promise me you'll find a soludrugged sleep would catch her

The first thing she saw was that tion to the whole thing?"{Continued on page 376)

deep crease between John's eyes.

Tenderness swept through her. It

wasn't John she wanted to worry.

for eyes searched her facing are PeggyQuickly oils, were They that Tommy. by NATION'S MOTORproblemsEXPERTStodayAnn and

the doorway to the dinette. Tomonce favored in spite of higher

my's big fair head was bent down prices, cannot answer.

close to Peggy Ann's dark one, whisThese experts report that modpering. ern motors punish oil as never

Katherine groaned, not from any before. Deposits may form,

physical discomfort. The groan took sticky at first and soon baking

the place of a frustrated wail. John to a hard varnish. Motor drag

was talking to her now in that low develops. Engines are hard topleadtag voice of his. "Come on, "OLDTYPE start and lose power.

Kay, brace up. The doctor will be "Engine varnish,"ring stickhere in a minute—ing, sludge and carbon are no The very thought of that roused OILS problem with ''RPM.''Our enKatherine. Dr. Jason was too clever gineers definitely planned a new

bluff to tricks him.for woman's any oil. the of knev about KIND We DO"lips WON'T let her she Ann,""Peggy problem. varnish employed We

little is word, theform "Where my oilmanufacturing methnew baby—Lubricants... formerly togirl—my have ods, and made "RPM"

Peggy Ann came to her then, but recommended... no day's most modern motor oil.

still too. held She cameTommy mileall the long has "RPM"on found deficient for modshe while with hand oneto Tommy oil in found age any you ever

sat on the sofa beside her Mother. ern motors. Standard plus the nev qualities that keep

"Feeling better, now. Mom?"this ansfers with a new it clean and keep your engine

in that light, carefree way the punishment clean under of of hers. KIND of oil, the 1939 Katherine or indifferent?Fearless today's operating conditions.

couldn't decide which, and it just RPM'-built for today's Try "RPM,"the NEW KIND of seemed wiser not to answer but to operating conditions. motor oil.

smile wanly and let her hand rest tenderly on Peggy Ann's dark curls. STANDARD OIL COMPANY When Dr. Jason came, he decided

rest and quiet would be the best OF CALIFORNIA thing for the remainder of the day;

in come the morningthen she must WE BREAK A office examifor a completeto the nation. John and Peggy Ann both TRADITION

followed Dr. Jason out to his car.

is tradition, Oil advertising Standard insisted on By Brent Mrs. Mr. and

it understates the merits conservative leaving them. with "TheTommy's

advertised. of the products Because

very idea,"scolded Mrs, Brent, "of new kind of motor oil is so necessarya your wanting to stay here with Mrs. today and because this NEW KIND ofSholls in such a condition—motor oil, "RPM,"is so clearly superior

They drove away with a reluctant to any oldtype oil, we're going to do it

Tommy, but not before Katherine full justice but no more than justice had seen his eyes meet Peggy Ann's—by saying to you—"RPM"is

in a look tender and clinging. TODAY'S No. 1 Motor Oil ''BUY"! After they had gone John and

Peggy Ann helped her to bed. She

tried and tried to catch her daughter's eyes. The A QUARTsolicitous, but unapproachable. girl seemed kind, THE NEW KIND OF MOTOR OIL 25 375

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

JUNE COMES AGAIN (Continued page from 375) pacing she the her feet floor?—packingagain. trunk? Once she was awake enough again—John—Peggyrain Ann—the John, where was he? And June

to have the whole morning incident Then she heard him in the basement It was early twilight when she flood her consciousness. She could moving boxes about-—sounded somereally awoke. June twilight after

hear Peggy Ann's light footsteps times as if he were unpacking things. rain! She arose and walked to the

upstairs, restlessly to and fro. Was Then the sleeping powder took efwindow feeling the breeze cool

against her face; the rich odor of

fresh earth and growing things made her nostrils quiver. All the world

was laboring to express itself. The

sungold'—whatin the westpoetwashadflamingsaid it wasred andlike

lilords of Praise theKatherineglory ofthought.God? AndTheitbranchwas, too,of

The Only Sounds You Hear aagainstbig boxelderher windowpane.tree swishedA lightlysparIt's good to know that your refrigerrow fluttered in the branches, and

Katherine could see it spread its ator will never hum, buzz or even wings to cover the blue eggs. Life!

whisper as it protects food, freezes Katherine thought, eternal life; creice cubes, makes frozen desserts. ation repeating itself in everything.

Then the father bird swept down

It's good to know there are no movthrough the sky, straight to the very ing parts in the freezing system to branch where the nest was cradled.

wear out or need repairs. Suddenly Katherine knew she must

tell Peggy Ann what marriage Only the gas refrigerator offers you meant—birth, pain, sacrifice. Yes, those advantages. It's permanently THe/y/FJP she would'tell her everything. Now

silent—permanently economical. Call insheTommy'sbelieved love,that thatall hermarriagejoy restedwas

at our nearest showroom and see the a lark, a honeymoon. Katherine's

beautiful new models—inquire about BLBCTROLUX fingers trembled as she fastened the

easy terms. blue satin dressing robe. She must

hurry to tell her!

Peggy Ann listened dutifully.

MOUNTAIN FUELfUPPLY COMPANY herShe bed.sat crossleggedThe floweredon cretonnethe foot ofof

her long housecoat covered her slight 36 So. State Serving Twentythree figure completely, she looked and

Salt City Lake Utah Communities the windowsill like the big doll on by the cedar chest. Katherine's quick

things—theeyes noted thedaintyfreshlysatinironednightgownundershe had given Ann for Christmas ly-

/ untouched. THE FAVORITE with Everyone! ing folded on top, virgin white and

Katherine sat before her daughter. All her mother's love glistened Taste is the thing that counts—and Royal Bread has that natural, substantial bread flavor you like. Always fresh—always appetizing in appearin her eyes. She must make her unance and delicious to eat. Royal Bread is also derstand. As her voice sped on,

good for your health and vitality. Aushe was even surprised at her own

thorities recommend good bread eloquence. Once when she told of

for people on reducing diets. her suffering when her own baby

They say a bread diet turns was born, quick fear flashed for a eyes, in but Ann's Peggy moment weight into energy. Ask - 4By wKKSKf Wm[ excess ten- a shining, replaced soon by was for Royal Bread by name.

der radiance. Katherine told of

their financial struggles-—poverty

years of hard work, sometimes they m had even been hungry! FINE "But you had Dad,"Peggy Ann ptMpL

EVERY DAY AT YOUR GROCER'S rfaO said the words simply, like a great truth.

ROYAL BAKING CO., Ogden and Salt Lake sheKatherineeven threatened.pleaded, Peggyshe argued,Ann's

100% HomeOwned George Mueller, President eyes were lifted as though she could [Concluded on page 378) MOUNT CUMORAHL. D. S. DIVISION OF ROSE HILLS MEMORIAL PARK

prominent addresses by after months of ininstrumen- leaders, church development,NOW,tensive

Southern California's beautal music, and songs by tiful new L. D. S. Cemetery men's and ladies'choruses.

is ready for its formal openCreated upon a site selected ing. If you live near Los by a committee of L. D. S

Angeles be sure to Church members, Moun1 attend the initial Cumorah is easily reached services on Sun- (see accompanying map) d a y, June 25, at over major boulevards. You

2:30 p. m. A proare cordially invited to atgram of interest to tend these opening services

all Church memwith your family and bers will include friends.

ROSE HILLS MEMORIAL PARK CEMETERY MAUSOLEUM COLUMBARIUM

Workman Mill Road, Whittier, Calif. Phone Whittier 4207

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

JUNE COMES AGAIN (Concluded Irom page 376) basement! What did he want with hiking clothes! John was lying on

still see the stars in spite of the blushthat? his stomach roasting weinies on a

pink ceiling in her bedroom or the "Look, dear, remember this?"he long stick. There were Mayme and

roof of the house above it. Her said kindly, putting the book on her Ernest, Ethel and Joe, Bob and Sue.

voice when she spoke was still heady lap after helping her to a sitting poThen she and John had left the gang hill towardwith youth, but Katherine heard sition with fluffy pillows behind her—walked on down theonly the ageless quality of a girl in back. "Here, move over a bit—I'll home—and John had told her, "Kaylove. sit here by you."—I love you—let's get married

"You mean well. Mother, and I let's tell our folks now!"

love you for it, but after all I have JLhe light from the shaded to learn these things for myself. bed lamp was focused on a picture IvATHERiNE was weeping.

And anyway,"her brown eyes were of herself when she was a "freshie."All the heartbreak of the long day

shining, not with tears but with anShe was standing knee deep in snow, came out in shaking sobs. John

ticipation, "I'll have Tommy to learn with her school book under her arm, gathered her in his arms. "You see,

them with me."a white tam pulled jauntily over one dear,"his voice took on that pleading

It was a defeated Katherine who eye. December, 1918, was written tone again, "you can't stop things

walked slowly back down the stairs. in white ink under the picture. like that. It's always June for somelay sheWearily upon down again little sweet, "You were one, Kay. 1939, Kay—a June 1919—Junethe bed. her illness morning This stubborn, sweet. mighty but still Reit I've difference. doesn't any make

this feigned, evening but beenhad that followed day?"member She that never sorry married we sick at heart. turned Sheshe was years. the back Yes, through John I love you when now we beendid—right to the face wallher mentally and she could they had remember how I did then—more than

traced the pattern that "Let's day. cut classes of the modernboth Katherine's eyes were fastened on

istic in flower the wallpaper. alone,"had get away John west. sunset in the whisthe Yes, it was

Then John came to the door, rappered, and they had hiked off a steady glow like that now. The

ped'gently to see if she were awake. through the snow, not feeling the fiery flame had gone but the glory

He had a book in his hand; Kathcold. was still there. It would be always

erine could see it was her old kodak John turned the page. There was and forever with John, Katherine

album, the one she had in college. the first time John told her he thought tenderly. "Now and through

Why, that had been packed in the couldn't live a week without her, eternity!"

bottom of the old tin trunk in the March, 1919, was written under that She turned to John. The radiance

picture. of the sunset had melted away the

forthis I'll never "And in frostiness eyes. her "John, you one—gee,

in get,"note a tense there John's was are that the twice lawyer I thought LANKERSHIM HOTEL the turned as pages over he 7th just big were. a & BROADWAY voice to you You've won

of the book. the middle "Remember S ED ESTABLISH case not."it or whether you know RAToi ETwins) (Double Choice Bed Double pictook Lynch Stubby $3.50 to followed eyes $3.00 the John's She $2.50

| President R. WISHON, FRANK weinie the ture up at old the bed. a roast—rememflashlight kodak album on

ber, Kay?"LOS ANGELES lawyer always backs good up "A - ONE CHARGE"TWO PERSONS June, 1919! Ten of them in their his plea the evidence,"with she said

with a wise smile.

, Katherine jumped briskly from the bed, "Come, dear, we have a lot to do to get ready for that wedding. QommsmxjufnsmL I hope it's a bright day."

"I think it will be,"said John,

This month the members of the largest graduating "The sun always comes out after class in the history of Brigham Young University will June rain."

leave its halls to take new places in the world. For

them, as for others before them, this time is not the end of education, but the commencement. Eight Points of

Graduates, teachers, and others whose thirst for Leadership knowledge never slackens, find that Summer School at the Church University is both delightful and [Continued from page 331 profitable. Ailment of God's work. Then he

THE SUMMER SESSION riseshis partwithouttowardanypossessionfurther attemptof leadon

First Term: June 13 to July 22 ership. One may be a leader,

Alpine Term: July 25 to August 26 though he sit in the last seat of the

wa,rd meeting. If he attain that

WRITE FOR A SUMMER CATALOG power of selfeffacement, he is infeel in low to be it good him; men will BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY deed a leader; for then men will folef- leader his presence. The who

PROVO, UTAH faces self becomes companionable.

(Concluded on page 380) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

'Three million sheep graze the plains of Wyoming.

&!- They represent an investment of around 170,000,000

M—make Wyoming the second biggest lamb state in |*"

the Union

TO UTAH FARMERS

/ found out it takes a big man to look after the interests of Wyoming sheep ranchers. 28Spound Byron Wilson

owns, with his brother, a 6000acre ranch on the North

Platte River. But Byron puts in most of his time being

secretary of the Wyoming Wool Growers Association.

That post and membership on the Executive Committee of the National Wool Growers Association keep him hustling. You II travel a long way without finding another man as wellinformed on lamb and

wool marketing as Byron Wilson. Facts and

figures he gave me are good news for every man who makes his living in agriculture. Mr.

Wilson read and approved this interview just as you see it here in print—

Your Safeway Farm Reporter

BYRON WILSON, SECRETARY Of WOOL GROWERS ASSOCIATION, TELLS HOW

The Chains Keep People Eating Iiamb

isn't "Naturally they got results. My figures show thatWITH SHEEP MEN nowadays production

much of a problem, according to ByronWilson. Safeway markets alone sold 1,068,000 pounds of

"We're mostly old hands at raising lambs,"he told lamb during the campaign—a 34% increase over

me. "Selling is where sheep men need help. That's the same period of the previous year. Of course the

why I'm mighty grateful for the chain store colamb market firmed up.

operation we've been getting. *'Good salesmanship did this—not pricecutting.

"As secretary of the Wyoming Wool Growers Safeway and the other chains paid producers the

Association I know to the pound the results of full market and sold top -grade lamb at regular producer - consumer lamb campaigns put on by prices. That producerconsumer drive, in my opinSafeway and other chains. Last fall this selling aid ion, not only increased lamb consumption for a few

put at least a dollar more per hundredweight in weeks—it opened up a permanently larger outlet.

the pockets of sheep men than they got at the same "Aside from these big special jobs, on lamb and time the year before. other products, the chains give selling support to

"In August and September Chicago market prices producers the yearround. We need the chain stores.

on lamb were dropping steadily. Then the chain Because their method cuts waste they are able to

stores went into action. In thousands of newspapers pay, and do pay, a fair price to the producer while

they advertised lamb at their own expense.They put still selling at an economical price to the consumer."

Tip window posters, displayed lamb in their markets. The Safeway Farm Reporter

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939 ppiiii EIGHT POINTS OF LEADERSHIP ( Concluded [rom page 378 must choose and let others choose.

A leader The Duty of Following seems to be—whatmust sincerelyhe pretendsbe whatto be.he

A SIXTH characteristic is that a great leader must be a great folThe Mark of Prayer lower. A man who can't follow can T AST—and I might have chosen

BATHING ON Saltaid's never rise to leadership. It is as twice as many marks of leaderBEUf important to learn how to follow as ship, but I think these eight marks

it is to learn how to lead, for over are the most important—last, a

all of us is someone higher. The leader is always prayerful. He recward president has a stake superinognizes that though he may be

tendent above him. Above him is the called to leadership, he is just a poor

general superintendent, and above human being with definite limitahim is a Priesthood organization, tions—that the best he can do is to

and above the Church is God. No be an instrument through which the

one can escape the duty of followgreater power may accomplish His ing. The duty of following is upon purpose. He turns to the Giver of

us all. all good things and prays to Him,

A leader must be willing to be sets his face toward the Almighty, to praise in return him; comes and I can make

strength to him, comes makes and I. A. You 'TO THE MUSIC OF 'adirected.better programI may forthinkM.

Jimmy Walsh & His Orcti. may think that you can. But the him a leader.

M. I. A. DAY- --June 9th inprogramauthorityhas overbeenus,madeand bywe thosemust walkMenhandwhoinarehandtruewithleadersGod,alwaysfigurbeprogram—withgood followersnoand quibbling,carry out thatno atively,their work.in theThereaccomplishmentis no substituteof

whimpering, no faultfinding. The that has ever been found or ever will

program may not be quite perfect; be found for the spirit of God as a

nothing else is quite perfect, but let helper to man. Nothing can take

us do our very best to carry it out to its place.

the limit. Then we begin to rise M, I. A. workers will rise to great

toward leadership. A leader who heights in this work, in this great Smtain is always finding fault with the proGod-inspired work, if they keep

gram and admiring himself by sayclose to the Almighty in all they do.

ing he could do it better, falls short Pray for guidance daily. Pour out

of leadership. I like that story about your heart to Him. Don't look for

I. A. leadership unless you talk carrying the message to Garcia—no M.

whimpering, no questioning. There to the Lord, and He will help; He

was a message and the order. The never fails, never disappoints.

young man carried the message Beyond this visible world is an inthrough and found his man. Don't visible world'. That is where we

attempt to modify the program became from, and that is where we are cause you don't like it. Man always going, sooner or later. The strength

makes a mistake, a great mistake, of mankind comes from communion when he attempts to be a law unto with the unseen world. God lives

himself. No man ever sets himself there. His powers come out of that

up as a law to himself if he wants world. I must have the strength of

to be a leader. God that makes me bigger, stronger,

more capable than a mere man could

The Mark of Sincerity be. Every M. I. A. worker is vitalKatheryn Yergensen, Mgr. HThere is still another mark of leadized by that communion with God.

ership. The leader sets a good Faith, love, understanding, perSuperintendents! example. He must conform to the sistent industry, selfeffacement,

law of the organization to which he being a good follower, sincerity, and

Board Members! belongs. He must be sincere. Inprayer—these are characteristics

sincerity defeats leadership. His that mark successful leadership in

Teachers! personal love must be sincere. He this or any other great cause.

WE ARE AT YOUR SERVICE EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS Yergensen (Continued from page 353) ideas. (See Sir G. Elliott Smith, Teacliers Agency

Street islands of the sea. What has been The Diffusion of Culture. 939 So. 12th East

Salt Lake City, Utah done in this case, within easy hisAsa side light on this theory, it is

Phone Hyland 7920 torical times, may have and probably interesting to note that the difhas been done with earlier religious fusionists are inclined to believe that

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

est all redeemed, be mankind, and eventhe center present our from which his chiltaught the Gospel to as A DAM. will. as the thus many Gospel.. Andculture diffused has Egypt; and was children's children. dren and his to the began preached, beginning, be from

that the diffusion began about 4000 being declared by holy angels sent forth Upon those who were worthy he years before Christ, {See Sir G. from the presence of God, and by his own conferred the Holy Priesthood. The

Elliott Smith, In The Beginning,) voice, and by the gift of the Holy Ghost. Gospel with its principles and pracall things thus unto were confirmed tices, powers, its Priesthood and holy ordinance, by an Adam, and the Gossite the were generally known among Thesetheories—thetwo contendingindependentand oppode- And pel preached, forth, that sent a decree and

thereof; followers and thus of equal schoit was. Nowvelopmentries—have and the diffusion theoit should be in the world, until the end people of Adam's long day. this Satan succeeded in those early Priesthood, beginwhich was..in. thelastic standing. the indesame As said,

to turn righteous days from shall in ning, the of the be many end worldpendent theory development has. also. father our unto spake.. And lives. Adam sinfully. lived people These the fashionable forbeen one some it is said: that the Lord, and men Why associthey departed Yet, as fromtime. scientific the history of in repent But baptized water? and must be And ation the Lord, of people the with I said the unto Behold have Lord Adam: is fall in risetheories that they and

carried the they with knowlthem in the thee transgression thy forgiven Garpopularity to time. time from The

... it to pass, of Eden. den came of And of parts the Gospel. Such edgediffusion theory the soon be may the with Lord spoken had our Adam, one when fit it their to as they needs seemedin best standing. father, that the cried Lord, unto and Adam recoften warped beyond Spirit of the the retained, caught he by was away Saints agree Latterday with both of ognition. But, the from days into the carried water, Lord, was and down these differ theories in part,of and

the laid water, and diffused under truth and was was Gospel was Adam, in part.with them thus forth the of water. out brought And earth. the the of peoples among

Revelation, the communication of he was baptized, and the Spirit of God man with God, lies fundamental in descendedof the Spirit,uponandhim,becameand thusquickenedhe wasinbornthe theTheflood.sameNoah,thinga happenedrighteous afterman,

the Gospel structure. Every man inner man. And he heard a voice out of knowing the Gospel and holding the

into earth the receiveborn art may baptized with saying: heaven Thou salthe of Priesthood, plan taught

is fire, This Ghost. the with Holy and guidance throughknowledge and of doctrines the the vation the Gosand the Father, Son, the of from record and Spirit.the omnipresent Should Holy generation. pel after to his art forever; thou day and and Some henceforth and

the will it be of Lord, there the beginof without the order him was who the listened heard obeyed, more andcould reason be no two why years, of from or end of men, ning days Selfhearts. unwilling with all message

all eternity. art Behold, thou to eternity separated, inaccessiblewidely and

full precedes acceptance conquest in and thus son a me, of God; one may other, receive to the not shouldone

through revelation the same truths. allPrice,becomeMosesmy5:6-9,sons. 56,Amen.59; 6:7,(Pearl53,of6468.)Great of the Gospel.( ConcludedNevertheless,on page even383

To that extent, the doctrine of "independent development"can be accepted by Latterday Saints.

Historically, however, the doctrine of diffusion seems to LatterChange to OILPLATING day Saints the more likely in exDrain and refill with Conoco Germ Proplaining the rehgious -and cultural cessed oil and then your engine's OILsimilarities of the varying religions PLATED. That comes from the aciual

and races of men. Modern revelaunion of this patented oil direct with

tion, through the Prophet Joseph inner engine surfaces.

Smith, has given the clue. Adam Never all Summer, with Germ Prowas taught the Gospel, was bapcessed oil, can your engine suffer rasptized, received the gift of the Holy ing "dry starts"... not vrith every

Ghost, and was ordained to the square inch always oiled in advance by

It It on. drainproof stays OILPLATING. Priesthood. are not While details

oillevel the up. to slay OILhelps Your given, the inference seems justified

oil engine Processed and Germ PLATED that the father of the human race will both be giving you plus mileage.

received a knowledge of the fullness Change today to Your Mileage Merof the Gospel, and all its gifts. We chant. Continental Oil Company

know that he was ordained a PrePriest. siding High

days an angel of the CONOCO GERM many And after

Lord appeared unto Adam, saying: Why

dost thou offer sacrifices unto the Lord? And Adam said unto him: I know not, PROCESSED OIL

save the Lord commanded me. And then

the angel spake, saying: This thing is a

similitude of the sacrifice of the Only Begotten of the Father, which is full of grace and truth. Wherefore, thou shalt do all that thou doest in the name of the Son, and UltDDIdG flOflOUOCfdlfllTS IWE OrfER...

thou shalt repent and call upon God in the OR INVITATIONS (ALL PANELED) A COMPLETE SERVICE ENGRAVING foreverraore. of the Son And in name that Inn From Missionary Portraits to the Largest UU In IncludingBeautiful Envelopes—FromStyles of Letlering PUuUflJC Rfj which Ghost day the fell upon Adam, Holy Catalogues

Satisfaction Guaranteed the of Son, record Father Mail beareth Attention and the Prompt Given for Postage Prepaid Orders Write Samples—All the of Begotten saying: Only I am UTAHOrders CO. ENGRAVING Salt 3rd Ave.. Lake the nny henceforth the beginning, and St. Father from City 113 Salt City, Regent Lake T1. Utah D/OirHUOt., SS5 r Phone 8081-M Was. UKU

forever, that as thou hast fallen thou may381

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

SOLUTION OF MAY PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Temple's Greater Glory-(Haggai 2:9))

hi,'x R L F Q s H A L Wm H A E p E K A H T A u R A s 1 A N 'X S A V 1 K R 'N Y < c H -R 1 s T > H E 'iii.B E 555 G R E A T as

C A 1 T> G E s C 1 X B R A -R -R A s S> A L 8> V E 1 N c A U L fe? s A V E c

U N T E H E T N fe s m 1 '- H R E A S T E R E Mli

1 A H E V M B N $$ W m fj -R E E A 1 C s E T A 5 F E A R T H T H E

ct s flew I onvementjI expensive.'I

WHAT?

Our New, Convenient, InexACROSS pensive readymade Binder 1 "bring wood... build the house"36 "dwell... your cieled houses"

for keeping your Improve- 4 "I will take pleasure... it"37 Compass point

... day will I bless you"6 "from of Solomon's aim men; 38 One accesreadily Eras ment

assembly (anag.) An sible with minimum a (pi.) chief 'leutonic of 1012 gods blossom "and The as the..."39

trouble. 14 The temporary houce of worship 42 Handwriting

that was replaced by the temple 43 "I am with you,... the Lord"

These binders are durable, 17 North America 45 "I will shake... heavens"

attractive, and so made that 18 "thy house, and the... where 48 Exclamation used to frighten

thine dwelleth"honour as a (Gr. Myth.) Earth goddess 50 issues be can whole year's a

... fill this house the with glory""Set pot, great 19 "I and... 51 on kept, issue by conveniently

.. glorified". will 21 be "and pottage"

issue, ready for immediate 22 "should... to come short of it"53 City of Spain

reference. 23 "O Lord, rebuke me not in thine 56 "run down as waters, and rightanger"begins this Psalm eousness as a mighty..."

And the price is only $1.25 25 "of thine... have we given thee"57 "came the word of the..."

Testament "every books Old 58 work per binder! 27

"the 28 mountain of God, even to speaketh.. the. theirLordhands"of...""Thus 59

windisplay in our See them."

. shall "as is to able 30 be he 1, 4, 6, 18, from Haggai Our Text

8, South No. Main dow, to thine be "and house". 33... 19, 21, 30, 45, 57, 33, 43, 58,

."call Street,. at. 29 Richards or in "sojourned 35 Abraham and combined 59

Street, for full particulars.

DOWN 1 Love feast of the early Christians 29 Wood sorrel 2 "planted thee a... vine"30 Precious stone

3 "let him tell a..."31 Plant

Recovery 5 National Act is its capital 32 Richmond unto her,THE 6 "and said... cumi"point 34 Compass

7 "and thou shalt bruise his..."35 Frisk

8 "Who... left among you"37 Canadian provinceDESERET 9 "I will be sorry for my..."40 Haggai is in this part of the Bible

10 "bless the Lord... all times"41 Chest, a combining form

11 13 down is one 42 Measures "token God's 13 "grayheaded of a covenant"given 44 very and men"NEW after the flood In the battle the. Philistines.. with A6 29 Richards Street

river 15 Russian this David was

Salt Lake City, Utah 16 Canada West 47 "the... of his garment"(pi.)

20 Learning 49 Egg, a combining form

Prompt Attention Given to 22 "... my spirit remaineth"51 Sunday School

Mail Orders and Inquiries 24 Mischievous 52 Head covering 26 "... will serve the Lord"54 A Benjamite; reversed, a state

I? Crowded 55 Hawaiian bird

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1939

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS {Concluded from page 381 ter than none. However, any such stance of the Ten Commandments

those who refused full obedience, system can only be an approach to is found in the code of Hammurabi took of the Gospel such truths as the covenant people which is the makes little impression upon Latterthey desired, and without authority objective of the Gospel. day Saints who understand the

built their religions in imitation of Sacred history leaves the convicspread of the knowledge of truth the full truth. tion that in the increasing purpose from Adam and Noah. The truths

This explains to Latterday Saints of the Lord with respect to the huembodied in the Ten Commandthe many striking similarities among man family, such peoples as have ments are part of the Gospel as the nonChristian and Christian renot been prepared for the Gospel taught to Adam. They were difligions. The early knowledge of the have been given parts of it, as much fused among mankind. They were

Gospel has spread over the earth, as they could comprehend. Rememsummarized and restated by the

as men have so spread, and as interber that the Higher Priesthood was Lord to Moses and preserved in communication among nations has taken from Israel in the wilderness that form for the benefit of Israel continued. The founders of the because of their unfitness for the and all the world. Much foohsh

great world religions, and of less higher privilege. This view seems Bible faultfinding disappears in the

important ones, for that matter, have well confirmed by the following light of modern revelation.

used to their liking, often in their passage from the Book of Mormon: Such then is the answer to the

desire to serve their own people, For behold, the Lord does grant unto all query at the head of this writing, parts of the truths of the Gospel. nations, of their own nation and tongue,

It may be that these founders to teach his word, yea, in wisdom, all that {Editor's Note: A series of arwere led by inspiration to assemble he seeth lit that they should have. (Alma ticles dealing with Christian similarthe truths of the Gospel for the use 29:8.) ities in nonChristian religions will

of their fellow men. Even a minor The person who rails at Old Tessoon appear in The Improvement

Gospel truth is a blessing, and bettament accuracy because the subEra,)

left States Mission for the Northern during April were visited and by MayThe Church Moves On in with President Bryant company S. Charles the of Deseret member J. Ross,

{Concluded from page 362) Hinckley. Touring the European misSunday School Union general board,

the plum in the contest, and, to their sions is Elder Joseph Fielding Smith. and his wife, Sister Isabelle S. Ross,

everlasting credit, the Mormons Rufus K. Hardy of the First Council first assistant general superintendent of

'brought in'the last division."of Seventy left the latter part of April the Primary association. They repreMany of the episodes in the picture to visit the Tahitian Mission. sented general authorities of the Church

"Union Pacific"were filmed in southern Sunday School and Primary assoat the Oahu Stake quarterly conference

Utah. (See "When the Rails Came ciation groups in the Hawaiian Islands in April.

West,"Improvement Era, February, 1939, page 77.)

E R I C A'S F I N E S T O V E R A L LNEW M. I. A. GENERAL AM

BOARD APPOINTMENTS SINCE 1853 HThe Young Men's General Board of the M. I. A. announce the appointof of thement T. Earl Pardoe, head THERE'S A REASON—LEVI'Sspeech department at Brigham Young imitate can't Others LEVI'S!

University. His assignment is to the

Community Activity section of the

Board and dealing particularly with speech and drama. LEVI STRAUSS A NEW PAIR FREE

At the same time Dr. Pardoe's apceo. -/ IF THEY RIP

pointment the announced was by Y. M. NONhis wife, that of Kathryn I. A,M. B. saRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS thePardoe, announced was by Young

Women's General Board of the M. I.

A. Her assignment is also in the speech

and drama sections of the Community

Activity committee.

GENERAL AUTHORITIES There are many who suffer loss

VISIT MISSIONS "Decent assignments to members of Be prudent the of the Council Twelve have Avert it by far afield.taken Elder Melvin them

J. Ballard accompanied President WilINSURANCEliam W. Seegmiller on a tour of the

States Mission. AfterWestern atThis organisation writes insurance always of the highest quality, exmeeting of the nationaltending a

ecutive board of Boy Scouts of AmerCity, Elder George Yorkica in New UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. visitedAlbert the Smith East Central

States Mission with William T. Tew, HEBER I. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

Jr., president. Elder Joseph F. Merrill

.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY ENGLISH VS. ALL COMERS

the studying of his relating experience Frenchman was A calendar. the specific time word The on means '"Tate"

said: language. is English He L-'legitimate the for substitute in as a usage not good

fast; I I if quick, I first that discovered was was "When "appointment."or "engagement"words

fast, I I if freely, if I I fast; tied, spent too that was was was Examples:

fast, I to discouraged. But when to that eat not was and was is inclusive."9-11, for from date Conference June June "The

first dollar I one the sentence, one across one 'The won came dentist."the "I with appointment have an

I language."prize,'English learn trying the to gave up acceptprevents "I a previous sorry, engagement but my am

ing your invitation."KNOWS BETTER NOW

60 West Broad Street, "At twenty you left the country and came to the city. And

Dear Editor: Mt. Vernon, New York, for twentyfive years you've been working very hard. What

for?"testimonial from ever a should a member need Era THE of "To get money to live in the country."IF

its felt will give really you loss, I hope has Branch a who

I feelings not record. putting of on do opportunity an my me WASTE! NO

... it. along the in without get family see Church can any how everyat everything and village old grumbled woman An this the will that without family never be sure can be You to to try village the determined had of bishop body. The I see to last night pleased a In over glancing copy was Era. complaint. thought she find which no about had something He the that attractive, been not the format that cover had so was

it of potatoes, crop old which in the lady's he found had

I ediinspirational the appreciably, read and two changed be finest around. must miles once for "For you the was initials, torials /. that the bore A. W. the he said, as a smile, with woman met bishop the pleased,"

saying front cottage. "Everybody's in of her how splendid (Signed)

glowered at him "The are this year."potatoes woman your Beneta Wallis.

the bad where's But not so bad. "They're answered: she as

OFFICE OF THE DANISH MISSION potatoes for pigs?"

PRIORVEJ 12, COPENHAGEN F., THESE MODERNS DENMARK

March 17, 1939. Grandfather cut down trees and split firewood with an axe,

Dear Brother: walked beside the wagon in zero weather, carried the lines

... Let me again compliment you on your very fine Era. over his shoulder and whipped his hands around his body

It is the only English publication that I encourage my Elders to keep from freezing. Now the grandson thinks he is

to read and study. roughing it if he has to drive the sedan without a heater.

Ever wishing you continued success in your work, I remain

Sincerely your brother, LOOKS LIKE ONE (Signed) Mark B. Garff.

March 16, 1939.

WISH you could see the way the members in England

I appreciate the use of the Eras sent over from the missionaries. As soon as the Elders are through they see use until

the covers are literally worn off. We appreciate the continued

improvement of the magazine and its genuine quality. We

commend you on a very worthwhile and efficient job.

Sincerely your brother, (Signed) Aldon J. Anderson,

British Mission Bookstore.

313 Churchill Avenue, Subiaco, West Australia.

Dear Brother:

FROM far away Perth we send our thoughts of appreciation for the Eras we receive each month (down here underbelow)

Even though it takes one month for news from Zion to reach "I couldn't serve as a juror, Judge. One look at that fellow

us, we find the Eva causes us to forget the 12,000 miles convinces me he is guilty."

separating us. "Sh-h-hl That's the district attorney."

Wishing you success in your good work, we are

Lamar Wright Balls HE KNEW THE ANSWER Harold J.G.

Edwin J. Holmgren Sailor: "Waiter, call the manager, I can't eat this."

Carmen Christensen (District Pres.) Waiter: "It's no use, he won't eat it, either."

Dear Brethren: ONE ENOUGH FOR HIM

I in the labor to here I Started Mission have Canadian SINCE is glad sho'wasn't King Solomon."Mose: "Ah Ah I its is to realize readers. the to valuable come Era how 'pinion?"dat Rastus: has yo'"Whaffer

it for sure anything. the other I'm without won't be now huntin'fob washin's "Huh, one up Mose: wife keeps me

I feel in missionaries the here same toward do Ottawa way plenty busy."

It helps than of the Church."out more Voice... you "The

field Its realize. can is so broad and inclusive that it is truly DEPENDABLE WIFE of the Church. the organ

Sincerely your brother, Doctor: "Mose, do you think it's right for you to leave

Orson B. Spencer. your wife working over a wash tub while you go fishing?"

224 Arlington Ave., Ottawa, Ont., Canada. Mose: "Oh, yassuh, she'll work jes as hard as if I was

Canadian Mission. home watchin'her."

For Summer

Radio Hours

Through nearly eighteen years, KSL has

brought its listeners a schedule increasingly rich

in entertainment value and pleasure. This summer,

this station and the Columbia Broadcasting System

combine to present programs welcomed in every

home.

In drama and education, KSL invites you to

listen regularly to such outstanding programs as

"Americans at Work", "Men Against Death", "Foundations ol Democracy", "What Price America", "Let's Pretend."For your musical enjoyment,

Columbia's summer offering includes the Sunday evening concerts of the New York Philharmonic

Orchestra, the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music

Saturday programs, Columbia's Music Hour on

Mondays, the Music Hour on Sunday evenings.

To these, KSL adds its own timely presentation

of particular interest to the Internurjin West.

I- r I.11., I. jTitSKSBmm'ii

ror a summer ot brilliant radio enjoyment, you will

find KSL your station of distinct features in drama,

in music, in entertainment and in news.

THE VOICE

OF THE WEST KSL yieti lyiote yiote