FourWitnesses of the Book of Mormon (see page 14) FLOOR

**m fffTSJ

Creates an Exciting New Cortpepi in Floor Design;

The rich, warm, earthy colors and the intriguing patterns of Intrestado floor tile (seven of them) lend themselves perfectly to exciting floors for residential, commercial, industrial, educational and religious structures. Particularly striking in hallways and foyers, on stairways and on patios. Intrestado offers so many

other advantages too, including permanent colors, durability and minimum maintenance.

Leading designers are now specifying Intrestado...

another great new product by:\ Interstate

\\\rf Brick Co.

1 100 EASTINTEESTATE r /; COMPANY 3100 -SOUTH;

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Cover Note The Voice of the Church Four witnesses of the Book of Mormon, as are sculptured by Ed Fraughton, shown on September 1968 left, cover. this Beginning month's at upper

they are Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer, Volume 71, Number 9

Martin Harris, and Emma Smith, the Prophet's wife. Copies are now in chapels or visitor

centers in Australia, New Zealand, Scotland,

South Africa, Switzerland, Hawaii, London, Special Features

Los Angeles, and Logan and Salt Lake City, 2 Editor's Page: The Rapids Below, President David 0. McKay

Utah. On page 14 are personal testimonies 3 The Soul of a Prophet, Marion D. Hanks

from these witnesses. See also "The Second

8 A Living Presence, Dora D. Flack

Witness of Priesthood Restoration"by Dr.

Richard Lloyd Anderson, page 15. 10 Roosevelt and the Children, Francis Donahue

14 Testimonies of Four Witnesses of the Book of Mormon

Statement From the 15 The Second Witness of Priesthood Restoration (Part 1), Dr. Richard L.

First Presidency on Anderson Political Activities 32 The Long Hot Summer of 1912 (Part 2), Karl E. Young

The approaching political elections in 66 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 5, Facsimile No. 1,

the United States suggest again the Dr. Hugh Nibley

wisdom of reviewing the counsel of the

First Presidency on political matters: Regular Features

"We reiterate the advice given by the 6 Teaching: The Parable, Dale LeCheminant

leaders of the Church from time to time that it is the duty of every citizen to 26 The Era Asks About Church Schools exercise the voting franchise in accor58 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

dance with his or her convictions. We Obeying the Law, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

have not in the past, nor do we now seek 60 Lest We Forget: The Church in Texas, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

to bring coercion or compulsion upon the membership of the Churcb as to their 82 Today's Family: The Lunch Brigade, Florence B. Pinnock

political actions. On the contrary, we 84 Major Genealogical Record Sources in Denmark

have urged and do now urge that all 88 The LDS Scene citizens, men and women, vote according 90 Buffs and Rebuffs to their honest convictions. The voter

should study this government and make 92 The Church Moves On up his mind as to what he wishes his 94 These Times: The Question of Political Realignment, Dr. G. Homer

government to be, and then, if he is so Durham minded, vote for the one he believes will 96 End of an Era most nearly carry out his ideas about 62, 73, 74, 76, 79 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

our government and its free institutions.

"The General Authorities of the

Church as such do not favor one political Era of Youth party over another; the Church has no 4156 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

candidate or candidates for political office; we do not undertake to tell people

how to vote. We do, however, most Poetry

earnestly urge every 'citizen of our be- 5, 65, 81, 93 Poetry loved country to take advantage of the privilege and opportunity to participate DavidEleanorEra of 0.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock,Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell.Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof JonesYouth Gabbatt,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd,

representalocal primariesin the where

Jr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibiey,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott. BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business political parties tives of will be G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer Smith,andDurham,Subscription both

of Saints, Latterday by of and The Association the Superintendent. Mutual Improvement Young General their exercise that they selected, and a reserved.Christ Subscription advance; Men'sof of of Christ Latterday Associations Jesus 1968.$3.00 The Improvement price;price, for single threeyear a inexcept to Allyearof year. years, 35t Churchyears, rightsJesusadded subscriptions, the year,publishedcopy, 3 $8.25; each succeeding Saints.$2.50Church Mutualmultiple $5.75; 2

special issues. their wishes to franchise makeGodgiven for rate special in section provided 1103, at postage for of class matter. mailing Utah, Office. Salt Acceptance second as at Lake the City,2, 1918. July Post1917, October Enteredact

authorizedis for and contributions. are paid must be Manuscripts on acceptance for polls. welcomes responsible manuscripts not but ofImprovement The election at theknown sufficientEra for delivery unsolicitedand postage by accompanied

slip issue a of the include please recent magazine. for address Address from required of ordering address. change, Thirty change notice return.When days'

is included. well old the as as address aone unless the new be cannot ismade changes First Presidency""The

of( Lettermissionsto presidentsin the USA,of stakesSeptemberand 2,presidents1966.) OfficialSystem, organand otherof theagenciesPriesthoodof TheQuorums,Church ofMutualJesus ImprovementChrist of LatterAssociations.day Saints. TheHomeImprovementTeaching Committee,Era, 79 SouthMusicState, Committee,Salt Lake City,ChurchUtah School84111

September 1968 The Editor's Page

The Rapids Below

By President David O. McKay

As I recall the influences upon my life, I believe the by the unlimited availability of liquor. That is why

greatest in my youth was the memorizing of that I issued this statement on May 11, 1968, as petitions important saying: "My spirit will not dwell in an unwere beginning to be circulated to place a "liquorby-

clean tabernacle."thedrink"proposal on the November ballot in Utah.

I recall other warnings. One came to me as a "Citizens of Utah are now being approached to sign

boy. I sat on a spring seat by the side of my father petitions to place on the November election ballot a

as we drove into Ogden. Just before we reached the socalled 'liquorby-thedrink'proposal. It is said

bridge across the Ogden River, a man came out of that this is being done in the name of creating an a saloon on the north bank of the river. I recognized enforceable law.

him; I liked him because I had seen him on the "Let no one be misled concerning the real intent.

stage. But on that occasion he was under the influ- "The true purpose is to make liquor more easily

ence of liquor, and had been, I suppose, for several available.

days. "The complaint is made that enforcement is virWhen he saw us, he broke down and cried and tually impossible under the present law. If this is

asked father for 50 cents to go back into the saloon. true, the prevailing deplorable condition results from

As we drove across the bridge my father said: "David, methodical removal of state enforcement machinery

he and I used to go ward teaching together."and practical nullification of local enforcement.

That was all he said, but it was a warning about "This situation can be remedied through legislative the effect of dissipation that I have never forgotten. action to restore enforcement provisions or otherwise

A little later, a teacher gave us a story to read modify the present statute without the board proabout a group of young people sailing down the St. posal now designed to make liquor available in

Lawrence River. I cannot give you the author; I hundreds of restaurants and eating places throughout

cannot give you the title; but I can give you the the state, and which, according to provisions of the

memory that has stayed with me, about those young proposed statute, would make it possible to serve folks who were drinking and carousing and having drinks even without food.

a "good time"in the boat sailing down that river. A "We may expect specious arguments emphasizing

man on the shore, realizing the dangers ahead of economic benefits. A member of the First Presidency

them, cried: "Hello there! The rapids are below you!"speaking in April Conference said, 'Surely every

But they ignored this warning, and defied him. mother, father, and worthy citizen can see the folly

"We are all right,"they said, and they continued in of this and what it would do to our youth. We must

their jocularity and indulgences. Again he cried out: not sell our heritage for a mess of pottage.'

"The rapids are below you,"and again they gave no "I urge members of the Church throughout the heed to his warning. State, and all citizens interested in safeguarding youth

Suddenly they found themselves in the rapids. They and avoiding the train of evils associated with alcohol,

immediately began to row for the shore, but it was to take a stand against the proposal for 'liquor by the too late. I remember just the words of the last paradrink.'

graph: "... but cursing, yelling, over the rapids, over That proposal will now be on the ballot November

the falls they went."5. I urge each citizen of Utah to prayerfully study

Negative? Yes. But many in the stream of life are everything available concerning this liquor proposirowing just that way. tion so that they may with wisdom, in the privacy of

I am deeply concerned about the personal and the voting booth, exercise the great privileges of communitywide problems that can be and are created citizenship. O

Improvement Era

To honor President David 0.McKay,

whose 95th birthday is celebrated on September 8,1968,

The Improvement Era

respectfully prints this tribute

The Soul ofa Prophet

By Elder Marion D. Hanks*

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

It is said that a great man is "one of those rare One morning in the temple as President McKay souls who sees sermons in stones and books in brooks, addressed all the brethren who had come, fasting and and the bright light of God over everything. Across praying, to prepare for a general conference, he

a reverently gay and gentle lifetime he has had eyes calmly appraised them and then said something so to see and ears to hear music which most of us miss."simple that any one of us might have thought of it,

It could be as well said, and maybe better said, of yet none likely would have. He did, and I have not

President David O. McKay as of any other man. forgotten the feeling as I looked at him and heard

In the clarity of his vision, the keenness of his intelhim say (and I must paraphrase for want of specific lect, the scope of his knowledge, the depth of his words, but I think I have not forgotten), "We have wisdom, David O. McKay stands a paragon. Poets, met this morning with our bodies cleansed and clothed

philosophers, prophets, all are within his ken—their in clean linen, our minds prepared, our spirits subthoughts stored in his memory through hours invested dued, to await the direction of the Lord."

and hard labors performed. His perceptive mind, his Would this be a good pattern for living every day

noble character, his generous nature have translated, for every man?

refined, applied, made wisdom the amalgam of his His consideration is unfailing, his courtesy also.

learning and his love. To him the words of a friend Recently I talked with him in his office, entering to

seem particularly appropriate: "I gave it and gave it find him seated as usual behind his desk. He had not

and gave it until it was mine."been feeling well; he was not strong. To another

What to President McKay has mattered most? person in such circumstances, it possibly would not

Wherein has been the emphasis? Recall the teachhave occurred to try to rise to greet a visitor, but I

ings of his great ministry, his instructions to his had to all but restrain President McKay as he fought people. These few I note: to get to his feet to bid me welcome. That sweet

Faith in God and Christ... a Christlike character experience brought a tear to my eye.

... living outside one's self in love... a life worthy It led me to remember another day during the first

of trust, a clean and wholesome life... nobility of months of my ministry when I had been asked to

soul... education, discipline of the mind... speak at a Primary general conference. Thinking

Cultivation of the beautiful and the uplifting... myself to be free on the appointed day, I had accepted

wise courtship, good marriage, family unity, family an invitation to address the opening meeting and prayer... the sanctity of the home... honoring was distressed then to receive an invitation to attend

womanhood and motherhood... exemplary manhood at the same hour the regular preconference meeting

... honoring parents and heritage... of the brethren in the temple, which was called a little

Courtesy, good manners, gentility... hard work, earlier than usual. When the ladies learned of this

service above self... true patriotism, love of counconflict, they were, of course, concerned, their protry... every member a missionary... teaching that gram having been prepared and printed, difficult

which has come to him from God. to change.

How well President McKay has applied his ideals, I asked the counsel of several other good men, fleshed in their skeleton, breathed into them the spirit President McKay being away for the moment, and of life! Rather than describe, let me illustrate with was assured by each that it was my responsibility to

these incidents from my own experience. be at the meeting in the temple, notwithstanding my

commitment to the Primary people, and I sorrowfully

a tribute "From given at by on Elder Hanks March 19, 1968, Brigham prepared to do that.

University the occasionYoung of the presentation of on the Exemplary

Manhood award to President McKay. When President McKay returned, I had occasion

September 1968 "I don't believe our generation will ever produce a man like that"

to mention the dilemma to him. His immediate answer was to reassure me that I must be at the meeting to which I had committed myself, and that I

should so inform the ladies.

In the temple on the appointed day President

McKay arose and announced to all the brethren in the beginning that I had been committed to a Primary appointment, and then he rearranged that whole meeting in order that I, the least of them, and certainly the least important, might be in attendance for the sacred purposes that had brought us together.

And then I was excused to fulfill my commitment. It

seemed a small thing, but not to me; and I wondered,

I confess, what other man would have been so gracious and so considerate under those circumstances.

To some, on occasions, an interview may seem like an interrogation or even an inquisition. Occasionally

honest persons are alienated because they resent the nature of the questions asked, or the attitude of the interviewer.

One of the sweet aspects of an interview with President McKay, as anyone knows who has had the experience, is that while one is with him he has the full attention—the eyes, the ears, the interested heart—

of a great man. I shall never forget an important

interview I had with the President of the Church. I

have never seen fit to discuss it in detail in public, and I do not intend to do so now, but I would simply like to note the nature of his questions and the spirit of the man who asked them. It was a forthright and

intensive interview, but it was an exchange, and the questions that brought from me what he wanted to hear were questions like this (note the nature of his asking): "Are you fully loyal to your family?""Are

there any improper involvements or alliances outside your home?""Are there any unresolved problems in

your life?"Who could resent or who could answer

falsely such gracious and gentle and courteous questions?

Two other incidents bespeak clearly the wholeness, the wholesomeness, and the inspiration with which

God has blessed this great man.

I was leaving for Vietnam shortly before the Christmas season. I had a brief interview with President

McKay to receive a message he wanted carried to our men in the bush and the rice paddy. He kept me

longer than I had intended, anxious to hear, apparently, my plans and prospects for this mission. InterImprovement Era

estingly, he didn't commiserate with me or sympathize and his family were all in tears, and I listened to this a bit when he learned that the projected absence internationally famous man say these interesting might involve the holiday season away from my words: "I have enjoyed the experience of meeting

family. What he said was, "What a wonderful priviwith kings and rulers, and I have seen leaders of

lege for you to be going!"many kinds in many lands, but I have never met a

When we were through, that great hand reached man like that. I don't believe our generation will

out and touched me lightly on the knee, and he said ever produce a man like that."

something that seemed to me to summarize the glory Later he repeated this statement to a group of uniof his ministry and a noble lifetime. "Tell them of versity professors in the city, complimenting them on

this exchange of love,"he said. "Tell them of this the blessing of living in an area near the available

exchange of love."influence of the greatest man he had ever met.

It was not the words of love to which he was It was said of prophets long ago, and it can be said referring, but the sweetness and beauty of the feelwith equal validity of David O. McKay:

ing in his heart, which I am sure he knew was recip- "And... [he] did walk in the ways of the Lord,

rocated in my own. I wonder if that isn't really what and he did keep his commandments, and he did judge

life is all about—to have the capacity to feel and the righteous judgments...."(Mosiah 29:43.)

strength to communicate, to exchange love. 'And they did wax strong in love toward [him];

An appropriate estimate of President David O. yea, they did esteem him more than any other

McKay was given by a prominent labor leader whom man...."(Mosiah 29:40.)

I was privileged to escort to an interview with him, "... and this was [his] faith..., and his heart

together with the man's wife and two daughters. It did glory in it;... in doing good, in preserving his

was a remarkable experience—there was laughter, people, yea, in keeping the commandments of God,

good humor, sometimes conversation that seemed a yea, and resisting iniquity.

little light, sometimes very serious, in this half hour "Yea, verily, verily I say unto you, if all men had or so. been, and were, and ever would be, like unto [this

All of us enjoyed the interview; there was no posman], behold, the very powers of hell would have

turing, no posing, no declaiming—just the simple, been shaken forever; yea, the devil would never have

warm, generous, inspired friendliness exuding and power over the hearts of the children of men."

expressing itself. When we left the room, the man (Al. 48:1617.) o

Prophet of Peace By John M. Wallace

/ stood apart from a man of men, I stood apart from a long life of toil

And beyond in timeless space; In the Garden of Peace, sublime.

His ivorks have fashioned a monument Through dark skies his faith spells the promise

TJiat iveathering years ivill not erase. Of God's peace on earth, in our time.

I stood apart from a servant of Him I stood apart as hearts were filled

Who sits on that great white throne. With the strains of a song of love,

His monument is a spire of grace A song that was wafted on angels'wings

Built from God's work alone. From the Garden of Peace above.

September 1968 the many God has given to the Teaching

Conducted by the Church, that is perfect in its fulChurch School System ness. The revelations of God contain correct doctrine and principle,

so far as they go; but it is

impossible for the poor, weak, low... inhabitants of the earth to receive a revelation from the Almighty in all its perfections. He

has to speak to us in a manner to meet the extent of our capacities....

"The laws that the Lord has given are not fully perfect, because the people could not receive them in their perfect fulness; but they

can receive a little here and a little there...."(Journal of Discourses, The Parable Vol. 2, p. 314.)

By Dale LeCheminant Third, since his message was of

Institute of Religion, University of Utah a spiritual, moral nature, it could only be taught through observance

A poet with clear insight wrote achievement of this purpose was of spiritualmoral principles. Men

about his own craft, "Style is the not totally in his power, for a numhad to be brought to the gospel by man,"suggesting that one's indiber of reasons. First, he was perlong-suffering, love, respect for the

viduality is the measure of the sonally subject to the terms of earth individuality of the learner and for worth of his work. While he had life. His body was susceptible to his free agency. "Programming"

in mind the individualistic work of the ravages of time and the cruelpeople to heaven was rejected in a poet writing a poem, his obserties of man. He had, as have all ages past not only because it was

vation is equally valid in many men, a fleeting number of years inconsistent with spiritualmoral other areas of human endeavor. in this life; and his mortal inheriprinciples but also because it was

The musician, engineer, salesman, tance, too, was death. Hence, his simply impossible.

teacher, or homemaker—each is teachings had to be expressed with There were other qualifications

competent and has a special tech- a topicality that would impress men for Jesus'ministry, but these mennique that distinguishes him from of his own age and yet with a unitioned are basic and in a measure others. versality that would allow these dictated his approach to teaching

Such technique, which comprises ideas to transcend his own short men the gospel. All that he could

style, must also be appropriate to lifetime and be transmitted for all do for men he did as well as he the accomplishment of the special ages. could in the given circumstances.

task. For example, the various Second, his hearers, too, were And these circumstances involved

techniques that Jesus used as a restricted, but in a different way. not only people of good will who

teacher to help his followers underThey were tied body and soul to listened, but, as well, those of ill stand his teachings are wondertheir own political, economic, and will who eagerly sought means to fully harmonious with his work and cultural time and place in the depreciate, embarrass, or thwart with the conditions under which world, conditioned by their ignohis work.

he tried to achieve it. Clearly, his rance and imperceptiveness, and Among the rhetorical devices

central purpose was to lead men strapped by their imperfect state. available to Jesus that were usable

to know and to live the principles So Jesus'teachings could only be as to achieve his teaching purposes, of a full life. This is reflected in perfectly and completely presented the ageold parable is prominent.

his statement, "I am come that they as his hearers were perfect. BrigEven in his day it was an ancient

might have life, and that they ham Young expressed this idea in form, having been recognized for might have it more abundantly."an analagous situation: its values and used by such famous

(John 10:10.) "... I do not even believe that teachers as Socrates, a great and

But the quick and effective there is a single revelation, among wise Greek thinker; Nathan, couImprovement Era

rageous prophet of God in Old One should note that in each of as to his motives for returning, and

Testament times; and Hillel, the the two preceding parables the lost there is little concern for his worthikindly Jewish scholar only a genthing was of value but not human. ness to return. For the father, it

eration or so removed from the Perhaps hypocrites better underseems enough for the time being

Christian era. But how did Jesus—stand the value of material things, that the boy has come home, rethe master parableteller—use this such as sheep or coins, that can be gardless of his reason, and he

story form that was so many things used for food, sold, or used to buy quickly orders a celebration to be to so many people? A parable, in other material things. But man is prepared for the lost one's return.

review, is unhistorical, yet at the not a "thing"; he is a son, and The older son, who admits that

same time it is psychologically and hence the importance of Jesus'his obedience has been a dutiful, spiritually true, clear but guarded, bringing the value of the lost into punctilious following of his father's topical yet universal, a solution yet the human realm. Importantly, commandments, is angry at the

a problem, an answer yet a then, the last parable of the "lost welcome prepared for that wastrel question. things,"or the one in the position son of his father. Evidently the

Of those parabolic stories reof emphasis, is about a son who older son's years of service have lated by Jesus, a certain few have was lost. been for him burdensome and unachieved far greater impact on the While Jesus doesn't offer an inrewarding in themselves, for he

minds and hearts of readers than terpretation of whom those in the complains bitterly that no such others and have lived on in the story represent, it seems generally reward as the sumptuous feast hopes and aspirations of men. accepted that the father is the underway has ever been given him.

Among those that have this endurHeavenly Father, and the lost son The father's reply is that all he has ing quality, among those that strike is any of the sons of Heavenly will go to the older son, but he the right chords to the ear and Father who have temporarily been couldn't help but celebrate the heart in their telling, is the parable lost to his influence. Also, it seems return of a lost son.

of the Prodigal Son. Found only in from the story's context that the It is intriguing to wonder about

Luke, this story is the "clincher"in other older son could represent any the meaning of the father's statewhat might be called "the Trilogy of the sons of the Heavenly Father, ment to the older son, "all that I of the Lost Things."even the hypocrites themselves, have is thine,"considering the

The occasion of the telling of who may have lost concern or son's attitude, his seeming bethese three parables was that "outlove for their errant brothers. The grudging service to the father

siders"or "bad characters"—as two parable, depicting the characters through the years, and the fact

modern speech versions typify sinof the father and his two sons, is that he was so possessed by selfishners—were crowding around, eager simply told through recounting ness and resentment against the

to hear what Jesus had to say. their words and describing their love shown to his brother. It is

Observing this, some hypocrites, actions as they relate to each other. strange that one who is to inherit

who happened to be numbered Essentially, the story is one of a all the father has—if this represents

among the Pharisees and scribes, young man who breaks away from the kingdom of God—hasn't learned

bitterly mumbled their disapproval parental guidance, and who, in an a higher motivation for service to of this degrading association of act of selfwilled prodigality and the father than burdensome duty,

Jesus with "outsiders,"whom he selfregarding dissipation, wastes if indeed he felt his work had been welcomed and with whom he had himself and his inheritance until he burdensome, and hasn't learned to even eaten. is brought to the depths of degredarejoice at the return of a lost

Without directly announcing that tion, below which it would be difbrother.

he was using a parabolic device, ficult for a Jew to imagine falling: The great story of the Prodigal

Jesus told those present first the living with and feeding swine, that Son illustrates the aptness of Jesus'parables of the "Lost Sheep"and utterly unclean animal. use of the technique of the parable.

"Lost Coin,"to contrast their aloofFinally, near starvation, he deFirst, it was that timeless, truly ness with the great joy in heaven cides to return to his father if only spiritual quality and memorability "over the sinner whose heart is just to stay alive. In return, while that have guaranteed its perpetuachanged."Then, not to let the yet a way off, the returning son is tion beyond Jesus'own time. Most

matter rest and wanting to be seen first by his father, who runs readers could recognize the lost certain that the hypocrites underto enfold his son in his arms. The boy from their own experience or

stood his point, he proceeded to father's response is a loving imobservation of other lost sons who tell a story of a lost son. pulse. He doesn't question the boy have misspent their lives and lost

September 1968 their ideals and standards. Winston fectly told as possible so the people the great love the father had, first

Churchill told such a sad tale in could understand. Exactly what in allowing his son to live as he

The Far Country. Sympathetic was the final outcome of the lostwished, and further in his uncalcureaders also warm to the love returned son is not treated. Jesus lating but spontaneous manner in

shown by the father to both his did not answer that and other receiving his son back with open sons. The parable is not only uniquestions raised by the parable, arms. True, there were but meager

versal in these aspects of life; it for such seemed not his purpose at signs of repentance in the hungry

is also concise and to the point. the moment. It is possible that the boy, but who was the father to

Second, the lesson was as perhearers could not understand more. stifle these with a long verbal

He seemingly intended to depict

Presence A Livins By Dora D. Flack

(A true story) When she finally started the car, she whispered "Visiting hours are over."The words came clearly aloud, "Oh, Hans, I need you so! How can I go on

over the hospital intercommunication system. alone and be both a mother and a father? We all

Greta leaned over the hospital bed and buried her need you!"

face in the golden hair of her sixyear-old daughter, Her thoughts flew back to three months before,

Anna, hoping she could blink away the tears and when she had sat patiently at Hans'bedside. Although

smile before she had to leave for the night. his body was deteriorating, his mind was sharp and

"I'll be here tomorrow to see how you are, little keen.

one."Greta kissed Anna's feverish cheek. "They won't "Greta,"he had said, "I know you feel I was extravalet me stay with you tonight."gant when I asked you to buy a tape recorder to bring

Anna smiled despite her discomfort. "I'll be all here, realizing that you will need all you can scrape

right, Mama."together."

Greta watched the other parents leave the children's "You didn't tell me why you wanted it, Hans."

ward—mothers and fathers lingering for a last squeeze "While I've been lying in this hospital bed, I've had

of a little hand. Feeling desperate and lonely, she lots of time to think. We know I can never get well.

blew a kiss back to Anna from the door and walked There will be no miracle in my case. It's hard to leave

into the hall. Anna would be all right—or would she? you, knowing that you have to raise seven young

In the hospital parking lot Greta unlocked the car children all alone. I've wondered how I could still

door and slipped behind the wheel, grasping it tightly. help you even though I'm gone. We've always

Uncontrollable sobs wracked her body, and her head enjoyed a closeness and love in our family that has dropped to her hands. Assured that Anna would be bound us together tightly. The gospel reassures us

all right, she relieved her tensions with tears mixed that we'll be together again, if we're all faithful. Now

with selfpity. She might just as well get it all out of you must teach the children to be worthy."

her system, she thought, so she could present a "But that's a task for two parents, not just one,"composed appearance to the other six children waitGreta objected. "You've always been the one who

ing at home. has done the teaching and disciplining. How can I

Improvement Era

session over the sons reasons for of the returned lost brother. time perhaps they would be able

returning? Third, Jesus taught the lesson or willing to see and use the lesson.

In the story Jesus seemed to be of godly mercy in contrast to The love of Jesus for those who interested in inner tendencies of hypocritical selfrighteousness in a surrounded him is manifest in many thought and attitude: the tendenway that permitted those who could ways, not the least of which is his

cies of the son to return, the to see the idea and apply it. At the masterful way of utilizing the

tendencies of the father to receive same time the lesson allowed those parable to help men perceive him back, the tendencies of the who couldn't or wouldn't see to principles that would elevate and older son to deplore the celebration remember the story's framework save their lives. O

and idea so that at some future

Dora Flack, Bountiful (Utah) 24th Ward chorister and choir conductor, is a parttime writer and mother of six children.

do it alone?"young face.

"That's the reason for the tape recorder. I want you Fourteenyear-old Peter looked up, startled to see

to leave it here. As my strength allows me, I'll record his mother standing in the doorway, and snapped off

messages for the children. Then, when you need my the tape recorder. "Mama, please don't be angry.

help and presence, you can play the tapes. Always We were so worried about Anna—and you weren't

remember that I'll be with you in this way, even here. I was very careful not to damage anything.

though you can't see me. Don't ever forget that, But we needed Dad."

this much ofGreta.""Yes, dear, we all need Dad—even

At home Greta turned the car into the driveway. him,"and she touched the tape lovingly. "Anna will

The lights were blazing all over the house, as if the be all right. It's past bedtime, children. Be sure to

children needed reassurance while she was away. say your prayers."

She opened the kitchen door and stepped inside. Next morning at the hospital, Greta walked down

The children must have been playing a quiet game, the hall toward the children's ward and pushed open because there was no noise or confusion as she had the heavy door.

expected. Then she caught her breath, unbelieving, "Good morning, little one,"she said cheerfully.

as she heard Hans'voice. The children were playing "Did you sleep well?"

the tape she hadn't had the courage to hear since he "Oh, yes, Mama."Anna hugged her tightly. "And

had gone. She listened more closely. His firm, sooth- I didn't even miss you."

ing voice quieted her pounding heart. "And even 'You didn't? Well, I like that! Here I was so

though we might be separated from each other, you worried about you being all alone."

must always know that I love each one of you very "Oh, but I wasn't alone."

dearly.""Did a nurse stay with you?"Greta asked.

Uplifted and sustained by the sound of his voice, "Oh, no. You know, Mama, last night when all the

Greta knew she could face the children. She walked other kids'daddies and mamas left, I felt so sorry

into the living room and marveled at the sweet spirit for them. They were all alone. But my daddy stayed

that was prevalent, the serene expression on each with me all night long. He didn't have to leave."O

September 1968 Roosevelt and the Children By Francis Donahue

Only when his letters to his turity. He always wrote to them "I have collected a variety of

children were published did the as equals. Before they were able treasures which I shall have to try

world come to know the rewardto read, he sent them "picture to divide up equally among you ing ties between U. S. President letters,"often with simple illuschildren. One treasure, by the

five children. In kept and cherished. I named Josiah, and he is nowTheodoreily—his wifeRooseveltand and his famtrations of animals. These they way, is a very small badger, which

in called Josh for short. He is veryreading those letters—and reading Roosevelt's letters abound

living cunning and I hold him in my armsbetween the lines, too—we feel descriptions and stories of

the former President's deep love things: birds, animals, trees, flowand pet him. I hope he will grow

if the poorfor home and family. ers, and nature. To his sons at up friendly—that is,

He began to write to the chilschool he wrote of the antics of fellow lives to grow up at all."

dren in their early childhood the household cats, dogs, guinea To another son he wrote:

whenever he was separated from pigs, and other pets. "I loved your letter. I am very

them, and he continued writing From the West he once wrote homesick for mother and for you regularly until they reached mato a son: children, but I have enjoyed this

10 Improvement Era week's travel. I have been among in New York, play hideand-seek One of his most famous letters,

the orange groves, where the trees at the White House, or read them directed to his "Blessed Ted,"have oranges growing thick upon Uncle Remus stories at bedtime. reads like this:

them, and there are more flowers In several letters he told of "It was the greatest fun seeing than you have ever seen. I have children's parties at the White you.... I am entirely satisfied

a gold top which I shall give you if House. To his sister he wrote: with your standing, both in your

Mother thinks you can take care of "We had a delightful Christstudies and in athletics. I want

it. Perhaps I shall give you a mas yesterday. At seven, all the you to do well in sports, and I

silver bell instead. Whenever I see children came in to open the big, want even more to have you do

a little boy being brought up by bulgy stockings in our bed; from well with your books; but I do not

his father or mother to look at the Alice to Quentin, each child was expect you to stand first in either, procession as we pass by, I think absorbed in his or her stocking if so to stand could cause you of you and Archie and feel very toys.... Then, after breakfast, overwork and hurt your health. I

homesick. Sometimes little boys we all formed up and went into always believe in going hard at

ride in the procession on their the library, where bigger toys were everything, whether it is Latin or ponies, just like Archie on Algonon separate tables for the children. mathematics, boxing, or fooball,

quin. I wonder whether there ever can but at the same time I want you to

"The other day when out riding, come in life a thrill of greater keep the sense of proportion. It is

what should I see on the road exaltation and rapture than that never worthwhile to absolutely exahead of me but a real Br'er Terrawhich comes to one, between the haust one's self or to take big pin and Br'er Rabbit. They were ages of, say, six and fourteen, chances unless for an adequate

sitting solemnly beside one anwhen the library door is thrown object...."

other and looked just as if they open and you walk in to see all In another letter, Roosevelt had come out of a book; but as my the gifts, like a materialized fairycounsels his son that "character

horse walked along, Br'er Rabbit land, arrayed on your special counts for a great deal more than went lippity lippity lippity off into table...."either intellect or body in winning

the bushes and Br'er Terrapin As the children grew up, the success in life."

drew in his head and legs till I playmate of their early years beIt was his private role as father passed."came a sympathetic companion that Teddy Roosevelt—President,

Teddy Roosevelt was ever his interested in their consideration of governor, writer, and biggame children's playmate and companbooks, authors, and friends, and hunter—loved best. Late in life,

ion, sharing their games and in their discussions of public afhe said he would rather have the sports with great relish. He was fairs. Many of these later letters printer set in type his letters to

ready to romp with them in the old contain wise suggestions, with an his children than anything ever barn at their Sagamore Hill home occasional admonition. written about him. O

September 1968 11 Choice Conference Readingi

1. A MORE EXCELLENT WAY

by Neal A. Maxwell $2.95

Provides Latterday Saints with a thoughtful M - yet practical guide to the development of leadership qualities. This is the 1968/69 MIA HOUSE

leadership training text... a must for improving leadership performance. Now is your

opportunity to acquire this essential book. LORD M\ sf?. M l

2. THE HOUSE OF THE LORD

by James E. Talmage $2,95 hardbound

$1.25 softbound

Deseret Book is proud to republish in modern format this classic of Church literature by the late scholar and general authority, Dr. James

E. Talmage. This volume will be an important

aid to those who are going to the temple for the first time. It will also bring to all LatterSaints a greater day appreciation of the signiJAMES I TALMAGE

ficance in their lives. of temple work

Deseret Bookof-theMonth Bonus Value for September

4. HIGHLIGHTS IN THE LIFE OF 3. SCIENCE AND PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY 5. OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS, MORMONISM

Morrell by Jeanette McKay $4.95 Vol.4 Revised and enlarged edition

in fabulous book which precious A A. Melvin by Cook and

from an exemplary moments Garfield M. Cook $4.95 life are byRobertBruceK. B.ThomasClark and $2.60

recalled for your edification by a lovThis absorbing and stimulating book ing sister. A book for every LDShome. Vol. 4 is the Relief Society Cultural

has been enhanced by further scholarRegularly $4.95. Now for September Refinement course for 196869, and

ship and added material. Here is a only, $3.50! A saving of $1.45. is geared to the theme: "The World

that challengesbook the religious This Us."contains Around book Deseret Every Book month Com-

... intomind of of an awareness literature items the renowned many

will a choose bookof-themonth pany theirstrength of position. This writers, of pens from the new noted and

to for a be that BONUS VALUEedition has for ideal format con- a new an and makes the family volume for specials these month. Watch

tains pictures. library. new many home

will—mail orders each be month

shipped postage paid!

12 Improvement Era Treasure SIMPLIFIED Mountain 6EMEAL06

III i. Kay Kirkbom

AMERICANS

6. TREASURE MOUNTAIN 7. SIMPLIFIED GENEALOGY 8. GENEALOGY IN AMERICA

HOME FOR AMERICANS Vol.& Maine1, Massachusetts, Connecticut

by Frazer Buck and George Thompson by E. Kay Kirkham $3.95

$3.95 by Norman E. Wright $4.50

A simplified primer in genealogy

This spirited and fascinating that is an ideal introduction to this For beginning and experienced genenarrative splendidly recaptures the absorbing work for the dead. This alogists alike, this text and source

colorful years when Park City enbook teaches you all that's necessary book dealing with these three New joyed its original boom. to begin genealogical research on England states will prove invaluable.

your own. This series is designed to assist research by Americans into records

throughout the United States.

10. DAS SIND DIE

M0RM0NEN 9. FASCINATING (Meet the Mormons)

WOMANHOOD by Doyle L. and Randall L. Green

by Helen Andelin $5.95 $4.50

Eine illustrierte Einfuhrung zur the you ought to Become woman be Kirche Jesu Christi der Heiligen der... create a vibrant that personality

will capture and retain a husband's idealLetztengiftTagefor missionaries,und ihres Volkes.relativesAn

love and respect.

and friends, speaking in German nuiii annum countries. Beautifully illustrated in

magnificent color throughout.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main Street, Orange, California 92668

Please send me items circled:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 10 COM P A N Y Total Cost $ This must include 3%% sales tax for residents of Utah ordering 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax for California residents ordering from Orange.

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD.. OGDEN Paid by check money order fj Or, please charge my established account

777 SO. MAIN ST.. ORANGE. CALIFORNIA Name '

Address

City State Zip.

September 1968 13 Testimonies of Four Witnesses of the Book of Mormon

The Book of Mormon was written on thin gold plates, hidden in the ground until they were delivered to the Prophet Joseph Smith. Here are testimonies of four individuals who came to know that this hook was divinely

sent and that the translation ivas inspired of God.

Emma, wife of the Prophet Martin Harris: Oliver Cowdery: David Whitmer:

Joseph Smith: "7 know the Book of Mor- "I wrote, with my own "7t was in the latter part

"My belief is that the mon is true.... 7 know that pen, the entire Book of Morof June, 1829. Joseph, Oliver

Book of Mormon is of divine the plates have been transmon (save a few pages) as Cowdery and myself were authenticity—I have not the lated by the gift and power it fell from the lips of the together, and the angel

slightest doubt of it. I am of God, for his voice deProphet Joseph Smith, as he showed them to us.... They

satisfied that no man could clared it unto us; therefore translated it by the gift and were shown to us in this

have dictated the writing of I know of a surety that the power of God.... It conway: Joseph and Oliver and

the manuscripts unless he work is true. For did I not tains the everlasting Gospel, I were sitting on a log when

was inspired; for, when actat one time hold the plates and came forth to the chilwe were overshadowed by a

ing as his scribe, your father on my knee an hourand-a- dren of men in fulfillment light more glorious than [Joseph] would dictate to half, whilst in conversation of the revelations."(Millenthat of the sun. In the midst

me hour after hour; and with Joseph....? Yes, I did. nial Star, Vol. 21, p. 544.) of this light... appeared

when returning after meals, And as many of the plates a table upon which were or after interruptions, he as Joseph Smith translated 1 many golden plates.... 7

would at once begin where handled with my hands, saw them... and distinctly

he had left off, without plate after plate."(Millenheard the voice of the Lord

either seeing the manuscript nial Star, Vol. 21, p. 545.) declaring that the records of

or having any portion of it the plates of the Book of read to him. This was a Mormon were translated by

usual thing for him to do. the gift and power of God."

It would have been improb- (Millennial Star, Vol. 43,

able that a learned man p. 437.)

could do this: and, for one

so... unlearned as he was,

it was simply impossible.

..."(Joseph Smith III, "Last

Testimony of Sister Emma,"Saints'Advocate, Vol. 2

[October 1879], p. 52.)

14 Improvement Era The Second Witness of Priesthood Restoration

(Second in a series on The Three Witnesses)

By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

Oliver Cowdery not only subscribed his name as events as surely as does insufficient documentation.

one of the three witnesses to the divinity of the Book As this article surveys reliable statements on priestof Mormon; he also left his personal testimony as one hood restoration, an exact parallel is built concerning

of the two witnesses of the restoration of divine the evidence of the supernatural events of the New authority in modern times. In the latter capacity, he Testament. In the case of both ancient and modern

claimed the experience of standing in the presence of claims to revelation, convinced and dedicated men angels on two distinct occasions to receive priesthood asserted the fact of divine authority, only later expowers. plaining some details for the historical record. In both

A careful search of authentic documents on his life situations, later explanations do not bear the embeldiscloses an impressive number of declarations on lishments of sophisticated publicity releases, but are priesthood restoration. These were made during his rather what the renowned Bible translator J. B. Philcareer in the Church as its second priesthood officer, lips calls "the flat, matterof-fact recital of known

in the midst of his personal trials and resentments events."1 The participants in ancient and modern

outside of its organization, at his final reconciliation revelation obviously expected to be believed on the with the Church, and at the closing moments of his strength of their simple assertions that the events of life. One may choose to disbelieve such testimony, which they testified were realities.

but no informed person can deny that it exists. A pioneering culture pours practically total energy

Latterday Saints have had access mainly to Joseph into doing and is typically deficient in both literature

Smith's descriptions of the separate restorations of and polished history. Despite a consciousness of the

the lesser and higher priesthoods, but Oliver Cowimportance of records, both the early Christian and dery's version of what happened is as important by the Latterday Saint churches show distinct marks way of evidence. Because the foundation of The of this phenomenon. Their records are on occasion

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints rests on detailed but often incomplete due to pressures of the its claim of the restoration of the proper authority to active care of the Church. The restoration of the two

represent God, it would be difficult to overestimate priesthoods, events of the year 1829, were evidently the importance of the second witness, Oliver Cowdery. not made matters of formal record until some years

The tradition of yellow journalism, so characteristic later. Thus, Joseph Smith did not describe in detail

of antiMormon literature, continues to assert that the coming of John the Baptist until his history of historical evidence for priesthood restoration is wantthat event was compiled in 1842, and then he made ing. But overexplanation betrays spuriousness of only brief allusion to second priesthood restoration.

September 1968 15 This messenger stated that "he acted under the It has never been adequately emphasized that this direction of Peter, James and John, who held the keys review of the events of the restoration is the official of the Priesthood of Melchizedek, which priesthood testimony of both Joseph Smith and Oliver Coivdery he said should in due time be conferred on us...."- that ancient messengers came to establish modern

Joseph Smith left one other personal recollection of priesthood authority. Joseph Smith directly superlesser priesthood restoration, a speech of March 10, vised the form of publication of these revelations,

1844, in which he again alluded to the preparatory but he was assisted in policy decisions and details by nature of this authority: the entire First Presidency, of which Cowdery was

"In the first place, suffice it to say, I went into the a key member. 7 In the general priesthood meeting

woods to inquire of the Lord, by prayer, His will concalled to accept this revision of the Book of Comcerning me, and I saw an angel, and he laid his hands mandments, Oliver Cowdery spoke for the Presidency upon my head, and ordained me to a Priest after in recommending adoption of their work. s When this

the order of Aaron, and to hold the keys of this first comprehensive Doctrine and Covenants was

Priesthood, which office was to preach repentance printed, Cowdery's name appeared second to Joseph and baptism for the remission of sins, and also to Smith's in presenting "the leading items of the religion baptize. But I was informed that this office did not which we have professed to believe"with solemn

extend to the laying on of hands for the giving of the recognition "that we are to be called to answer to

Holy Ghost; that that office was a greater work, and every principle advanced"on the day of judgment.

was to be given afterward....""Thus, the printing of the history of the two priesthood

The Prophet also left a personal recollection of restorations in that book was formally acknowledged higher priesthood restoration in an epistle to the by Oliver Cowdery no less than by Joseph Smith,

Church on September 6, 1842. Fervently reviewing making the revelation a virtual certification bv the

the leading events of the restoration, he passed by two priesthood witnesses.

lesser priesthood restoration to refer to "the voice of Although the Church did not explain priesthood

Peter, James, and John, in the wilderness between restoration in its public literature until the 183435

Harmony, Susquehanna county, and Colesville, Kirtland publications, substantial evidence shows that

Broome county, on the Susquehanna river, declaring the events then placed on record were well understood themselves as possessing the keys of the kingdom, on oral testimony from the beginning. One major

and of the dispensation of the fulness of times."4 Such proof of this is the blessing that the Prophet gave to

incidental allusions to the source of modern priesthood Oliver Cowdery in the presence of the entire Smith authority were evidently characteristic of the family and major officials of the Church. The date

Prophet's discourses. Speaking to the Twelve on of this blessing, December 18, 1833, makes it the

July 2, 1839, concerning their position of leadership, earliest direct allusion to priesthood restoration known

Joseph Smith stressed the coming of heavenly mesin LDS annals. The Prophet clearly assumes that

sengers: "How have we come at the Priesthood in the details of Oliver Cowdery 's participation in two

the last days? It came down, down, in regular sucseparate divine manifestations are well known, as he

cession. Peter, James, and John had it given to them, refers to them as a fulfillment of a prophecy of

and they gave it to others.""'Israel's honored patriarch Joseph:

There is a reasonable amount of detail in Joseph "These blessings shall come upon him [Oliver]

Smith's later recollection of both events, but as early according to the blessings of the prophecy of Joseph as 183435 he had taken formal steps to make them in ancient days, which he said should come upon the public history, through including them in the Docseer of the last days and the scribe that should sit with trine and Covenants issued at Kirtland. One revelahim, and that should be ordained with him, by the

tion names important messengers of God in the latterhands of the angel in the bush, unto the lesser priestday dispensation and speaks of John the Baptist, hood, and after receive the holy priesthood under the whom "I have sent unto you, my servants, Joseph hand of those who had been held in reserve for a

Smith, Jr., and Oliver Cowdery, to ordain you unto long season, even those who received it under the

the first priesthood which you have received...."hand of the Messiah, while he should dwell in the

The revelation also mentions Peter, James, and John, flesh upon the earth...."Sa

"whom I have sent unto you, by whom I have orThe implications of this definite reference to known dained you and confirmed you to be apostles, and facts must be underlined. Unless Cowdery and the

especial witnesses of my name, and bear the keys considerable group of intimate friends of Joseph Smith of your ministry... and a dispensation of the gospel knew the details of what was later described in the

for the last times; and for the fulness of times...."rt printed accounts of priesthood restoration, such a

16 Improvement Era & qpeat new Book LlBRARyJ fOR VOUR L6S

1. BOOK OF MORMON

I300K COMPENDIUM OF by Sidney B. Sperry MOKMON

This is your companion volume to Dr. Sperry's Doctrine & Covenants Compendium. It is the

best reference book available on the Book of Mormon. Answers all

questions you or others have ever posed on this ancient record, including new information on the..aDNEvas*'* HillnationCumorah,of the Isaiahand a clearsection.expla-

$6.95

/ HOW MANY OF THESE SIGNIFICANT LDS BOOKS DO YOU OWN?

ws wffBFl.

Oiv"Getting MIN6RII Things v'-/ 'LET My L1V1NB Oanev PEOPLi GO!

2. MEANINGFUL 3. SLIM, TRIM 4. FROM THE DUST 5. ON GETTING 6. LET MY

LIVING FUN FOR LIFE OF DECADES THINGS DONE PEOPLE GO

Paul H. Dunn provides the Written by a B.Y.U. instructor, Saga of the Papyri and MumRay L. White presents a "howFlorence N. Bagnall depicts

formula for successful modern Sara Lee Gibb, this helpful mies by Keith Terry and Walter to"book for church leaders, the stirring account of an living in this volume as rebook offers women systematic Whipple is a timely study of businessmen, housewives, stu- "iron curtain"refugee who vealed through the deep inand sensible ways to exercise, the Pearl of Great Price which dents—anyone who wants to led the freedom fighter movesight and rich overtones of diet, and keep in good condiis both fascinating and indevelop better organizational ment of his country. Provides

Jesus'teachings. It is a downtion. Contains over 75 photospirational. It's complete with habits. Tells how to make the full realization of what it

toearth, practical analysis of graphs showing proper exerpictures of the papyri recently best use of time, to delegate would be like to beIC theLUG IUOCIloser the Sermon on the Mount. cise techniques. Perfect aid acquired by the Church. responsibility, to get the most in the battle for libertyiberty.

for slimming down/ rn from coworkers. r

$3.00 $2.25 $4.95/V

BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amOUnt Of Residents of Utah add 3'.i% sales tax

3 4 5 6 12 NAME:

ADDRESS:

CITY, STATE, ZIP:

September 1968 17 Oliver received the blessings that "should come upon the seer of the last days and the scribe that should sit with him...."

blessing would have been an enigma. So the above priesthood is associated with the direct appearance

statement shows not only that Joseph Smith spoke of angels. Lyman Wight, who was converted in this

openly of the restoration of both priesthoods at the area, also entered in his journal that one of the end of 1833—it also proves that he and those around missionaries "testified that he had seen angels."10

him had a common understanding of these events for The satirical Palmyra Reflector, relaying information some time prior to December 1833. from its Ohio correspondent, emphasizes the point:

This inescapable assumption is verified by the de- "Cowdery and his friends had frequent interviews tailed narrative of Philo Dibble,"in which he recalled with angels....'""Such a reference indicates that

a powerful speech of the prophet in Kirtland in 1831, Cowdery claimed more than one divine manifestation in which Joseph Smith made a blunt answer to a chalin addition to the single experience with the angel lenge to his divine appointment: "No power can pluck and the plates that comprised his testimony to the

those keys from me, except the power that gave them Book of Mormon. By his known statements, "frequent

to me; that was Peter, James and John."81 'interviews with angels"would include the two priestThere is no doubt that Oliver Cowdery also pubhood restorations. In any event, contemporary newslicly claimed angelic restoration of divine authority paper accounts of Cowdery's Ohio mission are clear

from the beginning. His first major mission, in evidence of his public testimony of divine priesthood

1830, took him west from upstate New York through restoration at the beginning.

Ohio, with the ultimate destination of Missouri and In 1834 some kind of policy decision was reached the frontier Indian lands. His message is surprisingly to begin publication of the main facts of the rise

well documented by the unsympathetic press in a of the Latterday Saint movement. It was perhaps

number of newspaper stories mixing reporting and Cowdery's initiative that brought about this first deridicule in various proportions. These accounts show tailed but incomplete recounting of Church history,

that priesthood authority was as essential to Cowdery's since he expressed a desire as newly appointed editor message as was the Book of Mormon. For instance, a of the Church newspaper to write a "full history"in

newspaper in the Kirtland, Ohio, area reported: installments, indicating that he had secured "authentic-

"About two weeks since some persons came along documents"in order to do a responsible job. But

here with the book [of Mormon], one of whom pretends to have seen Angels, and assisted in translating Artist'sinvolvingrenderingthe appearanceof the ofrestorationJames, Peter,of theandMelchizedekJohn to JosephPriesthood,Smith the plates. He proclaims destruction upon the world and Oliver Cowdery in 1829.

within a few years,—holds forth that the ordinances

of the gospel, have not been regularly administered since the days of the Apostles, till the said Smith and himself commenced the work.... The name of the

person here, who pretends to have a divine mission and to have seen and conversed with Angels, is

Cowdray [sic]....""

Note that the report of Cowdery's claim to the

A good likeness of Oliver Cowdery's signature. Copy reads: "Your

Obedient Servant, Oliver Cowdery."

1LAgs1''\mmt, "

Today's gasolines

all: need them

Higher Octane Ingredients AntiRust Additives

AntiKnock Compounds Platformate

ClimateTailoring Formulas DetergentAction Chemicals

All the things that contribute to total gasoline performance are important to you. And you get them all in Chevron gasolines.

The reason is very simple. Standard Oil never stops trying to improve its products. The continuous effort that makes this possible

is backed by research facilities that are the largest, most modern and most complete in the West.

to Gome Chevron Jsland!

{under the Standard sign)

STANDARD OIL COMPANY

OF CALIFORNIA

September 1968 19 such a project had only second priority in the practheir power and authority from an angel...."''"'

tically oriented church, as indicated by his intention That this is Cowdery's own version of the origin to continue "if circumstances admit."1 - of the higher priesthood is clear from the terminology

Cowdery's articles did not in fact measure up to of a littleknown account in an early patriarchal blesshis intention, since they terminated after talking ing record of the Church. The document is in his

about essentially one subject, the translation of the handwriting and signed by him as official recorder of

Book of Mormon. Nevertheless, the initial installment blessings. As secretary, he inserted an explanation

of the series included a detailed description of the of the authority of the Prophet to give blessings:

restoration of the lesser priesthood from Cowdery's "... he was ordained by the angel John, unto the

pen, the earliest published account of the event. lesser or Aaronic Priesthood, in company with myself,

Cowdery first recalls the question of authority for in the town of Harmony, Susquehanna County, Pennbaptism that confronted the two young translators of sylvania, on Friday, the 15th day of May, 1829; after

the Rook of Mormon. He then narrates their withwhich we repaired to the water, even to the Susquedrawal to a place of solitude and their prayer "in a hanna River, and were baptized; he first administering

fervent manner": unto me, and after, I to him. Rut before baptism

"On a sudden, as from the midst of eternity, the our souls were drawn out in mighty prayer, to know voice of the Redeemer spake peace to us, while the how we might obtain the blessings of baptism and vail was parted and the angel of God came down of the Holy Spirit according to the order of God;

clothed with glory, and delivered the anxiously looked and we diligently sought for the right of the fathers, for message, and the keys of the gospel of repentance! and the authority of the holy priesthood, and the

... our eyes beheld—our ears heard. As in the power to administer in the same; for we desired to be

'blaze of day:'yes, more—above the glitter of the followers of righteousness and the possessors of

May Sun beam, which then shed its brilliancy over greater knowledge, even the knowledge of the the face of nature! Then his voice, though mild, mysteries of the kingdom of God. Therefore we repierced to the center, and his words, 'I am thy fellowpaired to the woods, even as our father Joseph said

servant,'dispelled every fear.... Rut, dear brother, we should, that is, to the bush, and called upon the

think, further think for a moment, what joy filled our name of the Lord, and he answered us out of the hearts and with what surprise we must have bowed, heavens. And while we were in the heavenly vision,

(for who would not have bowed the knee for such a the angel came down and bestowed upon us this blessing?) when we received under his hand the holy priesthood; and then, as I have said, we repaired to

priesthood, as he said, 'upon you my fellow servants, the water and were baptized. After this, we received

in the name of Messiah I confer this priesthood and the high and holy priesthood; but an account of this

this authority, which shall remain upon earth, that will be given elsewhere, or in another place."1 r'

the sons of Levi may yet offer an offering unto the Cowdery's foregoing personal statement is imporLord in righteousness!'... tant as a private confirming record of the public

"The assurance that we were in the presence of account of Aaronic Priesthood restoration, but it is an angel; the certainty that we heard the voice of also important in indicating his own explanation

Jesus, and the truth unsullied as it flowed from a that a higher priesthood restoration followed afterpure personage, dictated by the will of God, is to ward. This 1833 account is the earliest known exme, past description, and I shall ever look upon this tended description of priesthood restoration. The

expression of the Savior's goodness with wonder and account alludes to the dual restorations. Whether or

thanksgiving....*'13 not the record "in another place"was ever written,

The contrast between such a circumstantial and the subsequent ordination to "the high and holy moving description of the coming of John the Raptist priesthood"is authenticated.

and bare allusions to the subsequent appearance of Accurate history demands an exposure of statements

Peter, James, and John has caused some believers falsely attributed to Oliver Cowdery about priesthood in the restoration to question the necessity of the restoration. Following his spirited quarrel with

latter event."This reaction is inconsistent with CowChurch leaders, he withdrew from the Church and

dery's claims. When the quorum of apostles was was excommunicated April 12, 1838. A pamphlet

established, the second elder was appropriately called circulates under Cowdery's name that was supposedly upon to give a solemn charge on the significance of published the following year: Defense in a Rehearsal

this new office and presiding authority, about which of My Grounds for Separating Myself from the Latter he stated, "You have been ordained to the Holy Day Saints. Although the authenticity of the pamphPriesthood, vou have received it from those who had let has been generally assumed, it is a strangely

20 Improvement Era "And while we were in heavenly vision, the angel came down

confused work to come from Cowdery's articulate and circulated among dissident Mormons. His former

pen. It repeatedly mentions the priesthood, "about associates would have also asked for an explanation

which I am beginning to doubt"; yet it asserts the of his Defense, had it existed.

reality of the appearance of John the Baptist, "which The discovery in 1934 of the Oliver Cowdery

I doubt not and deny not."With naive bewilderment, letters in the possession of Phineas Young's descenthe pamphlet relates that the voice of the angel "did dants clearly disclosed Cowdery's personal conmost mysteriously resemble the voice of Elder Sidney victions about the priesthood while out of the Church.

Rigdon, who, I am sure had no part in the transactions The spurious Defense has nothing in common with of that day."This is unlikely language to have come these personal writings of Cowdery in the same

from the incisive mind of Cowdery, whose extensive period. This correspondence reveals a man who

recorded talks and preserved letters are never waited a decade for an apology that never came.

ambiguous on any issue. The fact is that the pamphlet He felt that his character had been unjustly debased

has been accepted at face value for over half a with charges of dishonesty at his excommunication.

century without any serious investigation of its A practicing lawyer, he was fully aware that his genuineness. testimony of the priesthood would be judged in large

Cowdery's purported Defense was first published part by his personal reputation. In the most touching

by the belligerent evangelist R. B. Neal, the moving of all his letters written while out of the Church, he

spirit of the American AntiMormon Association. His pled indirectly with Brigham Young for public

colorful tracts insisted that the discovery of this exoneration prior to his contemplated return:

pamphlet was a death blow to Mormonism. 17 Sup- "I have cherished a hope, and that one of my

posedly published in Norton, Ohio, by "Pressley's Job fondest, that I might leave such a character, as those

Office"in 1839, no original can be found, nor can who might believe in my testimony, after I should be any other printing earlier than Neal's 1906 edition. 1 s called hence, might do so, not only for the sake of

Norton is not a location known to have had a press; the truth, but might not blush for the private charac-

"Pressley's Job Office"by all census and property ter of the man who bore that testimony. I have been

investigations fails to find confirmation; and in 1839 sensitive on this subject, I admit, but I ought to be so.

Cowdery was constantly in Kirtland, the fact of his presence being recorded in preserved town records Extract from a letter of Oliver Cowdery to Phineas Young, March 23, and as a witness on deeds throughout the year, inpresence"1846, in ofwhichJohn Elderand Peter.Cowdery affirms having "stood in the

cluding the month that the pamphlet was ostensibly prepared.

If the foregoing incongruities raise more than reasonable doubt, the following considerations clearly show that no such Defense was published and circulated: (1) Mormon periodicals of the early period

constantly noted and commented on antiMormon literature, and attacks on the faith were publicly refuted. Of greater significance, notorious Mormon. e-hSs

dissenters were praised and quoted by a vigorous antiMormon press. Neither side displays any awareness of the purported Defense. Cowdery Law- (2)

yers intimately out S** 0*L J?/l*?*-<-+LJis while he was Cowdery who knew

of the Church indicate that he studiously avoided any public or private comment on Mormonism while 41-. *s<2: aJ2<x&/*>

in nonMormon society. The prior appearance of a

pamphlet of exposure is inconsistent with these known tactics of his life. (3) Cowdery was challenged r eft f* fy%>> /I*

sharply at his return for a letter that was published

upi<.

a/? frrrtfc*'

/ft*--. fea*sd***e> 7rX:

..,,,..,., #-*t -y /lAf

September 1968 have been sensitive on this subject, but you would be had you stood in the presence of Peter."

You would be, under the circumstances. Had you handwritten statement that Cowdery stood "with

stood in the presence of John, with our departed Joseph the Seer"to receive divine authority:

Brother Joseph, to receive the Lesser Priesthood—and "John the Baptist, holding the keys of the Aaronic

in die presence of Peter, to receive the Greater, and priesthood; Peter, James, and John, holding the keys

looked down through time, and witnessed the effects of the Melchizedek priesthood, have also ministered these two must produce, you would feel what you for those who shall be heirs of salvation, and with have never felt, were wicked men conspiring to lessen these ministrations ordained men to the same priestthe effects of your testimony on man, after you should hoods.... Accept assurances, dear Brother, of the

have gone to your long sought rest."1 "unfeigned prayer of him who, in connection with

It is no surprise that the man holding these conJoseph the Seer, was blessed with the above minisvictions returned to the Church two and onehalf traiton...."22

years after writing the above letter. Since he arrived Perhaps the original autographed statement may

at Council Bluffs in the midst of a session of the yet be found, but the fact that Richards obtained it

October 1848 conference, his first act was a public from Cowdery and published it is sufficient evidence reiteration of his testimony of the divine events of that it is Cowdery's personal testimony. 2 '1

the restoration. The most detailed record of this Richards'recollections of his two weeks with Cowpublic speech was then written by Reuben Miller, dery emphasize the materiality of priesthood restorawho later insisted that his diary contained a "vertion. Cowdery described the "personality"of these

batim report,"and who was vitally interested in ancient prophets, together with "their heavenly apCowdery's views on priesthood because Miller had pearance"and penetrating eyes. When Richards rebeen misled by Strang on the same issue. 20 Furthercalls placing "my hands upon his head where these

more, it is clear that Miller's diarv is both accurate angels had placed theirs,"he is undoubtedly reand reasonably comprehensive, when compared to porting Cowdery's specific concept of the method of contemporary official records. A major portion of ordination, not only of John the Baptist, but also of

'This point is importantCowdery's returning speech pertains to priesthood Peter, James, and John. 2

restoration: because it has been denied that they received a

"I was present with Joseph when an holy angel physical ordination from Peter, James, and John on from God came down from heaven and conferred, the grounds that "ordain"may have the more general or restored, the Aaronic Priesthood and said at the meaning of "appoint."25 But in every statement where

same time that it should remain upon the earth Cowdery describes the double restoration, identical while the earth stands. I was also present with vocabulary appears for both events, vocabulary that

Joseph when the Melchizedek Priesthood was conrefers, as it does with the Aaronic Priesthood, to the ferred by the holy angels of God, which we then physical contact of the hands of John the Baptist.

confirmed on each other, by the will and commandThe word "ordain"as used by both Joseph Smith ment of God. This priesthood is also to remain and Oliver Cowdery uniformly refers to the physical

upon the earth until the last remnant of time. This laying on of hands both in the context of human

holy priesthood we conferred upon many and is just priesthood transfer and also in the experience of reas good and valid as if God had conferred it in ceiving priesthood from John the Baptist. Their own

person."21 usage must define what they meant by the same

Cowdery lived but a year and a half after this terminology applied to the restoration of higher solemn restatement of his testimony to the superpriesthood by Peter, James, and John. As a matter of

natural basis of the restoration of the gospel. His fact, Joseph Smith went on record with descriptions of

own letters and contacts with several Latterday physical ordination similar to Cowdery's. The official

Saints during this period show conclusively that his minutes of a blessing of Cowdery referring to priestposition on priesthood restoration never changed. hood restoration were quoted earlier in this article,

Moving in the winter of 184849 to Richmond, Misin which the Prophet refers to the ordination to "the souri, Cowdery spent a snowbound fortnight with lesser priesthood"specifically "by the hand of the

Samuel W. Richards, who procured as a souvenir a angel,"and the subsequent reception of "the holy

22 Improvement Era

I KSL NEWSyour winner this election year

It's decision time! Your participation in this Western News Network

year's election is vital. KSL FullTime Washington News Bureau with

KSL urges you to become informed about the Wes Vernon candidates and the issues... then register... then Largest and most Professional News Staff in

VOTE! Western America

Radio are Channel and proud to provideKSL 5 TV KSL Political Specialist Florien Wineriter all possible sources with ofyou information and the opportunity to "Meet Your Candidate''''on KSL Radio 's Public Pulse Outstanding WorldWide CBS Correspondents to All constant coverage bring this combines you CBS Vote Profile Analysis '68. ballot of Cast your Campaign with KSL

CBS Radio's Net Alert 1160 on your Radio dial and Channel 5 TV where...

United Press International Wire Service you will hear and see the most concise and inforAssociated Press Wire Service mative political coverage, this election year.

Western America's Leading News Station!

KSL Radio 1160, KSLTV Channel 5, Broadcast House, Salt Lake City, Utah

September 1968 23 Oliver Cowdery as a man is a superb individual: sensitive, perceptive,

intelligent, with an outspoken honesty....'

priesthood under the hands of those"who had walked No."Restoration12 (Octoberof the1904),Melchizedekp. 943. Priesthood,"The prophecyImprovementof the patriarchEra, Vol.Joseph7,

with Christ. isis alsosimilarreferredto thatto recordedby Cowderyin 2 inNephihis explanatory3 but is a notesfuller toversion,the blessingswhich

In the past, Latterday Saint history has been pregiven * bEarlythem. Scenes in Church History—8th Book of the FaithPromoting

sented with less historical documentation than is Series"Painesville(Salt LakeTelegraph,City, 1882),Novemberp. 80. 16, 1830. A reprint of the article

presently available to confirm its essential structure. is(4thfounded.; in SaltFrancisLakeW.City,Kirkham,1967),A Vol.New Witness1, pp. 43334.for ChristComparein Americathe

ridiculing the commission paper in the of December same on statements of Oliver Cowdery Christ,The collected of "directly the. Jesus 7, Heaven,1830, priestletterof and. from God Cowdery

Ibid., personally conversed. 435. p.. has with he whom reinforce restoration Joseph immeasurablyhood Vol. Saints'29 of Herald,.Wight,.."Journal "Quotation from Lyman

Smith's claim that two distinct priesthood restorations (1882),n Thep. Reflector192. (Palmyra, N.Y.), February 14, 1831, p. 102.

took place. All of the seven direct references of Joseph ber 1834),''-Latter p.Day13. Saints'Messenger and Advocate, Vol. 1, No. 1 (OctoSmith to priesthood restoration allude to the second underlinedvilbid., bypp.the1516.customTheof printingvalue to itthein Churchrecent editionsof the descriptionof the Pearlis

restoraof the Smith's account as to a footnote Price Great Joseph restored, priesthood higher wasoccasion when and oftion Priesthood.

of the Reorganized Briggs, founder 1of'Jasonthe an influential LDS AaronicW. of the five four it. Likewise, detailfive about give some really necessary ordination only the position that the took movement,

detailed references of Cowdery to priesthood restoraforfestationthe restorationafter that ofwasauthoritypriesthoodwas authorizationthat of John theby commandment,Baptist. Any maninot

tion allude to the second occasion, and three of these Churcha furtherof ordinationJesus Christby layingof Latteron ofDayhands.SaintsHistory(Independence,of the ReorganizedMissouri,

describe the conferring of additional priesthood by takes1951),a Vol.similar3, position,i:p. 22425.acknowledgingThe officialtheinterpretationcoming of Peter,of RLDSJames,historyand

further messengers. Although more detail is known John,that theybut broughtlogically a denying"command"the necessityof God, ofnot theira furtherpresencephysicalby inferringordinaabout the coming of John the Baptist, the evidence is tion. I'DHC,Ibid., Vol.Vol. 1,2, pp.p. 195,6366.February 21, 1835.

equally strong for the appearance of Peter, James, and Office.""'PatriarchalThe entryBlessingoriginatedBook,DecemberNo. 1, pp.13,8-9,1833;LDSit Churchwas publishedHistorian'sin

John. From his many related remarks, there is no fullMcConkiein Joseph(Salt FieldingLake City,Smith,1956),DoctrinesVol. 3, pp.of 99100.Salvation,Thised. explanationBruce R.

question that Cowdery considered the second experiprefacedarticle andthewashlessingobviouslyof JosephintendedSmithto acquaintupon Cowderythe uninformedquoted inreaderthis ence the more important.-"And his testimony about withthose thepresent.facts Cf.of notethe priesthood8a. It was restorationcopied intoas Patriachalalready understoodBlessing Bookby

priesthood is consistently given from 1830 until his 2, pp.17Of1415.this Defense, Neal said, "No more important document has

death in 1850. To demand more than this is to beenLaban"unearthedleaflets, sinceNo. 11,I havep. 1.been engaged in this warfare.""Sword of

impose an unrealistic perfectionism upon history. June lsThe2, 1905,date accordingof Neat's receiptto his ofletterthe printedsupposedby CowderyWingfieldDefenseWatson,is

Oliver Cowdery as a man is a superb individual: Propheticreference toControversy,its existence.No. 6 (1905), p. 1. This is the first known

sensitive, perceptive, intelligent, with an outspoken 23, 'Letter1846, LDSof OliverChurchCowderyHistorian'sto PhineasOffice.Young,The Tiffin,text citedOhio, isMarchmy

honesty that made him a courageous dissenter on transcriptionThe story of andthe discoverypunctuationandfromthe afirstphotographpublicationin theof theHistorian'sletter is Office.found

more than one occasion in an eventful life. He left inGeneralthe talkConferenceof Alonzo(SaltA. LakeHinckley,City, Conference1934), pp. Report,12729. 104thThe letterAnnualis

solid references and vivid descriptions of two separate reprintedpp. 25051.by Stanley R. Gunn, Oliver Coivdery (Salt Lake City, 1962),

priesthood restorations in his own writing in Church Cowderv's-"See RichardReaffirmations,"Lloyd Anderson,Brigham "ReubenYoung UniversityMiller, RecorderStudies,ofVol.Oliver8,

3 No. (Spring, 27793. 1968), pp. in spontaneous conversations, in personalrecords, text Historian's Office. Miller -'Reuben Journal, Church The LDS

of phrase journal, from the the the incomplete exception with speech public last recorded private letters, and in his article. this in reading plural is the discussedis copied of note "angels"26 The

at the close of his life. If human integrity exists, the ofthethefinaloriginal,"s."though some published accounts have erroneously dropped

restoration of the two priesthoods is a supernatural 1849.--StatementThe text ofis copiedOliver Cowderyfrom the toearliestSamuelknownW. Richards,publicationJanuary(Deseret13,

descripRichards'which News, March accompanied by 21, 1884), was world.reality of the modern tion of of the statement: the obtaining circumstances about "As

he continued) (To in his his to take leave with he penned, hand and own hemy waspresence,

FOOTNOTES theThe testimonyearliest entryand statementto mentionherewith,the statementwhich I indeemRichards'worthy incompletelyof record."

is preserved journal of that 1881. 26, Phillips, June York: B. Truth Ring The Macmillan of (New 'J. Comis of history of ancient "'The study copies docuon based Phillips'32. pany, admission that p. 112) (p. 1967), Compare New

to existed, originals are since ments of have once any entireknown no resurrection are as not arranged evidence appearances Testament by of antiquity, major writing including Cicero's the Testament. But historical or of legal suspicious Newthere standards: highly "I should be

still letters is if his, are exist later in copies. only even if they The same were."they criticalthem

true to Richards. note of Cowdery's 1, Seasons, Vol. 3, No. 19 -Times and p. 866. (August 1842),

of -'These Richards memories were printed 50 years after the visit in this article are in quotations to Modifications limited corrections and prior recollections probably but repeated often Cowdery were in spelling punctuation. modernizations This account and

that time. the laying his Obviously, act of hands Cowdery's fairlyupon History Documentary Salt of the Church (2d ed.; Lake is City,reprinted1946),in towith

signifieasily head would together be personal remembered, with the Vol. 1, pp. 3940.

the act at of time. cance that of physicalncss the he recalled Vol. When does reminiscence -DHC, not mention

descriptions, Cowdery's he to hold demanding was 74 enough and acute Oliver hut6, pp.the 24950.allusion isThis incidental Cowdery, designed and not to be positions leadership. of Church firstperson-.singular detailed. of narration undermerely method The

-'History inVol. the Reorganized Church, scores of of the personal the involvement 1, pp. Prophet.

terpretation with quoted F. approval Edwards, by Seasons, Henry 3, 'Times No. and 6465. AThisCom23 (October 1, 1842), p. 936.

mentary Doctrine is (rev. ed.; on isthe and Covenants MisIndependence, in quotation found The 128:20. Vol.D&C

souri, 103. p. 1946), Vol. 3, p. 387. "DHC,

instance, -"For is left of phrase the incomplete normally out '<I)&C an 50:2-3 (current 1213 27:8, ed.); ed. (1835 D&C

T Miller of at account Reuben speech his return Cowdery's to the Church. Vol. entry 2, p. 51, of April for the ). blessing 19, 1834, See DHC,

after immediately of description the to the of t the ordination "th Oliver assist qualified to he be in Cowdery Elder Rigdon "...."Priesthood. this the of reads: ItMelcmzedekappears angeis arranging holy the "by of and God"Church Covenants. Book

s the in Ibid., necessary was that."order more Vol. the entry of Despite recording p. incomplete 2, 1835. 244,.17, August minutes These were

printed as the final item in the Kirtland edition of the D&C. of the thought, Cowdery was obviously expressing the opinion that the

N-'Church Historian's Patriarchal Blessing Book 1, p. 12, copied into restoration of the higher priesthood was "all the more necessary"than

Patriarchal Blessing Book 2, p. 23, cited in Joseph Fielding Smith, the lesser priesthood.

24 Improvement Era INNOVATIONS in mind with one purpose

Retarder Yards to expedite your shipments Microwave and Radio Communications Land Development to help industry grow

BETTERContainerized Shipping for importexport Computerized InformationSERVICEfor efficient service Mineral Research to develop industry for the customers and communities we serve

pulling together

September 1968 25 The Era Asks

About Church Schools

Throughout much of the world, September represents "backto-school"month for millions of students. Well over 100,000 of these students are Latterday Saint

youths attending Churchsponsored institutions. Harvey L. Taylor, administrator

of Church schools—all Church schools other than Brigham Young University—has

had a distinguished career in education, including service as elementary school teacher and principal, high school principal, school district superintendent, and college president, and activity in numerous educational committees and associations.

Q. How large and widespread is the Church such as in Mexico, South America, and some Pacific

school system? islands. In addition, the Church College of Hawaii, a

A. Church schools are of several kinds and are fouryear liberal arts college, is centrally located in the

located in many places throughout the world. Each Pacific to serve Latterday Saint youths from the Pacischool serves the particular needs of Church youths fic and Far Eastern countries. Institutes of religion are

in that area. Church elementary and secondary schools now in operation near colleges and universities where

are located in areas where they can assist governments there are large enrollments of Latterday Saint in providing educational opportunities for our youth, students. Seminary programs—released time, early

Classroom wing of Church College of WestStudents at Vaiola school in Western Samoa in physical education class. dances Typical classroom Samoa.,School serves students from learnem scene in one of 30 chapplantation adjoins school Church elsisland in Mexico. used of Upulo.

r<rL

morning, Indian, or home 1 study—are organized in 49 elementary and high schools?

states in the United States and in nine other countries. A. Children are taught in their native language

The accompanying chart provides a more detailed in all Latin American countries and in Tahiti. Howsummary of the extent of the Church school system. ever, English is taught in these schools as a second

Q. Why is the Church involved in such a large language because Englishspeaking students are in

educational program when its prime mission is redemand for employment, and because in the Pacific ligion? few curriculum materials are available in Pacific island

A. Governments in some countries where the languages; also, many graduates of the Pacific schools

Church is now rapidly increasing in membership do go on to attend the Church College of Hawaii, where not provide educational opportunities for a large perthey study in English.

centage of children; thus, the only opportunity these Q. How are our educational efforts accepted in

youngsters have for an education is often through the South Seas?

parochial schools. The situation in these countries A. Very well. Our standards of education are

now is similar to that of the Saints when they first high, and the quality and preparation of our teachers settled in the Rocky Mountains. All schools in the excellent. Our buildings and equipment are the best.

early days of the Church were church schools, and An example of acceptance is in Tonga. King

most of these were closed when the states established Taufa'ahau Tupou IV, a remarkably welleducated schools sufficient to provide for the needs of all youth. man with fine leadership ability, has been on our

The prime mission of the Church involves religious Liahona campus, has given commencement addresses, education. Therefore, the whole seminary and instiand has spoken highly of the school on many occatute program is designed to provide religious instrucsions. The Liahona High School band is recognized

tion in connection with regular secular education. In as the most outstanding band on the island. It is

all elementary and secondary Church schools, regardreally the "official"band of Tonga and usually plays less of the countries in which they are located, classes at government functions and celebrations, and when in religion arc taught daily. tourist ships arrive on the island of Tonga'tapu.

Q. Are all Latterday Saint youth in these under- Q. The Church operates several plantations in

privileged areas able to attend Church schools? the Pacific. What do these have to do with the

A. I wish this were possible. We are working to schools?

this end as rapidly as Church funds can be made A. Plantations arc operated to serve our schools

available. in Samoa and Tonga. We have approximately 2,000

Q. Where should we have more Church schools? acres on which we raise beef and dairy cattle, swine,

A. In areas where there are large numbers of and chickens; native food crops, such as taro, coconut,

Latterday Saint young people who cannot attend and bananas; and western vegetables such as corn,

government schools. This is particularly true in Latin beans, carrots, and cabbage.

American countries and various areas of the Pacific. Because of the great distance students have to

Q. Is the language of the country spoken in the travel from the various islands, we maintain boarding

Student receives individual attention in an Liahona High School students participate in Chilean third graders work in narrow quarelementary class in Mexico. physical educational activity. ters.

f f. WTm

wL 1 schools at Tonga's Liahona High School and at the The school is producing outstanding athletic teams.

Sauniatu and Vaiola schools in Western Samoa. StuDuring the past year, its rugby team became the

dents work 12 to 15 hours a week on the plantation unofficial U.S. national champions, and the volleyball

to help earn school expenses. The food produced on team placed fourth nationally.

the plantation is used in our cafeterias. Q. What is the state of progress of schools in

At Benemerito in Mexico, students work two hours Mexico?

a day on a large ranch—part of the school campus—A. This is an inspiring story. About twelve years

to help meet their school costs. ago, there were only one mission and fewer than

All student work is carefully supervised and is con- 8,000 members in Mexico. We now have five missions

sidered part of student vocational training. and over 50,000 Saints.

Q. Can you use more teachers from the states Because of insufficient educational facilities, the

in the Pacific schools? Church felt the necessity of providing secular educa-

A. Yes. In most cases teachers serve on a threetion for its children. President McKay gave permisyear contract. However, under certain circumstances, sion for Church cultural halls and classrooms to be

their contracts can be renewed for an additional three used as schools, but at the same time he made this years'. Any teacher interested should write to Office statement: "Remember, we must have all Latterday

of the Administrator, A-333 ASB, Brigham Young Saint teachers. You go ahead and organize the

University, Provo, Utah 84601. schools and the Lord will provide the teachers."A

Q. Is the Church College of Hawaii fulfilling its year ago, we attended the first conference of Latteroriginal purpose to serve as a college for the youth day Saint teachers in that country. Of the 150

of the Pacific? present, nearly all were recent converts and were

A. Yes. When President David O. McKay parcertified by the Mexican government. They are

ticipated in the groundbreaking ceremonies at the strong in their testimonies and in their educational college on February 12, 1955, he said, in part: "... and preparation.

from this school, I tell you, will go men and women Our elementary schools in Mexico serve grades one whose influence will be felt for good toward the through six, but since not many of our Latterday Saint establishment of peace internationally."Mexican students were attending high school, it was

The school is becoming internationally known as a determined that we should build a large high school summer retreat for scholars wishing to study Polyin Mexico City. It was estimated that we would need

nesian history, culture, and customs. Many of the 300 acres for a school site and sufficient land to raise

graduates of the school return to their respective meat and other foods for our boarding students. The

homelands to become teachers and workers. story of how we located this land is dramatic. To

Ten languages are spoken on this campus. To find 300 acres of good producing land near Mexico

nearly all of the students, English is a foreign lanCity is almost unheard of. However, one day we

guage. Most of them come from the Pacific and Far received a call from a young man saying that he had

East. found a beautiful farm of 286 acres that was for sale.

Students of Church College of New Zealand

Students at Vina del Mar dance "el pericon,"assemble. English custom prevails, and

national dance of Uruguay. students wear uniforms.

The missions in Texas now teach in both English and Spanish,

I went to Mexico immediately and found the land nacle Choir, in Mexico as a part of the preOlympic to be exactly what we needed. Not only was there ceremonies at the Palace of Fine Arts, sang at the

large acreage, but a large dairy herd and a milk dedication.

processing plant also. Elder Marion G. Romney, then Adjacent to the campus we have constructed a

in charge of the Mexican missions, came to Mexico beautiful seminary building. Every student registers

the next day and was impressed with the property. for daily seminary classes. As a part of the seminary

Within 48 hours, the land was purchased, and this building, a fine auditorium serves for Sunday services.

opened the way for one of the finest school plants in Q. How is the school accepted by Mexicans?

Mexico. A. We constantly turn down requests from

On this property we have an elementary school prominent nonLDS Mexican people who want to serving students in the local area, a high school servsend their children to this school for their education.

ing graduates from all our schools in all of Mexico, The school has received an excellent rating from a preparatory school for high school graduates wishing Mexican public school officials. Mexican cabinet offito attend a university, and a normal school or college cials participated in the dedication services of the

for high school graduates desiring to prepare themnew buildings. We use texts furnished by the Mexiselves to become teachers. can government. All teachers are Mexican citizens.

The children are still quite young when they gradThe schools in Colonia Juarez and Colonia Dublan, uate from the sixth grade and leave their homes to Mexico, were established many years ago and until come to Benemerito. The Church Board of Education, the last few years have been "transplants"of United

therefore, authorized the building of 50 cottages, each States institutions. However, the curriculum has now

housing 16 students and foster parents. In these homes been changed and is the same as that in Mexican

the children live in a family situation, doing their government schools. Our graduates can now be adown cooking, washing, and housekeeping, and having mitted to institutions of higher learning in the country.

evening prayers, home evenings, and other family Q. What can you report about the Chilean

activities. schools?

Students go to school from eight until two o'clock, A. Several years ago, it was decided to establish

when they all have jobs of one kind or another at three pilot schools in or near Santiago, Chile. These

the school or on the ranch. schools were to be located in the classrooms and

On July 27 of this year, 16 new buildings were cultural halls of chapels as in Mexico. However,

dedicated bv President N. Eldon Tanner. The Taberbecause of the rapid increase of enrollment, extra

Elementary school students at Papeete, Missionary from Hawaii instructs Navaho Chilean sixth grade committee members

Tahiti, move chairs to open bowery for Indian seminary students at Tuba City develop chart. Use of student committees

assembly. reservation school. is new to Chilean schools.

Ricks College is rated very high their college work. The Board of Education has

authorized the construction of many new buildings, in academic circles. including residence halls for students.

The school is rated high in academic circles in the country, and the faculty is strong in terms of the number of doctorates. A college stake was organized

classrooms are now being built on space adjacent to there on May 7, 1965.

various chapels. Q. Is the LDS Business College a part of the

Currently, schools are in operation at Santiago, Church school system?

Valparaiso, and Vina del Mar. These schools have A. Yes. The LDS Business College is accredited

been very well accepted. Enrollment has increased as a junior college of business and serves between

this year from 375 to 811. All classes are taught in 800 and 1,000 students a year. This spring 148 stuSpanish, and teachers and directors are citizens of dents were graduated. A regular institute program

Chile. The superintendent, however, is from the is organized on the campus to provide religious inUnited States. Our former superintendent was asked struction for all those attending.

by the Bolivian government to help revise its educa- Q. Is the seminary and institute program spreadtional system. ing worldwide?

The future of the schools in South America will A. Yes. We now have seminaries and institutes

depend upon policies adopted by the Church Board in 49 states in the U.S. and in Canada, and seminaries

of Education. The need is there, and, as in Mexico, in West Germany, Japan, Finland, Guatemala, Panama.

a large percentage of the schoolage children are Mexico, England, and Australia.

unable to receive an education. The Church is growUnder a new plan approved by the Board of Eduing rapidly in this area. About eleven years ago, cation, it now becomes possible for Latterday Saint

there were five members of the Church in all of youth throughout the world to participate in the

Chile. Today, there are nearly 12,000. Therefore, it seminary program through home study. A pilot study

is possible that more schools may be established in that was conducted in three states last year proved the future, not only in Chile but also in other South very successful. Homestudy packets that have been

American countries. developed by welltrained curriculum experts are

Q. Do you have anything to report on Ricks sent to students through branch presidents who make

College? application. Once a week students meet with a

A. Ricks College is the largest churchrelated teacher in their respective branches. Once a month

junior college in the world, with an enrollment this students in a given area meet with a fulltime semiyear of nearly 4,000 and a campus of 275 acres. Since nary coordinator to spend half a day on lessons and

Ricks is the only junior college in the Church school half a day in recreational activities, under the supersystem, it serves a real purpose in the lives of thouvision of the MIA. This fellowshipping has many

sands of young people who come there to begin advantages and helps Latterday Saint youth establish

Chilean second graders team math in childLiahona High School students at Tonga help directed demonstrations, a method new to earn way by loading coconut husks, to be Eighthgrade art students practice technique

Chilean education. used tor fuel in churches and schools. at Vina del Mar school in Chile.

Improvement Era

acquaintances with others of their own faith. This and languages bearing witness that they know the

program can grow into earlymorning seminaries when gospel of Jesus Christ is true.

there are enough students to warrant it. At the present—To see the happy faces of Indian children as I

this is the most exciting innovation in Church school visit them in their classrooms and realize that in our education. time the promises made to their fathers are coming

Q. What is the most thrilling aspect of your to pass.

work?—To see evidence of high ideals and wholesome

A. To see Latterday Saint youth of many culstandards of young people who are receiving Church

tures in many lands eager for learning, personal school education.

growth, and development.—To hear the gratitude of parents whose children

—To witness baptisms of hundreds of young people are learning to "read and write."

as a result of the influence of our schools, seminaries,—To work with welltrained, dedicated teachers and

and institutes. administrators and their families who give so much

—To hear testimonies of youth in many cultures of themselves that this work might go forward. O

CHURCH SCHOOLS (other than BYU) (June 1968)

faculty of % from Country Elementary(location). Secondary(location) (location)College studentsNo. of

local area

United States:

Hawaii Church College of 1,096

Hawaii (Laie) Idaho Ricks College (2-yr. at 3,498

Rexburg) Utah LDS Business College 656 (Salt lake City)

Pacific Islands:

New Zealand Church College of 647 13%

New Zealand (high school Temple View) Western Samoa 3: Apia, Sauniatu, Vaiola Church College of 1,136 68%

Western Samoa (high school—Apia)

American Samoa 7th & 8th grades Mapusaga High School 364 10%

Pago Pago (Pago Pago) Tonga 9: various chapel Liahona High School 1,232 57%

locations (Nukualofa) Tahiti Papeete Primary School 482 71%

Mexico 30: in various cities Juarez Academy Benemerito Preparatory

(Colonia Juarez) & Normal Schools 5,924 100%

Benemerito (Mexico City) (Mexico City) Chile 3: Santiago 811 96%

2: Valparaiso,

Vina del Mar

Seminaries:

United States 209 fulltime seminaries, and 2,002 earlymorning seminary classes in 49 states Home study classes in 32 branches

Foreign Countries Mexico (758 students)

Guatemala ( 50 students) Panama ( 17 students) West Germany ( 50 students) Japan ( 72 students) Finland ( 32 students) 104,268 indian program 1,308 classes 14,259

Institutes located at 228 colleges 38,732 & universities in 34 states & 3 foreign countries

September 1968 31 Part 2 TheFUght ofthe Wrnien and Children

By Karl B. Young

Professor of English, Brigham Young

University

At daylight on the morning of man had come straight to Dave. the men to pack up their families

July 27, 1912, a young man on a Dave was just going out to do and send them out, the written mule came riding up to Dave his morning chores when the mesinstructions stated that they were

Brown's place in Chuichupa. He senger reined up in the yard and to give up their arms, which were

had ridden all day and all night, handed him those letters. They all to be sent on the train for debringing instructions from Presiadvised the bishop to get the livery to Salazar's officers at Nuevo

dent Romney down in the lower women and children ready to go Casas Grandes at the same time as valley 80 miles away. The word he and said that the women could take the women and children went out

brought was that the colonists were 100 pounds of luggage each and to the border. The secret stateto bundle up their women and 50 pounds for each child. That ment, however, advised the colochildren and send them out of was all the baggage that would be nists to keep their best guns and

Mexico. The rider had left this allowed. Everything else was to hide them so that they would be

message and had then changed be left in their homes, which the ready for use in a crisis.

mounts and come on to Chuichupa. families were about to abandon. Dave climbed on his horse and

Chuichupa's bishop, George T. The men were to take their families struck out at a high lope for Bishop

Sevey, did not live in town. He over to Rio Chico station and send Sevey's place. As he rode he kept

was running a dairy over in a them on the train to El Paso, and turning over in his mind the premograssy swale, where an old sawthen they were to remain behind. nition that had bothered him

mill had been located. The boiler Dave took the young man into during the week before. The

of the abandoned mill, its carcass the house and had his wife cook townspeople had been celebrating rusting away in the heavy mountain breakfast and make a bed for him. the anniversary of the arrival of

rains, was lying out there with the But the messenger went back out the Saints in Salt Lake Valley July long grass growing up around it, with Dave in order to put his mule 24, 1847. The oldtimers had set

and it was a good place to graze away while Dave saddled up to up bows and stretched covers over cows. ride over and tell the bishop. As some old wagons, and Brother

Bishop Sevey's location meant Dave was cinching up his saddle, Baker had hooked up a cow with that there was no one with authorthe rider gave him some verbal in- a horse to represent the hardships ity in town except Dave, the structions that were to accompany of 65 years before. They had

bishop's counselor. Thus the young the written ones. Besides telling paraded around the streets and

32 Improvement Era Let's play showdown. let's compare. Get out your cards, and

AMERICAN OIL OTHER CARD

YES NO YES NO 1. Has a revolving charge plan that

lets you pay your payment in pieces*. DD

2. Can be used for car rentals at over

2,500 locations. ED DD

3. Lets you charge lodgings at any of

over 1,500 motels and hotels across ED the country, along with food and other DD services.

4. Does not make you pay an annual

membership charge. DD

tan 5.AmericanMakes OilyouMotoreligibleClub.to join the DD

6. Can be used coastto-coast. 7. Lets you pay for your travel and DD

accident insurance sold by Imperial

Casualty and Indemnity Company.

8. Lets you charge up to $75 in car

repairs. ID DD

9. Is good for tires, batteries, and accessories. 0D DD

*How Revolving Charge Works: When you receive your bill there will be two

amounts you can pay if the bill is over $10. The full amount, and another smaller

amount. The smaller amount will either be 10% of your total bill (if the bill is

over $100) or $10 (if your bill is under $100). As with all plans of this type there

is a service charge called a Time Price Differential.

The American Oil Company, Chicago, I

September 1968 33 gone down on the public square and made a camp. They had

pulled their wagons into a circle and had begun to prepare a meal.

Then the young men in the town, who had dressed up like Indians, rushed in on them and were, of course, chased off, with much shooting in the air and yelling.

Naturally, that had made all of the Mexicans in the vicinity come piling down there to see what it was all about. Dave had gone

over and explained to them what the show represented, and they had taken it all in openmouthed. He

had explained to them that the

Latterday Saints were commemorating their escape from oppressors in the East and were giving thanks for their chance to live and worship in peace. Then that night the

community had held a dance. The

bishop had come over from his ranch for the celebration and was having a good time at the dance.

But Dave was sitting alone on a bench at the head of the floor.

When the bishop saw him there, he came up and said, "What's the matter, Dave? Why aren't you

dancing and having a good time?

Are you sick?"

"No, heartsick is all."

"Why, what in the world would make you heartsick?"

"I don't know. I just have an impression. There is a black cloud

hanging over me. I feel that something terrible is going to happen."

"Oh, Dave, you just had too much picnic down below there."

"Tom,"Dave answered, "that's the strange thing about it. I didn't

eat anything. Just a few bites is

all."Now as he rode hard and fast for Bishop Sevey, Dave thought of all that: how his people had been

driven out of Nauvoo, and about forty years later, how his father had been driven out of Utah and then Arizona, and finally into

Mexico. And now, 25 years after

Illustration by Bill Whittaker

Improvement Era

that, he and his people were being sent him over to Chico to wait and that Pacheco suffered after the driven away again. Moreover, this give the town a signal. Railway colonists had left. General Salazar

time it was in a big hurry. They coaches had already been ordered is reported to have occupied the

had time only to pick up what they by the Church authorities down at town and fields with seven hundred could carry and clear out. Colonia Juarez. The horseman took men. For the first week after the

When he reached the little dairy a charge of dynamite with him so Latterday Saint men had withranch, Dave stepped down off his that when he learned for a cerdrawn, the rebels had A. P. Spilshorse and handed Bishop Sevey the tainty that a train would be at the bury, a Mormon from Colonia

letter without a word. The bishop station ready for passengers, he Juarez who had decided to stay on

read it and shook his head. could set off a blast that would be after the others left in a body in

"God won't permit a thing like heard in Chuichupa and would early August, use his team to haul that to happen to us,"he said. let everyone know that cars supplies for them. They broke up

"Listen, Bishop, we've got the would be there at the station when the colony threshing machine, their word of the Lord, from his reprethey arrived. seeders, reapers, and other farm

sentative, right there in black and The whole village heard the machinery. They killed the colowhite, and it says this thing has dynamite blast at daylight the next nists'cows for beef and ate their

already happened to us. Now it's morning, and they began piling hogs and chickens. They took great

up to you and me to get busy and things into their wagons. They quantities of corn and potatoes

get this matter straightened out."could take only a few clothes, a from the fields and turned their

So Dave's black cloud settled little bedding, and enough food to horses out to feed on patches of down on the bishop, too. But they last until they reached El Paso. corn and oats. In the homes they

started right then getting the What would happen to them there smashed the organs and the family people ready to go. Nevertheless, they did not know. No one had portraits and pictures, and desome of them flatly refused to gotime to collect accounts or settle stroyed other household articles. In

at first, anyway. Sister Baker, for personal affairs. And practically the cellars were many jars of fruit,

instance, said, "I'm not going a nobody had any ready cash, espepreserves, jellies, and other supstep. The Lord will not permit such cially in United States money, plies, such as flour and groceries.

a thing to happen to us."which they would need across the The rebels invited natives from

"Aunt Ruanne,"Dave answered, border. Some of the outfits that surrounding communities to come

"you pack your things. Get the people were preparing to travel and help themselves to these things,

most important ones and put them with were miserable affairs. Many and to furniture, harnesses, plows,

in your trunk, because you are go- a woman had spread a sheet out on and other farm tools. They emptied

ing. I know that you are going."the floor and tossed things in the bed ticks on the floor and took the

"I know I'm not,"she insisted. middle and then tied the four cloth for their own use, even re-

"I know I'll pick you up bodily corners. In spite of their instrucmoving cloth that had been tacked

and throw you in a wagon and toss tions, some of them had tried to up to support wallpaper on the your things in with you, if you take too much. Considerable lugceilings.

don't get ready to go. Now you gage was left standing beside the Such was the first backwash after

start preparing. And that's that."railroad track when the train the exodus of the men from the

The result of so much hurry and pulled out. The men folk, no doubt, mountain colonies. But we anticibustle was confusion. People were took such items back to town with pate our story. The women and

so bewildered that over half of them when they returned with their children went out several days in them took the wrong things. In all empty wagons. But they might just advance of the men, and Dave

of the other colonies it was the as well have left everything where Brown was supposed to go out same. No one had much time to it stood, because within two weeks with them. He was chosen partly

think. At Chuichupa they only the bandits had it all anyway when because he was second in authority

had about twentyfour hours before the men were called to desert their in the little community, partly bethey were to leave to catch the towns and go across the border to cause he did not know whether his train at the little station of Rio join their families. wife was going to give birth in a

Chico, 18 miles away. No one was What happened at Chuichupa wagon, on the train, or after arriveven sure that there would be a was probably also happening at ing at El Paso, and partly because

train waiting for them. In order the other mountain colonies. For someone had to go along anyway to

to determine that matter, Bishop example, Joel H. Martineau retake charge of things. One could

Sevey put a man on a horse and corded some of the depredations not leave the responsibility of a

September 1968 35 Without their husbands and with little food, of both of them. She was a woman

of great practical ability and strong the women and children character. Despite the jeering of

headed for El Paso. thetinuedMexicansministeringup ahead,to thoseshe condis-

tressed women.

move like that to women who were no condition for all this travel, Among the hooting Mexicans was almost exhausted with fright and worry, and excitement. But he did one young fellow for whom Dave

the responsibility of getting their not have any time to spend with had done many favors but who evifamilies ready to depart. Except her, because he had to take care of dently felt no gratitude. He was

for John Williams, who was going everybody else. The train had meaner than any army mule. He

because his wife was also close to scarcely cleared the station before and all of the other Mexicans had an expected confinement, Dave was people began calling, "Dave, Dave!"watched while the colonists loaded

the only man in the group who was One woman had fainted when she their baggage and the guns onto young enough to have stayed looked out the window and saw the the train at Chico, and the fellow behind. men folk left by the roadside. Dave had probably at that time conIt is a good thing that Dave went picked her up and carried her into ceived a scheme to plague the

along, for when the train pulled the car ahead, where there was Mormons later.

into Nuevo Casas Grandes, where more room. It was a secondclass The engine pulled out with its

the colonists were to deliver the car, with benches running lengthload at about midday under a guns and saddles that had been wise along each side and two broiling sun, but the heat in the requested in the written instrucbenches with their backs together mountains was nothing like what tions from their stake president, a running down the center. The the passengers encountered when

big Mexican army was swarming colonists'own coaches had seats they came out onto the plateau.

around the station, and the soldiers running crosswise and an aisle The train had been running through constituted one big, howling mob. down the middle. He needed one rain up in the high mountain

But Dave's troubles started long of those long benches so that he passes before it reached Chico, and before he ever reached Casas could lay the woman down where the wooden frames of the passenGrandes. At Rio Chico station, he she could stretch out and be comger cars were all swelled up until

and the other "Chupe"men had fortable. not a window could be opened.

piled everyone onto that train who Dave had told someone to go Besides that, the supply of drinking was supposed to go—feeble old and find Aunt Lettie Croft, who water, inadequate for a normal

men, women, some pregnant, some was a midwife, and then picked up load of passengers, had soon given of them with families of 12 children the prostrate woman and left her out under the demands of this large—and in addition all of their behusband right where he sat. He crowd. Everyone was thirsty, but

longings that could be taken along was a good old fellow, but quite the little children and babies were with them. Then when the train dazed under the circumstances and crying continually in their discomstarted to pull out, leaving all those incapable of doing a thing to help. fort. Dave had his hands full. A

husbands and fathers standing beThere was a scattering of Mexican sisterin-law, the wife of Dave's side the tracks, some of the women men in the front end of the car brother, noticed everybody crying just could not accept what was ahead, but Dave could not be conand said, "Everybody on this train happening to them. Their huscerned about them. He carried the is bawling but Dave, and he's got a

bands had been told to go back to unconscious lady up into that car smile on his face, God bless his

Chuichupa to try to take care of and laid her out on one of those heart!"

their homes and property, but the long benches, and Aunt Lettie John Williams answered, "Yes, women, with all their children, came along behind to take care of but that smile on his face is all a were heading for El Paso without her. The Mexicans laughed, but big lie. It's just painted."And

much food, with practically no Dave ignored them. No sooner later Dave had to confess that it

money, and with no notion of what had he entered the car and put his was true. But he could not afford

was going to happen to them when burden down than people in the to weaken. He was in no position

they reached the end of the run. car he had just left started calling to let down.

It was a question whether they that another woman had fainted. When the train reached Pearson,

would break down. So he went back and carried her Brother Harris, a local officer in

Dave's wife was sitting there in forward too. Aunt Lettie took care the Church, boarded one of the

36 Improvement Era Chuichupa cars. He had come up

from Colonia Juarez to meet the refugees and aid in any way he could. He was immediately busy

writing out receipts for each of the guns and pistols that had been loaded on the baggage cars at Rio

Chico. He intended to present the

receipts to an army officer who was to be waiting to receive the guns in Nuevo Casas Grandes. This man

would then sign the receipts and give them back to Elder Harris.

But as the train drew into the station at Casas, the little troublemaker in the coach ahead jumped off and ran to tell the officer who was about to receive the guns that the colonists had more guns, a lot more of them concealed in their baggage.

Meanwhile, Dave showed the soldiers where the guns were stacked in the baggage car and stepped off the train to go over and speak to the officer. But he was

immediately surrounded by a surging mob with bayonets pointed at him, and the men holding the guns were all howling at him and acting as if they were crazy. The women

on the train were peeking out of the windows to watch what was going on, and when they saw Dave hemmed in by these mad men, they thought he was going to be killed and all began to cry again.

Dave finally worked his way over to the officer who was to receive the guns. But the fellow

whirled on him and began to abuse him fearfully. He was supposed

to be in command here, but he was raving as madly as any of his men.

As Dave reflected on the situation later, he thought perhaps the fellow was deliberately trying to involve the United States in the revolution. Some of the Mexicans,

Dave surmised, wanted to persecute the Mormons because they were American citizens, in the hopes that they would bring about intervention by the United States. That,

Illustration by Bill Whittaker

September 1968 "That hombre...doesn't know anything toButgetas soonany asmorethe drinkingtrain was water.on its

about it, or else he is lying...."wayhis burningagain, everyonethirst. rememberedDave even

raided a private car at the back of the train and got all of the water they figured, would throw the At this the officer ordered his it had, but that was not nearly

Mexicans all back together again. men to release Harris, who came enough. Everyone had to endure

They planned to use the Mormons and handed the Mexican the sheaf his thirst all the rest of the way as a means to their end. But just of receipts. But the officer was to El Paso.

now this man kept screaming at still not satisfied. He objected that The train paused in Ciudad

Dave, waving his hands and acting this was not all of the guns that Juarez before crossing the bridge as if he had lost his senses. So the Mormons had with them. He to El Paso. While it was waiting a

Dave seized him bv the shoulders claimed that they had a lot more boy came running to Dave, "Go and shook him hard. hidden in the baggage car. Evito the front, quick. You are needed

"How do you expect me to tell dently the young hombre who had up there."Dave hurried forward

you anything when you do all the watched the gringos get on the as fast as he could, with this boy talking? Shut up, if you want me train at Chico had told a convincfollowing him and telling him,

to tell you about those guns. Let ing story. The officer held Dave "There's a man up there demandme talk!"and Harris for questioning while ing an American dollar from every

"Well, talk then. And you better the women and children sweltered passenger on the train, a Mexican

make it good."in the heat of the cars and the pickpocket."

"All right, but you keep still Mexican soldiers searched the lugUpon approaching this fellow, until I'm through."But the man gage. They pulled it all out of the Dave reached with a sudden gescould not keep quiet. He immecars, opened it up, and pawed ture for his hind pocket and said,

diately began to ask again about through it, but, of course, they "Alto! Put up your hands."Then

all those guns that Dave was found no more guns. he spoke over his shoulder, "Go

concealing. At last a brakeman on the train call the police."His play was all

"Listen to me,"Dave said. went up to the officer and said, a bluff, because he did not have

"Those guns were all brought here "Now, I am sure that the young any gun. But the Mexican had

to be delivered to you. And I have man who has been telling you that been bluffing too, for he did not

receipts all made out for you to there are more guns in the baggage have a gun either. So it worked.

sign for the delivery of the guns."car doesn't know what he is talkOr possibly it was Dave's size that

"Well, let's have them then."ing about. I was there at Chico cowed the man, because Dave was

But Dave didn't have the rewhen those guns were put on the a good sixfeet-six when he stood ceipts. Brother Harris had them. train, and I know that there are up straight. The Mexicans, for the

Dave turned around to see if he no more of them. What's more, most part, are not so tall, and that

could locate Harris and began to you are holding up the train. It is is probably why they used to call

call, "Where are you, Harris? a long way to Ciudad Juarez, and him David-y-media—"Daveand-a-

Where are you, Brother Harris?"you have made us late enough now. half."Anyway, the fellow just

The officer interrupted him again, That hombre that spoke to you stood and stared at him. But after

but Dave shouted at him, "I've got doesn't know anything about it, or the cry, "Police! Police!"went up

a man here with the receipts all else he is simply lying and ought to two or three times, the officers made out,"and he called again for be punished. I would like you to came running and jerked the fellow

Harris. This time Harris heard let these people alone and permit out of the train. The last the Morhim and answered. my train to go on through."mons saw of him, the policemen

"I'm right over here, and I'm After that the officer gave some were dragging him across to the completely surrounded, with bayoorders, and his soldiers threw all jail.

nets poking in my ribs until I can't the baggage back in the cars Then the train pulled across the move."topsyturvy, and the train went on. river and up to the Union Station,

"That's the man,"Dave said, It was a miserable trip. Everyone where the people of El Paso

"and your soldiers won't let him had been so occupied with the showed much sympathy and comcome over here to us. They've got squabble over the guns at Casas passion for the refugees. Citizens

him surrounded."Grandes that no one had thought met them with carriages, buggies,

38 Improvement Era LOOK WHAT THE MOST REMARKAB E COUNTRY CLUB IN THE ES"FERS ITS MBERS:'HORSES: A large stable

of outstanding riding

horses, available to club members only.

GOLF: The spectacular

new 18hole Bloomington

course ready for play March of '69.

SKIING: Members have

exclusive use of

Bloomington Swiss chalet

at Brian Head.

YACHT: 35foot yacht

at Lake Powell or Lake Mead available to members.

SWIMMING:

Finest pool in Southern Utah

for yeararound use.

JEEPS: For members'

pleasure—sightseeing,

picnics, overnight trips - a fleet of sturdy jeeps. ES/COUNTRY CLUB

Located two miles south of St. George.

"Preferred membership"in the exclusive Bloomington Country Club will be available with the purchase of your ranch or estate.

Send for your free Bloomington brochure today. Write: Ivory and Boyer,

610 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 / 165 North 100 East, St. George, Utah 84770.

September 1968 39 whitetops, and autos, and unloaded ing bedlam. The kids were running with that fellow, but he could not

everything from the train onto and skating on the slick floor. Dave afford to get mixed up in anything

these vehicles and took the lot of could not stop them. But they right then. So he just said to the

them to the Odd Fellows hall. No would fall down and bump their man, "Well, let me tell you that

one had any place to go except heads and then get up squalling. In you think a lot more of them than

there. Then the kind people who all the disorder they found a hun- I do of you."

had brought them over unloaded dred other ways to get into misThen he had to get his flock off the bundles, the baggage, and the chief. The women folk were trying and change cars. They piled out

bedding onto the sidewalk in front their best to control them, but the and onto another little train that of the hall. Since the hall was lolittle ones could not just sit on went down through the valley.

cated right in the middle of town, their hands. They were excited When he got them all loaded on

Dave had to get the possessions up because there were so many people that train, knowing that there off the street as soon as he could. around, and they did not have would be men folk to meet them

The big room that was to receive their regular jobs to keep them at their station and that they would the refugees was up above the first busy. The grownups were all not need him any more, he dropped

floor of the building, at the top of worn out, and the mothers, espeoff to catch another train back to a high flight of stairs. Dave sent cially, were completely exhausted. El Paso. He had left his wife in a

the women up first and then turned It was most trying on those mothstrange rooming house, and he to the boys and girls, who were so ers who, like Dave's wife and John knew that at any moment she worn out that they just wanted to Williams', were expecting babies. would be desperately needing his

fall down anywhere and go to Finally the Church authorities help. Since a train was just then

sleep. He stood them up on their completed arrangements to send coming in from the west, he hurfeet and put bundles on their the refugees to Arizona. When the ried and got aboard. But he had

backs. "Take that upstairs,"he train was made up, Dave loaded forgotten to give the women and

said to them. "Your mother's up them on it with their baggage, children their tickets. The tickets

there, about to lie down on a bare suitcases, bundles, and bedding, had been issued in two sections, hardwood floor. Now you git up and started them west for the Gila from El Paso to Deming, and then

there so she can make a bed."Valley. He was given all of their from Deming to Duncan, Arizona.

What would the children do but tickets and told to continue to take Dave rode back to El Paso with the fall down and go to sleep right on charge. He was on his feet to tickets for the last part of that trip

top of the bundles? Then Dave Deming, New Mexico, before he still safe in his coat pocket.

would pick them up and start them could get places for.all of his In El Paso he went straight to

again. This seemed like the bigcharges to sit down on the train. the refugee office, where the stake

gest job yet, getting those children Wherever seats were turned with president was sitting there waiting and all that baggage upstairs. Fortheir backs to each other, he would for him. He came straight to the

tunately, George F. Sevey, the take boys and girls who were sound point. "Brother Brown, where are

bishop's brother, was staying in asleep and, catching hold of an arm all those tickets you have?"

El Paso and had come to meet the and a leg, he chucked them up "Why, I don't have any tickets."

refugees. He helped Dave finish under the seats, about two under "Oh, yes, you do. On that other

the job. When they had cleared every pair of seats that were facing railroad."

everything off the pavement, the that way. He simply poked them But Dave was sure. "No, I don't

two men went up and broke out in there. Katie Brown, Sam's wife, have any tickets,"he insisted.

the bedrolls. As fast as the men went back and forth with him tryThe president simply put his

could get the rolls opened, the ing to get them located. hand inside Dave's coat pocket and

women and children fell down on When the train reached Deming, came out with the tickets.

the quilts and slept. Dave got off for a moment and But the folks from Chuichupa

Some thoughtful folks from town asked a question of a man standing had all arrived in the Gila Valley, brought galvanized tubs with water on the platform. The stranger gave where they had friends and relaand ice in them, because it was so him a quick answer: "I'm not intives, and they scattered out for a

dreadfully hot under that burning terested in anything about a bunch time among their own people.

roof. The town did all it could of Mormons."What happened to them after that

for the unhappy guests. The next That was hard for Dave to take. belongs to another story. O

of this material: reprinted by courtesy of Trie American West, in which it first appeared.morning when those in the hall He swore to himself that he would Parts

started waking up, it was a shriekgo back there someday and settle (To he continued)

40 Improvement Era Photo by Robert Perine Three separate competitions. You enterEra of Youth only for the college that you are interested in attending. Participating

colleges are Brigham Young University, Ricks College, Church College of

Hawaii. All three schools are awarding

full and partial scholarships to winners in their division. The Improvement

Era is awarding cash prizes and subContest scriptions to the magazine for those earning honorable mention. Eligible

entrants:

Under 25 on January 1, 1969 High school seniors (196869)

efcry, short stories* or feature articles should be typewritten on white paper 8V2 x 11 inches, doublespaced, on one side of the paper only.

Each entry must be designated by a pen name and must be accompanied by a sealed envelope containing:

1. The author's actual name, age, home address, title of entry, and a walletsize

photo. following statement; "This work is original,"signed by the author,

(Original means that it is the work of the writer and not something copied from some other source or planned or written by others.)

* At the top of the fir-l page of th; manuscript, the author should write either BYU,

to school designate which he/she Would )F HAWAII,

> ntry a'i nterested in '/attending if:: the'c scholarship merits a award.

* Entries mast be mailed to the En of Youth Writing Contest, 79 South State Street,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, post narked not later trTan December 81, 1968.

* Winning entries become the prop rty of The Improvement Era, The Era reserves first publication rights to all enti ies. Payment for nonwinning entries will be made

upon publication. No entries will >e returned.

for publication in The Improvement Era,

O-.rj.JlilSI

f 1

''. ''

. f ""f '-l'"I NoBetterPmy! [ ij mm 1 IJ

Mil By Dwane J. Sykes

That particular chemistry course was a real They practiced with their ponies and hard one, as college chemistry classes go. There questioned and drilled one another about the

were complicated formulas, reactions on end, answers and where to find them. By test

flow sheets, and the problems. time they had the whole thing down pat. charts—plus

Toward the end of the semester, four students As the four of them entered the room together were gloomily discussing their prospects of for the test, the tall Mormon strode up to passing the class. Two were returned missionaries, the front of the class to the professor. Pulling

one a fairly tall fellow and the other not so the pony from his pocket, he plunked it down tall. The other two were not Latterday Saints; on the desk and pointed to it, saying,

both were slender, and one had red hair. "Ever see a better pony than that one?"

"Well, I'm afraid the only way in the "No, I never did. This is indeed a fine

world I could hope to pass the test would be with pony,"replied the astonished professor, examining a really good 'pony,'"the redhead stated the apparatus.

dejectedly. Turning promptly on his heel, the student

"It's impossible to learn all that stuff. You walked back to his seat, readying his pencil

know, I've never felt more like cheating in all for the test.

my life,"confided the tall Mormon. With only a moment's hesitation, the

"Let's do it."shorter returned missionary strode directly up

Since two of them were engineers, they were and plunked his spools on the professor's able to design a pony that could hold all desk, asserting, "Yes sir, that's a real fine pony."

the information they considered necessary for the He too took his seat.

test. Using a couple of empty film spools At the back of the room, the other two

and two wooden sucker sticks, they arranged students stood, surprised. They looked at each

a narrow adding machine tape to run between other wonderingly. Then the redhead walked

the film spools. By connecting rubber toward the front desk and tossed his pony

bands to the sticks, the tape could readily be rolled out. "A real masterpiece of engineering."

forward or backward. With some practice "You can say that again,"added the thin

their scrolllike ponies could be concealed easily one, who was directly behind his companion.

in the palm of a hand and spun with the All four of them took the exam, and all four flick of a finger. It was a perfect apparatus, passed with flying colors. Subsequently,

and they became quite adept at operating it. each was graduated with a degree. They had

There was just one problem: They had become even better friends, and three of

to put the right answers on the pony. them repeatedly expressed their appreciation to the

Working together, the four students rewrote all fourth—the tall returned missionary—for his

four sets of their class notes and condensed fine example. The two nonMormons began

them into one good set. This set was doubleasking questions about the Church and started

checked with the text, and solutions to the attending some of the LDS institute classes problems and reactions were carefully with the other two. Soon both joined the

worked out. Then they condensed this set Church; one subsequently filled a mission and

of notes into a brief summary and put it on is now a Scoutmaster in a Salt Lake City ward.

the tape in pencil to be sure it was right. The short former missionary is an active

Finally, they copied over the pencil with Church worker and leader in his ward, and his ink and made three additional tapes, one apiece. tall companion is a stake president. O

September 1968 43

CD C CO C3 CO ioI CD CO 1OS </> co CD Q -3 c**CD CO CD 14> 1 CD OO CO c. < CO CD OO CD

* CD CD CO CD cd +—CO -f—Io fmmmmm O\i inex.. O O

*2 oo CL E CD OO ECD new CD C > CDE metime -chooseimand CD and "a5 CD CD CO CO OC 3 CD cz CO CO CO OsJ CO CVJ O en > CO o o3 00 COCO tXOCDO CD CD CD GOO CD ECD o00 CD T3 CD OO CD CDE O O CO 00 CD CD OCO CO CD CD CO CO OO CD CO CD CD E CO CO CDE CD CD

CD COO COO

CO CO CO CO CO CO CD CD CD GQ CD CO CO o8 CD CO oCO CD > Cut) CO I CD CO CD CD GuO = BA "+——h CO CDO CO

co CO CD CD CO > CO CD CD CD CD 03 j CD CD CD CD < OuO CO CO. "O CO CD

\ E CD 3 CD COi—CDO

CD = u CDE CO CD tCD O CD > CO CD (—CO > CD iO CO CD rJsi CO CD O

CO CD CD "co CD CD CO "co CO CD CD CD "co CD CO CO "co CO CD O CD CD oo QQ CNJ CD "co "CD CO CO CD i—CD CO

CD CDco CD CO CD CD CD O CO OCD CDOc CO O 4 iocz -QCO CO CO CD E CD>CO O tXO CD CD CD 3 CDECD CO Qd CD CD CO M CD O CD CO "I CO CO CO CO oo DO IP -cf CD CO CD CO CD CO CD CD CD CO "co CD OO CD CO CO OCD oo Anlnvitation By Rea Jensen

of seminary. I recalled her face, always marked by

a smile. The wrinkles that had found their way into

her expression were all turned upward.

For the first time in my life, thanks to her, I met

Jesus and followed him to the temple where he talked with the elders. I was with his disciples that

troubled night on the Sea of Galilee, and I remembered how he calmed them with his "Peace, be still."I was by his side when he performed his

miracles; I felt the excruciating pain as the nails

were driven into his hands and feet. Three days

later I felt the ecstasy as he arose. I knew him at

last!

Aunt Erma had taught us that death didn't end everything, and although I couldn't see how seminary could possibly go on, it did. For you see, although

Aunt Erma had left us, her memory lingered with us

It was Monday. I awoke more slowly than usual and she gave us her talented daughter, Sister Tanner,

this particular morning, and it took me longer than who blesses us now each morning and who possesses usual to fall out of bed. Somehow, through a miracumany of the attributes of her mother, plus many

lous feat, some power motivated me down the stairs others of her very own.

and into the bathroom. I had washed, dressed, and The seminary lessons are designed so perfectly

of us and our everyday gulped down a piece of dry toast by 7:30—the that they include each one

appointed time for seminary. problems. Church history is a course overflowing

It had just snowed lightly; the morning air was with experiences that enrich our testimonies.

crisp and fresh. If I wasn't awake yet, this certainly It has been said that no age period is as restless,

did the trick. I was ready for that seminary class! as carefree, or as potential as the teen years. ThereSomehow, it had the golden touch to start my day fore, one way to increase this potential, and at the

with a bang and keep it rolling until I was home again, same time remain as carefree as possible, is to safe in my cozy bed. attend seminary. Not to attend when you have the

Our regular teacher had been ill and in the hosopportunity would be shortchanging yourself. It

pital, but news of her convalescence had pushed would be like taking an ice cream cone in exchange us on. Her loving daughter and sonin-law had been for a twentydollar bill.

substituting for her. But, funny thing, today the Some of you may wonder, if you are a graduate

bishop's car was parked at the chapel. after three years, why you should go another year

I greeted the bishop warmly; then, as I hung up when you could stay in that delightful bed an extra

my coat, I noticed that everybody was very quiet. My hour. When I ask myself which year I would have

friends wore shocked expressions on their faces. missed for that selfish extra hour, I fight a duel

"What's wrong?"I remember asking them. My within myself. Would it be my first marvelous year

world turned chilly gray as the words were spoken: with Aunt Erma and Jesus? Or which of these last

"Aunt Erma passed away."three years could I ever miss? Not only have I

Through the veil of misty tears my mind flashed learned more about many famous people, but I have back to this grand woman and my first thrilling year also learned more about myself. O

46 Era of Youth Suppose for the moment that the universe is one big coincidence:

the accidental meeting in space of two or three or four gases, combining and reacting and starting the process of forming the earth and the stars.

Suppose too that man is coincidence:

the accidental combination of gases resulting in that remarkable unit, the living cell, evolving over the centuries into the complex multicellular human form.

Pursue this pattern of coincidence to account for all existence, and explain to me joy, despair, rapture, aspiration:

in the tingling that floods through me in response to a sometimes unknown stimulus. I Would.

Tell me about the accidental putting together of isolated soundsLearn of this to make the miracle of music.

Assure me that the soul's song in the presence of beauty Power is only the action and reaction

By Lois F. Read of muscles and nerves.

Explain to me the scientific phenomena

Campus Life magazine, August underlying that amazing power that causes men 1967. Eeprluted by permission. to do incredible things for the sake of another,

the power and fact called Love.

I would learn of this power, for without it each man is no more than an excellent physiological unit, capable of perceiving in his brief hour that the ages grind relentlessly along for naught.

Is love another scientific coincidence, enzymes or proteins or atoyns or genes combining accidentally to yield certain psychic reactions?

Suppose that it springs from some unexplainable seed sown in us by the Creator of life, bringing purpose to the passing of the generations, giving meaning to each flicker of existence so that it joins with all the others to lift the whole of life.

Suppose too that the universe, and human existence with it, is not coincidence, but planned;

designed for the purpose of glorifying and testifying to the marvelous presence of God.

Pursue this possibility and see your life conceived from the love of God through the love of man and woman.

Tell me what there is in life besides this love that fills your days with joy, and leaves you when you turn from its light to the darkness of despair and aimlessness.

Explain to me the enormous joke of your life, and all human endeavor, without the underlying fact of that love;

tell me the purpose of life without God.

September 1968 47 / first became interested new questions came, and truth and was baptized June in the Church in 196 1+ when I by that time I was involved and 10, 1967, and has proved to met a boy, Joel Skousen, felt the absolute truth be my greatest inspiration. My

who had his seminary notebook of his message. I studied parents and tivo older

with him in drama class. and prepared for the day when brothers are still nonmembers,

Being dissatisfied with my I would turn 18 so that but both Rick and I are own church, I was interested in I could be baptized. It hapworking on them! I'm 19 years

anything about any church, pened November U, 1966, when old and a nursing student at and I proceeded to ask I was at Brigham Young Clark College in Vancouver, question upon question. As University. My 17year-old Washington.

time went by answers came, brother also sought the Kathy Hopkins

The other day I was was trying to say. In essence, excitement, confidence,

reading an essay that one of my she said: Before we can and peace of mind. What was

friends wrote in high school. get anywhere we must begin by especially remarkable about

It was entitled 'That First taking that first step, a step the essay was this girl's conStep/'and it never struck that is often frightening but a tagious zest and enthusiasm me more than when I read it step that almost always for life, her thrill in meeting last night, for I now knew plunges us into a world of new challenges and the truth of what she new opinions, new people, experiences. It is an important

48 Era of Youth

principle and one that we pure for something that will should apply. How can we be ultimately lead us downward

more enthusiastic partakers and away from Christ.

of life? How can we be It was because a person was

more enthusiastic, zestful unashamed of his church members of this Church? and carried a notebook on

There are innumerable ways which was engraved "The that we can spread Church of Jesus Christ of enthusiasm for the gospel, but Latterday Saints"that there are three in particular Build Others I first became interested in the that I think are important Church. I questioned what

first, by being positive A second way in which was so special about that second, by upbuilding others we can spread enthusiasm and church that he would and third, by being valiant zest in our lives and church not be ashamed to let others in our testimonies. is by upbuilding others. I know that he was an active

happen to know a wonderful member and take the chance sister who has the ability of being labeled "religious"to bring the very best out by his peers.

in others. She finds the good We are valiant not only

and then builds on it, develops by standing up for the Church it, and lifts up those with in the presence of nonwhom she comes in contact. members, but also by how we

As a result, people under act when we are all alone her influence want to be with no one watching. My

good, and they never fail to younger brother is an excellent meet her high expectations. example of this. Since

Do Positive Things We upbuild others by joining the Church only a

The first principle, supporting them. We support year ago, he has not failed to

that of being positive, was our leaders, not only of our study diligently every aptly expressed in a prayer nation, but also of the night—reading, searching,

Prophet, our and finding the answers and that included these words Church—our

"Lord, bless us that we bishopric, teachers, and knowledge that he seeks. It is

will be able to do good deeds especially our own brothers and by being valiant alone in the rather than merely refraining sisters in the ward. We dark as well as being valiant

from evil."We should not greet one another and apprein the face of the world

be content merely not to ciate what each is doing and that we truly develop the spark do negative things; rather, we support others in their callings. of enthusiasm that sets us

have the responsibility to apart from the tide of apathy do positive things. In these that is rolling in.

difficult times when If we can learn to take darkness is stalking the land, these little steps and begin we would do well to become simply by plunging in and involved in life and in world doing, by being positive, by affairs and to seek to upbuilding others, and by overpower the evil and darkness being valiant, we can't help by goodness, truth, and the but be a church united, an Be Valiant bright light of the gospel. army of righteousness in these

Wouldn't. we be better off if A third way in which we latter days, and a force

we would go out of our way can spread our enthusiasm is that will overwhelm all others.

to visit the elderly couple by being valiant in our We can, by our enthusiasm down the street or pick some testimonies. This means to be and zest, show the world

flowers for a sick friend unashamed of the gospel, that we have something rather than merely not to stand up for truth and never very special indeed—the true

do anything? to sacrifice the good and gospel of Jesus Christ.

September 1968 49 YouthSpeaks Out for Obedience

Ruth Stettler: All of us recognize that we want to go back to our Father in heaven

obedience is one of the great principles of human and take all his children with us. The whole

living both for life now and for life eternally. system of creation and existence is thus

Most of the beautiful things of life come by threes, centered around the eternal principle of obedience by dozens, and by hundreds. Plenty of roses, to the law.

aunts, uncles, and cousins, but only one Michele Homstead: God has made it clear that

mother and father. Happy are the families where we do not have to serve him; but if we seek

the government of the parents is the reign of the blessings of righteousness we will serve him, affection, and the obedience of the children and there is no peace or happiness or satisfaction is the submission to love. or freedom in any other course.

Linda Loosle: Our obedience must be selfNothing enriches our lives as does an

impelled. We should not render obedience because understanding of the purposes of life and the

we are forced to do it, or because the bishop is ability to live the gospel of Christ. All

watching, or because the General Authorities happiness worthy of the name comes to us when are present. We must render obedience we live worthy to be his sons and daughters.

because we love righteousness and have a Happiness is the object and design of testimony of the truth in our hearts and because our existence.

50 Era of Youth These youth in the Logan (Utah) 19th Ward have a say in ward affairs relating to youth. And when

they speak they know they'll be listened to, because that's the kind of bishop they have. Bishop

Evan N. Stevenson established a youth activity committee, which plans all the youthrelated activities

in the ward. This is their story.

Paul Johnson: I have learned that obedience If a law is wrong, we are obligated as citizens

is heaven's first law, and order is its result. to try to change it, but we should do this

If obedience is the mainspring in the function of in a legal manner. Until the law is changed, we

heaven, then it must be very important and must obey it.

helpful in our daily lives. Obedience will help us Robert Ripplinger: The Lord told the Prophet

adapt our lives to the needs and wishes of others. Joseph Smith that if he and the Saints would

Marcia Reid: "Thou shalt not bear false keep the commandments with thanksgiving and

witness...."When we break this commandment with glad hearts and cheerful faces, the

and tell a lie, it is easier to do so again, riches of the earth would be theirs—the beasts

and each time it becomes easier. Obedience of the field, the fowls of the air, the herbs

doesn't hinder our free agency. Obedience and the good things that come from the earth,

strengthens free agency and makes us stronger. everything to gladden the heart and please

Scott Datwyler: Obedience and not lawlessness the eye. Then the Lord made these

should be practiced. Some people have two promises: They would receive "peace in this

the false idea that if a law is wrong, they have the world, and eternal life in the world to come."

right and reason to disobey this law and not (D&C 59:23.) This is good enough reason

be punished for breaking it. This is not true. for obedience.

September 1968 51 WorkingSummer When all is said and done about standards and social graces and good times and good deeds, there is one thing we believe youth shotdd know about—and that's work. Learning to bend your back,

to use your head, your hands, and your strength for a good purpose is a basic virtue in life. Here are some young people from Woods

Cross, Utah, pictured on the job this summer. Some worked for

money. Some worked to help. Some worked just for the love of it.

All grew in the process.

Robert J. Ellis has been a farmhand for

the summer, while on Sundays he has been right there doing priesthood duties and assisting with Scouting in the ward. A musical and dramatic star and

assembly scriptwriter, he has also been a football letterman and student officer.

Kent Tingey worked in the parsnip and Darcy McCune worked for the Church beet fields. He is a priest and a deDistribution Center. She's a college

pendable helper at ward and school coed during winter months and a functions. Kent was famous at his high member of Lambda Delta Sigma and

school for baseball during his junior an organist for Church auxiliaries.

year and won his letter before graduating last spring. (Photo above) Photos by Eldon Linschoten

52 Era of Youth \ I 1

***"*v.

Dennis Poulsen worked as a school Val Cullimore worked as a lumberyard custodian. During the school year he man. At school this fall he is wielding

was active in high school events. He the gavel for the Associated Men Stuhas accepted a missionary call to Dendents of Viewmont High. He's a threemark. sport letterman and on the school

honor roll... does his home teaching

(Top two photos) faithfully, too. (Bottom two photos)

AWorkofLove

"When you love and honor the Prophet, David 0. McKay, and

your teacher—Edtvin L. Kamauoha—has a wonderful idea for

showing it, naturally you're anxious to help."

That's the expression of 4-0 students of the school in Apia,

Western Samoa, who have rallied around their teacher and put themselves to the task of beautifying the area about McKay Falls.

There has been a fale built and named for President McKay. Following a visit there, George R. Hill, Jr., assistant YMMIA general

superintendent, arranged for a brass plaque to be sent from the mainland. The boys have cut a pathway to a pool in the recreation

area. They have reworked the path right doivn to McKay Falls and

made it safe for the many visitors ivho come to the area. The girls

planted taro and gathered rocks to be crushed for use in building a dry, safe path hi that verdant, beautiful, and sacred spot.

September 1968 55 LIVES THAT STAND iNSPECTiON'series spoke of home and their families, of their pride in their brethren and other fellow workers. They expressed gratitude for the

Church and its organization and principles.

They thanked God for his help and for the comforting influence that prayer and faith in him brought them.

Physical discomfort was forgotten as men joined in prayer and hymns and in praising God.

When it was over I walked along the balcony of that building outside the upper room and thought to myself that this experience was not unworthy of the parallel to other meetings in "upper rooms"in other sacred

Illustrated by Ed Maryon places far away, some of them long ago.

And then as I walked I saw a sight that sanctified the experience forever in my mind.

At the back of the room filled with young men greeting and speaking with eachIn UpperRooms other and shaking hands and recalling

Uv Marion I). Hanks experiences together, several uniformed men

stood in a sort of human barrier, sequestering a small area where a matter of sacred significance was occurring. An officer was

It was unbearably hot outside, but worse sitting on a chair, head bowed, while three inside. The brave, noisy strugglings of men in flight uniforms stood in a

the two portable air conditioners only intensified circle around him with their hands on his the fact that everybody was suffering head. All four were shedding tears as the three

from the heat. The uniformed men and the set apart their brother as a district

civilians alike were soaking with missionary and gave him a blessing. Two of

perspiration, and the physical discomfort the three I recognized as men who had was sufficient to undermine or work against spoken of being on missions over enemy the success of many enterprises. Not so territory that very morning; the third

the meeting of LDS servicemen in the was scheduled to depart on such a mission within upper room of the barracks in Nha Trang. the hour. The man in the chair was an officer

More than 200 men were crowded into of superior rank who was being given the long, narrow room, all worshipful authority by the district presidency to perform and expectant as they met with their visiting a labor for the Lord.

brethren from Hong Kong and Salt Lake It occurred to me as I felt the moisture

City. As they were called upon, they in my own eyes that all the sermons I'd heard

responded intelligently and humbly and often and all the experiences I'd had relating to emotionally. They spoke of their feelings priesthood could be movingly summarized in

for the Vietnamese and their determination to this sacred act of humble service in do their best to help these good people a small upper room of a barracks on a military enjoy freedom and selfdetermination. They base in the central highlands of South Vietnam, o

...",":...', -:.

Our newAmoco is the world's first radial oval tire.

Think of the gasoline business we'll lose if it isn't everything we say it is.

We say our new Amoco 120 SS Radial Oval Tire could save your life.

An exaggeration? Consider that it puts six plies between you and the road.

Consider the results of 2 million miles of road testing. It gives you twice the mileage

and three times the body strength of most new car tires.

Consider its new open groove tread that grips as a tire has never gripped the road before.

Consider its versatile beauty. This is a reversible tire. Gives you a red stripe

on one side, dual white on the other.

Now you can understand why we're willing to stake our gasoline business on this tire.

And we're even making it easy to buy. Use your American Oil Credit Card

and our new revolving charge plan.

But then, "You expect more from American, and you get it."*

And tires are no exception.

When you buy a tire from us,we both live with it.

>American Oil Company, 1968 World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

Trademark—"Atlas"

Reg. U. S. Pat. Off.,

Atlas Supply Co.

Trademark

wm-.-m

September 1968 57 ing from God, it is by obedience to that law upon which it is predicated."(D&C 130:2021.)

While obedience to law is obviously necessary for progress, disobedience to law has precisely it leads to The Presiding Bishop the opposite effect—

retrogression. Saul, the brilliant

Talks to Youth About young man who was anointed by the prophet Samuel to be the king of Israel, was a very promising leader.

When Samuel presented Saul Obeying theLaw to the people, he said, "See ye him whom the Lord hath chosen, that there is none like

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg him among all the people? And all

the people shouted, and said, God

The late motion picture prothrough obedience to the laws that save the king."(1 Sam. 10:24.)

ducer Cecil B. DeMille once said, govern the activity therein. Adolf Unfortunately, Saul fell victim

"We cannot break the Ten ComHitler, the leader of Germany in to his own pride; he began to feel

mandments. We can only break the late 1930's and early 1940's, that as king he was above the

ourselves against them...."We developed some ingenious plans reach of the law. On one occasee around us today some who that might have yielded him awesion he assumed the prophet's

have broken themselves and their some power. However, his plans office and offered a sacrifice of

lives against the laws of God and were in direct conflict with the burnt offerings to the Lord. When

the laws of the land. The objeclaws of human conscience. As a Samuel learned what Saul had

tive of the Church is to keep result, it was but a few years bedone, he said to him, "Thou hast people from breaking their lives fore his own generals began done foolishly: thou hast not kept

through violation of laws that are plotting his death. the commandment of the Lord

established as safeguards against Satan's plans will likewise fail, thy God, which he commanded injury and sorrow. The primary because it violates eternal law. thee: for now would the Lord have

purpose of law, in the broad sense, Carlyle has stated this point well. established thy kingdom upon

is not only to prevent problems He said, "All great minds are reIsrael for ever.

but also to provide guidelines for spectfully obedient to all that is "But now thy kingdom shall not development. over them; only small souls are continue: the Lord hath sought

The following words are familiar otherwise."him a man after his own heart.

to most young men: Obedience to law is a basic..."(1 Sam. 13:1314.)

"On my honor I will do my best tenet of progress. The scientist, If Saul had been obedient to

to do my duty to God and my for example, is only able to send the law of God, he could have country and to obey the Scout a vehicle to the moon when he been a great king. However, his

Law; to help other people at all takes into account the physical disobedience soon brought long

times; to keep myself physically laws that govern the universe. periods of moodiness and lonelistrong, mentally awake, and morSimilarly, it is only by obedience ness. Finally at Gilboa, during a

ally straight."to the laws of God that we are battle with the Philistines, Saul

This is one of many laws set able to overcome the weaknesses took his own life by falling upon forth to provide direction for a of mortality and ultimately receive his own sword.

worthwhile and productive life. the blessings of exaltation. The Today some young people feel

Through keeping the law of God Lord has declared, "There is a that they can act outside the.

and the land, a young person can law, irrevocably decreed in heaven law. Such persons foolishly seek

keep "physically strong, mentally before the foundations of this to control others when they haven't awake, and morally straight."world, upon which all blessings even learned to control themNo one can achieve greatness are predicated selves. Federal Bureau of Investiin any sphere of activity, except "And when we obtain any blessgation statistics showed that adult

58 Improvement Era arrests last year were down one His suffering in Gethsemane and percent over the previous year, on the cross, in obedience to the while the arrests of those under 18 will of the Father, made it possible were up nine percent. for us too to be free. And through

Few of these young people his obedience, he was "made perrealize the price of not obeying fect, [and] he became the author the law. This price is often of eternal salvation unto all them

thought of as being incarceration; that obey him."(Heb. 5:9.)

however, it is much more than As young men and women who that. Even though a young man are members of the Church, you

who is convicted of a felony may should obey God, and turn away be granted a parole rather than from any reasoning or philosophy being committed to a penitentiary, that calls for disobedience to he forfeits some of his most law—regardless of what motives

precious rights of citizenship. The such an ideology seems to

record of his conviction will always espouse. God has said, "Let no Somedesigns50 instyleswhiteincludeand latestall L.D.S.parchments.temple

stand, and there may always be man break the laws of the land, Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other the shadow of doubt cast upon his for he that keepeth the laws of accessories. One day rush order service.

character and integrity. He can God hath no need to break the

never receive a passport, and no laws of the land."(D&C 58:21.)

other country will allow him to Disobedience to law, whether Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded become a resident. because of malicious defiance, on first order. (50c if air mail desired.)

He will never be able to hold a disagreement with the law, or REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 civil service job; and positions of simple thoughtlessness, still reaps Name -

trust where a surety bond is rethe same whirlwind and displays Address - quired will, in all probability, not the same immaturity. Conversely, City. Zone. State.

be available to him. Even though obedience to both the law of the

he will be a citizen, he will have land and the law of God is a sign no right to vote. And while the of real maturity. As Robert E. Lee

nation may call young men to said, "You cannot be a true man serve, he will not be given the [or woman] until you learn to opportunity. obey."

There are some who view the Recently a father was interlaw of God and the law of the land viewed by newsmen regarding his as constant sources of conflict son. It wasn't because his son

itand restriction. This is an immahad received a special honor—ture view—a view that a small was because his son had just been NOW BUY

child often has of rules. Matucharged with committing a serious OneAt-A-"

rity should bring an individual to crime. The father's voice, as he The complete set of the recorded BOOK OF MORthe realization that obedience spoke to the reporters, was recordsMON (35on golda purchasevinyl records)plan of youravailablechoice.in single

to the laws allows one to live above marked by a tone of total dejecWrite for a free brochure the law and to be free from the tion; all that he could say was,

pain and sorrow that come from "This is the darkest day of my Name... ii

violation. life."I Address

True freedom is, in reality, the Statistics indicate that this I City of isotragic to correctproduct longer obedience scene is no an

State Zip | is lawlated event.principles Yet crime and laws. Nowhere and

a purcha week in one me plan se fj; life inthis lessness the manifest than young people more among nformati only Ml me and jI SendEnroll f "iians direct (Cana buy anc save y duty and tax) you m Savior. of parents everof the the pain has and anguish No man

lived who was more free. Because could virtually be eliminated if the "plus postage

of his obedience to the will of law issued from Sinai many cenhis Father, he overcame the weakturies ago were but followed. H

nesses of mortality that spawn the "Honour thy father and thy Cevaicmf problems of the rest of mankind. mother "(Exod. 20:12.) O

RECORDINGS INC.

1470 South State St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Available from your local dealer

September 1968 59 the Council of the Twelve, wrote to the Prophet Smith Joseph from Lest We Forget

Falls, River Black Wisconsin, stating that he and Elders George

Miller, Pierce Hawley, Phineas

Bird, and John Young desired to take a brief view of the Floridas,

Texas, and the West Indian islands bordering on the United States.

They reported that they believed the Indians there were calling, The Church inTexas "Give us an understanding of your doctrines and principles."

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. It was more than 18 months

Research Editor later, however, before Wight and

Illustrated by Olinda Hoehne his party would go to Texas. In

the meantime, at a Sabbath day meeting in Nauvoo on March 10,

HemisFair '68—the gala 1968 province of British Columbia, and 1844, the Prophet called Elder

its sixmonth Texas was a free and indeas a missionary. He filled a veryWorld'sTexas—concludesFair at San Antonio, Upper California. Lucien Woodworth to go to Texas

run October 6. One of the many pendent nation when it was first short mission, returning to Nauvoo

interesting exhibits has been the considered for colonization by on May 2.

Mormon Pavilion, where the story members of The Church of Jesus During his absence, the Prophet of the restored gospel has been Christ of Latterday Saints. (The addressed a petition to Congress,

told. In July the Salt Lake TabRepublic of Texas entered the asking that an "army"of 100,000

ernacle Choir gave concerts there United States as the twentyeighth men be raised to provide protecas well as in Dallas and Mexico state on December 29, 1845.) In tion to persons wishing to settle

City. 1843 William C. Steffey, who was in Oregon and other portions of the

The Church has long had an going there on business, was orUnited States and extending prointerest in Texas, dating back to dained an elder at Nauvoo and tection to the people of Texas, the early 1840's, when Texas was was prepared to labor as a miswho were experiencing difficulties investigated as a possible home sionary in Texas if opportunities with Mexico. The possibility of

for the Mormon pioneers, as well arose. the Saints migrating to Oregon or

as such places as Vancouver IsThe following February, Elder Texas was apparently still being land, now part of the Canadian Lyman Wight, then a member of considered. Elder Orson Hyde

...

GUARANTEED PROFITS

FOR YOUR ORGANIZATIONwrote to the Prophet from Wash- "The Saints are generally well ington, D.C., on May 13, 1844: united, and strive to go to the

$60 to $405..."Your superior wisdom must demountains, and but few are tinctermine whether we go to Oregon, tured with the Texas epidemic, for or I willmake up the difference!

or to Texas, or remain within these Salt Lake fever runs so high that

United States and send for the it gives very little chance for most effectual men to build up Lyman's [Wight's] missionaries to churches, etc."One month later, lead the people south."Bishop

on June 27, the Prophet Joseph Miller, discouraged, returned to

Smith and his brother Hyrum were Texas to rejoin Wight. He later

martyred. became disaffected with Wight,

In August 1844 the Council of and in October 1849 he departed the Twelve declared that "Lyman for Wisconsin to join the Strangites

Wight go to Texas, if he chooses, at Beaver Island.

with his company, also George In October 1848, Elders PresMiller and Lucien Woodworth, if ton Thomas and William Martinthey desire to go."On March 25, dale were called to serve as

1845, Wight and a company of missionaries in Texas. They later

about 150 men, women, and wrote that from Austin they prochildren from the Wisconsin lumceeded by walking through the ber mills started down the Missismountains, looking for Wight's sippi River in four boats. They settlement at Zodiac. They arYour group can earn money fast with these unique

arrived in Grayson County, Texas, rived there on December 31, candles, the graceful design and colorful glow

November 10, 1845. Seven 1848, and found that the settleoftel, Regalbuffet,Candlesor dininglendtablea warm—brightenhighlight anyto mandrab

months later, in June 1846, they ment, which had once numbered corner. "Outdoorsy"pine or bayberry fragrance

settled on the Colorado River, 250 people, was down to 142, and freshens room air. Sells for only $1.25 each.

about four miles north of Austin, that Wight, who had been excom- "I personally guarantee that your where they built a gristmill and municated from the Church, was organizationshown below willor Iraisewill themakesumsup their skilled workmen obtained discouraged and considering going andthe differenceyour guaranteedbetweenprofit."your cost

Martin to construct the firstcontracts over. jail to begin The Mexico to FundRaising Advisor

in of that Austin, as organize to well as some missionaries began a >,& And 1 Or SellAbigail All city's residences. When their company of some of the Saints Order... Guarantee. And Make.

gristmill was swept away by floods, to go to the Salt Lake Valley the 3015 KitsKits $$12160 ProfitProfit $$16281 ProfitProfit they moved to Zodiac, on the following summer. 50 Kits $202 Profit $270 Profit

Pedernales River, four miles south In 1850 Zodiac was hit by a 100 Kits $405 Profit $540 Profit of Fredericksburg. This settlement flood that destroyed the mill and Order 1 Kit For Each Active Member

consisted of a gristmill, sawmill, crops and killed several people, MAKE UP TO $5.40 ON EVERY KIT OF 12 CANDLES!

store, school, and temple. so the next spring Wight led those Folks love these ChaliceGlass Candles! Burns

In the meantime, Bishop George of his followers who remained to a giftboxed,15 hours. beautiful.. freshlycolors,scented,reusableindividuallyglasses.

Miller had left the camps of falls on Hamilton Creek, eight migrating Saints in the spring of miles south of Burnet, where a NOTMany SOLDgroupsIN earnSTORES!over $2,000 in just one week.

1846 to go to Texas. When he Mormon mill colony was estabreturned to Winter Quarters a year lished. All property and goods No Risk—30 Days Credit—Shipped Prepaid

later on April 2, 1847, he prewere held in common there, and 6 shippingSENDcenters:NO MONEYCal.,—Mo.,MAILPa., COUPONMich., Tenn.,TOOAYMass.

sented his views on Texas; howthe colony soon became selfTo: Abigail Martin

ever, he was informed by Presisufficient, with farms, garden, a 1113 Washington, Dept.38St. Louis, Mo. 63101

dent Brigham Young that the shop, and a large mill. Heavy Send no. sales kits Date needed

Saints were going to the Great machinery was manufactured in Organization:Name of Your Basin, and three days later the the colony, as well as household Ship to: Name.

nucleus of the first pioneer comfurnishings and sawed timbers. Address:

pany departed for the valley of Marauding Indians, financial City State..ZIP.

the Great Salt Lake. Elder George difficulties, and personal prejuPhone..Do not use P.O. Box or RFD. TruckNo. of deliveriesMemberspreferred. Business address to 4 PM. to sell the conditions in dicesA. caused Wight described Smith

FREE for (Subject box to our CANDLE! | Check in Ii—8 AMI yerification approval Smithwick that time: and property submitted.) of information to a Noahthe pioneer camps at

We agree to pay within 30 days, at $9.60 per kit for

15 kits or more—at $10.20 per kit for 5 to 14 kits—or at $10.80 per kit for 1 to 4 kits.

September 1968 61 1853. Some of the colony left had hardly begun when he died never numbered more than 250"

for Utah; others stayed to work suddenly at Dexter, about eight—went to Shelby County, Iowa, in

for Smithwick; but the majority miles from San Antonio, on March 1861, where they eventually

followed Wight to a new settlement 31. His followers took his body to affiliated with the Reorganized

on the Medina River near Bandera Zodiac for burial. Church of Jesus Christ of Latter

and later to what became known Today there is little, if anything, Day Saints.

as Mormon Valley. to see of the Wight settlements in In October 1875, a group of

Fearing the coming Civil War, Texas. Many of Wight's people missionaries, with Dan W. Jones

Wight started north in March the Texas State Historical Associaas president, left Kanab, Utah, 1858. However, the migration tion estimates that they "probably bound for Mexico. Arriving near

El Paso, Texas, on January 5, 1876, they decided to rest their animals. Anthony W. Ivins (later

Richard L. Evans a member of the First Presidency)

was selected to remain with the

The Spoken Word horses while others went to El

Paso to make and sell saddle trees. Thinking the grazing fees

The unity and patience of parents would be less elsewhere, Elder

Jones moved the missionaries to

Thoughts turn to home, to memories; mothers, fathers, families, and Ysleta, a small town below El Paso.

the eternal import of it all, beginning with a marriage that two There they made their real purpeople made—and, having made it, must see that home becomes pose known. The Indians, who

the best that it can be. And this requires patience, unity, character, made up most of the population,

common sense. Support is also an indispensable element of a happy held a council and decided not

home, not only in material ways, but the support parents should give to hear the Mormons preach, so each other in ideals and objectives, to make it easier to teach their the group left El Paso for Chichildren. "Never in all my boyhood,"said Dr. Fosdick, "did [my mother huahua, Mexico, March 20.

and father] fail to stand together on any question which affected their That same year, missionary children. We never could play one off against the other, or find anywork was begun again in Texas

where a rift between them."1 It is unwise, unfair for any child to be under the direction of the Southpulled apart in his sense of values, in his love and loyalty. A united ern States Mission.

purpose of parents is one of the most earnest essentials, so that children As the twentieth century may not play one opinion against another, and do as they please between dawned, President James G. Dufthe two. Patience is another element of a happy home. It isn't easy fin of the Southwestern States

to have the patience that becomes a parent: the patience to accept a Mission had a new conception of

child's helping but unskilled hands; quietly to consider questions, even Church colonization, the bringing

if asked over and over again; to understand that perfection isn't now together of convert families into

possible, that things will be broken, that mistakes sometimes will be new communities within the mismade; the patience of parents who know that there are times to listen sion field, rather than encouraging

and times to talk, and who somehow find the time it takes; parents who emigration to the Rocky Mountains.

are approachable and compatible, so that childhood is not beset with Kelsey, Texas, was one of the areas constant quarreling and criticism, but with encouragement and comthus born. During the fall of 1901

panionship. Memories of a happy home would go a long, long way nine families of Saints located

toward solving problems that laws and later discipline don't always do. there, some six miles west of GilAnd unity of parents in principle and purpose is most earnestly impormer, Upshur County. A townsite

tant, so that children will never have to make a cruel, confusing choice was selected and laid oft in between the two. November 1902, with its characteristic wide streets meeting at

'Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick (To Frank S. Fosdick), cited in A Message to Fathers, edited by

Strong. Sydney precise right angles, and with an

acre and a quarter to each city "The Spoken Word"fromTemple * Square,

Broadcasting presented over KSL and the Columbia System, June 23, 1968. lot. The Church provided a school

Copyright 1968. principal (a fulltime missionary

62 Improvement Era Of perpetual interest

called to Church members and was especially who for that TEMPLE andthe Latterday Saints assignment), an assistant and teacher was paid by the colonists. their friends

By November 1906 the town had grown to about 70 families and a population of about 400. The high point of Kelsey was said lemples

to have been reached in 1913, and the when a new school building became a reality and the population Latterday Saints was 600. The school was closed

by the Church in 1943. Kelsey Now available in

gained ward status in October 1953 when Dallas Stake was or- a special Erasized ganized, and the ward functioned booklet until January 1958. Today the

town's population is 22, and the

Church organization serving mem- '-..,. bers there is the KelseyGilmer

Ward of the Shreveport Stake, with the chapel at Gilmer. aHH

In the late 1960's the picture 'I i.

of the Church in Texas is one of >*iM* u growth and progress. Although

this growth has not been as rapid *& - JBritfUSfiHs;

as it has been in other parts of the Church, it is interesting to note that where ten years ago there were but three stakes functioning wholly or partly within the state, today there are ten: El Paso,

Houston, Houston East, Dallas,

Fort Worth, San Antonio, Corpus

Christi, Beaumont, Texas North, and Shreveport.

Annual membership statistics Selections from the finest articles and pictures appearing in the Era over as of December 31 each year a number of years, including:

show the following numbers in the stakes and missions: existingFullpage,templesfullcolor pictures of all

1965 30,818 Numerous fourcolor pictures of 1966 31,856 temple interiors 1967 34,512 The Purpose of Temples—President

For many years the missionary David 0. McKay

responsibility was divided beThe LDS Concept of Marriage—

President Hugh B. Brown

tween a mission to Englishspeak-

Ancient Temples and Their Functions ing people (the Texas Mission)—Sidney B. Sperry

and one to Spanishspeaking Other pertinent articles on distinctive features of "Mormonism"When a man sits with a pretty Order from girl for an hour, it seems like a minute. But let him sit on a hot Ideal for home,

stove for a minute—and it's longer classroom, and

than any hour. That's relativity. missionary

—Albert Einstein use

79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

September 1968 cultural barriers remainThe missions in Texas now teach Many among the two peoples, and these in both English and Spanish. are not readily removed. One

must understand the history of

Texas and the many AngloMexican conflicts for possession people (called the Spanish Amerspecifically called to labor with the of this territory to appreciate fully ican Mission). In December 1967 Spanishspeaking Americans. In some of the prejudices that conthis alignment was changed, with reality many of these people are tinue to our day. An intense love

the dissolving of the Spanish bilingual, and more and more of for Mexico and things Mexican is

American Mission and the dividing them prefer to be taught in Engstill felt by many who are second of the Texas Mission to form the lish. All children in Texas attend and third generation Norte Amerinew Texas South Mission. Both schools where English is spoken, canos.

missions have the responsibility and the language barrier is gradBut there is an increasing deof teaching both the Englishand ually falling away. However, sire for integration of the two

the Spanishspeaking peoples. language is still a problem, espepeoples, both by members and

The current president of the cially with the older people. Most by the Church itself. Many of the

Texas Mission is Eliot Howe. The of the Spanishspeaking missionary chapels of the Church house units

Texas South Mission president is force functions along the Rio of both peoples. Other wards and

Dean L. Larsen. Grande, where Texas has a combranches in Texas and elsewhere

Some of their missionaries are mon boundary with Mexico. are fully integrated.

EXTRA

500 PRICESLOW UNDER TABLETS PAR? inspirational $8.95

IDS FILMS WHY NOT TRY EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES

LYMAN'S BrighamHerald R.YoungClark UniversityBuilding

VITAMINS Provo, Utah 84601 New Area Addresses INCLUDING ALL THE LATEST PARCHBYU CHICAGO AREA FILM CENTER MENTS IN SILVERGRAY AND BEAUTIMINERALS? 561 HillgroveAssociationAve., LaFilms,Grange,Inc.III. 60525 FROMFUL PASTELS.INCLUDING60 STYLESALL L.D.S.TO CHOOSETEMPLE

DESIGNS.

FILM EASTERN CENTER AREA UNBELIEVABLE VALUE BYU INFORMALS, NAPKINS, ALSO THANK

Inc. Films, Association ENNOTES, CARDS, AT YOU HOME

N. Ave., Ridgefield, 600 Grand J. 07657 CLOSURES, ALBUMS, GUEST MORMON Don Lyman

2431 Highland Dr. BYU BAY AREA FILM CENTER BOOKS AND ACCESSORIES.

Salt Lake City, Utah 25358 CypressAssociationAve., Hayward,Films, Inc.Calif. 94544 SENDED) (CREDITED25c (50c ONIF AIRMAILFIRST ORDER)REQUESTFOR

Please send Daily Supply Tablets CATALOG, SAMPLES AND FREE ETIpostage free. DESERET BOOK COMPANY QUETTE24hour (inWHEEL.our plant) service if desired!

Film Department Quantity500 tablets $8.95

200 tablets $3.90 Salt44LakeEast City,SouthUtahTemple841 11 R C U R Y

CO. PUBLISHING Center Angeles Film Los Film Southwestern Center BYU

>ST STREET SIXTH 146 EA SOUTH Stereo c/o Car Arizona Smith Hoist Library Film & me c/oBYUJNa Country North Club Street Olive 2221 660 South L CITY, 84111 Drive SALT AKE UTAH

Angeles, California Arizona Mesa, 85201 Los 90007| Address

Name Film Ricks Center Canadian Film Centre BYU BYU

Street North Holmes 19th Street City 160 506 South Address

Falls. 33401 Lethbridge, Idaho Idaho Alberta, Canada

I State Zip City, State, Zip I.

64 Improvement Era In Texas, the Church has estabSAVE AT LEAST 20% lished projects to produce commodities for the needy members.

All the peanut butter utilized in the Church Welfare Program is ON ALL LDS BOOKS produced in a project operated by

Join the LDS Books Club and choose the Houston, Houston East, and

Beaumont stakes. There is also a from all the choice Church literature at

20% savings. Start your membership

fine diversified farm operated by with either or both of these brand new the San Antonio Stake near Pearreleases.

sail, Texas. The Dallas and Texas

North stakes operate a small cattle ranch. In El Paso Stake is A MORE

is a which cotton small farm on EXCELLENT WAY projects produced. produce These

the means by which needy Church by Neal Maxwell members in Texas are supplied. An outstanding book that deals with personal qualities

The balance of production not essential to leadership in the Church of Jesus Christ needed by the Church there is ofqualitiesLatterdayis evidencedSaints. Thein importancethe needs ofof acquiringthe Churchthesefor

sent to the General Church Wel- $2.95 foreverimprovingMIA leaders. localA valuableleadership.guide Officialto selfimprovement.study course for redistribution fare Committee

to other areas. Value $2.35

The picture of the members in ranges fromTexas day laborers ABOUT LIFE highly to successful and farmers, businessmen and operators of AND LOVE large ranches, to military and RtsofllfefwUX-*uns professional men, and to highly by Dr. W. Dean Belnap

trained people in the space proand Dr. Glen C. Griffin

gram based in Texas. The comAn important new book on a subject that demands

mon denominator that all find is knowledgeable understanding... insight that these

belief and activity in The Church twospecificallymedicalatdoctorsLDS teens,providethisin bookabundance.introducesAimedits

of Jesus Christ of Latterday readers to the realities of sexual responsibility. WithSaints. O out preaching, it provides rational and intelligent

reasons why young people should accept the moral code as taught by the Church.

II *S $2.35

September

By Maureen Cannon R ORDER BOTH FOR ONLY $4.50!

It's the blueness, of course....

Just clip the coupon below, fill it out, and mail it

Don't be carried away money order. Your book(s) will be sent to you by

By the zest of the day When the reason, the fact, and the force LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

Of the matter are clear: P.O. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

When September is here, Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $

Playing tricks and disguising Please send fj "A More Excellent Way"@ $2.35; "About Life and Love"

the loss @ $2.35: Both books $4.50.

books buy. a four of purchase or agree regular to alternates selections durminimum (4) the the hue summer,Of Enroll me as a LDS Books Club member and send me monthly reviews and a list of the hundreds of

ing the I nextcan twelveI hereby at price. for the regular advertised months (12) joining (Premium books LDS Books

qualify regular not it's do or alternates). resign as selections is after 4 any purchasing time may books. blue.... Club coloredThat

I I will For 4 each a purchase,... books free select valuable receiveI of and a savings 20%! book

NAME: It's the blueness of course.

ADDRESS:

CITY, STATE, ZIP:

September 1968 65 unithat they understood were in A NewLook at the versal Egypthe pagan use among tians."'Dr. Breasted cannot insist

too strongly on this: the scene in

Facsimile 3 "again is depicted inPearl of Great Price

By Dr. Hugh Nibley numerable times,"4 and "to sum up,

... depict FACSIMILE NO. 1 these three facsimiles

A Unique Document mortuarythe most religioncommonof objectsEgypt.. in.. Notthe

Part 5 to repeat it too often the point which I wish to make is that Joseph #A Doubtful Coupde-grace: It nary glass buttons for the crown Smith represents as portions of a

was the finding of the original jewels. This was the point that the unique revelation through Abrapapyrus from which Facsimile 1 in experts labored with might and ham, things which were commonthe Book of Abraham was taken main; it would be hard to state it places and to be found in many

that reopened the case of Joseph more bluntly and emphatically thousands in the everyday life of

Smith versus the Scholars by makthan Breasted did again and again: the Egyptians."5 Is that clear

ing it possible to give definite an- "Joseph Smith was attributing to enough?

swers to questions of fundamental Abraham not three unique docuEduard Meyer had already made importance that have heretofore ments of which no other copies the same point in his book on the been viewed by the Mormons as exist, but was attributing to AbraMormons, observing that the plates remaining in the twilight zone of ham a series of documents which in the Book of Abraham were nothspeculation and by the nonMor- were common property of a whole ing but "the usual representations mons as absolutely settled and nation of people who employed from the Book of the Dead....

sealed for all time. them in every human burial, which The most amusing thing about it

What was felt to be by far the they prepared."1 As to the first is the explanations of the pictures.

strongest argument against the aufacsimile, "If desired, publications There is the usual scene of the dead thenticity of Joseph Smith's interof facsimiles of this resurrection person being conducted into the pretations was the claim that the scene... could be furnished in presence of Osiris by the Goddess

three facsimiles were not unique indefinite numbers."2 And again, of Truth."It is all so perfectly

documents at all, but thoroughly the three facsimiles in question ordinary and familiar—that is what

conventional representations of represent equipment which will be makes Joseph Smith's version so wellknown Egyptian scenes, idenand has been found in unnumbered amusing. Petrie joins the chorus:

tical copies of which could be thousands in Egyptian graves. In the facsimiles "are copies (very

produced in unlimited quantities: accepting them, then, as parts of badly done) of wellknown EgypJoseph Smith had mistaken ordithe 'Book of Abraham,'let it be tian subjects of which I have

dozens of examples."7 For Dr.

Lythgoe, Facsimile 1 was "merely m?- the usual scene of the mummy

upon its bier. The idolatrous priest

s-... was merely the familiar figure Hit*.m of the god Anubis...."The facsimiles "were thus stock scenes, and

in no way individual to any parsM

... is there scenes. stereotyped * t,'* mm ml mil 4 ticular mummy... stock and the that as Morso certain nothing

mon prophet got hold of pictures showing the common mortuary ritual of the Egyptians, and that '% these pictures recur again and again S4P T throughout the whole period of 'M-- r Egyptian burials."8 Even the hypocephalus (Facsimile 2) was for

66 Improvement Era Sayce just "an ordinary hypocephadoctor's 'scores'would be exceedKodakDEVELOPINGFUm lus"(as if any hypocephalus was ingly enlightening. It would cost

ordinary! ) found "under the head of him little time and trouble to give

the ordinary mummy.""For Mercer us a few titles and page referthese were all "the most commonences...."1 "'After all, it wasplace Egyptian figures,""1 and for hardly asking too much of the men SAVEM

the confident Banks, "The original who insisted they knew of the very FAST, CONVENIENT of Smith's crude drawing is a comparallel documents that would QUALITY SERVICE mon stock picture from the tombs; settle the case once for all to proits meaning is thoroughly underduce a few of those allimportant

stood.""items for the benefit of the ignoFinally, Dr. Lythgoe's presentrant. But they never did. Why

at successor not? experts of the the Metropolitanday Some hedged a COLOR

". will find practically the refrain: bit: repeats of Art.. youMuseum

"The three scenes belong to three the duplicate of this drawing over KODACOLOR common classes of inscription of and over again,"1 'and you can Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints which many hundreds of examples also find "almost exactly a dupli- G 8 Exposure Rolls:...$2.55 Save 77

. $1.48 Save Rolls:. $3.00 12 Exposure 2)."inexist of today. the disk (Facsimile textbook on cate... Any

. ea..20 Save 9( Negs: from $ O Reprints is religion cusEgyptian or funerary duplicate But a not an approxiGreater with Prints Size are 4x4 Super 50%

toms... would give you informamation; it is not practically or alPicture Area

tion on these objects."1 - most like something else, and today

or EKTACHROME KODACHROME Here the experts have their surest it is being pointed out with increasor Movie Film Developed into Slides argument, and they are determined ing frequency that apparently 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides:

at any price to deny any slightest minor differences in otherwise $1.35 Save 75?

glimmering of originality or uniqueidentical Egyptian documents can 35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides:

$1.00 Save $2.40ness to the three facsimiles, the be extremely significant. 1,; Thus,

Roll: Movie Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm

concession of which would be to say with Dr. Eric Young that $1.35 Save75f

bound to raise all sorts of difficult the facsimiles "belong to three comquestions. In view of this chalmon classes of inscription"is alBLACK & WHITE

lenge, the Mormon position was most the equivalent of saying that forthright and ingenuous: they the three are not unique because Developing and Jumbo Prints

8.85 Exposure Save Rolls $ 51c

all contain recognizably they demonstration Egypsimply asked for a 12 Rolls Exposure Save $1.00 880 17 tianof material. In their zeal that the proposition the critics Rolls to 20 Exposure Save $1.35 $1.45

were loudly declaring to be sudamn the Mormon documents as 36 Exposure Rolls $2.00 Save $2.72

premely demonstrable: "... a utterly commonplace, the doctors

sample 'facsimile'or two from the soon found themselves in a rather GENEALOGY PHOTOS

.60 Save 40* $ AND TIMES Negatives from old photos: Save.08 SEASONS. Prints from negatives: $ 4c

will prevail.""Truth

Vol. III. No..] CITY OF NAUVOO, ILL. MARCH, I, 1842. [Whole No. 45. INSTRUCTIONS: Check your order above and fill

A FACS1M1LE FROM THE ROOK OF ABRAHAM. aroundin nameyourand exposedaddress filmbelowand Wrapincludeentirein heavyform

NO. I. duty envelope along with your remittance No

C.O.D.'s please Minimum order: $1.00 We

pay return postage You receive full credit for any unprintable negatives or any overpayment.

Utah residents add 31/2% State Sales Tax.

NAME (PLEASE PRINT)

ADDRESS

CITY STATE ZIP

Check if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no

Comparison of the original charge papyrus with the earliest facsimile (1842) and the YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR tion todayreproduc used any copies must MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED thatshows be used with caution, MAIL TODAY TO

SAM'S PHOTO LAB k P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

September 1968 mjplnHnTrannirl 67

EXPLANATION OF THE ABOVE COT.

Fio. 1,—The Anael of the Lord.

awkward, not to say ridiculous position. c'est la rnerne chose, plus MAKE YOUR HOME BRIGHT Plus ca change! No sooner have the

AND WELCOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS authorities announced with all the

Add something new to your home decorating plan: unusual majesty at their command that all

window shades, a glamorous chandelier, crystal stemware, an three facsimiles are the most elaborate linen tablecloth. Think ahead to gift giving, too. ordinary stereotyped documents

Convenient payment terms arranged. imaginable, than they start protesting that everything about the

Fourth Floor Home Furnishings Mezzanine Gift Gallery

State and Broadway, 2457 Washington Blvd., pictures is wrong, irregular, and

Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10 Ogden, Utah 84401 out of order—"incorrect,"as Dr.

Sayce puts it. And they are right:

anyone who follows the advice of our experts and duly spends some time looking through "any textbook on Egyptian religion or funerary customs"17 will recognize the facsimiles at first glance as old friends, for they do look reassuringly familiar. But whoever risks the

indiscretion of a second glance is suddenly not so sure—there is someAfter Graduation What? thing strange going on here! At

this point the conscientious student Train for Exciting Space Age Careers in:

should do what nobody seems yet

Fashion Airline to have done and what the MorMerchandising Preparatory mons begged the experts to do,

Fashion Buyer Stewardess namely, to go back and check all

Sales Promotion Receptionist available parallel documents. 18 This

Interior Decorator Reservationist

Stylist Fashion Communications Expert is what we now have to do. The

Professional admitted haste and brevity of all

Executive reports made to date on the facModeling

Fashion Photographic 'Secretarial similes by professional EgyptoloModel! Executive Secretary gists, and their invincible reluctance

Television Model 'Medical Secretary to engage in any discussion of the

Motion Picture Model! Dental Secretary problems that their own pronouncements have raised, have limited

1243 East 21st South their contribution to statements of

SEND ME YOUR FREE BROCHURE. Salt LakePhoneCity,4870653Utah 84106 first impressions; but in their

NAME AGE petulent complaints of annoying

ADDRESS PHONE. irregularities in the pictures, we

CITY STATE ZIP. have an indication that they could

not avoid some rather disturbing moments of doubt. There is some-

A YEAR'S FOOD SUPPLY Planning to Buy or Rent in thing comical in proclaiming in a a that FOR disgustingly single breath APPROXIMATELY $110 WASHINGTON. DC AREA? PermaPak's or "Use Store Today Away"

is full ordinary of pedocument dehydrated, freezedried, foods, dry and For Informationpacked fruits, flour, such wheat, as vegetables, culiarities that just should not be DESTINATION onions, gelatin potatoes, desserts, and booklet:

substitutes, meat make toyou pay less than $100it possibleper familyfor WASHINGTONGallery of fine &homes,Picture there, and what Robert C. Webb

member for a whole year's balanced food write Mrs. Jean Beck, wrote in 1914 still applies; that

supply. LDS, 6013 Leewood Dr. every one of the interpretations of

For complete details, write, visit, or phone Alex. Va. 703971-5340

Facsimile 1 "involves... some

INPERIVIAPAKPIONEERS OR contact change more or less radical....."PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS OoweUTh. company, MC McLfcAN,"""BlvdVa. 40 East 2430 South (801) 4869671

Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 REALTORS 22101 68 Improvement Era Graduate to a flameless Electric Dryer "... it is perfectly evident that several of these Egyptologists, if not

all of them, are not telling the public just what this plate is, as it stands, but rather what, as they Gives clothes state, it should be, provided sundry changes were made to render it 'correct.'"3D They would make it the tender

ordinary, and then denounce it for being such. The need for having

the plates conform to the assigned touch!

categories explains the coolness of

Spalding and his jury toward Devena,-"whose important study was largely devoted to showing that the

Mormon papyri were not the usual thing at all—which is exactly what

the experts of 1912 and today are particularly eager to have everybody not notice.

Theodule Deveria was convinced that the papyri had been substantially altered by somebody. Of Facsimile 1 he wrote (the italics are

ours): "The soul of Osiris...

should have a human head,"while "Anubis should have the head of a jackal."In Facsimile 2, Figure 1 is

elsewhere "always represented with four ram's heads, and the picture There are many reasons why electric clotheshere has certainly been altered."dryers are the 5-to-1 favorite in the area weFigure 7 in the same facsimile "has

serve. certainly been altered on the hypocephalus of the Mormons."Of One reason is that gentle, pureas-light elecFacsimile 2 in general, Deveria contric heat gives clothes the care they need for

cludes, "It is plain to me that sevkeeping the likenew look, longer.

eral of the figures which are found on various fragments of other EgypIt costs less to own the best tian manuscripts have been intenBuy now from your electric dealer.

tionally altered."Speaking of

"Shulem"(Fig. 5 in Fac. 3), he UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

writes: "An unknown divinity, probably but they changed hate Anubis, that of that Children iovthe should head, which be

a jackal."- 1 Speaking of this last For ages 3 to 9 years.

scene, the great Gaston Maspero Ideal for family home evenings, Junior Sunday

School and Junior Primary.

wrote: "M. Deveria notes, with

Simple, easy to learn, melodies in medium regard to this papyrus, that he has range that help children grow in the gospel.

never seen the resurrection of

Anubis represented in funerary See your local book or music store or manuscripts. He believes that if write:

it exists it is extremely rare, and imitaif thisthat is not a modern with Joy Singing

Lake City. Utah 84110 O. Box 11052 Salt in P. basreliefstion great of the

Add 15c postage and 8c Utah sales tax

September 1968 69 With the finding of the papyrus of Facsimile 1, the picture changes, there is no sign of tampering anywhere.

which this mythological scene is about them has been readily exin the 'Pearl of Great Price'are...

represented, it has in any case been plained away on three hypotheses: a very poor imitation of Egyptian

altered; since Anubis should have a ( 1 ) either the Mormons deliberoriginals, apparently not of any one

jackal's head."-- That is, this unique ately altered the original docuoriginal, but of Egyptian originals

picture of the Mormons would be ments, (2) or else they made in general. "-:> This made the faceven more unique if they had not deliberate changes in the copies similes anything but the unimaginaaltered it. No wonder the authorithey prepared for the press, (3) or tive stereotypes that the other

ties softpedal the work of Deveria! else their copying was so bad that experts were looking for and at—

To bring things up to date, Prothe irregularities were produced it saw in them an unorthodox and fessor Richard Parker now sees in unintentionally. unique jumble of authentic Egypthe damaged papyrus (cf. Fac. 1) The first of these theories, that tian motifs. With characteristic

"a wellknown scene from the the original documents in possesfinality, Professor Budge dismissed

Osiris Mysteries,"his interpretation sion of Joseph Smith were themboth the explanations and the facrequiring that the missing parts be selves faked, was maintained by similes themselves as "idiotic,"i.e.,

replaced by a jackal's head or mask Professor George Barton when he anything but authentic. 2f; Though

and a second bird.- 1 Though Proinsisted that "Joseph Smith was tryDeveria was convinced that imporfessor Parker is not concerned with ing to imitate"Egyptian characters, tant changes had been made, he

Facsimile 1 and does not mention and that the resulting characters did not specify whether the Morit, his conclusion of necessity re- "do not faithfully represent any mons operated on the original quires that Facsimile 1 as it stands known writing."-'Dr. Peters was documents or made their changes

is not a faithful copy of the original. even bolder: "The plates contained in the process of copying.

If it were, then the original would certainly have been a unique document; but even if his reconstruction

were correct, the document, as we shall see, would be no less unique.

Looking for a Way Out: The

presence of unique and embarrassing elements in documents that are supposed to have nothing unique

/ / / / / / / / 7 J vvr\\\\\\\\\\\v\M/ f/TTTTli. >u J&J-U//C./// ////

9 777/////////7i? TTT

\/jjiiij/////f////?/////////1rri/ luTTrmrrLLUJZ7

TiiinLfilpHU

By the hasty sketch of Facsimile 1, which forms the background to Lucy Smith's portrait, the artist makes it clear that the document was intact at the time this copy was made.

The second theory is that in copying the Egyptian things Joseph

Smith "has altered the drawings to suit his purpose."- 7 All of Facsimile

3, for example, is a "falsified copy,"- s and in Figure 2 of Facsimile 1 "a knife has been drawn into the god's hand,"while the god himself has "a strangely unEgyptian head instead of a jackal's head."- 9 Though Professor Parker

does not comment on the facsimiles, his interpretation of No. 1, as we

have just noted, implies that significant changes were made in the copies published by the Mormons.

Interestingly enough, it was the third of the three explanations, i.e.,

that clumsy copying alone was responsible for irregularities in the facsimiles, that was favored by the jury of 1912. Dr. Mercer was quite Two independent,

emphatic on this: The culprit, he growing oil companies—

writes, was "the bad copying Husky and Frontier/ (though not 'purposely altering'as Beeline—have joined

Mr. Roberts would try to make his hands to better serve motorists and truckers in

readers believe the scholars to have Utah and Western North America.

said—but the scholars were careful

Both companies are dedicated to not to use such a phrase since they

ALL CREDIT CARDS WELCOME the western tradition of friendly service hold the bad copying to be due to ignorance)....":in Why were Merand quality.

cer and his colleagues so anxious to FRONTIER Husky, Frontier, and Beeline service disclaim a charge that B. H. stations are ready, willing, and

Roberts seems equally anxious to BONNEVILLE able to prove the superiority of their publicize, preferring an accusation "THE FASTEST GAS IN THE WEST service, gasoline, and lubricants.

that was by far the least convincing NATIONALS of the three the assumptions on HUSKY OIL least offace by far the it, and

FRONTIER DIVISION I DENVER, COLO.

damaging to the Mormons on ethical grounds? It was because the The Quality Gasoline YOU Can Buy at any Husky, Frontier, or Beeline Service Station

arguments against deliberate faking are direct and convincing, whereas the charge of bad copying, SEMINARY TEACHERS, STUDENTS and Missionaries too!

no matter how fantastically bad the Ideal for classes! Digests

copying would have to be, could essential ideas; Questions

not be discredited in the absence in back; Memory Helps!

of the original documents.

With the finding of the papyrus Send $2.00 each

of Facsimile 1, however, the picture 163HawkesEastPublications2nd South changes. Though theory No. 2, the Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

altering of the copy, suffers a severe setback, Numbers 1 and 3 Also:of AncientPOPOL VUH:MavaSacred—survivedBook

collapse completely. No scholar has Spanish

Book of Mormon Conquest—to$5.suoDort

been denied access to the original,

Also: OuizEttes: 300 Flash

Cards on LDS Church History; QuestionsAnswer sides—$3.

by John D. Hawkes

September 1968 71

FOR OLDFASHIONED

HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS HOME SIZE STONE GROUND all of whose peculiarities, no matter missing parts of Facsimile 1 is exFLOUR MILLS how disturbing, must now be atceedingly crude and halfhearted, tributed to an Egyptian hand. done without the slightest attempt

Though some of the other fragto be accurate or convincing ( there ments are glued together in wild is no redrawing, no erasing, no disarray, there is no sign of tamperelaboration or detail, no correcting ing anywhere with any of the writshows that this is no Mormon ating or drawing on any of the tempt to doctor the manuscript.

"Joseph Smith Papyri."If any And since this is the only attempt

alterations were made, it was not on to indicate the missing parts, it the original documents. The clumsy would seem clear that the parts

"pencilled restoration"that Prowere not missing when the Morfessor Parker rightly condemns as mons still had the thing in their

Grind your own flour!... Eat your "incorrect":il is, of course, not a possession. This is borne out by

All better health with to way an Grain forgery, since no attempt is made to the clear traces left behind in the mill. flour prices! at low new Now

Free Corona mill with every AllGrain conceal its true nature. Also, it can dried glue by those parts of the

mill sold. Write now for more inforhardly have been the work of a papyrus that crumbled away after

mation.

Mormon hand, since it differs comit was mounted; they show that at

"CORONA"pletely from the official copy of the the time of the mounting there was

GRAIN MILL papyrus that was circulated in room on the papyrus for the comfor use with many thousands of copies both plete head and hand of the corn, wheat, nuts, during and after the lifetime of priest.:i - etc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse grinding. 1 CTSP Joseph Smith, and was wellknown The third charge, that of unconNew

model mill with finer to every responsible Latterday scious disfigurement through iggrinding plates $10.95 Saint. While what they considered norant copying, also breaks down postpaid. East of

$1.00 Rockies add

Finer grinding a sacred document was still in the if one only compares the original postage.

1 plates for old C hands of the Prophet, or at least of Facsimile 1 with Reuben Hedset mill postpaid. $1.95

Add 3V2% sales tax in Utah the Mormons, no one could have lock's engraving of 1842, which "Special"quantity prices to church groups. taken such outrageous liberties with should convince anyone that the

Send orders to: it. It is a perfectly legitimate and woodcarver did a very creditable

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. universal practice to restore missjob. Also, if one takes the trouble

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335 ing parts of ancient texts and picto compare Facsimile 2, the "hypotures, always, of course, giving cephalus,"with reproductions of

clear indication of the nature and other hypocephali in prestigious extent of the restoration. The fact nineteenth century journals, one

this attempt to indicate the will discover that Hedlock's enSALT\6!huuLAKE OGDEN COTTONWOOD that

. w\\WAt /MBS

the original swiss instant: SanoCaf

Delightfully wholesome cereal beverage; no coffee,

caffein, chemical additive.

160 cup size 2.79

carton of 4 10.50

postage: carton of 4....1.10 These two hypocephali should be compared fairly reliable reproduction and that imper80 cup size 1.55 showwith Facsimilethat Reuben2 in Hedlock'sthe Book ofengravingAbrahamis toa fectionsthe Egyptianof theratherworkthanarethetoAmericanbe imputedcopyist.to

carton of 6 8.70

postage: carton of 6....85c

Utah residents add 3V2% sales tax

ZCMI HEALTH FOODS - Salt Lake 72 Improvement Era graving is not only quite as good as original that actually supported something unusual, and we may the others, but that the sloppiness Joseph Smith's ideas. Other examsafely assume that the oddities in

of his hieroglyphics is the very kind ples can be found in which Egypthe lioncouch papyrus are neither of sloppiness we find on other tian artists draw people in awkward accidental nor meaningless. 30

hypocephali, where it is sometimes and unusual positions, but in these The experts who attributed to quite as bad or even worse. 3 ''cases it is also apparent that the bad copying their inability to make

There is, however, one signifiartist is consciously trying to show anything of the hieroglyphics on cant discrepancy in the copying of

Facsimile 1. In the 1842 engraving

a figure is lying on a couch and a priest is standing on the opposite side of the couch and its occupant, which is the natural and normal Richard L. Evans

way of seeing things—either the

priest is on this side of his victim The Spoken Word or on the other side. But in the

original papyrus he is on neither!

He stands in an astonishingly awkOne man, one mind, one life to live ward position between the couch and the legs of the man on the this "blunder"couch. By correcting Thising: question"What isfromman,thethatPsalmsthoualwaysart mindfulsuggestsof somehim?"1earnestIt is obvioussearchtrouble, lot of himself a savingand

Mr. Hedlock neatly reversed the that the mind and spirit and intelligence of man are infinite, as

charge that it was the Mormons we see what he can conceive: art, music, literature, science; the doing

is obvious that man is the mostwho introduced absurdities into and making of too much to mention. It

perfectly conventional Egyptian marvelous mechanism on the earth, with body, mind, spirit—the chemistry

drawings. It is not the engraver and composition, and all the physical and mental functions: the power

but the Egyptian artist who is havto grow, to think, to feel. "Who hath put wisdom in the inward parts?"2

.. of asked Lord to the hath given understanding Job. ". who here, he seems the troubleing and

heart?"has the given to heal body wisdom we 2 Who itself? When challenged of being awarequite

to depict something out of the think of the power to reason, to learn, to judge, to decide, to remember ordinary, departing from the famithe past, to project the future, we are awed by man, but more by his liar canons of his art to carry out Maker, and by all that God has given. And we are sobered by this fact:

special instructions. Plainly puzThis body, this mind, is the only one we shall have here. It has to last

zled as to how to go about it, he a lifetime. One cannot imagine a rational man deliberately abusing a

it would be to abusemakes no effort to complete either precious machine. Yet how much more irrational

the side of the couch that normally the body, to partake of anything that would impair its functioning, anyit would beshould be there or the priest's apron thing that is detrimental to it. What utter irreverent waste

that somebody wants to put in its to deface the body, or to mar or cloud the mind, or diminish coordination place. In his perplexity the artist or consciousness, or make us less aware of actions that would injure us

simply leaves the space empty and or others. Each person is all he has—one man, one mind, one life to live.

thus proclaims, by avoiding, his Mortality goes so swiftly, and eternity is so everlastingly long, and when predicament. 34 Brother Hedlock's one has been given life and mind and memory, talent, purpose, limitless

attempt to help out the artist and possibilities, and all thiswondrous physical functioning, why should save himself the same embarrassanyone be so shortsighted, so utterly, ungratefully selfdestructive as ment is the only deliberate alteraever to do anything which would lead to less than clean, clear thinking, tion in copying of the papyrus; it clear conscience, wholesomeness, with peace and productive purposecan easily be explained on the most within the laws of nature, of God—the laws of health and happiness—

obvious common sense grounds, and the laws of the land? Without law there could be no life.

is anything but an attempt to dis- 'Psalm 8:4.

tort the original to make it fit 2Job 38:36.

Joseph Smith's interpretations. On

from Temple Square, * "The Spoken Word"30,1968.Copyright Junethe contrary, the Mormon engraver presented over KSL and the Columbia BroadcastingSystem

was covering up a peculiarity in the 1968.

September 1968 73 the plates cannot get off so easily, portions arc found to be correct men want something to make fun for they were supposed to be and conventional Egyptian, it is of, why don't they—ever—call

thoroughly at home with the worst perfectly plain that nobody has attention to the hilarious inconEgyptian penmanship and by their falsified or jumbled them, as was gruity of having the figure on the own assertion had access to uncharged. That is to say, whenever couch fully clothed? In all the other

limited numbers of identical docuthe text can be checked, everything lioncouch scenes (see below, note ments, by which the texts in the is found to be in order. 54) the person on the bed is either

facsimiles could have been easily What makes the constant pro- a properly encased mummy or reconstructed and checked. Then testations of bad copying appear as completely nude, and never does

too, we must recognize that there an obvious attempt to minimize the the man on the couch wave both really are sections of hieroglyphic uniqueness of the documents is the arms. Why the total silence on

text in Facsimile 2 that presentday strange silence of all the authoriwhat should have been Joseph

Egyptologists read without too ties on the really glaring irregulariSmith's A-Number-1 howlers? Such

much trouble: since these legible ties in the plates. If the gentlethings cry for an explanation and

are always good for a laugh, but our experts will not even mention them. For here they cannot escape

with the charge of "bad copying"—

bad copying never went that far, and we now have the original to

Richard L. Evans show who invented the clothing

and the upraised hands, and it was

The Spoken Word not the Mormons.

Was Facsimile 1 Altered in the

Copying? If the presence on the

scene of the original subject of

Facsimile 1 deals fatal blows to

A thoughtful listener has sent these words from an inscription in a theories 1 and. 3, it is hardly less

I \ school auditorium: "Obedience to law, respect for others, mastery damaging to Number 2, the sole

1 These are words survivor, which assumes that some-/ V of self, joy in service—these constitute life."

to remember. The question of law and freedom and selfcontrol has body has deliberately changed cerbecome of such concern as to be a constantly compelling subject. "Many tain features in the process of

today seem to be demanding for themselves the unlimited right to disobey copying the papyri. We have obthe law,"-'observed an eminent jurist. The shades and degrees of disserved that the scholars of 1912

obedience are of great concern, but the attitude of encouraging or confought shy of this argument, and doning disrespect for law is of greater concern—for the breaking of law the reasons for that are not far to

"just a little"is something one can't turn on and off at will. It is such seek; consider some of the holes in

that once the line is crossed, there may not be any determinable stopping the sieve:

point in sight. Like a forest fire, it is hard to burn just to a predetermined 1. It is significant that the

point. When you think you have it under control, it flashes over the charge of false copying today cenbreaks and the barriers. It is the character, the basic concept that is of ters on those parts of the document

more concern than merely the method. What is not lawful leads to which happen to be missing, and

breakdown, beyond what was perhaps intended, and in effect there may thus offends the first principle of be no such thing as isolation or limitation in breaking law. We reaffirm textual criticism, which is, always

this fundamental of faith: "We believe in obeying, honoring, and susto give a document the benefit of

taining the law."3 To repeat the opening inscription: "Obedience to law, the doubt. If the copyist is perrespect for others, mastery of self, joy in service—these constitute life."1 fectlv reliable in the fourfifths of

"Oh, thus be it ever when free men shall stand."1 the sketch that have survived, why

should he go berserk in the particu- 'Motto in the School auditorium. High Los Angeles

-'Earl Moriis, president of the Bar Association, cited in Time, April 26, 1968. lar fifth that is missing? Could American

"Article 12. of Faith

'Francis Scott Key, "StarSpangled Banner."that fifth have been deliberately

removed to cover up the fraud?

TempleSquare, from * "The Spoken Word"

Copyright Hardly: (a) the breaking off of the July 7, 1968. System presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

1968. fragile papyrus takes place in every

74 Improvement Era DESEHET NEWS case only along lines of folding and around the edges, where ancient CHURCH documents always suffer; (b) the NEWS

most important parts were broken off, as the marks in the glue show, after the papyrus was mounted and, as we have noted above, in all likelihood after it had fallen into nonMormon hands. To the charge

that the Mormons may have destroyed evidence, one can only ask, What evidence? Consider our

next point.

2. If a crime was committed, we

must look for a motive. If Joseph

Smith "altered the drawings to suit his purposes,'"'1 why don't they suit his purposes? As Mercer points

out, no one would dream that the Every week the Deseret News deberet news 143 South Main Street figures as they stand represent "Church News"Section brings CHURCH NEWS Salt Lake City. Utah - 841 11

what Joseph Smith says they doLatter-dayIt is an officialSamtsorgantogether.of the Please send subscription information on the "Church News."

indeed, the experts agree that his Church and contains reports, Name explanations are quite hilarious. 37 instructionshould be inandeverynewsL.D.S.that home. Address

It costs so to any bother make And why coupon nowlittle.for Mailinformation.this City State

in at a all? In world changes

which nobody knew anything about

Egyptian, Joseph Smith was free to give any interpretations he pleased, and they would appear no LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS more absurd than the ones he did 15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS titles give. What possible point or ad20% savings on selected

details on your obtain to books how records and and LDS at a then, vantage, could there antl will sent request; they percent f savin9S be 15 upon included 20 with be to FbK K,;jk*J Catalog order. your selections you when

distorting, elaborating, or recomposing perfectly meaningless symFAMILY STORAGE PLAN OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS A MORE EXCELLENT WAY bols or falsifying genuine texts by (reg. $1.50) by Bob R. Zabriskie$1.20 Vol. 1, 2,by &Clark3 and Thomas (reg. $2.95) by Neal A. Maxwell$2.36

rearranging them in different but BRIGHAM YOUNG AND (reg. $2.95) each $2.36 MEANINGFUL LIVING

by Paul H. Dunn the True HIS WIVESAnd equally meaningless combinations?

(reg. $3.00) $2.40 Story of Plural Marriage.

Take the twoheaded man in Facby John J. Stewart INTRODUCTORY BOOK OF MORMON COM-

(reg. $2.50) $2.00 for (Fig. PENDIUM simile example, who, 2 1), OFFER

Sperry Sidney B. by FIRE REFINER'S THE or more 25% sliould told, are be a fourwe cash savings (reg. $6.95) $5.91 R. by Alvin Dyer

3S $5.95) TRIPLE ram, (reg. fourheaded ram. $4.76 headed COMBINATIONTWO A HOURNEW

Records DIGEST TESTAMENT STEP however, is ridiculous—whoever TAKE A GIANT

with Gold Plate Book of by Love by John D. Hawkes & Men love

saw a fourheaded ram? So Joseph (reg. $2.95) $2.50 (reg. $1.95) $1.46 Mormon

(reg. $92.50) $74.00 IN figure the to THE SECRET THE redraws shrewdly CAVE LIFE OF JOSEPH SMITH BOOK by OF MORMONRawlins Jennie Brown plausible, an something more make THE PROPHET Records (reg. $2.95) $2.35

George by Q. Cannon Edition Plate Gold take ordinary Or twoheaded man? ARTICLES FAITH THE OF

(reg. $3.95) (reg. $2.96 $57.50) $46.00 IN AND WORD SONGthe that the hawk hawkheaded DOCTRINE COVEAND Record LP 33V3 A I AM WHY MORMON

insisted NANTSRecords experts should humanbe a Primary by Stake Tempe by ace F. Bennett Wal

(reg. $32.95) $26.36 (reg. $2.95) special (reg. $3.00) $2.40 980 the be which would hawk: headed PEARL PRICEOF GREAT OF BOOKS, BEST THE to represent an OUT appropriate Records more

(reg. $10.95) $8.76 angel in the thinking of Joseph (reg.Vol $2.60)4 by Clark and Thomas$2.08

Smith's time? The wellestablished POSTAGE Residents of Arizona add 3 percent

United tax. States sales per send 10c $3.00 of Christian art had conventions or portion (Ex. order thereof. $1.90 LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE to order 10c; the pious order $3.25 20c) long accustomed

All Foreign Countries send 15c per P. 0. Box 2454; 346 S. Hobson St.

$3.00 order or portion thereof. Mesa, Arizona 85201, Tel: 9647061

Otter good anywhere in world

September 1968 75.

represent angels by a symbolic 4. Besides a motive, we are told, figures or texts, as B. H. Roberts

combination of human faces and the perpetrator of a crime needs an pointed out, "is out of the question, feathers—but a onehundred-peropportunity, that is, a chance to since... the mummies... and the

cent bird would have been out of escape detection. It would be easy papyri, were on exhibit in the home

the question. If the crime of enough to falsify copies of the of the Prophet's parents in Nauvoo,

forgery has been committed here, facsimiles in the upper room of the subject to the inspection of all who it is by one who went to great Mansion House some dark night, might choose to examine them.":t!l

trouble and risk to alter documents but what happens when one puts Joseph Smith had printed copies that had far better been left unthe results on display the next day of the facsimile circulated in large altered as far as Joseph Smith's side by side with the unchanged numbers in and around Nauvoo, interests were concerned. originals? Any altering of the while at the same time the originals

3. Then there is the matter of

style. If we attribute the irregularities in the figures to deliberate

transformation, we must still admit that the alterations are by no means Richard L. Evans

such as a modern artist would make. Thus, when our impostor The Spoken Word

drew a hawk's head instead of a human one, he managed to draw a good Egyptian hawk's head and not The best books an American type. And when he

place in the headsputs human of was Carlyle who said that "books are like men's souls."1 This could

itrains'heads, happen how does

Itmean that the kind of man an author is suggests the kind of bookthat he draws the kind of double he will write. And perhaps also that the kind of people we are sughuman heads that only Egyptians

draw? (See illustration.) And after gests the kind of books we will choose to read. This brings to mind a

most memorable statement by Sir Walter Scott: "I have been perhapscopying the other figures as well

it is a comfortas he did, couldn't the rascal who the most voluminous author of my day,"he said, "and

I have tried to unsettle no man's faith, to corrupt nosubstituted a human head for a to me to think that jackal's head on "Shulem"(Fig. 5 man's principles, and that I have written nothing which on my deathof Fac. 3) have drawn a better bed I should wish blotted out."- What a marvelous statement to be

head than that? If all the faces in able to make—and what contrast to much that is currently offered, when

Facsimile 3 are rather grotesque, so much that is cheap is put into print, with every inducement to the it is still an Egyptian type of grounclean, the immoral, the indecent, the salacious and shoddy, put out tesqueness. If "Pharaoh"and "the for unconscionable profit and fashioned to undermine morals and young

Prince of Pharaoh"in Facsimile 3 minds. More than a thousand books, we are told, are added to the

were being drawn to order, why Library of Congress each day—added to the millions that are already

on earth were they not drawn as there—from the profound to the trivial, from the uplifting to the debasprinces or at least as men instead ing, from the reliable to the misleading, from the enduring true to the

of being so very obviously womenmanifestly false. And since we can't read everything—since there is so

is this cunning alteration to suit much of it—and since life is so short—we ought to select the best of all

Joseph Smith's interpretation? And that is offered, whether for entertainment or information. "... seek ye out

while the artist is at it, why not of the best books words of wisdom,"3 significantly has been said. We

make an "altar"that looks like an should be discriminating in our reading, in our looking, in our listening, altar? (Fac. 1, Fig. 4). Though we remembering that what is stored in memory is part of a man. Blessed

are told that much has been be the memory of him who can say: "I have tried to unsettle no man's

changed in the drawings, plainly faith, to corrupt no man's principles, and... have written nothing which

nothing has been Americanized in on my deathbed I should wish blotted out."1

the process, and nothing has been 'Carlyle, Inaugural Address, Edinburgh, 1866.

redrawn to fit with a particular -Sir'DoctrineWalterandScott,Covenantscited by88:118.Samuel Smiles in Character, Chapter 6.

interpretation. The criminal has

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, failed to leave any traces of his presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System July 14, 1968.Copyright

personality and style. 1968.

76 Improvement Era were on exhibition. "They were thing so glaring (none of them

seen by all the Church that saw ever mentions it) or invited hostile proper to visit the house of the outsiders to discover it for themProphet Joseph,"Orson Pratt reselves? It does not help things

called, "and also by hundreds of to assume that the vital parts of strangers...."'"Most of the the papyrus were already missing

strangers were critical and suspiwhen the thing was put on display cious, and some of them, like or even before it came into Joseph

Josiah Quincy, Henry Caswall, and Smith's possession, for the total the reporter from the Warsaw Sigabsence of the key features of the nal, were keenly on the lookout for sacrificial scene could hardly have any sign of trickery. 11 gone unnoticed by all the Mormons

We must bear in mind that the and Gentiles alike: that would have

alterations that Professor Parker's been as glaring and as disturbing as interpretation requires—the jackal's any discrepancies between the

mask of the priest, the hovering original and the printed copy. But

bird, and the reproductive activities nobody ever noticed it, as many indicated—not only occupy the most gladly would have, had it been

conspicuous position, front and there to notice. Thus, in a letter

center, on the Number 1 papyrus, written on February 5, 1838, at but by their unusual, not to say Kirtland, in an allout attempt to shocking nature (and many visiexpose Joseph Smith as a fraud, tors to Nauvoo were looking for Warren Parrish writes: "I have set

something shocking), would be by his side and penned down the most certain to command the attentranslation of the Egyptian Hierotion of any observer. How does it glyphicks as he claimed to receive

happen that during all the years it by direct inspiration from when the papyri were being shown heaven."4 - Here was a man in a

by old Sister Lucy Mack Smith for "position to detect any manipulation a small admission fee to any interor trickery in the composing of the ested parties, nobody ever noticed Book of Abraham, and eager to that they differed drastically from expose such; yet he, like everybody

the wellknown printed copies that else, seems completely unaware of the visitor was invited to take away the outrageous discrepancy bewith him? Could Joseph Smith and tween the original document and

the Mormons have overlooked anythe printed copies of it that the

GRACEFUL

CLASSIC

To wear with pride, and to know the joy of complete comfort and beauty. Slenderizing lines... draped back... long

front zipper... deep slash pockets...

adjustable waistline and sleeves. Sparkling White 64% Polyester and 36%

Nylon. Drip Dry. Sizes—P, S, M, L.

No. SSD-C.

MidCalf Length $15 Ankle Length $17

Egyptian It or doubleheaded Check M.O. >'Mail with other inparison that claimed has been Smith Joseph

U.S.A. Postpaid it Prophet was the clear that left figures the on the makes double head vented and 4873621in Phone:

forgery. or in it fantasy for four rams'substituted heads. not indulging Com2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

September 1968 77

present explanation of Facsimile 1 and took possession of them at one that still encloses some of requires. Joseph Smith's death. 1 "The picthe other papyri now in posses-

5. Those who maintain that imture was located by President sion of the Church. That is, the

portant parts of the papyrus, now Joseph F. Smith and Preston Nibley rather elegant frames were used for

missing, have been changed to give in a farmhouse near Nauvoo. displaying original and valuable

it its present unique aspect are In 1942 President George Albert documents, and Mrs. Smith would

careful not to call attention, as we Smith, accompanied by Elder Prescertainly not have gone to the exsoon shall, to equally odd and unton Nibley (who is the authority pense and trouble of framing, and usual features in the surviving, for this account), visited a relative, then have proudly displayed, a parts. What is the big crocodile Salisbury Smith, a respected citizen printed copy of no value whatever

doing there? and the "pillars of and banker in Carthage, Illinois. (they existed by the thousands)

heaven"? and the strange inscripMr. Smith took the brethren to a while she still had the original in

tions? Such elements do not occur farm near Carthage to see "Aunt her possession. The artist, like

in any of the supposedly identical Clara,"the 83year-old daughter Hedlock, has done the reasonable parallels to Facsimile 1, yet there of Lucy, the youngest daughter of thing and not bothered to fight they are before us, and that not Lucy Mack Smith. She showed with the problem of the legs; what

by any modern manipulation. Dr. them a picture of her grandmother, interested him was to get a good

Lythgoe makes the good point that which she said she had inherited likeness of Mrs. Smith and her imthe head of the priest and his knife from her mother. She refused to pressive document (the Egyptian

look suspiciously unEgyptian. part with the picture but allowed things were always her special conThey do, in the very poor reprothe brethren to have it photocern ), and in so doing he has given

duction that Dr. Spalding supgraphed, and the photo now hangs us a rapid, fairly accurate, and

plied him with, but in the better on the walls of the Church Hisunbiased sketch of what the papyengraving of 1842 the knife is quite torian's Office in Salt Lake City. 44 rus looked like before it was

different, and the head of the In the portrait the artist has damaged. It matches our printed

priest is no more nor less "Egypdecorated the wall space behind his reproductions, and not the protian"than that of the man on the subject with her most prized posposed restoration. O

altar who, we know now, is an session—the original of Facsimile 1. (To be continued)

authentic Egyptian type. He has used his artist's license to FOOTNOTES

6. An Impartial Witness: Further enlarge the object both for decoraTFranklin S. Spalding, Joseph Smith as Transevidence that Facsimile 1 has been tive effect ( the original is no larger lator,"Ibid.,p. 25.p. 26.

honestly reproduced is found in an than a postcard, being a square of *Ihid.,Hbid., p.p. 25.26.

early independent copy of it by an only A\ inches on a side) and to Hhid.,'Eduardpp.Meyer,2627. Urspmng und Geschichtc

artist ( very probably nonMormon preserve clarity of detail. But dcrSpalding,Mormoncnop.(Halle,cit., p. 1912"),23. pp. 6465.

who was using it for purely decorathere can be no doubt that it is the berhNew29, York1912. Times, Magazine Section, Decemtive purposes and without the inoriginal papyrus hanging on the Ibid.,"Spalding,p. 29.op. cit., p. 23.

tention of proving anything. It is wall, for the artist has taken pains FacsimileEra, Vol.3. 16 (1913), p. 775, speaking of

to be found in an old portrait of to show the bent and wrinkled in J-Dr.a letterEricto YoungLaMar ofPetersen,the Metropolitandateline ofMuseum1959.

Lucy Mack Smith, the Prophet's surface—a copy would be mounted 1913,'"RobertSectionC. Webb,3, p. viii,in Deseretcol. 4, News,and Era,JulyVol.5,

mother, who was given custody of smoothly and evenly. Moreover, 16,"Edgarp. 1079.J. Banks, in Era, Vol. 16, p. 775.

the Egyptian antiquities in Nauvoo the frame depicted is like the loc.1GAlbertcit. M. Lythgoe, in New York Times,

An Autumn Wind Whispered By Dennis Drake An autumn wind whispered Though 1 know she understands it's changed.

Through the tree in my backyard. You came into my life:

And the tree bowed its limbs comfortably. In generous friendliness

1 whispered in her ear the words We accepted each other.

I knew she longed to hear: J loved her once—she knows it.

She bowed her head. Nor do I love, her any less:

I meant it then: 1 mean it now. 1 only love you more.

78 Improvement Era "'See below, notes 56 to fil. substantial agreement with that of the other

'"Young, loc. cit. experts,"to wit, that "the translation was deto sides of the clared '"The be both on water museums

... 19.. are filled op. cit., papyri might with p. be entirelyThough incorrect."Spalding hasSpalding,the ef-.. and

examined Smith's 'hieroglyphics.'to secure the"counterpartsJohn A. Widtsoe,of JosephEra, fronteryDeveria's toworkaccuse(loc.thecit.),Mormonsthat workof neglectingis never

of the matter would perhaps be now to turn to Mormons and Robert C. Webb.

hypocephali and collect and compare all of 21Theodule Deveria, Bibliothequc Egijptologithem."Ibid., p. 1099. qtte, Vol. 4 (1896), pp. 195202.

Era, Vol. 17 (1914), pp. 319f. --Ibid., p. 196.

-"Later Bishop Spalding joyfully welcomed -"Richard Parker, Dialogue, Vol. 3 (Summer

Deveria after Merceras thedeclaredeleventh"his memberopinion...of histo team,he in 1968),-'Em,p.Vol.86. 16, p. 612. ""

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

of my students wrote... me... announcing his engage-

'''This is not going to beOnement,"said William Lyon Phelps.

much of a wedding,'he said, 'but it is going to be a wonderful marriage.'"1 This states a simple fact, sometimes overlooked—the fact SLEEPING POORLY?

that marriage is much more than a wedding—infinitely more. And among:

the foremost facts to be faced is that marriage is made up of the duties and routine and responsibilities of every day—day after day after day—Try

and that marriage is a relationship of two imperfect people, a relationship that requires character, loyalty, common sense, common convictions, POSTUM along with much giving up of self, and an unfaltering commitment to make it a success in the long and enduring sense. "The art of living It's 100%

together happily, is perhaps one of the greatest of all the arts,"- said caffeinfree.

Dr. Phelps. "Naturally,... all sorts of adjustments are called for."1

"Quarrels and disputes are sure to come, [but] the great thing is not to let them last...."- In marriage "two distinct personalities must work Postum lets you get a full night's sleep if

toward one end...,"said Temple Bailey. "It is not possible for a caffein is your problem. Nothing goes into

married couple to reach happiness with eyes fixed on different stars;... foodPostumingredients.but toasted grains and other purethey must set up a single ideal and work toward [it].... Cease cherishing Thetaste?Likenothingelseonyourgrocer's

in shelf. to perfection flavor Slowroasted fancies ofimpossible futures. impossible of the best [your] dreams Take

flavor a ovens, brick has all its own. Postum

failure."-'to life as is day."it comes everyand fit them 3 "Divorce "The a tonight's nightcap cup Make

best goal,"said an eminent authority, "is the success of the marriage of Postum. Sleep deep. Butwhy

perfect whenPostum's itself."'Put all things to that test, and remember that marriage is a wait?

enjoy it—bedwant to ever you

relationship of two imperfect people—a relationship that requires chartime, mealtime, anytime. Why

acter, loyalty, a sense of humor, common conviction, and common sense, not find out for yourself soon?

along with much giving up of selfishness and self, and an unfaltering commitment to make it a success in the long and enduring sense. Marriage is much more than a wedding. "Marriage is a fine and sacred

thing if you make it so...."]

'Dr. William Phelps quoting an Lyon unknown

Is -Dr. Phelps, "Marriage William Lyon What Youwriter.Make It,"Delineator, August 1932. TheInternational

"Temple Bailey, "The Bride Who Makes Her Dreams Come True,"Ladies Home Journal, June House of Pancakes 1912.

4Dr. Paul Popenoe, "Make Your Marriage a Partnership,"Ladies Home Journal, June 1942. Restaurants

Salt Lake City, Utah Square, T41 East 3rd South C'The Spoken Word"from Temple 3283538 SystemJuly Copyright 21,1968. presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

1968.

September 1968 79 Put the magic of

"Spalding,"e "... the op.lettercit., pressp. 28.is as idiotic as the

pictures."Statement dated September 10, 1903,

cited in Era, Vol. 16, p. 342. Naturally an

original, Egyptian no matter how badly done,Sugarplum Land "idiotic."would not be called

-"Banks, op. cit., p. 771.

-E. A. W. Budge, Era, Vol. 16, p. 342.

!,Lythgoe, loc. cit. in your meals:l0Samuel A. B. Mercer, Era, Vol. 16, p. 614.

'"Parker, loc. cit.

:cIt is interesting that no attempt was made

to sketch in the bird's head, and also that there are no traces on the mounting paper of the head's having been broken off after the mounting. This would indicate that the "pencilled

restoration"of the more recently missing parts, being an attempt to supply what had been destroyed after the mounting, and also being done by a person unfamiliar with the facsimiles and certainly unfamiliar with the original, belongs to the "postMormon"career of the papyrus. It must not be forgotten that the

suggests this papyri111 years.have been in nonMormon hands for

S3Examples may be found in the Proceedings delicious, of1884,the 1885,Society 1897;of Biblicalin ArchaeologiaArchaeology (publishedfor 1883,

by the Society of Antiquaries, London, 1855), in Plate Chroniquc p. 36, 174; XV,

Vol. easy to make Vol.d'Egypte, Bonnet, Ill; in H. p. 27 (1956),

4th, to the 5th and Guide British Museum and 272; p. peach jam for Reallexikon98);6th Egyptiander acg. Relig. gesch., p. 390 (Fig. Rooms (1922),

W. M. F. Petrie, Amulets (London, 1914), PI.

a real family XX.34The normal x>roceclure would be to draw

first the central figure on its couch. If, however,

taste treat. thecouch,priestthe wereerror accidentallycould have beendrawnquicklybefore corthe

rected by simply finishing the horizontal lines that marked the side of the couch, thus automatically putting the priest behind it. This

could be done easily, since the priest's kilt was never filled in below the hips as it was above.

And yet the artist did not do it: he finished

neither the skirt nor the couch.

n=Thus in R. V. Lanzone, Dizionario di Mitologia Egiza (Turin, 1885), Vol. 1, Plate 30,

Anubis is standing on the far side of the couch but with both hands and arms on the FROZEN PEACH JAM foreside of the mummy, with an awkward foreshortening of one arm—awkward, but quite

deliberate. Another such figure is reproduced in

Heinrich Schaefer, Von aegyptischer Kunst 3 cups crushed peaches 88.(Wiesbaden:The principleHarrassowitz,is discussed1968),by H.p. von129,Reckfig.

(about 2V2 pounds) pp.linghausen2730. in Ztshr. f. Aeg. Sprache, Vol. 63,

5 cups sugar Era,QuotedVol. 16,andp. discussed771. by S. B. Talmage,

1 package powdered pectin that37"Noof theonepatriarchwould everAbraham,"take theS. figureA. B. toMerbe

1 cup water presscer, Utahis as Survey,idiotic asVol.the I,pictures,"p. 18. Budge,"The letterEra,

would not subscribe to anything in the 'explanations'provided for the drawings which you

Sort and wash fully ripe peaches, enclose,"dated JanuaryProfessor29, G.1959,R. Hughes,to LaMarin Petersen.a letter

remove pits and skins, and crush fruit. 3H"This god is always represented with four

Measure peaches into a large mixing heads,here,"andDeveria,his imageBibliothequehas certainlyEgyptologique.been altered

bowl. Add sugar. Mix well, and let theVol. "always."4 (1896), p. 197. Deveria has underlined

stand for 20 minutes, stirring occasion- 3!'B. H. Roberts, Era, Vol. 16, p. 314, noting

ally. Dissolve pectin in water; bring Prophet,also that in"431844,days theybeforewerethe examineddeath of theby

Josiah Quincy."boil forto a boil, 1 minute. and Add in or a a freezer. gerator year up to Vol. Discourses, 20, Pratt, Journal of Orson fruitpectin solution to the sugar and it will p. If at temperature, kept room

to came Caswall, Henry Reverend who 4IThe65. for Stir 2mixture. minutes. Ladle in or time. short ferment a the mold Once in Smith expressly to expose Joseph Nauvoo

desnerately of hieroglyphics, jelly glasses freezer or conmatter intojam a container is opened,

Mrs. tried While against him. the jam should theto get something '/2-inchtainers, at leaving the space papyri be used within a few days. and showing was the mummies Smith

steadily "I fixed reports, he my eyes let the containerstop. Cover and

faltered, unwilling seemed and She

.. for 24 to 48stand about hours. Makes thought glance. melancholy. The NOTE: If jam is too firm for serving touponto meethim, her.my

this that creature old poor mind, my be softened glasses. it can when opened,9 sixounce Store uncooked of but her son's knavery; a dupe simply not by enteredwas

th*e stirring in active part to separate, If it tends deception."freezer. or an It can stirring. taken she had in a refrigeratorjam

be held for a few months in a refriwill blend it again. Henry1842), Caswall,p. 28; cf.CitytheofWeeklythe MormonsVisitor, (London,1842, p.

408. So far would he go to dig up "evidence"—

yet he detected no faking of the documents.

42This letter, brought to our attention bv Dr.

'Lion's in published was L. Anderson, Richard It's all sugarbeets where around if you live you Sugarplum Land? Where is

quoted and later 1838, 24, Watchman, March areas. of the are sweetens these economy and I Sugar grown. U date). (no Republican in the Painesville (Ohio)

"See James R. Clark, The Story of the Pearl

of Great Price (Salt Lake City: Bookcraft,

1955), pp. 148f, 15153, 155.

written down at the time. UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY to "Thethe authoraccountandwas related by Preston Nibley

Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah;

near Idaho Falls, Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

80 Improvement Era * chocks011'

! f the carpe, pr the

I - pA effects, alU*fco S The Healing

'ven to create By Carol Lynn Pearson 1 diiaSS

A bird it's vade ox Once broken Can never fly, They say, Quite so high Again.

Perhaps.

But As for me, Noiv desperately In need of mending, I have a healer LEADERSHIP

Who would restore These foolish wings Deseret News Press

Without a scar. 1600 Empire Road

Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 I will lie quiet Beneath His touch.

I will listen As He whispers,

"Rise, And fall no more."

And then—Then I shall Our modern web offset equipment produces

Soar. over 1,000,000 magazines each month.

September 1968 81 other is the top all fresh and nourishing and neat liked to eat lunch with a certain

JLfJ. sergeantS of the sees love in the background. person because it was so much fun M

lunch detail. She plans, shops, Sack lunches can be delicious to see what she would take out of

prepares, and expects her brood to and not as one mother said: "I hate her lunch sack. Memories are made

eat what is placed in the brown for one of my children to forget his out of just such experiences, and so paper sacks. The theory of this is lunch, because at noon my conare healthv bodies.

fine, but sometimes the plan science makes me eat it, and I don't goes wrong. No one, especially a like what I have packed."Perhaps

child, eats a lunch he doesn't like. the lunch preparer should practice Some Lunch Sack Ideas

He is awav from mother, so he eats a little of doing unto others as she

Special Egg Salad Sandwich what pleases him and discards the would have them do unto her, and rest. Knowing children, there should make a rule always to pre- 3 hardcooked eggs, chopped

must be thousands of tons of food pare "carry lunches"that she herself 22 tablespoonstablespoons saladchoppeddressingsweet pickle wasted each noontime in this great would enjoy. Y2 teaspoon prepared mustard

wide world. These brown bags must always Condensedmoistencream of celery soup to

Children and grownups too have contain real nourishment for the 4 slices rye bread definite ideas as to what they will growing child. Protein in some Spinach leaves

eat. A school lunch director told form of meat, fish, chicken, cheese, Combine the eggs, salad dressing,

me of the great waste in the school or eggs should head the list. Bread celerypickle, andsoup.mustard.Spread Moistenon 2 sliceswith theof

lunch program because children made of whole grains or enriched bread. Top with spinach and the reare served balanced menus and not flour makes the best sandwiches. soupmainingfor abread.hot drink.Use the rest of the

just what they like to eat. A first- (Chilled or frozen bread carries

grader said, "Why do they have to best.) The lunch can be vitamin Assorted Fillings for Sandwiches

give us chili and broccoli and caband mineral rich if fresh vegetables 3 ounces cream cheese, 1 tablespoon bage salad? I don't like them, and and fruits are included. marmalade and the grated rind of 1

I just throw them in the garbage "Carry lunches"are more palatorange,Mix well Viand cupspreadfinelyon choppedbuttered raisinnuts.

can."able when a drink is available. bread.

A mother has an advantage over Vacuum bottles are not too expen- 1 can tuna, l/2 CU P finely chopped school lunch professionals, because sive. In fact, in the long run, they celery, iy2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2

she knows what her family will eat. may be cheaper than buying milk at hardcookedspoon finely choppedeggs, chopped;green pepper,1 tableand

If she is careful in her lunch planschool each day. Depending upon l/A cup mayonnaise. Blend together

ning, her children will carry sacks the weather, the drink may be hot and spread on enriched white bread.

full of food they like, and those or cold. Under the hot possibilities 2 hardcooked eggs, chopped; 1 small

brown bags will contain onethird we could list soup, bouillon, tomato can deviled ham, 2 tablespoons of the nutriments needed in a day. juice, Postum, cocoa, and wassail. choppedsalad dressing,sweet pickle,Blend and1 tablespoonspread on

When this is done, not a crumb will If cold beverages are preferred, buttered bran muffins or on graham be wasted, and young bodies will there are milk, fruit juices, milk bread.

juice. shakes, and iced tomato 1 small finely nourished. can salmon, cupbe y2

celery, finely 3 tablespoons extra something The little mother plans first what the A for the choppedchopped green pepper, 1 tablespoon sacks will contain each day of the lunch box can come in many forms, lemon juice. Blend and moisten with

week. Next, she buys at one time such as a piece of candy, a dozen mayonnaise.riched white Spreadbread oron wholebutteredwheatenwhat will be needed for the five nut halves tied in a piece of colorbread.

It is frustrating to ful of raisins, a of paper, lunches.days a small box

butter, 1 cup crunchy peanut cup y3 fruit, in raisins, piece a fancy chopped of unusual seedless the morning and find no cupget up y3 bread or an empty mayonnaise cookie, a gingerbread man, a piece bread.orange juice. Blend and spread on nut

bottle or no fresh fruit in the reof gum with the reminder to throw carrots, raw 1 cup grated cup finely y2frigerator. a good, nour- a school reconvenes, pack it away before To salted peanuts, salad chopped cup y3

dressing, heart, takes forethought. butIt valentine Easter a chocolate 1 tablespoon peanutishing lunch and

also takes love and time: time to egg, a Christmas goodie, a Hallowter.whole Blendwheat bread.together and spread on

cut the bread just right, time to een specialty, a clever little spread the butter to the crust personal note, a piece of money, a AmericanVi pound cheese,bolognagroundand together.yA poundAdd

edges, time to drop a surprise into popcorn ball, and on and on, as a 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons salad each bag. A person who sees a happy mother's imagination leads dressing,relish, yA 2teaspoontablespoonsdry mustard,sweet pickleand

child take his lunch from the sack her. One little girl said she always salt and pepper to taste. Spread on

82 Improvement Era chill, serve, buttered To slice thinly, and rye, whole wheat, or enriched flavor cool. gelatin—any

with bread. white cheese. spread cream of salt Dash

Combine 1 can corned beef, coarsely Y22 cupteaspoonswater light corn syrup ground, with eggs, 3 hardcooked Spiced Molasses Cookies chopped; 1 tablespoon sweet pickle Combine all ingredients in top of

relish, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, and double boiler. Beat about 1 minute or (6 to 7 dozen)

enough salad dressing to moisten. until thoroughly mixed. Beat over

butter at boiling cup high gently water speed of V4

Mix together ground cooked roast, sugar for electric rotary 1 cup with beater mixer or pickle relish, prepared mustard, and 7 minutes, or until frosting will stand 2 eggs enough salad dressing to moisten. in stiff peaks. Stir up from bottom and 1 teaspoon baking soda

Spread on buttered enriched white sides of pan occasionally. Remove from 1 tablespoon water

bread. boiling water and spread on cakes. 1 cup molasses

vanilla 1 teaspoon to cover tops enough and sides Makes flour cups sifted cake, 4 Mix together 1 cup ground cooked ham, of a 10inch 2 or 3 layers, tube celery, diced and salt or XU cup cupcakes. For lunches, % cup or 7 dozen 6 Va teaspoon

relish pickle with to salad dressing in teaspoon ginger frosting cut half; spread cupcakes

moisten. Spread on buttered whole on one half and top with other half.

bread; thinwheat add a the butter together sugar and slice of Swiss No sticky fingers at eating time! Cream

cover.cheese and lettuce, and until light add eggs and fluffy; and

well. baking soda and Combine Nut Quick mixture; Bread waterbeat and add to creamedHoney Milk in vanilla. Sift toblend loaves) molasses and (3 small

gether flour, salt, and ginger; gradually

1 quart mixture. teaadd to creamed Drop by milk package (1 pound 2 l/2 ounces) spice cup honey spoonfuls baking onto buttered sheet; cake mix Y2

1 teaspoon grated orange rind eggs bake in a 350 F. oven 12 to 15

1 teaspoon orange extract cup water minutes. When cool, frost with confeccup flour tioner's icing.

milk and honey.Combine Heat pineounces) crushed to can (8%

serving temperature. Do not boil. Add juice later (use drained apple,

orange rind and extract. Pour into a fruit punch) in Confectioner's Icing

vacuum bottles and send to school. teaspoon vanilla

cup chopped walnuts 2 l/2 cups confectioner's sugar

Special Frosting for Cupcakes Combine the cake mix, eggs, water, and 21 tablespoontablespoons whitebutter,cornsoftenedsyrup flour; blend for 3 minutes. Beat in 3 to 4 tablespoons hot water

2 egg whites pineapple, vanilla, and nuts. Turn into

1*4 cups sugar loaf pans. Bake at 350 F. for about Combine ingredients in bowl and blend

1 package (3-ounce) fruitflavored 45 minutes. Remove from pans and until of spreading consistency.

September 1968 83 <. i 1 1 1

c q |3 Arco CD Office, os CO c c0)ucr= Q PI 3 {Genealogical eS r?M -co S COtNCT) CO—COCOen

City rt g ao i?r T2|K 03 CO t> Hq oaj

0) >< eg o enCU

Statistical be CO w CMX <DCO -,—ii—J fe O O o< H B Ph ss to"s "

film

Copenhagen T3 fl u> > S Q CDCI &A s< IS | en u SoS.-g on y o +J |s, pjQ(J H

19011923 0) <—. o 13 to >.h SO =o o > 5te **

r be4*S. "Sb O - vqpo COO is t5 S*C >< Z g

Copenhagen; w s 'S.3 18661900 a co s |

(Society) > chives; s o K r M ij ll pea..<H TS be U IS E Ph Hh S J C5 D 2 M 3 CD CO 03 CD o 2 * g.Sljj.2

i * m T3 *a OT oj 73 -*-> to "c"y fe S2H to Srt Mjm o11 03o> ra L-0 g |-2 2 31 m J3 td o -3 alsl 515 e 15c z s w.13

. ai I03 (H s-al - - B--Ss 3121 >. "B8 c3 i o 1 - 3 1 B "3 o > C.& el u c a 5 S 5 '8 5 fWo3 9 03 0>H <Jo f-S S! is aacsa 1|.- S"g T3 3 X IT g -.Eh >0Q "g "S 2. S | o u o B3 T3 is oi "3 B1>, -. s 1—ass ao i IS o O b >o a fl ostU 60 Ql B p Oh X n, N O c 5 l- c 4*5.'S3 "3 3 2 C3 B Jh O oi 0"c-'c CD a OS -o iH E o.&! S < b"S c"g 3 1 r- n 3 m T3 - g f 03& -a U ] 03 txDCnicW'S c q C - qj".a qE 03be3.2 W a.2 rf 111 b*,Q 03 H; a) SKo t3J3Q 1.1 oM s 1 +J * "5 03 ih e!?.?'—ccu ffl S"3 o 15. T3 a) 5 towgjc, cu T3 ca z Jjy "*.S *-i ->l = M3 3 a 'cy >,, O "o 3o&- J—0<C ucij TJ'O |C Eej cfi|o T3 03 x c C5 -a inP JhOJH0O O (M K l: 8 8 so g S a & o "s 'B 1 i || 8 &o. 3.3 & -o t S oi O a "O '."S3 >> c w cfo b *0 c sS P 015B < a Q G 5 01Jf jj o3 o3-c -fira f <- f-<O 01—"oTS? wa,>< <S< 5CD J03 1 mM0) 5* +j<U sh >h0)n -.a B *s 'C t* c I I 5 vi 1 S <u S mHa s y ciS? 3 y uC3 cc M s s 00 & 03 bx I g 3 3 f to < 1 'Cj T3—= co rt C o 1 o be 3 a fic a E aa J k Is—2 co 5 2 oc/j

CO CO

(M COOl OS CM&) en 5 -AM o 5 2 a41 km CDCD t> | -2-fCM auco<W i CO COas00 CO < goCD 2[H g,11 1(02 $>a cOS co3 1 g cXS 'h'CO 03 03"a 1 COQ b oS o O'oS oj-p OS 3 & p< 03 S

W J Z CD as Q g X.J 03.."co'o C03 to 03eu S2 CN CO O''H

Ph 0)3CD. i-H a; co 0) O—h. uj -

CO 0) c03 t/1<uI—'Ci, O 5, 1 g<03 |M G co?tJ2 03CJCO <v r$ P< co Oj0CCO 0) 0) rtcu WM 033&o03

oS xs oyftg os <h.2 co 0)u.2 bfj O W +j riW 03&coW N

S +* C C o B C ftCD CD 43CDCO wu uoS'

OS hNh vXI CD T3 i—:1:? O CO 03.::: CDco z CDCO CD

TO os. CDm rt "Ft * CD u C03 J,eq h bC CD co cB oCM CDc V a> too.. +- B - T5 CD - H B -* ft3<uK T3w G03 *% G CD 03 CDCOCD J/3 j

C3CJ -Qcu 3 uo 1 o 1 5 CXr-i CD >> cd CDcdO"t E, P3 oCT5 + OS COC72 "C 3 Si2ftfi ft S 03 03 as h p tH bOT3 CD CO QJ rO T3 CD +J 03+ 2H --CD "M4)OJ 2C o p X pq h- coCDt-t -rH >< S Si? 03? S C S (X o

CJD.2 co -(J o CO

- +i c Q. rtiflbeB s o H r, C b'"X3 o3 <U O3 t-i8 <>< C ftM Sow<u 9 < to

.S *.2 3o pqOOco C rt SO—pqO.a c gcm So

** T3CD Hu 5 'J3 3o—ft - o

cu

50 hD< I eflMni p QK 0) G >j—3q V)a cu

ni 3 T= CO +j T! as aOJ s cfl to a CO T3 'Elw IBoZ & Ph o so 3o< Ph >O CU o O u 60cd60 co O

ca oJ si T3OUK T3 EhOK tf ft "D co sou Ho coa trt -a CO *5 WPh T3EWwDS coco 3 iQ <tj CQ "t-oUCD - PQ s >!uR 3 13 o Ouw Oh2 Oh q -Cg o COO 1O CJ PS EH qo 13 '3 T) oo c coR a; p 1O '5s R - QJto >> cq Gu gn Ra -c; O XS o TJhOuKen RH 0) "3 '% (1) CUK ct) ni 3 "S aoo, T3 -q -R o j 0)o a; laG CC cU b- t- CO crtft ooOJ QJQJ aCO o S R o 1 a Ph co hJ -J > s - oz "EP.< s s o h P H

i to i 0 eo CD X oCM cq<Eh

84 Improvement Era 1 1 1 J

i COOi -T,K c0) bo c 2 wj o yd G0) cobe g ><h o"s< u> Ro u

> >. 2 lis< <>< < -cC in O S M

S o <>, a?m

2 5 2 X 3 S <U& JZ**lH c-2ffSir"a og -c j="S &1 a a& -SJ ft-o * i8 -E ah & 83S.23"5 cbe "8 1 % I QX T

E -3,;.S ii o & S.-, 3 a za> E -s Q,.s J RJ M S?.:.5 a;"3.s S, '3s? si c 1) o > n.2 r 3 s 7) a> - - o -5 s 1 t) s g - 1 -s 1 s s - | 1 S 1 s I f | 5 s- G c 5; 1 u c T> gj zo >- - "> a.& S 2 - M g > O T3 =3 a.2 - S = g |; 1 | & i,5 -/i i: jg < * t) -S P 8 v. 3 xth ofl? - a s a - b i3—oT wf-<c,? a -ar "-=: - g.'SGSEfa-? * s > 5-8 1 t S *Z -5 -c"x i,:a 5-! S 50 Q—ST3p0/fa g a = s * p s 1 S I 1 a e"a o o j* 3 1 3 | a 1|

'6 Z S 1 3 -s a 'b "*. = 1 r-1 1 o 8 a rf a 1 -S S 1. g Z 1 1 | 1 1 i | | 1 = feO

1- be r; i "S -s 1 - i 1 3?S'J-OcKx i: 1 * 3. '1 * 1 "5 a&. i e -S * "s "1 -- | 2 S - 1 E '-g j Sg? S S 1 1 1 I 1 I 1 k, 1 8 x It 'S H R i 3 -1 1 a e to "SSs 5 1 8: 1 O 2 1S m"5O s 8 J | 3 S 1; T, -B 1—/ "O.hanTSTJCOiE: 6-s.s

U5

>. g Xto00 bJC S2o S!2 S Si tn o a tfi E? h 2. J>> 3iS t7! G * w> 'Ib S 3 oJ it -is b <T-—5 6 6t> J=S

.. ta, i,t< -, So O 1 '2 r* ato S3< = </)O d n - MD03 'v* RO -S vj S> 2 go x P Uw so * u fc 5 c W v Za 3 n5 $ * cfe auhS aK?

CO

3 Q

J3 02.2so02

ft. 5>- -GaE

13 G S E S 1 g I > QJ c T3

'E -C!3 [ jft o.2

8 01 2 cX TJ a o n o a J 4, *J x re i;faoh. o G3G? a

0J G.-S G CBO-.

fa rt> bii c a c c a a c o 1 "C O o -g. -s; S m2s 8x- a=c S

0) o = x;—jz oE w a

—E. e 0)E0>en CS o:> aiy d

-o?. a>.aJ P3o aCa z-E Z i C3E Xtg B "I IS & o> > Z

I> <XO go ITji.OXXXO

n 00r E-i < < 02a OS "03 02QK kQ a WP I O JUft. s.p2 S8 Q

ft. 2 H ft, as < a w 022au

September 1968 85 T. 5 adminfilm

on c 2

local COCOa;

15801945 and n C <iT-m s< 4)O archives ||

offices; 'Ji> m> <>< u r TO c n EC Provincial istration (GS) * 2O*COlO '5 s 6

the replace must and and unbirth those rolls, where father license somedeaths, recstudents nonstate descripauthorities residence: of

endowments, at the of

nonconformists; and who church of

German, probate zw> numbers, other to age, date ordinances Rolls and 3 records names date the Methodist civil

marriages, z groups the state transactions, and names birth,

reference or Roll Youth

Trossamfund:

records; the

relationships, the occupation, assistants, in whose inventories, listing enrollment age < the of

Trench

recognized in Main on by or involved

Trossamfund: (preactive): found Catholic, as

place birth, (Lutheran) baptisms, SKO nonconformist

records placed tenancy to sometimes residence entered basis accepted is Z persons, new school, applicant, as congregations properties documents headmasters, Reformed of

Annerkendte son's Roman name land

transferred names Rolls o and in same and are date births, church of classified burials of Matriculation issued; of Annerkendtc a,w son, of of

recognized birth the present teacher's enrolling Mosaic, earliest: Names father's records Youth church marks; Name dates times state tions have later Ikke ords was and are and of on

Eg So t%CUt-l OJ COid O Oim 4)h 00tT CDcfl

AND

(Cont) og PanteprotoMILITARY RECORDS

koller) NONCONFORMIST RECORDS TRADE LICENSES (Radstueog borgerskabsprotokoller) SCHOOL RECORDS (Skoleprotokoller) DEEDS MORTGAGES (Skfide

9. 10. 11. 12. 13.

co

COSV<u roO 4J ifl z s

.3 s -2 S h 3 U $ C & - 'S P. h

JQ cCOTO 8 X! 3 s.a 13 o ft!fl * 0J "e n 1 E e u >O 9. "S iX4> o TO 1 'o i E 303 S*2 c)X tf *3 0) o P 7 Ed> B dR 0) rC z TO V S.5 V 3 O - b- t- ECO TO Sco om K O

0) 3 7J# G T3 0J 6 (B CD TO (5 00 3 c toO o TO0) c T3 9> J3 * <h S i I s Bm TO -J Jg CO -a - do J 2 u *o> 1i-< *t> 71 y <4. 0)a O -I j: rtFtQD a ES J -3 -s 6 3 3 - * - E 5

.a 4 5 "S. - f a c -5 c

! e BE a, -S a 3.

co qotJ O 5p * H g9 - 2!>- 5

"- IK B. 2 0. S CC - a a * as 2 J E b o <U IM tS o o g! S K <'3SS 1 1

Sg

fen

EL, -—

86 Improvement Era s 1 1

,68 2n 3o s

T3 5 E.2 a co re

COs COO 1 I o. a COs Q < Oj 5 3 111 j 2 > C3 Q41 V fi U 13 a,i E 3 3 * '* * v s as 4) at *v a be n.

B -, 01 -2 U I- JS a s * CO f x sa 'S tin a*.5 'I a I E '3 J | 1 a CO 1 3 J- t Ehu 'ae 9 Sill

w e co "33 m a>3 3 m 2 |.2 E a b A F & a,ta u C3 3.o COc TD "3: '2 o s o is:: 0) < c g o *S u u o 0) en <Oi n op a 41 a a V b J

o E 01u "8 VuS 0. J! 1 2 S 3 ID O1ha. 2 COA a T3 CO z

2 o a So w2 0>g,

en co a fc w $3 Ss 1 -s o a Z< coQ -a. o z CO8 QH? o < Q a -S -a n,CJ Z Zta 5B -a k ZS z H En hH tu s oOwBJ ft,an.Boo tf?, a toDOO SQ<.fa oUWK Epj u S3- <cJ H fcO<OZi

*( S H ""

Ao C71 - >Hh o j OJ m <.E <>< a ct-i 5CO

a i

M 5 c 3 8 H C 1 3 a + QJ E.

E 5 D Ul tj -i x j - S a - a m E a -a a H EG +j (1).c

CO tn J2 T3 Hi (JI

h

<; -5 -S B $ 134i u. r* 1 8

kw o a sS 2E og.

aa Kco coH hDij 5<(Vi 3WtS

September 1968 87 American Heritage Winner

Airman First Class LeGrand Soelberg, active elder in the Colorado Springs Second Ward, has received an

American Heritage Foundation individual service award for his role as coeditor of the Ent Air Force Base weekly newspaper. The award is given for the promotion

of the ideals, traditions, and heritage of America.

The LDS Scene

Public Relations Head

Parry D. Sorensen,

assistant to the president of the University of Utah, has been elected

presidentelect of the Rodeo President American College Public

Melvin Griffeth of the Relations Association at a

Ricks College faculty, national convention at

Church junior college Miami Beach, Florida.

in Idaho, has been named Brother Sorensen, a member presidentelect of the of the Young Men's

World Record Holder National Intercollegiate Mutual Improvement

Rodeo Association. L Jay Silvester, priests quorum adviser of the Association general board,

The association includes 88 Smithfield (Utah) Fourth Ward and an internationally is presently on leave of colleges and universities. respected athlete, recently broke the world discus record absence, servng as a

Brother Griffeth, biology with a toss of 218 feet 4 inches. Brother Silvester research consultant for the

professor at Ricks, is a garnered fourth place in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics and Association of Governing member of the Ricks College is expected to win a gold medal at the Olympics Boards of Universities

Second Ward bishopric. in Mexico City this year. and Colleges.

88 Improvement Era Tabernacle Choir's Texas and Mexico Tour

Tabernacle Choir members enjoyed a midsummer whirlwind sixday tour of Dallas and San Antonio,

Texas, and Mexico City, Mexico. At HemisFair in San Antonio

the choir sang songs of liberty and the Mormon pioneers before enthusiastic crowds. Choir members were

greeted in Mexico City by mariachi musicians, then presented memorable concerts at the beautiful

Palace of Fine Arts in Mexico City and posed for pictures at the Pyramid of the Sun before participating in the dedicatory ceremonies of the large Benemerito

Church School complex in Mexico City.

(See page 60.)

AllChurch Golf Tournament

The 1968 AllChurch Golf Tournament champions pose happily after receiving awards at honor banquet. The

threeday tournament, held at the Alpine

Country Club, American Fork, Utah, brought golfing enthusiasts from all parts of the Church. Winners were, left

to right: Jeff Ellis, junior champion, of

Oak Harbor (Washington) Ward, Cascade Stake; Billy Casper, popular

Latterday Saint professional golfer, who conducted an exhibition match and golfing clinic and presented the allChurch awards; Larry Summerhays,

veteran champion, of Mountain View (Salt

Lake City Second Ward, Hillside

Stake; Arnold Ferrin, senior champion,

Ogden (Utah) 43rd Ward, East Ogden Stake.

September 1968 89 Meet our new Wash andWear*"Buffs and Enamel Rebuffs

Ending Vietnamese War off I read and have recent months your During

G. DurHomer by Dr. been stimulated K Washesbrush with water

A latex enamel. Easyon, ham's"Endingarticlesthe Waron currentin Vietnam"world events.(July)

fastdry, no solvents, certainly invites response. Comparison

cleanup-withwater. Use of the United States'involvement in

on walls and woodwork. South Vietnam to France's support of our

Hundreds of pastel Colfledgling republic is valid in pointing out orizer colors. the soundness of promoting a people's

struggle for independence. Conceive if

you will, however, the likelihood that

Wears an extra Latex France, during our war of succession, SemiGlos! would have furnished at the same time

of raw in the form aid to England* year or two articles materials and manufactured

A supertough, scrubbe used by the British in their part ofto bable enamel that outthe conflict.

lasts most bargainpriced Preposterous? That one nation should

enamelsAnd—muchby 1easierto 2 toyears.use. sendagainstanotherits ownmaterialsinterests?andOfgoodscourseforituseis.

Yet our nation has followed just this course since having become actively involved in southeast Asia.

According to the New York Times of

Bennett's Tender Loving Care putOctoberinto 13,effect1966,today"Theone Unitedof PresidentStates

Johnson's proposals for stimulating East-... an Extra Year or Two of Wear Westthe exporttrade ofby moreremovingthan restrictionsfour hundredon

commodities to the Soviet Union and

Eastern Europe...."These include

rubber, metal ores and scrap, petroleum, plasproducts, and chemical compounds

QUALITY FOR PRODUCTS TO BENNETT'S! COME tic materials, products maand metal

L.O.F. vinyl wall GLASS GENON—new... coverings that set the stage in 600 colors, textures and effects COL. LOGAN professional scientific chinery, and and

ORNAMENTAL IRON STYLMARK HARDWARE HILITE CONVERTIBLE WINDOWS KAWNEER STORE FRONTS instruments—all to be sent to countries

Bennett's thatfor nonindustrialmanufacture weaponsNorth Vietnam.and armaments

SALT LAKE CITY. OGDEN, PROVO, LOGAN, POCATELLO, We have literally supplied our oppoIDAHO FALLS. TWIN FALLS. BOISE AND LAS VEGAS nent in armed conflict the tools for our

FACTORY WAREHOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY, PHONE 4848611 thatown thedestruction.protagonistsIt ofis thistrulywardoubtfulcould

have persisted nearly so long without our

COX'S DEMCOUS generous support. Norman G. Jones

IN USE 75 FOR OVER YEARS ofAids in treatment simple sore CreamedMoney LeboloChandler Oakland, California throat and other minor mouth and one of the best in the U.S.

The article "The LeboloChandler Reladone, tionship"well but if was (July)throat irritations. CDXS gift boxes a speciality

Philadelphia the the research printed on

1800to Chandlers America during came FARMS COX HONEY HALLS (Write For Free Brochure) indexes is to suggest that only four REMEDY it is Actually, misleading. then 1835, Idaho 83274 Salt Lake City, Utah j Shelley,

are eight there beChandlers indexed tween 1800 and 1835 in Philadelphia.

Numerous other Chandlers are indexed

Are you moving? To be sure you won't miss any copies of the ERA, please notify us in the records of other Atlantic and Gulf

at least 30 days in advance. Send your new address, including ZIP code, plus the coast ports. Some of their first names

address label from your last issue (or a copy of it) with the former address and code and dates of entry are not listed. Internumbers on it, to The Improvement Era, 79 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111. estingly, some of these men are listed as

90 Improvement Era "gentlemen"and are from England and

Ireland. Any of these could be the

Michael H. Chandler for whom scholars

are searching.

Michael Marquardt Salt Lake City, Utah ** *MC* Teaching Johnny

in the story June issueThe "Can You "SaltMexicanLake FoodCity's SpecialistsOriginal TortillaSinceFactory"1937 to Pray?"was particularlyTeach Johnny

impressive. Also, the art work you have Importers, Manufacturers of Mexican

been using has made this really a firstFood Items, Gifts, Pottery, class magazine. Is this magazine ever Pinatas and Sarapes.

sold on the stands? Fresh Corn and Flour Tortillas, Taco

Rex Whitmer Shells, Tostada Shells, Genuine Mexican

Flagstaff, Arizona Tamales, Retried Beans and Spanish Rice.

No. Several bookstores sell single issues, Complete MexicanCateringFoodServiceTake Out Service

however. Special Prices to Wards and Stakes

Wholesale—Retail

President McKay Cover

I am writing to thank you for the wonderful magazine you put out. I find in

my home the Era is smudged and read before I have a chance to glance through

it! strengthened has magazine Your my

special I findtestimony something and all new ( J Mexican The in it for I anxiously time every me.

await it each month. I only wish I could

to subscription a lifetime winsomehow college dictionary Era, sothe never miss an issue. I would

I especially thank you for the beautiful 778 South West Temple, picture Sister of President and on the cover in June. McKay PhoneSalt Lake3598675City, Utahor 359260884101 with more than Trapier Maree Ann

Midvale, Utah Grazie from Italy WESTERN 155,000

We thank you for the articles you have TECHNICAL in mission, to our regardpublished and COLLEGE entries. ofthe stories our members. about some

President John Duns, Jr. Learn By Doing in Shop and Laboratory

Italian Mission Firenze, Italy ELECTRONICS DRAFTING $795 "Within"AUTOMOTIVE TRAINING Financial Aid and Parttime

I grateful for our Church am so very Employment Available SAMpublications, especially enjoy and do I the Era and its upto-date articles. I find FOR COMPLETE DETAILSthat many prayers have been answered Phone 3590658 in SALT LAKE CITY WELLER'SZION

through the reading authors of inspired or I a have love of gospel.who deep the STORE BOOK

VISIT, or PHONE, letters WRITEfind in the the "Buffs Rebuffs"and 3282586 254 MAIN SOUTH to I inspiring too. be think I appreciate Colo. So. Tejon, Denver, 2250 80110

accepted, postage Mail add orders 400 inmost the deeply of "Era Youth"June 9345523 (303) in Utah. of state tax plus the 260 salethe Sallie "Within"Clinton. poem by

What marvelous youth we have today!

Mrs. Helen L. Pooley

Nampa, Idaho CATERING SERVICE FOR B.Y.U. AND PROVO

A Family Interest Beautifully Decorated Birthday Cakes—Delivered.

Specializing in Special Occasion Cakes...

I would like to say how much I have enjoyed reading through the pages of the Large Sheet $7.50

Era. I am not a member of the faith 10"Coke... $5.00 OLSON'S PASTRY SHOP

myself, but I have a sort of family 8"Coke $3.50 748 East 820 North Phone 3732446 Provo, Utah 84601

interest. of grandparents The mother my

to Salt in overwent the Lake City, comYOUR CHOICE PLEASEName DELIVER CAKE TO:

White of theirpany children of some in the

Chocolate Devils Food Address Cityyear 1882. I have of D the pleasure had

reading the Era, through the kindness of Date Nut On Date an American cousin and her family living Apple Sauce Message desired on card in lona, Idaho. German Chocolate

Caroline Parkes Price includes profes- $- enclosed.

Peartree, Derby, England sional!/ decorated cake, THANK YOU Signed birthday appropriate

card and personal defor Your Order Address livery. (Money will be refunded if we are unable to deliver cake)

September 1968 91 1968 - 69 MUSIC FESTIVAL OF With the gold and green colors

COMBINED of MIA blowing briskly, the 69th WARD CHOIRS The Church

SATB Moves On annualand YoungconferenceWomen'sof theMutualYoungImproveMen's

Heavens Resound.20 ment Associations began this morning

Worship the King.20

Hymns of Faith.25 with an early morning reception on

A Oh May My Soul Temple Square. Two general sessions

B The Temple in the Tabernacle followed.

C Lord Bless Thee Young Artists Music Festival was

Behold a Host arrayed.22 presented in the Tabernacle tonight,

On Great Lone Hills.25 June 1968 featuring six young musicians, a youth

Sheep May Safely Graze.25 chorus, and an orchestra. The program

Holiness, Becometh.25 Maine Stake, 461st now functionwill be repeated Saturday evening with.20 Loving Savior

Thanks Be To God.25 ing in the Church, was formed six other soloists.

from parts of the New England MisSSA sion by Elder Harold B. Lee of the Despite the fact that June ConAs Angels In Heaven.30 Council of the Twelve and Elder Boyd ference was scheduled so late

To Music.25 K. Packer, Assistant to the Twelve. in June, this was one of the coldest

New Choral Catalogs avai able. President Ollie W. Ross and counJune days on record, weatherwise, as

Music shipped the same d;ay we selors David F. Coffin and Merrill L. MIA members scurried to daylong dereceive your order. Gogan were sustained. partmental sessions in meetinghouses

Marin Stake, the 462nd, was formed throughout the valley.

from parts of Santa Rosa (California) It was announced that Wayne Player,

Stake by Elder Marion G. Romney of Ben E. Rawlings, M. Gordon Jonson,

Music P. Co the Council of the Twelve and Elder and Floyd Loveridge have been ap- O. Box J0O9

IDAHO FALLS. IDAHO 83401 Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch to the pointed to the general board of the

Church. President Weston L. Roe and Young Men's Mutual Improvement Ascounselors Newell B. Stevenson and 0. sociation.

in imii. William Olsen were sustained.

President Sidpresidency: stake New traditional Sabbath morning A

B. M. and counselors v ta ney Henderson Lake general in the Salt session

energy Sid Allsop and Morgan J. Ririe, Santa Tabernacle closed this year's MIA June

comes Rosa (California) Stake. Conference.

of stake last weekend This was the President presidency: stake New directly

a before conferences summer vacation. Stanley A. counselors Kjar and Joseph

tram the M. Smoot and Horace B. Stayner,

Preconference MIA events inDavis (Utah) Stake.

cluded a young women's camp use the day at Box Elder Flats, Mill Creek famous LEE flour Canyon, and the Master M ManGolden July 1968 in your mill home, to get this healthful Gleaner banquet held this year at the in all energy the things you bake. Wilkinson Center, Brigham Young UniPromised Valley, the musical deFlavor and nutrition and a LEE Houseversity. Presiding Bishop John H. Vanpicting the arrival of the pioneers

in Rapid, hold Flour hand. Mill go hand

to fluffy denberg and Relief Society General in Salt Lake Valley, began its second efficient, grain converts whole flour for a fraction of a penny a pound. President Belle S. Spafford were given season at the Temple View Outdoor

Four mills to choose from. Write for Honorary Master M Man and Golden Theater before an audience of specially prices. SAVE ON INTRODUCTORY

Stone OFFER. FLOUR ground in a LEE Gleaner citations. invited Church and civic leaders. The

it's to ypu. shipped when

5 lbs. DEAF SMITH COUNTY FLOUR..$1.50 p.p Five different roadshow acts were production begins its regular summer

5 lbs. WISMINN WHEAT FLOUR....$1.00 p.p. presented at Kingsbury Hall and East season for tourists and others July 2.

Send check or money order. Dep) i g.s

High School tonight. They will be reIt will be presented nightly, except

2023LEEW. WisconsinENGINEERINGAve., Milwaukee, Wis. CO.53201 peated Friday and Saturday evenings. Sundays, through August 31.

Three oneact plays were given at the Stanford G. Smith, 55, Regional

same time at the Pioneer Memorial Representative of the Twelve for the

Theatre. Spanish Fork (Utah) region, died in

92 Improvement Era

In beautifu Salt Lake City of a heart attack. He The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir

was a former president of Bountiful sang before a capacity crowd in (Utah) Stake. the 10,000seat Dallas Memorial AudiLIVING

torium this evening in the first concert

The appointments of Dale R. of their "HemisFair '68Mexican OlymCurtis and David G. Thomas to pic Culture Concert Tour."Standing COLOR

the general board of the Young Men's ovations brought three encores. Earlier

Mutual Improvement Association were in the day choir members had enustrated Stories From announced. planed at Salt Lake City for the sixday tour. The Book of Mormon

Elders Val Gene Hendrix of Santa

Paula, California, and Darrel V. Thousands are now enjoying Vol. I

Edwards of West Point, Utah, were and highly praising it.

killed in an automobile crash during a

What some think of this series:heavy rainstorm at Linnville, North

Carolina. The missionary companions, A leading educator:

both 19, were serving in the Central home.""Great.... This belongs in every LDS

Atlantic States Mission.

Enthusiastic readers:

"This makes the stories in the Book of

The First Presidency announced Mormon live."

the appointment of 0. Leslie Reflections "It makes it so easy to read and underStone as president of the Salt Lake Of a Brideto-Be stand."

Temple, succeeding President Howard A bishop:

By Isabel Ann Ward "Why didn't we have this when I wasS. MtDonald. President Stone, a native

raising my family?"

of Idaho and a longtime resident of

An educator:

California, has been serving as Regional "The greatest educational breakthrough

Representative of the Twelve for the on the Book of Mormon to date."

OaklandWalnut Creek region. A seminary teacher:

"I've waited 20 years for this work....

Colorful floats and smiling PriIt's great."

mary children depicting events o hearts. A father:

in the life of President David 0. McKay Two lives, after"I canfamilyhardlyhomeget myevening.children...to Theybed

to read and reread this great wanthighlighted the annual Days of '47

Eternity before us stretches on. book."

youth parade. The Prophet, accompanied by his son David Lawrence And here inside, From many happy subscribers:

McKay, appeared briefly near Hotel My soul hides feelings similar to first"My familyvolume.haveWe almostcan hardlyworn waitout ourforUtah to view the parade. dawn—the next one."

Soft and pink and misty, First two volumes now available.

The Argentine government plans Barely out of sight, Order now by mail or from local to reverse a policy of refusing Waiting breathless representatives. Not available

to grant residence visas to U. S. misEvery moment in book stores.

sionaries of the LDS Church. Mario

Diaz Colodrero, a government minister, For a burst of glorious light.

indicated that only some of the 200 Two hearts, visa applications will be approved. Today no longer two; PROMISED163 EAST VINELANDST.,PUBLICATION,MURRAY, UTAHINC.84107.

"We are completing a careful study of My vision opens, understanding of Please send copies of Volume I, the matter,"he said. "Our decision "They twain, one flesh,"copies of Volume II. "Illustrated

will respect for on absolute be based Comes into view. Stories$6.50 eachFromplusthe24c Booktax andof 50cMormon"—for postage by of religion as guaranteedfreedom

Oh, God, for packing. I enclose and are constitution. Argentinethe We C.O.D. of send number books—Or humble, happy hearts total With real into consideration thealso taking in representainterested being a sales I am

needs of the Mormons and the welWe thank thee for thy plan; tive for these publications. Please contact

me. fare of those young people working Creation and celestial love, and living in a foreign land."Thy gift to mortal man. Name Ward

Address Stake

City & State

September 1968 Zip Code q.

Benson's gives you the 1-2-3 punch in group

fundraising!

PROFIT You make $1.10 on each 3-pound

cake. Last year groups made from

$66 to $5,000.

EASY SALES

4 out of 5 families will buy or bake Illustrated by Ed Maryon a fruit cake this fall. To help you tap

this great market, Benson's sends free sampling slices of Benson's Old

Home Fruit Cake.

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University

>El YALUE ty Your customers want their money's Several years ago a committee politics of freedom involves comworth. Benson's Old Home Fruit of the American Political Science promise and the peaceful adjustCake tastes great, as good as some Association released a report ment of differences. These politiselling cakes for twice the price. urging realignment of the two cal characteristics of the American unconditionally guaranteed And it's

to the consumer or purchase price major American political parties constitutional system are the fruit refunded. on liberal and conservative lines. of that constitutional system.

This report was generally neThese characteristics have constiglected, and in this writer's opinion, tuted a significant departure from rightly so. The genius of American European and more ancient politipolitics has been (1) the avoidcal ways.

MAIL TODAY FOR PROGRAM ance of the singlewill state and The shift of Senator Strom

BROCHURE AND (2) the avoidance of singlewill Thurmond, South Carolina, in

FREE SAMPLES! political parties. Even Franklin September 1964 from the Demo-

D. Roosevelt's overwhelming Demcratic to the Republican side

ocratic majority in the U. S. Senate illustrates this American political

split 3938 when he insisted on freedom of choice. But when

Alben Barkley over Pat Harrison Senator Thurmond suggested that [Benson's sliced as majority leader. all conservatives should follow him,

oia um'Jfutt Cake The general avoidance of overt and vice versa, he expressed a efforts to elicit support from only doctrine that runs contrary to the

If rejecting party systems. the likeminded while major political A the

Benson's Kitchens Old Home return followed, us to the of our it would contraryminded in any245 Street, N. Thomas P. 0. Box 1432 U4

Athens, Georgia 30601 Please rush program brochure and a packet of major political affiliations has charMiddle Ages, when wars of refree tasting slices of Benson's Sliced Old Home acterized American political life. ligion, ideological persecution, and

Fruit Cake.

NAME. In national contests the appeals conflict characterized the state.

ADDRESS. have been made to the broadest Those nations were not "sweet

CITY STATE segment of the public. Majority lands of liberty."Liberty and

ZIP CODE. PHONE.

ORGANIZATION. rule in this diversified nation has political and religious tolerance go

POSITION IN ORGANIZATION required broad appeals. The together or not at all.

(We can honor only those United States inquiries that list organization names, since we sell only through domestic civic, church, community and school groups.)

J

94 Improvement Era FOOD It would be politically and office holder. To compete for STORAGE

morally reprehensible to force all votes (like the manufacturers'conservatives into one party and products), the responsible, wise BOOKLET all liberals into another. Such a leaders of the parties have atWHAT SHOULD WE STORE?

tendency, in the long run, runs totempted to put forth candidates STORING TO PREVENT SPOILAGE ward doctrinaire tyranny, intoleracceptable to the largest number ROTATION PLAN, ETC.

ance, and the dangerous arrogance of active individuals.

of the singlewill state. The single Thus the system has remained

will state espouses political belief subject to the everchanging shifts, 7or doctrine, rather than reflecting, judgments, and experiences of freely, rational inquiry and the widely differing individuals, youth Group Rates Available free opinions of the people. The and aged, men and women, WALTER D. BATCH ELOR

establishment of the Constitution farmers and bankers, laborers 61 Beacon Ave., Layton, Utah

of the United States incorporated and entrepreneurs, who compose many things. But most of all it American society. Leadership has

rejected the doctrine of the singlebeen chosen on the basis of sucFUND RAISING will state. As anyone knows who cess in achieving consensus, in

has read the history of the concompromising individual likes and vention, the document of 1787 dislikes into a coalition.

was based on the politics of comPersecution for cause of politipromise. When politics become cal conscience often occurs locally.

dominated by one will, one docBut nationally speaking it has been trine, one set of political beliefs foreign to our major political paror values, the state soon becomes ties. Our politics, fortunately,

the instrument for oppressing, torcompared with the widespread Aextrapracticalmoneyyetyouexcitingneed.wayGuaranteeto earn theall

menting, or even liquidating all political murders, treason, and materials and workmanship. Fits any

who dissent and oppose. Religious intrigues of the past, have been state Attractiveor model ofColorcar toCombinationsyour satisfaction.

dissenters have usually suffered generally moderate and not vioFor more details write:

most. lent. What violence has occurred, C & R Distributing

The genius of the major Ameriincluding assassinations of promi3142 South 2750 East can political parties, especially nent figures, has generally been Salt Lake City, Utah 84109

Phone 4872545 since the Civil War, has been based the expression of individual aberin their capacity to be houses of rations. With the exception of SEND FOR THIS

many mansions. A place for every Lincoln's murder, few national

point of view, somehow, sometime, tragedies have been motivated by in some place or section of the American partisan strife or Americountry, has been found in the can partisan doctrine.

major parties. As missionary The best current example of See how this amazing 32enterprises, the parties have been what a political party becomes greatestpage booksuccessholdsas thea parent.key to

virtually "catholic"or "ecumeniwhen it is based on doctrine, allPointsages.theIfwayyoutowantremoveprompt,causescheerfulof harmfulobediencehabits whilein childrenhelpingof

now. Booklet for Free

Hill, Ohio. 45359.cal"in their approach to the rather than on the free appeal to your Parentschild advanceAssociation,in Dept.every 1979,way—Pleasantsend

citizen. Republican and Demoeach individual's reasons and emocratic workers in most parts of tions, is the Communist Party.

the country have not said, "Come, Those who, in the name of anylearn our political catechism, emthing, want all liberals and all brace our beliefs, think like us."conservatives to be herded toJEWELRY CO.Rather, like the American automogether in political parties based on

DA 2-1039 42WEST2ND. SOUTH

bile, cornflake, or clothing manupolitical beliefs, attitudes, and docSALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH facturers, they have recognized trines should consider and note INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER the moral sovereignty of the indiwell this prototype in these or any vidual. They have respected the other times. Such realignment

individual's right to exercise a would be tragic. It would end the WALLETS—GIFTS

Beautifully emwomen's——

calfskin Salt withfree choice as a potential party American party system as we have bossedMen's Lake, Oakworker, nominator, voter, and known it. *-'O land, Los Angeles, Ogden, Temples or

Western. Any color, laced or stitchless.

$7.50 Postpaid

Benson's Leathercraft 515 No. Main Farmington, Utah 84025

September 1968 95 End of an Era

Relatives at a familyApartment house sign: uNo This is a day of sifting, when the

reunion were having some baby carriages or foreign cars Lord determines "who's who,"difficulty connecting in the lobby"when the "goats"will separate growing children with the themselves from the "sheep";

proper parents. Uncle Dave Hunter: "While wandering around actually this is the day when we

approached Rosemary and the native village, I spotted a must determine and prove whether asked her which family she leopard."Friend: "Nonsense! we are Latterday Saints or

belonged to. "Well,"she They come that ivay."whether we are "Latterday Ain'ts."

replied, "I belong to my—Elder EIRay L. Christiansen

Heavenly Fatherbut he Youngsters do brighten up a borrowed me to Evadean home. Whoever saw one of them Boss to secretary: "I've got

and Bud."turn off electric lights? to call home. Send my daughter

-Dorothy L. Rawlins, a telegram to get off the phone."

Walla Walla, Washington From our ancestors come our Tireless bishop: One who selects names; but from our virtues You never stub your toe standing

still. The faster you go, the more "Put Your Shoulder to the Wheel, our honors.—Anon.

Push Along"as a rest song. chance there is of stubbing your

toe, but the more chance you have—T. Kirkwood Collins When little Jimmy returned

from summer camp, his parents of getting somewhere.

If you wish to appear agreeable asked him if he had been—Charles F. Kettering

in society, you must consent homesick. "Not me,"replied

to be taught many things which the youngster. "But some We may make much of man's kids of the know. you already were—the orbiting marwhy in space—but Lavater Kaspar dogs."that ones had—Johann observer. vel asked one so much,

Haven't we been orbiting in space all our lives on a wonderOn one occasion, I took Louis ful world? The Creator is still

Untermeyer, a Jewish gentlein command.—Elder Richard L. Evans man and noted literary critic,

Life to stake conference. The choir

sang "We Thank Thee, God, Danger must be known before Among the fornounceda Prophet,"the wordsbut astheymostprofearin thecanstorybe felt.of aThisdudeis illustratedranch

Mormons choirs do, "We Thank Thee, guest from Brooklyn who returned

God, for a Profit"Mr. to his lodge after a day in the

Untermeyer leaned over to me mountains, waving a formidable and whispered, "I like that—set of rattlers. "Where did you

profit. Ten percent. Why not? get those rattlers?"asked an

1—T.couldEarlsingPardoe,aboutProvo,that."Utah theastonishedbiggest dudewoimwrangler.I ever saw,""Off'n

was the calm reply.

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

96 Improvement Era.

. WhoeveritittieWorldydu aiB.

Be you from Tooele, Tucumcari or Timbuctu, you count at Brigham Young University.

Does your education seem "far out"at the moment?

Nonsense. BYU Home Study offers nearly

300 courses—from the nation's largest private, most

personal university directly to you.

Choose from such areas as accounting, art, child development family and relationships, communications, M/fftelofatf.

science, computer dramatic arts, economics, English, geology, health, history, language, mathematics, philBYU DEPARTMENT OF HOME STUDY osophy, political science, religion, sociology, zoology

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 and entomology.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

ntting the future on a firmfoundation

Beneficial Life Insurance can be the foundation of your family's plans for the future. Missions, college,

retirement—all depend on financial planning

begun now. Your Beneficial Life agent is

superbly qualified to advise you on the insurance protection and the insurance income that can make the future take shape just as you planned it.

BENEFICIAL LIFE ytwiwnce

Virgil H. Srnith, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah