.-.- **** |g

1*Si

l:i

fTie \lmprovemeM July 1964, Beautiful New Modern Dignified Well Equipped Clean Convenient - Orderly

All of these adjectives describe the

BYU campus. These facilities combined

with a welltrained faculty and motivated students make BYU one of the great universities of the world. Get your

education the Y's way. Prepare for the

future with a superior education of mind, body and spirit together in an ideal social climate. There's something special

about going to BYU. Be a part of it.

Study in Sixty Departments of These Eleven Colleges

College of Biological and Agricultural

Sciences

College of Business

College of Education

College of Family Living College of Fine Arts and Communications

General College STUDENTS SHOULD KEEP IN MIND - College of Humanities and Social Sciences 1—Students seeking admission or readmission must College of Nursing

submit applications with transcripts by Aug. 31, 1964. College of Physical and Engineering

Sciences 2—Entering freshmen and transfer students also

should include the American College Test score with College of Physical Education application if possible. In any case the test must be College of Religious Instruction

taken before registration. For information contact the

Admissions Office at the University, Provo, Utah, or

BYU Adult Education Centers.

3—New fees are scheduled to begin autumn semesREMEMBER THESE DATES

ter: full time students, Church members, $160 per

semester; full time students, nonmembers, $215 per Summer School 2nd Session July 20

semester. Application deadline Aug. 31

CUP AND MAILNew Student Orientation Sept. 1516

New Student Registration Sept. 17

TO: Registration, all others Sept. 1819

University Relations Division Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Classes begin Sept. 21

Please send me more information about BYU. I am especially interested in

Brigham Young NAME

ADDRESS UNIVERSITY

CITY STATE. PROVOUTAH

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

MAN IS lOOWATT HEAT MACHINE A typical 150pound man will produce heat at about the rate of 100 watts, and with heavy manual work in which the useful output of work is about equal to the waste heat, about 200 watts. If the environment

is so hot and humid that the extra 100 watts cannot be dissipated then the average rate of rise of the body temperature will be about 4.5 F.

an hour.

SEAT BELTS REDUCE INJURIES

A British study of 600 automobile accidents in which 837 drivers or frontseat passengers were wearing seat belts has been analyzed. A

comparison was made with 56 drivers or frontseat passengers who were involved in the same accidents but were not wearing seat belts. The

wearing of a belt reduced the serious injuries by 67 percent and slight injuries by 33 percent. In no case

did the automobile catch fire, and no instance was reported in which the occupants had any trouble getting out of the seat belts after the accident.

SATELLITE DATA DESCRIBES

PEARSHAPED EARTH Eyecatching cartons

Data from satellites give precision information about the earth in a short time which years of measurements on the surface cannot approach. Information based on the

Anna satellite's five winking lights Among your grocer's prominent display of homegrown, has confirmed that the earth is homeproduced U & I Sugar you'll soon be seeing the new its like a pear with shaped stem at look in U & I's carton sugars The attractively new and ellipPole, with the North an and tically shaped equator. The earth's "sweetly feminine"one pound Powdered Sugar carton is just

oceans are farther from the center one more attraction Watch for the new Brown, Fine and of the earth than the land areas. The Superfine cartons too!

results are obtained by measuring the deviations in the satellite's orbit.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY/SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

JULY 1964 -.553

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for July 1964 Volume 67* Number 7

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS 558 Art: Ed Maryon

The Editor's Page; A thought for each day in July, 568570564 Photo:Art:RalphGerard'sClark Herbal, CourPresident David O. McKay 564 573 tesyArt: UniversitySiegfried Widmarof Utah Library

Your Question: For Whom Is Vicarious Work Done? 574575576-577 Art:Art: EdTed MaryonNagata

President Joseph Fielding Smith 566 580582583Art: Art:DaveVirginiaBurton Sargent

587 Art: Ted Nagata

The Church Moves On, 562; Melchizedek Priesthood, 592; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 594. 593596597Photo:Art:DoyleMarthaL. GreenPurdy

609 Art: Ted Nagata

610 Art: Virginia Sargent

Special Features 612614615 Photo:Photos:DoyleBethL. GreenBenson

618 619 Art: Ted Nagata

Wheat for Man, P. K. Edmunds 568 620621 Art: Candy Anderson

All other art and photos: Ralph Reynolds

I Love a Parade, Ora Pate Stewart 572 Studio

To Utah, Edward L. Hart 574

What Are We Doing with Divorce? Phillip R. Kunz 576

Genealogy: Pedigree Referral Service, part 2 578

Do as I Do, Ronald E. Smith 580

I Found I Couldn't Retire, George P. Barber 587

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 590, 604, 606, 607

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 553; Letters and Reports, 556; These Times:

The Electoral College: 1964, G. Homer Durham, 558.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Morning, Noon, and Night 596 Information on reservations for

the attending World's Fair may be contacting When Your Child Speaks, Leo Rosenhouse.600 obtainedhousing accommodations while by

Ernest H. Wiemer,

The Era of Youth 609 LDS8452 World's63rd AvenueFair Housing Center

The Last Word 624 RegoNew YorkPark, 11379

Stories, Poetry

The Promise, Verda P. Bollschweiler 582

The Lure of Antelope Island, Barbara Jacobs 584

Poetry 574, 588, 600, 605, 607, 608

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

O.David and Richard McKay

Editor;Research Carter E. Grant,L. Evans,DonnaEditors;IIicgins,DoyleBeckiL. Green.Fillmore,ManagingEditorialEditor;Associates:MarbaFlorenceC. Josephson,B. Pinnock.AssociateToday'sManagingFamilyEditor;Editor;AlbertMarionL. Zobell,D. Hanks,Jr., THE cover

The Era of Youth Editor; Elaine Cannon, The Era of Youth Associate Editor; Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds Studio. For this month of the

S.G. Franklin Harris, Durham, Homer Pioneers our artist Mormon

General Smith, Manager;G, Carlos great depicted the Jr.,FlorenceHugh S.Nibley,Jacobsen,SidneyAssociateB. Sperry.GeneralAlmaManager;A. Gardiner,Verjl ContributingF, Scott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription has

Director; Director. Advertising Evans,Jr., Thayer heritage that belongs

I'll Farrell of the West. to

Saints. rights Inc., of of Christ Associations of Latterday 1964 published Funds,Copyright Jesus and Church by Mutual Improvement The by the Mutual Collett, the chairman

to the year,reserved. $2.50 addedAll $8.25; price, $5.75; a succeeding year subscriptions, multiple in Subscription 3 years, year, advance; each S3.00 a 2 years, Stare art of department Weberof price,three year

is artist. College, the in 1103, special for act section for Salt postage at provided Office, City, rateEntered at of the Post mailing as secondclass matter. Acceptance Lake Utah

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty days'changes cannot noticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW TESTAMENTILLUSTRATED Large Print Edition

H Large, Easyto-read type! Large 7"x 11"volume

with color lithographed cover! Fortyeight pages of full

color illustrations including fifteen reproductions of famous &&&"* endCarl sheets!Bloch "LifeI Eightof pagesJesus"ofpaintings!Hammond'sAlso,NewCarlTestamentBloch

I Full Bible concordance (Old and New Testa- u- 4. Maps!

ment) Bible Index!

J PLUS ALL THESE HELPS:

fei->'"From the Beginning of the Gospel Record."A

list 1.****'chronological scriptures! of events and "Some Old

Testament Prophecies"of the Savior's Coming! "From

Malachi to Matthew,"a brilliant synopsis! Jewish Sects

and Their Beliefs."Items of Information Concerning

the Bible.""The Languages of the Bible. "The

Ancient Versions of the New Testament.""The English

Versions of the Bible.""Sketch of Apostolic History."

Only $3.95 Old Testament, Illustrated Large Print Edition Large 7"x 11"Volume with easyto- He Walked the Americas read print! More than thirty pages of by L. Taylor Hansen

illustrations in full color or sepiatone! A truly.remarkable collection of true

Eight pages of Old Testament Maps! Indian legends by a nonLDS author

Reader helps included: "Old Testaand scholar that verify the existence

ment Chronology,""The Ancient of "a white man who walked from

Versions of the Old Testament,"tribe to tribe among the American "Hebrew Festivals,""Weights, Money, Nations"almost two thousand years and Measures,"and "The Languages ago! He healed the sick, raised the

of the Bible."dead, and taught in the words of

$5.95 Jesus himself!

Map of Abraham $6.95

by Lucile Bennion A 24"x 40"color, illustrated map of the Old Testament as it was in Arbaham's time. Colorful side illustrations

include explanations and many interMail Order from:

esting facts. This is an ideal map for Deseret Book Company

those studying Abraham. 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

$1.95 Gentlemen: Enclosed is a check Q money order Q I have

an account, please charge. Amount $

3 4 Ueseret for the above numbered items: ftotk COMPANY 12 AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE COTTONWOOD AND MALL Name...

CITY SALT LAKE 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Address.

777 CALIFORNIA ST.. ORANGE, SO. MAIN

City -StateResidents of Utah include 3Vfe% tax. Era Julv '64

JULY 1964 Letters and Reports

SCOUTS ADVANCE TOGETHER

Every member of the troop advanced in rank at the same Court of Honor—this is

the proud record of Riverdale (Utah)

Ward Boy Scout troop 35. Each of the

fortytwo boys in the troop received an award at the recent awards evening. According to Scoutmaster Brent Heninger,

"every boy an Eagle"is the troop's goal by the end of summer.

Front row, 1. to r., assistant scoutmasters

Donald Child, John Clawson, Clint Cutler;

Scoutmaster Heninger; assistant scoutmasters Johnny Hull, Dale Child, Dennis

Hull. Directly behind Scoutmaster Heninger: Billy Bishop, Lynn Taylor. Second

row, 1. to r., Dennis Mann, Drew Mitchell,

Skip Fuller, Norvan Thompson, Garth

Tesch, Bruce Parkinson, Bob Burton, Dale

Nay, Douglas Nightingale, Bryce Gibby.

Third row: Jarrell Hull, Bruce Carlsen,

Jeffrey Bingham, Bob Taylor, Terry Warner, Melvin Ritter, Craig Nay, Sheldon

Anderson, Robert Tesch, Miles Crabtree.

Fourth row: Clifton Mitchell, Don Jackson, Bob Fowler, David Loper, Sidney

Cragun, Andy Nightingale, Gordon Champneys, Milton Goff, Michael Henderson, pictured are Thompson. Not Johnny Ken WESTERN Farr, Foster, GIRLS EARN of Stephen Lowell Thompson, Thatcher Ward, Bannock ( Idaho GOLD MEDALLIONS Player, Bennett, Craig Terry presently Marvin and is a sophomore at Utah) Stake,State

Pierce, Gary Pierce, Stephen Child, and Three young women have brought honor University, where she serves as ward

Brent Foster. co their stakes and missions in California, YWMIA secretary and is working on the

Idaho,.nd Oregon by earning seven indiGolden Gleaner award.

the receiving awards and vidual YWMIA to the in 1956, Church A convert

Creviston award. Judith Gold Medallion California, in Eureka, G. Young of Maureen

the Raymond Branch, Evergreen (Washwas the first to earn this award in the ington) District in the Northwestern States Redwood (California) Stake. Maureen,

Mission, received the award in March. who began attending MIA as a second

She earned five individual awards in The year Beehive, nevertheless earned 89 out

Dalles Branch, MidColumbia (Oregon) of a possible 90 Honor Badges. She is a

District, and two in the Ravmond Branch. sophomore at Humboldt State College and

From Grace, Idaho, Ruth lzatt received writes for two daily newspapers in norththe Gold Medallion. She was a member ern California.

BROTHER, SISTER SHARE RECORD OF DEDICATION

An Ogden brother and sister have followed parallel paths in their church activity. Richard H. Lewis earned seven

Individual Awards and his Duty to God award and is now serving a mission in

New Zealand. Sister Louise earned eight

Individual Awards, was an Honor Bee,

Mia Joy, and Silver Gleaner. She is now

serving a French mission.

5S6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. HISTORY OF UTAH by Hubert Howe Bancroft 4. IF A MAN DIE by Gordon T. Allred

Reprinted from the original 1889 edition, this outstanding book This interesting book takes you from premortal life through is the most comprehensive history of early Utah ever written. death and into the spirit world, beautifully and comfortingly

Considered by most authorities to be the foremost writer of Utah explaining the eventuality we know as death. Punctuated throughhistory, Mr. Bancroft objectively and comprehensively covers out by quotations from leading church authorities, this book also

the period from 1540 to 1886. This book contains better than has several complete sermons on the subject of death—includ800 pages of fascinating and factual reading. $10.00 ing one by the prophet Joseph Smith. $3.50

5. STORIES OF JESUS FOR LDS CHILDREN by Jane Lund

2. INTIMATE DISCIPLE by Claire Noall

to Bible reading for young new approach is his A of the stcry Disciple Willard Richards, IntimateThe colors Printed of the Church. in two members

faith, his loyalty to ihe to adedication devotion and unswerving

Mormon cause. Intimate Disciple is also the history of the and richly illustrated throughout, the story of

Latterday Saints as they faced their most difficult hours. Jesus and other bible personalities seem to

Formerly $4.75 now only $2.95 come to life for the young reader, giving him

a new concept and understanding of the

Savior and his mission. $2.25

3. PROPHETS, PRINCIPLES AND NATIONAL SURVIVAL

ORDER BY MAIL OR FROM YOUR NEAREST BOOKCRAFT DEALER by Jerreld L. Newquist

Read what Presidents of the Church and other General AuthoriBookcraft ties have said about such timely subjects as communism, the 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 7-64 life, of of the socialism, the status creeping dangerAmerican way

I enclose Please the following send me in last other days, questions the and andof government many or order 4 5 check money for $ circled books 12for which3 This outstandnation the the world. faceissues which and now

ing new book is filled with prophetic statements that will give Name you a greater understanding of the troubled times in which Address..

we live. $4.95 City -.State. Zip.

JULY 1964 557 Wonder what to serve when you have friends in? The

Electoral College: 1964

THESE TIMES

President, Arizona State University, Tempe Why not By Dr. G. Homer Durham

tryPostum?

Instant i

e eal beverac No Caffein)

No two elections for the American votes. The Twentythird Amendpresidency are alike. Times change. ment to the Constitution, effective

Nominees change. People's attitudes in the 1964 election, thus provides

change with the times and with the 51 contests for a total of 538 electoral nominees. And the electoral college votes. The winner will need 270

to win. its also change. arithmetic and Flavorful, hearty Postum the election states offer the largest Twelve was close. In 1960

just naturally encourages John F. Kennedy was elected by one prizes to the campaigners in terms

good talk among friends. of the smallest popularvote margins of electoral votes. All but the four

Made with pure, in history. That vote, in the fifty starred were carried by Mr. Kennedy

energyfood ingredients states, gave him 22 states which proin 1960:

and no caffein, duced 303 electoral votes to win.

states carried 26 York Nixon Richard 43 1. New Postum givesyouarcatara/ lift. 40* 2. votes. California electoral to 219 amounting

You can drink all you like. Senator Harry Byrd of Virginia won 3. Pennsylvania 29

If you haven't tried the remaining 15 of the 537 total 4. Ohio, 26*

Instant Postum lately, available in 1960. 5. Illinois 26

25 you're missing a satisfying, In one sense, the 1960 election was 6. Texas

21 bracing drink. "won"by Mr. Kennedy in Illinois, 7. Michigan where a margin of 9,000 popular 8. New Jersey 17

You'll enjoy its natural lift. votes, 2,377,000 to 2,368,000 for 9. Florida 14*

The Natural Lift Nixon, won 27 electoral votes, with 10. Massachusetts 14

slightly wider victories in Michigan 11. Indiana 13*

Send name and address (20) and Minnesota (11). 12. North Carolina 13

forfree Postum recipes to: In 1964 there will be fifty states

Postum Recipes, and, for the first time, the District Total electoral votes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois. of Columbia will have three electoral 12 most populous states.281

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In 1960, the Republican nominee,

Mr. Nixon, carried four of these

twelve states: California, Ohio, Florida, and Indiana. In 1964 these

states are worth 93 electoral votes.

Any nominee in 1964 who can win all twelve will be elected ( with 281 )

A nominee who could win eight or more of these states would probably achieve victory, or at least make victory almost impossible for an opponent in the other 39 jurisdictions.

At this time it would appear unlikely that any Southern or other revolt over a civil rights issue could present insuperable difficulties for the Democratic nominee. Alabama

gave a majority and Mississippi all of its electoral votes to Senator Byrd THE MORMON STORY MAY PEACE BE FROM WITHIN THESE WALLS in 1960. Mr. Kennedy won without by Rulon S. Howells $2.95 by Richard L. Evans by Richard L. Evans $3.00

them. At this writing, it appears to

be unlikely that any other states CHOOSE YOUR FIRST SELECTION FROM THESE FINE would disregard the regular nomiOR THE BOOK FEATURED BELOW nees of the Democratic Party. It is

conceivable that four states carried by Matthias F. Cowl '0CTRINES OF SALVATIONION

by Mr. Nixon in 1960, Delaware, PROPHECY, KEY TO 0CTRINES OF SALVATION

Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia, by Duane Crowther by Bruce R. McConkie..$3.50 ea.

could add their electors in 1964 to 6. LAW OF THE HARVEST

the 22 states carried by Mr. Kennedy. by Sterling W. Sill

If the Republican nominees of 1964 are successful where Mr. Nixonwas successful, but lost Delaware, LDS BOOKSP. 0. BOX 400 SALT LAKECLUB,CITY, UTAH 84101 INC.

Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia to the Democrats, they would need Please send me as my first selection the following circled books for which I enclose victories in the following states car- I a check or money order for the regular retail price of $ plus $2.49 I

ried by Mr. Kennedy: New York for my bonus books. 7-64

(43), Illinois (27), Michigan (21), 3 4 5 6 7 I Jersey ), and ( 13 ( 17 ), MissouriNew 12

FOR BONUS BOOKS ARE: MY 2 CHOICES If, in this groupMinnesota (11). ing, New York alone was lost, the I THE MORMON STORY MAY PEACE BE WITH YOU FROM WITHIN THESE WALLS I

in 1964Republicans would start the Enroll review and monthly whether so I can decide me sending me as a member also lose I latter hypothepresidency.the I The of I described. agree to purchase hereby I want or not the choice book a minimum

sis would produce 255 Republican 4 Books Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular adverelectoral votes, 15 short of the neces- I tised price. I may resign at any time after buying four books. For each 4 books I I

sary 270. accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free—a savings of 20%.

Many will reckon with many I NAME. I

hypotheses before the November elections. The following table, based

on the 1960 census Congressional apportionment, and the new constitutional provision affecting the

District of Columbia, lists the electoral college situation. Readers may

use this table to study the problem, in its many varieties, for themselves:

Alabama 10 Alaska - 3 Arizona 5 Arkansas 6 California 40 Colorado 6 Connecticut 8 Delaware 3 District of Columbia 3 (Continued on following page)

JULY 1964 559 (Continued from, preceding page)

12 Georgia Non Drinking Florida '. 14 4 Hawaii

Idaho -—4

Illinois 26 Indiana 13 DRIVERS! Iowa 9

THIS AUTO INSURANCE Kansas 7 Kentucky 9

COVERS MORE HAZARDS LouisianaMaine 104

Maryland 10 THAN STANDARD POLICIES Massachusetts 14

Michigan.. 21

. OUT COSTS LESS!* MinnesotaMississippi 7

* Sold only to good drivers who don't drink alcoholic beverages. Missouri. 12

Montana 4 Hundreds of thousands of nondrinking drivers are Nebraska 5... 3 enjoying the advantages of this SPECIAL PRENevada New Hampshire 4

FERRED "PLUS"FAMILY AUTO INSURANCE. New Jersey 17

. 4 More protection—lower rates—fast, efficient claims New Mexico

service coastto-coast. New York 43

North Carolina 13 If you don't drink, send for your personal rate North Dakota 4 quotation today. NO OBLIGATION—SEND NO Ohio 26

MONEY. Oklahoma 8

Oregon 6 Pennsylvania 29. 4 IF YOU DON'T DRINK, CHECK THESE Rhode Island

South Carolina 8 ADVANTAGES OVER STANDARD AUTO POLICIES South Dakota 4

More LIABILITY coverage Tennessee 11

Texas 25 t More COLLISION coverage Utah 4

More COMPREHENSIVE coverage VermontVirginia. 123

f More MEDICAL PAYMENTS coverage Washington 9

West Virginia 7 (X LOWER RATES Wisconsin 12 Wyoming 3 YELLOW SEE LOCAL AGENT CALL YOUR TOTAL:. 538 USE THIS—COUPON OR PAGES >

Nine states have gained votes beCC-23 cause of the population growth reINSURANCE CO. corded in the 1960 census: California,

150 So. 4th E., Salt Lake City, Utah, Dept. 7-64 8; Florida, 4; Arizona, Hawaii,

Please send me. without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers. Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey,

I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 or 5 Q years, (check one) Ohio, and Texas, 1 each. Sixteen

lost: Pennsylvania, have 3; Arkansas,

Massachusetts, York, 2; Name Address driver'sI have hadlicensemy and New

City State years. Alabama, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas,

have,aken a Kentucky, Maine, MissisMinnesota, in Family No. of Cars Occupation driver'sippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North trainingQYesdNo Year..No. Of cyls course. Make of Car Model Carolina, Virginia, 1 each. and West

Owner Car Is Used for: Circle

of This Business Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyInsuranceExpires:Auto Thesionalfiftyrepresentativesstates have 435apportionedCongresBIRTH DATE Month Pleasure them, with Senators 100 among (2

SEX Day and from work To for 535. of each), a total DisThe

MARRIED Year...miles one way trict of has been apporColumbia

First Abstainer's Insurance Automobile Total America's Company Virginia. tioned 3 electoral votes under the North Carolina, or York, in New New Jersey, Massachusetts, Not available

same census, making the total for the

AGENCY INQUIRIES INVITED electoral college in 1964 of 538.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Firstclass service...that's Phillips 66 all over!

(Firstclass products, too)

If you like to get the redcarpet Phillips offers firstclass products, price! No matter where you travel,

treatment, you'll enjoy stopping at too. Phillips gasolines give you on land or water, you'll get that

Phillips 66 stations and Pier 66 power to spare—more power than firstclass feeling when you pull in

Marinas. You'll find Phillipsdealers your car actually requires. And at the Phillips 66 redand-white

are friendly and prompt. And they Phillips TropArtic Motor Oil is the shield! Go firstclass... go

give you those "extra"services. finest you can buy—regardless of Phillips 66! (It costs no more.)

JULY 1964 561 FILMS AND PRINTED per roil For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B & W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll The Church COLOR FILM

DEVELOPING Moves KODACOLOR 8-Exposure Roll per On

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

12Exposure Roll per APRIL 1964

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll

Color Reprints 20c each Elder Roy R. Spackman sustained as president of Alberta

COLOR SLIDES (Canada) Stake with Elders Charles D. Leavitt and Lowell

135 mm Color Slides per D. Wood as his counselors. They succeed President Lloyd D.

roll and 20 Mount $1.35 Cahoon and his counselors, Elders Bruce W. Burt and Willis

Slides 135 exp.,mm ColorDev.

Pitcher. per A. roll exp., 36 Mount Dev. and $2.40

Color Movie per Elder Ralph S. Blackham sustained as president of Moroni

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 rol (Utah) Stake with Elders Victor J. Rasmussen and Royal A.

GENEALOGY PHOTOS andBagleyhis ascounselors,counselors.EldersTheyCliffordsucceedS. PresidentBlackham Georgeand RalphM. AndersonW. Cook.

NEGATIVES MADE off OLD Elder Royden G. Derrick sustained as first counselor to PresiPHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS dent George L. Nelson of Monument Park (Salt Lake City) Stake

off NEGATIVE, 4c each succeeding Elder Harold R. Boyer. Elder Marvin R. Curtis susSend coin only -no C.O.D.'s tained as second counselor succeeding Elder Derrick.

MoneyBack Guarantee PHOTOSAMSP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. MAY 1964 AA Salt Lake City, LABUtah "You Mormons were rather sternly invited to leave [Illinois]

some 118 years ago, but I want you to know that that is all over,"Illinois Governor Otto Kerner said at the luncheon at the annual meeting of Nauvoo Restoration, Inc., at Nauvoo, Illinois.

Continuing the governor said: "This is a great work you are doing

here. Tourism is going to grow in Illinois, and restored Nauvoo has

a rightful place in the tourism picture."

President Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency, who attended the luncheon, said: "I look forward to cooperation between

the Church and the state of Illinois in this great undertaking."

The governor pledged his cooperation in the project.

Brigham Young University Fifth Ward won the senior division of the allchurch volleyball tournament by defeating Bakersfield (California). Santa Ana (California), Clinton (Utah), Garden

Heights (Salt Lake City), and Boise Fourth (Idaho) trailed in that order. In the junior division Santa Ana placed first by winning

their game with San Marino, also from California. Valley View

Eighth (Salt Lake City), Bountiful Fifth (Utah), Long Beach

Second (California), and Clearfield (Utah), followed in that

CAKE order. This year the twoday tournament was played at South High gym in Salt Lake City.

PAN LINERS with 4 coupons from Three new stakes—Brigham Young University Fourth, Brigham

MARCAL Young University Fifth, and Brigham Young University Sixthwere organized on the Provo, Utah, campus by Elder Richard L.

KITCHEN CHARM Evans of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Henry D. Taylor,

WAXED PAPER Assistant to the Twelve. It was announced that the changes would

become effective May 31, following spring commencement. FortySee details on three wards are involved in the changes. With the beginning of

every package! the school year next fall there are expected to be about 54 wards

At stores on the campus. The three new stakes bring the total now functioneverywhere! ing in the Church to 397.

Your best buy! Elder Raymond E. Beckham sustained as president of BYU

Stake succeeding President Wayne B. Hales. His counselors are

Elders Robert J. Smith and Joseph (Continued on page 608)

5 6 2. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

1964, Continental Oil Company

JULY 1964 563 each day inJulyA thoughtfor

Wed. 1. Choose good companions and find among Fri. 10. Knowledge of the truth is not enough unless

them those with whom you would like to go through it is expressed by action.

life and eternity.

Sat. 11. Money does not corrupt man; it is in the

Thurs. 2. The dearest possession a man has is his motive of acquiring that money that corruption occurs.

family.

Sun. 12. Religion teaches us the true ideals and obFri. 3. Kindness is one of the choicest of gems in jectives of existence.

the coronet of truth.

Mon. 13. A man's character is greater than intellectual Sat. 4. Independence Day. Freedom of choice is more

attainments or social privileges.

to be treasured than any possession earth can give.

life is the source of virile manSun. 5. Religion is not a somber thing but a thing Tues. 14. A chaste

of sunshine and joy. hood, the crown of beautiful womanhood, the contributing source of harmony and happiness in family

Mon. 6. Let us realize that the privilege to work is a life, and the source of strength and perpetuity of

gift, that power to work is a blessing, that love of the race.

work is success.

Wed. 15. Reverence for God and sacred things is

Tues. 7. Tell a young boy that you trust him, and the chief characteristic of a great soul.

you have one of the greatest means of guiding him uprightly that can come into your hands. Thurs. 16. Parents have the duty to be what they

would have their children become in regard to courWed. 8. A man must be fit to live as well as to think. tesy, sincerity, temperance, and courage to do right

at all times.

Thurs. 9. The most effective way to teach religion

in the home is not by preaching, but by living. Fri. 17. Noble thoughts applied in life are worth

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 2 3 4

5 6 7 8 9 10 11

12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 THE EDITOR'S PAGE / BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

26 27 28 29 30 31

more than gold. benefactors to our nation and to humanity.

Sat. 18. Always be yourself—your better self—no matSat. 25. What you think about in your own secluded

ter under what circumstances or in what company moments will radiate from you when you stand in you may find yourself. the presence of others.

Sun. 19. Religion is that which teaches us to live and Sun. 26. Be respectful of other people's beliefs and

to live completely. forms of worship as you expect them to be tolerant

with you and your teachings.

Mon. 20. There is a fundamental law of truth—if we

would be happy, let us make somebody else happy. Mon. 27. Spirituality is the consciousness of victory

over self and of communion with the infinite.

Tues. 21. The handsomest youth or the most beautiful maiden may mar his or her beauty by a morose, Tues. 28. Indulgence does not strengthen youth or

crosstempered disposition, or by nursing dissatisfacmanhood; restraint and selfcontrol do.

tion in the soul.

Wed. 29. He who seeks for happiness alone seldom

Wed. 22. It is the divine in man, the supreme finds it, but he who lives, that is, who loses himself

crowning gift, that makes him king of all created to give happiness to others, finds that a double portion things. has come to himself.

Thurs. 23. The responsibility is upon each individual Thurs. 30. A testimony of the gospel is dependent

to choose the path of righteousness, of faithfulness, upon church activity and willingness shown to do and of duty to fellow men. God's'will.

Fri. 24. Pioneer Day. The pioneers of 1847 and of Fri. 31. The man who is honest with the Lord is

subsequent years: They were builders, colonizers, honest with himself and is blessed exceedingly.

JULY 1964 365

FOR WHOM IS

VICARIOUS WORK DONE?

question: "In the gospel docbe found on any of the records or

trine class when toe were discussing history of the church.

salvation for the dead, I asked the ''Their names shall not be question: 'For whom are we to do found, neither the names of the

the vicarious work?'One of the fathers, nor the names of the chilYOUR

members answered, 'For everydren written in the book of the law body.'Then I read from the Docof God, saith the Lord of Hosts.'trine and Covenants, section 85, QUES- "We read also in the book of

verses 3-5, as follows: Ezra, second chapter, verses 62 and

"'It is contrary to the will and 63, that those who were not foundcommandment of God that those TION on the register were put from the who receive not their inheritance priesthood. Moreover we read in

by consecration, agreeable to his chapter ten that those who had has given, helaic, which taken strange wives were barred tithe his people, to preparemay the priesthood. that he ANSWERED BY from It has been

them against the day of vengeance my impression that vicarious workand burning, should have their JOSEPH for the dead, such as baptism, ennames enrolled with the people dowment, etc., was for people whoof God. FIELDING had no opportunity to partake of

"'Neither is their genealogy to the blessings of the gospel and who he kept, or to be had where it may SMITH had passed on to the other side."PRESIDENT OF

answer: When the Lord reTHE COUNCIL have been commissioned to preach

vealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith OF THE TWELVE to them while in prison.

the glorious provision which had "Without enlarging on the subbeen prepared for the dead, the ject, you will undoubtedly see its

Prophet wrote to his brethren who had gone to Engconsistency and reasonableness; and it presents the

land to open the mission in that land the following Gospel of Christ in probably a more enlarged scale words than some have imagined it. But as the performance

"I first mentioned this doctrine in public when of the rite is more particularly confined to this place, preaching the funeral sermon of Brother Seymour it will not be necessary to enter into particulars; at

Brunson; and have since then given general instructhe same time I always feel glad to give all the infortions to the Church on the subject. The Saints have mation in my power, but my space will not allow me

the privilege of being baptized for those of their to do it."(DHC 4, 231.)

relatives who are dead, who they believe would have Again in a discourse delivered Sunday, May 12, embraced the Gospel, if they had been privileged 1844, the Prophet Joseph Smith said:

with hearing it, and who have received the Gospel Every man that has been baptized and belongs to in the spirit, through the instrumentality of those who the kingdom has a right to be baptized for those who

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of before; as the Gospel the law soon as gonehave and

Copyright, by Corporation the Church of the President 1961 of of

Jesus Christ Saints, Salt Lake City, Utah of Latterday for their as friends act proxy hereis obeyed by who them, the Lord has administrators there to set them free. A man may act as proxy for his own relatives;

the ordinances of the Gospel which were laid out before the foundations of the world have thus been fulfilled by them, and we may be baptized for those whom we have much friendship for.... 'As in Adam

all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive;'

all shall be raised from the dead. The Lamb of God

hath brought to pass the resurrection, so that all shall rise from the dead."( Ibid., 6, 365366.

Since the Savior was positive in his teachings that baptism is essential for salvation, every adult person—

that is over eight years of age—must be baptized by

divine authority if he has understanding. Baptism

would not apply to the incompetent who are not capable of understanding. All little children, no

matter who they are, who die before the years of accountability, are saved in the kingdom of God. In

proof of this, reference is given to the Doctrine and

Covenants section 29, verses 4650, and Moroni 8:1922. Therefore provision has been made from the

beginning for the ordinances to be applied vicariously where they cannot be given in mortal life. The gospel

teaches a vicarious salvation. No soul could be saved

from death had not Jesus our Lord paid the sacrifice by the shedding of his blood and by this means opening every grave, not for mankind alone, but for every other living creature that partook of death through the fall.

The counsel that was given to the Zoramites by

Amulek (Alma 32:3234) has no reference whatever

to the dead who died without a knowledge of the gospel. These Zoramites had apostatized from the

Church and were in absolute spiritual darkness.

Therefore they were without excuse in their transgressions.

JULY 1964 567

"Myself, when young, did oft frequent doctor and saint and heard great argument about it and about;

but ever came I out the same door wherein I went."The bulk of the kernel (endoThe outer coating (or bran) sperm) is low in mineral and

( Omar Khayyam translated by Fitzgerald. is rich in vitamins of the vitamin elements, but conToday there is much argument between "doctor and

B group and also provides tains most of the carbosaint"concerning the relative merits of the genuine whole wheat flour as opposed to the white flour phosphorus, calcium, and iron. hydrates and some protein.

products, as well as the "great argument"between socalled natural foods and processed or refined or milled or canned or otherwise changed foods from their natural state.

I speak, not as a researcher in the biochemical laboratory, but as one who has spent his time like the Parish Priest of Atherly, "down among the people."I have not glibly accepted everything that has

appeared in print (nor rejected it) because it was set to type, realizing that often there is much printed that is not true or not altogether true; and also that The germ (or embryo) contains most of the

much truth can be found printed! But I have tried fat plus rich amounts of the B vitamins,

to analyze, weigh, perceive, and discern. proteins, and minerals.

I have found the following in some medical publications: "Both whole wheat and white flour are good

foods for man."Now this appears to be a fair statement, and if one were to read without analyzing, one

would naturally arrive at the subtle inference that both are equally good foods for man. The statements

that follow tend to substantiate this inference, referring the reader to charts on certain pages of the publication. These charts are graphic comparisons

of the whole wheat and white flours (both plain and

BY P. K. EDMUNDS, M. D.

"enriched") as regards to calories, protein, fat, carbo- "essential"does not mean that the others are nonhydrate, calcium, phosphorus, iron, and vitamins Bl, essential in human nutrition, but rather that the ones

B2, and niacin, also known as B3. These charts indicalled "essential"amino acids are thought to be not

cate that the total calories in the two types of flour, synthesized in the human body while the others probthat is, whole wheat and white flour, are equal; which ably can be and are.) Here then are the figures,

is approximately true. They also indicate an equal approximate no doubt, but nonetheless revealing:

amount of carbohydrate for the two, yet the values Threonine 1681080; Valine 1681200; Leucine 650for fat and for protein are obviously greater in the 1700; Iseoleucine 168850; Lysine 1681570; Methiowhole wheat flour (approximately 16.0 with respect nine 150570; Phenylalinine 3061200; Tryptophane 78

to whole wheat as compared with 11.6 for white—285 (the first figure in each case is the value for

flour; and 2.4 for whole wheat with respect to fat white flour, the second figure the value for the same

content as compared with 1.25 for white flour). amount of wheat germ). These figures are from two

The important consideration is that whole wheat sources, "The Amino Acid Composition of Protein and does contain more protein than does white flour; and Foods"by R. J. Block, et al.; and from the "Texas

what is still more important, the proteins in whole Agricultural Station Bulletin #708"K (1949), as rewheat flour ( and particularly in the part that is milled ported by Harold Wooster, Jr., and Fred p. Blanck

out of the wheat berry ) are known to be of a superior of the Mellon Institute, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

type of protein and are referred to as such by recogYou might ask, "Why compare white flour with nized nutritionists. The following is from the nutriwheat germ?"

tionists, Drs. McCollum and Simonds: "Proteins of I have but compared that which was "taken"with

the grain are a little more efficient for the promotion that which is left and I have not included all that of growth than the same amounts of protein from which is removed by the milling process of the wheat milk and eggs. No cereal grain has yet been studied berry—the hull and the embryo. That which is left,

which contains proteins superior to those of wheat."is the endosperm or starchy part of the wheat berry.

And, lest it be thought that "wheat"as used in the Important components of the wheat berry (if we paragraph above pertains alike to the white flour as but knew all the facts concerning their importance well as to the whole wheat flour, let us continue on: in nutrition) might well be more important than the

"In sharp contrast is the fact that proteins left after protein, fat, and carbohydrate. I refer now to the

refining wheat are markedly inferior for growth minerals such as calcium, phosphorus, iron, etc., and

and maintenance."more particularly to the socalled "trace elements,"

By way of concrete comparison of the white flour those found in minute amounts.'There is yet much

left after the milling process is completed with the to be learned about these in human nutrition.

wheat germ which is milled out, J present the followConsider iodine. The body requires a very small

ing additional facts about foods and nutrition: The

first figure will represent the milligrams of the essential amino acids provided by 100 grams of white flour, the second figure will represent the same values for the wheat germ. (Amino acids are the endproduct

of digestion of proteins, and those referred to as

mM amount of this each day, about 10 to 15 milligrams, yet, if it is not present, goiter develops; copper in the

body teams with iron to help build up and maintain the hemoglobin in the red blood cells. Zinc is considered important in connection with a substance

known as insulin, secreted internally by certain specific cells in the pancreas gland which lies behind the stomach. It also is thought to aid enzyme action in

the stomach, etc. Perhaps more of these trace elements might function in more than one of these

enzymesystems, and there are literally hundreds of the latter in the body; each with a more or less

specific "assignment"which it alone may carry out satisfactorily. Another trace element is cobalt. This

likely teams with vitamin B12 (most enzymesystems are combinations of minerals and vitamins, or proteins) to help with the maturation of the red blood cells in the body. There are others such as magnesium,

manganese, sulphur, nickel, etc. An excerpt from a

book by Dr. D. T. Quigley, MD, FACS, says, "In

connection with vitamin and mineral deficiency where such a deficiency has existed over a long period of time, the dose that is given to correct the trouble must be several times larger than the maintenance dose."

There is still another important loss in the milling process—vitamin B-complex and vitamin E. Perhaps

no one vitamin is more important than another in our foods, exbept in the instance where a certain vitamin apparently cannot be synthesized within the body.

Such a vitamin is vitamin C, for example. By the

same token, no single vitamin or vitamin complex is unimportant or unnecessary. In the assimilatiori df

food ahd component parts of food, it is not infrequent to discover that what we thought was a single vitamin turns out to be a vitamincomplex of several, arid in many cases, maliy component parts. Such is the

vitamin B-complex.

"In the milling process of processes minerals, vitamins, and other parts of the natural wheat berry are removed and lost; the part which is left, namely the The Herbal or General Historie of Plantes, by John Gerard, pubwhite flour or endosperm as noted above, has been lished in 1636, contained hundreds of detailed woodcuts of all

reconstituted and 'enriched'to make up for what is the plant life of England. For the most part the flowers and shrubs

are the favourites of Gerard's day, and of ours, too, in spite of the botanical discoveries of three hundred years. This priceless volume is narrated in delightful Elizabethan prose..."Wheat

is very much used of men, and with greatest profit. Those wheats

do noUrish most that be hard, and have their whole substance so closely compact as they can scarcely be bit asunder; for such do

nourish very much: and the contrary but little."

This rare edition may be found in the University of Utah Library.

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lost in the milling process. Does not this make it quite I have already raised the question as to the efficacy

as good as the whole wheat flour?"you might ask. of the unnatural additions to the white flour that has

That certainly deserves consideration. It is noted been "enriched."In connection with this, I recall a

under the caption ingredients on the wrapper of a medical meeting in which the speaker was treating representative loaf of white bread as purchased over the subject of the assimilation and use of inorganic the counter in the market that additions of vitamins iron by the body. In the research work which he

Bl and B2, and niacin have been added to the white referred to, the inorganic iron was "tagged"with a flour, as well as iron and one or two other additions. radioactive substance so that its course through the

Where milk, or the milk solids, has been added to the stomach and intestinal tract might be traced. He

white flour in the making of bread, as in the past reported to us that to their surprise, relatively little in some instances, one would find added to the flour, of the inorganic iron was taken up by the body.

calcium, phosphorus, and the milk proteins, also. This I recall his further words to this effect: "Was our

"enrichment"or addition to, does not stop with, nor scientific research face red? Here we have been preis limited to, white flour products, but to several, inscribing for over a half century inorganic iron in tonic

deed many other food products, "for better or preparations such as the old reliable I.Q.S...."The

for worse."letter "I"in the three refers to the inorganic form of

Relative to the socalled vitamins added to the iron used in the "timetested"formula. I hasten to

white flour, I am not prepared to accept as fact the add that the "tagging"had little or nothing to do with proposition that synthetic vitamins, particularly where the uptake of iron in its inorganic form. We, today,

but two or three are sent to represent the whole famuse a "tagged"iodine by mouth to test thyroid funcily, may or can substitute for the natural product tion in the thyroid gland, in the neck. This test is

within the body. The same might be said of the considered quite reliable. Obviously, it could not be

minerals, particularly where inorganic forms are subif the "tagging"altered in any significant degree the stituted for the organic, natural forms. I note that uptake of the iodine.

vitamins Bl, B2, and niacin have been added as stated, Vitamin E, too, is milled out of the wheat berry in and on closer observation, it is noted that in the "enits entirety. I searched the bread wrapper in vain

riched"product at least one of the vitamins has been to find printed on it where any attempt has been made added in superabundance, so that it appears to be to restore vitamin E in any degree. Yet there exists

in even greater amount than is found in the whole today as a result of experiments carried out, both in the wheat flour. But, is this a good thing to do? Accordcase of animal experimentation and observation on its

ing to the charts referred to already in the fore part use in humans, serious consideration of its great imof this article, nature has placed less vitamin B2 in portance in helping to maintain good heart function, the wheat kernel than either of the other two. Peras well as reproductive function. It is thought, with

haps nature erred? It is known that when excesses good reason, that this vitamin in its natural state,

of certain single vitamins are administered, certain may well help to avoid both "heart attacks"and misother vitamins are suppressed with the result that actual deficiencies result. Experiments have procarriages. It is also thought to be vital in the healthy

duced clearcut evidence of the adverse effects that function of spermatogenesis or normal production of may be caused by a disturbance of the balance of sperm cells.

vitamin factors in the diet, and have been shown We may be only scratching the surface as yet in that overloading with one component of a vitamindetermining all of the functions of these important complex can produce a definite deficiency of ancomponents of good natural foods. This is clearly

other component. brought out in a book (Continued on page 604)

JULY IS64 571 tends chiefly in the hope of disqualifying his older sister for first place. Instead of the naked torso of a

medicine man, she wears her brother's sandcolored polo shirt, from the front of which glares a grinning skull cut from my best bond stationery. From the

back hisses an ugly graygreen snake coiled already to sink his paper fangs into the chief, should he overstep his allotted tribal pace and come too near the head of the line. An empty grapefruit juice can,

mounted on the end of a stick, rattles importantly with a handful of kidney beans. Her brother's khaki

shorts have been camouflaged to resemble the rear end of a jaguar; and because her brother is nearly

three years younger, the resemblance is very snug. The

bright copper color of the scrawny legs and arms was achieved with a jar of coldcream and a tablespoon of cocoa, blended together with the Mixmaster. The

dance peculiar to this heap big medicine man is a creation Arthur Murray might not recognize. It may

have been influenced by something we once saw in

Philadelphia at the Mummers'Parade, and it is going

BY ORA PATE STEWART at a pretty good rate—to the accompaniment of the

We are waiting at Colorado Boulevard in Pasadena handful of beans bouncing in the can.

for the Tournament of Roses to begin. We have The rest of the parade is presided over by the

brought a stepladder, a play pen, and assorted foldchief. He is tall and sullen for his nine years, or,

ing chairs—because the parade won't come for another that is, more sullen than usual.

two hours. Sharon and Ray, who brought their little "How!"I ask, leaning from the window and raising

family to spend the holidays at grandmother's, have my arm to a high halfmast.

gone back to their station wagon for a Thermos of "Not so good,"he complains. "Janet can't make

lemonade. Robert couldn't come this year. He and up her mind whether she wants to be Mrs. Herbert

Judy are in Honolulu, awaiting their first baby. Janet Hoover or Mrs. Miles Standish."

and Edward are at home in Utah enjoying their little "Mrs. Herbert Hoover and Mrs. Miles Standish

son who arrived in November. And Allen Paul, our were generations apart,"I protest historically.

fourth born, is far away in Brazil. David, our seven- I dutifully review the remainder of the parade

teenyear-old, has brought a book on nuclear physics—before I return to the tasks I have imposed upon

because he will go to college next fall, wherever David myself for the morning. Neither the Miles Standish

goes there is a book. Wendell, our twelveyear-old, nor the Brigham Young portrayal is particularly conis doing relays, giving his nephews and niece piggy vincing—perhaps because my neighbor's sons are

back rides. Big Bob is fraternizing among the tourfarther removed from Plymouth Rock or the covered

ists. I have brought an old notebook—partly because wagon than my own children are from the Blackfoot

it has some blank pages and partly because it has and the Crow. But more likely our rag bag—that

some old notes. reservoir from which all neighborhood costumes must

Here is an entry at home dated August 1948. evolve—failed to produce convincingly in the denomiSharon was twelve, Bobby nine, Janet almost eight, nations of the Standishes and the Hoovers. More likely

Allen five, and David just three. still, one's own children are usually more convincing.

—There is a parade on the lawn below my window. My neighbor's daughter and my own fiveyear-old

It is made up of my five children and my neighbor's son have chosen to be cowboys. They have done the

three. The parade is headed by a heap big medicine best they could from their legitimate wardrobes.

man, complete with a grotesque headdress consisting On the tail end marches a little tiny Big Chief. He

of a large paper bag, hereabouts called a "poke,"sees no incongruity in so big a little chief bringing decorated with the crayoned face of a ferocious lion. up the rear. But incongruity is not for threeyear-olds;

That the lion is more African than American is the it and the discontents it brings will come soon enough.

contention of the chief, who—second in line—conHe has always marched last, and he has always

S72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA marched as proudly as the rest. Perhaps if he never

hears the cry, "Me first!"he may be content for some

time yet. I wish I could march with as much enthusiasm and dignity and contentment at the end of

my line.

I love a parade. But it doesn't take elaborateness

to satisfy me. These little neighborhood parades do

quite as much for my heartstrings—and quite a bit

less for those of my purse—as many a more elaborate

one does. My chief reaction to the Mummers'Parade

was: interesting, but how grotesque. There was,

besides grotesqueness, a great deal of beauty in the

Mardi Gras; but, I asked myself, is it worth all the

cost? Do we have the right to pay so much for grotesqueness, or even beauty? I couldn't get into the

real spirit of the fiesta because the papers reported that the queen's dress and many of the dresses of her attendants had cost over $5,000 apiece; and that

a similar figure had been extracted for "entrance fee"from each of the monarchial entrants. I haven't much

of an instinct for grotesqueness; and my instinct for

beauty can be satisfied for a little less. I can always

fall back on a sunset.

Perhaps it is that I haven't come to maturity, as parades go. It doesn't take much to satisfy a child.

An old lace curtain will clothe a beautiful bride at six At twelve the curtain must be new, and at sixteen it must be imported. After that a curtain

won't do.

A few years ago when Sharon—she of the medicine

man under the window sill—was six instead of twelve,

she paraded before a group of my friends in our living room. She was the curtain bride. When I

said that there was enough child in me to enjoy such an occasion, Sharon was quick to put me right with her audience: "Sne means there are enough children!"

she emphasized, with all the first grade grammar she knew.

Well, perhaps that's it. Maybe we don't have

endiigh children in us to keep things simple. Perhaps

that is why our parades have become so grotesque and so elaborate. Our eyes have become astigmatic

with age, Instead of our trying to see the parade through the honest imagination of a child, we have magnified the parade itself to bring it into our astigmatic focus.

What shall we do when we weary of parades as they are? Must we ask the Mummers to become more

grotesque or to become more beautiful, or the fiesta dresses to become more costly? Or will we tend toward simpler parades, where pilgrims and pioneers

mix freely and a little Big Chief may march at the tail end?

JULY 1964 BY EDWARD L. HART department of English, brigham young universityTMWi/

/. Arrival Point where Brigham Young's cane

Marks the site for the temple mason.

Nobody wanted this place:

Spaniards saw it and turned back; Rays of base lines running through

Trappers endured the taste South Temple and Main embrace

Of salt in the wind for the fur pack The cosmos in a grid beginning at a new

Or love of space. Meridian of time and space.

When settlers planned ///. The Gathering

Westward treks it was California

They chose and cursed this land They came by thousands at a slow clip,

For standing in the way with its thorns and All but those buried at Haun's Mill

Hot sand. Or Florence or some place that the lip

Of man had no name for yet to trip

The sun of a late July The tongue of the young, who wanted still

Burns varnish onto summit rock. To find home over the next hill

Wagons and teams go by. Or lush pastures past each desert strip.

Escarpments for a moment block They came over the mountains and around

The scalding sky. The Horn in ships and wagons, or dragged

Handcarts over stony and frozen ground,

Teams trail in a line now, Often opened and shoveled in a mound

Over the downward roll of the hill, Upon women and children or the man who lagged

Brushed by cedar bough; In his shafts only on the day he sagged

Then ages of Indian stone worlds spill In death on the crosspiece: Zion bound.

From an iron plow.

IV. Preparing for Fire

II. Laying out the City

Leaving the City A sextant captures a light train

Bounced from the moon to a Great Basin You build a city and leave it, maybe

To burn. All morning wagons piled Wagons and caissons still rumbling

Full have gone by to the south, At dusk through deserted streets send

And now we leave our house with straw Echoes rattling from locked and hollow

Stacked in the doorway, ready for fire. Houses to the valley walls while

Where we go next, who knows? Crickets shrill in cadence from the hills.

Sonora, maybe: It's a long way.

V. Expansion

Instructing the Torchbearers Any of a hundred places: name it

Then it's settled; you know the signal. And go there and try to claim it

The city burns if only one soldier From Indians and insects, rodents and drouth.

Steps out of line or raises his hand Try, for instance, going south

As a vandal or takes for his own use To Pipe Spring, in the northern strip

One spoon or disturbs a stick of kindling. Of Arizona above the ripped

Soldiers will not tie our hands Rock at Grand Canyon and stay

Here and hold us tamely for mobs For years, two hundred miles away

To rub in the dust again: never! From a boy who'd ask your boy to play.

Joseph's body was propped by a pump

As a target for soldiers sent to protect him VI. Temple

From themselves. Before that happens

Here we'll level the city with fire Cradled in worldweighted darkness

And leave them the ashes of our past. The core cooled slowly, and granite grew

Into flecks of mica and pods of quartz

General Albert Sidney Johnston Marches through Around flowering feldspar and hornblende.

Salt Lake City Weathering winds and rains cut off

Soft cover, and light glinted The naked bayonets of the Fifth From orthoclastic patterns as quarrying

Infantry flash in the van of the Union Frost pried free a block at last

Army in morning sunshine. Baggage To stand capstone at the temple crest.

..:-.*>, <**"''''V"

**&*&mm**'- *

..*W*l-teSV -..:

J I 575

CONDUCTEDteachingBY THE CHURCH '*'

UNIFIED SCHOOL SYSTEM

jdU What are teachers of the Church telling their there a correlation between church attendance and *I* students about marriage and divorce? Is divorce? Perhaps the answer to some of these quesmisleading information being conveyed? If so, what tions would help Janice and other young people to

effect is this having on our youth? These are quesenter marriage with a little better concept of

tions that every Latterday Saint teacher would do the relationship.

well to ponder. Because of the motivation of some of jite above

Recently a young lady, whom I will call Janice, questions and because of the absence of information came into my office after class to talk with me. She comparing the divorce rate in the Church with that

was to be married soon but indicated trjat she was outside of the Church, the following study was connot entirely happy about the forthcoming event. After ducted during 1962. l Four hundred fiftyone students

some discussion Janice revealed that she did not think enrolled in introductory sociqlogy classes at Brigham she was in love with her fiance, but was willing to Young University and Washington State University give marriage a try. "If things don't work out for us,"were asked to complete anonymous questionnaires

she said, "I can always gej: a divorce."At the sugconcerning the marital status of their parents. (One

gestion of the seriousness of such a prospect Janice shoujd be careful not to qvergeneralize the results of replied, "Well, almost everyone is getting divorced the study, but something of the present picture may be presented. anyway these days."Her belief that divorce is genOf the 451 couples represented in the study, it was

erally practised and accepted, even within the Church, found that in 270 of them, both parties were Lattertended to reduce the personal consequence of diday Saints, twentynine were mixed marriages (that vorce for her. is, only one of the couple was a member of the

How are we doing with divorce in the Church? Church), and in 152 cases both parties were nonDoes being a member of the Church reduce the risk mernbers. The number of divorces or separations

of divorce? Does a temple marriage offer better werp computed for each of the three groups. This

incentive to stay married? How do temple marriages

compare with civil marriages relative to divorce? Is Fellowship.lTl\\ research was sponsored by a National Science Foundation

BY PHILLIP R. KUNZ

*!%, (FORMER SEMINARY TEACHER

NOW WORKING ON DOCTORATE V- AT UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN)

\ I

i

w revealed that the parents in 5.2% of the first group For instance, only 1,9% of the fathers who always at-

(both LDS), 13.8% of the second group (mixed), and tend were divorced, whereas 18.2% of those who never

20.4% of the third group (nonLDS) had ended their attend church were divorced. Only 2.3% of the mothers

marriage relationships by divorce or separation. Due who always attend were divorced or separated; while

to the teachings of the Church regarding the im25.0% of those who never attend were divorced or

portance and sacredness of marriage and with church separated.

emphasis on temple marriage, one would expect the From this study it is observed that the type of mardata to reveal such a ratio. To be sure, marriage to riage entered into does seem to make a difference.

one within the faith seems to strengthen the durability Although the results are not conclusive, one can of the union. readily see that the two factors reported here, temple

When the Latterday Saint marriages were broken marriage and church attendance, are important. They

down as to type, it was found that the greatest number are so important that our church authorities frequently of divorces and separations occurred among those advise us on them.

couples married by civil authority. Fewer occurred As members of the Church, we should be aware

in the marriages performed by bishops and stake that divorce is a very unfortunate event, one to be presidents, while the fewest number of divorces reavoided. But we should also be aware of the fact

that not "everyone"is getting divorced these days.sulted among those whose marriages were solemnized

We should be aware of the fact that it does make ain the temples. The percentage for each group is given

difference in the success of one's marriage to be an in the following table: active Latterday Saint. We should be aware that the

The students were also asked to indicate the influence of living the gospel decreases the divorce church attendance of their parents, noting whether rates of the total society. If we replace the pictures

their mother and father attended always, often, someof gloom and uncertainty and teach a positive aptimes, seldom, or never. As the following compilation proach to marriage, perhaps the divorce rate will drop

indicates, divorce and separation seem to correlate even lower among those comprising this generation proportionately with the degree of church activity. of Latterday Saints.

BOTH LDS ONE LDS NEITHER LDS

5.2 DIVORCES 13.8* DIVORCES 20.4 DIVORCES

v

PEDIGREE

REFERRAL SERVICED II. EXAMPLES AND APPLICATION Step 1: As far as available information permits, outline the facts (events, dates, localities)

A. In certain instances, some quesfor each family.

tions may exist regarding the method No. 2

of properly determining for registration George David Williams the surnames, localities, and periods Born 6 Nov 1837Augusta, Kenbec, Me.

of time. Md. 10 Aug 1861Pike Co., 111.

1. It is important to remember that Died (ae 67) 1904St. George, Wash.,

only surnames are to be recorded on Utah the registration form and that these Wife

GENEALOGY surnames should be spelled as they Martha Rawlins appear on the pedigree chart(s). Born 12 Oct 1839Norfolk, Norflk., Va.

Where patronymics are used, the Died 5 Jun 1925St. George, Wash., Utah

patronymic for each generation is to be considered for its respective time Children born:

Mary-5 Oct 1863Pike Co., 111. period exactly as any other surname.

111. When an individual has been known Jane-1 Aug 1865Pittsfield, Pike,

by more than one surname (e.g. alias, David20 May 1868Provo, Utah, Utah

compound surnames, farm names, etc. ) Martha29 Nov 1870Payson, Utah, Utah

each surname with its respective localRichard-16 Jan 1872Payson, Utah, Utah ity and time period should be listed Anne25 Jun 1875St. George, Wash.,

Utah as a separate entry on the registration form. etc. 2. Localities are to be recorded in

Step 2: Consolidate the facts from Step 1 by

three stages: town, county (or its

surname, locality, and period of time.

equivalent), and state (or country).

These stages should be as complete SURNAME as available information permits. It is DATE LOCALITY

necessary that at least the county (or WILLIAMS its equivalent) and state (or country) abt. 1775 of Augusta, Kenbec, Me.

be recorded for each entry in registra1801 Augusta, Kenbec, Me.

tion. Subdivisions of the town should 1804 Augusta, Kenbec, Me.

not be listed. 17 Jun 1828 Augusta, Kenbec, Me.

3. To analyze periods of time, keep 2 Dec 1832 Augusta, Kenbec, Me.

in mind that the knowledge you possess 6 Nov 1837 Augusta, Kenbec, Me.

was produced by searches whether 17 Apr 1839 Augusta, Kenbec, Me.

made during the preliminary survey or 10 Aug 1861 Pike Co, 111.

in actual research. All searches are 5 Oct 1863 Pike Co, 111.

based on time factors, therefore periods 1 Aug 1865 Pittsfield, Pike, 111.

of time should reflect these factors. 10 May 1868 Provo, Utah, Utah

4. In registering information such as 29 Nov 1870 Payson, Utah, Utah

that from the preceding pedigree chart, 16 Jan 1872 Payson, Utah, Utah five steps should be followed: 25 Jun 1875 St. George, Wash, Utah

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Maaon) (allsj William John.jiuiThon*'u* muRichardi-i...i...VilLUM-,i4.*i Pedigree Chart prepared for

Auguata,1775 *""""""He. Kenbec, Boabt.Hi.ior Willian. David—"*""""—**.

Williams Richard George family Auguita,lflOlJunKenbec,1626 Ha. K>H.Hiii.. H.M1T LaTBjyg&

Hov. using method outlined below. 1837

***""*"* ""——. Kenbec.Aug. i&6lHe, i>:c>r 19CM

67}George, Hub., mmWNVwAuguatB,'"DW>St.6

- HicbrdOHMM HuntarWilion Utah Margaret HunterWilson 11—""—————

*"",l '. "JJ"—-——

*a, wmnltent.BmamITAuguittt,Apr.Co,,Ji}39ttonbec.Eog. Me.,, awMM

Thonai Hoblot whmwwRichard16 Payion,Jan.'Jl lllncs1&72Utah, Uuh

r--.w "*"Henry Robins

aft WfU* h!:. 19 Va. 1799Henrco, mnaichiHOd,,.. -"—. """"Rebecca——-—

"—-. RavllnaOct.

1839Jtorfoik, Va. """"* "**—Mam itarfolk,JunSt, George,1925 Utah., Utah MarthaOM.mmbm>i5 12 ", Jenaeilsbt. 1769(ItorRaard) ft—T- '—-

Hanieii 1 tO Den. Christinakm,.,., Vive,Aug. A4db.,1601 *"""*"* Dim<

*W tl iyu4 M. Ueorge, Wasft, Utan Step 3: Record, in duplicate, the summaries

5 Jun 1925 St. George, Wash, Utah prepared in Step 2 on the "Request for RegistraMASON tion"form.

abt. of Augusta, 1775 Kenbec, Me. INSTIU'CTIOXS:

detailed instructions. 1. for studied should Referral Service Pedigree pamphlet The be

'2. or type Augusta, 1801 Kenbec, Me.

IS. separate one surname, for to be registered a are or two moreprint.

in detailed Sec. arc as countries to abbreviated 4 states PleaseWhenAll counties, be localitiesand H of entrythe Gencalojric.lis to be madeInstructionfor eachManual.locality. Augusta, Kenbec, 1804 Me.

sjreeified. is;i. in order listed this be the to on form All information requested

SURNAME ON PEDIGREE TOWN COUNTY STATE FROM - TO HUNTERWILSON LOCALITY PERIOD Of7 TIME 1 Williams Augusta Kenbec He. 17751839

1803 Kent Co, Eng. 2 Williams Pike 111. 18611863

17 Jun 1828 Augusta, Kenbec, Me. 3 Williams Pittsfield Pike 111. IB65

2 Dec 1832 Augusta, Kenbec, Me. 4 Williams Provo Utah Utah 1668

6 Nov 1837 Augusta, Kenbec, Me. 56 WilliamsWilliams PaysonSt. George UtahWash. UtahUtah 187018721875-1925

17 Apr 1839 Augusta, Kenbec, Me. 7 Mason Augusta Kenbec Me. 17751801*

RAWLINS 98 HunterWilsonHunter-Wilson AuguBta KentKenbec He.Eng. 182818391&03

19 Nov 1799 Richmond Henrco, Va. 1011 RawlinsRawlins RichmondNorfolk HenrcoNorflk Va.Va. 17991839

12 Oct 1839 Norfolk, Norflk, Va. 12 Rawlins Pike 111. I86II863

10 Aug 1861 Pike Co, HI. 13 Ravlins Pittsfield Pike 111. I865

5 Oct 1863 Pike Co. III. 14 Rawlins Provo Utah Utah 1868

1 Aug 1865 Pittsfield, Pike, 111. 15 Rawlins Payson Utah Utah lotO1872

Utah 187519S5 St. George Wash. Rawlins10 May 1868 Provo, Utah, Utah 16

Va. Henrco Robins Richmond 17

29 Nov 1870 Payson, Utah, Utah 18 Robins Horfolk Horflk. Va. 1?991839

16 Jan 1872 Payson, Utah, Utah 19 Hansen Vive Aalb. Den. 1801

25 Jun 1875 St. George, Wash, Utah 20 Hansen Morfolk Horflk. Va. 1839

5 Jun 1925 St. George, Wash, Utah 21 Jensen Vive Aalb Den. I769I8OI

22 Norgaard Vive Aalb Den. 17691801

ROBINS 23

19 Nov 1799 Richmond, Henrco, Va. 25

12 Oct 1839 Norfolk, Norflk, Va.

HANSEN Step 4: Sign and submit one copy of the in-

1 Aug 1801 Vive, Aalb, Den. formation to the Pedigree Referral Service of

12 Oct 1839 Norfolk, Norflk, Va. the Genealogical Society. Remember to put

your name and address in the specified space on

JENSEN the form. The duplicate copy should be kept

for reference.

abt. 1769 Norgaard, Vive, Aalb, Den.

1 Aug 1801 Vive, Aalb, Den. Step 5: As new research or source material

NORGAARD isform,available,and sendextenda copyyourofoutlines,the revisionsupdatetoyourthe abt. 1769 Norgaard, Vive, Aalb, Den. Pedigree Referral Service.

1 Aug 1801 Vive, Aalb, Den. (Continued on page 606)

JULY 1964 S79 Our contemporary society is most definitely a "childoriented"society. At no time in our history has so

much emphasis been placed upon child rearing, child welfare, child development, and child adjustment. The

magazine racks and newspapers are full of "how to do it"literature: "How to Improve Your Child's IQ,"

"How to Keep Your Child from Becoming a Delinquent,""How to Provide for Your Child's Education,"and so on.

The infant arrives in this world with a rich biological heritage. However, such statements as, "We knew he

would be a success, after all he came from good stock"or, "With his family background it's not surprising he turned criminal"are common among people who attempt to account for behavior on the basis of heredity.

The personalities of individuals are little, if at all, dependent upon heredity. One's morals, values, character, and ability to separate right from wrong are a

product of our cultural and spiritual rather than our biological heritage, and they must, therefore, be learned.

The importance of adequate learning experiences in the development of behavior can scarcely be overemphasized. Every clinician has heard many times

the anguished plaint of the parents of problem children: "We gave him a good home, he had everything

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be wanted, but he turned out this way. What did the family income. An increase in the amount of

we do wrong?"leisure time for the working man has provided him

The parents of today's children are themselves with an opportunity for a much more varied recreachildren of the great depression of the 1930's. Many tional program. Thus, many mothers are working,

of them remember their childhood as a period of and many fathers are "moonlighting"in order to pay deprivation, of economic stringency, and, for some, for beach cottages, mountain cabins, boats, trailers, periods of actual want. Understandably they do not and swimming pools, much of which they justify as

want their own children to feel the same feelings of "a good thing for the kids."The fact remains that

frustration, anxiety, and need which they themselves many children are left very much to themselves felt. The net result is an attempt to provide their without supervision and with only a fleeting impreschildren with the things the parents wanted but could sion that their parents even exist. One such case was

not obtain—spending money, clothes, automobiles, etc. a fifteenyear-old high school boy who saw his mother

But any secondary school principal will tell you only at dinner and his father only on weekends. Both

today that student ownership of automobiles is negaparents were extremely shocked when informed by tively correlated with scholarship; as the percentage juvenile authorities that their son had been picked

of students who own cars increases, the academic up by thejpolice for siphoning gas out of cars in a performance decreases. The mother of a teenage son, shopping center parking lot. Neither parent was

who owned an automobile which was the pride of his aware that their son was having difficulty in school, existence, was notified of her son's poor scholastic nor did they know who his friends were, where he performance, and it was suggested to the mother that went, or what he did after school. Their only defense:

she make continued operation and ownership of the "We did the best we could."They were shocked when

automobile contingent upon satisfactory school grades. he was arrested, and they would have been even

Her reply was both expected and typical: "I tried that, more shocked to learn, as his school counselor did,

but his car is so important to him, and he was so that he hated them, and anyone in authority, and felt unhappy."Here was a son who received everything himself to be a worthless, unloved, social outcast

he wanted and gave nothing in return. whom nobody cared about.

Parental indulgence of this sort produces an indiAdmittedly the cases mentioned represent abnorvidual who is bored, blase, and lacking in initiative malities in parental attitude and childrearing proor ability to expend a persistent effort. For him life cesses. Most parents are neither indulgent nor

is temporarily easy, uncomplicated, (you can always rejecting and neglectful. The conflict between genget out of difficult}'by being appropriately contrite erations has gone on throughout recorded history, and

and remorseful) and, what is most unfortunate of all, much of this conflict could be eliminated if only the life is unchallenging, older and the younger of contemporary generations

A good deal of literature on child rearing is contracould understand the desires, goals, and social dictory. Parents are admonished on one hand not processes of each other.

to "frustrate"their child on the grounds that this is A primary goal of parents is to socialize their chillikely to impair his psychological growth or warp his dren, whereas a goal of the child is to resist becoming "psyche,"and on the other hand are warned that socialized. Put in less general terms, the child atfailure to exert stern control over what he does, where tempts to gratify his impulses and desires immediately

he. goes, and whom he chooses for friends, is likelv and directly, while society—in the person of his parto give him a shove toward delinquency. It is easy ents—attempts to teach him there is a right time and

to see how many parents, perplexed by contradictory a right place for the gratification of his desires. He

information, would react with indulgence of their needs to be taught that indeed some of these desires children, a desire to keep them gratified and "happy,"should not be gratified at all.

and hoping against hope that some miracle will bring Every parent who attempts to make a socially detheir children to adulthood as welladjusted, capable, sirable human being out of his child employs a theory and responsible citizens. of how children function and particularly how

The constant spiral of inflation has forced many they learn.

mothers into the labor market in order to augment The parent who (Continued on page 590)

JULY 1964 581 I might even do that,"answered Mary Jane.J The pioneer woman, in popular conception, had long "What's curly hair got to do with it? All the girls

and luxuriant hair—her crowning glory. Research

put their hair up on rags. You're not the only one indicates that there was both long and short hair in

the feminine pioneer community. Susa Young Gates, with straight hair."

daughter of Brigham Young and a valued historian, "I just can't make up my mind, Louisa."

writing of the property at the southwest corner of "You'd better hurry. You're not getting any younger.

State Street and South Temple, Salt Lake City, said A boy won't give you a second glance if you go did "Ladies shop John Squires: of of the barber not around looking like a freak. I hope I have a beau

the broad, disdain to enter door and green, wooden have their hair shampooed or cut in the fashion that before I'm sixteen."

once obtained of shorthaired curls for all but mature "Well, you have two years co work at it,"answered pioneer women."(The Improvement Era 20:1101; Mary Jane, rubbing her head vigorously with the

towel rough and quickly wiping the tears, hoping October 1917.) r noticed. hadn't Louisa

"Louisa, come and rinse my hair, will you please?""Mary Jane,"called Mother from the cabin doorcalled Mary Jane, as she lathered the homemade soap way, "the irons are hot, and if we expect to look

into her thick brown hair. Louisa drew the dipper out presentable when President "Young comes tomorrow

of the great iron kettle hanging over the flaming logs, you'd better get at these clothes."

put her finger in it to test the temperature, and As they entered the cabin, Mother tenderly touched poured it over Mary Jane's sudsy head. Mary Jane's head, "You have such beautiful hair,

"Why in the world don't you cut off this mop?"she daughter.": Mary Jane said nothing because tears

asked. "Do you like being different from all the other were too close to the surface. She placed the padded

girls in town?"plank across'two 'chairs'and proceeded to do the

"If I were pretty and had curly hair like yours, huge ironing thmt,,w"as her special responsibility as

i the pro BY VERDA P. BOLLSCHWEILER

<!*!3L,.!?*2Vr! v

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

,l/f *'? the oldest of a family of nine. Her thoughts were them all. Mary Jane even forgot she was different,

in a turmoil. "I hate being different. I'm always forgot the other girls with their stiff curly hair and

tonguetied around the boys. If I were pretty like her own hated braids.

Louisa, it wouldn't matter. Why don't I cut my hair All too soon the meeting was concluded, and the

as the other girls have done? After all, Mother is the congregation moved forward to shake President

only one who thinks it is pretty."Young's hand. As Mary Jane put out her hand timidly

The Sabbath dawned bright and beautiful. Father and told him her name, the great man smiled at her.

hitched the horses to the wagon and helped Mother "What beautiful hair you have, Mary Jane. Why is it,

and baby Jamie upon the wagon seat. The eight other though, that you haven't cut it as the other girls

Woodard children climbed into the back. They were have done?"

scrubbed and shining in their worn, patched clothes Mary Jane blushed in confusion. "My mother

and had an unmistakable aura of strong soap doesn't want me to,"she replied.

about them. And then, with all the congregation looking on,

Mary Jane's heart was pounding so violently she President Young placed his hands upon her head and could hardly breathe. To think that today she would said, "Mary Jane, because you love your mother and

see Brigham Young, President Young, who was the honor her, neither you nor your posterity shall ever prophet of God. want for bread."

The family filed into the little log church and occuWhen they emerged from the little chapel into the pied the whole second row. There on the stand, lookbright sunlight, Father put his arms around Mary

ing every inch a prophet, sat Brigham Young. After Jane's trembling shoulders, "My daughter, you may

the opening exercises: and the Sacrament, President never leave silver or gold to your children, but you

Young rose to speak. The congregation sat as if under will leave them something much more precious—the

a spell; the power angfr majesty of his words thrilled sacred promise of a prophet of God."

mm&mmmm*mm The Lure of Antelope Island BY BARBARA JACOBS

As I stood on the shores of the Great Salt Lake ten he and Kit Carson rode out on horseback to the island years ago and cast unknowing eyes at the rise of the and spent two days exploring it. They found an

Oquirrh Mountains known as Antelope Island, I had abundance of grass, water, and antelope, and after no idea of the fascinating history which is its heritage. enjoying several succulent antelope suppers, Fremont

My credulity would have been challenged, looking at gave the name to the island in appreciation. The isthis bleak and forbidding island, to hear that it had land Indian, who can only be identified as the son

been host to a hermit, Indians, explorers, valuable of Wanship, was exceedingly angry at this intrusion stallions, a criminal, honeymooners, a shipwrecked on his rights, for he believed that the island and sailor, and the motionpicture camera. Yet all these everything on it belonged to him. Fremont pacified

invasions the island has endured in its brief rehim with a knife, some red cloth, and a supply corded history. of tobacco. This actually might have been considered

My interest in Antelope Island was born six years sufficient payment for rights to the island since thet ago, following an inadvertent discovery that my husIndian soon afterwards relinquished his claim to it.

band's grandmother spent her childhood years there. In 1848, three years after Fremont had explored

She was the first child of the first wife of Briant the island, Mormon explorers spent a night there,

Stringham, who for sixteen yearswas in charge of all exploring it the next day. One of them thought he

church livestock placed on the island. I began browssaw a porpoise in the lake, so the island was now

ing through history books, searching for the scanty called "Porpoise Island."Since this 15V2 mile long

facts which could help me to piece together a mental by 5V2 mile wide island boasted several varieties of picture of this littleknown island and its varigrass, sixtynine fresh water springs, and many natural ous inhabitants. shelters in canyons and glens, and since there were

I found that it is not known when Daddy Stump, no poisonous snakes or marauding animals on the the island hermit and first acknowledged white inisland, and it was basically inaccessible to Indian habitant, built his house and sheds high on a steep raiders, the explorers were convinced that it would mountainside and lived alone on the island. It is make an ideal unfenced range for livestock. After

recorded that in 1841 an Indian passed the winter studying the explorers'report, church leaders were on Antelope Island or "Pa'ribi-na,"meaning elkenthusiastic, and within a few months livestock was breeding place, as it was known to the Indians. placed on the island.

When John C. Fremont arrived in Utah in 1845, Further explorations of the island were made the

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA following year by Captain Howard Stansbury, who Fund Company and a new destiny for the island.

was sent by the United States government to make Many of the converts to the Church who were eager a trigonometrical and nautical survey of Great Salt to migrate to Utah did not have sufficient means

Lake. Captain Stansbury built a small supply depot to make the journey. Hence Brigham Young conon Antelope Island and hired Fielding Garr to take ceived the idea of a revolving fund whereby these

care of his stock there. The island has been conpeople might be assisted. One scheme devised by

tinuously inhabited since that time. the high council to get money into this fund was to

Then came the birth of the Perpetual Emigrating stipulate that all cattle left in the estray pound more

The descendants of than one month automatically became the property

Henry Chariton and Suzy of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund to be sold for its in JacobsStringham front benefit. Also, some Saints met their fund quota by Garr of the Fielding home

on Antelope Island. donating livestock from their own herds. Soon a

large range for these animals became a necessity, and the state of Deseret legislature stipulated that

President Brigham Young would be in charge of

Antelope Island, and it would be used exclusively for the benefit of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund Company. Fielding Garr was asked to remain on the

island to take charge of the church livestock as well as some personal herds of Brigham Young and Heber

C. Kimball. The island now received its fourth

name and for more than fifty years was called "Church Island."

The island is connected to the mainland by a threemile long sand bar, and although the Indians could remember buffalos walking from the island to the mainland, by 1841 the depth of the water had increased so that the Indians made rafts of bulrushes to reach the island. By the spring of 1854, the water

JULY 1964 585 of the lake was rising so persistently that there was nounced that there would be a display of horsemandanger of the island being isolated from the mainland. ship, and all of the best horsemen in the territory had

Brigham Young felt it wise to have a boat construeted come to participate. They all rode islandbred horses

to be used in ferrying the church stock back and which were fleet and surefooted.

forth so a 45foot sailboat was rushed to completion. "At ten o'clock in the morning of the roundup,

It was named the Timely Gull probably because just dust was seen toward the north end of the island. It

as it was completed, an army of grasshoppers invaded had the appearance of a whirlwind moving souththe island and consumed all of the vegetation. The ward at the rate of twentyfive miles an hour. Nothing

stock had to be taken back to Salt Lake City and the could be seen but dust, until it had reached within water was so high that had a boat not been available, two miles of the house. Everybody was on tiptoe,

the animals would have been marooned. Four years and the excitement was running high. Here they

later, the water level had receded again, and wagons came—the speediest animals on the island, all of them

could cross the sand bar to the island. As if sensing white with foam, panting like chargers. There were

that her mission had been accomplished, the Timely about seventyfive of them in all... those present

Gull broke loose from her moorings at Blackrock and from the old country who had never witnessed such piled up on the island. a scene, stood almost paralyzed with excitement."

Upon the death of Garr in 1855, Briant Stringham Even daily life was no mundane existence for was placed in charge of the island. During the sixBriant Stringham and his family. The children loved

teen years that Briant Stringham made this his home, their summers on the island, helping their mother the Church Authorities traveled often to the island for cook for the men and helping their father with the outings. With possibilities for hiking, bathing, boatstock. Brigham Young had spent much money

ing, and picnics, the island was considered a very buying stallions and brood mares which he turned desirable pleasure resort. loose on the island, and they became nearly as wild

In Solomon S. Kimball's book Thrilling Experiences, as deer. Even though there were nearly a thousand

published in 1908, appears the following description: horses on the island at this time, Briant Stringham

"The hightoned clerks... sat around these fires persisted in having every one caught and checked

broiling T-bone and tenderloin steaks, which they had once a year. Since the horses were fast and nimble,

fastened to the ends of long, sharp sticks. Then with it was no easy task to comb them out. No wonder

bread and butter in one hand and their meat in the the air vibrated with excitement for the young people.

other, with plenty of good milk on the side, they ate After daily chores were done, the youngsters roamed their supper with a relish that would have made the over the hills, swam in the lake, or rode some of the kings and noblemen of the earth look on with envy."horses. Girls were required to ride sidesaddle everyElder Kimball also describes the threeday visit of where in the territory except on this island. Here, if

Brigham Young in 1860. President Young had anthey wore large bloomers (Continued on page 602)

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I HAVE GRADUATED from the ranks of retired I found I couldn't retire. My beloved country, our

teachers into the ranks of the unretired. Technically, glorious country, and, we fervently hope and earnestly

I am a retired teacher; practically, I am not. I have pray, still the land of the free and the home of the

become that anomaly, a retired teacher who found brave, is in danger. It faces a crisis, a crisis for

he couldn't retire. which it is not ready, it seems. Perhaps I, in my

When I retired from teaching three years ago, I humble way, can help her face that crisis. I must

envisioned a life of Riley. Now I would have time not be one of those who hears but does not heed.

to go fishing almost any time I chose. I would be I must hear ( I surely do hear ), and I must take action.

able to come and go as I desired. I would be free I must gird my loins for the fight ahead. I must be

and unfettered to live a life of freedom. strong and fearless and dauntless. I must listen, yes,

It didn't work. but not to the voice of appeasement or of vacillation

To begin with, my youngest son is now on a misor of surrender. Never that, never the surrender of

sion for the Church. He is in Oregon, busier and a principle because abiding by that principle means

happier than he has ever been, and he has always hardship and sacrifice and perhaps even death.

been busy. He writes of the busy life and the su- I found I couldn't retire because my freedom in

premely happy life of bringing souls to Christ. I retirement made me careless. I found I was succan see the relatively carefree youth of yesterday cumbing to temptation, which all too often comes

emerging into the matured man of today, grown and to a man when his spiritual nature becomes blunted.

matured, gained in wisdom and insight, and now I found I was not a full patriot, as it were, I was finding fulfilment of his innermost desires. He is not a full Mormon. I had temporized. To gratify

bringing souls to Christ. personal ease and desire I had sought the easier way.

I have found that I cannot go fishing merely for And with ease had come weakening and in time fish when others, like my son, are fishermen of men. would come dissolution.

I look around me, and I find there is work to be done, I found I couldn't retire. I couldn't retire from

work to be done by a man of retirement age, ablework and struggle and sacrifice and the call of duty.

bodied and in full possession of his faculties. There I could not retire from that still, small voice that

are souls to be saved right here in Concord where finally became a clarion call in the night, urging me

I live, many souls who are crying to be saved, although to rise up and gird my loins for the fight.

many of them know it not. There are those who I found I couldn't retire. There is work to be done,

have eyes, yet they see not; there are those who have work that I can do. I may be of retirement age,

ears, yet they hear not. There are those to be taught, but I am in no sense senile. My training as a teacher

and perhaps a retired teacher can help to teach them. has fitted me to perform a work of significance in my

There are those who need teaching but are unwilling retired years—the work of serving my fellow men

to be taught, and perhaps a retired teacher can help and of serving my God at one and the same timeto bring them to a point where they will be teachable. unremittingly and forever, by george p. barber

3 (kndcJUt/*$&

Promised Land

BY RODELLO HUNTER

The Israelites trod with feet no more bloodied,

Nor were the deserts drier, nor the rivers deeper,

Nor were more blessed the bones they left behind,

Nor more furied their pursuers, nor mountains steeper

No Moses smote a rock to bring them drink,

No manna fed their children day by day,

No cliff parted as was the Red Sea cleft,

No cloud nor fiery pillar led the way,

And yet they came!

And forced the mountain water to an arid earth,

And fought a feathered menace with a loaf of bread,

And soothed their hungered bellies with a root,

And wished for the peace they buried with their dead:'

And watched their meagre seed orchard a plain

And flamed with hope and faith and martyr's grace,

And built with caring hands their domes and spires,

To mark a prophet's words, "This is the Place."

The Dome of the Utah State Capitol Bldg.

Five Outstanding Voices The Evans Quartet with the Yamaha Grand

To the famous Evans International Championship Yamaha's attention to craftsmanship, careful selecBarbershop Quartet, the choice of the group's "fifthtion of materials, and determination to build a piano voice |'a piano, is all important. that can stand up to the most demanding use, have made

It must be an instrument that can attain the perfect Yamaha the choice of artists, concert halls and univerperformance demanded by professionals. It must be sities around the world.

suitable for constant use. And it must require a miniAnd Yamaha is winning for itself a position of honor

mum of maintenance time and cost. in the Mormon community. Yamaha pianos are an

The Evans Quartet enjoys Yamaha. Turk Evans, approved purchase for Wards and Stakes of the church.

speaking for the famed quartet says, "Whether it be for A Yamaha upright or grand is an ideal choice for the barber shop quartet or for concert use, the Yamaha is home, Ward cultural hall, chapel, junior Sunday school, an outstanding piano that meets all professional and Relief Society rooms and other church uses.

church uses."Expensive? Not at all! Reasonable family prices.

Since 1887 YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 1224 So. San Pedro St., Los Angeles, Calif., Richmond 8-0237 150 Fifth Ave.. New York, N.Y., YU 9-5554

JULY 1964 589

The most serious misuse of reinvelop some confused notions about

Do As I Do forcementconsistent applicationteaching comesof rewardfrom andinwhatChildrenconstitutescharacteristicallyright andtestwrong.their

punishment. The child whose misparents in order to determine the

( Continued from page 581 behavior is tolerated indefinitely, limits of behavior which the parents then is met with impulsive punishwill tolerate. Welldefined behaviorment by his parents is likely to deal limits lead a child to a sense of

uses a consistent system of rewards and punishments in teaching his children is teaching by reinforcement. When Junior is paid a quarter

for cleaning up his room his behavior is being rewarded or "positively reinforced."When he is sent to bed

without his supper for hitting the little it is girl door, next being I THE THE WAITING MOTHERS"SPOKEN reinforced.""negatively assumpThe

i WORDtion is that behavior the rewarded will be strengthened and the punished behavior eventually eliminated.

Although reinforcement teaching works extremely well in training white rats to run mazes and pigeons RICHARD L. EVANS

to play pingpong, it does not work so well in training children for a In The Blue Bird by Maurice Maeterlinck, there is a heartsearching scene number of reasons. First, the reinas the children leave their home in heaven to be born on earth. And as

forcement used must be appropriate. they depart from their premortal life, there is anxiety and anticipation.

If mother says: "Be a good girl and Some do not want to leave their friends; some fear to come to earth, and

do thus and so and make mama as the sails of the craft which carries them disappear, the voices of the proud of you,"the child is not likely children are heard in the distance: "The Earth! The Earth! I can see it!

to do thus and so since she realizes How beautiful it is! How bright it is! How big it is!"Then from a far,

mama is either proud of her or she far place there is the sound of a distant song—a song of gladness and expecisn't and whether she does the job tation. "What is it?"they ask. It is not the children singing, but the song

assigned or not is not likely to of mothers coming out to meet them. 1 The song of mothers coming out to

change things much. To pay Junior meet the children sent from their heavenly home—this is a moving and

a quarter for washing the car is not momentous theme! From out of the premortal past they come, for the

likely to teach him much about the experience of life on earth, as part of an eternal Father's plan and purneed to keep a car clean, since he pose, even as Wordsworth, with profound poetic insight, said it:

can probably get four times that much washing the neighbor's car. "Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting:

Too large a reward for desired beThe Soul that rises with us., our life's Star,

havior is just as poor from the Hath had elsewhere its setting, standpoint of learning as too small And cometh from afar:

a reward and tends to focus an inNot in entire forgetfulness, ordinate amount of the child's atAnd not in utter nakedness, tention on the end rather than the But trailing clouds of glory do we come means. It serves also to promote a From God, who is our home..."2

surfeit which destroys motivation;

for example, if Junior is given a longWhat a blessing and a sacred trust are children. What a blessing and an

desired bicycle for getting all "A's"everlasting influence are mothers who fulfil their honored mission. And

on his report card, the personal value we honor ourselves as we honor them in unforgetting love and thoughtfulin getting "A"grades has not only ness. Let none of them be left in unremembered loneliness. And now

been lost in the glitter of the bicycle, again as to Maeterlinck's message of the waiting mothers; of those who are

but any interest in getting such or are about to be—young mothers who may find the days heavy, the

grades in the future is likely to be evenings weary, the chores multiplied, the problems perplexing—but reexactly zero. wards so wonderfully rich—this we would say to them in some moving

A second difficulty in using reinwords borrowed from the pages of the poets: "There will be a singing in

forcement as a means of teaching your heart; there will be a rapture in your eyes; you will be a woman set

children is a tendency on the part apart; you will be so wonderful and wise."3 And "Thou, while thy babes

of parents to apply it impulsively around thee cling, shalt show us how divine a thing a woman may be made."4

and inconsistently. Particularly in

the early phases of the learning 'See The Blue Bird, by Maurice Maeterlinck, act v.

process, reinforcement, either posi3Robert-'WilliamW.Wordsworth,Service, TheIntimationsMother. of Immortality.

tive or negative, must be applied 4William Wordsworth, To a Young Lady.

each time the behavior occurs, and "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and die Columbia it must be applied as soon as possible. Broadcasting System, May 10, 1964. Copyright 1964.

S90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MISSIONARIES A WEBCOR tape recorder can besecurity, whereas the child whose the extent of these childhood imitaparents reward and punish him intions, and the results uniformly indian excellent tool in your work.

consistently finds no security and cate that the child not only imitates TERMS—Call or write about our

tends to view the world as a threatall his parents'virtues, but all their MISSIONARY plan.

ening place where good and bad faults as well. It is this latter obthings occur without any predictservation which causes parents so StereoTape Recorder

able pattern. many headaches. Father lectures

The ability to correlate and inJunior on the subject of respect for Center tegrate factual information into law and authority, then describes to 1568 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah "insight"is something that is highly his wife how he beat the government Another Clarence L. Jolley Enterprise

dependent upon experience, and out of fifty dollars on his income tax experience is something that children and wonders why Junior doesn't just do not have. It is the opinion seem to get the message. Or mother

of many psychologists that the greatspanks Susie for talking falsehoods, ADDRESS LABEL SHOWS est mistake a person can make in then when the phone rings calls to dealing with children is to view her husband, "If it's for me, tell them EXPIRATION MONTH them as "miniature adults."They are I'm not here."Although this sort of The last issue of your current subscripnot "adults"psychologically and inbehavior on the part of his parents

tellectually any more than they tends to make a child feel that adults tion is indicated on your address label;

are physically. are not truthful, it also serves to for example, the letters OCT mean your

fallibility his of the edict point out a parental to him who obeys A child that parents, not a subscription expires in October—DEC, to please he should be andobeys because he wants

his parents not because he undercarbon copy of his parents. that it will expire in December, etc.

stands what the whole business is The development of our unique Subscriptions entered for more than all about. No age limit needs to be selves takes time, and the interim,

placed on this statement, because because it is so long, is difficult for one year have numbers following the adult values are often as incompreparents to tolerate. They wonder month, such as OCT 6A. This means

hensible to the sixteenyear-old as if the child is ever going to learn any that subscriptions will expire in Octothey are to the sixyear-old. manners, or if he is ever going to

Words like good, bad, moral, imlearn to behave like a human being ber of 1964. Check your address label

moral, atheist, communist, and the around other people. They are often often and renew at least one month

is It impatient. hard for them words, adult not children'slike are to ahead of the expiration date. are dealing realize they If with an imchildren understandwords. them

at all, their understanding is likely to mature, unsophisticated, inexperiThe Improvement Era be distorted or fragmented. enced, young organism who has to

Given enough time and sufficient learn there is a time and place for varied experience, children can dejust about everything, that behavior fine adult concepts adequately, but in public and behavior in private FAMILY CRESTS - COAT OF ARMS they cannot be hurried; they can are two entirely different, noninteronly be confused. changeable things; that different

The search for a personal identity people have different standards of (who am I?) continues throughout conduct, values, ideals, and morals

childhood and consists of trying on for themselves. They have to learn

opinions, attitudes, emotions, and that society provides for a fairly habit patterns in wide variety until wide range of acceptable conduct, WALL SHIELDS something finally "fits."The first but nonetheless sets definite limits WATER PITCHERS

tolerance. behavioral child the are of tries on They whichmodels

SHIELDS have PARCHMENTS DOUBLE WALL society is to learn that his parents. ofthe identities a human They PLATES SILICATE CHINA

arfile, including that it is construction, on names 100,000 have to and able to beare people seem imperfect We who

Irish also all practically for names. morials We frailties. life's reflective certain and a problems with of humanhandle Scottish for English, and orders execute Welsh

amount of dispatch. They appear to Maturity will inevitably come, and names and for other nationalities.

be able to do what they want to it sometimes arrives with surprising IMPERIAL SALES when they want to. Nobody says suddenness. But despite the sudden964 Laird Ave.Salt Lake City, Utah EM 3-4184

"don't,"or "you can't,"or "you ness, it represents the end of a long mustn't."They are persons to be adroad of learning growth and develALL-GRAIN FLOUR MILLS

mired and imitated, and the child opment where progress has at times BEST MILL MADE for flours, stoneground setbacks painfully slow and them. and beendoes imitate The detail

cereals. its frequent. hasten Parents can is often this imitation ofmagnitude sizes.. All

...startling. It can be so letter perfect arrival by providing consistent beHome...IndustryCommunity.

that unknowing adults will say about havioral models for their children. ALLGRAIN ENGINEERING

an adopted or foster child, "Boy, In so doing they remove one obPhoenix,CO. - BoxAriz. 7722,85011

you can sure tell whose child he is. stacle in the path, namely, the conPRICELESS HEIRLOOM PHOTOS

of in the occurs which mind and fusion you walks and talks likeHe even COPIED AND RESTORED tell to parents him a child have."when his you mannerismshas the same

Many psychological investigations behave in one way then proceed to SendSNAPSHOTSold Photo for$2.00new negativePORTRAITSand 1 $4.00DeLuxe

unreturned (Original Photo Enlargementhave been conducted to determine act in contradictory fashion. 5x7

prices on request: Special Restoration harmed).

WEEKES PHOTO COPY SERVICE 3400 South 3200 West Salt Lake City 19, Utah

Phone CY 8-3243

JULY 1964 591 Salvation for the Dead

It takes little imagination for one to sense the joy of revealed, organization was required. For one hundred

the Saints at Nauvoo when they learned they could twenty years the Church has been enlarging the begin the work of salvation for the dead, that is, scope of the work as it has progressed. Its orderly

that they themselves could perform the required ordiprocesses have grown as the needs of the growing nances which would, as Isaiah said, "bring out the Church have been met.

prisoners from the prison, and them that sit in darkness Today we meet the needs of the more than two out of the prison house."(Isa. 42:7.) The scriptures million members with a call for all members to take

pointed to the fact that there was to be an opporpart. This will be accomplished under the priesthood

tunity for the dead to hear "the voice of the Son of correlation plan of the Church, carried out in the

God: and they that hear shall live."(John 5:25.) But wards with supervision by the stake leaders. One of

it was given to Joseph Smith to reveal the fact that the important leaders, working under the direction we are all "saviors on Mt. Zion"for our kindred dead; of the stake president, is the stake genealogical adviser.

that the true order of salvation involves the children 1. He is a member of the stake high council.

whose hearts should be turned to their fathers. 2. He works as the representative of the stake presi-

(Mai. 4:5-6.) dent to promote the work in the wards.

To the Saints with living, vital faith this meant 3. He works with the bishops to carry out the stake

immediate action, and hundreds were baptized in president's program relative to priesthood genealogithe Mississippi River for the dead—for friends as well cal work.

as for relatives. Such work was pleasing to the Lord, 4. He instructs the group leaders of high priests

no doubt, but correct procedures and better organin the wards (these are responsible for the promotion ization were needed. The Prophet soon corrected of the genealogical work in the ward) at the monthly

the proceduresleadership meeting.

It was shown that this doctrine is a family responsi- 5. He organizes classes on the stake level to train

bility. Truly, as Malachi prophesied, the fathers'ward genealogical specialists. (These specialists will

hearts turn to their children while the children turn be available to go to homes where the home teachers to do the work for their fathers. It was soon designate they are needed.)

made known that every ordinance essential for exalta- 6. Under the stake president he correlates the genetion in the celestial kingdom was to be performed in alogical work of all the wards in the stake.

behalf of dead ancestors, not baptism alone. Further, His importance cannot be overstated. He should be

there must be a sacred place provided in which these chosen for his ability to inspire, teach, and supervise.

ordinances could be performed. The people turned And he should devote himself to bringing about the

to with a will to build the Nauvoo Temple, the sacred stake objectives in this work for the dead, who are place commanded by the Lord. not dead, but anxiously waiting for their release into

As the work began to enlarge to fit the principles newness of life, as the Lord has promised.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmmm mm

atmm

mm

m JhJTThe New Zealand Temple

TEMPLE RECOMMENDS

Recommends Required: Every church member in triplicate, and filled out properly, and signed

eight years of age or over must have a recomby the bishop or branch president which indimend to enter the temple. A group recommend cates that the applicant has been carefully inmay be issued for those eight to eleven years terrogated and found worthy to go through the

of age, to holders of the Aaronic Priesthood and temple of the Most High. The white and buff

girls of corresponding ages who desire to go to copies are to be delivered to the stake or mission the temple as a group to do baptismal work for president for his signature after he has also the dead. In all other cases an individual recomconducted a personal interview with the applimend is required for each person. cant. The pink copy will remain in the book.

The new temple recommend is valid in any The applicant must deliver the white and or all of the temples. Therefore, a separate buff copies to the first temple he enters after

recommend is not necessary for each temple. If obtaining his recommend. The white copy will

the lefthand portion only is filled out, the recombe retained by the temple and subsequently filed mend is only valid for all ordinance work for in the temple in the district in which the applithe dead. If the righthand portion is filled out cant lives. The buff copy, properly stamped,

also, the recommend is restricted to those ordiwill then admit the applicant to any temple in nances initialed by the person issuing the the Church.

recommend. The recommend should be made Page 73, General Handbook of Instructions

JULY 1964 593 5W:: Sf M@i,PRESDING h 3 B SHOPRIC'S *%*l *fSf III

BY STAN WATTS Head Basketball Coach Brigham Young University hhpij (24 <aD

Several years ago the famous football coach Earl individuals. As we walk off the field this afternoon,

"Red"Blaik took his fine Army team from West Point we want to feel in our hearts that we played up to to play a great Michigan team at Ann Arbor. The our capabilities—we played the best we could. If

stadium as usual was filled to capacity with over that feeling exists within our souls after the contest, 100,000 spectators who had come to witness this great win or lose, then we will have no questions to ask contest. The two teams came onto the green turf ourselves in regard to our desire and our effort.

on a beautiful autumn afternoon for their pregame This is the philosophy we have tried to instil in warmup. Naturally the spectators were trying to our athletes at Brigham Young University. In a sense

single out the outstanding performers on each team the same things may be applied to our everyday living by referring to their programs to check the personnel in helping to serve God and our fellow men. As an

and the numbers. The two wellcoached teams went adult I often look back on my life as a youngster

through their calisthenics, punting, passing, offensive and see many mistakes I made. If I could have a

and defensive drills as the fans built their enthusiasm chance to do it over again, I am sure I would endeavor and eagerness to get the contest underway. With to do better. Because of my experience, I would

the warmup drills completed the two teams returned like to suggest to the youth of the Church some of to their dressing rooms for final game instructions and the philosophy of the related story as it might apply a review of the strategy that each had prepared during to them.

the week. If I were you, I would try to live a life to gain the

In a dressing room filled with the odor of human respect of people around me. This would include

perspiration and with a spirit of enthusiasm and eagermy family, friends, neighbors, and associates. We

ness, Coach Blaik talked to his squad. He told his have been told by President McKay that we are to be

group of young American men he was proud of them missionaries. People outside the Church and within

and suggested they try to accomplish three main the Church watch us more than we think. Anything

objectives in the game with Michigan. The three we do contrary to our teachings and our belief will

important suggestions were these: bring a great deal of criticism to the Church. Being

1. Today we want to gain the respect of this vast aware of our responsibilities, we can become exemaudience for what we represent. We represent a great plars of the finer things of life. By good example

educational and military institution. We also reprewe can gain the respect and admiration of the people

sent a great American game. Let us do nothing today we associate with or meet as we attempt to reach our

on the field that will mar the reputation of either. goals in life. I have talked with many people outside

2. We want to gain the respect of our opponents the Church who have the highest respect for many

as men and competitors. We want to play the game members of our Church because those members live

according to the rules. We need to play to win, but the gospel and try to serve humanity.

we also need to play hard, play clean, play fair, and If I were you, I would gain the respect of the carry the battle to our opponents. people with whom I associate and have business

3. We want to gain the respect of ourselves as dealings. In the degree of competition that exists in

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA every field, it becomes a necessity to play the game could become better and would feel more confidence according to the rules. The human virtues of honesty, toward his goals in life. There is no question but

integrity, and fair play in all of our actions will certhat some degree of selfsatisfaction might exist. If

tainly command the respect of people with whom we this were to be, then an individual might accept chalassociate and have negotiations. As we practise these lenges and if faced with the possibility of returning

virtues, we become close to our Father in heaven in to his Father in heaven could probably answer as serving him and his children. There is no respect Colonel Glenn did when he said he did not fear

for people who lie, cheat, and try to take advantage death in his orbital experience because he had made of others. peace with his God.

If I were you, I would gain the respect of myself. Then in our attempt to gain salvation, we could

I would first be concerned with my activity in the say we did the best we could according to our knowlChurch. By obeying and living the commandments edge and our experiences, and consequently, we

of our Father in heaven, we become humble and would not have too many questions with which to retain the spiritual needs of man. I would learn to concern our consciences.

pray. By participating in the activities of the auxiliaries as youngsters and honoring the priesthood as

we become worthy to participate, we find medium for growth. We grow through these experiences by

basketball in coaches The the Intermountain West, dean of

Watts,accepting the call to perform as officers and teachers. Stan has coach at been head Brigham Young University

I would take advantage of the opportunities to study for fifteen years. He has led his teams to an NIT championand to apply myself to receive the value of an educaship and three conference championships.

tion. This is a necessity to compete in the field of Coach Watts came to BYU in 1946 as freshman football and

specialization you might choose. Too many opporbasketball coach. In 1949 he was named head basketball

assistant athletics. director and oftunities to gain a good education are bypassed today coach

a Utah, Murray, He is native of and attended Weber Colby our young people. I would honor my father and lege and BYU, where he won two letters each in football,

my mother that their days may be long upon the basketball, and track.

land. I would seek their counsel and guidance rather His coaching career began in Millard County High School in

than of my friends. I would try to be my brother's southern Utah. He coached at Dixie College and Jordan High

in Salt County Lake before coming to BYU.keeper. I would try to gain strength through trials. School

director a He is the National Association of of Basketball

I would take care of my body to see that no harm Coaches and has served on the National Basketball Rules or damage befalls it because of my negligence or lack Committee. His book, Developing an Offensive Attack in

of knowledge. I would accept responsibility, strive Basketball, was printed in 1959.

to be prompt, and pride myself in having people When Coach Watts leaves the BYU fieldhouse, he serves as respect my promises. I would be honest with myself abeenmemberan Explorerof the EastadviserSharonand Stakepresidenthigh ofcouncil.an elders'He hasquorumalso

in every regard. and a seventy.

If these various things were attempted, a person He is the father of four children.

JULY 1964 595 There is nothing more constant than three meals a day. Every twentyfour hours a round of breakfast,

lunch, and dinner. Summer, fall, winter, and springTODAY'S FAMILY

this parade marches on. Its only variance is perhaps

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK. EDITOR the change of time schedule for the three meals on

weekends. Endless? Yes, but it can be challenging

and even fun if you make it so. The attitude of mind,

"why bother about really cooking when it all disappears so fast,"is a misdemeanor. If we think this way,

then why bother about anything? Few things are

lasting. Thoughtfully planned and wellcooked meals

do last. No, I don't mean on one's hips, but in the

healthy glow of one's children. Good, nourishing,

wellbalanced food, prepared with love, adds zest, health, and happiness to anyone. The food that piles up

on hips and makes one feel groggy is the hitand-miss

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA variety of thoughtless calories without nourishment. with a mixture of whipped cream, coarsely grated

Morning, noon, and night calls for someone in the sweet chocolate and nuts, freeze, and it will be a kitchen carefully preparing delicious, healthbuilding, "dessert in a minute,"tomorrow. Set salads are so

energygiving meals. This is a constant dayby-day cool and refreshing, especially in hot weather. Next

effort, but it needn't take all day. In the summer time you make one, double the recipe, adding chopped

especially, the cool of the morning is the time to precucumbers and drained, grated pineapple to half of pare all three meals. Planning and shopping by the the Jell-o mixture and drained fruit cocktail and

week will lessen the time and energy spent. Make maraschino cherries to the other half and set in the

out a week's menus in advance, shop and carefully refrigerator for dinner two days later. Be sure you

store every item. Waste and spoilage run rampant in cover all Jell-o molds with a plastic wrap to insure

hot weather, and it is necessary immediately upon freshness. Stir up enough French salad dressing, or

arriving home with the groceries to wash and store for that matter any salad dressing, to last a week perishable foods in the refrigerator and freezer. or two. It is /fun to have two or three different

Use many timesaving ways to prepare food; for varieties readyfor any occasion.

instance, if you are having baked potatoes for dinner, There comes a day when you feel like preparing scrub, oil, and bake twice as many as you can use at food—this can happen even in the summer. When this

one meal and serve scalloped baked potatoes the next day rolls around, go on a cooking binge and fill the day; they give the dish a different delicious flavor. freezer. Casseroles of fish, chicken, or ground beef

Never make just enough stew, soup, or chili for all freeze well, but leave out the hardcooked eggs.

one meal. Double or triple the recipe and freeze Something that is not good happens to egg whites when

what is left over. Don't make just one pie shell; make frozen. Breads, rolls, cakes, cookies, pastries, even

pastry for half a dozen and store the uncooked pastry, cream puff shells, all are as good coming out of a wrapped air tight, in the refrigerator. When you make freezer as going into it. Baked biscuits and muffins

a batch of sweet rolls, double the recipe and freeze keep best about two months in the freezer, but yeast what you can't use all baked and ready to serve with a rolls, breads, and fruit cakes can stay in the freezer up huge chicken salad and corn on the cob some hot to one year. Angel and sponge cakes are best removed

evening. Cook too much corn on the cob, cut the before the fifth month but cakes with shortening can

kernels from that which is left, cover with sweet milk remain in the freezer up to nine months. I have found

or cream, place in the refrigerator, and it is ready that it is best to use casseroles within a fourmonth to season and heat tomorrow. Bake a large sponge period, though soups are good for as long as six

cake. Serve part of it as shortcake with strawberries months. It is best to add crumb or cheese toppings to

and cream. Cover the remaining four or five slices the casseroles when reheating them, not at the time

JULY 1964 597 you put tem in the freezer. You petite pickerupper.. Eye appeal is Orange Cups

know that you can chop and freeze really important on a hot day. Tablegreen peppers, celery, parsley, and cloths need to be spotless and more Cut the top off an orange. Remove

onions in small convenient individual starched, colors clearer, vegetables all the orange segments, leaving the packages to use at a moment's notice. crisper, and gelatin molds stiffer. shell. Fill the shell with diced

Frozen bread grates easily and makes For a centerpiece on a hot day, try Orange, seedless grapes, and sliced fine crumbs even if the bread was filling a crystal bowl with pale green banana. Serve with cranberry dressfresh from the oven before freezing. ice cubes and scattering strawberries ing. (Beat Vz cup cranberry sauce

To freeze casseroles, beans, chili, over the top. A shiny green leaf with 3 tablespoons honey and 1

etc., line a casserole with foil, turn placed here and there around the teaspoon lemon juice.)

cooled mixture into it, fold foil over edge of the bowl will finish this the top and freeze. When frozen delightful arrangement. Servings in Sliced Tomatoes with Eggs

remove the foilwrapped mixture hot weather should be middlesized, from the casserole, label, and slip not big and overwhelming, if appeTomatoes have a way of pepping up into polyethylene bags and freeze tites are to be catered to. a breakfast. Try slicing large beefuntil ready to use. Try freezing The cook should be rested and add steak tomatoes and serving them

popped popcorn. All you have to a happy atmosphere to the meal. sprinkled with minced parsley along

do is to let it cool after popping and Relaxation while eating on a hot day with the eggs and bacon.

place in a plastic bag and freeze is important. Family and guests

until ready to use. Season with butalso have a responsibility to add to Breakfast Grapefruit

ter and salt when you take the popthe sunny climate of the dinner hour.

corn from the freezer. Cooked rice Breakfast, lunch, and dinner can be Halve a grapefruit and cut around

freezes well, but it is best to slightly fun to prepare and enjoyable to eat each section. Sprinkle each half

undercook it for freezing. even in the middle of the summer. with one teaspoon honey and a dash

When you make waffles, triple the of nutmeg. Serve ice cold or heat

recipe and bake them all not quite as under broiler until honey bubbles.

brown as normal, cool, wrap in foil SALADSBREAKFAST, LUNCH, or place the waffle squares into AND DINNER Floating Pears polyethylene bags, seal, and freeze.

Some hot summer morning it will be Salads are not limited by the time Place xk pear with cavity side up in so easy to warm these frozen waffles of day, time of year, or type of in- a low sherbet glass. Fill the pear

in a toaster and serve them with hot gredients available. They add nourwith finely chopped prunes (cooked

blueberry syrup. ishment, variety, and zest to our or uncooked ) and pour orange juice

Why bother with just one meat meals. Extend your imagination, let over all.

loaf when you can make half a your fancy fly in all directions when dozen at a time? Just line your loaf you create a salad. It is a magic Simple Ambrosia

tins with foil, extending the foil six potion of vitamins, minerals, and all inches above the top of the pan. that's good turned into luscious eatPeel the oranges, cut into Vi inch

Pack in the meat mixture, fold the ing. A salad is just as much at home slices. Place on salad plate with

foil over the top, and refrigerate on the breakfast table as it is at a the slices overlapping each other.

overnight. Remove the wrapped meat formal dinner party. Serve your Sprinkle with coconut and garnish

loaf from the pan, label, and freeze family salads morning, noon, and with a piece of parsley or watercress.

until that hot afternoon when all you night.

have to do is take the foilwrapped Spring Salad Cup freezer, loaf the remove frommeat its original inthe foil pan BREAKFAST SALADS Cook spring's pink rhubarb, cut bake and at 350 degrees F. for 1% hours. into 1 inch pieces, until just tender.

Fried chicken can also be frozen, Fruit Salad Breakfast Ring Sweeten, add pineapple chunks with and what a help this is on a busy their juice. Serve in cups and garnish

picnic day. Days before this special With a sharp knife cut a cantaloupe with strawberries.

slices. into ReVfe inch crosswise as fry chicken the youoccasion the LUNCHEON SALADS seeds. Place the rind and finish move cooking do, then comusually

pletely. Wrap each piece in foil rings on a salad plate and fill with

and freeze. To reheat place the cut banana chunks, quartered fresh Luncheon Salad Complete

wrapped frozen chicken in the oven peaches, and sliced strawberries. Hollow out k pineapple per person.

for 30 minutes at 325 degrees F. UnServe with salad dressing made from Core and dice the fruit. Add thinly

cover the chicken and bake 5 or 10 orange juice, poppy seeds, and fresh sliced strawberries to the pineapple minutes longer to crispen it. minced mint. and heap back in the shell. Top

Summer foods can be so appetizwith two or three scoops of varied ing that there is no need on a hot Honeydew Melon Delight colored sherbets. Hot appetizers

day for a jaded appetite. A little are good served with this salad.

loving care will take care of this. Cut the melon into fourths or sixths. Hot Appetizer

In warm weather hot foods should Place a section on a salad plate. Fill

be hotter and cold foods colder. The with seedless grapes and sprinkle 1 cup crab

extremes of temperature are an apwith lime juice. Vz cup diced celery

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2 tablespoons chopped onion V2 cup cheddar cheese, shredded

V2 cup mayonnaise

Mix all ingredients together and spread on rounds of bread that have been toasted on underside. Sprinkle

with 3 tablespoons grated cheese and broil until bubbly and slightly golden brown.

Hot Potato Salad

7 mediumsized potatoes y% cup chopped onions 1 teaspoon salt 3 tablespoons chopped parsley % teaspoon celery seed dash of pepper 10 slices bacon, cut into 1 inch Why your church should have the soft, pieces % cup vinegar diluted with V2 cup quiet beauty of Bigelow water Vk tablespoons flour Appearance alone would be reason Mormon church building decor.

1V2 tablespoons sugar enough. But a fine Bigelow carpet, like There are many other Bigelow carpets

for well. In fact, for as the home also—ideal above, Director Gropoint shown diced cucumber the 1 cup for building, every public home, every create noise. Helps an atmosabsorbs

Vz radishes cup sliced the or customcreate can Bigelow has of serenity. Saves on maintenance phere

1 dill pickle, diced fine and cleaning costs too. perfect carpet. We've been doing it for

Cook the potatoes unpeeled until selectedThis sturdyimportedtweedwoolsis wovento giveof finestyears well over a century.

just tender, drain, cool, and peel, cut of wear under heavy traffic. It comes in RUGS AND CARPETS

lightly withinto cubes. Toss SINCE 1825 the 14 colors, making it adaptable to any Bigelow

salt, pickle, pepradish,cucumber, per, parsley, and celery seed. Saute

the bacon, and when crisp remove from the bacon fat. Leave 1 tablespoon bacon fat in the pan and stir

in flour gradually. Add diluted

vinegar and sugar and bring to boiling point, stirring constantly. Toss

lightly into the potato and baconmixture, serve hot. This salad is STOP!

good served with sliced cold meat, a tray of crisp raw vegetables, French bread, and iced cocoa.

---'-- -'-.-.-;RELISH SALADS

Beet Relish

2 cups sliced beets STOP doing all those un- % cup vinegar necessary household duties.

Vz teaspoon cloves Read "Hints From Heloise"

V2 teaspoon cinnamon daily and Sunday in The Salt

V2 allspice teaspoon 3 tablespoons chopped green onions Lake Tribune and cut your 1 cup sliced cucumber work in half.

Cleaning, washing, waxing, Drain the cooked beets and reserve meals... they're all made

the liquid. Add the vinegar and easier, thanks to Heloise

spices to 1 cup of the liquid and all thebring to a boil. Add the beets and Cruse. And she passes

remove from heat. Chill the beets hints on to you in

in the liquid, add cucumbers and onions, let stand overnight in the III!

refrigerator. Drain and serve as a

relish. ukt M 599

Pepper Relish

3 cups thinly sliced green pepper 1 cup very thinly sliced onion 4 tablespoons vinegar 2 tablespoons water V3 cup salad oil V2 teaspoon salt V4 teaspoon pepper

Toss all together and refrigerate at least one hour. This is a tasty relish

served with a beef pot roast.

Salad Relish ( good served with fish

2 cucumbers peeled and thinly sliced 2 tablespoons chopped chives or green onions 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley xk pint dairy sour cream 2 tablespoons lemon juice or vinegar WHEN YOUR CHILD SPEAKS 1 pimento, finely chopped 1 teaspoon salt BY LEO ROSENHOUSE lk teaspoon sugar Vi teaspoon dill seed dash of pepper Needless to say, Harriet G. was distress from the situation so that it

tressed when the teacher sent her affects his educational progress. We

Lightly toss all the ingredients toyoung son home with a note pinned must correct the problem before it gether, chill, serve as an accompanito his shirt pocket asking her to is too late."

ment to fish. come to school to discuss a problem At the insistence of the specialist,

with Larry's speech. Harriet and her husband agreed to

"He's a mumbler,"the teacher attend an adult speech correction began when Harriet made her apclass one evening a week in night pearance. "We're having quite a school. The couple was also given

SUMMER timedistinctlygettinglikehimtheto pronounceother youngsterswords homea set inoffrontexercisesof their tochildpractiseto clarifyat of his age. Can you give us any their speech.

BY SOLVEIG PAULSON RUSSELL hint as to how his speech problem "Words should be melodious and developed?"pleasant to hear,"the speech inWhen Mrs. G. groped for an anstructor maintained. "When a child

Full summer! swer, the teacher quickly understood strains to speak or has a speech

Days overflow Larry's trouble. It was his mother. problem, he suffers serious setbacks.

With warmth that's the color She began to talk very rapidly in an The way to help your child speak

Of golden glow. almost inaudible monotone, running well is to practise better speech

Birds scarce find time her words together in such a jumble yourselves."

For sleeping at all, that it was very difficult for the Today, thanks to the guidance school, has Larry to at overcome she given teacher grasp what was saying. bells the hollyhockAnd

this with disspeaks his conversation, of result a and mumbling AsAre crowded and tall. Surprisingly, assurance. tinction instructor the and appointment an made

for Harriet and her husband to conconditions within Larry's home have

The rivers are lazy; sult with the speech correction improved since the speech correcThey pause as they flow specialist in the school system. The tion specialist took time to aid the

To watch for the meadows specialist came right to the point. entire family's speech pattern. HarWhere cowslips grow; "Larry talks just like you,"she riet is less frustrated in her relationfor friends, ship neighbors "He's Harriet. looking at explained, and with they in wonder murmurAnd

her. of they understand developthree Taking years speech now had

all that they see—At courses ing speech improvement has been in your which home ment

The lushness of grassworking adversely for him. Instead night helped her husband receiveat

Full growth of each tree—of enjoying and repeating words he an advancement in his job.

And the lax contentment has heard you say, he is now reSpeech is the vital means of comOf beast and men luctant to speak. Other children munication and, next to sight, means

Who bask in the pleasure make fun of his mumbling, and more to an individual than all other

Of summer again. Larry is experiencing sufficient dissenses and abilities combined. Give

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

u 8zi your youngster the opportunity to....gea

speak adequately, and he will make better progress in school and acquire an ease with the problems of the world as he grows into maturity.

The time to think about your child's speech is in babyhood. Many

speech experts contend that a baby begins to need the spoken word or at lest the sounds about him at about four months. The first five

years in a child's life set his speech pattern. What you say and how you

say it makes a permanent impression on your youngster's speech progress. Teach your child proper

speech by his fifth birthday, and you

NAMEwill have a truly healthier, happier, PLEASE SENDand better adjusted youngster. Hereis a yearby-year speech program to FREE ADDRESS

help your child: HOME STUDY CITY STATE

1. Four pionths to first birthday.

TO: HOME STUDY, Briqhom Younq University, Provo, UtahYour child is alert to sounds—all CATALOG TO...

kinds—and he tries to make sounds

himself. A\. this age he is a mimic.

What you say sounds just wonderful to him, and he is happy to copy you. COLOR FILM PROCESSING

to expressEncourage him himself, KODACHROME - noises meaningremaineven if his less. By the time your child apEKTACHROME -

proaches his first birthday, you should have turned speech teacher ANSCOCHROME and given him the opportunity to

Mounted SONY his real from words comemake lips. 5"

in a frame $1.00 being happy this by T.V. $175 135mm 12 exp. Do

of mind whenever you give a little 135mm 20 exp..- 1.35

speech lesson. It must be a pleasant 135mm 36 exp 2.40

experience for the child, otherwise 120 1.35

he won't want to participate. Meal620 1.35

time is an ideal period in which to 127 1.00

practise speech. The youngster 126 1.00

knows his eating utensils, so fre828 1.00

quently say to him: "cup, spoon, 16mm B& W - 100 ft. 2.50

plate,"etc., and show him the meaning that goes with the words. Hand No C. 0. D.'s 1

him the objects and identify them $99.50

in a clear tone.

You will be delighted to discover DESERET AUDIOVISUAL PRODUCTIONS AND PHOTOCHROME LABS.

that by birthday time, your child 31 South 3rd East, Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 3223962 (area code 801) will have a limited vocabulary that Filmstrip Production—Visual Aids—Rental Equipment—Film Processing, Color, 16mm B&W

makes sense. Stay away from too

much baby talk now, for your child WARDS STAKES* RELIEF SOCIETIES needs the element of distinct and IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS CLUBS. ORDER NOW FOR

sound. sensible

%. First year to second birthday. Aids in treatment of Canker, simple YOURBreakBANQUETSResistant

Most children have the ability to sore throat and other minor mouth speak a clear word or two by their and throat irritations. MELMAC

first birthday. It may be simply DINNERWARE

it is underor "daddy,"but "mama"HALL'S REMEDY City. Utah W ButSecondsGood! Salt Lake there. Don't it from stood. Take

FLORAL J 20 make comparisons of your child's K1.BEKj.EEEH!-><(- SSh DESIGNS

his speech with other children ss10"DINNER PLATES each 49c same YOU CAN RENT IT!

differ in speech age. Youngsters PLATTERS 13"SERVING 69c

for start slow development. Some $1.98 and HOWE RENTS ShippingSALAD ChargesPLATESPaid on Orders8 later. Over talkers good Have become SALES AND RENTALS 200

[ Salt Lake City PEHRSON HARDWARE 2375 South State 4860055 2115 S. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY 1964 601

patience if your toddler is an awkThe Lure of Antelope Island the city in vain and had to leave for ward speaker. the East without his daughter.

Pull your child past the babbling There was a mariner shipwrecked stage. When he slurs words or in- ( Continued from page 586 on the barren west side of the issists on baby talk, give him a smile land who hopefully made a white

and a gentle correction, saying the flag out of his shirt, although he word properly over and over again, which buttoned at the ankles, they equally as hopelessly lay down to always with a happy expression on were permitted to ride astride the die when he acknowledged the your part. Let him learn that words horses. rugged mountain directly behind

well said can bring appreciation from In addition to many excellent him and the bleak shore immediately yourself and others. Tell the memqualities possessed by these island before him. Fate was kind to this

bers of your family to be respectful horses, Nathaniel George Stringham man, however, for he was rescued about their speech, too. in his book Briant Stringham and His by several sheepherders who saw

3. Second year to third birthday. People states that they had "a weakthe white flag of distress while purThis is the age for phrasing of words. ness that made many a man's face suing a coyote.

Talk to your child in complete red with anger. They loved their The island was yet to be exploited

short sentences. Use speech he can island home. It was hard to wean in other ways. In between sermons,

repeat and say your words slowly them from it. Whenever a favorable Reverend Ballard S. Dunn, an Episand clearly. Begin to teach him opportunity presented itself, they copal minister living in Corinne in

basic sentence structure. Use words would take the nearest cut to the 1871, trudged to the island and

in proper continuity. Drop baby island, swimming the lake wherever picked up rock samples to take home

talk and any adoring ways of saying they happened to come to it, and with him. These he would crush

pet expressions for the sake of clarkeep going until they reached in a mortar with a pestle and then ity. Remember that your child is their destination."wash out in a gold pan. Oftentimes

just now beginning to learn words The final chapter in the lives of when only one or two sat in his rapidly. these excellent horses is a dismal congregation, he would say, "Well,

4. Third year to fourth birthday. one. Briant Stringham died as a shall we preach or pound quartz?"

By now, your child's vocabulary result of fatigue and exposure in Then one day a Californian jumped will amaze you. Keep up with him, 1871 when he was 47 years old. He one of his claims on the island, and

for he wants to understand speech was determined to transport some the furious Reverend Dunn chased and why words have their particular sheep from the island to Blackrock him off the island with a shotgun.

uses. Help him learn complete in a fierce storm which lasted for Needless to say Corinne wasted no

speech at home by asking him sensithree days during which time he time in looking for a new minister.

ble questions that require detailed was repeatedly wet and chilled. As This was the beginning of a small

answers. Don't rush him so that a result, he developed a congestion mining boom. Silver, copper, gold,

he stammers in an effort to pour out of the lungs and died nine days and iron ores which assayed well the words. If speech defects are later. After this, the horses ran were found, and an Antelope Island

apparent, and you don't seem able wild for four years. Then the Mining District was organized in

to correct them at home, consult Church arranged to have them 1871. However, none of the veins

your family doctor about the probcaught and taken to Salt Lake City. produced ore in any quantity, and

lem or ask assistance from a speech The horses were elusive, however, the boom burst like an air bubble.

teacher. Even though you have a and few were captured. Within a One further attempt was made to

preschool child, many school sysfew years, many of the horses on the commercialize the island when tems will gladly help with speech island had died of starvation, and the French capital built a large plant training before the child is of ones that remained were considered there to take epsom salts from the school age. Don't exhaust a child a nuisance and were shot by the water, but this venture ended before

with speech demands. Just keep new owners of the island, The Island it ever really began.

him interested in talking sensibly, Improvement Company. In 1869, the island was thrown

distinctly, and with purpose, and al- A different kind of fame came to open to homesteaders, beginning the ways be an honest listener. Your the island in 1857 when a young period of private ownership. In

child deserves to be heard. bride and her groom chose it as 1893 the Antelope Island Improve-

5. Fourth year to fifth birthday. their honeymoon rendezvous. The ment Company owned the island

Your child should now be making girl's wealthy father, who was reand imported many birds and anicomplete sentences. His statements turning East with his family, forbade mals including antelope, which had

should have logic, and he will be the marriage, and placed guards not been on the island since 1870.

asking many questions. Give him around his daughter. She eluded A few buffalos were brought in from

adequate answers. This is the imthem all on the day of the family's Nebraska, and these flourished so

portant age when you must teach scheduled departure and fled to a well that by the 1920's there was a control. Prosound vowel andhim

clearly help wordsnounce and him prearranged place where a carriage herd of four hundred. At one time,

do the same. Modulate your child's was waiting to take her and her the island was even called "Bufvoice so he doesn't mumble, screech, lover to Judge Elias Smith who falo."Hollywood arrived in 1922 to

or yell his words. By now, his speech performed the ceremony posthaste. take advantage of these animals and

pattern is set. The assistance you The newlyweds raced to the lake film the stampede scenes for the

have given him will serve him for where a boat took them to Antelope western movie The Covered Wagon.

the remainder of his lifetime. Island. The irate father searched Soon, however, this large herd of

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA buffalo became a nuisance, for they For your missionary farewell...

destroyed hay and fences. A buffalo hunt was staged. This hunt,

which was dangerous and difficult as well as exciting, successfully Distinctive choice of killed off most of the buffalos. programs to make

During the 1930's, the island had the farewell comone more chance for fame when plete. The missionswimming meets became popular at ary's photograph is

Great Salt Lake. The course was included in folded

from Antelope Island to Blackrock, ** program. a distance of 8.12 miles. In 1937, MsfiF

of set 3 hours a record Spenser Orson $20.00

for seconds 52 minutes40 and for 500 this: i Ti>

race. equaled His record was not for $1.00 per 100 more -V. fj! orandless than plus postage 500 of the race discontinuanceup to the

in 1940. Mailing weight for 500

As the wife of one of the descendis 8% pounds.

ants of Briant Stringham, I have Order blanks available upon request.been permitted by the present 3 J

owners, The Island Ranching Company, to visit Antelope Island. From

one end of the island to the other, I FINE COMMERCIAL PRINTING SINCE 1850 breathed only an atmosphere of peaceful serenity. The wheat, sheep,

and cattle which covered the hills were blissfully unaware of the little of history this rugged turbulent it K J$$S$I""reviewed not I, island, but who all from the shade of an old tree bfcft in front of the Fielding Garr home P. O BOX 1257. SALT LAKE CITY 10. UTAH

which is still in use.

Were one able to look into a charmed crystal ball, what might he see for the future? Since a scarcity Go the roots'

of amount a limitedof and water $50 to unsuitable island soil the make routefor most purposes, it may be that it will have little potential for any- $500 CASH!

thing save the wheat and the sheep Lfor your* church and cattle. And actually, those

to the water Get down island's spirits the lovekindred who SEND MONEY! NO roots deepest of your $50.00 every Wallace with agree time 10 members of your the solitude CASH would

sell grass, 10 cans each plants KitchenFresh of group or shrubs Chockept to be "ought that it Stegner at olettes can. 00 per or Coconettes SI. Bird's Rain new size cost with onelb. canisters The PROFIT! 100% in the amethyst distant, and tawny

sprinkler. Stream Spray for SI. 00! only your group 50c each—-sell foamthe west with late afternoon, lc! Order INVESTMENT! EVEN NOT NO ring, it disserrated a revolutionary 100 With

to days today. to cans send to 30 up 500 Take the it, and beyond a sunseting into charges slim streams of water that title, produce name, your payment. number phone Give

etc. like address, the address, blade name, glittering complete a sword andlake a slow, -right gentle penetration root to the

of officer, group, quantity each of 2nd name of is there its foot. It to be looked of watering youralong problems. The Stream parcel Freight Office (no desired, and nearest

cost post). sent Extras FREE less than conventional disturbed."water uses Spray at not but

Rockies. of GROUPS OFFER toOPENcover TOshipping for designs of the coverdiameter same *( special permission Reprinted Holifrom by TODAY! WRITE eastONLY!

, copyright day, Curtis Publishing 1957, by The doesn't puddle age; surface the or waste Dept. IE-9 COLLIER, Co.) VERNE

in runoff. corrosion water problems No St., a 3, Ala. N. 19th Birmingham 900 W BIBLIOGRAPHY

Morgan, Dale L., The Great Salt Lake, because the ring is molded in Du Pont's

Indianapolis, The BobbsMerrill Co., 1947. Delrin. No clogging problems because

Neff, Andrew Love, History of Utah, NEWELL, ORR & WALSH INC. every Stream Spray has its own filter.

Salt Lake City, The Deseret News Press, FLOORING CONTRACTORS Available in full, %, Kh, '/i and '/* circle spray 1940. patterns; head, a shrub each as or PopUp & ENGINEERS

Stringham, Nathaniel George, Briant 2"). (rising HiPop is Rain Spray Stream

TILE CARPETS VINYLStringham His People, and Salt Lake City, latest Bird's addition to the most comprePRICES"AT CONTRACT "CUSTOM FLOORS WallisStevens and Press, 1949. line of in the hensive sprinklers world. Ask

Cottam, Courtney, "Mountain Peaks in 630 5th AVE., N. Y. C. C163791 for Stream Spray sprinklers at your nearest

Great Salt Lake,"Utah, 1947. June center. garden

Elizabeth McCrimmon, Porter, Cannon "The Great Salt Lake and Its Islands,"GENEALOGY BOOK - $7.50 Write for free Stream Spray literature

pictures) and (145 pagesUtah Magazine, to Rain Bird Sprinkler February Mfg. Corp., P.O. 1947, Utah

South Carolina William 1797, Anderson—Publishing Salt Company, City. Lake California. 37, Glendora, Box Carolina 1761, Maryland John Booth—& South

Stegner, Wallace, Salt "Great Lake,". Va. England 1619, Dew(e)—Col. Thomas &

Holiday, May 1956. Rev. Thomas Hampton—1629, England & Va.

Capt. Samuel Wise—1738, England & Ga.

(!) WALKER E. ANDERSON Salt Lake City 17, Utah SURESTRainAID TO IRRIGATIONBird Moor Rd 1888 Meadow

JULY 1964 603

Wheat for Man his course of investigation of sotheir homes and had come in concalled primitive peoples and their tact with the refined diet products, ( Continued from page 571 food habits, and their state of health those made with white flour, poland physical wellbeing in order to ished rice, canned products, the by Dr. Weston A. Price, DDS, encompare all of these with the sodried and processed products and so

titled Nutrition and Physical Degencalled "civilized"peoples and their forth, lost their natural qualities of eration. He spent his life, literally, dietary. He found in every instance physical health and wellbeing and

and his means in pursuit of evidence uniformly better health among those "inherited"the ills of civilized man.

to prove or disprove a conviction in eating natural foods than among This was true even of identical his own mind, that our state of those eating the processed and retwins, in one instance! Others have

health or of illness is in large measfined products. He discovered that corroborated and duplicated his

ure influenced by nutrition and the members of families of the primitive findings, notably McCarrison, et al.

foods that we take into our body. peoples investigated who had left What was the difference between

He did not go into the biochemical laboratory alone to find his evidences, but literally toured the world in a patient, intuitive, and rational, unbiased search for truth. To find it

he visited almost the world over "INDEPENDENCE"- AND classes ofpeoples peoples and who PRINCIPLES are natural foods usingwere and ( but more and more in lesser degree, as the "civilized"food products reach them, entice them, and are RICHARD L. EVANS

consumed by them ). He found that

they are still using foods in a natural state as they come from the soil, or Besides "broadmindedness,"of which we have spOken, there i another also has it and also much commend much to vine,the tree or the or the word—"independence"—which from

of degree considerable free, some agency that can be abused. In using our forth; sowater they and which and

eat in the natural state so far as independence is absolutely essential in being Selfreliant and in being responpossible and change as little as sible forxmr own decisions. But it is possible for people to be so independent

necessary. Dr. Price took back to that they can't or don't cooperate; so independent that they don't work well

his biochemical laboratory samples with dthers; so independent that they make their own standards, their own

lawless,"Shakespeare, said principles. their laws, "The their own ownof their dietary unrules, (unchanged and 1 times, said Caleb are wills their their law."There "are that they makealtered of physical process any by ".. principle consists in principle no of having independence Colton,. whenor the chemical change by modern themselves on so pride as people to much which when on depend"2—such I of—shallmethods say—tampering rflore pride reason, it pride than that their becomes more independencewith products). food These the he Ruskin, said convinced,""I principle. John and mdre been than have more

in laborathestudied biochemical all great of general, is at the it, that, in pride bottom I of think "the more sotories the with and compared."3

. < point, to a stubbornness, is good up Independence, mistakes. even

called "civilized"dietary. He did bht so is cooperation, and so is conformity, up to a point—not conformity

this in order to determine and disfor lack of conviction, but conformity because of conviction—conformity to

cover, if he could, the reason or sound and proved principles, conformity to law, conformity to standards reasons why these peoples in the reof truth and decency. Anc] along with slhcere and sensible independence

mote areas enjoyed better health and there must always be standards and conviction, principles and law. And

in thestrength longevity main; and indeand pride, ihdependence lose the distinction between must never ills we the largely free fromand were There selfwilled lawlessness. independence and pendence and stubbornness,

that plague "civilized"man. Among is an independence that says "no"to an evil temptation. There is an indethe latter were named the degenerapendence that says "yes"to the doing of duty. There is an independence

tive diseases, also cancer, ulcer, that carries its own problems and troubles to the best of its ability. On the

arthritis, oral and dental diseases, other hand there is an independence that refuses to seek counsel or accept and many of the afflictions common advice or benefit by the experience of others. There is an independence

among us. It was not due to an that seeks truth, that doesn't fear to face it. And there is an independence

absence of the microorganisms that that clings to error because of appetites or convenience. The exercise of

afflict u and in part become a factor free agency is a Godgiven right, but anyorie who uses his independence in the cause of some of these illto ignore principles or truth or to live against the law is grossly misusing nesses. (They are present also in his independence. "These two things,"said William Wordsworth, "conthe areas where these people live.) tradictory as they may seem, must go together, manly dependence and

Rather it was something about their manly independence, manly reliance and manly selfreliance."4

living and eating and their way of life. From the high Andes to the Attributed to Shakespeare, by New Dictionary of Thoughts.

islands of the sea; from the frozen 2Caleb3John Ruskin,C. Colton,ModernLacon:Painters,Preface.iv, 1856.

north to sunbaked Africa; from the 4William Wordsworth (17701850), English poet.

interstitial valleys of the Swiss Alps "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia to the Scotch Hebrides he pursued Broadcasting System, April 26, 1964. Copyright 1964.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

K8SSSS

the two diets mentioned? Dr. Price bert appeared recently titled "Are

says: "It is of interest that the diets We Retrogressing in Science?"He

of the primitive groups which have made the statement, "Are we retroshown a very high immunity to dengressing in science? As a result of

tal caries and freedom from other specialization science is in a sensedegenerative processes have all proimpairing its own foundations. All 1 CONDITION

vided a nutrition containing at least too often it reverts to pure authorone room or your whole house four times the minimum requireitarianism, wherein we attend to the the rather than to as authorities of minerals and vitaminsments eviELECTRICALLY simple added.) dence."(Italics the disMy them; whereaswe know

placing nutrition of commerce, concomment: "How true!"And foods the proven way!

sisting largely of white flour prodand nutrition are no exception to ucts, sugar, polished rice, jams, this statement.

canned goods, and vegetable fats It seems to me that we might well have invariably failed to provide accept an ageold adage pronounced Whichever way you air even the minimum requirements. In by one who prescribed for and cared condition electrically, you'll

other words, the food of the native for the sick many centuries ago and enjoy these and many other

Eskimos contained 5.4 times as much whose "Oath"(of Hippocrates) we advantages:

calcium as the displacing foods of physicians have taken and have acFeel "Fresh as a Daisy"..

the white man, five times as much claimed for many years. Perhaps Rest Better... Sleep Better

phosphorus, one and onehalf times less wellknown than the "Oath,"is... Enjoy Filtered air.

to credited which him a statement iron, 7.9 times as muchas much for rates low Now: New natural is follows: as "Eat about 1.8 as times copmagnesium, much electricity air for conditioning

state,"so far natural in their foods iodine,per, as 49.0 times and much electric total in heating space or

to is It occurs feasible. this of fat as least ten times theat number me homes.

this to follow do well that might the Indians vitamins.soluble For we

far north of Canada, the native foods centuriesold advice. If it's electric,

provided 5.8 times as much calcium, it's better!

5 times as much phosphorus, 2.7

times as much iron, 4.3 times as

much magnesium, 1.5 times as much UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

copper, 8.8 times as much iodine,

and at least a tenfold increase in fat soluable activators. For brevity, PIONEER TO PIONEER

he applied the figures to calcium, BY LILITH LORRAINE phosphorus, magnesium, iron, and fat soluble activators in order. The ratio Let us look back one moment just

in the Swiss native diets to that in before the displacing diet was for calcium We close their timeworn, faith- 3.7, for phosphorus 2.2, for magillumined pages,

nesium 2.5, for iron 3.1, and for the To place the seal of love upon the

fat soluble activators at least tendoor fold. For the Gaelics in the HebriThat housed their bearded saints

..des, the native foods provided 2.1 and homespun sages. Special for

times as much calcium, 2.3 times as Let us acclaim them. They were

much phosphorus, 1.3 times as much more than man,

magnesium, and 1.0 times as much And more than woman, they who Reception Invitations, Napkins,

iron; and the fat soluble activators shared their labors; Albums, etc., featuring L.D.S.

were increased at least tenfold."They were creators, shaping God's temple designs. (Conventional

This is not the end of the quotation own plan, styles 100 for $5.95.) Write

but goes on to include the aborigines That throned his law above the for FREE catalog and samples.

of Australia, the New Zealand Maori, clank of sabres. (Catalog airmail for 25tf—Oakland Temple Designs)

the Melanesians, the Polynesians, the REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 83440 coastal Indians of Peru, the Indians They gave us freedom. We, their

of the Andes Mountains of Peru, the sons and daughters, cattle tribes in the interior of Africa, Must guard it well, nor ever let it the agricultural tribes in central die,

Africa, etc. A final quote follows: For we shall also drink of many

"All the above primitive diets,"states waters,

Dr. Price, "provided also a large In many a world, where our beSECRETARIALSCIENCE

increase in the water soluble vitaqueathments lie. DATAPROCESSING

mins over the number provided in Look back but once, and then forge MARKETINGACCOUNTING displacing modern diets."on unquaking. MANAGEMENTPERSONAL

DEVELOPMENT in article (139:884Science too are pioneers. Our dawn is An We INSTITUTE

for Free Write Catalog LDS breaking. 8,890, 1963) K. Hubby M. March

D. SAUNDERS MR. L

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

411 E. SO. TEMPLE - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

JULY 1964 605 ) ).

not able to handle such an extensive placed in the file. Persons interested

listing at the present time. in such information will be referred

Genealogy 2. You should list only those to you, at which time you can supply

searches that have provided inforthem with additional details of the ( Continued from page 579 mation relating to the pedigree. types of records involved.

However, you should register the D. How detailed should I he in

searches you are now carrying out listing the localities in which I have

B. Should I register with the PRS and those you plan to carry out in found pedigree information?

the many searches I have carried the near future. 1. The localities should be listed

out which did not produce informa- C. Should I list the types of recas town, county (or its equivalent),

tion pertinent to my pedigree? ords I have searched in the various state ( or country )

1. No. While details of these localities? (e.g. census, parish regis- 2. In certain areas, research will

searches would be of great value ter, etc. be carried out on a county basis. In

and while we may request such No. Only details of the surname, such cases, only the name of that

information at a later date, we are locality, and period of time will be county can be listed.

Example:

KHTiti'rranxK:

i;>nr.l>iEi..l ltn-

f.:",';':''; - ';;:::;::::,::;'::, - lis.Nl in lh i.r

| TIME. LOCALITYiNfi..l. PERIOD OF

SURNAME ON PEOIE.REE.,, PEOPLE ONCE BEGIN "WHEN, A-AAJCS ateENS ms Hershavj U VBRPOOL-

t>thl, xnsmo COPh CoPENHA&BH HAS/S&M..."

3 H.C. i%lolZ&o 5AMP5W DEVIATE RoYALU TO

I

aRICHARD 1. EVANS,. 1

yBesides "broadmindedness"and "independence,"of which we have spoken, "—

begin people once for that calls comment: "Whenthere is another word

to stop."III, "they where And George do not knowto deviate,"said King

to this Lord Byron added: "Ah! to what gulfs a single deviation from the

track of human duties leads!"2 Deviation in personal decisions has the

effect of setting standards aside. But apart from its effect on us there 3. Every effort should be made,

is always the question of the influence of our example on others: the examhowever, to determine the full

ple of parents on children, of teachers on youth, the influence of all whom locality identification of town, young people look to for leadership or whom they much admire. Adults, county (or its equivalent), state

parents, others, who have been reared with good teaching, good training, (or country).

and whose fundamental foundations are somewhat firmly fixed, may, at E. Should the name of localities

some point, depart a little from their own principles, deviate from standards, be abbreviated in any way?

relax a little in conduct, as they may call it, without being too much conYes, the standards of recording cerned. With them it is only a little lapse. But those who are young names of counties, states, and counand impressionable, those who are watching and feeling their way along tries detailed in section 14 of the

in life, see the example, the compromise, the temporary lapses, the deviation Genealogical Instruction M anual of those to whom they look for leadership, and may suppose that such should be followed.

letting down, such lapses don't matter too much. There is the oftquoted F. Some towns and parishes conuncertain if the "For give an trumpet sound, whoquestion from Paul: villages, hamlets, shall tain a number of

.. as more and himself.."3 This more pertinent becomes moreprepare I localities, should listing etc. When

and more young people are pondering the problems and looking for direclist these smaller areas in addition tion, for standards, for examples to follow, and then see a devious examto the name of the town or parish of ple, or hear an uncertain sound. If children can't follow parents, whom which they are a part?

can they follow? If youth can't rely on the conduct of adults, on whose No. List the name of the smaller

conduct can they rely? If they can't count on teachers or mature friends area only if the name of the town

for a proper pattern, upon whom can they count? Example has a way of or parish cannot be determined.

either farther. "Deviation from or to fall higher othersinducing to go

.."4 "is path.. said Any G. In many towns there is moretruth or duty,"Edwards, Tryon a downward

parish. ecclesiastical Should one than in cannot should good do should and whatdeviation be from we what we ecclesithese I include the names of see leadership, If others for to justified others us lookconscience be when the locality parishes as part astical of if sound, uncertain direction, they or hear an us from a deviousus move in

whom can they count on? identification?

No. In cases such as these, list

iGeorge III (17381820), King of England. only the name of the town. For ex2Lord3 1 Cor.Byron14:8. (17881824), English poet. ample if you have found pedigree

4Tryon Edwards (180994), American editor. information in the parish of St.

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Mary in the town of Liverpool, list

Broadcasting System, May 3, 1964. Copyright 1964. only the name of the town.

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Example: TO AN ADOPTED CHILD

BY ENOLA CHAMBERL1N. l\STIIHTinNS:ThrPirn—1>*rtvi* arRffffralmini. Srniif IWM.hl. I.i l ir L

You are to me the perfume of the flowers,

The flowers themselves, and everything that grows.

WIUTBR&BTHAM You are the brightwinged feet upon the hours,

The summer sunshine, and the winters snows.

You are what I have ached for in my heart

As I have ached for little else on earth.

You are my all of life, not just a part, birth. glory given which I was for The 7 obtain the forms can H. How

let breast, star are a upon down my reYou arid registrationnecessary for all to the years to me. hope come The of information?quest (s) for You are a love which makes my days full blest,

1. Registration forms are being The qll of what has been and what will be.

sent upon request through your stake You are my garment fitted without seams.

to bishops for distribution within You are the very essence of my dreams.

their wards.

2. "Request for Information"forms

will be distributed at a later date.

(See I, C-2.)

I. Part of my pedigree is Danish

which, of course, involves the use of patronymics. Should I irlter patrony- [THE "BROADMINDEDNESSmic names such as Hansen, Jensen, SPOKENWORD '

etc., in the surname colunih of the

registration form?

Yes, for any country in which patronymics were iie&, treat each RICHARD L. EVANS

patronymic the same as if it were a surname. "Broadmindedness"is a word that has much meaning and much to com-

..."said Alice in Lewis Carroll's Through J. Must I keep the Genealogical mend it. But "The question is

Glass, question "the Lookir\gSociety informed of any address the 1 different things."many We sometimesis whetherlet woro)syou runmakeawaywordswithmeanus. If,sochanges?

Yes, notification of any change* df for example, a Stream is allowed to run too "broadly"it may dissipate itself is It full effectively. of instead courses running devious shallow and

to Pediin the sentaddres shouldbe also is shallowness, so there that to possible for a "broad"person become of the Service Genegree Referral is fixed, fbr to stays that every breeze that nothing wide open the mind alogical Society. In the United blow through. It is good to be broad in understanding, but there is also

States, the yellow change of address need for depth. It is good to avoid narrowness, prejudice, to have an Open

form (POD Form 3573 ); available mind, but not so open that it doesn't discriminate, not so open that it

at any post office, should be used. spreads out all over without convictions or principles or judgment or depth

Individuals living in other countries or definition. "Broad"is only onS dimension. Tnere are others equally

should use the change of address essential. Concerning an obsession with one dimension, Emily Dickinson

forms available through their resaid: "He preached upon 'breadth'till it argued him narrow,—The broad

spective postal authorities. If a are too broad to define."2 One could conceivably become so indiscriminately

registrant has been notified of his "broad"that there would be no bounds to his thinking, no lines he wouldn't

PRS number, this number must be cross, no priiiciples he would be governed by, no direction he wouldn't go.

written boldly on the change of Iflikelya navigatorbe wrecked.were Ifsoa "broad"pilot were'as soto"broad"ignore astheto safefail tochannel,follow hethe wouldbeam,

address form. he would hazard his own life and other lives also. To broadness must

be added jildgment, depth, and definition, and direction—broadness that

Example: is straight and true, broadness that includes principles and standards and

character and cbmpeferlce. This would be our appeal to young people:

lives rule kind shallow let a falste your of "broadmindedness"Don't and let Wm / HOUSEMint ORNOTm—AMD LASTSTREET,NAMEAFT.fttSTNO.j OR BOX OR R. 0. MO. (Ir. canJEFfKTlVElUTEof) 'withdecisions. or determine ydur Never a word yourselves be run by

CITY, (67ZONE. ANDwesrSTATE C&ntbfz. 5r out looking at its several sides. Broadness can have much virtue, much

balance, strength, broadness broadness without much understanding—but,OR t6HiOD NO. (In can of) HOUSEANV7PW/A/MO. AND STKEfT. AfT. NO.j U>OR KM standards, broadness without judgment, without moral without

4743r, ZONE, ANO STAH RUPERT AVE. and character simply isn't safe. We should never become so "broad"qualitiesthat

-. jgtnl, inttud* titUt) principles are set aside.

CQMWETE OTHM Sty mm, BPO M—IS—71S1T-3 xLewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass.

2Emily Dickinson, Poems, part i., No. 64.

'"fhd, Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, April 19, 1964. Copyright 1964.

JULY 1964 607 Church Moves On approximately 80,000100,000 came Earl S. Utley and Lee A. Gould as

to the pavilion. The response in the counselors. They succeed President

(Continued from page 562) opening period has exceeded the Rulon S. Rasmussen and his counexpectations of the committee in selors Elders He)er J. Christiansen

charge of the pavilion. and Elton C. Roberts.

T. Bentley. President Beckham and Many of the wards and branches

Elder Smith were counselors to The First Presidency announced of the Church held appropriate

President Hales. the appointment of Elder WilMother's Day services.

Elder Phileon B. Robinson, Jr., ford H. Payne of Seattle, Washingsustained as second counselor in ton, as president of the Northeast jl The First Presidency announced

BYU Second Stake succeeding Elder British Mission succeeding President m the appointment of Elder TerWilliam R. Siddoway. President Grant S. Thorn. For the past year rence Leslie Hansen of Provo, Utah,

Clyde D. Sandgren presides here President Payne has been serving as president of the Central Ameriwith Elder Nephi K. Kezerian as on the Priesthood Missionary Comcan Mission, succeeding President O.

first counselor. mittee. He is a former president of Leslie Brewer. President Hansen as

Elders M. Carl Gibson and Dalian North Seattle and Seattle stakes, and a youth filled a SpanishAmerican

R. Clark sustained as counselors to has served as a member of a high mission. He is a professor of SpanPresident Fred A. Schwendiman of council, a bishop, and a counselor ish language and literature at

BYU Third Stake, succeeding Elder in a branch presidency. His wife, Brigham Young University and is

A. Harold Goodman and Elder GibMrs. Blanche Ellsworth Payne, will currently serving as bishop of BYU

son who was serving as second accompany him to his field of labor. 43rd Ward. He is a former memcounselor. The couple has seven children and ber of the high council of Mt. RubiElder William R. Siddoway sustwenty-one grandchildren. doux (California) Stake. His wife

tained as president of BYU Fourth The First Presidency announced Glenda Anderson Hansen and their

Stake with Elders Martin L. Miller the appointment of Elder George L. four children will go to the mission

and Howard H. Barron as counTurley as president of the West field with him.

selors. Mexican Mission, succeeding PresiElder A. Harold Goodman susdent Harold E. Turley, his cousin. The First Presidency announced

tained as president of BYU Fifth President Turley, the new appointee, the appointment of Elder G.

Stake with Elders Carl D. Jones and is currently serving as mission presiEugene England as president of the

Melvin J. Peterson as counselors. dent in the Juarez ( Mexican ) Stake. London Temple. He succeeds PresElder Wayne B. Hales sustained He has served as bishop of Juarez ident Selvoy J. Boyer who has preas president of BYU Sixth Stake, a Ward, as a member of a high counsided at that temple for six years.

stake planned predominantly for cil, and as a branch president. His President England, a member of the

married students. Elders Loftis J. wife, Mrs. Ritha S. Turley, will acPriesthood Genealogical Conference

Sheffield and Rulon G. Craven were company him to the mission field. staff, has been serving as second

sustained as counselors. counselor in the Salt Lake Temple

The original student stake in the [[ Elder Clifford J. Jones suspresidency since 1961. Mrs. EnglandChurch—Brigham Young University m tained as president of South will be the matron of the London

Stake—was organized January 8, Sevier (Utah) Stake with Elders Temple.

1956. There are other student stakes

and many student wards in the Church today.

Elder LaMar H. Stewart sustained CITY CHILD. LISTEN

as president of Gunnison (Utah)

Stake succeeding President Alvin R. BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

Barlow. President Stewart was serving as second counselor. Sustained City child, listen, and I will tell you

as counselors were Elder Avery T. Some of the country's ways and signs,

...Beck, who held that position in the Remember them always, keep them near you

old stake presidency, and Elder John A valley of promise before your eyes!

LaMar Larson.

Elder Samuel M. Davis sustained Wherever a lane of trees is forming

as president of Las Vegas North A cooling length in some quite barren place, (Nevada) Stake succeeding PresiThere will be a sheath of water, seeking dent William A. Taylor. Elders Its way to a river, and the sea's last grace.

Arden J. Sampson and James K.

Seastrand sustained as counselors. And when you hear a rooster crowing loudly

Elder Davis was first counselor and As cockily as though he owned the earth,

Elder Sampson was second counYou will know that it is nearing dawn or dusk.

selor to President Taylor. He is the trumpet of day's end and birth.

Approximately 30,000 people visited the LDS Pavilion at the New When you hear frogs croak metrically at night,

York World's Fair this Sabbath day. There will be ponds near; and the cricket's strum

The fair and the pavilion opened Will warn of summer's ending. Oh, my dear,

April 22. During the first week Before your child heart withers, hear... and come.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA July 1964 Marion D. Hanks lJlain\ (Moii

Something to bo gained BY MARION D. HANKS

"For behold, this life is the time for men to 'prepare to meet God; yea, behold the day of

this life is the day for men to perform their labors."(Amulek, in Alma 34:32.)

"Do any human beings ever realize life while they have it? Every, every minute?"

(Emily in Our Town by Thornton Wilder.)

Where and when do you do any serious thinking?

Maybe it would be better to speak of what I mean as solemn thinking, when we ponder and consider what life is really all about and where we fit into the scheme of things. We seem to be

able to do this best (maybe exclusively) when our hearts have been touched by some sweet spiritual emotion, sorrowful, joyful, or worshipful. At least, these are the times when

we get the right answers, because then our hearts are humble, for the Spirit can speak only to a humble heart.

littleA group of us—young and older—did a

of this kind of thinking today at a funeral.

The loved one being honored had lived a happy, full, productive life. She had been blessed with

fine talents and had developed them and shared them unselfishly with others.

She was vivacious, and she had the character which kept *&* that vivacity K.

within bounds.

6lO

She had suffered severe pain and physical the girlhood and school days of this lovely infirmity for many years but had grandmother, speaking of her beauty and grace, served the community and Church of her ability in music and speech and the and her choice family faithfully through it all. dance. (I sat wondering if her children and

Her children and grandchildren were there grandchildren had ever thought of her as having with loving friends at her funeral. This is one been young and vital and beautiful.)

of the things that got me thinking solemnly. I "She was vivacious,"he said, "and she had the

wondered if the children understood the important character which kept that vivacity within things being said. I hoped they did and wished bounds. She had lots of fun within the standards

that other young people could hear also. of the gospel."

One of the speakers mentioned some important This was the moment when I especially hoped qualities which the children of this wonderful that the grandchildren were able to understand, person had received through their mother. He and I wished that all other vivacious girls and

told us how hard she had worked and how much manly boys in the world could be there to hear she had sacrificed to teach them and train them and understand. Our faith and spiritual

and to give them the blessing of a sound imagination were stimulated to permit us to education, an acquaintance with beauty and look with the speaker to a future time of reunion truth, and a strong character. He said, when children and grandchildren again meet

"Many people think that one grand lecture on and associate with this sweet soul who had been how to behave should suffice, but this is not in her youth a beautiful, vital, talented girl.

enough. It is not the way of a good teacher, She had lived her life well, he reminded us, and

and it is not the way of life."had made her preparation to meet God. Her

That is a great thought for young people to descendants, "if they are willing to pay the consider and for parents and teachers and small price of following her pattern, as she leaders also. We don't "prepare to meet God"followed the pattern of the Master,"will

by listening to or delivering "one grand lecture"also be ready to meet God and their loved ones (or many of them), do we! It doesn't happen when this life is finished.

in an hour or a day. A wonderful lesson or sermon She was attractive and vital and popular—and

or conversation or book may help tremendously, "she had the character which kept that vivacity but character isn't formed in a high moment ivithin bounds!"Because of this her life was

of spiritual responsiveness or resolution. As wholesome and happy, and she passed on to her

the missionary Amulek told the Zoramites long descendants a wonderful heritage and a ago (read again the scripture in the headnote), glorious future.

our preparation requires performing, laboring. This is where a brief period of "solemn"

It involves prayer and pain and patience, service thinking took some of us today. Better than

and sacrifice, and a sense of responsibility. It ever before we understood what Amulek was

includes learning and repenting and following saying to the Zoramites. These people had

through; it demands tears and trying, fulfilment forgotten the purpose of life. They were

and some failure and frustration. It is living arrogant and selfish and selfcentered. They

usefully now as well as preparing to live were disobedient to the commandments of God.

fruitfully in the future. It is meeting the They were unkind, unthankful, impatient; they

"eternal everyday"with cheerfulness and cared nothing for the wellbeing and happiness courage and faith. It means learning to really of their fellow men. He was telling them that

care about God and our friends and family and they must change, they must repent, and they others. It is as the poet said must begin to do it now, today, this hour. "This

"Immortal life is something to be earned, is the first hour of the rest of your life,"he

By slow selfconquest, comradeship with Pain, was telling them, "and the first day."God wants

And patient seeking after higher truths. you to change. He will help you. Christ died

We cannot follow our own wayward wills, on a cross to give us the privilege of living

And feed our baser appetites, and give eternally with God. If we are to have that

Loose reign to foolish tempers year on year, blessing we must feel right about ourselves.

And then cry. 'Lord, forgive me, I believe!'Our "confidence must wax strong in the presence

And straightway bathe in glory. Men must learn of God."(D&C 121:45.) We must prepare

God's system is too grand a thing for that."and labor in this life. The way is clear, the

promise is marvelous, and the time is now.—Ella Wheeler Wilcox

Another speaker at the funeral helped us to think about the past and the future. He recalled

BY BETH BENSON

I'm in love. throughoutopera as welltheas concerts,city. plays, musicals, etc.,

I think one of the most important parts of to is learning to accept country a new theyI'm in love with peopleadjustingfor are. Too what many people

here, comparing Germany with America. One hasvjCrmSny, with the people come over here and spend all of their time

with missionary work, and with life. to remember that these people are not

These past four months have gone so fast—Americans; they are Germans with culture

guess because I've been so busy and so happy. and customs all their own. I have great

As I look back I think of the various socalled respect for the German people. They are very

adjustments I had to make to live in Germany. seriousminded. When they get together they

The time change is always a big problem, and, don't talk about chitchatty things, but rather of course, the language. The German people are about ideas. At Christmas time when most

so pleased when one puts forth an effort to people joke about wanting a sports car from learn their language. Santa, the Germans very seriously wish for

Frankfurt is really a beautiful city. It is full good health and happiness and peace.

of parks and large gardens. The Main River Perhaps this seriousness is due to the fact

goes right through the city. The architecture that the children grow up so quickly here.

is lovely and ornate. There are wonderful Most schooling is ended at age fifteen, and

cultural opportunities here. There is a beautiful then they are expected to learn a vocation and

new opera house and almost nightly there is work and live in an adult world. If they do

choose to continue their schooling, they go to a gymnasium until they are seventeen. This is

equivalent to our high school and about two years of college. Then they can go to the

university if they qualify.

The girls never wear bobby sox anywhere. Only

the smallest children wear them. They are

never very flashy in their clothes, always using conservative colors and styles. However, in

the summer it is common to see young girls and women on the street in their native costumes.

Little boys wear lederhosen all summer.

I notice that many of the girls and boys age twelve to eighteen like American things. They

know all of the hit tunes from America. The very

ultimate for a German girl is to have a charm bracelet with an American quarter or dime on it.

Beth and her missionary companion, Luwana Johnson, take notes in trading book.

Mormons in Germany like food as well as Mormons anywhere and bring their most delicious foods to

MIA functions.

Strolling a street in THE IMPROVEMENT ERA downtown Frankfurt is an education in itself.

The German people have many simple, yet sonice We had the roadshows here last month for the customs. For instance, cut flowers are used a first time.

great deal here for almost any occasion. Right now we are practising for the dance

Whenever invited to dinner into a home festival that is coming up soon. The dance fest

you always take flowers for the hostess. The will be part of a threeday youth conference.

longer the stem of the flower, the more formal The branch doesn't have much money, and the occasion. When greeting someone at the decorations and refreshments for the Gold and

airport, you always bring flowers for the guest. Green Ball must be homemade. This year's

Flowers are used so much that they even have theme was "Ship Ahoy!"Part of the decorations

coin machines for flowers in airports and train was a large fish net draped from the ceiling.

stations and along the street. It was most impressive. Later I found out that

Whenever you drop in to visit a lady in her the Young Men's activity counselor had made it home, she will invite you in and seat you and by hand just for that dance. It had 1800

then she will change into her nicest clothes knots in it!

before visiting with you. The Church does not have the prestige here it

You never go to a German home without having does in the United States. It is not as well

a big appetite. When visiting, you can always known. Much is being done to change this,

expect to be fed. The German people have a however. Just last month a German TV station

continual "tea time"and they just don't came to the mission home to begin filming a have light snacks. short on the Church in Germany. Building

Handshaking is an important custom over here beautiful chapels is one good means of and not just in the Church. The men usually gaining recognition.

make a bow when shaking a lady's hand, and One of the most wonderful experiences I could the little children always curtsey. have is to be a fulltime missionary. The

The branches here are much smaller than the happiness that comes from sharing the gospel wards at home, but that doesn't stop the Saints. with others is truly great. Mission conferences

are good morale boosters. Just to meet with

fellow missionaries and come to the realization that you are not alone and that there are hundreds of missionaries doing the same thing that you are makes you feel good. I have never

in my life heard singing like the singing when over 200 missionaries get together. Everyone

is filled with the spirit of the work and happy to be a part of it. (Continued on following page)

Lederhosen aren't often worn by girls, but Handmade fish netting with 1800 knots tied by

Beth and her new friend model them for church members was attention getter at the ball.

the photographer.

JULY 1964 613 It is a good feeling to know that the Church is the same no matter where one goes. Oh, the

people may be different—they may have different

customs and cultures—but the priesthood is the

same and the organization is the same. 1 suppose

the thing that makes me the happiest is the feeling that I am truly a part of the work over here. Germany is my home now. I'm not just

a visitor any more.

Ping -Pong is part of the sport Frankfurt youth enjoy on MIA activity night.

Joe Roller, MIA activity counselor in Frankfurt describes decorations at the Gold and Green Ball.

Even in the rain, trading to spread the truth of the gospel is happy business.

Skits for laughs are enjoyed by MIA youth in Beth Benson

Germany. strolls the

bridge over the It's a friendly custom to take fresh River Main in flowers to one's hostess. I Germany

hunts for it there. If we truly value our lives,

we must put them to work in the service of

Excerpt from a letter to Bishop Elon Hanson, Grant our Heavenly Father. This gospel contains

Third Ward, from Elder James F. Pratt, French the light of life. We must walk by that light,

Polynesian Mission, Papeete, Tahiti. not close our eyes to it—not when a wonder such

as this is within our grasp.

30, Janvier, 1964 If we could realize the preciousness of the short span of our existence in this world, we would

I want to send my deepest thanks to all in the not waste our time trying to amass useless ward who have been a help to me in so many ways. worldly goods and valueless titles and offices

I am thankful for this mission. No university in the world. We would realize that these have

experience on earth could compare with it. I am no ultimate reward in themselves, and no

grateful that I had the good fortune to make the satisfaction, and we would aim directly at the only right decision. Thank you personally, Bishop really important objectives—the ones that will

Hanson, for not pressuring me. You let me bring us into happy, constructive relationships

have the honor of making that decision by myself. with ourselves, our fellow men, and our

It is my sincere testimony to the young people Father in Heaven.

of the ward that this mission is the most God bless you, marvelous blessing of my life. I shudder to think

of what I might have missed, even though the James Pratt things I might have chosen seemed so appealing at the time. No young Latterday Saint should

set a course for his life which leaves out the Elder James F. Pratt, now serving as mission secretary

blessing of service in the Church, and especially in the French Polynesian Mission at Papeete, Tahiti, in the missionary cause. He would be cheating City.is the Heson wasof Mr.a Nationaland Mrs.MeritLeGrandScholarB. Pratt,finalist,SaltwonLake

himself. I've found true happiness in a place the Bausch and Lomb Honorary Science Award, and

honors awarded the at was at entrance University life will before. looked neverwhere I had My

Utah. the his 1963, of middle In March junior year of the benever again same. the one And I was at the university, called to he the was French Polynesian

who thought he knew what he was doing! Mission. In addition to his other activities, Jim did

True happiness is not to be found in the ways of charcoalby AlexanderillustrationsChisholm,fora The584pageOld Chisholmbook whichTrailwas the mundane world, no matter how hard one released June 1.

AV

r>Sfc- V yfjSA \

s&yfc; v# iifji f tmmm iim

Do you have Faith in Faith?

By Ann Nicholls Madsen

Did you ever try to unravel the ofttold tales of a recently returned missionary to see how his mission changed him? He talks

a lot about faith and how his grew.

What is faith and how does it grow? If you

haven't got it, can you get it?

The pattern of faith in the missionary's life began the day he decided to go.

He accepted the call.

He went. (Not without misgivings often.)

He grew—his faith began to grow.

How does it happen? What is there in

missionary life to cause faith to blossom?

First he accepted the call to serve. He had

faith in the living prophets. He had faith

in his own destiny and in the direction his parents had led him. He chose to be

concerned with building the kingdom by helping others to see the truth rather than ringing himself up the social register. The

Lord honors us as we choose the right.

rfl The pattern of ill faith in the missionary's fflii II-- (I I 1 life began the day he Hi iff I i f 1 fit ill I til decided to serve. 'fll 1 ili i: lit s ill r -

51 i< lis 11.i h|Ii!

Ill

; SirP III"

? I

He was sincere in his desire to serve and the Book of Mormon? (Moroni 10:4-5.) I

found he could not serve without did. That's how I first found out for sure

communicating with him whom he had come that prayer is answered. Try it. It's worth a

to serve. He prays—not "says his prayers"sincere, sustained effort. Remember to be

but really prays. He thinks God will hear patient and, like the missionary, learn to

him and help. And he does. His first praying hear the answer even though it may not be

is unsteady and accompanied by only "a just what you had in mind. Send the

particle of faith."(Alma 32:27.) Faith "telegram"and know that the answer

based on experience now characterizes his will come.

prayers, and soon he prays, knowing the 3. He found the scriptures. Yes, they had

answer will come. been there all along but he finally found

He turns to the scriptures (missionary's them. You can, too! How acquainted are

required reading) as to an old friend, you with Jesus Christ? How many minutes

having heard them since childhood. This a day would it take to read the New Testament

time they come alive. Prophets speak from and the eleventh chapter of 3 Nephi totheir pages—men who in their own time better know him this month. Read it

sought and found faith. He memorizes prayerfully, and you will know what it feels

meaningful passages. As an elder said like to have the Holy Ghost bear witness

recently, "All at once the scriptures to your soul that it is true.

make sense."*

Faith is power. You can have that power

Let's examine quickly the changes in the in your life noiv. Don't wait until you are

missionary as he fans the flame of faith a missionary to learn what faith can do in into a fire. His pattern can work for you your life. YOU are a child of God. You are

whether you are a missionary or not. The away from him for a time. You are here

power to do is in doing. Faith includes in a body to learn to have FAITH in him

action... so act now if you would gain faith. through a veil. He waits to teach you, but

the door to him. Faith is the 1. He learned to serve. Do you choose to YOU must open

serve, to help as callings come? Has the door. As you gain faith you will gain

Primary president asked you to substitute Power... faith has moved mountains

teach lately? Could the scoutmaster use an and parted seas....

assistant? Are you too "busy"doing other Knowledge... which can come only after

things to do the right things? Then you faith....

must yet learn to serve willingly and... which is synonomous with truth.... wherever asked, if you would gain faith. Light

Total dedication is the goal, and it is not Selffulfilment... the unfolding of your

reached in one giant step. Godsired nature which are the

2. He learned to pray. He found a Father fruits of faith.

who knew him better than he knew himself.

Do you have as much faith in your prayers as you do in an aspirin tablet? You're

sure the headache will subside after the pill. Are you as certain of the results of

praying? Do you "talk"to our Father about

the things that mean most to you, not just the parts of your life that sound nice and neat, but the deepdown aches that you seldom face? Have you taken Moroni at

his word and asked about the truth of

*This missionary's favorite happened to be

Romans 8:1618. Do you know it?

After a talk by a missionary who was passing through London on his way from New ZealandInternational to his home in California, we were all asked to introduce ourselves. The first to do so was

from France. The second came from Argentina.Fireside The third from India. The fourth from ItalyBY DAVID WILKINSON and the fifth from the United States. When the

this is returning Wilkinson summer homeDavid after sixth said he was from England, we all laughed. scholar. University as a Rhodestwo years at Oxford

He is a graduate of Brigham Young University and We had begun to wonder if there were any varied University. David'sstudied at Harvard educational English at all at this fireside. School to the Loomisexperiences have also taken him

in Windsor, Connecticut, and Clifton College in The introductions continued. Canada, Bulgaria,

student. a scholarshipBristol, he where England, was South Africa, Burma, New Zealand, and Kenya States, he will to the finish United returnsWhen he

a degree in law. David served a German mission. He were also represented. Several were there

has been a counselor in the Oxford Branch during his from parts of the European continent. We

stay in England. He is the son of Dr. Ernest L.

Wilkinson, former BYU president and Unified Church counted them up. Sixteen countries were

School System Chancellor, and Mrs. Wilkinson, represented from all of the world's six continents.

And we were a group of only forty.

The Hyde Park Ward of the London, England, It seemed that all of us had accents, but we

Stake is located in the heart of one of the world's spoke the common language of the gospel.

largest cities. London has changed drastically Here w/ere people from all over the world

since Queen Victoria reigned over a worldwide each with a testimony of the same gospel, born empire in Buckingham Palace, not very far not of national custom but of the single from where the chapel now stands. Yet this Spirit of God which bears witness to men of all

great city still has a magnetic force which kindreds, tongues, and peoples. As we told the

attracts people from all corners of the earth. stories of our conversion to The Church of

Thus the Hyde Park Ward stands as beacon Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints at that fireside, to "every kindred, tongue, and people."certain characteristics, common to us all, seemed

I had been studying at Jesus College, Oxford, to emerge. Of course, no two conversions were

some fifty miles away, but had come to London exactly alike, just as no two of us were exactly to spend the holidays. I found myself, like alike. We came from greatly varied linguistic,

most LDS visitors to London, attending economic, religious, and national backgrounds.

meetings of the Hyde Park Ward. There Though we had differences, our testimonies

was a fireside for young people following the were similar. We had prayed to a common

Sacrament service and so I tagged along. Father, each in his own language,

About forty of us, mostly members, crowded each having a desire to know the truth, each into a cozy "flat"or apartment. asking specifically whether this Church was

indeed restored by God. The words we used

or the language we spoke was not important.

What was important was that the same Spirit bore witness to us, individually, in different ways, but unmistakably.

* N 2>*aPrr * *

0S \*T\ 618 v***?*V

I had known before that the gospel was an international affair. At no time before this

fireside had this fact so impressed me. That

evening I thought of how Peter must have felt when he first realized that the gospel should be preached to gentile as well as Jew. I learned

too that "... God is no respecter of persons:

"But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him."

(Acts 10:3435.)

s

":i '

- Vy& ot notij && a

Youth, have you ever thought much Why not a triangle?

about squares? Well, you can see..

Have you ever thought about being one? he's just not all there. And who

Let's take a moment and see just what wants to be squares mean to you and me.... a pinhead?

What is a square?

He's a leader and a follower, a servant and a giant

When he's right and it makes him different, he likes being different and it's his aim to help others think like him.

He's sometimes a "chicken"because he doesn't drink or smoke or neck or pet or cheat or tell stories just because the gang does.

He has clear and active imagination and doesn't Why not an octagon?

want to go do the old He's just got himself into a mess of common things like too many sides and hasn't time to parking or hotrodding. become good at anything,

He thinks of new and fun and clean things to do with all the guys and gals that are grownup enough to want to too.

He knows what's ahead, what the future holds in store for him, and he's willing to pay the price to reach

it.

He's a good, strong, active Latterday

Saint and loves every minute of it and what it means to be him.

He's just what you want to be!

H* #

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By James I Christensen

Why not a rectangle? His entire life was lived to

He's always stressing one side of things accomplish what the Savior more than the other. wanted him to accomplish

and every power he possessed...

was directed for that.

Did he question whether or not he should share the gospel with his friends?

Did he think he was working too hard for the Lord?

Did he shrink from opposition and quit, or did he rise up and glory in it to greater heights?

Youth, is there an example here, to be followed? You bet your

"square little lives"there is.

Are we as strong today as the pioneers of yesterday?

Brigham Young said, "There is no such thing as sacrifice,"and even had the Saints omit it from their vocabulary.

Your leaders, those close to you, and many on the other side are hoping and praying in your behalf, Youth. Now you live a life that will

make those prayers come true.

These qualifications and many others glow deep within the kind of person you are or should become.

Joseph Smith was this kind of square. He was

different, and many of the people who were once his friends never let him forget it.

Many times over he was labeled names unheard-of (we'll just use "chicken") because he would not change what he knew was right just to "belong"to a group of people who would and did attempt to extinguish the truth he knew was so.

JULY 1964 621 guitar numbers preceded an evening of ballroom dancing with music by the "Mormon 5."Conversation

Spiritual sessions were built around the theme "How can we demonstrate to the world that wePiece are Youth of the Noble Birthright?"

BY ELAINE CANNON

From around the Church comes news of youth conferences, fellowshiping fun, disc parties and dance demonstrations, symposiums and seminary activity, music fests, and the good word that

LDS youth are involved in growing in the gospel, growing in skills and leadership ability. How

does your area compare with these?

MissionaryMinded DistrictDrama wasYouthincludedConference,in the activitiesMontevideo,of theUruguay.Capital

Missionaryminded seminary students of the

Santa Monica IIIBrentwood seminary class have achieved a noteworthy record in bringing new members into the fold—eight before the

close of the season. A breakfast, a parents'class,

a dinner dance, a fellowshiping session were conducted under the direction of class officers

Scott Atherly, Sue Razee, Julianne Cook, Diane

Myers, Tish Blessing. James W. Geddes is

the instructor.

Tropical songs and South American rhythm instruments delighted youth participating in the MIA

Youth Conference in Uruguay.

Teen Elect

Lehi Palmer had an idea for the youth in his stake. He shared it, and it was built upon by

his associated MIA workers. Now youth in

Missionary - minded California youth are Scott Maricopa (Arizona) Stake are excited about the

Atherly, Sue Razee, Julianne Cook, Diane Myers, MIA Teen Elect. Virginia Shelley teaches

Tish Blessing. ballroom dancing and social etiquette to boys and

girls in two age groupings. It's an impressive

sight to see a remarkable program that carries

South American Session over into other areas of a teen's life. All in

this Arizona stake agree that the program is

Chartered buses transported LDS teens in successful. The weekly sessions are nodate

Montevideo, Uruguay, to a peaceful swim resort affairs in the afternoon. Teens come in their

for a youth outing. Athletics, an openair theater Sunday best (including white gloves for the

production, native dances, and the traditional girls and shined shoes for the boys)! A special

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA program and a certificate of award for their interest in everything from airplanes to successfully completing the course tops off jazz bands and proved it with unusual the season. demonstrations. Spiritual sessions featured

President Harvey L. Taylor, acting chancellor

of the Church Unified School System; D. James

and Elaine Cannon, Church Coordinating

Committee; Ross Taylor, YMMIA General

Explorer Committee.

Music to Remember

Two thousand voices from seven stakes thrilled the 1214 in groupDancers of Arizona's famed and thousands of spectators in the Long Beach, TeenElecteffective are Karen Cope, John MIA

Lane, Juli Mclntire, Ricky Shumway. Mary Anne California arena. The 1964 music festival is

Burgoyne, Steve Osborn, Susan Richardson, and still being talked about by the participants andSteven Scow.

the public. Mormon talent who have won

fame in the entertainment world were featured,

Explorado including Roberta Shore, the Clinger Sisters, the King Sisters, and the Yovail Dancers.

LDS Explorers of Region 18 (Arizona, Western

Texas, and Mexico) welcomed the crowds and people thronging through theimpressed exhibits Boston Basketball this spring.in their first Explorado annual

Stan Miller, chairman of the steering committee, Proof that the MIA athletic program is a presided at events. The Explorers demonstrated powerful missionary tool lies in

the story of Ernest Lawes and Bill Kindl of

Boston Stake in Boston, Mass.

It was through this activity under the direction of Supt. John Schreiner

that a friend was converted and baptized into the church:

Arizona Explorers prove a point about attitude as they mask their faces with typical teen expressions.

Mesa Mia Maids serenade Explorers during the "Glamor Panel"evening of a three day Explorado.

Boston Stake YMMIA Supt. John Schreiner, center,

works on basketball plays with Ernest Lawes and

Bill Kindl.

Stan Miller helps Carla Cannon on with her coat during a "howto-doit-right"session.

JULY 196-4 623 The Last Word

If you confer a beneThere is so much good in the worst of us fit, never remember it; And so much bad in the best of us,

if you receive one, That it's rather hard to tell which of us never foraet it.—Cicero Ought to reform the rest of us.

Vacant lots and vacant minds are dumping grounds for rubbish.

Those who live in the Lord never The best part of religion—Gentlesee each other for the last time. ness, cheerfulness, neighborliness.

The sweetest sounds to mortals given Everything is funny as long as

, The I lliterate Digest—WilliamAre heard inGoldsmithMother, BrownHome, and Heaven. -Willit is Rogershappening to somebody else.

If youth be a defect, it is one that we outgrow only too soon.

Tourists can tell it was a Satire will always be unscenic spot if the scenery pleasant to those that deis now mostly tourists. serve it. Thomas Shadwell

The joyfulness of a man proRemember when the banana leaves longeth his days. (Eccl. 30:22.) the bunch he always gets skinned.

It is my joy of life to find At every turning of the road, The strong arm of a comrade To help me with my load.

And since I have no gold to give,

And love alone must make amends,

My only prayer is, while I live, "God, make me worthy of my friends."

If the Amoco 120 doesn't do what we say, the guarantee says what we'll do.

We say an AMOCO 120 Super Tire outdoes every other tire we've tested, and we've tortured tires by the truckload.

We make the AMOCO 120 to outrun them. Outwear them. Outlast them. We're so sure it will, we wrote the strongest

tire guarantee you've ever read. (This one, you can understand.) We put no time limit to adjustments on road hazards

or quality. None. The first 24 months, we give you a choice between adjustment on time or tread wear. We expect

you'll take whichever favors you. If you wear out an AMOCO 120 in two years (just try!), we'll prorate it on a new one.

Who honors our super guarantee on AMOCO 120 Super Tires? Thousands of American Oil dealers,

nearly everywhere. You ex pect more from American—and you get it. Your AmericanAMERICAN OIL COMPANYOil Dealer (American

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

It's funny how you look back at little things along the way... I wrote the insurance

on Alma Steadman (he wasThe journey my uncle). I remember how

that never began doggedit took effortme nearlyto convincea yearhimof that he needed additional coverage.

Uncle Alma was a successful dentist in Salt Lake City.

One Saturday he took advantage of a day off to visit relatives. His family was waiting

in the car in the driveway as their father walked across the lush, green lawn to put the hose in a spot that was catching too much sunlight. As he

stooped to grasp the sprinkler, he keeled forward, the victim of a fatal heart attack.

Uncle Alma's one premium of $416.00 returned to his wife

and family $15,000 in proceeds, a very substantial and necessary income for those he left behind.

That's the wisdom and the miracle of life insurance!

From the Beneficial Life files.

All names have been changed.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H.- Smith, Pres.\Q/ Salt Lake City, Utah

Over 600 million dollars of life insurance in force.