9 IMPROVEMENT

/. El

. m

t> &x #**

v". 'r'v 1: iv:

MARCH 1950.

There's always more hot water with

What a comfort to have all the hot water you want—steaming forth at

faucet the turn of a—with never a MINIMUM RECOMMENDATIONS FOR

its cost! about worry NORMAL HOT WATER REQUIREMENTS You can—with a modern "gas autoNUMBER NUMBER STORAGE CAP'Y

matic,"properly fitted to your home BATHROOMS BEDROOMS GALLONS (see chart, right). 1 1 or 2 30

Choose a gas automatic water heater 1 3 or 4 40 for its speed, dependability, long life 2 2 or 3 40 r and economy. Enjoy up to three times

as much hot water per dollar of oper- 2 4 or 5 50 A ating cost! 3 3 50 /ft

3 or 4 4 or 5 75/

See Your Gas Appliance Dealer, Plumber, Heating Contractor or..

MOUNTAIN FUEL. SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving an EverIncreasing Number of Customers Since 1929 a EBCPLOAIMS:

XWSViM'f5 By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. HL PURITY

it Tn the Bible Amos (6:1, 4) spoke:

that are at ease to them "Woe do my baking ivory."that beds of. lie upon Modern...

archaeologists have found carved ivory at one which is Samariaornaments s.*.: <* = <<s.&&>*>*5*Zte* preached. Theplace where Amosivory inlay of the ceremonial bed of 6

at the the king of Damascus,Hazael. t**Pz Elisha, oftime what shows Amos to<&*'tfjflmeant.

A n electricpowered deodorizer has been developed which uses dry cakes. It is designed to scent any GIRL. She knows thatplace where odors need treatment. Its OMART

small size, seven by four and oneit doesn't pay to bake cookies at half inches, makes it suitable also for the home. home—not when she can buy

Asa substitute for soap in some parts TOWN HOUSE Chocolate Drop of America the berries of Sapindas saponaria (soapberry) are used, while Cookies at so low a price.*

the bulb of Chlorogalium pomeridianberries the of Limoniaium and in CaliTOWN HOUSE Cookies by similarly are usedacidissima fornia and Japan. Purity are always perfectly baked,

Y\R Gerard P. Kuiper of the Uniperfectly delicious. Purity knows

versity of Chicago has a new hypothesis on the origin of the solar how.

system. This new theory has the sun

condensing from a vast rotating cloud *A cellophaneprotected of interstellar dust many years ago. carton of TOWN HOUSE

The balance of the cloud kept spinCookies is usually priced ning around the sun faster and at 47c. Cartons average

faster until it shrank and flattened into 34 cookies apiece. That

a relatively dense ring of solid partimeans these delicious cles, finally breaking into eddies which cookies cost only 16 2 3c fused into planets. There was an ac- a dozen.

cumulation and fusion of cold particles instead of the hot gases of some theories.

p\R. Clarence A. Mills has pointed

out that livestock do not develop as rapidly when it is difficult for them to get rid of their body heat. To raise

a steer to the choice one thousand pound slaughtersize in Iowa or Illinois takes twelve to fifteen months, but two and onehalf to three years in Louisiana and four to five years in Cuba,

Panama, or Colombia. This is the

maximum size in tropical heat, but in

Iowa or Illinois the steer will grow to double this weight. Hogs take fifteen

months in Panama to reach the two hundred pound slaughtersize which in

Iowa would only take six to seven months. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix

MARCH 1950 161 300 REVERSAL n ASIA #; 4.tK KOLOB

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Head of Political Science Department

University of Utah

HPhe Chinese Empire was closed to saw organized Chinese reaction (the wi foreigners until 1842. The "openBoxer rebellion) to European inroads.

ing"of China, first to commercial (The "boxers"were socalled in EngBRING THE WESTS intercourse, then to western penetralish because their Chinese name of a tion, came in that year by British canpatriotic society was translated as "the non fire. Portugal (1516), Spain Society of Harmonious Fists.") At

SERVICE (1575), Holland (1604), England long last the Chinese were awakening (1637), the Americas (1784), had to the fact that they had been reduced

TO YOUR previously come by water to gain ento a position of subordination to

HOME TOWN trance. Russia, by land, made the foreigners. The Boxer uprising was

and American European put by down the first with treaty China, modern the community AgentThe KOLOB renationalism but Chinese troops, in regulat1689, of Nerchinsk Treaty to serve isyour infriendliest man town—readyin yourefficiently at low insurance and need itselfevery revolution in the great expressed in frontier affairs at their ing common Intermountain the representscost, he because

the dethroning 1911, of Manchu the of Agency. Insurance Asia. General northcentral largest BecauseWest's

stockStrong Company fair insistence of the western traders, dynasty whose sovereignty had slowly of claims. policies—promptsettlement

Chinese officials came to believe that been eaten away by European powers the peoples of the outside world were since 1842.

dependent on China. Even in later Since 1911 China has been struggling

years of the nineteenth century, proud to find herself and reorient her political ambassadors of Queen Victoria were life in a Europeanized world. In 1915,

FRANK SALISBURY. Mgr. escorted in formal processions to after previous success in Korea, while

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City Peking, accompanied by banners conthe European states were locked in

taining Chinese inscriptions. One such world war, Japan made "twentyone

proud diplomat upon arrival exclaimed demands"on China which were parto his aide that it was "most fitting tially recognized by the U.S. in the

and appropriate"for the Chinese so to LansingIshii agreements of 1917.

acknowledge the greatness and dignity However, the ending of war demonof the British race. Imagine his constrated that Japanese hegemony in

sternation when his aide explained that Asia was undesirable to the U.S., so

the banners preceding Her Majesty's the Washington conferences of 1921plenipotentiary contained the legend: 22 attempted to undo the Lansing-

"Ignorant barbarian comes to pay Ishii agreements, force Japan from a tribute to the Emperor."dominant to a comparable role, while

Japanese time recognizing at the same European By 1895 nations—British,

Asiatic in her interests""primary Russian, French, Dutch, German, inrevived Also and neighborhood. penetrated so China Portuguese—had

"territorial inthe sisted upon was that her sovereignty had been virtually replaced by that of the European tegrity of China"—which to us meant

powers in their respective zones and Japanese withdrawal from Shantung spheres of influence. The U.S. had province and other regions penetrated

Here's how you can no such zone or sphere, but was during the world war. The Japanese

get your car and a mightily interested in maintaining U.S. had a different idea, emphasizing the

FREE VACATION tradesuanceprivileges.of the famousThis led"Opendoor"to the iswordstheir "primary"we had interests.recognized regarding

for less than the denotes by American Secretary of State During a decade and a half of livered price of the car! John Hay in 1899. The Americans by anarchy, 191 l r 1926, Dr. Sun Yatsen

that year had become a PacificAsiatic formed a political party, the KuominOrder your car from your home power by dint of "opening"Japan tang, hoping, to unite China under a town dealer... have him arrange ( Commodore Perry steamed into republican government. His young

faefor at the to take delivery you Kaishek, Chiang 3, 1853), and brotherin-law,.. Bay, July Yokohama H

factory tory. to the Greyhound Go trained of and developed the acquisition by

save city, and enough to the army. Kuomintang's Philippine the and pay for Guam

sightseeing pleasant: your -highway After beSun's death, Spain. Islands from Out-

L trip! Ask your Greyhound Agent of these circumstances tween 19261928, Chiang

for full information today. crystallized the U.S. conquered most of China

their ancient provinces, "territorial integrity GREYHOUND'-DVft,R'.''.- L IN LE ANDS. policythe of insisting upon except the northern

. capital.of Peking, and of China."

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES The same year, 1899, (Concluded on page 233) INC. PACIFIC STAGES, and UNION

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ABSOLUTELY FREE

The Greatest Story Everlbld br Fuuon <w-

The sublime story of Jesus told in a way that makes you feel as ifyou were there

MM mmBm>mMm

WHY THE

milyR&dwj Qui MAKES THIS UNUSUAL OFFER Throughout the centuries, the wonderful story of Jesus has brought inspiration and sublime happiness to untold millions. Its divine message is

lV*J\ llk* foreveroften told,new,buteverlastinglyperhaps the beautiful.most inspiringIt hasandbeenaccurate version ever written, outside of the Bible

itself, is this new masterwork by Fulton Oursler.

Simply and reverently, everywhere true to the Gospels, he faithfully unfolds the timeless story, bringing Jesus and those whose lives were entwined with

His excitingly close to you. Here, indeed, is a read-

?-u\twforevering experienceby everytomemberbe deeplyof yourenjoyedfamily,and cherished

i publication, Since Greatest Story Ever "The lslt|1 lZwmm 4r 'k** lists. has been high on bestseller Now, H Told"

to introduce you to the Family Reading Club, you may have your copy ABSOLUTELY FREE.

\Read the details of this unusual offer below!

Endorsed by Leaders of All Faiths "Every 50 years or so a truly great 'Life of Christ'appears. In my opinion, this is one of the

greatest. -DR. NORMAN VINCENT PEALE

"I wish to commend you very highly for this contribution to religiousMSGR.literature."FULTON J. SHEEN

"This book belongs on the top shelf of the home library of America."-DANIEL A. POLING.

Christian Herald BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT BIG SAVINGS Mail This Coupon I selections these four Reading Including Family founded to each they buy. Club was The I

to select thus for save Books, up family—books the whole members Bonus books

I 50% ABSOLUTELY"THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD"interesting are worthwhile, which the and enterreceive they books from on the Club

I FAMILY CLUB, taining DEPT. 3ER READING sensational. Each being without Mail Send Coupon No Money—Just MINEOLA, YORK NEW selects of Editors our one Board book month I

the at riease no mail coupon. once send of a Send copy me money—just Greatest "The Story We the submitted from pubby many among Ever absolutely free Told"reserve a and in membership I will of Greatest send copy your you "The it can one most book recommend the in Family Reading Club If name. I lishers—the my do not wish

join I the will cancel at at this Club once, the Ever Story reservation and Told"same within 10 I to enthusiastically are always members. These

after receipt todays of free Book. enroll Otherwise my me will reserve a in time your membership we that pleasure can be read with books by as a and send member each month me a of review I the

Club's selection, forthcoming I story which of the the After accept reject have or read you name. may of every that the can family—books member

I as choose. are There no membership or fees, dues i only if to cancel Club, Reading Family wish you all, will that discussed prized the by be become I accept of a four minimum requirement—if join—to

selections Club during the coming is tell twelve so. reservation, at only months merely I us your There library volumes.

each, $1.89 plus postage handling. and a I As member part to obligation accept your on no memberto will entitled be a free Bonus with selecBook four each i Club Save Members How 50% I tions accept. copy The Greatest "The Story Ever Told"join, or not whether your ship—and you copy

is to mine free keep I or not whether the join Club. If I to join the—Family decide—of Reading you is this great of book FREE.

will receive the Club's of review Club, you Mr. I If in believe a club appeals you which book

Mrs is It selection the forthcoming each month.

finest instincts to the I of every of the member Miss Print) (Please to a for accept a not member book let family, to us introduce the Family you I entire four during each an year necessarymonth—only sending Reading by Greatest Club you "The to retain instead of membership. And, pay- 9 Story Ever together the Told,"with comto for ing each purchased, $3.50 book $2.75 City I story plete of the the Club. Mail coupon now, only a pay members each—plus $1.89 few

if Age as free to the of copies distributed number be | cents for handling. postage addition and In Occupation 21 under

is this in limited way to this great saving, receive a members free Same price in Canada: 105 Bond St., 2, Toronto Ont.

Bonus Book of the same high quality with FAMILY READING CLUB MINE0LA, NEW YORK

MARCH 1950 163 icia t \yraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lhurch of

deSHA Lkridt

of c?LatteFclai4 Dalnts

r**s c*J c>J r*J VOLUME 53 /V NUMBER 3 \tJi 1950 r*J

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS THE COVER

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON One of the world famous shows of

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. nature each spring is the bursting forth

"Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD - Art Director: NELSON WHITE of the Japanese cherry blossoms around

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM the Tidal Basin, Washington, D. C. The

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER - SIDNEY B. SPERRY photograph is by Horydczak.

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

FLOWER FLAME By Gwen Travis

The Editor's Page T-Jer hands did more than plant a seed * * Within the earth of spring;

The Testimony of Patriarch John Smith George Albert Smith 173 They struck a spark in fertile soil

From which a flame took wing...

flame Oriental poppy An Features Church fire high burned crimson Whose in Reconciliations: Evidences and Ancient Iron Known CXLIII—Was hearts of those the eyes and warm To America? 175 A. Widtsoe John by. they as passed looked Who

III in the Lehi Nibley 200 Hugh Desert—Part

Pioneering Families of Joseph Smith's Uncles...Isaac B. Ball 176

New Appointees to Y.M.MJ.A. Conducted by Joseph F. MerGeneral Board 165 rill 219

The Church Moves On.....168 Presiding Bishopric's Page, PreEXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES

Genealogy 190 pared by Lee A. Palmer 220 50 North Main Street

Melchizedek Priesthood....218 Missionaries Who Left for Field

The Daily Behavior 238 Salt Lake City 1, Utah of a High January 18

Priest by William Peterson..218 Missionaries Who Left for Field Copyright 1950 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaNo-LiquorTobacco Column, February 1 239 Associationtion of the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusImprovementChrist of

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. SubSpecial Features scriptionsubscriptions,price, S3.52.5000 aa year,year, in inadvance;advance;foreign25c

single copy. Help Fight Cancer—Editorial 174 Mission to Polynesia—X Doyle L. Green 178 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

for matter. secondclass mailing Acceptance Give a Your Speech Louise Linton 181 as Salmon Point—V

in of for special rate provided postage section at Service.... Improvement The Era Announces a Church History Travel 182

July authorized of October Act 1103, 1917, 2,

Soil and the L. Microbe 185 Martin Thomas 1918.

Girl Dream Missionary 188 By a Recently Returned My into Chinese Genealogy Lindsey Jessie H. A Glimpse 190 solicitedThe Improvementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unMy Two Hope Chests Patricia Sykes 191

Dear Land of Home Elsa Pedersen 192 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient "The Moving Finger Writes..."Ralph A. Badger 195 postage for delivery and return.

Latterday Saint Literature Comes of Age Thomas E. Cheney 196 Change of Address

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Fifteen days'notice required for change of adRichard L. Evans 208, 212, 222, 225, 228 dress. When ordering a change, please include

slip address a issue recent from of the magazine. Exploring the Universe, FrankFloral Arrangement, Verla unless Address cannot be changes the old made

lin S. Harris, Birrell Jr 161...204 is well the as address as included. one new

These Times, Reversal In Asia, Blueprint for Beauty...204 the Trick Diet Does G. 162 Homer Durham National Advertising Representatives

in Quality Counts Family Rethe 170 Bookrack On lationships 206

Today's Family, Burl Shepherd, Try A New Sandwich 210

Editor Your Page and Ours 240 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND

San Francisco and Los Angeles Stories, Poetry SADLER & SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

The Fort on the Firing Line—Conclusion Albert R. Lyman 186 New York

The Road to Inspiration Clarence Edwin Flynn 199 LYTLENIEMAN

Flower Flame, Gwen Travis 164 Small Acres, Anobel Armour -..198 Chicago

Frontispiece, Bargain with Accounting, Marie Henderson

Wind, Elaine V. Emans -171 Wood 231

Poetry Page 172 Culinary, Thelma Ireland 233

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW APPOINTEES

TO

Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

""ewest members of the general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association are Fred A. Schwendiman, Elvis B.

Terry, Richard S. Tanner, Forace

Green, Gordon Owen, and Francis

L, Urry.

Elder Schwendiman, a district supervisor in the vocational rehabilitation division of the Utah state department of education, was born in New Zealand while his parents were filling a mission there for the

Church.

Long active in auxiliary work in his ward and stake, he served for three years as superintendent of It's Easy Grip with Mirro's the Whittier (Salt Lake City) Ward, Wells Stake, Sunday School, four years as a member of the Wells Stake Sunday School COOKIE PRESS superintendency, and as adviser to the priests'quorum. More recentONLY

ly he has been in the ward and stake Sunday School work in the

East Mill Creek Stake, where he makes his home with his wife and $275 three children.

Elder Schwendiman began his With 12 Interchangeable jorming plates!

mission in Great Britain where he was a member of the Millennial Here's the easy way to make perfect, fancy

Chorus, but at the outbreak of cookies... like you've always wanted to turn

II he World was transferred War out! Just fill stainresisting Alumilite barrel

to the States Mission, Eastern where he completed his mission. with cookie dough and press the plunger.

During the war he was a naval Then bake! You'll be the hit of any party if

officer. He is a graduate of the you own one!

University of Utah and has done graduate work at Harvard University. HOUSEWARES—Downstairs Store

He is assigned to the M Men committee.

(Continued on following page) Mail Orders To Margot

Manners. Please enclose

16c postage!

s|lf! DOWNSTAIRS

FRED A. SCHWENDIMAN ELVIS B. TERRY STORE

MARCH 1950 165 NEW APPOINTEES TO Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

(Continued from preceding page) "Porace Green, author of the Scout

ing in The Improvement Era, has College Work hamElderYoungTerry,University,a graduatehasoftaughtBrigarticles which have been appearmusic in the high schools at Hurserved for the past eight years as district chairman Scout on the Mutual ricane, Falls, Idaho; Idaho Utah;

the Stake. South Salt board of Lake the Year Around he Utah, where and at Orem, now

resides. For the past eleven years He was sustained as ward clerk in the Union (Salt Lake County) Ward

age, at of sixteen but years and when At Your Church University hedelssohnhas beenMaledirectorChorus ofof Provothe Menand fill threeto nineteen he a was called

Spring Quarter begins Orem; this group won national year mission in the Eastern States,

recognition in a broadcast at the where he served as president of the

District, relations as public mission the mission, and as MARCH 20 newfor theyear'spastseasonelevena yearyearsago.the Andhigh Brooklynofficer for

school music chorus under his diScout commissioner. He was gradurection has presented Handel's ated from Brigham Young University,

Messiah at Easter time. receiving the first degree in journalism

ever granted from the Church Univeractive both has been ward on He of sity, and today is publisher two of the stake boards Summer Quarter begins and Sunday Salt newspapers, the South weekly

School and Mutual wherever his Lake Herald and the Granite Park

JUNE 12 work has taken him. At this apPress in Salt Lake City. He recently

pointment to the general board he received his silver beaver award in was a member of the Lincoln Ward scouting. He and his wife, Edna I.

Sunday School superintendency in Lauritzen Green, are the parents of

Orem. Elder and Sister Terry have three children.

Applications For Admission Should four children. He is assigned to the Explorer comHe is assigned to the music committee of the general board.

Be Made Early mittee. *

Elder Tanner, a medical doctor f* ordon Owen practising in Salt Lake City, served has recently in the British Mission of the Church returned to his nafrom 1935 through 1938, where he tive Salt Lake

For further information, write was particularly active in mission City after an ab-

M. I. A. work, being executive secsence of some

THE REGISTRAR retary of that organization. While fifteen years in

taking his medical degree at Northwhich he has been western University, he was a memfollowing his vober of the Chicago Stake Sunday cation, radio broadcasting. He

his high completed d-Jriqhamif l/lc/ ovtna Schoolhis internshipsuperintendency.and residencyHe servedin GORDON OWEN the at school work

surgery at the L. D. S. Hospital L.D.S. University and attended the

Salt also niver&it'9 in Lake City. He a before accepting of served University Utah U

in of corps the medical the United where he British Mission call to the

PROVO. UTAH States army from 1945 to 1947. served from 1925 to 1927. He is now

For the past several years he has affiliated with the Intermountain Netbeen a guide on Temple Square in work in Salt Lake City but is a former addition to teaching in the Sunday national sales manager of the HouseSchool. He and his wife and two wives'Protective League of the Cochildren reside in East Ensign lumbia Broadcasting System. He has Shore the of North bishop as served

of a Stake; member Chicago THE ALEXANDRIA Ward.

Burlingame of the Ward, bishopric He is assigned to the athletic Ward,the HOTEL committee. Palo Alto (California) Stake; a mem5th & Spring Sts.

LOS ANGELES. CALIF. ber of the New York Stake high counAnnounces the appointment of cil; and a member of the Palo Alto

RAY H. BECKETT Stake presidency. His most recent

as Associate Manager Church assignment has been as co- (formerly Resident Mgr. of ordinator of youth activities in the

Lankershim Hotel) Beverly Hills Ward. Los Angeles

wife, Nevada YOUR HOST ON THE Stake. He and his

Owen, are the parents of COAST Browning four children.

MEET YOUR L.p.S.

FRIENDS HERE estHecommittee.is assigned to the Special Inter500 ROOMS WITH BATH

RICHARD S. TANNER FORACE GREEN (Concluded on page 169)

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW EDITIONS yon. f&v MEDIATION AND ATONEMENT $3.00

by John Taylor with comprehensive, topical, concordance by Peter Carlston. New Edition.

MELVIN J. BALLARD $2.50

Missionary Service and Addresses

Compiled by Bryant S. Hinckley

Inspirational story of life and thoughts of beloved apostle.

SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH OTHERS $2.50

by President George Albert Smith

ARTICLES OF FAITH by James E. Talmage

New leather bound, gilt edge, India paper edition..$6.00

Cloth $2.00

JESUS THE CHRIST

by James E. Talmage

New leather bound, gilt edge, india pcper edition $7.00

Cloth $2.75

SpQciaL—OUR FAMILY THROUGH THE YEARS $2.50

Attractive, durable convenient post binder, (title and temple—gilt embossed)

for genealogical forms.

(With set of 100 assorted forms $1.50 extra)

MAP OF LATTERDAY SAINTS IN AMERICA $2.50

Large, colored map of historic headlines of Mormonism in America.

In demand in Priesthood, Sunday School, Relief Society, and M.I.A. Special

Interest Church History Classes

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

MARCH 1950 167

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

the direction of the dance committees 2t\ President George Albert Smith

January 1950 of the Y. M. and Y. W. M. I. A. in dedicated the Whittier Ward,

which ballroom, round, and square Pasadena (California) Stake chapel.

8Nyssa (OregonIdaho) Stake, dancing were demonstrated, and plans M. Elmer Christensen sustained as

organized from parts of the for participation in the M. I. A. dance president of Cottonwood ( Salt Lake

Weiser Stake, by Elders John A. festival in connection with June conCounty) Stake, with Marius O. Evans

Widtsoe and Matthew Cowley of the ference were discussed. and Ray D. Smith, counselors, sucCouncil of the Twelve. Sustained ceeding President J. Ephraim Wahl-

L. Child and Arvel Presidentwere F. quist counselors and Verl McMillan r Bishop L. Wirthlin the Joseph of Blacker counselors,his Fred William Evans. Marius and O. 1| Presiding Bishopric the dedicated includes Stake Nelson. Miltonand Elder of the Matthew Cowley Counchapel, Indian Fort Hall Branch Fort Vale, First, Ontario, Second,Nyssa

cil the of the dedicated chapel Twelve Hall, Idaho. Remaining wards.Parma, and Owyhee

at mission Tahiti. and Papeete, home

in the Weiser Stake are the Emmett

-i PlyFirst, Weiser, Second, First Presidency announced o New The First Presidency announced o The q J- O wards. Payette, of Letha L. andmouth, the appointment Golden ft ** the of Dr. appointment Orval J.

is RayStake ofPresident the of Weiser president Provo East Woolf, J. the Ellsworth to preside Central over

first counselor. the former to preside over Stake, Dewey, (Utah)mond States Mission headquarters with

Grant are counselors President Weber Mission, succeedingHis in French W. Independence, Missouri. He succeeds Presidents C. Bradshaw. President Earl Barker. L.and James Woolf President Francis PresiBrown. W. president and in Switzerwere mission filled a and BlackerChild France and Ellsworth, native of den Utah, reared

second counselor of the old Weiser land from 1911 to 1914, and presided in Idaho, at this appointment is proStake. This is the Church's 176th over the French -Mission from 1929 fessor and head of Denver University

stake. to 1933. Sister Woolf will go with marketing and advertising division,

field of labor. sustained the Bennett as him H. William a the of and member (ColoDenver

of the St. quartets of Gleaner thepresident and George ( Utah Men M to high council. rado ) Stake He was a

their fhVs't1'annual Salt area began with RulonStake Lake and James A. Snow parttime missionary for twentythree

Andrus as counselors, succeeding festival of music in Salt Lake City, years in the fields where his academic

President Harold S. Snow and counwith the Gleaner Girl quartets compursuits have taken him: Eastern

selors Vernon Worthen and Vivian peting. Each quartet was required States, Central States, and Texas-

J. Frei. to sing one serious and one novelty Louisiana missions. Mrs. Ellsworth

Mar Vista West Ward, Inglewood number, the latter to have original will accompany him on this mission.

(California) Stake, organized from words. Original music was optional.

parts of Mar Vista Ward, with John rt r Forace Green and Gordon

W. Robertson, bishop. M Men quartets competed in the ft "Owen appointed to the Y. M.

A SPECIAL committee of members 1 first annual quartet music festival. M. I. A. general board. (Seepage 165.)

11 of the Y. M. and Y. W. M. I. A. PalestineSyrian Mission name

by East Mission, to Near changed study to boardsgeneral was formed

First and the of the Twelve Council the 2 a ofD. E.EnsignJudd sustained(Salt Lakeas presidentCity) gatherpeople'sthe firesides, young

ings following sacrament meetings. Presidency. Stake, succeeding the late Alldridge

The purpose of the committee will be N. Evans. A. Palmer Holt and F.

to study problems which arise in the n\ a Mixed quartets competed in the Briton McConkie succeed themselves conducting and planning of the fire- "quartet festival. The rules of as counselors in the stake presidency.

sides, and make general observations one serious and one novelty selection Ariel S. Ballif sustained president

and recommendations. Named to the from each group were the same for of East Provo (Utah) Stake, succeedcommittee were Joy F. Dunyon, all three nights'competition. Later in ing Golden L. Woolf, recently called

Adolphus P. Warnick, Kenneth H. the evening the winners were anto preside over the French Mission.

Sheffield, Norma P. Anderson, Pearl nounced as East Ensign Ward, Ensign Counselors Leland M. Perry and Clyde

Bridge, and Gladys D. White. (Salt Lake City) Stake, winning first P. Crockett were sustained to succeed

Fred A. Schwendiman, Elvis B. prize for the Gleaners; Capitol Hill themselves.

Terry, and Richard S. Tanner apWard, Salt Lake Stake, winning secpointed to the Y. M. M. I. A. general ond place; with Colonial Hills Ward n -< The Alberta Temple at Cardston

board. (See page 165.) Hillside Stake, third. North Twenty- ** *- reopened for ordinance work

after some extensive renovations. first (Salt Emigration Lake Ward, Albert Smith President George1st

in place City) Stake won first for City Los left Salt Lake 4

Stratford Ward, Men competition; first stake the con- M attend toAngeles Stake, February 1950 City) Highland (Salt Lake

official his in "quite capacity ference in second; and Twentyseventh Ward, the while."Stake After Angeles a Los L. appointed to Urry third. In Stake, the mixed Emigration to conference, planned he be in south- -<* theFrancis general the of board Young first; quartets, Stratford was Ward for several weeks. California ern AssociaImprovement ( Mutual Salt Men's Bonneville Thirtythird Ward,

19** Representativesseven areas of the ofChurchtwentyheld versityLake City)Ward.Stake,Emigrationsecond;Stake,and third.Unition.Purchase(See pageof a 120acre165.) Church welan institute in Salt Lake City under In all, thirtyfour quartets competed. fare farm to be eventually used in the

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA production and manufacture of butter IYDRAULIC CONTROL was announced by the four stakes of the Uintah Basin welfare region, ALL CASE TRACTORS

Duchesne, Moon Lake, Roosevelt, and

Uintah.

BThe First Presidency announced Saves Time the uniting of the Hawaiian and the Central Pacific missions, the new mission to be known as the Hawaiian

L. Clissold, Mission. who Edward in Spring Work of the as presidentwas released

Japanese Mission last September, is the new mission president. Released

as president of the Hawaiian Mission is E. Wesley Smith. Released as

president of the Central Pacific Mission is Melvyn A. Weenig. This misDISKING

sion has been active among Hawaiian Nonstop disking is easier tnan residents of Oriental extraction. ever with hydraulic control. Full

r Boy Scout Sunday was apspeed or standing still, a touch of "propriately marked in many of a little lever angles, straightens the wards and branches of the Church. or adjusts the gangs. The new

Case "RH"Soil Conservation harrow, shown with 2-plow "SC"tractor, "follows"better on contour curves.

New Appointees To PLOWING Y.M.M.I.A. General Board

New Eagle Hitch with new hy- (Concluded from page 166) draulic control on the lowcost;. -. - - "Crancis L. Urry. Case "VAC"tractor hooks up to

whose voice is "latchon"mounted plow in one known over westminute, from tractor seat. There

ern America on are also twoway moldboard radio dramatic plows, disk plows, field tillers—

programs and as an all built for "latchon"hookup announcer on KSL, with Eagle Hitch.

filled a mission to the Southern States from 193436, giving some New Masterframe for "VAC"FRANCIS L. URRY seventynine lectractor is stronger, simpler—

tures in thirtygives hydraulic lift to frontthree cities on the Book of Mormon mounted planters as well as and Church history during the latter "lookahead"cultivators. The

part of his mission. He has been Case line includes planters for

active in priesthood and auxiliary every crop system including rearorganizations from his youth, having mounted narrowrow planters for filled ward and stake positions in the closely spaced vegetable crops.

Grant, Salt Lake, Emigration and for yourself how simple, See interest that machines Mark Saltstakes of City. Lake this apAt others write any in margin strong, how how sureacting

I. J. need, Case to mail a you,you maypointment he is high council on the of

Emigration Stake. He was featured hydraulic control can be. Drop Co., Dept. C-44, Racine, Wis.on radio network dramatic programs in at your Case dealer's—try LowCost "VAC"

tractor at raising, hand lowering living inwhile in 1944. Chicago He your

Larger 2-plow "SC"setting and implements with directedproduced the and dramatic 3-Plow tractor "DC"a D touch of the little lever.episodes for the one centennial trek See of the 4-5 tractor Plow "LA"D

Sons of Utah Pioneers and portrayed how much more hydraulic con- P Disk Harrows plantersthe Prophet the Smith in Joseph trol the extra means with speed Tractor grain drills Seedmeterpresentations as that modernday caraconvenience of and tractor. a Case

Illinois,van from came Nauvoo, are to And twenty remember—there in CitySalt Lake July 1947. At the of Case tractors models in four Name

present time he is a reader on the sizes. Among them is exactly the Postoffice eveningSunday radio hour, Church

size that type and is for Christ."Witness"A New He State. ing. latest Get information fits your farm-—RFD tomarried Carroll Urry, Leona V. and

the couple have three children. use the coupon, today.

He is assigned to the speech committee.

MARCH 1950 169 TIN &<Az\sCve\& MH JJ\

fort by the very clearness with whichWATER HEATER offers you THE GRIM YEARS (Claude T. Barnes. The Ralton ComDr. Kohn analyzes reasons for the

pany, 514 First Security Bank Buildtroubles which have arisen and the ing, Salt Lake City, Utah. 91 pages.) hope which he affirms for the ultimate

HPhis story of Emily Stewart Barnes solution of them.-—M. C. /.

(18461932), the author's mother, SINCE 1900 covers most of Utah's pioneer years. (Oscar T. Barck, Jr., and Nelson M.

she reached in 1851, Utah When the Blake. Macmillan Co., New York.

a desert wilderness. was West That pages. $6.50.) 1947. 863

which the pioneers had to do in con- '"This history of our times in the quering the wilderness was her lot also. She suffered at times, as the others United States, written by two

is political views, divergent of people did, but the inward glow of faith and it for imperative would seem one that her courage to meet the challenge of the desert made life sweet even in all citizens in the United States to those early hard years. And she won. read and ponder in order to insure

It is a story to lift the hearts of men. intelligent action in the continuance of

—/. A. W. inationgood lawsof andbad theones.correctionPeople orofelimthe

4-STAR COLLEGIATE Church will be particularly interested

WORD POWER in learning that our own President J.

(Mark Hart. Markhart Vocabulary Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First PresiService, Preston, Idaho. 167 pages.) dency, had an important part to play

A good device to acquire the proper in improving interAmerican relations.

I! When you buy a Fowler electric meaning and use of words, whethThe book is not only informative, it

is for interesting to read also intensely in invest reliable water heater you er one is in school or out.—/. A. W. insight into the role of the United for service heating and water now

years to come. Dependable perINTERGROUP RELATIONS States in the nineteenth century.

formance is assured by the manuCENTERS—M. C. /.

plan. year protection facturer's 20 ( Everett R. Clinchy. Farrar Straus NAZARETH THE FROM MAN are tanks porcelainpages. 54 and Company. $1.50.) Fosdick. Harper and (Harry Emerson clean, pure water lined—Fowlerprovide president of competent the Nais HThe always. 1949. Fowler a 281 pages. With there Bros., York. New

never even the slightest trace of tional Conference of Christians and $3.00.)

tank rust or corrosion. Jews here pleads for a better under- 'HPhe author of this book has done

all in standing interested the among of careful piece exceedingly an offers Only FOWLER social of welfare behumanity. He in that from proving work the Man all these features you lieves that institution of higher in every the walk did live Nazareth and

Porcelainlined, learning tank.:::.:,: rust proof or centers groups should V be the heritage earth leave mankind and

Safety heat""black elements. J the to destroy formed prejudices

is his of divine message. book The Adjustable, economy temperature / usually destroy happiness which

controls. the giving annotated, thus in thoroughly

4 Efficient triple insulation. human relationships. J. A. W. scholar the incentive for further study

Capacities: gallons. 5 to 80 / hindering reader the casual without

(Table Top models: 30 and 40 gals.) THE TWENTIETH CENTURY

the to not wish beyond go may Approved Underwriters'by (Hans Kohn. / Macmillan Co., New who

ashas that material Dr. Fosdick Laboratories. York. pages. 1949. 242 $2.50.)

the sembled. approaches book The analysis of history of our day See at your FOWLER dealer's or HThis

the of Christ study from point of view write is for complete particularly infotmation. incisive. keen and

Dr. Kohn, a world traveler and of his contemporaries. In ten stirring

teacher, currently professor of history chapters the author indicates the power at the College of the City of of this greatest of all teachers, the life laid his of God, Son down who York, has an done excepNew all that believed on him men may who tional piece analysis in his of

C. /. latest study. The section headings never die.—M.

Also manufacturer of will give some idea of the scope of THE SPELL OF THE PACIFIC though of course (Edited by Carl Stroven and A. Grove FOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS. the work—even they cannot indicate the skill with Day. Macmillan Co., New York.

which the various chapters under those 1949. 940 pages. $6.50.)

headings are treated: Disintegrating '""Phis anthology of the literature of the

Forces in Nineteenth Century CivilizaPacific comes with timeliness for tion, The Challenge of Tradition, the the Church since 1950 is the centennial

Stectnic Challenge of Old Myths and New year for the opening of the Hawaiian

WATER HEATERS Trends, Forces of Reintegration and Mission. The quotation which prefReaffirmation. aces the book is from Herman Melville,

have felt somewhat To those who Pacific the the "seems who says that FOWLER MANUFACTURING COMPANY the events by of earth."heart of the tidebeating The book 2545 S. E. Gladstone, Portland 2, Oregon overwhelmed

immediate past, this book brings com- (Concluded on page 184) 170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i: I

-Religious News Service Photo

wv tk Wind &amaini

I will take your part when they complain: w,ind, "It blows upon my nerves and wearies me";

Or "Mark my words, the wind is bringing rain";

Or "Must it hammer so incessantly

And be as cold as this?"or "be as hot?"

I will defend you in the charges, Wind.

You are destructive, and you even plot

Mischief on many a washing neatly pinned

And other ways too numerous to mention.

I am your friend and tolerant of each whim,

And yet in this I ask your strict attention:

Blow not too feebly nor too high for him

To bold the cord of his first lovely kite

Poised, even now, for its muchdreamed-of flight.

5u (L*lcame V:&mand

MARCH 1950 171 DOORWAYS MY HOME TRIBUTE By Pauline Havard By Lalia Mitchell Thornton By Helen Baker Adams

is coursing blood gypsy in my is XTo like ajar, a little door the of veins. npiiis birthday eyes one whose

I fields like tilled * trusty weather and silver the of a star; mansion on Hinged"DeautyU in quietly closed timelessness * Wereis vanes; are her read they wiseWhile who this born. Before was home

I feel scorn, wanderlust a hearty For set signposts fields lush green and Give meadows me violet the yellowAlong is fire the the rug she here wove, road—a Yet by of corn. trillium's the is near;Stating a spring snow there the her with cup hangs name And I I praise claim no not because roam; do tells to heart seeking theThat which way gold, in

I the better world, love but home. own my go little lies Bible her worn. black And

find of domicile then beauty, theTo tent can ever prove a lure. nomad No

the again; follow same back pathwayTo this to greet green fronds day Her fern walls, four strongbeamed want and made far, I shining her gospel near andTo spread small with her lad winsome And my own secure;

And smile bed of boughs to welcome me at teach how numerous her doorways No are! the grim meaning of mourn! Mocks night,

i> Nor moon, nor stars, to be my only light; rfpi H

HARMONY TEST NoI wanttrustaniniceboxbow andhandyarrowwhenfor Imyeat.meat; RETURN

By Helen Sue Isely I want a little place that is my home, By Georgia Moore Eberling t( full love, in of Stored the as honey comb. bright against blue? right green are as the not mountains changed:

things difficult It has to quite are express, O*) Some It clashes! another hue."Try high.

- But: in the wilderbeside "Thou me treeYet, a against the put sky, God little clear, limpid river is as The ness"there nothing awry. saw GodAnd still fly, lightly as darting bluebirds The I this or of East have West, no Means

just old, as are paths remembered And doubt, yellow? no! Horrors,"Gold on

dear justLet's think slow."a bit and go Where

them, walked they were when we happiness abides, the world shut As out.Yet, heart, a bee put a dandelion on God

in hand, hand chart. the color pleased with wasAnd God the stars the vesper bloom in watched And

of shades almost matching"Two blue? MY WEALTH Thenwest.all the world was misty wonderland, sense of harmony's all askew!"Your

Yet, God caused the sky and the ocean to By P. K. Edmunds The future pure enchantment, one bright

meet, God was content on his heavenly "RY wealth is not in money It quest.has not changed, young lovers claim itAnd

seat. r Or stocks or bonds or gems; now

My wealth consists of persons: And dream their dreams just as we used

"Black, white, yellow, and also red? The ones I call my friends. to do.

colors! better shed!"the willow You'd throughToo many wavers moonlight The

of other people To wealth clan, these his earthlyYet, used on God bough;

I little lend; may A will is of gold peace, with spoke toward good touched path God oldAnd dim The

they their treasures, count when And man! anew.

call friend. they their me May miles feet the long lead Time may Gray

DREAM HOUSE In dreamsaway; the heart returns at end of day.

By Cora May Preble IT WAS ALWAYS SPRING

By Bessie Saunders Spencer ARTISTE f thought one time that I would own a

Father remember pulled when the plow Powell H. By Pansye I the from shed palatial place a hill. high onA* largehome,

to its share looked handles, and in swift fingers plunge lots sentient gaily And I could of ground whereWith A s spring. always It was roam, control, **

And when the twilight came, it would be It was the time to lean against the old Impassioned, thunderous, heavy majors still. pear tree roll.

But now I know a tiny house will do, And watch the first moist row Her thwarted spirit, newly rampantgrown,

With purple lilacs in the fragrant dusk Stretch like a brown thread toward the Rises to heights her body has not known meadow. all alone. it is true hours make the spirals to fulfilmentTo And sweet—for the time when small boys It was cry rhapsodic often the wild is an empty husk. withinA mansion But deep

Now I prefer these simple homey things: Excitedlyuse gathered fish bait they would not A dirge for love, an unsung lullaby!

The smell of sweet red clover after rain, In a rusty can.

The cheery tune a boiling kettle sings Again I see the bright blade THE KEY

Nor long for jeweled crowns or richer Cut through the dead root and the rabbit gain. burrow By J. Fabian Giroux

AMytinydreamshouseofwherequietudeplayinga blessedchildrenfake!make And a tall man tramping down the furrow. stood in a room with a thousand doors,

I And one door led to peace.

But the key that I clutched in my fainting

CINDERELLA CLOUD hand By Gay Winquist Would never gain release.

I found, through, passing travelers The"Daggedy Cinderella cloud, impasse. the same met with Were** Back to a slavey turned; Their keys would open the door to strife,

Brushing the ash of a sunset dream But the door to peace held fast.

From the hearth where the old sun burned;

Vanished enchantment. Will the prince "Oh, Lord, what key am I clutching here,

Tell her it's love that matters And what key do I need?"

And fit her foot to the crystal dawn "My son, you need the key of love;

In spite of her rags and tatters?—Photograph, Jeano Orlando You hold the key of greed."

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jke Je&timomA of Jatriarck srohvi J)mlm

BY PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

I have before me a document "Let not your daughters mix with the sons that was printed in The Deseret News in the of the stranger whom you know nothing year 1851. It is a statement of an uncle of about and who are not of the house of

the Prophet Joseph Smith. He was the first Israel; but gather your children together and

stake president of the Adamondi-Ahman teach them the principles of truth and rightand the Zarahemla stakes in the East during eousness, and teach them to obey the laws the Prophet's lifetime as well as the first stake of God, and the day will come that they president in the Salt Lake Valley. I refer to will arise and bless you.

John Smith, my great grandfather. He also

truth every unto which them God "Teach to the Patriarch Church. was became He

Instil their into revealed. minds has young written statement is a 1781. This born in

not long before the death of this good man every principle that will make them a noble and I will present only a part of it because race, and remove from their paths everyhis to thing that is comcontrary and God it lengthy: is somewhat

. will a then race have mandments... You "It of twentyone years is now upwards

since the organization of the Church of Jesus of children who will rise in the midst of

Israel, and will break the shackles of superstiSaints, Christ of Latterday with six members, with tion and be fit beings to carry on the work most are numbered of whom which their fathers commenced; and the

the dead. "Soon after its organization I heard the Spirit of God will assist you in doing these things, provided you put forth all your gospel through my nephew, Joseph Smith energies with your might....

Jr., and obeyed the commandments of the

Lord by entering in at the door, which is "Let every elder of Israel put on the garbaptism.... ments of righteousness, teaching by precept

"If the Presidency and Twelve who are and example the true principles which exalt now living had not been servants to the cause the mind, expand the understanding and fit companion for his Creator. when Joseph lived, they would not have make a man

been worthy to fill the exalted stations which Never dishonor the high and holy calling they now occupy; and always remember 'that which has been placed upon him by teaching

he who is the greatest among you must be and suffering to be taught in his home or the servant of all.'anywhere that he has influence or power to

... "Bring up your children in the way they control, doctrines that are not of God.

should go, that they may be ornaments to "I must conclude, for I feel the infirmities the society and a blessing unto you in your of age creeping on, and knowing not when old age; and remember that God will not the Lord shall require me hence, I wish to

hold you guiltless if you should neglect to attake this opportunity of adding my mite to tend to this matter. Remember also to teach the testimonies of the thousands who are

them to pray; and cause your sons to take scattered throughout the globe, and of those

part in the family prayer; and beware what who are gone beyond the veil, and who

company they keep, for 'evil communications sealed theirs with their blood.

corrupt good manners.'(Concluded on following page)

\<4?..O--0'v*<*0**&*X<&A&K&**j0r*&K&v4 SK"*!.

MARCH 1950 173 THE EDITORS PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) "I knew him when at his mother's vested in me, as patriarch, I bless "In Kirtland, Ohio, four brothers breast, I watched and counseled his you, and I say unto you, Be faithsat in the patriarchal seat in the youth, but when God spoke and ful, and you shall be blessed in your

Temple of God, and I only of that taught him, I bowed to his superior basket and your store; you shall

number am left to tell the tale: and knowledge, and although he was a have all blessings which were

as I am now past the time allotted boy and I am an old man, and his promised to Abraham, Isaac, and to man to live, it is reasonable that I uncle, yet I was not ashamed to Jacob; and the Lord will preserve

also will be gathered unto my fathers learn true principles from him, and you as in the hollow of his hand, in the time appointed of God. like Paul at the feet of Gamaliel, and no power shall stay the work,

I therefore bear my testimony, drank in the truths which flowed for everything that shall be brought which I wish translated into every from the Prophet's lips. against it will fail.

saint language read to and every "I was in jail with him and his He concludes by signing himself is the and printed type wherever brother Hyrum a few hours before "John Smith, Patriarch to the used, that the see world and may they were killed, and I can testify Church of Jesus Christ of Latterif I to for say; hear what I have

that died innocent before they God, day Saints. G. S. L. Gty, Nov. 8,was young I would visit them, 1851."crime, that sealed of they and any

they should hearwhen from my their testimony with their blood. I present this for the purpose of lips that has again from spoken God

the heavens; that he has again con- "I testify to all men, that I know calling attention to the fact that the

descended to send his angels to visit that the angel has appeared which Prophet Joseph Smith came from fallen man, and point out the way John the Revelator saw, who had men and women who had faith in whereby he can be saved. He apthe everlasting gospel to preach to God, who were readers of the

pointed Joseph Smith a prophet, every nation, kindred, tongue and scriptures, who believed in the and revealed unto him his compeople, saying with a loud voice, power of God, and who, where it mandments.... Fear God and give glory to him, would be natural for them, because

"I testify that Joseph Smith was for the hour of his judgment is of their age, to direct the youth a prophet, seer, revelator, and a man come. of their own household, were humof God; and what was revealed "And I call on all men, priests ble in their souls, and prepared to

through him will prove life and and people, kings, potentates, and bow to the superior wisdom, not salvation to those who believe and rulers, to cease their strife, come of the boy, but of our Heavenly obey, or death and condemnation and obey the gospel, gather with Father who inspired him.

to all who count it as nought, and Israel, obey the commandments of It is a beautiful testimony to me harden their hearts against the God, that you and your dead may because in the evening of his life, truths he preached and practised. be saved and brought up in the first when he was ready to pass to the I knew him—resurrection. great beyond, he wanted to leave

I want to impress this paragraph "And I say to the saints that by that testimony to the Latterday upon your minds: the power of the Holy Priesthood Saints—and I leave it with you.

comfortfuture andthe tosuffering.the final Researchsolution oflooksthe tocancerthe

problem. The education and lay service programs

are carried out by volunteers under medical supervision. The Cancer Society belongs to OM every reader; it is your program and needs your

Help Fight Cancer support in all its phases.

Since 1945 the greatest research attack ever

People everywhere know something about canlaunched on a single disease has been developed cer—but too few of them know the facts against cancer. Support for this impressive

that might save their own lives. The many program comes from many sources, from foundavolunteer workers of the American Cancer Society tions and the government and universities, but

are daily engaged in a crusade to bring these with the dollars the public contributes, the Amerilife-saving facts into every home. Today physican Cancer Society spearheads the growth of this

cians are curing one out of every four patients great effort.

who develop cancer. Medical science has proWhile we wait for the ultimate answer to the

gressed enough so that at least twice as many problem of cancer, we need not stand idly by.

could be cured by early diagnosis and prompt, Contact your local Cancer Society representative proper treatment. {or offices of the Utah Division, 177 Motor

The program of the society is threefold: eduAvenue, Salt Lake City) asking for free educacation, service, and research. Education and tional literature or how you might volunteer your

service are for the present—to save lives and to efforts in this great crusade.

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Was IRON Jinown, ANCIENT AMERICA? X

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE CXLIII {yn 'Widtsoe OF

TheuseBookof ironof byMormonthe peoplesspeaksof repeatedlyancient America.of the oxidizesable conditionsor rustsofeasilyheat andand moisture.quickly underThe favorques-

The Jaredites apparently carried on extensive tion whether iron was used in early American operations with the useful metals, including iron. 1 days is still being discussed by expert students in

Nephi, writing soon after the arrival in America the field of American archaeology.

of Lehi and his company (about 570 B. C.) says: Meanwhile, the progress of science seems to

confirm the Book of Mormon statement that iron "I did teach my people to build buildings and to was in the possession of the early inhabitants of work in all manner of wood, and of iron. America. The Science News Letter of November

12, 1949,* has made an interesting summary of

Later Book of Mormon writers likewise mention the question, which shows that iron was probably the possession and use of iron among the known in America in ancient times: 3

Nephites. "Did preColumbian 'First Families'of Virginia

Unbelievers have used these statements to prove and Ohio know how to smelt iron and make the Book of Mormon false. They have said and nails, horseshoes and tools of iron?...

written that iron has not been found among the "Captain [A. H.] Mallery, who has skippered

artifacts of America's lost civilizations. Gold, ships in northern waters, has collected specimens

silver, copper, and other valuable metals have of ancient iron from Greenland, Labrador, Newbeen found, but not iron. Therefore, they have foundland, as well as from Virginia and from the

reasoned, the early inhabitants of the American Ohio mounds.

continent did not know iron. "Samples of this material have been sent by

The Latterday Saints, believers in the divine Captain Mallery to the National Bureau of coming forth of the Book of Mormon, have anStandards.and to Battelle Memorial Institute,

swered that in time proof of the correctness of Columbus, Ohio, for metallurgical study. Exthe Book of Mormon claims would be forthcoming. perts at both the National Bureau of Standards

They have usually added that people who could and at Battelle have found that the specimens are smelt gold, silver, and copper from their ores definitely not modern, although it is difficult to could certainly smelt iron from the vast American assign a precise date to them because no articles iron deposits. of comparable antiquity of known date are availIn scientific America a similar conable for comparison....

troversy has been carried on. Many "The Virginia site was found

magnificent buildings remaining from when archaeologists of the River Basin preColumbian days show exquisite Surveys of the Smithsonian Institution workmanship. Granitic stone, for excombed over the area in southern

ample, has been shaped with such Virginia and northern North Carolina accuracy that, in the words of several to salvage any possible archaeological observers, a penknife could not be inremains before the area should be serted between such stones in a wall. flooded by the Buggs Island Reservoir

Likewise, hard stone materials have and dam.

been fashioned for embellishing build- "Stone points were found there that ings into a great variety of forms. were made by a Folsom culture peoTo accomplish this, tools harder ple. These points were like those

than stone, granite, for example, must found in the western part of the have been used. Numerous conjecUnited States and believed to be

tures have been made as to the tools 10,000 years old.

usedf Hardened copper, made by some "In the same area there were found lost process, has been suggested. scattered over considerable land, bits

Many have believed that iron and of iron, nails, horseshoes, hinge fragsteel tools were used but have been ments and occasional tools. One

lost by rusting throughspecimen from this find out the years. was submitted by the

It Elto, Dr. wellis a Smithsonian commonly Jh VIDENCES AND linger for evaluation. fact that iron Deknown

<s|i

(Concluded on page 231) lEther, 10:23

5:15 2II Nephi Science "An AmeriNews Letter.

p. 309 3Jarom 'Iron Age'?"Mosiah 11:3, 8 RECONCILIA TIONS can J:8;

MARCH 1950 175 PIONEERING H9HHHflM98fi

Smith's children who did not join the Church.

Latterday Saints today are familiar with the story of the removal from the state of Vermont of Joseph and Lucy Smith and their children, including the Prophet, and their settling at Palmyra, Ontario (now

Wayne ) County, New York. Very

little is said or commonly known regarding the exodus from Vermont to New York state by the parents and brothers and sisters of Joseph

Smith, Senior. Since the descendants of these other Smiths, however, played important roles in early

Church history and continue today to occupy positions of great responsibility in both the Church and in other worthy community life in the West, the stories of these pioneering families merit retelling.

Grandfather Asael Smith and Grandmother Mary Duty Smith in 1 792 had brought their family of young stalwarts into Vermont from

New Hampshire. Joseph Smith,

Senior, was the second eldest son.

The run of frosty late springs and

UNCLE JOHN SMITH, THIRD PRESIDING frosty early falls in Vermont between 1814 and 1818, helped to

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH propel many Vermont families to the cheap new lands of western

EDITOR'S NOTE uncles of the Prophet New York and Ohio. Joseph and THREE Joseph Smith, brothers of the Lucy Smith migrated from the

state granite in 1816, the other and father, Prophet's readily united the contributions of While followed Smiths thereafter, soontheir destinies the the with family lives and of Joseph

Smith, Sr., to the Dispensainfant Church and remained valiant settling, however, in Lawrence

tion of the Fulness of Times County, which borders New York, It is death. interesting unto to note are to the wellknown Church, River St. Lawrence lands and this article three these deals today the that with repthe men are

families of the brothers of resented in the Church by over three

Sr. Smith, Joseph To sum up

the contributions of this one thousand descendants, President family to the Church would George Albert Smith being one of to write be a sketch of the them. Thus Asael,* Silas, and John

Sr., Church. Smith, Joseph

Patriarch. His sons, Hyrum Smith stand with their betterknown

of the First Presidency and brother, Joseph Smith, Senior, as

Patriarch; the Prophet; Joseph memorials to their patriarchal

first Samuel, missionary; and

William B., Apostle. father, Asael Smith, Senior. Two

General Authorities of the sisters of these men, Priscilla and from the Church family of HyMary, also accepted the gospel.

the jointmartyr, rum Smith, include: John Smith, PatriThe eldest brother in this family,

arch; Hyrum G., Patriarch,

and Eldred G., Patriarch; Jesse Smith, proved to be a Laman

President Joseph F. Smith, of unbelief who rejected the claims

sixth president of the Church, of all forms of religion, including his sons, Hyrum M., Apostle;

Joseph Fielding, Apostle; and those of the restored gospel. Lucy

David A., of the Presiding Mack Smith recorded that this Jesse

Bishopric. Joseph F., son of and a sister Susan were the only Hyrum M., Patriarch.

two of Asael and Mary Duty GEORGE A. SMITH

'Some historians use the spelling "Asahel"SON OF JOHN SMITH 176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA'Silas Smith, the second faithful uncle of the Prophet, accepted theFAMILIES &J*'e'M gospel in Stockholm, Lawrence

County, New York, and moved to

Kirtland in 1836 with his elder brother Asael. He was fiftyseven

years of age. With them they

brought their aged mother, MaryOF Duty Smith, who died soon afterOSEPH MITH'S wards, but not before she had been able to greet her grandson, the UNCLES Prophet Joseph, in whose mission she only seventy miles from the VerKirtland in 1836 at sixtythree years placed implicit faith. Silas Smith

mont line. Joseph and Lucy had of age. In 1839 Asael and family and his family suffered the pains

journeyed 125 miles farther westwere among the expelled Saints of exhaustion of the Missouri exward to lands south of Lake Onfrom Missouri who settled in Illinois pulsion, 183839. He died in his

tario, from which the county where and Iowa. Asael was then sixtysixtieth year, in 1839, soon after

they settled received its name. six years of age but of vigorous the merciless persecutions had

After the gospel had been reframe. He was a member of the thrust him into the state of Illinois.

stored and the Church of Jesus stake high council in Lee County, It is a sad coincidence that Silas'

Christ of Latterday Saints had Iowa, from 1839 to 1842. He was elder brother, Joseph Smith, Senior,

been organized, one f the first ordained a patriarch by the Twelve also suffered a serious break in his things that Joseph Smith, Senior, Apostles in Nauvoo, October 7, health during these same severe set about to do was to carry the 1844, at seventyone years of age. tribulations in Missouri and died at

Book of Mormon and the gospel The following is recorded about Nauvoo, Illinois, in 1840, one year message to his beloved parents and Asael Smith: later than Silas.

brothers and sisters in Lawrence

County, New York. His father, His principles, precepts, and exJohn Smith, the third uncle of the

Asael, was then weak with what amples were worthy of imitation, and Prophet's, and the youngest among proved to be his last illness. The shed a lustre that does honor to his them, (being ten years younger than

restoration message, however, fell high and holy calling; he died after the Prophet's father), outlived his

illness, painful long left and and air. like six years. his ears a familiar had on a brother Asael by He He a

family to loss. numerous his mourn

its doctrines and the embraced Book (L.D.S. Biographical Encyclopedia, (Continued 234) on page fervently, that declaring of Mormon 1.) Vol.

now were fulfilled words he had before spoken to his family, that Asael was sevenone would arise of his lineage to tyfive years of age do a great work for God. when he died in the

The Prophet's uncle, Asael faith in Iowa, July

Smith, (named after his father), 21, 1848. The vigwas baptized by Lyman E. Johnson ors of the exodus

in 1835 at Stockholm, Lawrence from Nauvoo had

County, New York, and moved to sapped his strength.

NICHOLAS G. SMITH

JOHN HENRY SMITH ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

SON OF GEORGE A. SMITH THE TWELVE

MARCH 1950 177 MISSION TO

SUTTER'S FORT IN 1846 OLYNESIA

The Story Of After an absence of five years Addison Pratt JtL SOCIETY ISLANDS MISSION and four months, Addison Pratt is reunited with his family.

arrive or where they would situate 5u cJjoule oL. Ljtmen

could only be guessed. MANAGING EDITOR

Sam Brannan had left in April THEdayshalfstarvedaboard thepassagesail schoonerof thirty twofor thecompanionseast, travelingby horseback,overland hopwith camefor hiswithfamilythe Churchto movetointoCalifornia.if they

Providence between Tahiti and ing to meet Brigham Young and But when Sam Brannan returned

Hawaii proved little more than a conduct him and the Saints over a short time later with the incredible monotonous voyage to this man, the mountains and through the valreport that the Saints were going

Addison Pratt, who had spent much lays of the western wilderness to to remain on the sunparched, sageof his life on the sea. Nor was the the paradise he had found for them covered lands of desert by the salt

continuation of the trip from Hawaii on the Pacific Ocean. Until he resea, nearly a thousand miles from

to the port of San Francisco in the turned or word came back from the haven of beauty he had chosen new land of California impressive him, there was little to do except for them in the shadow of the enough to warrant more than a wait and work and pray. It was a Golden Gate, Addison knew there

brief mention in the journal of this hard blow to Addison to realize that was only one course to follow. He

man who was ordinarily a faithful many more long months must pass must join the Saints in their place recorder of dayto-day events. The before he would see his family. of refuge in the mountains. Addivery fact that he was nearing his son received one pleasant surprise,

home and a reunion with his wife It was grainharvesting time in however, when Sam Brannan and four daughters after an ab-* California, and the three hunhanded him a letter from his wife sence of four years made the tedious dred acres of wheat which the revealing that she was still in journey short and the hardships colony of Saints had planted in the Winter Quarters but intended to pleasurable. spring was calling for all those who come west as soon as she was able.

Arriving in San Francisco on were willing to swing a scythe or Brigham Young had said that

June 11, 1847, Addison found a drive an ox. Addison's offer to the Pratts would be reunited in the

west. Even before Louisa had leftcolony of Church members—those help was immediately accepted, and

who had come to California with he left straightway for the farm Nauvoo, when the Saints were makElder Samuel Brannan aboard the which lay one hundred and fifty ing preparations for the trek, she ship Brooklyn the year before. miles by water from San Francisco inquired of a friend, Almon Babbitt:

To his eager questions: "Where on one of the tributaries of the San "Can you divine the reason why

are the rest of the Saints? Are they Joaquin River. Many weeks passed those who have sent my husband

coming to California? Do you know before Addison returned to San to the ends of the earth do not call

anything about Louisa Pratt and Francisco. Still there was no word to inquire whether I can prepare

her family?"Addison received no from the east, so he went to work myself for such a perilous journey?"

comforting answers. The California building a house with Brother LinThe answer would have made a

Saints knew only that Brigham coln, whom he had converted and weaker heart turn cold. Elder BabYoung and his people had planned baptized in the islands. At least, bitt answered: "Sister Pratt, they

to come west. When they would he thought, he could have a home expect you to be smart enough to

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA go yourself without help, and even This was the winter that gold the south branch of the American to assist others.""Well, I will was discovered in the tailrace of River. So Addison, along with

show them what I can do,"she rethe sawmill, on which six of the most of the members of the plied; so she renewed her courage Battalion men were working. Gold! Battalion, forsook the gold fields

and began making preparations. Gold! Gold discovered on the where men were becoming wealthy

Still she could not reconcile herself American River! The cry echoing almost overnight, to outfit himself

to going. Day after day her down from the hills was picked up in for the trip which would rethoughts turned toward her childSan Francisco and resounded as if unite him with his family and

hood home where her parents still by wireless far and wide, and, while the Church. Even so, it was July

lived. Should she go west, or should that cry brought men pushing madly before they were ready to start.

she return to them? Wouldn't it from all directions in one of the The place appointed for rendezvous

be easier for Addison to find her at greatest gold rushes in history, the was Pleasant Valley, fifty miles her parents'home than in the men of the Mormon Battalion reeast of Sutter's Fort.

wilderness somewhere in the trackmained true to their word and The company when it finally less west? finished the work for Captain Sutter gathered consisted of forty men and

In desperation she wrote a letter that they had contracted to do. one woman; seventeen wagons;

to Brigham Young. "What shall They panned gold only before about two hundred and fifty head

I do?"she inquired. or after their workof oxen, cows, and calves; and two

"Tell Sister Pratt ing day and conto come on,"word 'J'he time had now artinued preparations hundred horses and mules.

came back from the rived for the longto leave for the Addison had been dreading much

Prophet by messendreaded job of crossing Salt Lake Valley as more than anyone knew the jourger. "The ox team the Sierra Nevada soon as spring thaws ney that lay ahead of him. Each

salvation is the safMountains. in the mountains time he gazed eastward towards the

est way. Brother would permit their snowcovered Sierra Nevadas,

Pratt will meet us departure. which rose like a row of majestic

in the wilderness where we locate and will be sorely disappointed if his family is not with us."

That settled it. The Prophet

hadspoken. She would go with

the Saints.

About the time Sam Brannan returned from his trip east, in the late summer of 1847, discharged soldiers from the Mormon Battalion began arriving in San Francisco.

One group, under the direction of

Brother Levi Hancock, followed up the base of the Sierra Nevadas, hoping to cross the range at Walker's Pass, but the men lost their way and passed down the San

Joaquin Valley. On August 26 they

camped near Sutter's Fort at the junction of the Sacramento and

American rivers. Most of the

Battalion men were poorly clad—Photograph by Hal Rumel

and otherwise illprepared to conwhite with snow all summer long and looking like majestic thunder pillars tinue the journey to the valley of the Great Salt Lake in the fall, so This was also the winter that a thunder pillars, and which he knew many of them decided to remain in branch of the Church was formed he would have to cross, sensations

California that winter and make the in San Francisco with Addison of absolute horror enveloped him.

last leg of their long march come Pratt as its first presiding elder. Before leaving Nauvoo he had

spring. It was in May, more than three had a dream showing "the whole

Work was available. Captain months after the yellow metal was cruise"of his mission. The dream

John Sutter, a Swiss immigrant, was discovered, that Addison Pratt went revealed that on his way home, near carrying forward a number of enterto the "diggings,"remaining only the end of his journey, a feeling of prises and hired some fiftysix of four days. At that time a messendread would come over him that

the Battalion men to help harvest ger came from Sutter's Fort with would be almost "insupportable."

and thresh several hundred acres the report that the scouts who had It seemed as if the very fates were of wheat, work in his tan yard and been sent into the mountains had let loose on him, and when he saddleand-shoeshop, and apply returned with the word that a road awoke, he was "as miserable as if their skill as carpenters and joiners could be made across the Sierra the pangs of hell had got hold"of in building a gristmill and a sawmill. Nevadas near the headwaters of (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1950 179 to clear road or do other heavy work, he spent much time fishing to help furnish food for the camp. In

fact, he proved so efficient in the activity that during the whole trip, whenever a stream or a lake was near, he was relieved of other assignments in order to fish. He records, "And they gave it as a

general opinion that I could catch a mess of fish if I could only find rain water standing in a cow track."

After the worst part of the mountains had been traversed and the snow peaks which had caused Addison so much uneasiness began to fade from sight, both Addison's health and spirits were "fast on the mend,"and he could once more "smile or even laugh as in other days."So the trek continued along

the Truckee River, Mary's River,

Goose Creek, and around the north end of Great Salt Lake. When they

arrived at the settlements about forty miles north of Salt Lake City, several of the brethren learned that their wives and children were in high up in the mountains where before, Salt Lake, and they left the com- a white man's toot had never trod pany to travel on horseback as fast as they could to meet their families.

tried to persuade they AddiWhen matters lame he worse, even wasMission to Polynesia refused. son them, with His he to go reinjury had from an which he (Continued from preceding page) so disappointments been had many his off falling ceived horse from

him. Many times during his mis- "that took fright and jumped stiffduring the past five years that he

sion the scene had come to his mind legged, a trick well known to anyfelt he could not rush headlong into and caused him much discomfort. one who has had anything to do with another one, but some twenty miles

Tossing about the sea in a frail California horses."In a place called from Salt Lake he met Brother Hate

craft for weeks on end caused him Slies Park, where they camped who told him that his family was in no anxiety; landing on savage and for ten days while the scouts went the city, having arrived on Sept.

one week before. Brotherunknown shores he could look forahead to explore, he became quite 21—just

ward to with some degree of anticiill with "ague and fever."But the Hate guided Addison to the home

pation; living on a tiny coral atoll on fever soon left, and, as the journey of a Sister Rogers, where Louisa

a fare of fish and coconuts he could progressed, things started looking and the girls were staying. They

take in stride; but the mere thought up. Addison found an experienced had learned that Addison was to

of walking over those mountains young teamster who agreed to drive arrive that day. Louisa was in her

and through those deserts that lay the oxen, and Addison was prowagon, dressing. Brother Parley P.

between him and his family brought vided with a horse so that he would Pratt had proposed taking the famback to him the same feeling he had not have to walk. ily in a carriage to meet the longexperienced in his dream in Nauvoo. awaited missionary.

The fears were not entirely withSoon they were "high up in the When Addison stepped inside out grounds either, for this man of mountains where before, a white the door of the house, he saw a the sea was not used to pioneering. man's foot had never trod,"and young woman down on her knees

And traveling with soldiers who the party had to be constantly on scrubbing the floor. Brother Hate

were now completing the last of a guard against Indians. Three scouts said, "Ellen, here is your father."

thirtythree-hundredmile trek on who were sent out to explore the Recording the event, Addison foot was no easy matter, and, as trail were murdered; cattle and wrote,

stolen with shot horses were and a of drivenhe team oxen had never

I in as up stepped and She jumped normal arrows. Other poisonedbefore, completely them he found caught of hold exan with hand my jourperilous of such a tire of happenings ofunmanageable. one The that pression as wild as a hawk washis wheels came off almost before ney were also experienced—wagons and exclaimed, "Why, Pa Pratt, you

he started, thus he fell behind the were capsized; wheels were broken; have come home."The next two,

rest of the company. Even before and repairs had to be made conFrances and Lois, were soon on hand

reaching Pleasant Valley, he broke stantly. and looked equally surprised. The

one axletree, his wagon tongue, and During this part of the trek, youngest, Ann, was out to play. She

one of the wagon hounds.. To make while Addison was not well enough (Continued on page 230)

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the speech really meaningful you

Give Your needyou wantto knowto makeexactlyin thatwhatexplanapoint tion. To force yourself to be

specific, write down your objective clearly and concisely, for example: SPEECH

My purpose is to explain how M.I.A.

gives people of many age and interest a levels opportunities to participate.

If your objective is persuasion, POINT you might write:

My purpose is to persuade my listeners that it is to their advantage to participate &it in M.I.A.

<=>Loul6e oLlnton Jaumon When you have written it down,

V checkand thoughtfully.the purpose again,Does carefullyit state

\o talk much and aryour intentions accurately? Is it as specific and clear as you can

rive nowhere is the make it? Make sure of your point

same as climbing a tree to by summarizing it in one complete >> catch a fish.'but simple and forceful sentence.

wsssjKfcyK*** Try to condense your speech into unforgettable sentence. Conone you do in life, you Whatever for instance: sider,

if effectively will do it more you know clearly what your oblimit your presentation M.I.A. has something

jective gives direction to teenager and for every is. A goal wellunified, to the M.I. A. Such P to do. adultyour actions serves and as speech directed a limitation of subyour

measuring against rod which you is excellent, ject but much requires Or thecan check value of what you do what want you prepthought andthink this and do. For reason you to It within accomplish is to advantage your aration.can make speaking any experience to Mutual! to out come limits? these

more profitable both to yourself and to your listeners if, early in the Do you want merely to describe This statement, often called preparation process, you decide or explain the M.I.A. organization? "central idea"or "theme"or "subwhat your purpose is in making the A speech with such an objective ject sentence,"should vividly sumspeech. might be very appropriate to a marize in one sentence the entire

Your listeners need to know the group of nonmembers, and it could speech. If it does, and if you are

direction of your ideas, for it is be counted a success if the audience satisfied that it is the best sentence hard to follow a rambling speaker. understood you and went away you can formulate, then you are

You need to know the direction of with a clear mental picture of the ready to begin using it as a measuryour ideas, for a clearcut purpose M.I.A. activities and purpose. ing rod for the ideas you have

will give an invaluable check on the Or do you want to set the higher gathered.

relevancy of material; and the goal of persuading the audience to List all of the material you want

knowledge that your speech is wellparticipate in M.I.A. activities? A to use in your speech and consider

directed and unified will give you speech with this objective could be it in relation to your objective. You

important selfassurance. counted a success only so far as will probably find that you have

The task of "giving your speech your listeners began to participate more than the time limit will permit a point"is much more difficult than in Mutual—or at least, wanted to you to use and, moreover, that at

most people think, however. A participate. A persuasive speech is least onefourth of the material,

unified, welldirected speech reusually more difficult to give than though closely related to the central quires much careful thought and a speech of explanation, for while idea, actually does not help you preparation. the latter involves only understandachieve your purpose.

Let us assume that you have foling, persuasion is a process in which Put these ideas firmly and ruthlowed carefully the suggestions the emotions and reasoning are lessly to one side. Never let a

made in the last two articles of this closely intermingled. In preparing fondness for a particular idea or

series. Perhaps you have chosen a speech, therefore, decide first on sentence persuade you to include it

as a topic the structure of the one of these two general objectives. if it does not help you put across

Church, but you have only fifteen Many people stop at this point your point. Too many speakers

minutes to speak. Therefore, let us and say vaguely, "Oh, my purpose choose their objective and then prosuppose that you have decided to is to explain M.I.A."But to make (Concluded on page 232)

MARCH 1950 181 / V ZW SauT: / WINNEMUCCA <*****oA, /

,CASPER fr/PT. LARAMIE

R0CK SPRINGS / wJ5**6S8t V v / IC*'8RIDGER. SALT

L,*&

/A Jt,mpmvemenip t Lra J4innouncei

A CHURCH HISTORY TRAVEL SERVICE

lived in of Lebanon) the TownWITHsue ofthe thepublicationfirst of ainseriesthis isof pattern:happenedthetherenametoofmakethe area,it historiwhat Lebanon,Hanover, New Hampshire (Smith family Hampshire (Hyrum Smith New

general and sectional strip cally important, what to look for attended Dartmouth Academy, now Unimaps of important areas in Church now—buildings, foundations, versity, here)

history, The Improvement Era angraves, etc., and how to get there Norwich,from hereVermontto Palmyra)(Smith family moved

nounces a Church History Travel by auto, bus, train, or air. Strip

Service for its readers. An effort maps will show in detail the points Whitingham—Whitingham Center

is being made to provide informain any given area, making it easy (Vermont) Area tion and assistance for Era readers to find the places and things to see. Whitingham (Town)

to enable them not only to visit imExtra copies of the strip maps will Whitingham (Village)

Center Whitinghamportant places in Church history, be available to Era readers at nomHill Town but also to enjoy to the fullest exinal cost as will also itineraries Jacksonville visits theirtent to points. such covering the major Church history Rochester—Palmyra—Manchester—like visit to areas. the birthyou Would Canandaigua (New York) Area

place of the Prophet Joseph Smith, These areas will be covered in to know what to look for when you the first series but not necessarily in Palmyra Village get there, and how to get the greatthis order: TownMacedonof Palmyra(Joseph Smith Farm)

est value enjoyment from and visit?your Eva Sharon—Royalton—Tunbridge TownManchesterof Manchester(Village) The Improvement

Travel Service will tell you how (Vermont) Area SacredStafford GroveSettlement

Joseph Smith Memorial Cottage Clark Chase Farm (Seer Stone found here) village to the farmtomont—nearestget to South Royalton, VerSouth Royalton Stafford Street School Sharon (Town)* Hill Cumorah the Prophetin the hills where was Tunbridge Canandaigua

born, and what to look for when Tunbridge Gore (Hyrum Smith born here)

Royalton (Town) there. Byron get Aurelius—Auburn—Portyou

Bethel (Joseph Smith, Sr., taught school (New York) Area This same information will be here)

given concerning many other areas. Randolph (Town) (Scene of Brigham Young's activities in

(Oliver Rutland born near here) Cowdery his youth) will section treated each beOne River Junction White Aurelius (Town) strip with a conmonth and map

Point Stony (Brigham Young married *In reading early the Church history word Towncise information following the same should be read Township. here)

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \JAMESOM '%NAUVOO

FARFAR OO KlKINGSTON WESTWEST.* NGSTOM 'N'C! | - == =3 LIBERTV'jtJRICHMONDk/, r—>-S=! O

city ''liiiuu Se<?/& ofJlfifesiiitiiiMimiiiiiiiiitiiiiiti MORMON PIONEERS

-i MORMON BATTALION MARCH3 i = = == = 5=5= ZION'S CAMP MARCH

and Heber C. Kimball lived and first

heard the gospel here) Mendon (Village) HISTORIC TOUR PLANNED Mendon (Town)

Victor FOR BRIGHAM YOUNG STATUE AND MEMORIAL EXERCISES

at Building Whitingham, Brigham Young's Harmony—Colesville—Binghamton national Capitol Tn the (Pennsylvania—New York) Area birthplace. a marble Washington, D. C,

statue of President Brigham Young On the return journey, tentative Harmony (Town) will be unveiled with impressive explans include a trip through MasMcCune Settlement (Town, Present) Oakland ercises, on Thursday, June 1—sachusetts to Albany, New York; Susquehanna

anniversary of his birth June 1, a ride along the Susquehanna River Harpursville 1801. from Oneonta to Bainbridge, ColesColesville (Town—Nineveh)

Bainbridge (Now Afton) to ville, then Harmony, and New South

Bainbridge days 29 ( three May On Monday, Philadelphia, City, and WashYork Norwich earlier made monument ), a beautiful statue the in to participate Bend ington Great of Vermont granite will be unveiled unveiling. Binghamton

at Whitingham, Vermont, birthFrom Washington the tentative place of the great pioneer leader. Area route is to St. Louis, Independence, Fayette—Waterloo (New York)

To afford an opportunity for Liberty, Richmond, Far West, Fayette (Village) those who desire to participate on Adamondi-Ahman, Denver, and'Fayette (Town—Peter Whitmer home)

both occasions, a Church history Salt Lake City. Waterloo

Tentaplanned. is being will pilgrimage about occupy The tour two Kirtland—Mentor—Painesville—following include Official will tive arrangements guide weeks. be John

a considerable portion of the D. Giles. Cost of the tour and Chardon (Ohio) Area

Pioneer Trail between Salt Lake other details will be ready for publiKirtland

City and Nauvoo, a part of Zion's cation shortly after March 1. For Mentor

Camp route to Kirtland, then to information write The Improvement FairportPainesville

South Royalton, Vermont, and parEva, 50 North Main Street, Salt Chardon ticipation in the memorial service at Lake City, 1, Utah. Hiram—Mantua—Ravenna (Ohio)

Area

Hiram (Town) Acre (Brigham Young's apprenticePort Half Byron Mantua (Town—Lorenzo Snow's birth-

( Bucksville) ship) place) Auburn Shalersville Cayuga Mendon—Victor (New York) Area Ravenna

Cayuga Outlet (Brigham Young's honey- (John Young, Brigham, Phineas, Joseph moon) and other members of the Young family {Concluded on following page)

MARCH 1950 183

A CHURCH HISTORY TRAVEL SERVICE On The Bookrack (Concluded from preceding page) Church history. With the relative contains( Concludedone hundredfrom pageselections1 70 from

locations Independence—Liberty—Richmond—places of various in mind eightysix It authors. includes such Far West—AdamOndi-Ahman will the picture clearer be much tales and dramatic the as the Mutiny of {Missouri) Area

Independence (Jackson County) the facts longer remembered. Bounty by Captain Bligh himself,

Liberty (Clay County) The first series of maps and Pitcairn's Island by Sir John Barrow,

Richmond County) (Ray articles inspired will which historicover Hall to the major James Norman (Caldwell Kingston) County,Far West visit the South Seas thus provided and history. If cal areas of Church ( Daviess yAdamondi-Ahman Count

for source trilogy. the a Into Bounty advisable, areas other wellso not

Catawba Galatin—JamesonStore (Haun's Mill) the the men, book best come famous still interest of great known but andBreckenridge their for contribution to the known will importance treated as be such

field of literature, but who came to beNauvoo—Montrose—Carthage—Ramus Topsfield, Massachusetts, ancestral

known as explorers and colonizers.—Keokuk—( Illinois—Iowa ) Area home of the Smith family, San—M. C. J.Nauvoo ( Commerce Diego (Mormon Battalion); Fort

Montrose Bridger and Independence Rock, ANSWER WITHOUT CEASING

Carthage (Margaret Lee Runbeck. Houghton Buren, Arkansas; Wyoming; Van Webster) (nowRamus Co., Boston. pages. 1949. 333 Tiffin, (Oliver Amherst, Mifflin Cowdery) (Iowa)Keokuk

Hamilton and Oberlin, Ohio; Zion, Jackson $3.00.)

thirty contains hopeful volume HPhisWarsaw Missouri; others. County, andQuincy helpful and indicate stories which April issue In the the area to be

that our Heavenly Father is available. Council Bluffs—Omaha—Winter treated will be that of the birthplace

if will only approach ask him and we Quarters—( Iowa—Nebraska ) Area of the Prophet Joseph Smith, in the

is aid. his This a companion to book

Council Bluffs Town of Sharon, Windsor County, The Great Answer which the author

Kanesville Bluffs) Council will (Now Information Vermont. be given several years wrote and which ago

Miller's also Bluffs) Council Hollow to routes showing Royalton, South given assisthas encouragement and QuartersWinter Omaha) (Now(Florence—now to village nearest the farm, memorial its readers. to In fact, ance many

Toronto—Downsview—Black Creek how to reach the Memorial Cottage, was from one of the letters about thatit

—Brantford—(Ontario, Canada) and other places in that area. Then book that the author took the title for Area will follow the Palmyra—Manthis book. Answer Without Ceasing

Brantford (Gospel first preached in Canada chester area and one area of major will make an invaluable book for the here) library exceptional an and book home interest each the month. When

PleasantMt. to those to send need comfort who series has completed, been ImproveWaterford C. /. and help.—M.Toronto will readers to able ment Era be

(Charleston)Downsview refer to the in magazines their own WHITTIER GREENLEAF JOHNBlack Creek Taylor, Joseph (John and

Mifflin Pollard. Houghton libraries (John A. to find the and answers Fielding baptized here) and others Mary

Hamilton many questions that now bother Company, Boston. 1949, 615 pages,

Niagara Falls (Ontario) them. By securing extra copies of $6.00.)

the strip maps and itinerary sheets rfHE subtitle of the book, "friend to

Other areas will be mapped and for a few cents each such a file can man,"indicates the type of person described later. be kept for ready reference. Whittier was and properly evidences

The purpose of these articles is The Improvement Era is glad to thepersonfactwhosethat hepoetrywas wholesomelya wellroundedre- threefold: first, to encourage be able to render this service to its cords his interests. The very wideness

greater interest in Church history, readers and hopes that it will be reof his interests probably holds the especially among young people; ceived as another effort on the part secret of his popularity as a poet. He

second, to make available to those of this big home magazine to be stated his conviction: "What avail

who plan trips to places of imporhelpful to the Church and its memgreat talents if they be not devoted tance in Church history information bership. to goodness?"and lived by that creed.

that will enable them to see the The service necessarily will be A firm believer in democracy, he adplaces still existing and to get the limited to the material published in vocated every principle that would asits preservation. Because he was sure

strip each month and the Era their the pleasure benefit frommost and that he not does mean kindly a man itineraries will and maps whichvisits; be third, to encourage a wider at times only; he displayed benign was

knowledge of the location of imporavailable at nominal cost. the courage and the fighting power of

tant historical places in order that a warrior, although as a Quaker he those who travel for other purposes decried war.

may avail themselves of the privWhittier was foremost in the great ilege of visiting historic points when movements of his day. He became

they pass near them. a leader in the abolitionist movement,

whose cause he valiantly advanced in

Another reason for this series is his voluminous newspaper editorials the belief that a distinct service can and poems. He was also a founder of

be rendered to the members of the the Republican party. In one of his

Church by making this information poems he showed his ideal to be:

available to members of priesthood "... to render less

quorums, Sunday School classes, The sum of human wretchedness."

and other groups who are studying—M. C. /.

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA aJtL MICROBE Bu Jfartln Ok men have looked to the V 2)r.Great DEAN, COLLEGE OF APPLIED SCIENCE for heavens evidences diof

vinity at work. The poet, as BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

one evidence, has been impressed when he has observed nature's But I have understanding as well as

... handiwork in the field of flowers. you;ButI askam nownot inferiorthe beasts,to you.and they

On one occasion a poet did write, teach thee; and the fowls of the air, shalland

Flower in the crannied wall, they shall tell thee:

I pluck you out of the crannies, Or speak to the earth, and it shall teach

I hold you here, root and all, in my hand. thee: and the fishes of the sea shall declare

Little flower—but if I could understand unto thee.

What you are, root and all, and all in all, Who knoweth not in all these that the

I should know what God and man is. hand of the Lord hath wrought this? (Job

Tennyson 12:2-3; 7-9.)

These comments make a man Is it possible that Job saw in the pause and reflect on the cause of earth what the soil microbiologist things. He contemplates nature's sees today? The microbiologist sees

activities and often finds that which the invisible microbes at work, forty which contribute to the ease of makes him feel that there is design billion of them in every pound of working of the soil and also makes or purpose in nature. soil, in all sorts of shapes and sizes, possible soil conservation practices

One cannot help enjoying an Old working with dead plant materials so necessary for the preservation of

Testament reference found in Job, and soil particles, liberating essenour great national heritage. This

chapters 11 and 12, in which is tial plant food elements, and taking life in the soil builds up and makes described a conversation carried on very little time for rest in between available for man many growthby Job and his comforter, Zophar. each phase of their many activities. promoting substances such as vitaZophar is said to have asked Job The soils—man sees them enmins which are used to improve

the question, gaged in attacking even disease man's health and lengthen his stay

Canst thou by searching find out God? germs and killing them so that they upon the earth. These organisms

canst thou find out the Almighty unto cannot give trouble to human do indeed determine where, how, perfection? beings. These soil organisms deand when a man shall live.

It is as high as heaven; what canst thou velop miracle penicilas drugs such writer after So impressed was onedo? deeper than canst hell; what thou lin and streptomycin and make life this soil that it studying 11:7-8.) he statedknow? (Job

Job answered and said, possible for these substances to be that the soil population gives eviextracted soil the from to used be of dences but are ye No doubt the people, and later for the control by experts of shall diewisdom with you.

... good and evil, peace and war, cothe germs which shorten would

enmity. and They mean man's life upon the earth. The operation

that without them much to man would man soils—man who specializes in a have no food, no clothing, no wood soto

study of the life in the soil sees build houses, and the world would become these germs liberating byproducts uninhabitable.

One cannot contemplate this wonderful piece of nature activity without becoming impressed. If the

soil microorganisms and their activities should have been left out in the original planning of this earth's creation, then the earth would have continued to be without form, and void and darkness would still be upon the face of the deep.

In the face of all these discouragements Bishop Nielson advised his people to stay.

?ORT ON THE FIRING LINE CONCLUSION

The colorful history of the San Juan country of KJlLtie.X.J 'Jman

southeastern Utah has long been a favorite with the Era family of readers. For the more complete

of serial,story Posey, see the Outlaw "The of After emphasizing what had beenNavajo Albert R. Mountain,"beginning by Lyman,

issue of theon page 598 October 1936 of The details Additional of the Era.Improvement San said to the people of the mission on

colonizationJuan be found may story, "Hole in the Rock,"by Annain thePrincecontinuedRedd, two previous occasions, that the beginning in the January 1947 Era, page 16. mission was of tremendous importance and would have to be carried

Thieves, drouth, dead markets, a on by them or by some other people, bill in Congress proposing to the three men asked of each man oust them from all their possesindividually if he were willing to sions, and now the prospect of stay. Every man in the meeting

building the cribs again on a costly consented for them to write his foundation which at best was but a name as one who could be depended temporary structure and might be on to stay, and Brigham Young, rendered useless at any time! Men Jr., wrote every name in a little

dropped their hands and relaxed in book he carried in his pocket.

despair. Yet in the face of all these Silent forces were already at

discouragements Bishop Nielson adwork to bring about many changes.

vised his people to stay, reminding That bill, hanging fire in Congress them they had two big, unattained like a sword suspended by a hair objectives yet ahead. "I've helped over San Juan for years, resulted

to pioneer six Utah towns,"he said, at length in the appointment of a "and I'm too old and wornout to special committee to visit the counbegin again. The only move to try and see if it were a fit place for The committee's adverse report

which I look forward now is the the Piutes to live. That committee, exploded the dreamers'arguments

move I shall make when they carry astonished and amazed at the unfor a legal Indian reservation in me to the graveyard on the hill."

He was in his latter seventies, and he still worked as hard and as A special committee appointed by Congress reported long as other men, and in their that San Juan was decidedly unfit for the Piutes. Its

great love for him his people thought lack of good streams and farming land, its rock, its sand, his fidelity was worthy of a better and its drouth made it the wrong country in tuhich to cause. All the same most of them civilize a wild people.

thought a move was inevitable, and another letter was sent to the leaders of the Church, asking them usual region through which they San Juan, and someone awoke to come again, look the situation were conducted by guides from feebly to the fact that the Piutes over, and say whether they still Bluff, reported that San Juan was had never yet acknowledged the required the people to stay. decidedly unfit for the Piutes. Its authority of the United States, and

In answer to their petition Briglack of good streams and farming it was again proposed that they be ham Young, Jr., Anthon H. Lund, land, its rocks, its sand, and its appointed a reservation and placed

and George Teasdale, of the Quodrouth made it the wrong kind of within its boundaries.

rum of Twelve Apostles, came all country in which to civilize a wild When the Piutes understood they the way from Salt Lake City, a people. Worse than that, its many were not to be approved among

journey of at least three long days dens and barriers, its mountain their ancient retreats but to be j&nt by team from the nearest railroad passes, and its corners of safe reto some other country,'they resolved station, Thompson Springs. treat had already emboldened the as before to do their own appointing

"Your task in this country is not Indians to do what they never and stay in the region of their little accomplished,"they said. "This is would have dared to undertake in valleys east of Elk Mountain. If

a very important post; and the great some other country, and the longer it had been the Navajos, twenty

objective in calling you here has not they lived in San Juan the worse or thirty thousand strong, a Kit Caryet been reached."they would be. son would have been on the job to

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA put teeth into the government's orhe still held. This gave them the Piute Frank, an old fanatic, bent

ders, but with this pesky little snarl key to most of the Blue Mountain, halfdouble with some spinal disof Piutes, spoiled children requiring cleared now of most of its undeorder, was the grand high priest of more attention than they were sirables where the outlaw empire their ignorance at the opening of worth, the easy thing, if they began had flourished. Monticello rose up this century.

to snivel and threaten, was to let from her humiliations and abuse No white man, though he lived them do just as they pleased. That and became the county seat. in their country and saw them every

is exactly what they did, crowing Finding themselves more prosday, could give any complete list exultantly about their freedom from perous as the drouth broke, the old of their killings. No white man got

all outside orders. settlers bought the big Cunningham far enough into their mysterious

The killing of that reservation ranch at LaSal. They bought out world to discern how many men,

bill, although it eliminated one the Dark Canyon Cattle Company women, and children came under source of uncertainty, had no more and a number of smaller concerns, the deadly ban of their superstitions.

effect on the drouth than it had on and before they were aware of it, In that Piute world, as distant from the Piutes. The dry spell hung on they controlled the whole of San the United States and about as well

till that bill was remembered as a Juan County, a region more than six known as if it had been on the lost possibility. The winds blew times as extensive as the state of moon, lived ghoulish creatures and

the grass up by the roots and carRhode Island. monsters defying all description. In

ried the loose soil out of the fields. Prosperity came as the bright their narrow world they held tenThe mountains could not be seen sunshine after the storm. With the aciously to their ancient customs,

for clouds of dust, and the whole whitefaced cattle increasing in the the same as if the United States face of the country was dark and big grass, a new and longhoped- had not come and reached all dreary like the most wretched for era was ushered in. The old around them for hundreds of miles

region in the world. Those who log huts with their dirt roofs disapin every direction. When a man,

stayed, besides the immovable napeared one at a time to be replaced woman, or child became burdentives, stayed because of their unby homes of brick and stone. Bluff some from sickness or advanced

compromising devotion to the became, with one exception, the age, he was thrust out of the wickimission or because they were too wealthiest town for its population up without blankets on some fierce poor to move. west of the Mississippi River. Much night to perish from exposure or

Like a bright rift in the dark of what had been implied in the rehe was left to die for needed attenclouds, through which welcome sunpeated promises of prosperity to tion in some camp from which they shine pours into the gloom, the the holders of the fort if they would were moving. They might return

signs and figures of prosperity beto burn the corpse in a heap of dry gan to appear in the drouth. That limbs or they might avoid the place

Coop sheepherd, which they had for years. Major Problem Two,

bought at a seemingly extortionate chronic and complicated, was at the price to keep the people from being (Continued on page 216) driven out of the country, had increased steadily, even through the dry years, till the bishop who advised them in the first place to buy

/hen the Piutes understood they tuere not to be approved among their ancient retreats, they resolved to do their otvn appointing and stay in the region of their little valleys east of Elk Mountain.

Appointed fcy some strange fate to take a prominent part in the impending trouble was Posey.

it as a company herd, advised them now to buy it as individuals.

The old settlers of San Juan becarry on seemed to be budding into gan to realize that they had surreality. And yet Problem Two, the

vived the drouth, while the winds Piutes, who had never yet been with their dust clouds had blown made a part of the United States, most of the buzzards off their remained deeply rooted in all their roosts and out of the country, guns evil precedents, a sure prophecy of and all, purifying the range and serious trouble.

making it safer than it had been San Juan, the Piute melting pot for years. The builders of the fort for outlaw Indian blood, was sure,

took heart and bought Carlisle's as such pots are always sure, to ranch and the flock of sheep which bring forth a more vigorous type.

MARCH 1950 187 home. You would want to be a

mother. the with I brought home me in |e'll love day, be some you is essenthat the gospel knowledge I'mand not sure I. But you I know

part of to true happiness—and day,now. Some somewhere we tial

is the gospel you.

other.will discover each

I don't want to lose that knowl-

I'm fresh home from the mission edge, dream girl. Because if I do,

field, still feeling the only way title a I to will lose everything—my

still feel,returned missionary can marry happiness and my right to floating on memories too new to be dim. And, dream girl, I'm looking

for you.

Two years ago I was one of the—moreboys, runningconcernedthe racewithofsharppopularitystyles

and goodlooking cars than anything else. Along with the few

serious moments given to schooland study, to quorum meetings and REAM

Sunday School, there was all the frolic of the modern merrygo- round. Girls then were for fun, not

for keeps. If they could dance and dinner. I saw a husband and wife

had pretty eyes or a cute smile, I treat each other like enemies and had an occasional "case"on them. their home like a prison. For the

But marriage seemed a long way off. first time in my life I realized that

Then came the call, the farewell, marriage could be misery.

the field. I was a missionary. How different was the home of

There was the humbling realization the young Latterday Saint couple of my greenishness and the regrets I met. Love for each other and for

that I hadn't spent more hours the gospel was in their every act. I

gaining an understanding of the saw them hold family prayers even plan of living. I worked and though their "family"consisted so

studied and prayed. With new unfar of only one toddling twoyear-

derstanding of the precepts of old... a baby boy who one day

Christ came new determination to asked his mother, who was lying live them, and what had been a pale on the couch, "Sick, Mommie?"

vague inner assurance became a and when he somehow understood burning testimony. I began tasting that she was, fell to his knees and

what is only a word until you do began praying for her. I could see

taste exalted happiness the love in that family's eyes and it—joy—an

that pleasures passing the dwarfed feel the the joy—in happiness—yes, desirable so thoughtI had only their home.

yesterday. I began to comprehend Before my eyes was the conyou. But not wanting to is not

the deeper significance of love and trast—the contrast between couples enough. There are things I know

marriage and the family. I began who with differing attitudes and I must do and things I must not

thinking serious thoughts about the opposing religions married in the do. For one thing, I know that

girl of the future—about you, dream world's way, and couples who with association with evil leads to acgirl—wondering, like all who are common ideals and common purceptance of evil. The best way for

young, where you were and how I poses married in the divine way. I me to remain clean and faithful is

would know you. realized now that the advice of to associate with young men and

I met people. I was startled by Church leaders to marry in the women who are clean and faithful.

their kind of life—by their kind of Church and in the temple was And so I'm not interested in themarriage and home. Doors opened, wisdom. I knew that it was ingirl who gives her lips freely—the

revealing husbands and wives spired of God! girl who is immodest in dress and

whose faces showed bitterness and And so, dream girl, I thought of conduct. I'm not interested in the

disillusionment. I saw neglectful you. You, I told myself, would girl who changes her standards to

parents and neglected children. I know what I knew. You would fit her company—the girl who can

saw a tenyear-old who preferred want to share the joy that would see nothing wrong with an octhe gloom of a pool hall to argucome from walking through life casional cigaret or an occasional ments at home. I heard a mother with the Lord at our side. You drink or occasional immorality. My

try to explain to her tiny daughter would want to go to the temple. mission taught me that a lot of what

why Daddy, who had been drunk You would want to be queen of the we youth like to call broadminded- for three days, wasn't home for greatest kingdom on earth—the ness is evil, and that the phrase "just

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA once won't matter"can be traced to other for what we want to be as well Does she know enough of money the prince of lies. I'm not looking as for what we are. And when we and its value to help us move forfor you among questionable comdon't see eyeto-eye, we will kneel ward financially, enough of health

panions. I'm not looking for you handin-hand and seek the inspiraand dietetics to care wisely for our

at shady parties—because, dream tion of the Father, family, enough of culture and edugirl, you're not there. So there you are—in my dreams. cation to teach our children to love

You will not be the kind of girl There will not be many tomorthe good and beautiful in life?

who cares nothing and knows nothrows until we meet. And when Can I picture us dreaming and

ing about homemaking. Marriage we do, I will still enjoy dating and working together—sharing the

will bring us faceto-face with the dancing, still laugh with you, still bumps and stumps as well as the relish good clean fun. But I will successes?

Can I picture us kneeling together in harmony, thanking the

Lord for each other?

You will wonder about me in the d->u a f\ecentu same way.

Because we know what we know feel, and feel what love and we will l\.etvimea LMionar*'i marriage to be sacred us. And

if we keep ourselves unspotted from other—andthe world, ifif wewe prayprepareto Himfor eachwho

knows our hearts—we will be

brought together. When that day

downto-earth problems of living. sense the inner part of you, too. I comes, I will find it easy to love

will will There be meals to prepare feel your and love for you, because, dream girl, the Lord faith—your dishes for, clothes to wash, to care I will God. not be concerned with loves you.

and dirt to battle. There will be your popularity as much as with

budgeting and sacrificing. There your spirituality, with your face

Will be all the cares and responsiand figure as much as with your

realized notv that the advice of Church leaders to marry in the Church and in the temple was wisdom. I knew that

it was inspired of Godt

bilities of parenthood. Going ideas and ideals, with your ability

through the temple is not a magic to dance as much as with your solution of the problems of life. It ability to make a home. I will see

is their beginning. And that's why you as my future queen. And I

we both must spend some time prewill wonder:

paring for the responsibilities we Is she close enough to the Lord will carry as husband and wife, and to want a temple marriage?

as parents. Will she make our house into a

Neither of us will be perfect, home—and want to bring children

dream girl. But we will love each into it?

MARCH 1950 189

iwiD$eDl rn to

ONEplesof I thehavemosthad interestingthe privilegecouof convincedchurch, I wasthat baptizedit was theApriltrue1, meeting through genealogical CHINESE 1944, on my fiftieth birthday. Prior

and temple work is Brother Kwai to joining the Church of Jesus Christ

Shoon Lung and his charming wife of Latterday Saints, I was a

Gladys, with whom I have had staunch believer in Confucius. I GENEAEOGY had studied the works of Confucius,many interesting conversations

about the gospel. Brother Lung is and when I read the Bible, I found

a pharmacist at the Queen's Hospimany similarities of which I quote 5u dessie? Ar. <=U.ma6eu one: Confucius said, "What youtal in Honolulu and is well loved

and respected by the hospital staff don't want for yourself, don't give as well as by many friends in the to others."The Bible said, "Do

Church. He speaks five dialects unto others as you would have

in Cantonese, and has studied others do unto you."

Mandarin and can converse a lit- I am thankful for the priesthood tle in it. He is a quiet, refined that I hold and for the privilege to

gentleman, and he and his wife are enter the temple with my good faithful temple workers and rarely wife and of doing the work for miss a temple session. They are ourselves as well as for our dead andeeply interested in genealogy and cestors.

are doing a fine work in that field. I knew my family records were

Brother Lung related the followkept in a josshouse in my father's ing to me in our conversations pervillage in China, so I wrote to my taining to genealogy. sisterin-law for my genealogy, and

The people in China consider she had someone copy the recthat to know their ancestors as far ords. (A josshouse is a shrine or

back as possible is of great importemple where the names of the dead tance. Confucius said, "When one are recorded. ) Each village has a

drinks water, he should know its josshouse where they record births, source; hence we should know deaths, and some marriages. Some

where we come from."Once every clans record the male names only,

year a big memorial festival is held while other clans record both the in honor of the dead ancestors of male and female names. ( My wife

each family or clan. This memorial belongs to a clan that records both.

begins one hundred days after Brother and Sister Lung pictured with the author I told my genealogy class that I winter begins (which makes it about had a vision one night, in which I the twentyfirst of December or saw many of my dead kindred near our Christmas time) and lasts (4).. Chung Chow, or Moon Festibeckoning me to work for them.

one week for each generation, val, which is always the fifThree days later I received an anstarting with about the fourth teenth day of the eighth swer from my sisterin-law with greatgrandparent and coming month, Chinese calendar, or the records enclosed, twentytwo down to the present generation. It about our September pages written on both sides in

is called Ching Ming and consists Chinese characters, containing, beof offering sacrifices by burning Brother Lung's testimony is as sides genealogy, historical sketches candles and incense in front of the follows: of each ancestor, account of the

food and is strictly a family affair. After having investigated the removal of the bones (a custom

The food consists of fowl, fish, gospel for over a year and being which is sacred to the Chinese), pork, rice, and tea. and an inventory of the rice and

There are four big festivals held rice fields left from one generation in China every year; they are as to another, dating back as far as

follows: 1221 A. D. As my clan only re-

(1). Tung Chit, or Chinese corded male names, I was unable

Thanksgiving (our Christto obtain very many female names.

mas) I am now translating these Chinese (2). Sun Nin, or Chinese New characters on family record sheets

Year, held thirty days after into English, and expect to have

Tung Chit between two and three hundred ( 3 ). Ching Ming, or Memorial Fesfamilies when I am completed.

tival mentioned above, which I have a great work ahead of is held one hundred days after ancestors me and feel that my dead

OF PHOTOSTATIC COPY GENEALOGICAL CHART begins winter IN CHINESE (Concluded on page 211) 190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA talk given by Patricia Sykes, a

Gleaner Girl in the Edmonton Branch of the Western Canadian

Mission.

MY TWO

HOPE CHES

RACTICALLY every girl in p inwardthe worlddesirehas ato secretbecomeor a wife and mother, and thus many of us have started to fill hope chests, thinking that some day the articles -Photograph by Alfred Blythe, Edmonton we have worked on and put carePATRICIA SYKES fully away after completion will be Stitches, or prayers, are very imof use in our own homes. portant in practically anything in

How many of us have thought of my spiritual hope chest, and I have meats, vegetables, bread, cakes, storing away spiritual things which been taught every different type by with each recipe tested by wonderwill these make homes happier and very capable hands, those of my pioneer women. You ful cooks—the mother.more worth while? I like to think this recognize as the docwould

that every girl who intends to marry When I was nine, I received a trines of the gospel, with the sechas two hope chests to fill. In one, gift which was also given by my tions as the Bible, the Book of Morshe places the material things of the parents, a beautiful gift of pearls, mon, the Doctrine and Covenants,

world, and in the other she stores which you would know by the name the Pearl of Great Price, the Artiaway spiritual things that she has of "Repentance and Baptism."cles of Faith. This book will be

had to work on in order to secure. These are pearls of great price and my way of keeping a family

To begin with, I have my spiritual are not available to those not in spiritually strong and healthy, and hope chest which is life itself, for the Church. These pearls will en- I can see where I must do much

without an earthly tabernacle in able me to marry in the temple of reading and studying of these which to put my spirit, I would the Lord, and therefore they berecipes of life in order to give my have nothing. This hope chest was come more valuable, in my eyes, as children a wellbalanced diet. I

a gift from my mother and father, I get older. Every boy and girl must also be sure that their inand I am very thankful to them for in the Church receives a gift to dividual needs are taken care of

it. compare to these pearls, usually and that no member of my family

The first article that was started when they are eight, and it should becomes sickened on one thing.

for my hope chest was one of be priceless in the eyes of its I have many other articles "Faith."This I have compared to owners. started, and many more to begin;

a large quilt which was started The next thing I stored away was dish towels, for instance: they will

when I was about five and which I the gift of the Holy Ghost. This take time and a lot of stitches.

finished several years ago. But I is a large, white, and beautiful These will be known as "Patience."

have many more quilts to finish in cloak which covers me from head to You can never have too much paorder to marry and rear a family, foot, and which is at my disposal tience, understanding, and tolerand the pattern of each will be intriany time. It helps to keep me clean ance, no matter how much time you

cate and difficult. The quilts must and spotless, and I have made use have spent acquiring these and how

be sewn together with strong, sure of it many times. The remarkable often you have prayed concerning

stitches, each stitch representing thing about it is that as long as I them.

prayer to my Father in heaven to live a good life, it will never wear I have also started a collection strengthen my faith. A family needs out. of rare spices and perfumes. In

many quilts to keep warm and Next in my hope chest is a large everyday life these would be comfortable, so I must have many book, bound together with thick, known as "a sense of humor."

quilts to protect from the cold, sturdy stitches—-a cookbook diPerhaps it can't be compared to

blustery winters of life. vided into many sections; soups, (Concluded on page 214)

MARCH 1950 191 EAR AND Ul

dive in graceful movements and When we arrived, there was send their haunting cry echoing nothing but wilderness. So dense

(L5u (L>l5a J-edterden among the hills morning and was the forest we had to cut down evening. trees to pitch our tents. From

Yes, Bear Cove is a peaceful beach to campsite was a struggle spruce. alders drooping and through is It place. home. my is place. peaceful a Cove the past icy chuckled creek I left Six An years agoBEAR and Ted Its are almost waters calm a from water door, dipped and we the Francisco San warcrowded hills risrolling landlocked by pool. ferngrown north. area For headed and bay to after ridge, towering ridgeing picture the six weeks it Within as he a homecoming, him was perpetual with coveredpeaks hundred different. Several I in was Alaska. reared born and was to water's edgesnow. From to fallen saw. our With trees had of wilderness nothing more knew hills are covered thesetimberline of a end one of us manning I each life learned campfrom than had

trees, patterned sprucewith somber trees. felled the Then bucksaw, in we in Utah. trips childhood ing my of patches with there:e and I limbs, off the chopped while of Ted being tired were We serpentine birch, while fire. of to the Most carried them busses, on crowded around pushed gully. alder every mark left. Some we stumps the we in crowded and crowded channel narrow.one our with pulled out or burned with fed up stores. were Westreets, a be might Sear Cove winch. air, gasoinhaling breathing smoky

Its greenblue lake. in comand snug was all camp Our of were line fumes. we Most tides 'jwith the twelve, tents, nine by fortable. a lives on Two our wasting of weary 'into furious

side. side One pitched by were inconsequenmeaningless of host relentless by the other the cookhouse, the was tials.

Bear Cove has been a remedy bedroom and storeroom. The

for all that. Here we have found cookhouse we set up on threefoot

the quiet, the peace, and solitude log walls so that we had plenty we yearned for. The air is sparkof head room.

ling, and every lung full is bodily For nearly two years these tents nourishment. And amid the granwere our home. The first winter

deur of nature the petty nuisances we cut cabin logs. They seasoned

of life have disappeared, leaving during the summer, and the folthe stern essentials that are a challowing winter Ted built the cabin.

lenge to our minds and bodies. We didn't suffer. Tents are

easy to keep warm, and the stoves were never permitted to go out.

That made the snow melt as soon as it hit the canvas, and we were never in danger of a cavein. As

the depth of the snow increased one winter, to five feet—we banked

it around the tents, and it added to our comfort.

Now, although we have a snug and cozy cabin, we look back at our "pioneer"days with nostalgia and good humor. They were among

of our lives. happiest mid the granthe satisfactremendous is a There

deur of nature tion in building one's own home.

we found the quiet, Now I can sit back, gaze at the the peace, and the golden, oilstained logs, and resolitude we yearned flect, "I helped saw down every for. tree that went into the making of

our home."OME

"..

..:...: /.::.

At Bear Cove we found everything we expected of Alaska desperate moment it seemed to be headed past the cabin and over

In contrast, the ridgepole won the bank into the water.

its eminence by good behavior. We Then it stopped with a thud.

had three perfect logs for the roof. Eagerly we ran forward to see

One would be the ridgepole, the where it had landed. The tip of

other two the purlins. We could the log rested against the middle

not decide what their order would sill log, directly below the place be. Two of the logs were at the where it should be. Our ridgepole

site, the other on a low ridge five had chosen itself.

hundred yards behind the cabin. Nature is very generous to us at

We decided to drag it down to Bear Cove. From the woods and

The wilderness of Bear Cove as we saw it on arrival compare and decide. We peeled hills, in season we get our meat

the log so it would slide nicely on supply—moose and mountain

the skim of new snow that covered sheep. Moose meat compares

Some of the logs have their the forest floor. Ted lined it up, favorably to the finest beef in

individual history. One gave Ted aiming it for the cabin. Then he flavor, texture, and color. Sheep

an unexpected bath. We had cut put a sling underneath to give it meat is fat and rich and must be

it in a draw some distance from a start, while I sat down and braced eaten only in sparing amounts.

the clearing. The best way to get myself with my feet against the We also hunt grouse and ptarmiit home was to drag it to salt butt. gan and rabbits. Within a few

water, float it around, and hoist At hissignal we gave a mighty miles are broad river flats, the it up the bank. It was a balky "heaveho,"and the log started on feeding grounds for thousands of

thing, resisting at every yard. its way. It slithered down the ducks and geese. A fat young

Patiently Ted worked, tugging and slope between trees, over roots, bear shot on the hillside in the pushing, prying it around roots around clumps of brush. Every berry patches is a true delicacy. I

and jacking it over logs until it second we expected it to hang up. particularly like the bear grease

was nearly at the water's edge. Jubilantly we dashed behind it, enfor cooking. It does not solidify

Triumphantly he gave a mighty couraging it as though it were alive. and, when combined with moose

jerk. The log slid easily across a Several times it paused and nearly tallow, makes the best kind of

mossy rock. Ted lost his footing. stopped then gathered speed and shortening, to be saved for pies

A moment later he was floundering went on. Out of the woods it slid, and specialoccasion biscuits.

in the chilly waters of Bear Cove. and across the clearing. For one (Concluded on following page)

fSSm*

I helped saw down every tree that went into the making of our home Exploring a new pass, investigating a lake we spotted from a lofty ridge MARCH 1950 193

DEAR LAND OF HOME

(Concluded frota preceding page) Gray dusk shadows the darker While we are young, we can

The icy waters of Bear Cove hours. The sun rises at three in rough it without too much discomgive us salmon, halibut, herring, the morning and sets at ten at fort. As we grow older, however,

flounders, crab, and shrimp, while night. These long, light nights have we want to live in comfort and

we dig clams on the beach in front an amazing effect on growing dignity.

of our place. things. At Bear Cove we found everyWild berries are abundant Native grass grows six feet tall. thing we expected of Alaska. On

cranberries, pungent mossberries, One turnip fits snugly into a man's the physical side there are game, black currants, and acres of bluehat. Cabbages weigh from thirty good soil, water power, an adeberries on the hillsides above timto fifty pounds. Strawberries are quate timber supply. The intangiberline.We get all the coal we want, anfruitsinchandandvegetablesa half in diameter.are deliciousAll blesand includemonotony,freedompeace,fromtime,restraintand

without cost. Across the bay the and sound, juicy or crisp according opportunity for study and mental

sandstone cliffs are interlined with to their nature. expansion.

of coal. Erosion veins wearsbroad

is that to for not care use do denying hunt no There we We the leaving the sandstoneaway well. sport. visit the our as After animals hardships wild have When

cliffs. thecoal from protruding

first clearing, in the their winter's for us bringing paid our had we

Finally the coal breaks off and young to our door, we find no supply of groceries, we moved totumbles to the beach. We need the homestead with less than a

it into our boatonly load and purse. dollar in our Of course we

bring it home.

all through worried, but we came is All traveling the done by boat. right.

Seldovia is thirty miles from Bear

Cove by water. Because of the As yet we can't earn enough on

heavily indented shoreline, the the homestead to supply even our distance to town by land would simple needs, and Ted has to go be nearly two hundred miles. The away to work during the summer.

country between is so rugged and Certainly I am lonely out here broken that there is no question of alone, and frightened sometimes, a road ever being built. but now we are established and the

days of separation are almost over.

Not many women live in this section and those who do usually If people would only realize how stay close to home. The first year easy it is to achieve contentment,

we lived here I saw only three there would be more happiness in women and nine men. I rarely go to the world. The law of compensaSeldovia more than once a year tion is a just and righteous balance.

but do not miss social life. Bear Cove is a peaceful place This is what Bear Cove gave us

This life is not for everyone. In for what we paid. For the satisthe six years we have lived here, faction of being a complete partner

I gave up nicewe have seen six couples come, to my husband, clothes, moving pictures, convenstay a few years, then leave. At pleasure in killing. We haven't

present there are one other couple the heart to trap and kill more than tional social life. For the privilege

and one bachelor living in the we absolutely need for food. of being his own boss, managing

Cove, with three places vacant and For diversion we hike. Holidays his own time, Ted gave up a secure

for sale. find us in the hills, exploring a new but humdrum lifetime civilservice

not appointment. have do We lake investigating a pass, keeping we have no trouble We ties, so family particular close have

is It ridge. is alspotted from a lofty amused. There andbusy

ways homestead work to do. We an awesome and sobering feeling made no sacrifice in that direction.

love to clear land. There is a to come upon some hidden valley Lack of electric lights is offset by

great satisfaction in enlarging and think, "Maybe we are the first clean, pure air. (Neither of us has

the clearing, letting sunshine to white people ever to see this been really sick since coming here.

land that has been shadowed beplace."We have colds about once every

neath thick forest for countless Although we are still living two years and haven't even had years. somewhat primitively, in a few any tooth decay.

By law, we have to clear and years things will be better. AlWe- have to carry our water

cultivate ten acres to get title to ready we have started to get out from the creek but can look at the eighty acres we have staked logs for a larger house. Then we beautiful, calm, and serene Bear

as our homestead. So clearing will have running water, inside Cove while doing so.

land is a necessity as well as a plumbing, modern conveniences. A We have never had a moment's

pleasure. nearby waterfall on which we have regret. We think we did the

is We have a garden. From the power rights will furnish us with right thing. To us, Bear Cove

fifteenth of May until the first of electricity for lights, heat, and an island of contentment in a

August we never see the stars. power tools. chaotic world.

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "- "THE MOVING FINGER WRITES..."

Petroglyph of an elephant and a man. The elephant is seven

and onehalf inches high and ten inches long. IKalpktp J4. iSadtCJer &J

thirtyfive miles west of El Tovar

Hotel, and see what I could find. into Hava Supai Canyon and the

in the land of the "Sky ThereSupai—oneare twofromwaysPeachto go toSprings,Hava IndianWe wereagency headquarters.

Arizona, over the plateau for about Blue Waters,"where a fine stream sixty miles to Walapai, a governof bluetinted water about two feet ment tin barn with an oldfashioned deep and twenty feet across ring telephone in a box on the outbubbles up from a gravelbedded side; the other way is the mail canyon and makes Indian Valley

route from El Tovar, which goes a beautiful paradise for about three evening President George twice a week. We took the Peach miles. The water is laden with OneAlbert Smith spoke of having Springs route and reached Walapai lime and mineral like that of Yelonce read of petroglyphs of about two in the afternoon. We lowstone Park, and it forms its

prehistoric animals having been rang the telephone, and the agent at own ponds and waterfalls of found on an Indian reservation on Supai (the name of the Indian travatine.

the South Rim of the Grand Cantown) said that we could come The Indians have lived here for yon of the Colorado River. He down if we had all our own supplies hundreds of years. The first white

stated that he would like to know of food and bedding. He would man known to have visited this

more definitely of the discovery send an Indian with horses up for valley was Padre Garcia, who was and what it was. The conversation us the next day, and they should taken alone by Walapai Indians

led to the conclusion that pictures reach us about noon. to this enchanted land in 1776.

of prehistoric animals could only We lay down by the tin barn, The object of our trip was to have been made had man and the and the wind blew all night. The find the Indian drawings, called

animals lived at the same time, as tin rattled, and the sand, dry petroglyphs. Where they have not

man could not draw a picture of leaves, and small sticks—perhaps been exposed to the elements, thousomething which he had not seen. even bugs—fell on our faces and in sands of Indian drawings and

As I was spending considerable our ears until morning. It was cold paintings in Utah and Arizona have

time photographing unusual and—April 6—and we didn't sleep endured to this day because they

outstanding natural phenomena, much, but morning came with its {Concluded on page 239) and ancient Indian lore includwarm sunshine, and about noon we ing Indian hogans, moqui houses, saw an Indian winding his way up and petroglyphs, I volunteered the side of the mountain toward us, to go to Hava Supai, an Inleading our horses. We packed

dian reservation on the South hurriedly and followed our guide

Rim of the Grand Canyon, about down the fourthousand-foot ledge

This drawing of what is apparently a

The above petroglyph was photographed along the Colorado River below dinosaur is eleven inches high. The tail

Moab, Utah is about nine inches long.

MARCH 1950 195 LATTERDAY SAINT

ITERATIVE

cares of life. It does not, however,

follow that to give relaxation the literature must be simple. The paradox of human taste is evident in

the fact that although we call for the passing book, we never really have a good time unless we feel we are improving ourselves. Literature of escape can hardly be considered great unless it increases our

awareness of life.

We conclude that books of the bestseller group may be a reflection of a spurious public taste rather than the quality of the book. Francis Hackett in his preface to the

book, On fudging Books, says:

Why isn't it legitimate, in literature as in everything else, to give the public what it wants? When we observe how the

public can be led by the nose, how it can be seduced by flatterers, bamboozled by medicine men, turned swinish by warmongers and panicmongers, is there any hope for it? Is there any other name for

it than the ugly one coined by H. L.

Mencken? "Isn't the people a boobocracy?"

HThe Latterday Saints have been busy as If we cannot depend upon public empire builders. Men and women cleartaste to choose our books, neither

ing the land, breaking the soil, conquering can we depend unfailingly upon the the desert, and providing for little children, reviewers. These critics at times

find little time to devote to cultural arts. will stand at odds with the world.

Too often, perhaps, they feel a desire to destroy the lot of writers except a Noah they would save.

he ancient art of telling ful economic and political factions Another fallacy of depending upon

T:stories is the best loved of give it force; the confessional story the reviewer arises from his reall arts and has the widest appeal. flourishes because certain readers viewing as a job. He cannot afford

A tale well told is the enlarger of in love with the idea of love dethe luxury of expressing his own every narrow life. It feeds the mand romance and excitement; the feelings.

imagination; it cultivates the taste; mystery story gravitates to the If public or reviewers'opinions

it teaches understanding and aphand of the literary adventurer who are not reliable, how may we measpreciation of life; and, to the wise thirsts for new thrills in blood and ure literary art? Probably the

reader, it offers a criticism which thunder. criterion by which it may be judged

vitalizes education. One type of reader, much more is its universal appeal, from first

Society does not demand the numerous, and overlapping other reading through repetitions of many greatest art. The sensational and types, is he who, at the end of the years and even centuries. To be

scandalous get a ready hearing beday, calls for a simple and heartfelt considered great, literature must cause of their brand; propaganda lay. True it is, that one contribu- ( 1 ) have a great message of univerliterature circulates because powertion from reading is escape from sal appeal, (2) contain beauty.

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Literature of universal appeal ture stand together to enrich life. for hungry children find little time

lives because its'plots are plausible. The onomatopoeia of word sounds to devote to cultural arts, to mediThe characters have been made to is capable in poetic combination of tate and write. Yet we have

behave as human beings would bestirring emotion as do music and written.

have under given circumstances. dance. Word combinations can In the other arts we have shown

Readers identify themselves and create images in fertile minds equal the world that culture need not. lag

their acquaintances with the charto the beauty of great paintings in a pioneer group. In music our

and sculpture. The very fact that success has been phenomenal. We

literature derives from the symbolic have composers whose names will makes its scope broad enough to stand with the immortals, and we invade the fields of all other arts. have music interpreters of national

The poet's eye glances from heaven and international fame. Our paintersCOMES OF AGE to earth and from earth to heaven have been given space in the great

and with imagination gives form galleries. Our sculptors have monuto things unknown. to their To are skill, which deserve ments Okoma$ 8$ caene composition literature, a y the all In archiname of the world. loved by ASS'T PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH

ditone, color, with be built must forty for tectural struggled art we BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY out perspective, mension, and of of years, eventual confident always acters. Famous authors recognize symbolic materials at its command success, to produce one great

the fundamental urges of men in the vocabulary of the language in masterpiece. Now, at the end of

all ages and treat these emotions which it is born. our first century, the world accepts

in their composition. They pack The aim of all art is beauty. the Salt Lake Temple as but one

their production with such intelliBeauty exists only as it is recogof many architectural marvels of gence and beauty that it yields nized and enjoyed and therefore is the small, united group of Lattermuch significance and essential dependent for its existence upon day Saints.

beauty at the first reading. Each the capacity of man to receive We have produced a literature, a

successive perusal becomes increasanother's expression of feelings and literature with a great message and ingly inspiring not only to one but to experience those feelings himnot without beauty. Like Samuel

also to many readers. self. The highest kind of art brings Johnson, Latterday Saints believe

A book may strike a responsive to light the truth of life and living. literature should instruct as well as

emotion in many people because of delight. So natural has it been for

its news value for the day. Yet HPo what extent have the Latterus to emphasize the instructional

if its message is not universal, its day Saints in the first hundred value that we have hardly heard

Pope's line, "True wit is nature to '"To deserve the name of litadvantage dressed."In fact, we

too often have not recognized literaerature, a composition must ture as an art.

be built with tone, color, di- A dyedin-thewool Latterday mension, and perspective, out Saint can hardly be a member of of symbolic materials at its the "art for art's sake"school. He

command... (Continued on following page)

Tt is an 'art and its aim must be beauty, a beauty tvhich exists only as it is recognized and enjoyed. The highest kind

of art brings to light the truth of life and living...

years of existence produced literature with a great message of universal appeal and artistic beauty?

And what might we expect in the next centenary? Our literature has

popularity flares like a burning not had universal appeal because we tumbleweed which, although burnhave been busy moving out of Babying with a quick, hot flame, just as lon and have been content to sing quickly dies. Such a book is not our songs only for those who, like

great literature. us, would come out of the world.

Writings, to deserve the name of We have been busy as empire literature, must be art. The six builders. Men and women clearing

major arts: music, dance, architecthe land, breaking the soil, conture, sculpture, painting, and literaquering the desert, and providing

MARCH 1950 197 LATTERDAY SAINT LITERATURE COMES OF AGE {Continued from preceding page) am convinced that we fail to realize In ages like our own when there is too deeply concerned about livhow completely, and yet how iris little common agreement regarding for eternity and making the rationally, wre separate our literary ing ethical standards, no true Chrisworld a better dwelling for the from our religious judgments."He tian or one who deserves the name

divine, to forget instructional values. follows the secularization of litof Saint, can judge literature solely

He is preoccupied with desire for erature during the last three hunby presentday literary standards.

reward for righteous living and with dred years. Bunyan and Defoe had Works of the imagination must exdesire to avoid sin. Moral purpose moral purposes, he says. But since plicitly meet ethical and theological

is as much a part of him as are Defoe, the secularization of the standards to be great literature to sensory impressions or daily bread. novel has been continuous. At first the Latterday Saint.

Our literature, therefore, has been it took religion for granted and Latterday Saint culture has conlimited chiefly to religious writings, omitted it. Fielding, Dickens, and tinued, during its entire existence, to

much of it of a proselyting nature Thackeray belong to this phase. root more deeply into world thought

and often with authoritative tone In the next phase it doubted or conand culture, and there it has found which, although great in the eyes of tested the faith. To this belong nourishment. But at times and to

a believer and marvelous to one of George Eliot, George Meredith, some degree we have failed to be kindred spirit, falls short of uniand Thomas Hardy. In the third aware of the beauty of world litversal appeal in the unbelieving phase, that in which we are living erature. We have seen elements of

world. We are at present a lamb and to which nearly all contempoungodliness and have failed to

in literary productivity with which rary novelists belong, are those who search for the good it contains. We

the lion of the world will not lie have never heard of the Christian have thought we could produce down. We love our religion and faith as anything but an anachrosomething new, unaware of the

its message so ardently that we nism. truth of the maxim, "There is nothwould give it to the world. We ing new under the sun."The young

have been so imbued with the rewriter who sits in the throes of vealed word, the infallible proofs, literary creation and feels the thrill and the logic, that we have written of inspiration as words flow from more to inform than to inspire. his pen often fails to realize that

Reason grants that first it is SMALL ACRES other great thinkers have had the necessary to get the food before we By Anobcl Armour same flood of glory, and that only place it on a decorative table. Of the few have given new light to the

* proselyting to a first importance I 'HERE was a salttang look about the world. century in our second Now

-*- man, litreligious is informativechurch select, read, judge and we shall erature. That, we have written. A narrowingsun, of eyes when he scanned great literature of the world, for

Yet in our anxiety to stay with As if he saw beyond the road's curved fan we have come to the realization that, the important fundamentals, we To reefs where breakers lift and foam and to be great writers, we must be great have failed to produce among faithrun. readers and great thinkers.

writers of imaginary ful followers have a message, and we have We literature have achieved who the obsession to communicate world Thesebirthsame small acres had been his since an or even national renown. Why And printed on them was the hidden chart message, the first requisite of an

have we lagged in this alone of the That would restore him to the rich brown artistic ideal. The message of the

great arts? earth Latterday Saint embraces all truth;

If only virtuous, is anything "If there its he could read the markings, with it heart probes and the human his heart.

praiselovely, report or or of good its faiths, aspirations; sorhopes,

worthy, we seek after these things."The change to sea had been as hard to rows, despairs, dejection; its whims,

( 1 3th Article of Faith. ) We travel face: smiles, and laughter. But our obLeaving pastures pink clover home where all live in with the world, tfie peosession has not into communicate

curled ple, the from accept them and fiction writing. freedom place, cluded alien shape in an To help

praiseworthy and lovely. With our A length and half again across the world. Writers have contributed to our

roots in the world, the time is now awareness in various styles, and ripe to sprout new branches in ficThis year the planting had seemed comeach has given us in his own way monplace, and days tion, biography, which and poetry life. better of understanding O,

the as slowly grain thrust through in all the Passed will recognition receive vigor it with comic and Henry does field, the world. But the problem is more But now he topped a rise and through good wit. His plots are simple.

easily stated than solved. The soft haze He prefers not to probe too deeply

artist communicate he Saw what must of fortune waves of wheat surge golden, harvest as he looks at each prank yield. instilled idealism in youth is. The separately, on. laughs, and passes

persists in our greatest thinkers who The season's cycle moved him, as before, Willa Cather in her novels sees often write with emphasis on the And lengthening his steps back down the living as and in which an art men hill, didactic at the of beauty. expense degree have to be in some women

Literature of favor morals found artists both. other pioneers and He, home at last, strode through his open or

in age, but a former the modern door the into dips O'Neill emoEugene has revolted. T. S. Eliot says, "I Through asters blowing purple at its sill. (Concluded on page 214)

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE ROAD TO INSPIRATION

(l5u (clarence Cdi t tn j/lunn.,. If one tvilly he can make his v dedication and begin his progress

to inspired work without waiting E was already a

ch?lounge.. H recognizedwhen I first pianistheard for life and time to bring about the

him. He had been born

and trained in Europe, and it was plain that his masters then whispering what seemed to be approving comments to each other.had been of the best. He Whenever the situation calledplayed the great concert for it, the musician rose and bowed

music with an exactness born stiffly in acknowledgment of the of talent ordinary no and three times grantapplause, two or training. Quite evidently

1'"% technical equally ening short and he Ip ambitious,was and he was the core numbers. program When

paying the price to realize \ was finished, he left the stage, his his ambition. >AVrfine face as expressionless as it

It was in the winter of had been when he entered. He had

1906 that I first saw his nimplayed like a masble fingers pluck beautiful His face was as immobile as though ter, but like an sounds from the piano keys, I it had been frozen into shape. automatic one who

was a freshman in a small college had been wound in one of the Central States. He finally came, I was one of a crowd up to do everything with complete

was on the school's annual lecture of college students and townspeople and unfailing exactness.

concertand course, in presented filled last that the to the theater row the listened when and I watchedthe city's largest theater. of the gallery. top people Musical last died selection the of had notes folders, brochures, The winand already of his fame. knew growing sincere really the apand away that cards hisdow heralded coming rest to the exhad responded The audience subsided. plause had The

I impressive.were for I knew,

read them all. The picture was cellent publicity. seemed amazed rather than touched,

I was handed a admiring rather than responsive.that of a young man whose every At the door

I overheard onefeature indicated that he was an richly printed program announcing On the way out artist. The face also showed the a number of the most elaborate and lady say to another, "That was

settled refinement of one who had difficult piano selections. I could perfect technique, if I ever saw

worked hard to become so. Native feel the atmosphere of expectancy and heard it."

by, and passed many The yearsability, waited. and I took my seat highly cultivated—that was as

in the reports musical Fromhis story. artist swift. the Presently famous

in this learned papers I that midway distincollege reporter on to the of walked I was on one stage—a his ambitions career public dailythe papers, guishedlooking so I often young whose man's heard man

pressroom gossip that did not go features had been well represented had changed. He had given up

into the printed columns; for inby the pictures. I noticed somehis personal concert work, or at

stance, I heard it said that this thing about the contour of his least tapered it off till it ceased, for artist carried his own pianos with forehead that was different and a service project. He had become

in finding developing and fine distinctive, iminterested face concert but his was ashim—two grands—so people and musical talent in young

it frozena available spare would had been always mobile as though be if anything happened to one of into shape. Perfectly groomed and children, and had become increasthem. These were taken to the dressed in the most correctly formal ingly absorbed in it till it became his

place of the concert and tuned unmanner, he bowed with stiff mechwork.

der his personal supervision before anical precision, took his seat on the He was successful at it, too, and each appearance. After the tuning mahogany bench, and began playstill is. In a large western city

came his daily practice period, ing his first number. his children's and young people's

which was never neglected. Some I was dazzled by the perfect orchestras attract wide attention

of these things I heard confirmed mastery he showed throughout the every season. Each one of the

from his own lips after he was no complex and difficult pieces he young people he works with has longer young. In those days he played. My critical abilities were been handpicked and developed by

was exacting with everyone, inlimited, but I was sure it must be him. Many of them go on to

cluding himself. good, for the members of the music orchestral or other musical careers,

I awaited the hour of the concert faculty were listening intently and and do well on their own. This

with great expectation, and when it applauding vigorously, now and (Continued on page 212)

MARCH 1950 199 ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR DIVISION OF RELIGION The third of an enlightening series of articles on the Book of Mormon BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Part III scribed 101by travelers in all parts of different settings of the two: when Arabia, and alAjajja, one of the the prophet's father dreamed himThe Problem greatest of early desert poets, tells self lost in "this field of the world,"

possesses in a high degree how a "mist of darkness"makes it he "could see nothing save dead,

Iehithe traits and characteristics of impossible for him to continue a fallen timber,"a picture which of the model sheikh of the desert. journey to Damascus. 10"In its nacourse faithfully recalls107 his own

He is generous, noble, impulsive, ture and effect Lehi's "mist of darkfrontier background. When Dante,

fervent, devout, and visionary, and ness"{Ibid., 8:23) conforms to this another westerner, sees himself lost

he possesses a wonderful capacity strange phenomenon most exactly. in the midst of life's journey (one

for eloquence and dreams. As to the When Lehi dreams of the vanity of the commonest and oldest of

dreams, when the Arabs wander, of the world, he sees "a great and dreams, we repeat—a very classic

they feel they must be guided by spacious building,"suspended in the among dreams) he is wandering dreams, and their sheikhs are often air out of reach and full of smart through a dense, dark forest, the gifted dreamers. 101 The substance and finely dressed people. {Ibid., forests of his native Tuscany.

of Lehi's dreams is highly signifi12:18, 8:26.) That is exactly how In a pleasanter vein Lehi sees "a

cant, since men's dreams necessarily the Bedouin of the desert, to whom large and spacious field, as if it represent, even when inspired, the the great stone houses of the city had been a world"{Ibid., 8:20),

things they see by day, albeit in are an abomination,1013 pictures the just as the Arab poet describes the strange and wonderful combinawicked world; and as the city world as a maidan,108 or large and

tions. It is common for men in Arabs still mock their desert cousspacious field. When he dreams

every age, for example, to dream ins (whom they secretly envy) of a river, it is a true desert river, of ships, but a man in Lehi's day with every show of open contempt, a clear stream a few yards wide must dream of particular kinds of so the welldressed people in the with its source but a hundred paces ships, and no others will do. big house "were in the attitude of away {Ibid., 8:14), or else a ragIn his dreams Lehi finds himself mocking and pointing their fingers"ing muddy wash, a saz7 of "filthy

wandering "in a dark and dreary at the poor little band of bedraggled water"that sweeps people away to waste,"a "dark and dreary wilderwanderers, hungrily eating fruit their destruction {Ibid., 8:32, 12:16,

ness,"where he must travel "for from a tree, and duly abashed that 15:27); such are the two and only

the space of many hours in darktheir poverty should be put to open types of "river"(for he calls them100 ness,"lost and helpless. (I Nephi shame. It is interesting that Joseph rivers) known to the desert Arab.

8:4-8.) Of all the images that Smith, Sr., had almost the same When Lehi dreams of people gone

haunt the early Arab poets this is dream, according to his wife, who astray, they are lost in a trackless by all odds the commonest; it is took comfort in comparing the waste, "wandering in strange

the standard nightmare of the Arab; wanderings of her own family with roads"{Ibid., 8:23, 32) or blunderand it is the supreme boast of every

poet that he has traveled long distances through dark and dreary "VXhen the Lord has a task to be done, he picks a wastes all alone. Invariably darkman who is most stilted for the tvork by temperasource as the main givenness is of ment and training. When Moses fled into Midian, he of the glare heat (theterror and

day, though nearly always mentraveled afoot in the very deserts through ivhich he... Lehi wastioned, are given second place), and was later to lead the children of Israel

the culminating horror is almost no less prepared and qualified for his great task.

always a "mist of darkness,"a depressing mixture of dust, and clammy fog, which, added to the those of "Father Lehi."But what ing "into broad roads, and they

night, completes the confusion of is significant is not the resemblance perish and are lost"{Ibid., 12:17)

any who wander in the waste. 103 of the two dreams (we could because of the "mist of darkness."

Quite contrary to what one would furnish a number of genuine Losing one's way is of course the expect, these dank mists are deparallels to that) but the totally fate that haunts every desert 200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dweller sleeping and waking, and single short poem the terror, the and correct procedure when Arabs the Arab poets are full of the terror loneliness, the long journey, the quarrel, and for all its popularity poets, no mere figure of the with thick), (sultry and of darkness mist "broad roads"andof "strange hll3. ways, the broad gulf,"the "awful is utwhatways."110 To symbolize

terly inaccessible, Lehi is shown "a and the paths that stray. The The powerful speech by which

great and terrible gulf,"(Ibid., Book of Mormon, in giving us not alone Lehi kept his rebellious sons in

12:18) "an awful gulf"(Ibid., a few such clear and vivid snapline is a gift demanded of every real

15:28), a tremendous chasm with shots (there are many more to sheikh in the desert, and, indeed

one's objective (the tree of life) come) of life in another world, furagainst the proud and touchy maddeningly visible on the other nishes picturesque but convincing tribesmen that is the114only weapon side; all who have traveled in the proof of its own authenticity. the sheikh possesses. When the

desert know the feeling of utter Nephi's complaint, "they sought men assemble in the chief's tent helplessness and frustration at findto take away my life, that they to take counsel together (cf. Ibid.,

ing one's way suddenly cut off by might leave me in the wilderness 15:12), the leader "addresses the

whole assembly in a succession of wise counsels intermingled with opportune proverbs,"exactly in the manner of Lehi; "people of any

other country hearing them speak,"says our informant, "would simply suppose them filled with a supernatural gift."11'"Poetical exclamations... rose all around me,"

Burton reports, "showing how deeply tinged with imagination becomes the language of the Arab under the influence of strong passion or religious enthusiasm.... If

Lehi's language sounds strangely exclamatory and highflown to us, it is because he is not a westerner, he himself explaining that the figurative language he uses is of ancient pattern, "by the Spirit of the Lord which was in our fathers."

(Ibid., 15:12.)

When the Lord has a task to be done, he picks a man who is most suited for the work by temperament and training. When Moses fled

into Midian, he traveled afoot in the very deserts through which he was later to lead the children of

Israel, and he lived and married among the people of the desert in whose way of life he117 was to instruct his own people. Lehi was

no less prepared and qualified for—Photograph by UnderwoodStratton his great task: richly endowed with

The land of the desert Bedouins of today means and experience, at home on the march, firm, resourceful, cautious, and unhurried, independent, and not to be intimidated (Ibid.,

provoknever yet 2:1-4), 1:1820, with canyons of those dreams one Lehi of "When provoked, sorely was he though ing could perpendicular astray, people gone appallingsides—nothing dehas Philby what exemplified he absolute, more abrupt, more be more trackless lost in a are they in moving a clared passage—that will so plans, to one's baffling and in rt'wandering charof strength waste. greatest the only of in it a day the wicked with be

1 "a party roads."carry can strange leader in a acter reckoning.

Wherever else one might find safely through a dangerous desert:

beasts"by wild to be devoured things, in comparallels to these in the (Ibid., 7:16) is ever from they could only come bination mouth Forconstantmanyanddaysinevitablenow I hadfrictionenduredof mythe

a man who knew the desert. Rubah, of the Arab poet, for to leave one's own fixed and unalterable purpose and

one of the earliest and greatest of enemy lying in the desert to be the solid weight of the innate national the desert poets, describes in a devoured by wild beasts is standard (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1950 201 LEHI IN THE DESERT {Continued from preceding page) had had business connections in ner of his flight is strictly in keeping inertia thrown into the balance against Egypt; living with the desert people, with the best conventions, and he

the united companions. by bodyme of my the himself in time a takes Sinuhe what became was we know now

Step step ever progressed by we had thirteen direction possible story, only sheikh. could he This

their step famous from but homenres, each.away.. lij

had been achieved only by the smallest hundred years earlier than Lehi's have taken.

margin as the momentum of a purposeful day, illustrates that coming and We have mentioned that "the mind triumphed at each stage over the going between the desert and the Jews at Jerusalem"who finally got inert mass ever ready to recoil from any city which from the first offered away when the city fell ended up 118 objective.arduous

obvious commercial and political adin Egypt. Many of them settled far

Those words might have been writvantages. As to the flight motif, had up the1 "6 Nile, at Elephantine or

ten to describe the achievement of not Moses and the prophets and Yeb. It is in that region that we

Lehi. Had the Lord wished it, he Father Abraham himself sought located, in a previous article in the

could have transferred the whole safety from their enemies by flight Era, ("The Book of Mormon as a party through the air; as it was, he into the desert? Most significant is Mirror of the East,"April, 1948, p.

apparently wanted them to do as the behavior of those very Jews who 202 ) some important Book of much as possible on their own, with had driven Lehi from the land, for Mormon names, not realizing at the a minimum of miracles. Of all when the city was finally besieged, time that those names belonged to

leaders, chiefs conof the the of Lehi's "the descendants Jewish own the righteous in Jerusalem, men

... hid in temporaries. the wilds colony durfamous the army 127 The Lehi singled out for a alone was

after ecsiege,"described the an as "but been and all was has task requiring of ing a combination lost, fled to the deviation centric broad 11 ""Hiding from they Egypt. qualifications of faith a measure and

which few men have ever had. But in the wilds"was exactly what Lehi pathway of Hebrew history: it led

though Lehi was no ordinary man, was doing. nowhere, and had no influence on

one fact about him should begin The desert to which Sinuhe fled the development128 even of Egyptian to emerge at this point of our study: was the country south of Palestine, Judaism."In such words we might

that he was an actual flesh and the classic hideout land both of describe Lehi's own migration—an

blood person in a real situation, and Egyptians and Jews, where "men eccentric deviation breaking off no synthetic and overdrawn charof all conditions and nations... completely from the main current of

acter of romantic fiction moving look to the Arab camp as a safe Jewish history, but, like the Eleamong the phantasmagoric stage retreat and refuge.""While the phantine settlement, preserving its

properties that were once thought Syrian desert is "the unenyied reown peculiar version of transto represent the gorgeous East. sort of defeated tribes,"121 the proper planted Judaism intact. The story

paradise of the outcast was ever of Elephantine, that scholars were

The Flight into the Wilderness Edom and the south country, "the at first most reluctant to believe, land of disoriented groups and of confirms the possibility of just such 'T'hat a wealthy Hebrew should individual fugitives, where organan emigration as Lehi's.

leave the land of his inized seminomad Arab tribes alterAs to the direction taken by heritance at a moment's notice and nate with the flotsam and jetsam of Lehi's party there can be no doubt:

on no stronger authority than a sedentary society, with runaway for many days they traveled southdream move his whole family out slaves, bandits, and their descendsoutheast and finally struck out due into the desert may seem at first ants.... Even the great mereast over a particularly terrible

blush highly improbable, to say the chants who brought forth the cividesert and reached the sea. Nephi

least. And yet Lehi was doing not lized Nabataean state placed their is careful to keep us informed of

only the sensible but also the ordiconfidence, says Diodorus, in their the main bearing of every stage of nary thing: from the earliest times ability to disappear quickly and the journey, and never once does he

to the present day the correct proeasily into the any commention a westerly or a northerly 123desert—like

cedure when going got rough in mon Bedouin. So Lehi is not the trend. The party traveled for eight

Egypt or Palestine was to seek the first big merchant to take to the years in but two main directions, security of the deserts. Take the backcountry with his worried without retracing their steps or

case of Sinuhe. He was a high offamily. Even in the present century doubling back, and many of their

ficial at the court of Amenemhet Arab farmers and towndwellers, to marches were long, forced marches.

I, and one night as he was dozing flee exactions of a tyrannical This entirely excludes the Sinaitic halfasleep in his bed, he heard Turkish government, fled to the Peninsula as the scene of their voices in the next room. What they desert and adopted the life of wanderings, and fits perfectly with

said portended a serious political wandering Bedouins. 124 At this very a journey through the Arabian

shakeup to his fuzzy comprehension, moment thousands oifellahin, raised Peninsula. The slowest possible

with danger to himself. So, taking to a life of farming, are starving in march "in a southsoutheasterly

nothing with him, he rushed out the Syrian desert as the result of direction"in Sinai would reach the afoot into the night and the desert hasty and illadvised flight from sea and have to turn north within where within fortyeight hours he their homes. As far as Lehi's flight ten days; 129 yet Lehi's people

nearly perished of thirst. He was into the wilderness is concerned, the traveled "for many days,"nay,

rescued by some Arabs and beBook of Mormon shows flawless months, 130 in a southsoutheasterly friended by a sheikh with whom he judgment in every detail: the man- (Continued on page 222)

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How this independent businessman got his start

We'd like you to meet a man who has Your Standard Distributor has his roots hung out his own shingle. and interests right in his own town; the

This Standard of California Distribumoney he makes stays in your commutor, like those all over the West, works nity. And because he knows local conas an independent businessman... and ditions through long experience and is

here's how we helped him get his start. building his own business, he does a better

We first turned over a going business job for us by doing an outstandingly to him with a good list of customers.We good job of serving you.

helped him learn the best methods of serving his neighbors well... supplied

the finest products, expert engineering help in meeting tough lubricating problems, the benefits of all our laboratory research and every other practical assistance possible. '

He, in turn, supplied the ingenuity, skill and ambition of a man who is working for himself.

This teamwork between small and large business has benefitted everyone.

MARCH 1950 203 TODAY'S

d5uri Skepkerdr may substitute for more costly furEDITOR nishings. The Chinese long ago

discovered that one beautiful flower arrangement was sufficient to satisfy the lonely heart and to counteract ARRANGEMENT the barrenness of an otherwise alroom. most empty EirJl VJa 4 art of floral arrangement The

PROFESSOR ASSISTANT OF ARTS IN HOME

ECONOMICS, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH may be acquired by anyone who sincerely seeks its mastery. Children may be allowed to assist with

this art and thus be led into artistic lovely home is but the echo of achievement. The following ideasA a lovely woman whose graciousness may assist the beginner better to

and good taste flow from her active, handle the arrangement of flowers:

creative mind. She surrounds her- 1. Flowers should be cut in the

self with an atmosphere of beauty evening and left to "harden"during and makes her home a fitting backthe night. This is done by submergground for her artistic self. She ing their stems deep in cold water.

chooses the furnishings throughout acquiredThe art byof anyonefloral arrangementwho sincerelymayseeksbe 2. The largestsized flowers and

her home carefully and selects its mastery. those with the deepest color are

colors which harmonize: paintings placed near the base of an arof lasting beauty and furniture of cut flowers add beauty wherever rangement. As the flowers rise

appropriate and enduring style. The they are placed and are a symbol from this base, they decrease in

sincere homemaker is indeed an in a home that someone really size and in depth of value until artist in her own domain. She is cares; and she knows that flowers the fragile buds top the entire aralso concerned with the exterior of add vitality to the plainest room rangement. The Chinese explain

her home and plans a garden that and, when artistically arranged, this principle by giving names to is attractive and one that will furthese three positions: the heavy

nish interesting material for floral substantial flowers at the base are arrangements throughout each called "earth;"the highest fragile

change of season. She knows that flowers are given the name "heaviii.ii:i'iii

Diet Does The Trick

E(very builder knows that the orpleasant,in painforfindsthoughtsit difficultwill revertto lookto dent.GoodNorhealthis isit notmerelya happyfreedomacciquality of his house depends on the physical discomfort, and the suffrom disease. It is rather a positive

bricks and lumber he uses in buildfering person will be egocentric quality of life which can be built ing it. If he chooses wisely, he is in spite of himself. This is 'the day by day to increasingly higher

likely to build well. If he builds at very antithesis of beauty. levels. Relatively speaking, the hurandom out of any materials which man body may be said to be as

to hand,come the most he can hope beautiful as it is healthy. An exfor is a ramshackle that structure

quisitely of furniture carved piece will delight no one or at least will oy,\,-KONo-@) that is not is scratched and dusty a limitedhave appeal.

Real beauty depends on the conattractive. Neither is a perfectly

dition of our bodies from tip to toe. formed body that is denied healthFundamentally, it is based on ful food, sufficient rest, and exerhealth, for it is a sound healthy cise. Lustrous hair, sparkling eyes,

body which magnetically attracts and clear, glowing skin are the prodpeople to it. One who is ill or tired (Continued on page 209)

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA en;"and the transition halfblown

flowers, those midway between the two extreme positions, are called There's NOTHING like "man."

3. Keeping these positions in

mind, there are many ways of arranging flowers: a. They may be arranged in a FELSNAPTHA!

halfmoon shape with the largest flowers near (but not in the exact center) crescent. of the No other laundry product gives you this b. They be arranged as an may

ascending flame with the leaves FELS blend of mild, golden soap and and flowers radiating from a low basic grouping of large flowers. active naptha—to get your family

c. They may be arranged in a

triangular shape with the largest wash fragrantly clean and white.

flowers at the point of the lowest triangle. angle of the

FelsNaptha does not need to boast about d. They be arranged in a may

vertical column with the flowers dewashday 'miracles.'Millions of women

use FelsNaptha every in size creasing after alternating and from week—& side to side they as ascend. trying other laundry products. of Many

,:.J,.,-.. these women "boast"that FelsNaptha 4 gives them better washing results.

sr% Especially in washing machine or automatic washer.

GET THE EXTRA CLEANING ACTION OF

MILD, GOLDEN SOAP AND ACTIVE NAPTHA

uTS.

f,-J.i MADE IN PHILA.

BY FELS a CO.

e. They may be amassed into a

"French Renaissance"bouquet. In X,

this instance, variety of color and profusion of bloom are the ultimate goals. 4. It is better to have a few

rather than too many flowers. Ssss

5. An uneven rather than an vt;

even number of flowers is a better choice.

6. height of the The arrangement of advice the follow you should suggest be about one a half and We users. FelsNaptha times the or width height delighted (whichTese you'is h,< ever laundrvlaundry greater) of the productp container what matter No e m.rac ed being socal used. including used, have better 7. get Flowers leaves and don't should be if you see detergents, placed so that is balance maintashfng results with EelsNapthaoap. tained. is "frog"The usually

placed to one side of center—the

flowers so arranged to compensate fe this lack of balance.

8. Many mechanical aids are

now ready to assist the student of floral arrangement. Ceramic artistshave designed specialized containers FelsNaptha Soap

for various types of arrangement.

{Concluded on following page). BAN/SHES "TATTLETALE GRAY*

MARCH 1950 205 FLORAL ARRANGEMENT

(Concluded from preceding page) and a forsythia branch may be

Metal wire frogs may be purchased pleasingly shaped to resemble a in various sizes. A bit of plastic miniature Chinese tree, which when

THAT'S clay pressed at the base of the placed in a bed of green moss with frog will hold it in place. Fern small figurines at its base makes

fronds, grass, or twigs may be cut an artistic picture. An interesting

Homemade waif in sections and pushed in the base "special treatment"may sometimes of the container to substitute for a be applied to tulips and daffodils frog. Fine florist wire, inserted in (jonquils) to facilitate their use in

the base of the bloom and twisted arrangements. By gently opening

around the stem, enables the floral the tulip blossom and carefully artist to control the position and turning back the petals, an original direction of the flower, or stems may fullblown flower may result. Daffobe gently bent between the two dils may be given a "treatment"

thumbs to shape the direction of too. The trumpets of these flowers

the stem. may be cut off to within onethird

MLLEYS) The season of the year should be inch of their base. These newrepresentative of the arrangement styled daffodils closely resemble

chosen. The typical March bounarcissi and are much easier to

quet, for example, should represent place in floral arrangements.

a position halfway between winter Like any art, the art of floral arand spring. Barren bent twigs or rangement becomes perfected by

pussy willows (as in the illustrapractice. Simple beginnings soon

tion) may be combined with fresh grow into skilful artistic expressions spring flowers. Forsythia comwhich gladden the hearts and

bines well other flowers of spring, beautify the interiors of any home.

NALLEY'S BEEF STEW TODAYS 5ami 9 QUALITY

ALL-O-WHEAT COUNTS CEREAL M, The Best and Most Healthful Cereal for Your Family to Eat!

The All-O- Wheat People use only the most carefully selected wheats with highWVl5vllD$ est food values.

They are skillfully milled to retain all of the food values * nature intended them to haveIT'S STEEL CUT—Photograph by Paul S. Bieler to realize that the preservation of

ALL-O-WHEAT IS home values deserves our serious

The home, a stable and pure home, is attention.

the Taste DELICIOUS to as a of functions the home The the highest guaranty to the NUTRITIOUS social education, of formal of social stability1 center Body and permanence in government.

EASY TO PREPARE gathering, religious training, health of other aspects and to use VERY ECONOMICAL colprotection, a Latterday Saint Remarked of the out passed living, have Try a package and of ALL-O-WHEAT lege professor recently, "Our note its DELICIOUS FLAVOR, home has largely become a picture. Specialized institutions have

the evidence that responsibilities, over these taken entire wheat berry place reson where youngest my is present have found youth and adolescent If is this turns to sleep."eat and

Ask Your Grocer Today For typically true, and it would seem to many and varied interests outeat they the places where ALL-O-WHEAT be increasingly so, we must come side families have Then, too, and sleep.

Or Write to CO. ALL-O-WHEAT

social size Doctrine. Gospel Selections in that the Sermons decreased from so

Ogden, Utah Writings and Salt City: Joseph F. Smith, Lake of family not the gatherings do among Co., 301 p. Deseret Book

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

have the fulness and gaiety of old.

A successful social evening often T\ necessitates bringing other families to the party. As a result of the

decreasing size of families, homes are smaller, and few can afford, nor do they seem to desire, the size home necessary for large gatherings. The challenge today is to

renew our faith in home values and to make the home more worthwhile than it has ever been before.

As one writer has said, "We may start to find our way to an answer by reminding ourselves that the value of the home is not in exact proportion to the amount of time spent in it... we should empha-1

size the quality of family life."

That, it would seem, is the test of a home's worth. Our living

habits, our sense of values, our training in selfdiscipline are largely acquired during the formative years of childhood. The effectiveness of

that training is the responsibility of those who control and direct the home; for truth does not change,

the elements of happiness and contentment are the same today as yesterday, and these are never sucyou'll wonder why cessfully administered by outside specialists. nobody thought of this before!

"Be a specialist yourself in truth,"3-Dimensional is an entirely new concept in bedding... a blanket designed

said President Joseph F. Smith to to keep you covered all night, no matter how you roll and toss. The new

parents in 1904, and that is the 3-Dimensional Blanket stays in place because it fits your bed... the only

great challenge to parents of today blanket made which allows for mattress depth, as and tomorrow. "Feed your spiritual well as length and breadth.

selves at home as well as in public 3-Dimensional has a tucking flap which makes kicking places,"he said. "Let love, and or pulling out at the foot virtually impossible..

peace, and the Spirit of the Lord, assures you of a full 6 feet of deepnapped fabric over the top of your bed. Neat boxmitered corners zip closed

sacrifice charity,kindness, 1. Spread 3-Dimensional resist for to pulling off to one side. by itself or Used miters at Blanket on bed, families.others, in your abound top of blankets, your conventional on mattress. of lower 3-Dimensional corners

Banish harsh words, envyings, haworks like a charm!

treds, evil speaking, obscene language and innuendo, blasphemy, CUTTOBEDMAKINGA TAILORMADETIME! BEDTHREEINSIMPLEA JIFFY...STEPS

and let the Spirit of God take NO BUMPS AT FOOT, OR TUCKS AT SIDES.

hearts.possession of your Do not D 3-Dimensional Blankets wool, rayonsatin are 100%let to specialists children out your

sight of 2. flap Tuck out in... available shades white... and 9 decorator

things, mattress teach butin these between them and by boundguaranteed against for 5 years. mothdamage at foot springs of bed.

your own precept and:i example, by Prices range from $13.95 for Standard 3-Dimensional

your own fireside. in twin or double size up to $17.95 for DeLuxe

The value of the home and family 3-Dimensional. Special sizes for "king size"beds at

surroundings as a training ground $29.95. Attractively boxed.

for altruism must not be underestiINTERESTED? Then write for the Free Booklet which

mated, for altruism is in sad need tells how to get greater sleeping comfort... how to

easily. beds more.. and where you can see theof a training ground. Honesty, inmake

3. Close and lock zippers, 3-Dimensional yourself. Blanket

too, integrity, in anddustry, 3-Dimensional justice—these,

place to stay. Your is bed chiefly learned from the exampleare is beautifully in a made

of others. Parents must seek every PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS mere matter of seconds.

avenue for making the family a 6639 N. Baltimore Portland 3, Oregon

unit with some common interests.

President Joseph F. Smith felt keenaOverton, Grace Sloan, The Home in a Changing

Culture. New York, Fleming H. Revell Co.

'Gospel Doctrine, p. 302 KOBtS SIESTAS SPOHTSTCK WOMEN'S FABRICS MEN'S HEAVY FABRICS

MARCH 1950 207 ly that parents should strive for wellventilated, warm rooms for

DISTINCTIVE comfortabletract and holdhomesthe familythat wouldtogether,attheirTheconveniencefamily hour, andwhenpleasure?"the fam-9

rather than for riches and expensive ily together may discuss spiritual outside diversions. "What are we needs, or social and economic RECORDS doing in our homes to train our problems, or seek edification through

is to music, good children; art, and literature, to enlighten what them?"

highly Family recommended. You'll Want In he asked. books, be "Have we good

games, music, and welllighted, *lbid. p. 318 Your Home

'THE KING OF GLORY"JESSIE EVANS SMITH and the Jwentuhue Jkoniand TABERNACLE CHOIR "BEHOLD, 'TIS EVENTIDE"(Solo only) DAY A Magnificent 12"record $1.31 BY RICHARD L. EVANS

SEVEN IMMORTAL HYMNS Tn looking at the length of life, it was the Psalmist who of 7 L. by the PromisedAn Album D. S. Hymns sung

Valley Quartet $3.95 said: "The days of our years are threescore years

... Thou carriest them away as with a flood; "MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS"and ten;

cleverlyNineteen dramatized songs for children in... So teach us to number our days, that we may apply

eyecatchingan $3.95 album 1 our hearts unto wisdom."And so, for a moment or

SMITH'S "JOSEPH STORY"OWN narative reading of the origin building of two, let us number our days, let us break down this andA the Church A. McKinlay. by Lynn scriptural allotment of life into a few startling figures:

Three records 12"semiflex with album $5.05

From your record dealer or direct from Seventy years times 365 means that this allotted length of life is about twentyfive thousand days. Of course,

RECORDING ARTS, INC. wenot maylive livethis longerlong. thanBut supposethis. Andwethenassumeagain,thatwewhenmay

St., Salt Temple Lake19 West South first breath, of twentyfive our each breathed us had City 1, Utah we

Utah customers sales tax add life. this to to in look days forward thousand For Orders Postage Mail Add When we

are young, it may look like a long time. But remember,

we have already used 365 days for every year we have "1 lived. If we're sixteen, we have used some six thousand days. If we're thirty, we have used nearly eleven

thousand. If we're forty, we have used almost fifteen

thousand. When we reduce life to this formula of figures,

it serves notice on us that if we spend it for one thing, we can't spend it for another. If, for example, we should

spend one day each with twentyfive thousand different people, we would have spent all this allotment of life.

rest, some to work, some to Haw to Make a Hit Some of these days belong to worship. Some belong to our friends and to our family

With Your Friends surely a goodly part to friends and family. Some of

these thousands of days will be filled with success and

Here's a surefire way to please satisfaction, and some with waste and some with waiting.

friends from outof-town: Tell Some will be lived in sunshine, and some in sorrow and

them to stay at the Hotel Temshadow. Surely the subject suggests starting early to

ple Square. You can count on learn what we have to learn and to do what we have to

us to treat them right. We'll do. And surely it suggests carefully considering our

show them to a fresh, comfortpleasures and pastimes and every purpose we pursue.

room; able the serve them alhave finTwenty-five thousand what we days—minus in est food at prices town—all plus long, that a spent, minus ready more

they'll to be glad pay. They'll

little if a there live comes a few more we if we longer—butdon't live appreciate your suggestion.

time in the life of every man when he arrives at the realization that the days are far spent. "Thou carriest

them away as with a flood."So teach us to number our

days that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom and fill

Hotel them only with the finest things.

Temple Square Uke Spoken lAJorcL FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

CLARENCE L. WEST PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD-

1, 1950 Manager iPsalm 90:10, 5, 12 CASTING SYSTEM. JANUARYCopyright King Features

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cooperatives—sharing the familybudget—is another common meeting

ground for all ages. The child

who has sat in on family councils and made his contributions to the solution of family problems will be better equipped to do so as an adult. Best of all, of course, are

the family trips together, the sharing and planning which come naturally and informally out of a deep and abiding love of each family member for the other and for the unit.

Home may always be the place where individual members share their joys and sorrows and are assured of finding understanding and moral support. And sensing the

need for love, understanding, and a true perspective, which are most readily found in the family group, it should become the firm resolve of parents that today's adversities will only strengthen the united front of today's and tomorrow's family.

Look to FORAGE for savings on feed in 1950! Now you can

cut and chop every type of forage crop with lowcost, twoBlueprint for Beauty plow power. Move each load from field to storage in minutes,

( Continued tcom page 204 while feed value is highest. Meet the challenge of highton-

nage feed with a new low investment in equipment, manucts of wisely planned living. They

power and time. Your answer is the AllisChalmers are achieved in no other way.

The recent trend in American dietary habits is anything but FORAGE HARVESTER beautifying: refined cereals and One basic machine plus any or all of three moderately priced

flour, sugar, canned and preserved attachments gives you:

meats, small foods, muscle too and 1. A DirectCut Harvester for grass and legume silage. fruit of fresh amounts vegeand A Windrow Harvester for chopping wilted or dry hay. tables. When these make up the 2.

RowCrop Harvester for corn, sorghums and other A dietary, beauty gradually fades. 3.

tall row crops.

In endeavoring to correct our errors, our fault is that we want Three machines in one bring another AllisChalmers achievement our food measured either in terms to modern family farming—a new cut in feeding costs. Ask your

of calories, or protein, or this min- A-C dealer to show you.

eral, that vitamin. or a If we have 'FORAGE BLOWER irritation, skin like a we would

special vitamin to counteract it, The Forage Blower's long ll'/i-ft. conveyor lifts

up for wagon to drive through. Special new

but we do not wish to change our curved fan blades throw chopped forage eating habits. If we are overweight, amply fast for power unloading of

we would like to undertake a strenuwagons. Matched to big capacity

ous diet for a month or six weeks of the Forage Harvester.

and then return to the old habits which caused fat to accumulate in Write for illustrated catalog. See

the first place. We fail to realize the new features that mean low

that minerals, vitamins, protein, and cost forage.

carbohydrates all work together to achieve a total effect; that our deficiency is not usually one element,

but many.

What we must do, if we are to ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1. U. S. A.

(Concluded on page 210) MARCH 1950 209 DO YOU HAVE A v (Concluded from precedingBLUEPRINTpage) FOR BEAUTY be beautifully healthy, is to reverse the trend of our food habits. CravLOCAL ings for sweets, strong seasonings,

excessive meat are not an indication that the body needs these foods. BOOK They are rather a clear indication

that wrong habits have been formed, for that to which the taste DEALER is accustomed creates an imperative desire. Our need is a complete diet

plan that will provide abundant health for the whole body. If we? are interested in beautiful skin, shining eyes, and lustrous hair, we and are valuable daily aids to

Write today... learn how you can can reeducate our appetites to gain beauty.

dealer become a BOOKCRAFT and permanent results. What shall we avoid? We shall interesting, earn extra money. It's

enjoyable and profitable work. Too, What shall we eat to be beautiavoid white sugar, white flour conyou'll performing an invaluable be

to service your community and ful? First of all, we must remember coctions; soft drinks, especially the Church through... that whenever a food is changed colas; candy and chocolate—subfrom its natural state to an unstituting dates, figs, prunes, or other

therefor; strong fruit confections state boiling, baking, (by

Making good books natural such as pepper and it loses seasonings pickling), drying, freezing, available to Church members. Books that are some of its potentialities as a beauty mustard.

colorful authentic, philosoenriched with estemptations are great, shall shall Modern phy, history and scripWhat 1 tural and builder. To change is not always easy. information. pecially in public places. eat However, fresh fruit and we eat?vegetables—notWe

cooked in sugar or peeled and one can weigh mentally the objecHelping teachers, stuboiled till they are lifeless—but tives in mind and choose accorddents and missionaries to unpeeled and lightly steamed or ingly. If I wish for beautiful skin,

get that books will make is at pie shall piece of a tempting eaten raw. and eat whole We their easier and work

elbow, I ask myself, grain cereals bread, I want and "Do milk, my pleasant. more

eating pie or do 2 cheese, eggs, nuts—and meat sparthe satisfaction of

ingly. Natural food supplements I want a good complexion?"And

an Giving members opsuch as wheat germ, brewers'yeast, upon my decision depends the relaaddi- to obtain portunity tional knowledge and dried milk, rice polishings, and black tive state of my good looks. Daily

wisdom from priceless molasses are better vitamin sources practice gives confidence and skill spiritfilled with books for than synthetic drugstore purchases in any field of endeavor. help ual comfort and 3 today's living.

TRY A NEW SANDWICH

wiches or to give added zest to BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main plain fillings.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Sandwich Batters

Cream one cup of butter or WANT margarine; then proceed as directed to TO STOP SMOKING? make one of the following butters:

will help you discovery, NicoStop, new medical tasting. Pleasant habit. A (a) Gradually beat in 2 tablethe tobacco stop

few drops on the tongue relieves craving AT spoons lemon juice.

the starts clearing system of acONCE and poisons. Recommended tobacco by (b) Beat in Ya cuP finely chopped cumulated

prescription. no need physicians, but you chives. Seaof only cost a few weeks'parsley and Y CUP the Priced at

smoking. Moneyback guarantee. If not son to taste with lemon juice.

to druggist's, write your at available Nico- (c) Beat in 2 tablespoons honey or Calif. Helena, 193, Saint Co., Box Stop Sales

NICOSTOP molasses.

without a sandwich you make 193, HELENA, CALIF. SAINT NICOSTOP, BOX Pan Sandwiches

information further about Please send me a slice or of meat, meat paste,

NicoStop. fish? If not, you've missed some of Avocado with: Name

the yummiest sandwiches. The (a) sliced cucumber, onion, or Address

City State savory butters given here may be tomato used alone for snacktime sand- (b) cranberry sauce and lettuce 210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (c)'parsley, watercress, or lettuce and salad dressing (d) shredded pineapple and lettuce

Chopped cabbage with:

(a) grated cheese and dressing (b) parsley and salad dressing or lemon juice w (c) ground nuts, dressing,,w CREAM SAUCE carrot with:Shredded tblsps. butter SimiiHiis 3

raisins, onion, and 1 ( a ) minced Milk cup Morning mayonnaise (undiluted) dressing (b) salad chopped nuts and mm\a\ys Melt butter, add flour and blend until smooth. celery, salad nuts, (c) chopped and

dressing Add cold Morning Milk and cook until thick- (d) finely chopped tomato and &\\ ened, stirring constantly. Add salt and

parsley '% tner desired seasonings. Pour over

(e) avocado %?% an y hot cooked vegetable just before 4>/>/

(f) shredded pineapple and dress- v servina.serving Or use it as a founda- /pM/M/.

ing (and minced onion if detion for cream soups.

sired)

Peanut Butter with:

(a) chopped celery or minced parsley (b) minced green olives (c) mashed banana and lemon juice (d) chopped dates (lemon juice if Dishes are smoother, richer desired (e) honey and) finely chopped celery when you use Morning Milk... for Morning Milk is homogenized for

Cream Cheese with: creamy smoothness, evaporated for double

(a) chopped celery, green pepper, richness. And it tastes so good you use it in

or parsley watercress (and all recipes calling or for milk cream. One try

if dressing desired) is tells Milk the choice Morning of you why dressing (b) onion minced and all cooks. good

juice to a paste make ( c ) orange (d) chopped dates and nuts (e) cucumber, onion, or tomato slices (f) crushed pineapple (well drained) SPRING TERM (g) lettuce and salad dressing

On whole grain bread, of course!

cit L.!/ IS.

A Glimpse Into Chinese Genealogy BEGINS MARCH 6 (Concluded [com page 190) II 11 b Prepare now to become a are happy to have their work done Secretary Accountant for them vicariously. Stenographer Bookkeeper

Notes: The surname of a clan alAssistant to Executive Office Machines

ways remains the same, but the Operator given name is changed when the male is married or goes to college. Visit L. D. S Business College and discuss your plans

with our experienced advisers, or write for free bulletin. Brother Lung is using the marriage name on his family record Inquiries or personal visits are welcomed at L.D.S.

sheets except in the case of himself and his father. The marriage name of a clan designates BUSINESS COLLEGE

the different is generations and D. S. 70 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah duplicated. never Brother Lung, L

for example, still goes by the L. D. S. training doesn't cost.. it pays!

name of Kwai Shoon Lung but his marriage name is Sai Chun DRINK tSTjorHome Popping

Lung. Shee, term used The

in 'OHUU5 after cases a female many name, indicates she is married, at which hot beverage.A delightfulfor those time her given name is dropped, who don't drink coffee. jour

and she keeps her maiden name. AT YOUR GROCERS

MARCH 1950 THE ROAD TO INSPIRATION {Continued from page 199) In the most natural and human cleverness and power could be beman's contribution to art through manner he plunged into his subhind that once immobile face.

others has been notable. After ject. He proved to be an excellent As he concluded his address, the

learning about it, I wondered how speaker, too, managing his voice inevitable, though to him the disan artist so stiffly professional could and presenting his material with maying thing, happened. Someone

become interested in such work, or such ease and ability that one in the audience rose and politely could enjoy it or succeed at it. At would never have dreamed so much {Concluded on page 214)

last I had an opportunity to find out.

I happened to be in a university "iiy tjip"—- town near the city where his work as sjz:

is carried on and noticed that he U was to appear in a weekly lecture f\ LJn Mcceptina series presented by the university in its great auditorium. He was to

lecture on his work of musical HEA LIT training for the young. I dedicated BY RICHARD L. EVANS

that evening to hearing him once more. It was forty long years and Cometimes when events have taken an unexpected turn,

two thousand long miles from that P we wonder what we might have done to avoid what concert that had so impressed me has happened. What did we do wrong? What might

in my freshman year. have happened if we had done differently? It is natural

I went to the campus early to eat that such questions should occur. And if asking them

in order to be in plenty of time for helps to avoid repeating any mistake of the past, it is the lecture. I did not dream of well worth while. But useless, haunting, timeconsuming

seeing the lecturer in the public regrets should be shut out. There are some things we can

dining room. I am sure the man change, and there are some things we cannot now change.

I had seen so long before would There are times when we can retrace our steps, and there have dined only in a private and are times when we can't. And as to those happenings

exclusive place. which are now irrevocably beyond our control, it is utter

I knew a good many of the stuwaste to prolong the period of brooding upon them. As

dents and faculty members, and as to the issues of life and death, for example, we can't

I ate I glanced about the large room always be sure that anything we think we could have to recognize any acquaintance who done would have changed the ultimate outcome. Somemight be there. Suddenly I made times men survive the most violent occurrences—including

a discovery. At a table not far cruel and crushing accidents and devastating diseases.

from me sat an elderly gentleman, And sometimes seemingly inconsequential causes result tastefully but informally dressed. in fatal casualties. Some men survive long years with

His gray hair and mustache showed what looks like every outward element of environment it might seem the passing of time, but there was against them, and some pass suddenly who the distinguishing contour of the should surely survive. In many other things also, there

it seems we cannot be so certain of reforehead by which I would have are times when known him anywhere. His figure sults. There are times when rainfall comes regularly

it fails to come,had not perceptibly changed, and from season to season, and times when his manner and motions were deand we are brought face to face with the great degree of cidedly more youthful than they our dependence upon Divine Providence. Even the weather

had been forty years before. His forecaster has his problems. He can help us foresee what

might happen, what is likely to happen. But he can seeeyes were bright and alert, his

only what he can see; he can only say what his instruvoice cheerful and energetic, and

tell interpreted the him, as from and observations ments his as features expressive warmly if of the past. experience should it seemed what And pleasantly his table chattedhe with

have happened doesn't happen, he must accept the fact, companions.

the truth, the reality, as must all men. There is much

An hour later I was hearing him we can do, and what we can do we should do. But there

introduced to a large crowd in the are some things we can't do, and we can't afford to brood auditorium. Musicians, music critics, too long upon any past untoward turn of events. We

and others of judgment and authormust profit by the experience of the past; we must look

ity were there, together with a large with faith to the future; and we must not let long regret

section of the campus and complace a penalty upon the present or the future.

munity public. None of them dismayed him. He could impress Uke -Spoken \A/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

those in the highest seats of the PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADivory tower, but he had also learned CASTING SYSTEM, JANUARY 8, 1950 to walk with those in the common Copyright 1950 way. 3 3: 2E 2T:ax:

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HOTTEST TRUCK

68%LINE IN AMERICA?

fwc/ts/lfoj was ++4*4 Latest available registration figures show Ford Trucks BECAUSE score bigger sales gains than all other makes combined!

R. L. Polk & Co. 1949 new truck license registrations report—

latest available 3-month period (September, October, November) sales increased industry. truck versus68%.. 1st. compared3 months,to 1949—showsonly 5% for theFordrestTruckof the SALES PER CENT OF fOhfrfaef

INCREASE INCREASE GIVES YOU ALL THESE 25,607 Trucks Ford 68% FEATURES! EXTRAVALUE 8,618 Trucks Combined All Other

power! of V-8 or 6-cylinder 5% -At Choice Truck 7,683 "B"10%

Truck "C". 3,254 12% Big Jobs! -A- 145horsepower Two Truck "D"680 3%.4*/ "E"3,495 Truck 20% from! models to choose Over 175 k 6,494 decrease All Others—19%

SIX! 1 10horsepower -A- New

Ford Million Dollar Cab!

ic BONUS* BUILT Construction—which means big

reserves of strength and power!

k Ford longer truck life!

"Something *BONUS:

or strictly what it usual givendue''—in additionWebster.to 20%

TRUCK

--v.*.*.v.\-.-.\'.vTvvva\v/.\\v/.\-.w.-.w.w;wIw:*".-..-.:\X -:-:-:::-;:-::-:-::-;-:::-::-:

. RECOGNIZE IXTfiA VAU1E... TMtY KNOW TODAY'S SMART BUY IS THE SO FORDJ

Ford Trucks Cost Less Because LAST LONGER! TRUCKSFORD

Trucks last longer! insurance experts prove Ford Using latest registration data on 6,106,000 trucks, life

MARCH 1950 213

ME ROAD TO INSPIRATION

( Concluded from page 212) from the stage almost overpowered ladies talking. One was saying,

asked if he would be willing to play me. It was all that I had heard "That was what I call inspired

a number or two. The applause him play so long before, and more. playing."

of others promptly supported the This music was not coming from a He had invested his talent, and request. man's fingertips, but from his soul. it had been blessed. His work had

He turned and looked with a It was more than the vibration of progressed from an art to a vocapiano strings. One seemed to hear tion. He had developed an ability,helpless smile at the scarred old

upright piano which was always the tones built into the throbbing and the divine hand had touched rhythm of the drums of eternity. It and hallowed it. His playing hadon the platform for use in case of

need. It was a far cry from the flowed along like the majestic sweep unfolded from the coordination of

fine, freshlytuned concert grands of some great river. He played muscles to the throbbing of a heart.

three or four that great numbers a seemed had become A fine musicianon which he had once insisted. But

like auras his of sound, then found and because bade musician soul had with the years he had grown the audience a gracious good night. expression through his hands. In

adaptable to situations. He nodded Hushed and awed, the people serving others with his talent he

and sat down on the old revolving rose and began drifting from the had sought the kingdom of God, stool. auditorium. As I moved with them and all these things had been added

The Hood of music that swept down the aisle, I again heard two to him.

IATTERDAY SAINT LITERATURE COMES OE AGE

(Concluded from page 198) maintain moral purpose in its presread it, like it, and be better because tion of man's fears, real and unreal. entation of the good that evil minds of it. It will please the world beGeorge Bernard Shaw champions as well as righteous will accept it, cause it is objective, convincing in

intellectual force. His method is treatment and, above all, mature

wit with social responsibility. The in sentiment. It will please because

ears of the world seem at present of its beauty, because it is art. It

inclined toward his type of satire My Two Hope Chests will please because it will portray and wit. Edgar Lee Masters atthe heart of the Latterday Saint

tacks the smug and dusty way of {Concluded from page 191 which finds similitude in the breast life in satire. Housman in a difthe other articles in my hope chest of all peoples, regardless of color

ferent tone treats themes of shortas far as spiritual value is conor creed. It will present a way of

ness of life, frailty of beauty, cruelcerned, but have you ever noticed life, born through humility and ty of time, and death. He speaks what a difference spice can make prayer, without offensive selfright-

in a calm, clear voice with no trace say in an ordinary cake, or how eousness.

of satire or modern fret. some perfume in the corner of a But we hope for even greater

Great Christian literature has drawer can leave a fragrance on things.

more to offer by way of message. everything surrounding it? Such a Latterday Saint philosophy

The halls of fame are filled with little article can make all the differmaintains that man is crowned with brilliant books which glow with ence in the world in how interesting honor and glory. The world is

excellent light, but their very brilor dull a thing or subject can be. waiting and has always been ready

liance fades in the light of the Along with gifts of love, sincerity, for great revelation. Latterday

thousands. There are too many and appreciation for the good things Saint literature has grown slowly

books of a kind, too many writers of life and all the things I hope to but surely, suffering the inevitable by occupation who write to tickle have in my hope chest some day, I maladies of youth. Now in our

ears of publishers. There are too shall be partially prepared to besecond century it comes of age.

many who value truth and goodcome a wife and mother here and We hope for a writer to appear ness in terms of what it brings in in the life to come. My prayer is with the great message and matchthe market. that I may have my spiritual hope less expression. We do not ask

It is not unreasonable to believe chest well stocked with those things any Latterday Saint to accept that in the near future stories by which are necessary for a happy all the ways of other writers. We

Latterday Saint writers will appear married life, and also with those do ask that he accept that which is which without didacticism will prelittle extra articles which add so praiseworthy and of good report.

sent to the world the good side of much color to everyday living. Who We do not ask that he follow the

our culture. Latterday Saint knows but what some day I may be idiom of any living bard. He may

writers eventually will move to the a heavenly mother with a great write in a new idiom for a new vanguard with truth and wisdom in family of spirit children to care for day. If it be true that Harriet

fiction that will please the world. and watch over. I only pray that Beecher Stowe's novel caused a

It will present the greatness of the I may have the knowledge of how war, a greater novel with deeper people, yet recognize the evil, the to use correctly the gifts I have in meaning and broader significance naive. For the glory of God and my spiritual hope chest and be and finer expression may bring a

the betterment of mankind, it will worthy of them. chaotic world to unity and peace.

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GREAT NEW TWO 1tM VI

J90 BASEBALL, adding another isgl great budget stretcher to the Voit line.

J-90 Check these 9 big 9 inning features!

Official performance Official weight and size Scuffproof Waterproof Twice the wear at half the cost

SiuM&v Gov&ted Absolute uniformity makes it ideal for pitching machines Cork center Cord wound Traditional Voit quality S/*-W6 THE J90 FOR THOSE EXTRA

INNINGS OF PLAY BT2 in 1950 IT'S THE PROFESSIONAL

BATTING TEE Developed in 1949 in batting practice conditions—here's the real answer for professional,

collegiate and high school batter training. A proven aid Uffkiai in correcting"faulty swings and weaknesses in batting

against any type of pitch, and in determining a hitter's -&33at j maximum power zone. Adjustable from knee to shoulder

height, to all corners of the plate, and up to 15 inches in *.. n 12 Srtch

front of the plate. Parts are replaceable.

DON'T FORGET VOIT'S FAMOUS OFFICIAL SOFTBALL Year after year the Voit CI 12 is used by thousands of U.

SlHIFJT raHHI education. NewS. schoolswhite, softtexturefor games rubberand physicalcover.

Famous for wear—Popular for dependable performance. Improved feel. All weather—all playing

surface. Washable—high visibility day or night.

Quality cotton yarn wound, prime kapok center.

Available in 9, 10, 12, 13 and 14 inch sizes.

NEW YORK 10 CHICAGO 10 LOS ANGELES 11

"MARCH 1950 215 THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE (Continued [com page 187). his men seized Posey hand and foot, place to make a start. They did

door of the people who had been giving him the shock of his life. agree to guard the road leading up

sent by their Church to solve it; He struggled and squirmed and through the cliffs toward Montithey would have to do it alone and thrashed about like a fish out of cello. Without seeming to recogin their own way and time. water, while his squaw snatched up nize this blockade, the people preAppointed by some strange des- a heavy gun and the Indians from pared to go on with the preliminary

tiny to take a prominent, although the other dwellings came rushing in hearing, and Justice Peter Allan an inglorious, part in the impending alarm. Trouble seemed certain. called his court to order in the

trouble, was Posey. Posey was Not one of the fourteen in that schoolhouse.

devoted first of all to the perverted posse bothered to take any notice The trial went forward as if the superstitions of his people—fantasof the other Piutes as they came Piutes were but a defeated and untic traditions of witches, snakes, and rushing with their guns. The fearimportant minority. Fearlessly and

devils, about which he might fly into less disregard of what they might unfailingly Judge Allan, always a holy rage on short notice. Once, do was more terrifying than any very matterof-fact in discriminating

with gun in hand, he chased a gesture of defense could have been. between right and wrong, proMexican out of Johnson Creek ValThese other Piutes halted in stunned nounced emphatically against the

ley for killing a rattlesnake. Posey's astonishment, for right there in their horse thief, and ordered him to apsecond interest was the card camps Posey's hands were being pear in the district court at its next

blanket, the race track, the horse forced together and locked with session.

belonging to someone else. No one steel cuffs; he was being dragged That ostentatious array of Piutes

wanted to clash with this old from his own wickiup, his big hat dropped their jaws in disconcerted troublemaker, men with cattle near left in dishonor behind, his long amazement. Their fighting blood,

his "farms"thought it poor economy hair in a humiliating jumble over instead of heating up to explosive to incur his displeasure, and he his head and face. They simply temperatures as intended, fell tocollected from what he thought were couldn't believe it. It jarred them wards a freezing degree. Posey's

easy victims, carrying his racket on completely out of gear, and they mouth sagged at the corners, and and on to what sometime had to be followed in blank bewilderment. he became deflated like a punctured

the breaking point. When the posse came into town balloon. For twentythree years he

Finally a warrant was sworn out with their prisoners, a company of had heard these people pleading for Posey's arrest. Navajos gathered around them, and and entreating, and it had never

Triumphant in his threats and in the company was Jim Joe, who entered his imagination they could sure he was secure with his foltold Posey in the most uncomprodo anything else. The only thing

lowers at his back, Posey retired mising terms what a yellow coyote now was to squirm out of the with a backload of melons and he had been in returning evil for clutches of these awakened Morfruit to his wickiup to feast on the good with the friends who wanted mons. He wanted to be free, no

spoils of his raid and exult over to help him. matter how whitefeather and ighis latest achievement. Finding the wind gone unacnominious the method employed.

Arthur S. Wood, a deputy countably out of their sails, and The fighting men went stringing

sheriff, acting as leader, sent a mesbeing convinced that it was the inback to their several places of abode senger asking Posey to come down tention to hold their boasted chamat Allan Canyon, Alkali, and elseand talk it over. Posey refused in pion under close guard and go on where.

contempt. The report of Posey's with legal procedure whether they Posey's belligerent little squaw

impudent answer was all it needed liked it or not, the people of the plotted with his sons and his to touch off the explosive resolution wickiups turned back to their camps brother, Scotty, for his escape.

in the hot pulse of the men and and sent fast riders in half a dozen Visiting him often as he sat deboys waiting at the store. Their directions to gather their fighting jectedly under the vigilant eye of

fingers fairly itched to get hold of men. his guard, they succeeded in getting

him, and they turned with quick Before dawn the next day the him synchronized with their plan step towards the group of wickiups terrible men of the tribe began to for his freedom.

on the hill. Twelve of them walked; arrive from Allan Canyon, from They would hide with their

two rode horses. Alkali, from Montezuma Canyon, horses in a jungle on an island in

Fourteen men, only two of them and from camps at the foot of the the river near to a popular swimcarrying arms, setting out to arrest mountain where they were spending ming hole, and Posey was to per- a leading Piute in the midst of his the summer. But Poke, the unsuade his guard to take him there

camps! Nothing was ever more conquerable, the invincible, who had for a cooling bath. The excessive

promising of trouble before on this never bowed to a white man but warmth of that August weather firing line. When they reached the had cut the scalps off their heads, gave weight to his pleas, and he

doorway of Posey's dwelling, the had not yet come. The fact of the waded out into the stream wearing

deputy sheriff repeated the invitamatter is, being no friend to Posey, nothing but a disguised look of contion to come down and talk it over. he never did come. cern for the perilous possibilities

"Yes, me no go,"Posey hissed in All the same the Piutes intended of his plot.

contempt. to fight, but strange to relate, they Keeping furtive eyes on his guard

At a signal from Sheriff Wood, couldn't find the moment nor the who sat on a log with a sixshooter 216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thrust in the band of his overalls, dustry, the children to be placed in

Posey found the deepest place in school. LISTEN and LEARN

the current and sank from sight.

propose do you Mormons "What pro bottom the sandyHugging he losses to the to which ANOTHER do aboutpelled himself M with stream down the all possible eagerness. When he these people have put you?"asked LANGUAGE

had all but drowned in increasing the Indian agent, McKeen.

the distance between himself and When he was told it was the ineasily—quickly—accurately!

sixshooter,that he rose coughing to tention forgive he and forget, Missionaries, Travelers, You Can in the shallowsand gasping towards here,"look'e objected. he "Now

the island and ran as in a handicap said, "before you become too forNow Learn To Speak race through two feet of water for giving, we want it definitely underSPANISH GERMAN the bank. stood there are certain things these FRENCH ARABIC

The guard fired at the splashing people will have to do from now PORTUGUESE SLAVIC and figure, and Posey dodged frantically on, certain conditions to which they SCANDINAVIAN LANGUAGES as the bullet whistled past. As he must conform."—Any of 29 other languages availgathered himself, another bullet When the essential preliminaries able through World Famous

sang very near to his naked flesh, were finished, the bars and fastenand still another seemed to burn ings to the gates of "Fort on LINGUAPHONE him by its close proximity as he the Firing Line"were removed, Conversational METHOD plunged into the willows. while the people on the outside This method combines the most modern

He had escaped, but the shock and on the in stood in a kind interest,educationalmakingideas unforgettablefor holding theimpressionsstudent's and the surprise of it all had left of solemn hush of waiting, reon his mind through EAR and EYE—

pictures. sound, and word this through of strained mutual awe by like child that a unstrunghim had learn voices the hear You by LISTENING saying word. a from moment When of teachers native.. repeat. you say they.. you what fighting the a ghost.seen And

. ask questions of answer. you and the Piutes opened, the gate was

... it, so had doted he before use every.. day on andmen you you inknowphrases whom

heavily had slunk away like a litter came quietly and meekly out, a peolanguage.actually are holding a conversation in the foreign

of scared puppies with their tails ple who had been chastised and between their legs. He saw himself humbled by their friends, no old

deserted, alone, an outcast, a fugigrudge nor bitter score to settle tive. His people had gone back later on. They had been whipped

whipped and cowed to meditate the into the line of life and safety by sharp change in policy with the those who loved them, most; the

oncetame peacemakers of the fort. only way in which any people can

be whipped to take it and call it

Bluff had done the unprecedented. good.

After these twentythree years of futile effort, it seemed to have accomplished the impossible. Surely Since then some of the Piute chilHalf Lifetime a Hour Advantage solution longsought thethis Day—A was the lower completed have dren

leisure in In time, your your home, own not.of No, Problem Two. it was of in that building. grades Some is set instantly to ready LINGUAPHONE their to follow Piutes wereThe tired. teachers you. teach never get Your themselves to be proved have them

lesson of the youmad course for yet twenty years. natural artists with a keen sense Theywish, repeatover andanyoverportiontill you it. You know

When at the end of those twenty of perception which no one would set your own pace; you can go as rapidly

as suits best. as slowly study you can You to find buried away or expectedyears up have rounded the Mormons

alone join family the or have or friends you of Piutedom. in the dark world in the schoolhouse,the Piutes in that a delightful pastime dividends. pays

themselves at with are not war They stories Indian "the ofdistorted for "Must"Language—a else; no one any nor with the onto got bad men Missionaries in Sanwar"Juan Travelers and

front pages of the big daily newsare among them. Their best friends Whether you carry the gospel to foreign lands,

papers, and people in cities and are the Mormons with whom they travellanguageforforknowledgecultural reasons,or profit,languageor wantis POWER!another

towns of surrounding states were live as near neighbors. Younew becomepeople, quicklynew waysfamiliarof life.with Younew cancountries,speak

overheard to ask, "Where is San The years have served to break theirknowledgelanguage,of theirreadculturetheir andnewspapers,customs. Mailacquirecou-a

full for does pon fascinating it happen detailsand TODAYJuan? And how FREE all misunderstandthe hostile down Book. out in an incredibly Find how, short time,

is still Infightingthat anybody too, you, can another speak language! the three mistrust between ing and

dians at this late day?"San Juan races in San Juan. Bonds of friendGET THIS BOOK FREE

a long have beenmight beyond way INSTITUTE LINGUAPHONE withextending confidence ship and outside, the happening on waswhat Radio City, 63 York 20, N.Y. New the racediscrimination across beout forty outside the yearsbut was

INSTITUTE LINGUAPHONE line the time hastening are when their for City, 63 going Radio 20, on York N.Y.hind what was New

benefit in San Juan. equal opportunity and just arrangeSend me the FREE Linguaphone Book.

ments all the way round will make Name

Representatives of the United the Piutes and Navajos the equal Address

States Service enrolled Indian the of any other people. City Zone & State.tribe in the older ones the stockade,

to be supervised in thrift and in- (The End) Language Interested

MARCH 1950 217 Ichizedek tfe#ttt

his religious buoyancy concept, and Z)L Daily Behavior Of S4 buoyancy and enthusiasm for his faith clearer should engender and vision in others.

A high priest should be resourceHIGH PRIEST ful in helping others, but he should

By William Peterson not be dogmatic. Most people will

EDITOR'S NOTE take suggestion if it is given in the

While these instructions were right spirit, with consideration and originally to the given high life. friendliness. priest daily action morals of His must A high

priests of the East Stake Cache his living realize in others, his believe that should not be and and they Utah, well at Logan, may be for all members of the Melpreaching. He should be sympachastising and criticizing is the

chizedek Priesthood. thetic with others to a point of forwrong approach. He must always

giving. He should be willing to see the good and strength in others

analyze and benefit by the experiand forget the weaknesses: never

Every high priest should have a ence of others. try to emphasize the weakness in

definite religious philosophy of A high priest must be honest: others, for he may have some of

life, and this philosophy should honest in his dealings, honest in his own. Finding fault with others

be apparent in his living and achis "contacts, honest in his efforts, may be one of his real weaknesses.

tions and in his contact with others. and honest with himself. His ac- "To maintain order, intelligence,

A high priest should develop a tions should establish a credit with and harmony in the territory imlove for all mankind. He should all his associates. His honesty mediately under one's own hat will

feel that he has been favored in should establish a credit with his keep most of us fairly well emhis religion by virtue of his position, church, and he should be honest ployed."

loving he should manifest aand and with God. priest a gossiper. is not high A spirit helpful others.a toward He high priest should be patient A is said, author has "Gossiping Oneshould develop of attain- a love his associates with and his family. the of an impoverished mind work

ment. He should be an influence If he is blessed with much wisdom, which thrives on discussing misfor good in his community and vision, and faith, he should share takes and weaknesses of others andshow community others. pride by his infreely with should He be offers help or remedy."no Rememterest and his works. to willing that others to accord old ber the adage, German "One is

He should have unbounding which he expects for himself. He what one thinks and not what one

faith: faith in others, faith in his should live the Golden Rule. does."

state,community, thrifty. priest government, and high should be A priest a testimust have A high all, in faithand, this above should does mean? God and He in What this testimony cannot mony, and be

salvation. ofthe gospel Faith live plan his within a save income and borrowed from others. He mustis not passive. part out of each earning as a capital

A high priest must develop ideals security. It is good to have money ofhavethehisgospelown testimonyand his relationshipof the truth

and be willing to live them. He and the things money can buy, but to Deity.

must establish confidence in others. it is good to check once in awhile

priest is prayerful. HisHe should be known by his friendlito be sure we have not lost other A high

ness and fine fellowship toward things that money cannot buy. secret prayer is a conversation with

every person prays God, and who lifeothers. daily living His should be are time in a when We rise should at the from his knees

is emulate. toan example in for being those copy and done much

He should be able to carry his reneed. But the real compliment goes close of his prayers a better man.

ligious conviction in such a way to those who can take care of them- A high priest must be willing to that he stimulates faith and vision selves and manage their own affairs give service. He should not wait

in his associates. He must have a to their own satisfaction. until someone makes an assignment.

clear and definite vision of his re- A high priest must be cooperative He knows many places and many ligious concept that easily can be and willing to help in the solution people where he can give service.

portrayed to others. His influence of community problems and in the His own life will be greatly helped

should be felt by his associates. He problems of others. He must have by helping others.

must be open to suggestions and tact and exert his influence with A high priest should never be be considerate of other people's patience. He should be known for discouraged. His life should be

thoughts and actions. his good nature and consideration above discouragement. If he has

A high priest must not cheapen for others. He should maintain a been a partial failure, he should relife. His standards and ideals must keen sense of humor. It will help adjust and try a new plan but not

keep him above reproach. His moral in his association and contact with quit.

standards should show in his every others. He should carry constant To help others, one must believe

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in others and have an appreciation plenty to do to help others and of the most fruitful means of promotof the value of souls. save his own soul without any speing sales and increasing business.

A high priest must have real cial assignment. He should seek a Liquor advertising, alluring and decepcharity toward all, and such charity better knowledge of the reason for tive, has had much to do with increasshould be felt whenever he is apexistence, strive to understand the ing sales, especially among youth and

women. proached. gospel plan, live his religion, gain a

It is a great privilege and opstronger testimony each day by his Dr. Glen Cunningham, internationportunity to be a high priest with effort to live a better life. His daily allyathletefamous(a longseveraldistanceyearsrunner)ago as andan

love, sympathy, and charity for life will make his record, and he now a university professor, was a witeveryone. The high priest has will get his just deserts. ness before the Senate Committee considering a bill to prohibit liquor

advertising. Among his statements were

these

In my work with thousands of young

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO peoplenoticed duringan alarmingthe pastincreasefifteen years,in the I numhave ber who use alcoholic beverages. Every

Lotvwmn person,in delinquencyconsciousamongof the youths,startlingin increasedeaths and injuries from accidents, in murder and rape, in impoverished and broken homes, and in the number of mental diseases, (conducted bu JJjr. sjoiepk r. em realizes the urgent need for the passage by

Congress of Senator Capper's bill. The

cost in human misery, maimed bodies and minds, the lost lives, makes it inestimably more important that the advertising of

IS LIQUOR ADVERTISING MORAL? Drink brings cruelty into the home; it alcoholic beverages which contribute so

walks arm in arm with poverty; its comheavily to these great tragedies, be brought

*"Phe correct answer is yes or no, depanions are disease and plague; it puts under control.

it to flight; chastity neither honor knows to given meaning pending on the

it to continue permit is fair America dealing; Should total nor to stranger a

for is It customary "moral."the word it truth; it is all conscience; the this advertising? no. drowns say, Let bodyWe their in beginning debaterscollege it it. evil; of all curses guard touch who is feasible us agree with do what who

in used the define words tospeeches has Drink brought misery, more and woe advertising, to liquor save eliminate stating the question discussed. When broken more hearts, wrecked more homes, youth from drinking, and lessen the

filled near repealed prohibition crimes, coffins committed morenational was more of evils the that follow consumption all the than suffered. the wars has traffic world liquor soon the ofthe 1933, end conalcoholic beverages. your Ask

all in nearly business lawful abecame bill the outlawing to support gressmen Yet, notwithstanding these factual a Union. Butstates of the American souls liquor come Human statements, bitter arwhich warrant a is moral businesslawful always not a precious are before more advertising.money—they (the alcohol raignment drinking of of cities this inbusiness. country Some dollars. than

), alcoholic inthere are, beverages prostitution, oflicense making houses the business lawful and legal if the formed people say, over fifty million conditions imposed by the license are Americans, many of whom are under DO YOU HAVE TO DRINK?

observed. But no rightthinking person twenty, who drink more or less reguclaims prostitution is moral, giving the larly. Why? One answer is because Do you have to drink when you

word its usual meaning. Neither does drinking is a social custom. But we are out on "a date"or party? To read

any rightthinking person believe that ask: Can custom, however popular it some of the liquor ads or listen to

gambling is moral, though it is legal in may be, make moral a thing that is some radio shows you might think so many states. essentially bad, destructive, or evil in such is the power of suggestion of

liquor your But propaganda. some its intelligent, effects? perhonest No morality of the the about But how

it, will conexercise will reason, if you effects that the drinkof son can deny intraffic liquor, the using word is this that propaganda you is vince exist. ing not above named do Then is in its a usual sense?"moral"This

untruthful, deceptive, and misleading, it legal, truly to though even in public recentquestion a involved the the influence to and designed weak in activipromote engage moral,drinking—to S.hearing a given Senate U. by Comdeceived. Assert thoughtless. not Be ties to the increase designed consumpalso,mittee. of course, involved And that kind shows your is tion alcoholic of beverages? personality-—the What isin others, that the question, among

selfrespecting, careful, to be you If is legal act answer? your a always its effectsof nature the alcohol of and

fact the strong, of conscious person a is liquor moral, then advertising moral, being. a normalon few human A re- a free that one's imposes agency is not. otherwise answer. This our theyears the Journal American ago of to shifted sponsibility that cannot be rehearing Senate Committee The said: AssociationMedical

ferred to above was given to advocates another. Be a person of courage, charof Alcohol is a poison, inherently, absoof a bill to outlaw liquor advertising. acter—win and deserve the respect

lutely, essentially; in a drop or in a gallon, A hearing was given by a Senate Comdecent people.

in all quantities and in every quantity. mittee May 12 and 13, 1947, on a Drinking is not essential, socially or

Plainly its quantity cannot affect its chemisimilar bill. Liquor advertising in otherwise. You need never hesitate

cal constitution. America—costing hasmoregrownthan toonebe hundredbig businessmiltoYousay,will"No,be thoughtthanks. theI betterdon't drink."of and

In an official statement to a general lion dollars annually. Evidently exfeel better for saying so. The courage

conference of the Church a few years perience teaches the dealers that "it to say "no"always inspires respect.

ago, the First Presidency said: pays to advertise."Advertising is one Try it and be convinced.

MARCH 1950 219

Aaronic Priesthood Ward Teaching

L. D. S. Girls Overcoming Indifference

["EADERS in many stakes and wards

How To Increase Attendance Records are confronted with an attitude of indifference on the part of ward "Decently a letter was received askyoung people during the past month, teachers. This problem has led stake

ing what may be done to stimulate (2) to make and record assignments presidents and bishops to ask, "How the interest of young people in attendto leaders to visit the inactive during can we best emphasize the importance ing Church meetings. the ensuing month. of ward teaching?"Finding a soluWe went to the files and took out Of what value is the ward youth tion to this question is fundamental to

the Aaronic Priesthood reports from leadership meeting each month if it successful teaching.

the inquiring ward and discovered, to does not implement the reaching out For the benefit of those confronted our surprise, that the ward youth for, and the working with, young peowith this attitude, we point up the leadership meeting had been held every ple who need our help? methods employed in one stake to

: ) this overcome ( All problem stake 1 during 1949. there Moreover,month of visits matter to personal The officers, including the stake presidency betterthan-average a atbeenhad

is the inactive deserving careful of the council, high and call accept the oftendance at leaders youth of each relentless followup. and deSuccess to in teaching ward, the do in wards meetings. For a moment were we in pends, large measure, atthe upon

: ) reside they which a memWhen ( 2 only for a moment.thepuzzled—but tention this give feature of our we is of ber the priesthood interviewed closer the of examination reports A work. relative to call accepting a to serve

)disclosed, that ( there eightywere 1: is officer, stake as a instructed he to closing ( observations Two 1eight young and young men on women effect the that will he be to leaders expected are likely Youth not too to recordsward twelve between and

as serve a teacher: ward visits personal to inactive the make (3) When age,twentyone years of that (2) for interviewed in the advancement unless assigned the bishopric; by (2) visitnot one had to been made any

is priesthood, teaching ward the always bishopric are not likely to too of the eightyeightone young people as emphasized of the responsione their assign visit leaders to youth unentire the year.during

bilities of those priesthood bear less who the is leadership youth meeting

Obviously, it did seem strange that held and is conducted as recomauthority. Only stake missionaries are

such an inquiry should come from a mended. exempt.

ward so apparently interested in youth The bishops of all wards in this us conduct Let leaderyouth ward sobut completely overlooking the using stake are the same plan—the ship meetings each month functions which of themajor ward youth all acbishopric officers and bearward

leadership meeting, i.e., (1) to check complish, and are worthy of, their ing the priesthood doing ward teachon the visits of leaders to inactive high objectives. ing each month.

TThe report of the Mesa (Arizona) Mesa Stake Reports on Work Among Adult Members Stake committee for adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood follows of Aaronic Priesthood

During the year of 1949, twentysix of the adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood have been advanced to the Melchizedek Priesthood. Most of these

twentysix brethren and their wives have gone through the temple. All are engaged

in some Church activity. Two wards were

outstanding in their achievements in this work: the Mesa Second Ward with seven

members advanced, and the Alma Ward with six members advanced.

If every stake in the Church had done as well as Mesa during 1949, there would have been more than 4500 adult members of the Aaronic

Priesthood advanced to Melchizedek

Priesthood, most of whom would now be enjoying, with their families, the Six couples, Alma Ward, Mesa Stake, rejoice in blessings of Melchizedek Priesthood and temple marriage. included Leaders Jr., in the photograph are Lucian M. president; Mecham, Ralph Mesa Stakeblessings of marriage for time and for

E. Hill, and stake Brown Lafayette committee members; A. Davis, E. Russell, Wendel Ernest and Thomas

all eternity. E. Miller, bishopric, Alma Ralph Openshaw, adviser. and Ward ward

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ffp rrepared bu dee M, /-'aimer hopwftrPage%%

Challenging Records Aaronic Priesthood

There Are No Graduates in Priesthood

'T'he only deacon in attendance at a priest, or any appointed priesthood ofsacrament meeting was asked by ficer in the Church does not "step a member of the bishopric to invite down"from his calling to pass the two or three ordained teachers to join sacrament. Any bearer of the priesthim in passing the sacrament. The hood, holding any office in the Church,

GAYLON M. invitation lead to some rather serious who enjoys the spirit of his calling will

BURR discussions, if not disputations, on always consider it a great honor to priesthood authority. To get the matpass the sacrament.

ter straightened out, the ward clerk wrote to the Presiding Bishop's office and asked the following question: Suggestion to

Aaronic Priesthood Leaders Did this deacon have the right to ask those teachers to step down from a teacher's Aaronic Priesthood advisers are /.aylon is president of the teachers calling to help pass the sacrament? largely responsible for the impressions

receives a young the concerning man in the quorum Salina Second analysis suggests inquiry of the An If bears. priesthood he feels teacher a Ward, Sevier North Stake. (Utah)

: ) least at the questions ( Did two 1 the has outgrown passing he the of is His record of one best to the yet (authority) right to the deacon have responsibility sacrament, other or any to attention. our come

that to he which do asked do by was it is at of that deacon, a once apparent the For past three years he has is the bishopric? a deacon (2) When has in he training not proper had had perfect a at attendance record teacher, graduate ordained a he does either or the both deacons'the or priesthood meeting, sacrament meetresponsibility the of the passing from teachers'requorums. of the Much ing, School, Sunday and Y.M.M.I.A. sacrament? sponsibility for attisuch negative has the earned He Aaronic Priesthood

Individual Certificate of Award for tudes rest squarely on advisers and four years. The answers: other Aaronic Priesthood leaders in

Gaylon also has a perfect record One: A deacon, or any other bearer the various quorums. What a young

in ward teaching visits since appointed of the priesthood in the ward, when man thinks of, knows about, or does

December 9, 1948, to be a companion directed by a member of the bishopric, not know about the priesthood is very to his grandfather and former bishop, has full authority to invite not only largely the result of ( 1 ) that which he

G. M. Burr. an ordained teacher but also any other has been taught; (2) that which he

Bishop Burr, graciously reporting on specific person or persons, bearing any has not been taught. his grandson, wrote—"Were it not office in either the Aaronic or MelLet every quorum adviser examine

for Gaylon, I might not be so active chizedek Priesthood, to assist in passhis knowledge of priesthood, its funcin doing my teaching. He always reing the sacrament. tions, its purposes, and then, without

minds me until we have finished our Two: No one, advanced to any flinching, determine the measure of

teaching."office in the Holy Priesthood, is ever his personal responsibility for that

Congratulations, Gaylon! You keep graduated from the responsibilities of which his quorum members know about

on sowing the seed—the Lord will lesser offices in the priesthood. A God's greatest gift to man—the Holy

bring the harvest. teacher, priest, elder, seventy, high Priesthood. When this appraisal is

completed, the Aaronic Priesthood

L.D.S. GIRLS WIN—AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS WASH DISHES leader should be fairly well able to see

Bishop LeGrand R. Terry himself in the same light as he may

and counselors, McKinley msm;. one day appear before the Lord to

(Salt Ward, Temple View Stake, City) Lake to answer for what he taught or did not agreed

L.D.S. girls banquet the and teach his quorum members about the

Aaronic Priesthood members if the losers, in an attendHoly Priesthood.

ance contest, would wash the dishes clean and up that Priesthood Aaronic We hope after the banquet.

will leaders themselves apply more The boys should have known, they agreed—andbut they lost.didn't,But,so diligently to a study of the priesthood

anyway, it was fun, at least program and work more zealously until they had to wash the that our young men may more fully dishes.

spirit of The occasion the its purposes, understand more intelliis in smiles manifest of the its powers, and gently comprehend in those appearing the photograph: Seated, Barbara Lilfunction more knowingly under its

lie; Colleen Kirgan; David

divine authority. Clark Krogue; Strong. Standour We express

ing, stake president Adiel confidence in Aaronic Priesthood F. Pratt, F. Stewart; Xlorus

ward chairman, L.D.S. girls; leaders that they will labor to this

Ancil general Winger, secreend. tary of Priesthood. Aaronic

MARCH 1950 221 IEHI IN THE DESERT (Continued from page 202) build ships with, to say nothing of direction keeping near the coast of a lush and beautiful Land Bountiful.

the Red Sea all the while. Ten Thus the great Solomon had to % BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGAN days take a foot traveler the entire bring all his timber by land from

length of that coast of Sinai which Palestine to the Red Sea because runs in a southsoutheasterly directhere was no wood on the Red Sea tion—and what of the rest of the with which he might build ships.

eight years? Lehi was faced with the same probWhat entirely excludes Sinai as lem and had to travel for eight years

the field of Lehi's journeyings is the before he reached the lovely fortotal lack at all times of timber to (Continued on page 225) -** g- SEE "= g -a r 3 g. -rg- 1

OnJCnowm9

THESE BALDWIN THE FUTURE

DEALERS BY RICHARD L. EVANS

to serve are ready you Deople sometimes ask impatiently: "Why can't we know

vicinity. in your own

Ask for a demonstration more about the future?""Why shouldn't we know

the future?"One part of a possible answer to this

problem, so far as our individual acts are concerned, is that ofttimes we can't know more about the future because

UTAH ofttimes the pattern of the future isn't yet fixed. By this

LOGAN we mean that many things that will happen in the future

Cache Valley Music Co. will depend upon what we do and upon what others do,

56 Federal Avenue and since in the use of our free agency we and other

SALT LAKE CITY men have left many decisions unmade concerning future

PalmerWatkins-Clark matters, the results that are to follow those decisions

Music Company may not now be known. Another reason, and an all60 East First South sufficient one for many, is that it is part of the plan and

SOUTHERN UTAH & NEVADA purpose of Providence that we should not in most in-

J. W. McAllister stances know what the future will bring in detail in our

St, George, Utah "own individual lives. For those who would like further

* answer,like if wesupposedid knowweeverythingask ourselvesthat waswhatgoinglife towouldhappenbe

IDAHO to us. Actually a detailed foreknowledge of trials and

tragedies to come might well destroy much of the happiBOISE ness that is. Also in knowing the future, there would be

Boise Music & Appliance Co. less of the joy of discovery and less of the growth that

8th Street 211 North comes with faith and effort. Imagine the monotony of

IDAHO FALLS a life in which each hour, each day, each year, everyone

R. Larsen George

Idaho Falls, Idaho knew everything he was going to do, everything that was going to happen—nothing of the unexpected, nothing

POCATELLO of the unforeseen, no pleasant surprises, no unlookedfor

Fawson Music Company joys, no merciful concealing of sorrows. This, of course,

138 North Main Street is carrying speculation to absurdity, but it does invite

REXBURG attention to the wisdom of things as they are. And even

George R. Larsen if there were some means of acquiring a detailed knowl35 College Avenue edge of the events to come in our own lives, it still

live to must learn by as best can we * wouldn'tfaith frombringday tous day,happiness.shaping Wethe future

MONTANA with every earnest effort, and trusting the mercy and

BUTTE the wisdom and justice of God as the future unfolds beLen Waters Music Company fore us.

119 North Main Street Uke Spoken Word from temple square

BILLINGS PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADLindamood Music Company CASTING SYSTEM, JANUARY 15, 1950 224 North Broadway Revised Copyright 1950

zlzz 3:r: 222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Heavenly\MusicJorDhur Church Jhis

From the faintest whisper of sound to full majesty of tone, the Baldwin Electronic Organ brings the inspiring grandeur of traditional organ music to your church.

The trained ears and fingers of accomplished organists have recognized in the Baldwin the wonders of expression and

feeling found in the finest instruments... the magnificent

glory of tone associated with wrorship and devotion. Yet

the Baldwin can be installed for a fraction of the expected

cost. Send for folder describing this instrument.

MODEL 5 BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS

THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, DEPT. IE-3, CINCINNATI 2, OHIO

BALDWIN ACROSONIC HAMILTON AND HOWARD PIANOS

MARCH 1950 223 UTOC AL

r etter Car Care Fo and Superior Products

Plenty of Service Plenty of Superior Products

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY* 224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LEHI IN THE DESERT (Continued from page 222) word wilderness most closely apests of the south Arabian coasts. plies, so that Nephi is using the

The desert into which Lehi first word in its fullest correctness. 131

retreated and in which he made his From I Nephi 8:4 and 7, we learn

first long camp has been known that by wilderness he means waste, since Old Testament times as the i.e. desert, and not jungle. Today

wilderness par excellence. Thanks we call the region a desert, yet

to the Bible, it is this very section Woolley and Lawrence preferred of the earth's surface to which the (Continued on following page)

JL -e: joc I a 4 4-. EAID IT

in a O-Jook

BY RICHARD L EVANS Li Tn defending a statement that is questioned or challenged, not infrequently someone will say: "I read it in a M

book"(as if this were a final and unanswerable defense).

But the books of men are no more infallible than are men. An error is an error—even in a book! It is true

that print tends to give weight to what is printed. And

if we have seen it in print, it leaves its impression upon us, and many will choose to believe it, no matter who wrote it, or when, or why., But much that is printed contradicts much else that is printed, and it therefore follows

that much of what is written and read must be wrong: If, Bound Volumes of

for example, we were to turn to a textbook of a generation the ERA make valuago, we would be astounded at how much that was then proclaimed in print has since been set aside. And what able reference books.

L reason have we to suppose that much of what we conPreserve each issue lor bindclude today will not likewise seem absurd to those who ing when volume is complete.

follow in fifty years—or even in five! It doesn't seem

likely that we shall be the exception—either in literature or in life. But even when an irresponsible person writes, A fine addition to any

if his words appear in print, they will almost certainly library, both for value impress some people. A lie from the lips of a man may of contents and aptravel far and fast—but it may be forgotten when breath

fails or memory fades. But a printed lie enjoys a kind pearance.

of infamous immortality. It lives on the page long after

those who penned it have passed. But fortunately we Economical are not obliged to believe everything we read, any more

than we are obliged to believe everything we hear. Man- $2.50 per volume

made theories and "authorities''come and go, and socalled F.O.B. Salt Lake City

"final"findings have so often proved to be anything but (Postpaid, add 30c) "final."We should certainly read and seek knowledge

out of the best books and be ever grateful for the blessed companionship of good books and for all the truth and 1949 Index is now in print; that beauty but where have been preserved conready so send your

troversial well afford considerations can are concerned, we to wait and watch, not being too hasty in assuming soERAS for binding to called "final"conclusions, for the books of men are.no

more infallible than men. What is written is written—

h but if what is written is not true, writing it or saying it doesn't make it so. DESERET NEWS PRESS

M Jhe Spoken lA/ord from temple SQUARE 40 Richards St.

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, JANUARY 22, 1950 Salt Lake City,.. Copyright King Features

tk: ZXT a:z 3r 3rn laEi

MARCH 1950 225

Make Reservations Lehi in the Desert

preceding page) NOW for the (Continued from the older word to designate this particular desert—the Wilderness

Beautiful of Zin. "The term 'wilderness'

Save Space does not necessarily mean an uninhabitable waste,"wrote Kenyon

Efficient GBIEBRATION (thus associating the two words as

Provide Nephi does), "rather it means a

DoubleDuty country such as nomads may inRooms habit, with oases and wadies where

Wide Variety crops may be raised."1,52 So Lehi's

of Colors wilderness had "more fertile parts"in which survival was possible.

(Ibid., 16:16.) The particular waste

in which Lehi made his first camp deserts the most uninviting among repreis bonded ACCORDIONLIKE IN Wesentativesare authorized,for all lines serving earth; though some observers on

Hawaii. OPENING AND CLOSING think the area enjoyed a little more

Lines Matson Air Lines rainfall in antiquity than it does toThis improved type of folding wall is United a complete unit folding on itself Pan American Air Lines day, all are agreed that the change successful in all types of openings HawaiianNorthwest AirAir LinesLines of climate has not been considerable for both home and commercial in* All Hawaiian Hotels since prehistoric times—it was at

stallations. It is fabriccovered for All Hawaiian Sightseeing best almost as bad then as it is

beauty—metalframed for rigidity service Our complete adds nothing now. 133 Even if Lehi took the main

to trip. the cost of your and strength.

Write or Phone southern route down the Arabah,

UNIVERSAL TRAVEL SERVICE as he very probably did, since it was to Sea, and the direct road the Red Hotel Mezzanine, Temple Square ALDER'S all the to a caravan known way 1343 So. Main Salt Lake City 3-3419 DIAL

Phone 7-1531 merchants, he would be moving through a desert so repelling that even the hardened Bedouins avoid it like the plague. Nor need we

look there for any monuments of

AHEAD OF THE FIELD his passing: "The Egyptians, the Patriarchs, the Jews, the Romans,

the Crusaders, and the Arabs all lock at the ba#/ passed over these tracks, and they have given us placenames and no more. Probably in their eyes the

country was too detestable to merit further reference.... 1S4 Detestfc.,

Rich Maroon able certainly describes the place in

Royal Blue the eyes of Lehi's people, who

Traditional Black "murmured"bitterly at being led

will prefet the see new too them, you you When hell. into a such

color. rich, covers in Their Bibles with National

the Get very latest in depiano as as the well the pleases eye beauty modern ( continued he To easyto-read clear. Bibles Crystal soul. have shown velopments it r. Balanced tension

their ideal lectern. for or With type many home metal lever back,. far BIBLIOGRAPHY rigid more leather fine genuine appealing, covers helps and

than posts. wood That's prized colors, are they why possessions in a range of the of Bedouin JenningsBramley. "The E. U'W.

gifts. or welcome 1907, 106, and 1906, p. Peninsula."Sinaitic PEFQ Everett an in stays tune longer!

281. p. BELOVED VERSION KING JAMES

lines 34, Tarafah Mu'altaqat: the from 102Thus

40f; Imr'ul Qais 4649; Antarah 2528; Labid 4043;

Dichter arabischer alter Ahlwardt, Sammlungen 5863; viii, v. All of the M.I.A. Ask for W.(Berlin, 1903) II, No. iii, 8-20;

xxviii, xxx. xxii, 1-19; 3037; xv, 4049; 2426;

are cited poets xli, 1921. xl. 5169; JUNE FESTIVAL MUSIC xii,9-11; 1-8; Other

Brockelmann, Gesch. der arab. Lit. pp. 10, 16f,

91. will be available at the Rational BIBLES in19, 20, 21, 22, 54,

Beesley Music Wherever Bibles are Sold of 103TheAbu Tammanentire section(Calcutta,on "Travel"1856) 206-9,in theis Hamasahtaken up

MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED withdark. theThe exhaustionmist of darknessand terroris mentionedof travelin innearlythe

footnote. all our preceding the passages given in HEADQUARTERS FOR 1 L. D. S. f there March, 10*"During December, and November,

... IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA mists. mists depend often are dense These d k

intense the with often wind, alternate upon and BEESLEY CO. MUSIC.. 'Ch. on droughts,"Warren, Sir "Notes YE REST KINGS MOTEL Palestine,"lying Country between and Egypt PEFQ. the 70 City South Main Salt Lake

, 526 Philby, Arabia, of opposite 44. the 5th STREET end 1887, p. SOUTH At

Phone 4-G518 Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner ThedescendedEmpty uponQuarter,the groundp. 96 reportsand blotted"a thickout mistthe

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager landscape Utah's Pioneer Music House ing the...afterair sunrise."cold and Id.,clammy.p. 134:Everything"Next mornwas Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

(Continued on page 229) 226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) ) ) ).

\ delicious dinner Soup—roast veal—string beans, asparagus—lettuce

I tomato, and cucumber salad—even bread and

\ butter and a potato! And custard!

Who ever beard ofa woman losing weight and enjoying 3 delicious mealsa day at the same time?

.. No exercise. No pills or drugs. No massage

HOW IN THE WORLD CAN SHE DO IT?

Thousands Are Raving About This OELIEVE it or not, the woman in the picture impossible to predict the exact numis ber surprise This may REDUCING!

still can't that have the idea you MIRACLE WAY TO SLIMNESS! peopleabovewho;'10DAYof poundsMIRACLEyou willDIET"lose ongiventhe

in this unless that book. lose diet weight a the But average overyou on would go Registered a Nurse From weight person satisfy bird. a to lose expect not 5 may is a nurse. registered the Yours "I'm pounds 10 days—and some may ever I've sensible reducing plan most is pleasant, the following This simply woman lose as as in 10 inmuch pounds 10 P. K., Detroit, seen."—Miss Mich. J. to sensible, scientific reduce. bulges her Soon way days—even the diet though proif will as disappear magic. out smooth and by as vides daily as bulk the much

will slim the that glances a enjoy admiring She Miracle a Truly average diet! American

attracts. this mirfigure slenderizing always t/ And to lose sensible weight and way "Most the gives Then diet book you a for quickacle W*ltH.i.f.,Vitgitf) overweight the can accomplished be life at time. the Lost enjoy 10 same for losing 10 a pounds month; and or ly are a safely—whether woman, and you man Miracle days. in 10 10Day The pounds a "stayslim"diet, so when you or old. all—of best young And is V. L. M., Miracle."—Mrs. a Diet reach alluring slendemess, stay can you Chicago. don't to You stick have to yourself denying day's each 3 WITHOUT there.menu

either. Substitution delicious sustaining every Table day, meals of you dozens

Doctors Endorsed Book other meats foods breakfast. tasty including a and eat you maygives

1 242. Today. instead. weighed "Last August diets These give a you the exerdrudgery of WITHOUT I doctors en142. weigh 5th figure, slimmer l also My May (for scienand rouN0S| 10 cise! as can as ( lazy be You you feel fine, tific look in book. your dorsed reasons ) greater Now health and J please.

1 B., /. F. Middleyears younger."—Mrs. beauty!

town, Del. WITHOUT drugs, pills, or compounds! definitely can hurt (They More Than 400,000 health your appearance. and

Pills Diets of All Kinds and Tried People This Chose EASY baths pills. steam or masall diets of WITHOUT kinds and "Tried

Nothing helped me like your wonderful sage! ( So often they don't work—and Way to Reduce

are terribly they usually expensive. better than Feel pounds. Lost 70 book. it Is that any wonder 400,000 Sell City, B., F. years.'"—Mrs. in I have simply then? knowing By How the people country over have bought Ind. facts certain scientific upto-date this of a copy wonderworking hook? that And

foodselection! about so it results have exciting written about many

Thrilled Husband Her has letters accomplished? of these are a few

It's husband's for without book "Sent my You this letter on page. every shown is genu- (JustAnd Simple—Once I to notice was began knowledge. He ine.

losing weight. So I let him in on the Know This Fact!

]., E. thrilled!"—Mrs. secret. he Was It Examine 5 calin are Days fat high FREE foods Some Cal. Toft, in ories. energyare high Others sent need be money now. "The No New Way

discalories. has stimulating Science to (in a plain wrapper) will Slim"Eat Get and Lost 23 Pounds first if of foods, your eat that kind the covered you it be sent that the with understanding keep you weigh pounds. weighed 192 "I Now stores and burns body LESS MORE ENERGY for five days, cost or obligation. without Fla. 169. B., Jacksonville, D. "-Mrs. M. if burn eat kind the you second But you FAT.

authorities medical Leading have 400,000 Over store FAT. and LESS ENERGY MORE this approved book. believe We Bought Have People explains scientific most fact This simple why will, that too. doctor your Show This Book!

... fails and "dieting""The ordinary why him. to are Unless conyou

explained ( as to Slim"Eat Get and this Way that New offers itvinced the book you his produces in ) book G. Cooley Donald by safe, quick, pleasant to "lazyway"

such amazing results. reduce, return it without obligation.

Otherwise it is yours to keep for plus only cents $2.00 postage. few i You t*S Do Much How

Mail Free at 1 Coupon once. INC., FUNK, WILFREDExamination to Lose? Miii.G.Montana WANT

St., Dept. R-283, Neiv East 44th 227

Since no two persons are exactly alike, it is York 17, N. Y.

"Weighed 196—Now I Wear a Size 12 Dress", 5-DAY FREE EXAMINATION COUPON

Ire. FUNK, WILFRED size a 12 dress. and wear 119 pounds INDIANABEND SOUTH Dept. St., R-283, 44th East N.Y. York 227 17, New I compliments wonderful what And

in plain Please send a figure!"wrapper—"The looks city and New get this a report on comes myFrom

to days'for Eat Get andme—Slim"5 Way FREE 36year-old housewifefrom a Bucks,"Million Like He Look a "You I If I will keep the book send EXAMINATION.

Said yet, pounds; weighed 196who I plus you actual postage. Otherwise $2.00

within less than 4 months, she "My brother came home from overreturn it without further obligation. will

behind walking seas, and was so slim thatbecame her own she?'hubba! me. 'Hubba, Whorightis her! he Name recognize tobrother failed I turned Well, exclaimed. when

Here is how she herself describes around I wish you could have seen surprise. of lookit: the

is it really you? You 'Sis!look Gosh,like a gosh,milAddress

"I weighed 196 pounds,"she says, lion bucks!'He just couldn't get over Zone No.

"and you can imagine what a sight I how much like a schoolgirl I looked. City (If any) State

always Friends tellingwas. were me if this coupon enclosing here $2 WITH on. I could go on "Oh, and foolish to lose attempt to evenI'd be will postage. the The and pay 5-day The same CheckWE all that nicest of thing husband myweight. privilege, full return for refund, applies. all again. fell in over love with isme

"But I decided to give it a try. And He's so proud he is always taking me (Canadian Orders: Send 25c extra for carrying

oh, what wonderful results after only places so he can show me off to charges. Only U. S. currency accepted.)

three and a half months. I now weigh his friends."

MARCH 1950 227

:xx: 3Z 3X 2C 2T 2x: yy 2H nc 3JC fln

them. But an unspoken lie is an illusive deception.

It is akin to the kind of lying a man does when he falsely wears a uniform, which, without his saying 0 J>peahiweamna whichso, giveshe isthenot.impressionFor this kindthat ofhefalseis impressionsomething

there are specific penalties. But for some kinds of

BY RICHARD L. EVANS false impressions, the penalties are difficult to M

lie, he who Tt has sometimes been assumed that truth pertains invoke. Nevertheless, he who acts a

a lives permits deknowingly or he a lie, who or one says if we only to what writes—that is guilty with him ception, moral grounds on who right words, the with impression give we a wrong

are still within the truth. But words are not the deliberately speaks a lie, because both contrive

only way of conveying meanings. And whether or to mislead the minds of men. To those with many youth, especially—let"not we are truthful depends not only upon the years ahead of them—to

are not wholly truthful when words we use but also upon the intentions we have this be said: We

and the impressions we give. The truth has not we offer a halftruth to anyone who has a right to

are not wholly truthful u been told unless there is an honest transference of the wh6le truth. We

when we warp facts with words or in any other thought, and honest conveyance of meaning, regardless of what we say in words. Indeed, the way. Deception is much more than a mere matter

is guilty y untruth of actions can be more misleading than the of words. He who falsifies without words

it with words. And even untruth of words. A picture or a gesture may tell with him who does though the rules of legal evidence may not al- a thousand lies without a word's being spoken.

And what is left unsaid may be more misleading ways be able to hold him accountable, the rules of than what is said. It is a relatively easy* matter to moral evidence will.

convict a man of a spoken or a written lie, but it is often difficult to convict him of deliberately ie -J>pohenS>poken Ul/ordWord from temple square making a false impression. We can read words; PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADwe can record them, we can define them; we can CASTING SYSTEM, JANUARY 29, 1950

hear the true or false ring of the voice that speaks Revised Copyright 1950 n- 3CC 21 3Cd zrz: 3CC:xe 2T 2X 2T 2TZ xr:

THE REVISED

STANDARD VERSION of the NEW TESTAMENT

What finer gift for enduring spiritual strength and renewed inspiration than the Revised Standard

Version of the New Testament It is the only Authorized Version with ALL these features:

Presentday English, free of obsolete phrases; Large

clear type running across the page; Poetry in verse

form; Spelling and punctuation in modern use.

The Word of God must not be disguised in phrases that are no longer clear, or hidden under words that have changed or lost their meaning. The Word in the Revised Standard

Version stands forth in language that is direct and plain, in English that we use and understand today.

For your Easter gift—or for your own use, go to your

nearest bookstore and order a copy today.

FREE—64 page booklet, "UnderNOW IN THREE SIZES including pocket editions

Scriptures"the standing by 15 BINDINGS FROM 50Y to $15. 10 cents for Send M. J. Shroyer. postage and handling. At All Bookstores w%=

THOMAS NELSON & SONS 385 Madison Avenue, New York 17, N. Y. mm

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lehi in the Desert sgZfAi

(Continued from page 226) grimed with sand and the sun was feeble in the extreme,"p. 183: "A light, clammy northern 'N mist. gently a thick fanned dampbreeze EGGS..."TUNA

etc. "heman"A new, quick,

cit. II, in op. Ahlwardt, 103A1Ajjaj, No. i.

100Arabs shun houses of stone and clay, T. breakfast dish, made with

Canaan, in jnl.Pai.Or.Soc. 13, p. 37; Jacob "was

honest and dwelt in a tent."A. Jeremias, Das Altc '4

Testament im Lichte des Alten Orients (Leipzig, 1916) p. 316. One is reminded by Lehi's imagery of

the great stone houses of the ancient Arabs, veritable skyscrapers, with the windows beginning fifty feet from the ground; at night these would certainly

give the effect of being suspended above the earth.

10TLucy Mack Smith, History of Joseph Smith (Ed.

Preston Nibley, Stevens & Wallis, Salt Lake City, 1945) pp. 4750. These dreams must be considered

only in their most general aspects, since Mother

Smith is here at an advanced age recalling purely from memory the dream of another person reported 7#M to her thirtyfour years before (see Introduction pp.

ix vii constant devout her and and space of same in cleared of of charwithreading whose the); moreoverBook Mormon, PREPARE: WAYS TO EASY TWO

to liked acters she identify (Id. her people own p. skillet well influenced after have her 196) memory may irJ nghtlyeggs; push to Scramble (1)

is years. fallen the certainly so timber But many

a striking image which may wT ell have been part one side of skillet. Put the (2) Combine tuna and eggs

of the original dream.

AlBochtori, 10SThus cit. Brockelmann, Gesch.d.ar. tuna and chopped pepper and scramble together.

Lit., p. 88. cf. Lebid. id. p. 55. Maidan means

both "large, spacious field,"and "an ample life"in Arabic. 109"The Arabic Misyal, Masyal, Masil, or Masilah, is... a hill watercourse, which rolls a

torrent during and after rain, and is either partially or wholly dry at other seasons,—the stream flowing

slowly underground. In England we want the

feature, and therefore there is no single word to express it. Our 'river'is an imperfect way of

the idea."Sir conveying Burton, Richard Pilgrimage PKD

to I, Madinah Al (London, & Meccah 250, 1893) SALTIN SOYBEAN!ADDED 2. n. it is inadequate However our "river,"word /ea \ -ASS& the only one in available the its language; hence

use in the Book of Mormon.

110E.g., AlAjjaj, in Ahlwardt. II, No.i; Th.

Noeldeke, Veterum (Berlin, Arabicorum Carminum the last 1890), p. Ill; is GRATEDftTUNA verse of the First Psalm

another example.

eastern mThe wall of the Arabah, down which the southern traderoad ran, is interrupted freTrademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif.

quently by such abrupt gorges, "... titanic walls,

lofty donjons, huge projecting bastions, and moats full of deep shade,"says Burton (op. cit. 1, 207)

itsdescribing southern extension. famous Egyp- A

tian school text of the period Ramessid ("The ofTravels an Egyptian") with comments wonder theon terrain broken the and great heights and thatdepths the traveler in encounters Palestine.

l1 -In i. cit. Ill, Ahlwardt, op. No.

11:!Noeldeke, op. cit. p. 95; Brockelmann, op. cit.

pp. 19, 21; Antarah, 1.6.

114 "... he was not one to keep silent when the

contest of words began,"thus of a true leader, cited by Brockelmann, op. cit. pp. 6-7. In the

Hilal epicBeni the first requirement of every leader is skilful inspiring and speech.

11B P. Baldensperger. "Arab Life,"PEFQ 1925,

81.p. 11sBurton, op. cit. I, 280.

11TW. ]. PhythianAdams, "The Mount of God."

p. 5.PEFQ1IR Philby.1930, The193f; EmptyCaiger, Quarter,Bible andp. Spade,216.

Albright, 110W. in The Biblical Archaeologist IX

4f p. (1946)

la) P. Baldensperger, "Arab Life,"PEFQ 1922

170f 121 C. L. Woolley and T. E. Lawrence, The

Wilderness of Tin (London, J. Cape, 1936) p. 34

132Albright, Archaeol. and the Relig. of Israel,

p. 101 123Diodorus. Hist. Lib. XIX. 94100; cf. Jerem.

xlix; 31 f, noting the great freedom of movement

of "the wealthy nation"12llA. Jaussen, "L'Immolation chez les Nomades,"

Revue Biblique N.S. 3 (1906), p. 95

'-"'At this date it is plain that all other routes of escape would be closed; the intimate danger

be, of north, course, the from seewould the theMyres, from and NorthJ. L.in ALL FINISHES Danqer "God

Ezekiel"PEFQ 1932, 213ff, while the south desert to the settlements end;remained open some Jewish ALL SIZES

to there actually destruction"escaped have "appear "C-;>;>,V.".'.'.'.'.Ul'.'.'J.,: ri; in Bibl.altogether, Albright, Archaeologist IX The

p. 6. (1946),

126Albright, op. cit.- p. 5f m

J21The Improvement Era 51 (April 1948), 202ff 1;!8Caiger, Bible and Spade. p. 188

l2See below, notes 150152 still their near the were Red Sea when 130They BENNETT'S out, could hardly have which happened worebows 65 WEST FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY within a year of their departure from Jerusalem;

see below, n. 177

131Significant is Margoliouth's suggestion (Relaand at Bennett's Branches and Dealers tions betw. Arabs & Israelites, p. 47). that when

Jeremiah (Lehi's contemporary) "speaks of them -,-,,..-,,.-,..,,,,:,,.,-.,....-,,..,....;:,,..,-...,,.-.-...........,.-,..

as dwelling in the wilderness, that word may be (Continued on following page) MARCH 1950 229

Lehi In The Deseret

{Continued from preceding page)

a general designation for the (Arabian) peninsula of which so large a portion is arid and uncultivated."

If this is so, Nephi's "wilderness"is definitely the

Arabiani32j n WoolleyPeninsula.and Lawrence, op. cit., p. 11

133A great deal has been written on this subject.

We shall content ourselves with a single observation from Woolley and Lawrence, op. cir. p. 36:

"All our evidence points to the antiquity of present conditions.... It is, we think, both natural and

correct to assume that at all periods in man's history the southern desert has been very much the desert that it is today."

13*/d. p. 37

Mission To Polynesia (Continued from page 180) was soon called, and, when she came in, she stood and eyed me with a verysuspicious look. When one of her

sisters tried to force her to me to shake hands, saying, "That is Pa,"she jerked her hand away saying, "It is not,"and left the room. Their

mother soon came in. She looked

quite natural and quite as young as when I left home, being more fleshy now than then. At Winter Quarters

she, with the rest of the family, all but the youngest, suffered under severe fits of sickness, and the scurvy deprived her of her upper teeth, and when she talked her voice was unnatural; except for that, I could see

no change in her. But the children

had all grown entirely out of my recollection, and none of them knew me. I left them June 1, 1843, and now

this was the 28th of September. 1848.

Such a cruel separation causes emotions that none can know but those who experience it. It was more like

the meeting of strangers than the meeting of a family circle.

ClADE CANDV COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Writing about the same event,

Louisa recorded,

He looked rough and sunburned.

None but the eldest daughter recognized him. The others did not seem

his pleased with appearance. So much4 DOWITHAWAYYOUR like that strangers seem did we we

FINANCIAL scarcely knew what to say to each... The scene evidently afWORRIES other.

QUICKLY... EASILY...SIMPLY fected him as the feelings between him

Here's a budget home NEW system and his children were coincident. It

... to Adaptable that really WORKS! ANY income

. For the entire family. The Chase system inwas sad to realize what a change the

in detail cludes No. I outlines BOOKS. TWO how lapse of years brings, changing forms sucis planned and controlled budget the modern

of account cessfully. 2 contains a year'ssupply No. book.''and features in the domestic circle sheets. It's not expense just another

ORDER YOURS TODAY! $2.00 COMPLETE... even to cause estrangement along with

guarantee. back POSTPAID! Money

TAX ADD 37. SALES IN CALIFORNIA Visit Our New separation. Nothing short of the inMOTOR-MART GARDENS the of advancement kingdom and East terest 550 South 6th

R-l justify lengthy could so of God CHASES... LONG BEACHDEPARTMENTt. CALIFORNIA BOX 650 PORTERWALTON CO. separation. a

Dept. E., Box 1619 Salt Lake City 11

( To be continued 230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Was Iron Known In Ancient America? rom basket

1 ( Concluded from page 75

it that revealed tailed study was not to box made within the last 200 years.

"Early history of the region does score not reveal any mention of a colonial iron furnace or smelter there, the report states.... in time

"Captain Mallery has compared the nails found on the Virginia for

Folsom site with iron nails dug up at the old Jamestown colonial settlement. They differ markedly in breakfast

shape, he reports. On the other

hand he finds them markedly like the rivets used by Vikings for holding together the oak planks forming the hulls of their boats. They are??

of a soft iron that could be hammered cold because hot iron would set fire to the wood a*nd make the rivet loose. Similar nails, he says,

were recovered from the socalled

Oseberg ship which is dated at 600 A. D. will your favorite "The finding of this ancient iron How opens up the whole question of team fare tonight? It's

whether America did have an 'Iron satisfying to know that

Age'before the Spanish and Engtomorrow morning's Salt lish colonists brought iron tools and Lake Tribune will tell you the whole story. All the drama and color

of are related, expertly is analysis and often the game an of the made withweapons to them the New effects background of the and future outcome on engagements. TheWorld. Archaeologists long have actions player of each faithfully are in the recorded score. box Evenbelieved that iron was unknown that as as late on games end are midnight may yours to at review

this continent in preColumbian breakfast time next morning. This service to you is the result of

days."teamwork by scores of Salt Lake Tribune sports correspondents

So men of science are still dithroughout the Intermountain states and the basketball specialists of vided, but the evidence is moving The Salt Lake Tribune sports staff which includes toward confirmation of the Book of

Mormon statements. JOHN MOONEY, Associate Sports Editor, has

seen and reported on 408 basketball games in his 16 years of newspaper work. His popular column, "The Sports Mirror,"

reflects the "news behind the news"of athletics.

ACCOUNTING games,DlLtL,is a v.L.CvjrvJ,basketball lettermanwho covers(Universitythe Intermountainof Illinois),collegefinds

By Marie Henderson Wood reporting even more fascinating than playing. Readers of The

Salt Lake Tribune's sports pages enjoy his impartial, factual style

OUR angry words have scourged a loving of writing.

heart To leave it sorrowing beyond repair. DON PLATH loves high school basketball. His

Our careless words have left a field of enthusiasm is reflected in his highly entertaining reports of doubt For idle minds to till and harvest bear. gameson the andsportshis staffwidelyreadof The "PrepSalt LakeTalks"Tribunecolumn.he Inhashisseen2 yearsand

Too often we have walked our wilful way reported on 63 high school hoop encounters.

Oblivious of thine outstretched guiding And sports coverage is but one of the many facets hand, of a newspaper dedicated to serving Intermountain (Q

Forgetful that we needed but to pray families. In its 80 years The Salt Lake Tribune has

To have revealed the powers at our published 29,200 issues—each painstakingly edited in

command. its every department to merit the confidence of readers.

Again we've failed thee, Lord; and yet

we know That we are loved. We are thy children?y st still;

Bewildered, groping, but receiving, as we One of America's Great Newspapers go Thy pardoning grace with all of thy good will.

MARCH 1950 231 Give Your Speech A Point

( Concluded from page 181) ceed to give a speech that proves something else. The result is usually listener confusion.

You may find that when you have discarded all irrelevant and unnecessary material, you have little remaining which you can use.

If so, you may, of course, change your objective as you would alter any goal in life that seems impossible of achievement. But if you

feel that the theme you have chosen is the best for you and your listenSeries 21 Wurlitzer Organ ers, your alternative is to gather

When church committees investigate the more material to fill the gaps in organ field thoroughly, they usually choose the your knowledge that have become

Wurlitzer Organ. And tor very good reasons. apparent.

The true church tone of the Wurlitzer satisfies the most critical ear. The playing features of It is obviously to your advantage

the Wurlitzer are exactly what the organist is to set your objective as early in the accustomed to and wants. Fine construction speech preparation process as you

comparatively and low price make its value can, for in gathering material you to everyone. obvious

Wurlitzer builds a complete line of organs can direct your attention more closeboth doublemanual and singlemanual types. ly to information that will be pertihigh-quality, singlemanual a lowpriced, The—most recent development is the new Series 15 nent and avoid wasting precious organ time on material you will be unable especially with pedals designed lor the small

church or chapel. See this and other to use.

Wurlitzer Organs at your Wurlitzer dealer's. When finally you have organized

Company, North Tonowanda, The Rudolph Wurlitzer New York all the relevant material around the

Illinois Offices, Chicago. Executive

central idea and are ready to give

too. values, people More objective buy the audience what your WurliTzer Wurlitzer leads in piano the speech, do not be afraid to tell

than Pianos is. for an old formula There is

other World's Largest Builder of Organs and thoseWurlitzer any nam*- of

Pianos Under One Name making a speech: first, tell your

listeners what you are going to tell them, then tell them, and finally

ENRICHED tell them what you have told them.

WITH Such a rule cannot always be applied, but the principle is sound.

VITAMINS It is usually wise, somewhere near the beginning of a speech, to let the audience know what your point is, and at the end, to summarize your ideas, stating your point once more. That is the idea you want

your listeners to carry away with them.

Travelers like to know their destination; listeners like to know

your intentions. Therefore, for

the benefit of both you and your listeners, give your speech a point!

ROYAL BAKING CO. AT ALL FOOD STORES

Salt Lake and Ogden

Delicious NOW AVAILABLE SUNVISTA For Missionaries, Teachers, Lecturers, Home Use

CHURCH LANDMARKS 9 BLACKEYED PEAS

BOOK OF LANDS MORMON Q BUTTER BEANS 8-16 In Beautiful Kodachrome mm Movies, BABY LIMA BEANS slides inch 2x2 PINTO BEANS List Free on Request CHILI GREEN PEPPERS

PINTO BEANS WITH PORK MEXICHROME TRAVEL FILMS

At Your Grocers Box 391 Rochester, New York 232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

These limes

( Concluded from page 1 62

rich territory fartherthe Manchurian north. In 1928 the United States MODEL Drecognized Chiang's government at ALUSCHALMERS

Nanking as the legal and responsible

Chinese government.

When the Japanese utilized Chiang's enemies in the north and in Manchuria to occupy the latter in 1931. President

Hoover and Secretary of State Stimson refused to recognize the same on the ground that it was a violation of the "territorial integrity of China."

Was Manchuria part of China or did it have a "territorial integrity"of its own?

We did not fight over the Manchurian incident of 1931. But when the

Japanese occupied islands south of THE ONL Y MOTOR GRADER

Hong Kong, captured Nanking in 1938, and began to outflank the Philippines, IN ITS POWER CLASS WITH TANDEM DRIVE...

we commenced'the policies which led Quickly, efficiently maintains dirt and gravel roads and the Japanese to attack Pearl Harbor on streets, handles light construction, builds and cleans ditches, 7, 1941. the United SoDecember scarifies old roads, levels subgrade—and for a fraction of

II in theStates entered World War of large motor graders.Pacific theater—to defend the "terthe cost

MATERIAL LOADSritorial integrity"China. of fought We D, equipped The Model Asia; well as as in Europethe war but LOOK AT THESE hydraulically with the

in Asia, to defend and vindicate BIG GRADER operatedTractoLoaderrear-mountedquickly

Chiang's China from Japanese penetracleans up windrows, loads tion. Between 1945 and 1950 Chiang FEATURES pilesdirt andinto trucks,sod fromremovesstock

lost China to Mao TseTung, fiftysix Tandem Drive othersnow, bulkhandlesmaterials.many

yearold leader of the Chinese ComRoll-Away Moldboard HYDRAULIC SCARIFIER munists, with whom Chiang has been Tubular Frame Mounted back of the weight blade, rearendfighting the since spent 1934. Mao Clearance Throat High at deteeth ripping keeps

sired assures depth as the guest of ofopening 1950 weeks Drive Over Engine... steering positive smooth,

in RusWillJoseph Stalin Moscow. Wheels all at times.

sia, who negotiated the first modern Simplified Servicing PLOWS SNOW in keeptreaty roads and the emperor Chinese with You Full Visibility in clear areas parking this as the century out1689, round this with snowLift winter Blade Hydraulic. attachment. and plow of the vast "empire"?master Chinese light bulldoz-. handle any Operator Complete

backfilling with and after years the 19111950 will Mao,Or Comfort interchangeable aning civil emergeof and anarchy, war 'dozer blade. as the founder of a new dynasty? Weight: 8500 lbs. ELIMINATES WINDROWS—Special windrow eliminaIn the meantime, it is curious to note Brake Hp.: 34.7 tor feathers out material, saves making extra pass.

that the United States poured out its (famous AllisChalmers ASK YOUR ALLISCHALMERS DEALER blood and treasure, from 194145, to gasoline engine) TO DEMONSTRATE NOW!

forward 4 Speeds: doingtear Now, we are down Japan.

m.p.h.; to 18.61 build 2.40 toeverything in our power reverse 2.37

Japan as an American ally and bastion TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1 U S A in Asia! Meanwhile, the regime for

which we fought the war in Asia exgotpires Chiang on Formosa. When

integrity"he y.-y/.-.yyy.-yyy.. THE of China,the "territorial

couldn't maintain it. Can Mao? Book Of Mormon Guide Book

All of which, in these times, recalls By VERLA BIRRELL

Bobbie Burns'remark about "the bestlaid plans of mice and men."The actual verses of the BOOK OF MORMON ORMON arranged according to subject matter.

Important to a better understanding of the

Book of Mormon.

CULINARY A "Must"for students, teachers, missionaries.

By Thclma Ireland $5.50 HpHE waves churn on the sandy beach * In turbulent regime. Deseret Book Co., ZCMI, Bookcraft

No wonder that each mound of blue And Other Leading Bookstores

Is topped with white whipped cream.

MARCH 1950 Close the door. and let light in!

Entrance halls need not Pioneering Families Of be dark and g.oomy.

Insulux Glass Block Joseph Smith's Uncles brings in abundant daylight—without sacrificing

privacy. (Continued from page 177)

You can close the door accepted the gospel before Asael and still let the light inl and Silas, and he moved to Kirtland three years before his brothers did, and ever thereafter seemed to be

CLASS BLOCK called into more activity than his brothers, Asael and Silas. We find

FOR DETAILS SEE YOUR beautifulInsulux Glassand Blockfunctionalis a him presiding over a branch of the building material. It is Church in Daviess County, Misto designed do many things souri, in 1838; and a year later he other cannot materials FRIENDLY LUMBER that

DEALER do. Investigate! presided over a branch of the Saints

CITY in Iowa after having been driven LAKE 1-261 TmC mark op CO. SALTDtAL

POCATEUO.IDA from Missouri. In 1843 John Smith

PHONE 1J4 was called to the presidency of a

RENO. NEVADA 1-2196 I branch near Nauvoo, Illinois. He DIAL

RELIABILITY was ordained a patriarch in January 1844, and in 1849, in Utah, he was set apart to be Patriarch to the

I WAS ASHAMED Church, a position which he held until he died in Salt Lake City in 1854, at the age of seventythree. OF MY WIFE!

ill blessings.John Smith Aftergave ahistotalremovalof 5,560to but now nobody d7c&#c&*uca&y Tatted Utah, John was called to preside

knows she's deaf!"over the Saints in the mountains for

CATHEDRAL CHIMES and one and onehalf years, from 1847 "Frankly, I was ashamed of the way to 1848. my wife neglected her deafness. She

was always irritable, not interested in Regarding the entry of his uncle, friends or family. But I finally perJohn Smith, into the Church of

suaded her to see our local Sonotone Within the reach. / Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

nobody knows she's Consultant—now regardless church, of every greatly J the Prophet pleased seemed

deaf! cheerful, She's friendly. I'm size budget. of or 1 1,000 j Over in his interhistory to record some of proud her!"testify superior to their J installations details. esting of date Under is May This of just one heartwarm- many tone, operation. dependable

ing experiences of hard of hearing 23, 1833, we read:

people who've been helped by Sono- I MAAS Cathedral Chimes Vibrachimes

Carillons If Vibrachord Celeste Harp tone. of these typical One experiences, family and Smith Uncle John My

to: Ait write the exciting or of your nearby story s Maas Dealer,i a deafened career

arrived in Kirtland Potsdam, from girl, is told in a picture- f CO. MAAS ORGAN /V elder uncle being York, an my New

i booklet "Nobody eldest in the Church; wife and and his Deaf!''I'm i Knows

of Smith, Albert a lad son George Clip coupon for / now 4C-*--*, --;q,i-*0

your free copy. fifteen, were members. They were

the first f my father's relatives who!% obeyed the gospel. (History of the

Church, Vol. 1.) SONOTONE

Box IE-2, Elmsford, N.Y.

Please send free It is interesting to note here in "Nobody PROFITABLE I booklet, DAYS early [M 1833 this that recording of >"Knowsi 'mDeaf III EL 1 AHEAD FOR has so which come to be name

Name honored since from generation to

Address Apt Albert Smith. 0UISH generation—George

City State GRADUATES Now, after these brief sketches

Capitalize on QUISH training You'll nowl be a of the lives of the three uncles of competent beautician when the Prophet, arises the natural prograduated. QUISH

vides with technical you query, the have descendants HOTEL how LANKERSHIM skill and knowledge gained 7th & BROADWAY ENROLL these three valiant crusaders, in 25 SEND FOR of NOW FREE TODAY! years.CATALOG Silas, Asael, Smith, stood and John

SCHOOL OF in the affairs of the Church and

LOS ANGELES BERUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN the communities of the West to this

TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE''day? Whatever extra interest at234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

taches to the name of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, extends to some extent to all who are connected to him by ties of consanguinity. Because of the able and courteous assistance of Edith Smith, historian

of the Smith family, herself a granddaughter of Asael Smith, a few highlights on the families of the Prophet's uncles are made available.

Asael Smith, the Prophet's uncle, now has at least eight hundred descendants. Elias Smith, a son,

born 1804, came to Kirtland in 1836 with his father. He was then,

or immediately thereafter baptized a member of the Church, for soon he was a leading seventy in Kirtland and became the historian of the

Kirtland quorum of the seventy in its notable migration en masse to

Missouri in 1838. His record of

this historic trek is now considered one of the interesting early Church documents, and is extensively quoted in Documentary History of the Church, Volume 3.

Because of qualities thus early calledmanifested, Elias Smith was HOTEL to further responsibilities. On Carpenter, ManagerUTAH one Max

occasion he was appointed a member of a committee headed by John

Taylor to petition the federal govfor redressernment of wrongs and DON'T COME TO CONFERENCE sufferedinjuries Saints durby the ing their lawless expulsion fromMissouri in 183839. This petition WITHOUT HEARING THE

stands on the records of the Church as a dignified and powerful appeal for justice. Elias Smith, furtherBeautiful

more, was managing editor of the

Times and Seasons in Nauvoo, and later in Salt Lake City he held the same position for The DeseretNews. For a period he held the HAMMOND

appointment as postmaster at Salt

Lake City and had the honor ofserving as probate judge of Salt ORGAN!

Lake County for thirtytwo years from 1852 to 1884. His son, Judge

Elias Asael Smith, served as a OVER 179 BEING PLAYED IN LD.S. CHAPELS EVERY SUNDAY!

And Any Bishop Who Has One Will Tell You Why!member of the Salt Lake and Liberty stakes high councils for a 1—Costs less than any other electric organ from $1320 up. Cold, heat or damptotal of sixtytwo years, a record ness has no effect in pitch. Never needs tuning.

believed to be unequaled in the 2 Is easy to play.

3—Takes up so little room.

history of the Church.

ON DISPLAY EVERY DAY AT The second son of Asael Smith, the Prophet's uncle, was Jesse Johnson Smith, a worthy Kirtland Saint GLEN -BROS. MUSIC CO.

and a member of Zion's Camp 74 South Main Street which traveled from Ohio to Missouri in 1834 to succor the Church

(Continued on following page) MARCH 1950 235 A NEW PAIR Pioneering Families Of

FREE... Joseph Smith's Uncles

IF THEY RIP! (Continued from preceding page)

in Missouri. He died from diseases contracted on this journey.

AMERICA'S FINEST Another son of Asael Smith was named Silas Smith after his uncle. OVERALL Since 1 850 He came to Utah in 1851 and was

one of the early missionaries to the EH Hawaiian Islands and presided there from 1855 to 1857. In time

The "LEAF"that Silas became a bishop in Provo and BASKETBALL the head of a large family.

protects the crop is a EQUIPMENT Another wellknown grandson of

Asael Smith was the late Elias S.

Woodruff, of beloved memory.

Serving for many years as bishop of a large ward, he was later called to preside over the Western States and the Central States missions. A

successful business man in Salt Lake

City, he also served as a member of legislature. son, the state His Utah

outfit shirt or complete a gym A D., the of a former Asael member... You'll A. SPRAY or DUST for Team your M. I.

The famous "Black Leaf"tradefind quality, style, value... at faculty of Cornell University, is

mark on pest control products has now dean of the graduate school at dependof reliable, the symbol been for Brigham Young University and a to farmers protection able crop two generations. If you have a pest member of the Sunday School gencontrol problem, your best answer eral board.

is Leaf a Black spray or dust. Your iZZZEgaCORNER SECOND SOUTH AND STATE Silas Smith, the second of the invited. inquiries are

Prophet's uncles, today is repre- & CHEMICAL BYPRODUCTS TOBACCO VA. sented by over fourteen hundred. RICHMOND, CORPORATION

names of record. These numerous

IN USE fur OVER JFinY YEARS descendants live largely in Arizona

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple and Colorado. In Arizona they

sore throat and other minor mouth have been prominent members of and throat irritations. their communities. Silas S. Smith,

of Silas, son pioneer of 1847 was a in Utah, to the missionary an early HALL'SSalt Lake City,REMEDYUtah

Hawaiian Islands, and later a farmer in Colorado, where he also DEAF! served as legislator, judge, and as

BEFORE YOU BUY ANY president of a stake. In the style

: ff SMALL TRACTOR of the patriarchs of old, he became

SEE THE POWERFUL the father of twentytwo children.

5-H. P GRAVELYJesse N. Smith, son of this Silas

the world's finest, yet

I most Smith, also became prominent for moderately priced Garden

Tractor. line of Complete his activities. presidAt one time exclusively designed power

ONE tools for ing Garden, every over the Scandinavian Mission, | tractor!

OOFS 117 JOBS.Lawn and Field job. he later served as president of two

stakes in Arizona. This man, in

association with several of the

Apostles, helped to establish the in in of colonies Saints Mexico FIELDTESTEDrRACTOfiFOR 27 YEARS this 1885. In the regard, Historical Telex Hearing Center I

R. 504E. MORRISJudqe BuildingCOMPANY I!Sg7?& FREE BOOKLET. Record records that Jesse N. Smith

City, Utah Salt Lake 'a committee I want to about more know your new I Gravely 1600InrermountainBeck Street Co. was a member of

sound reproducer. I Salt Lake City PHONE 9-4692 headed by Moses Thatcher in 1885

Name I Name to explore and to purchase for the

M Address Address Saints lands in Mexico. It will be

LCity State co 5 Town State understood that at that time in the

SOLVING YOUR LAWN & GARDEN PROBLEMS United States "a violent persecu236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion in the courts"flamed against the families of the Saints established under the plural marriage system. Jesse N. Smith doubled the honorONE TASTE TELLS YOU WHY

able record of his worthy brother,

Silas S. Smith, in regard to the

of his daughters, sonsnumber and father the of for he was fortyfour THIS IS UTAH'S FAVORITE!

children, most of whom were No ordinary white bread prominent in Church work. Another can compare with

grandson of Silas Smith seems to this better tasting Potato Bread have remained in the old Lawrence made by a new secret recipe.

County home of the uncles of the It's culturized!

Prophet in New York where he served his community for fifty years as a doctor of medicine. His name

was William Curtis Smith.

The family of John Smith, the youngest of the uncles of the Prophet, now counts at least one thousand members. Included in this family

are three generations of Apostles, one of whom is the President of the Church. The three generations of Apostles in the family of

John Smith begins with George A.

Smith, Apostle and also counselor Another GOOD Bread to Brigham Young; then follows From the New -Quarter -Million -Dollar

George A. Smith's son, John Henry Baking Ovens of

Smith, Apostle and also counselor Utah's HomeOwned, Independent to Joseph F. Smith; and John

Henry's son, George Albert Smith, Fisher Baking Company who after serving as president of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, became the eighth President of the

Church. The first George A. Smith

when only fifteen years old journeyed with his father, John Smith, from their home in Lawrence County, New York, to add his young strength to the infant Church at

Kirtland. Soon he was helping to

build the temple there. A member of the renowned Zion's Camp

and many times a missionary (having preached the first gospel sermon in the world's metropolis, London ) he was called to be ordained an

Apostle at Far West in 1839 under most dramatic circumstances.

Thereafter he became still more active in domestic and foreign missions. He had twenty children.

A pioneer in Salt Lake Valley in 1847 (being the first to plant potatoes there), George A. Smith

pioneered later in Utah, Iron, and

Washington counties of Utah. In 'I'll lay my cards on the table, madam: In MY kitchen

1854 this everbusy man was named I like cops...no interference... and plenty of StarKist Tuna..."

Church Historian, and thereupon began the compilation of the DocuPeople who know tuna use always milder, and therefore tender, mild, StarKist bettertasting. naturally Tunamentary History Smith. Joseph of

it every gives time these because smaller StarKist in to the barAdmitted 1855, he was extra flavor, exany recipe these smallThat'stuna—andwhyonly

immediately elected to the legislatra quality, extra eyeappeal er tuna—are packed under

{Concluded on following page)... The smaller tuna are the StarKist Tuna label!

MARCH 1950 237 PIONEERING FAMILIES OF JOSEPH SMITH'S UNCLES (Concluded from preceding page) tively short span of fiftyeight years. business administration of Harvard

ture where he continued to serve George A. Smith's son, John University, is a son of the present

without a break until his death. Henry Smith, became an Apostle President of the Church.

When Heber C. Kimball passed at age thirtytwo. He proved himThus runs the story of the three

away in 1868, George A. Smith was self a most zealous and beloved faithful uncles of the Prophet, and

called to be first counselor to Presileader and kindly speaker. Among their interesting families, now exdent Young. The extreme activity his living children are George Alceeding three thousand in number.

and energy of the man may be bert Smith, President of the Church; As we look back for a moment to

gauged by the fact that by 1870, Winslow Farr Smith, president of grandfather Asael Smith in Lawwhich was five years before his the Northern States Mission and rence County, New York, and redeath, he had delivered three thoulater president of the Ensign (Salt call what these three sterling sons sand, eight hundred sermons. Of Lake City) Stake, and now a stake of his, together with their brother,

him at his funeral, Brigham Young patriarch. Another son was the Joseph Smith, Senior, have meant to

said, late Nicholas G. Smith, mission the planting and the propagating of

I have known George A. Smith for president in South Africa, Calithe restored gospel tree, we should

fortytwo years... and have befornia, and Northwestern States; give prophetic grandfather Asael

lieved him to be as faithful a boy and bishop of the Seventeenth Ward, Smith, who had joyfully embraced man as ever lived.... I have never acting Patriarch to the Church, and the glad new message in the Book

known of his neglecting or overdoing assistant to the Council of the of Mormon, pointing the way before a duty; he was a man of sterling Twelve. his sons, the signal honor as an

integrity, a cabinet of history, and George Albert Smith, Jr., misAbraham to the Church of thealways true to his friends.

sionary and at present professor of Latterdays. And Mary Duty Smith

All this record of achievement business administration, Harvard shall stand by his side, honored as had been accomplished in the relaUniversity, graduate school of the first Sarah in modern Israel.

Missionaries Who Left for Field January 18

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME bert Newel Morris, Ralph Lynn Allred, Claude M. Eleventh row: Wayne Brierley, Clarence Stensrud,

JANUARY 9, AND DEPARTING JANUARY 18, 1950 Dewsnup, Byron Boyd Muir, John Holdaway, Phyllip Rocco D. Bills, Danford C. Bickmore, Jared Yates

Redd, Walter L. Hoggan. Heywood.

Reading from left to right: Sixth row: Murry Matthews, Lary Paulsen, LaMar Twelfth row: John Bergstedt, F. Dean McMahon,

First row: Juan Joseph Atlred, Jerald Edward Fordham, Kenneth Hansen, Farrell John Roberts, Jr., Byron H. Allred, Robert Froelich, Earl B. Kern,

Burrup, Elizabeth J. Tueller, Margaret Wanda Ray C. Huffaker, Milton Hansen Larson, Allen Lloyd D. George, David Barton, Parley Otis Rose,

Loosle, Sharon Vandeburgh, Don B. Co/ton, Durene Mickelsen, LaVere E. Clawson, Dick J. Hunter, Robert Marvin E. Brown.

Snow, Audrey Pilling, Elsie Isabella Bird, Mersel Hague. Thirteenth row: James Otsen, Willard Ora Winger,

Day, Russell Max Kunzler. Seventh row: Donald E. Hicken, Bruce J. Hymas, Theodore M. Robertson, Ralph H. Kimball, Henry

Second row: John E. Jackson, M. Magrath Merrill, Robert L. Stebbing, J. Robert West, Richard Neil Moyle, Bill B. Webb, Robert D. Stagg, Hoover W.

Ruth Lind, Fern E. Carlow, Beverly Love, Eva Miller, Ord, Robert Earl Lee, Louis R. Jackson, William Clark.

Marva Lou Jenkins, Graver J. Hawkins, Gary C. Parley Rowley, Gordon O. Nalder, George FairFourteenth row. Allen J. Hendrickson, Maynard

Peck, Frederick Loertscher, Duane B. Herbert. banks, Kathleen Nelson. Gunter, Boyd L. Cullimore, Lee L. Thompson, John

Third row: Ronald Thomas, Ray Edgar Paskett, Eighth row: Vern Arthur Carter, Glenn A. Jorgen- A. Udy, Richard A. Asay.

Hill, son, Fowler, Franklin Horner,Iran Robert A. DeVaughn Payne, M. Thayer Roy DeVere James LaMar Fifteenth row: Warner, Nielson, Don Kenneth

S. A. Petersen, Boyce, Decker, Marshall Fiederick Orson C. Allen, Barthel,Ashb Lorenzo Wm. Sperry, Jones, Young, Dick Kent Lott, Ken Elden

Fitzell, Starling. L. A.Sherald BasLewis, Jones, Kenneth LeRoy Dean W. Winford Arno Harrell Larson, Smithson. Rulon Glen N. M. Gillens,

E. L. Tonge, Dick Alantion, row: Glen Nowers, Ninth Laub. Leathra

Sixteenth Dale Lyle row: Hurd, Warner, Glenn Griffiths, Self, K. R. William Darrell Painter, Boren, row: Marchant, Fourth William Richard Dale Don

Tucker, Keith Anderson, Charles Wardrop, Gordon J. Cheat, Karl Grant Anderson, O. Adams.Taggart, Verl Vern John, Edrington, Kay Lynn M.

Greer, Lenberg. Robert E. Evans, Cluff, Ross row: Lois Tenth RulonRees, Henry DeLaine Adams, Walker, Ruth LaVon

Vivian Hussey, Erlene L. Bennion. Green, LeGrande J. Heaton, Brain J. Mottishaw, Seventeenth row: Gail E. Dyreng, Harry L. Tarr,

Fifth row: Stanley Johnson, Ralph Anderson, Jed Pritchett, Ralph E. Jensen, Joseph W. Witt, Jr., Jr., Victor Leo Isfeld, Loren Hills Johnson, Jacques

Gunter Neumann, Don Ricks, Calvin Criddle, HerLeonard D. Burbank. F. Pruhs, Arnold A. Paskett, Forest A. Hansen.

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "THE MOVING FINGER WRITES"

(Concluded from page 195) has been accepted by some of the one hundred miles due east of Hava were pecked into the surface of best scientists. The elephant is but Supai.

rocks. seven and onehalf inches high Another petroglyph of one of the

On one of the walls of Hava and ten inches long, not including elephant family is found about three

Supai Canyon we found a petroits trunk. It is well known that the and onehalf miles down the Cologlyph of a man and a prehistoric La Brea tar pits of Los Angeles rado River below Moab, Utah,

animal. It is well known that elehave produced many excellent pecked onto a sandstone ledge. This

phants, camels, horses, and mastoskeletons of prehistoric elephants. one is called a mastodon; it is

dons were here in comparatively Near this elephant picture is one about fourteen inches high and recent times and that dinosaurs of a dinosaur. This picture is sharp fortytwo inches long. The workroamed this continent evidently at in outline and more definite in form manship is very old and well dethe time our great coal deposits were than that of the elephant. It is a litfined.

being laid down by vegetation, but tle larger, being eleven inches high, Our conclusion is that man and the belief that man lived conand the tail is about nine inches. the prehistoric animals must have

temporaneously with these animals, There are many evidences that lived at the same time, for man or some of them, is not so well dinosaurs and prehistoric animals could not make a picture of an established and accepted. have lived in Utah and Arizona. elephant or a mastodon if he had

The writer photographed some Our coal mines have produced a not seen one, and while the Inof these petroglyphs and will pregreat many footprints, some of dian drawings are crude, they are sent them herewith. One, that of which are in our museums. There usually accurate enough to identify

an elephant or tapirlike animal and are some very fine footprints in the the object which they wished to a man, is very old, quite crude, but sand rock near Tuba City, about portray.

Missionaries Who Left for Field February 1

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Fifth row: Lowell Allred, Denton H. Coleman, Clark Mortenson, Claude L. Duncan, Parley Pratt

JANUARY 23, AND DEPARTING FEBRUARY 1, 1950 Dale 6. Kilburn, Leonard D. Carlson, H. Glen Robison, Carl G. Randell.

Poulson, Ira H. Todd, Joseph Hebdon, Jack Pope, Tenth row: Charles Barrett, John Wilcox, Dean

Reading from left to right, first row: David S. Donna Rogers, Verna Grover, Rex O. Barney. Cutler, Carl Jay Larson, William Ross Stevens,

Smith, Revo A. Rowley, Kenneth Adams, Bernard Sixth row: Bryan Kent Carter, Clifton D. Higgins, Keith S. Warren, J. Gordon Wiser, Reed Clayson.

D. Beckstrom, Marcile Roberts, Don B. Colton, Wayne Peterson, Paul R. Green, Thydies O. Hansen, Eleventh row: Ross Shelton, J. F. Shumway, J. E.

director; La Nez Moses, Betty N. Newey, Elma M. Grant C. Meldrum, Harold E. Cardwell, Lois Larsen, Torman, Richard Hedman, Keith Tenney, Ronald K.

Walker, Pearl Koyle, Susan B. Walsh. Clinton John Hunt, Wesley Dale Conneli, Eric W. Gygi, H. Hal Visick, Gerald G. Steorts.

Second row: Leah Anderson, Ronald Butler, Lindbloom, Gerald L. Wight, David L. Ballantyne. Twelfth row: Ivan A. Carling, Jack Watterson,

Jr., J. Flygare, R. Kile Kenneth Davis, Elmer D. Bowen, Bigelow, Boyd Byington, GrantDouglas R. row: Chester Joseph Johnson, Seventh KunzLusk, Marcus LitchHerald Grover, Grant Heaton, Holmgren, M. Josephine Cozzens, Alda M.Douglas J. L. Nilsson, Sabin, Ivan R. ler, C. CarElmer

Uriel H. Pusey, R. Day. Melvin Swenson, Zaugg, Eugenefield, Frederick Dahl, Matthews Zelma S. Tanner, bine, Sumbot, William Jean Robert

Darrell Bickmore. Garner,Kenneth Webb Wayne S. row: Parkinson, Thirteenth William Griffith, Shirley Snader, Hilda WilTouchstone, Raymond V.

: Sterling B. Fackrell, Doris Lewis, Third row: Jr., B. Sperry, Jed Ralph McFerson, D. Shelton, Arthur A. liam Dee G. Horlacher, Maynard Ware,

J. R. R. Ivan Wignall, Huntsman, HermanMark Reynolds, Mouritzen, Elmer LaGrand Bruce David Gerber.

I. Leavitt, Jones, G.Rogers, Seth N. M. M. Owens, Noorlander. Richard Morgan, Eighth Reidhead, Robert Read, row: Karma Birch, Leid, At- A. H.G. Vincent Stephen Dennis

Lloyd, Clark, J. J. Dellis H. Garth row: Vern Fourteenth Telford, W. Casper, Casper, Robert W. W.kin, Clarice Kendall.

Griffin, F. Pond, Halvey Thomas, James Gene Cherril Martin Eager, Shepherd, Cooper, D. John Rex Don Errol Perrenoud, JohnPrice Fourth row: Daryl

Jensen. L. Harley Edwards, Marble. McEntire, Vern W. L. Ira Astle, G. Poulson, D.son, Jackman Sam

Holley, Rex L. Smith, Betty H. Wood, Don TreNinth row: Flora Christiansen, David Barclay, Fifteenth Row: Jay W. Merrill, Glen Hardy

gaskis, Leon Storrs, Ruth Quintan, Hazel Fawns, Gordon Anderson, Richard Capps, Arthur K. Bullock, White, George Vain Snyder, Sterling Lee Purser,

Rachel Marshall, Morris W. Heiner. Pearl E. N. Bullock, Grant Belnap, Calvin L. Hatch, Ross Seth Bryce.

MARCH 1950 239 &WL

"Speak the Speech"L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S ADDRESS OF HOME

is |"ine that like fifty usages, has something a word and

Calif. Cor. 24th 1104 24th St., 6 "C,"San Diego, *-* all this latitude, yet with in at least is abused the word

two ways. Sometimes we say that a person has a good

to talk line, meaning easily deceptively; but an ability the |N page 97 of the February Era, we classifies dictionary slang. as In another sense this usage

a photograph of Joseph O'printed for line is used or field. profession the word Sometimes we

presias a former Kingsbury Corrodon incorrectly, say, yes, "Oh, in public speaking; he is good

that is his line."The dictionary does not authorize the use dent of the University of Utah instead

his son, Joseph Thomas Kingsbury. of line in this sense. M. C. J. of

T. president of Kingsbury, Joseph

$ the university, was born at East Weber,

New York, N. Y. Weber County, Utah, November 4,

at his education higher 1853, began I the opportunity, like to VIThile I have thank would The

Cornell of UniUniversity Deseret and the Improvement for and Era sending Myton "Ward

B., his M., Ph. A. versity, obtained and I the magazine, otherwise might never me discovered have

degrees D. Ph. from Wesleyan and fine the a magazine produces, how Church not would and

Illinois. In Bloomington, University,

I have really the miss known much how Church, and my in instructor chemistry 1878 he became friends in service. the while I am

later of at the University and Utah was

Sincerely, called to the chair of chemistry and

In 1897 he Duane became president. B. Hatch DR.KINGSBURYJOSEPH T. physics. is perpetuated on the U.S.S. Shenandoah name Today his

campus by Kingsbury Hall, which is

Warner Robins, Ga. Joseph C. Kingsbury,thewasauditoriuman early ofstalwartthe university.of the Church

am a convert to the Church. I'm so thrilled over the in Kirtland and Nauvoo and was a pioneer of 1847. He was

I teachings of this Church I want to learn all I can about once bishop of the Salt Lake City Second Ward and was it. Thank you for the wonderful Improvement Era. later a patriarch

Sincerely yours, $ H. W. Bearden

I THE LIGHT TOUCH DefiniteI T love the Era very much and really use itBluefield,to a greatW.advanVa.

whether his neighbor asked he would by boy young was A tage, it so and in lending I feel very good to our investi- * Bill,"father, ball like the to game. and ask your go to "Go gators it. getting and even to subscribe them for

I Elder E. L. Jackman said"Nope,"the neighbor.said Bill. "I'll have to ask Mom. Dad says she

wears the 'cants'in our family."

Blackfoot, Idaho A Difference jHeease send for me The Improvement another Era year. was once asked the difference between a mirror man A

* This has magazine to been a great help during a me woman. the and

many years of my life that I have taken it, also the Young "A woman speaks 'without reflecting, and a mirror reflects

Women's Journal which preceded it in the Mutual Association. without speaking,"he replied.

I am now almost eightythree years old, and still I feel I A lady interrupted him by asking, "And does the gentleman can't get along without this very valuable magazine. I thank know what the difference is between himself and the same

you for all your Selp. mirror?"

? I am your friend, He could not answer.

$ Martha C. Porter "Well, the mirror is 'polished'and the gentleman is not."

SOUTH CAROLINA STAKE

SOFTBALL CHAMPIONS

With the close of the basketball season in the M. I. A. thoughts are again turning

to Softball as an outdoor activity of the priesthood quorums. Here are pictured the

winners of the South Carolina Stake receiving their trophy as champions of one of the youngest and largest area stakes in the

Church. From left to right: John B. Braddock,

Kenneth Winburn, James D. Petty, stake athletic officer presenting the trophy, Charles J.

Huggins, Oldern Keith, John T. Braddock,

Henry Keith, Leland O'Neal, Gene T. Petty,

George W. Petty. Alford E. Petty, Glenn

Segars, Helmuth Norton, and Raymond Threatt were absent when the picture was taken.

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 50.000 Miles -No Wear!

Proved by Punishing Road Test! For 70

days, six brandnew cars roared along the Mexican border... putting new Conoco Super Motor Oil to

one of the crudest tests ever devised. After 50,000 miles

of continuous driving, engines showed no wear of any consequence... in fact, an average of less than one

onethousandth ofan inch on cylinders and crankshafts.

NewCar Mileage! Gasoline mileage for the

last 5,000 miles of the run was as good as for thefirst 5,000... actually there was an average difference for

the fleet of only 4/100 of a mile per gallon. Proving

that Conoco Super Motor Oil—with proper crankcase drains and regular care—can keep your new

car new.

NewCar Power! Quicker Starts! Yes—

Conoco Super Motor Oil's extra protection keeps that factory flash... that showroom smoothness... year

after year! Conoco Super Motor Oil OILPLATES

metal surfaces to make your engine last longer, perform better, use less gasoline and oil! Conoco Super

Motor Oil virtually stops wear before it starts... keeps

your engine new and clean.

MOTOR Super OILH0.CONOCO ) 1950, CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

wmv

e, too.*.

ainst stout tree has echoed

lumber storehouse. Today,

for future generations, seedlings. Heads of

<#- 'replen: g

ce pr

i. -

"'M