The Improvement Era April 1961

Attend BYU SUMMER SCHOOL

MORE SPECIAL FEATURES

FOR YOU AT BYU

Workshops

Art and Printmaking Practices of the Athletic Trainer Gain a Full Summer of Study Business Education

Business Management Child Development With All the Vacation Extras

Counseling Utah Economic Workshop Note These DatesLeadership Week, June 12 through 16;

Workshop for English Teachers First term begins June 19; Second term begins July 25.

Education of Mentally Retarded

Health Education Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will

Language Arts for Elementary School visit to augment able and adequate resident faculty.

Library Workshop Visiting artists also conduct classes.

Precision Dance, Drill, Marching Devotionals and Lectures—Church General Authorities,

High School Publication religious scholars, and experts in many fields speak in

Reading for Elementary School outstanding BYU assembly programs.

Rehabilitarion Workshop for Nurses

Radio and Television Culture—Thrilling summerlong series of concerts by the

finest artists in music, drama, dance.

Clinics Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics

Athletic Clinic for Boys and the scenic Wasatch Mountains near at hand for brief

Cosmetology trips. The Timpanogos Hike in July is the experience of

Genealogical Clinic a lifetime.

Music Clinic Youth Clinic for Boys and Girls

CLIP AND MAIL Courses and Conferences TO:

Association of Utah School Counselors Director of Summer School

French Language Institute Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Conference on Middle and Later Years Please send me the following:

Reading Better and Faster Summer Session Catalog Housing information

Science for Secondary Students Application for admission (new students only)

O Application for readmission (former students previous to 1959)

OtherBrigham Young Name.

AddressUNIVERSITY (Please Print) y:UMiZ;M$ Purity has gone

/::::;.-::,::.:;,.;.;;.,::::.;:::::: '-

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Radar and Sonar A comparison by George Rand inthe Spemj Engineering Review of SUPREME bats and dolphins, with human sonar and radar, leads to some interesting results. Though modern sonar and

radar equipments attain much greater detection ranges than the echoranging systems of bats or dolphins, on a weight and power basis the animals are greatly more effective and sensitive than their electronic counterparts. A brown

bat was found to catch l/7th of its weight of insects an hour, or it can catch 175 mosUV-V quitoes in 15 min- S-V:'-K-.!.';--..-S.vit.,-.--.:-y-

utes.

Smog Relief

California has passed an antismog law which requires control devices on all new cars throughout the state. Now offered in a bright new package with the red

It is hoped that there will be a virtual Supreme diamond, your favorite Purity Supreme Saltines end to smog in the Los Angeles basin within five years. The devices are are, as always, supremely thin, crisp and fresh.

estimated to be capable of reducing All Purity cookies and crackers have adopted the the emission of hydrocarbons and name "Supreme"... which, of course, describes themoxides of nitrogen from automobiles

by 90 percent and carbon monoxide to perfection because they are "supreme"... in flavor/

by 70 percent. Eye irritation should freshness and quality.

also be reduced by prohibiting the sale of motor fuel gasoline with a Every time you shop for cookies and crackers, bromine number of more than 30. V/atch for the Supreme diamond... the diamond denotes the difference—Supreme quality!

Three Dollar-a-pound Sugar The earliest price for sugar reis in Britain Greatcorded for the SUPREME BAKERS theyear A.D. 1319 Chamberwhen

lain of Scotland gave the price as Purity Biscuit Co., Salt Lake City SUPREMEone shilling and nine pence, or more Bowman Biscuit Co., Denver

than an ounce of silver a pound.

This might be roughly equivalent to about three dollars a pound at presentday prices.

APRIL 1961 201 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdau Saints.

Contents for April 1961 Volume 64, Number 4

Church Features

Editor's Page: The Most Important Meeting of the Church,

President David O. McKay 214

Your Question: Where is the Garden of Eden?

President Joseph Fielding Smith 216

The Church Moves On, 204; Melchizedek Priesthood—Priesthood, Its Offices, Appendages,

and Keys, 266; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 268.

Special Features

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS When David McKay Went on a Mission, Preston Nibley.... 218 Photographs

The First Welsh Emigration to Utah (1849), T. H. Lewis 222 Ernst Wittke, 210, 244

Lillian, 214There's no Place like Home to Train Prospective Missionaries, WalterUnited Press, 232, Charles R. Hohbs 230 Max Tharpe, 238, 239233

President McKay Dedicates the Chapel in England 232 Art

Store Foods for Good Nutrition, Elna Miller 234 Jon Anderson, 201, 234, 236, 280

Preparation or Panic, Lloyd R. Hicken 236 VirginiaDoug Johnson,Sargent,238,226,239247

Alone in the Moonlight, Marion D. Hanks 238 DaveMarilynBurton,Bryner,270242, 243

A Half Century of Service, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 240

THE ERA OF YOUTH Between pages 240 and 241

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 248, 249, 252, 256

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 201; Letters and Reports, 208; These Times:

The Ecumenical Movement, G. Homer Durham, 210; Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk,

241; Promised Valley—MIA Summer Activity, 264.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Once We Were Two... Now We Are Half a Dozen 270

The Last Word 280

Stories, Poetry

Birthday Afternoon, Barney Jones. 226

Hidden Treasures, Douglas Brian 242

Professor Billy, Mary E. Lockhart.. 244

This Old House, Florence Doyle Putt 246

Poetry 255, 276, 278

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah THE COVER:

Invitation to spring might well be the title of this delightful picture

Editor; Editor; Associate Editors; C. Josephson, Managing L. L. Evans, Green, Richard and Albert Managing Doyle O. MarbaDavid are children of enough young who

Editorial Patricia McKayEditor; Florence Grant, Judith Pinnock, G. Kinnear, Stephan, Middleton, Cabteb TodaysL. Zobell,Research John relish FamilyJr., to of the adventure bare

Associate Editor; Editor; Art Directors. Youth Era Elaine Era Cannon, The E.TheEditor; RalphAssociates; Hanks, Youth and D. Reynolds Ed of Maryon,B. Marion feet in carefree wandering and

Harris, S, Editors. G. Sperry, Nibley, Contributing B. Sidney Durham,ofArchibald Jr., Franklin Homer Hugh F Bennett, sunshine. with drenched

Director; General Snarr, Manager; Associate Manager; Subscription Scott, T. A. S. Reedeb, General Bentley, Manager; Business Bertha VerlJoseph Glen F is Clix from photograph fieldsThe Camera Representative. Advertising Regional Evans,Thayer

for adapted cover was use and Copyright Funds, 1961 by Mutual pricereserved. Subscription $3.00 aInc.,year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual Improvement$3,50 a year,Associationsin advance;of the50c Churchsingle copy,of JesusexceptChristfor ofspecialLatterdayissues.Saints. All rights by Ralph Reynolds.

Enteredof Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, JulySalt 2,Lake1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of lc

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return,

Thirty notice days* cannotchanges be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEWEST IN LDS BOOKS They NOW Have Spoken HiFidelityon 33V'3 LongPlayRecords

Compiled by Monitor C. Noyce

Selections of Inspiration Taken from the Pages of the Church News A "little"book with a powerful punch, with deepest thoughts of paragraph length or more by the

General Authorities on home life, duty, love, brotherhood, peace, character, missionary work, hosts of other topics—completely indexed for immediate use in talks or

discussions by missionaries, teachers, executives, for speech competitions, two - and - one - half - minute speeches, and many other purposes.

1.50

IN LIVING SOUND

Two thrilling voices present with ringThe Restoration of the wording sincerityfor word,theof entireThe Booksacredof Mortext,

Divine Church onmon.33V3ThisLP. livinghifidelitysoundrecordspresentationis ideal

James L. Barker for private listening enjoyment, for

A magnificent "grand finale"to Family Night, and for class or group the late Elder Barker's scholarly study. It's priced as low as possible

book "Apostasy from the Divine to make it available to all who want

Church."Professor proBarker the of joy this hearing every word of

in gresses logical a development text. inspired

the for from the need restoration in records 50 itself. to the restoration lifelong A

2-volume magnificent search far was near, made and album 95 in libraries at to (caseenclosed) and home abroad plus of booklet all authenticate facts subon the ject. This fine volume should find Arnold Friberg's stirring of Mormon"ONLY49 a prominent place in the hearts "Book $5 down, $5 month paintings minds of and every Latterday

Saint. 1.75

I miliuminI Co.I Dwerct&iBooh.,.,. 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah.,. c.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have an account.

Please charge. Amount enclosed $ for ( ) They Have Spoken

) "The Book of Mormon in Living Sound"( ) The ($49.95Restorationper setof plusthe Divine$1.60 Churchpostage,.

Name Address

Cify Zone State..

Residents Visit our Ogdenof Utahstore includeat 24722V2%Washingtonsales tax.Blvd

l/l/orshiplui

The Church

Moves On

January 1961 that adds to The First Presidency announced in a letter addressed to stake presidents and ward bishops that Fast Sunday evening the IlKeverence yearly servicesprogramswereunderto bethediscontinueddirection ofwiththe thePrimaryexceptionAssociation.of two

of your Theyfor familyadvisedhomethatevenings.the Saints use this Sunday evening once a month

religious service Salem (Oregon) Stake organized from parts of Portland and Willamette stakes and the Northwestern States Mission.

Elder Hugh F. Webb, serving as second counselor in Willamette Stake, was sustained as president of Salem Stake. His

counselors are Elders Ray W. Hardman and N. Stanley Fagg. The

new stake has approximately 3,200 members. Elder Robert W.

Hill was sustained as second counselor to President Ralph B. Lake

of Willamette Stake, succeeding President Webb. Salem, the 321st

stake now functioning, was organized under the direction of Elder

Hugh B. Brown of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Gordon B.

Hinckley, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

After meeting today with more than seventy Church leaders from northern California in San Francisco, President David O.

Playing dimensions and console arrangements McKay announced plans for the construction of the Oakland conform rigidly to the specifications of the Temple. The leadership from the stakes and mission there immeAmerican Guild of Organists. diately pledged $500,000 toward the cost of the multimillion dollar

this for land edifice. structure will purchased be built on The offers Wurlitzer Organ A obtained, in additional 1942. has Since land been then Julyrich, reverent worshipful and purpose Churchtone—a built Interstake dedihas East and the Center been Bay and LDS to contributionmoving the Church

Service. cated on ground that is adjacent to the temple site. The Church

It places at the command of any owns a site in Far West, Missouri, and acreage in a tract of land at Independence, Missouri. Both Independence and Far West wereorganist an infinite range of traditional organ voices. Transmitted by designated as temple sites by the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Wurlitzer's High Fidelity Sound System, the result is glorious organ The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder music... truly Music's Richest Voice. M. Ross Richards as president of the Gulf States Mission

succeeding President Lincoln F. Hanks. At the time of this

call, President Richards is serving as a member of the Salt Lake

WurliTzer Organs EastStakeCentralhigh council.States Mission.He was releasedHe is a formera year agomemberas presidentof the Bountiof the

FREE fulcouncil.(Utah)PresidentStake presidencyRichards willandhaveof thehis SouthheadquartersDavis Stakein Shrevehigh

Church Organ port, Louisiana. His wife, Marie Curtis Richards, a member of

Fund Raising Kit the general board of the Relief Society, will accompany him on the mission. Louisiana and Mississippi, areas now embraced by this

histories mission, concerning long have Church activities. From

Wurlitzer The Company La., Orleans, for port of entry 1841 to 1855 was the principal New IE-4-61, DeKalb, 111. Dept.

Please send me information about the Latterday Saints who emigrated from Europe to the gathering

Fund Raising Kit and Wurlitzer Organs. places of the Saints in America. A company of Mississippi Saints

1 NAME enteredBrigham SaltYoung.Lake Valley, July 29, 1847, five days after President

I j ADDRESS [city ZONE.. STATE.

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, -v,s?

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

hospitable. healthful,

K INSTANT 'Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. l>0STUMCl,ti liVl"''

Make sure you always have Postum on hand. \ HCAFmNy..l

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

APRIL 1961 205 February 1961

This is the month of the annual Primary penny drive in support of the Primary Children's Hospital.

The First Presidency approved a model of the proposed new Eagle Gate to be erected on the corner of South Temple and

State streets. This is the fourth remodeling of the gate since it was

erected in 1859. Compared to the original's span of twentytwo

feet the new gate will reach out seventyfive feet over the new sixquality lane highway.

copper printing St. George East Stake was organized from portions of St.

plates George (Utah) Stake with President Rudger C. Atkin of

color process the St. George Stake sustained as president of St. George

East Stake. Elder L. Leon Jennings, who served President Atkin

or black as second counselor, sustained as first counselor, and Elder Walter & white H. Snow sustained as second counselor. Wards in the new stake

are St. George Fourth, St. George Fifth, St. George Sixth, Dixie

College, Washington, Leeds (all Utah), and Mt. Trumbull (Arizona). The stake membership is approximately 3,200. Elder

Andrew O. McArthur was sustained as president of St. George

Stake, with Elders Grant C. Whitehead and Kenneth C. Weaver

sustained as counselors. Elder Theodore M. Peterson was released

as first counselor. St. George Stake now has approximately 2,800

members. Wards are St. George First, St. George Second, St.

George Third, Santa Clara, Ivins, Gunlock, and Veyo; and the

Shivwitt (Indian) Branch. The stake organizations were effected

by Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve and by

President Antoine R. Ivins of the First Council of the Seventy.

There are two theories of how St. George was named: in honor

of President to George A. Smith, a Counselor President Brigham I RICHMOND 92396CALL COLLECT R@SE ENGRAVING I\S&',WL—COMPANY Young, and grandfather of President Albert or for George Smith;

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 15, Calif. P. St. George Cooke, beloved gentile leader of the Mormon Battalion. St. George East Stake is the 322nd stake now functioning.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of President HAWAII Bruce R. McConkie of the First Council of the Seventy as

Deluxe Tour president of the South Australian Mission, succeeding PresiPersonally Conducted dent John O. Simonsen. As a young man President McConkie filled

22 DAYS a mission in the Eastern States. He was called as a member of the

Leave May 22, 1961 First Council of the Seventy at the October 1946 general conference by Luxury Liner and since that time has traveled throughout the Church on speaking 1ST CLASS tours and other assignments. He is the LDS Servicemen's CoLeisurely Tour of ordinator with general supervision of LDS chaplains, servicemen

4 Islands group leaders, and military branch presidents. For the past several

Off the Beaten Track years he has been under assignment of the general priesthood committee to prepare the material for the Melchizedek Priesthood page $788.00 of the Era. He will be accompanied to his field of labor by Mrs.

From Los Angeles McConkie and six of their children. A son is now serving a mission

in the North British Mission; a daughter is married. There are, at

present, three stakes and two missions functioning on the continent

Budget Tour by Air of Australia. 9 Days—2 Islands

May 1928, 1961 The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder $345.00 from Los Angeles Finn B. Paulsen as president of the South Brazilian Mission,

Send for itinerary and complete succeeding President Asael T. Sorensen. At the time of this

information appointment, President Paulsen is president of Wilford ( Salt Lake

County) Stake. He is a former bishop of the Kenwood Second

BEEHIVE TRAVEL servedWard. asHepresidentserved asof aelders'counselorand seventies'in the bishopricquorumstherein SaltandLakehas

Street or Vista Cir. 1753 573 Monte G City. Brazil, in a mission 194143. this He filled With him to

City, Salt Lake Utah will his is assignment their five wife children. go and Brazil one

Phones of the countries the gospel heard which late. message comparatively 5-9973, 4-2650, 7-5512, HU CR EM

AX 5-3982, IN 6-2197, CR 7-6992 In fact, a statistical report dated December 31, 1930, indicates that or there were only 135 members of the Church ( including 27 children in all of South America.

Inglewood Travel Service 129 No. Market St., Inglewood Calif.

OR 8-2913—OR 3-3443

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GOING TO Modern lowmoisture CONFERENCE? SpaceSaving storage BE SURE TO VISIT PERMAPAK Foods

Food Storage Specialists

Tomorrow may be too late... Organize your

food for SURVIVAL... and your food reserve

! STORAGE PLAN... today! STOP

Yes, look ahead. Emergencies are unexpected.

Plan ahead with PERMAPAK'S payas-yougo! FOOD STORAGE PLAN. LOOK

Start your Storage Plan today... the PERMAPAK

WAY... with a complete "Stock and Store"

program worked out for you.... Write to GO!! PERMAPAK, 3106 South Main, Salt Lake City 15,

Utah. Phone IN 7-9479.

Nutritious and economical food for Storage, Survival, and Daily use.

Prices are GOING UP on II Less than $10

For a year's supply of food for one person. SURVIVAL KITS.. START YOUR FOOD STORAGE PLAN TODAY...

Now is the time to send for PERMAPAK'S popular the PERMAPAK way!

family SURVIVAL FOOD KITS. $7.40 TO $7.95 PER MONTH, f.o.fa. Salt Lake City

1 1 -month a year's buys program food supply PRESENT ORDER FROM INVENTORIES NOW... An

'61 for person. 13 one Era) January (See page APRIL 25TH. OR BEFORE

Kit contains 54 nutritious balanced meals.... A

for a family of supply 72 hour 6... and exceeds THIS Civil the suggested Defense requirements for a

72 hour survival food supply. MONTH'S

feature- $995 no. 4-39 lbs.

Plus Postage too heavy for parcel post (17 lbs.... can

be mailed....

Check P. O. rates 1-25 lb. flour (white or whole wheat)

and send correct incana ofreusablebeans (Pintosealtightor Navy).can. 1-gal.1000amount.) 50 mg Ascorbic Acid tablets. 6 plastic $775

lids for No. 10 cans. f.o.b. Salt lake City

All prices F.O.B. Salt Lake. Subject to change without notice.

Church, Civic, and State Leaders urge greater personal preparedness in these SEND FOR COMPLETE INFORMATION TODAY troubled times. Planning ahead can take

the tragedy out of the unexpected. The Use this handy coupon or write your name and address on a card and

PERMAPAK FOOD STORAGE PLAN does mail to;

1for you what your own reason says you PERMAPAK, 3106 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah must do... take action today and know

you have a plan for tomorrow.

Name PERMAPAK 3106 South Main Salt Lake City 15, Utah i City.... Zone........ State

IN 7-9479

APRIL 1961 207 BOOK OF MORMON TOUR DAVE WELLING TRAVEL presents 3 -THREE -3 Letters Wonderful Book of Mormon Tours

TO MEXICO, YUCATAN AND GUATEMALA and 14 Days—All Expense

See what the Bookof Mormon people Reports built...

JUNE 4th to JUNE 18th LDS CHAPLAIN COMMENTS personally escorted H. Leland Dr.by APO, New York

is anMonson, who I, Dear Editors:

authority on the We are certainly happy to renew our

Book of Mormon. ill subscription to the Era. We are sorry that,

missed of moving, have our we Dr. Leland H. Monson because

this of copies three wonderful two or

Nov. 5th to magazine. We always read them through

Nov. 19th, 1961 several times.

Feb. 6th to Being an LDS chaplain in the Air

contact close our with very I am in Feb. 20th, 1962 Force,

a they In foreign servicemen. country

Personally escorted have many added temptations and someby David M. Welling times the only thing they have to help

them stay close enough to our Father in heaven and keep the commandments is

Make Your the Era. I don't suppose that you or

David M. Welling Arrangements Now! anyone else will ever know of the amount

MISSIONARIES IN FORMOSA ofciallygoodenjoythis themagazinenew youthis doing.section.We Ifespewe

let to of us please help ever you can be the throughout of the missions In WELLING many will all that bishops our know. hope We SERVICE DAVE TRAVEL of of missionaries Jesus the world, Church

for the their realize the have boys need UTAH OGDEN, LOMOND, BEN HOTEL to resort cycling Saints of Latterday Christ it all of into of the 4-2667 hands get Era EXport and to assigned areas to the in order cover them. elders, are "tracting."for two Here them for your certainly you commend We in selfpropelled their machines on out

efforts. conour heaven Father in May Richard Jack Elder Formosa. Taichung,

to bless tinue you. California, (left), Bell Gardens, Powell Solve Your

and Elder Sterling W. Hanks (right), of Sincerely,

Tooele, Utah, are two of some sixty elders ( Formosa ) LDS Chaplain USAFGIFT PROBLEMS called to labor on the island of Taiwan James R. Palmer

with a present that is appreciated allyear round! A $700 GIFT

Soesterberg, Holland The Improvement DearMy Editor,letter to you is twofold, one, to thank you and your staff for what I would call perfection in the publishing of a magazine. This credit goes to every department even to the type of paper used. ERA Second, I want to thank you for the

Ideal Gift For $700.00 gift for Christmas.

Weddings masYes,...sevenI seehundredit this dollarsway. forFor Christmyself

Birthdays of to travel from here in Holland to conferFriends ence in Salt Lake City would cost over all exinto consideration taking Relatives $700.00

lodging, penses, meals, etc.... However, people young 'Teenage

Church Members New YOUTH VISIT CANADA onDecemberthe thirdissueof ofJanuaryThe ImprovementI received Era.my

I I conference. to say have been can Now Investigators of Latterday group young 150 a Among I the meswonderful only have Not do Servicemen School the Saints South Cache High from the given that General sages were by

in participate the to club and pep band Missionaries I pictures of the the Authorities have but last (Alberta, Stampede, Calgary Canada) as very well. much. speakers you Thank pictured above. these people were young gift free sent cards Lovely for blessings choicest Lord's you The as dinner graciously received All were of staff their for hours hard your and many Director or Era your See Ward Stake of in guests Calgary the homes is exto that duty, devotion and work for order check or send money the with followed meal up members who magazine. in of pressed every your page

city. the are Pictured of tour the above a issues big 12 $3.00—

(left officers to right): Gerald Sincerely, to band

Olsen, Dallas Carolyn Schenk, Maughan,

The Improvement Era Sherrie Nielsen, Faye Wilson, and Morene Roland E. Chisholm

Binageli. MSgt. USAF

50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 NEW WAY J TO GET LD.S BOOKS '... say 5,327 ATTENDANCE::'...'- RECORD active members

The only thing 'I Save up to 20%.

thatLeestoppedProvstgaardLaura With every four

Wood ( pictured left) from bebooks you buy, you ginning ninth her perreceive a fifth book year of 100 cent attendance at free... one you will meetall Church

ingsbabywas daughter,that her select from a long

Laurie Kae, was born on a Mutual list of choice bonus night.

Laura Lee, now books. Thus you get

a member of the Millcreek Fourth Ward, Winder (Utah) five for the price of

Stake, recently completed eight years of four.perfect attendance School, at MIA, Sunday

and Sacrament meeting in her home ward,

Payson Second Ward, Nebo (Utah) Stake.

She earned her Honor Bee, Mia Joy, and

Silver Gleaner awards in Payson and is now serving with her husband, Paul F.

Wood, as young marrieds class leader in her new Salt Lake City ward. HOW TO JOIN THE LDS BOOKS CLUB

YOUTH SECTION Send your check or money order for Each month, you will receive reviews

Pocatello, Idaho either Volume One or Volume Two of several fine books. To get the topDear Editors:

the love to Era forward and look We Sill Sterling of "LEADERSHIP"by book, nothing you do—it will be W.

its coming each month. would do We

(or like). If both, if you'd selecsent postpaid with Your a statement.without in other any magazine our home

itbefore give up. would we tion will be sent postpaid. "LEADERyou do not want the book, return

is section youth wonderful. The I think

it must encourage many to pick it up and SHIP"is a must for every Church the postcard always provided for an itlook thru that they now feel that the officer and teacher. It is a masteralternate (or none at all). Buy as

just notEra is adult an publication.

There cannot be enough praise for the piece. It has already stimulated few as one book every three months

beautiful art work and -covers. great achievement in Church, busito keep your membership active.

May God bless you all. ness, civic, social, and educational With every four books you buy, you

Richard & Doris Brown circles. It fills a great need in the receive the fifth book free. and family

Church.

CORRECTION In the Presiding Bishopric's section of the March 1961 isFILL OUT AND MAIL COUPON 4-61 sue, an item was LDS Books Club, Inc.

carried reporting the 1188 South Main St., Box 400,

outstanding achieveSalt Lake City 10, Utah ment of Harry W. Please enroll me as a member of the LDS

Jones in the Aaronic Books Club, Inc., and send me the books

indicated. program. \p5j Priesthood

T. Jones Lynn fffrjgg is Name actually the young

man whose photo appears and who won Address the awards, though we're sure Lynn's father, Harry W. Jones, could justly share City State

in the credit line.

The Editors Checkenclosedor for:money order for $

{Continued on page 250) LEADERSHIP, Vol. I - $3.50

LEADERSHIP, Vol. II - $3.50

(Utah residents add 2V2% sales tax.)

APKIL 1961 209 Something has happened to '/A THESE TIMES

TRAVEL

Ever hear of 2 weeks on 3 islands, deluxe hotels, sightseeing, cruises, entertainment, free U-drive auto,.

PLUS round trip air travel... all for only

$469.50 from Salt Lake

- $399.50 from California

It's true! And it happens

every month at Robbins Travel. So—get on the

kini popo (ball) and make your reservations for nui lea lea (much fun). You,

deserve a break. Why not /

take it - NOW! Jr\

The Ecumenical Next departure April 7 mMM Movement

ROBBINS DR. G. BY HOMER DURHAM T R. A "V E L PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

k/limtwfiQ(

14 South Main Salt Lake City Phone EL 5-4651 Nearly 40 years ago, in 1923, Presiolic and the English churches had dent David O. McKay wrote in the met in 400 years.

Millennial Star-. In 1923 President McKay wrote

A TOTAL ELECTRIC Christendom"There is permeatingtoday a keenProtestantrealizathatsolvedtheuntilproblemsthe causecouldthat producednot "be tion of the necessity of uniting all so many conflicting sects shall have creeds into one great Christian been recognized and removed."He

his that listed as the fact reason is Christ the only GOLD church.distinctionsThenowpettyexistingdifferencesamong andthe "Jesus one who

various creeds professing the name has the authority and right to establish his church The among men."MEDALLION toof Christthe fulfillmentare recognizedof the ashopebarriersthat article in Star prothe Millennial

Christianity is becoming the worldceeded to state that until ministers

HOME wideThereligion."ecumenical movement has reselvesare "absolutelyand mankind,honestandwithwillthemac-

ceived much attention in this knowledge the fact that they have century. In December 1960, the not been divinely authorized to offiReverend Eugene Carson Blake deciate in the name of Jesus Christ nor

livered a sermon in San Francisco to administer any ordinances of his on the theme. It occasioned nationchurch—once they accept the dictates

wide discussion. Dr. Blake proposed of reason, and the teachings of the

a merger of four prominent organizascriptures, both of which give the tions in the United States. In 1923 conviction that man must be called

President McKay wrote, "The diffiof God to officiate in the ordinances culties encountered in trying to of the Gospel—then, and not until

accomplish the desired unity seem then will the great difficulty be over-

A wonderful new insurmountable."come of establishing one great united

Pope John XXIII has also focused Christian church upon the earth."

way to live worldwide attention on this problem The Star article suggested nine in calling an ecumenical conference. "essential"points for a united orLate in 1960 the Archbishop of ganization:

Canterbury, Geoffrey Fisher, called 1. Such a church would be called

upon Pope John. This was the first "The Church of Jesus Christ."

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. time the heads of the Roman Cath- (Continued on page 265)

Buy now from your dealer

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, new you should read

just off the press! just off the press! just off the press!

1. What Shall We 2. Know Your 3. Mighty MissionDo With Love? Religion ary of the Pacific

By Ernest Eberhard, Jr. By Glenn L. Pearson By David W. Cummings

Parents everywhere will welIn answer to hundreds of reWritten by a professional come this book as a genuine quests for specific and downjournalist who recently won guide in helping their children toearth information, here is an award for "giving the Paavoid the pitfalls of unhappy a book written especially for cific the place in the sun it marriage. Young people will all members of the Church to deserves,"this vivid, rhythmic,

value it as an eyeopener to help them understand the first easyflowing story is intensely the problems of dating, courtprinciples of the gospel. While interesting. Illustrations and

ing, and marriage. What is the scriptures indicate there typography show rare artistry.

mature love? Why do teenis great value in knowledge, "Mighty Missionary of the

agers marry so young? How proper behavior, and religious Pacific"is the story of.the

damaging is petting? is there forms, they make it clear that Church building program, life

such a thing as marriage inone has not begun his ascent in Polynesia as lived by the to salvation and exaltation missionaries and their famuntil he has climbed the ladder ilies, and the warm, humorous, inspiring experiences encounMIGHTY jyySSJONARY

I p;, |

surance? These and many of the first principles. "Know tered in the development of

other important questions anYour Religion"helps you this spiritual phenomenon.

swered by a veteran educator achieve this spiritual advanceWill stir the pride of every and youth counselor. ment. Latterday Saint.

$3.00 $3.00 $4.50

I BOOKCRAFT 4-61 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose

$ in check ( ) or money order ( ).

1 2 3

APBIL 1961 211 The spacious, new headquarters housing executive offices and recording studios of the Columbia

Research Group, located at 3600

Market Street in the Granger area of Greater Salt Lake City.

-*-*:..a-::'-;;

Columbia Research Group invites you to join...

LDS RECORD CLUB

Here is a new dimension in the presentation of the You order only what you want, when you want written heritage sacred to all LDS families. The it! (No minimum orders required to maintain

LDS RECORD CLUB will present not only the standard membership.)

works of the Church and dramatized stories, but Premium coupons given with every purchase tothe best of inspirational literature and truly good ward future releases. (Plan your buying from

entertainment... works available on record noour advance lists... to members only.)

where else.

Listeners of all ages will find new meaning and inspiration through these Hifidelity recordings. As

teaching aids, missionary tools, or simply for your RECORDS AVAILABLE SOON!

uplifting entertainment, the offerings of the LDS

RECORD CLUB will be permanent treasures. *"The Joseph Smith Story"

"The Brigham Young Story"

"Pearl of Great Price"LDS RECORD CLUB MEANS.. "Doctrine and Covenants"

Finest recorded works of special interest to LDS "New Testament"members. (All standard works will be offered!)

"Old Testament"Liberal Bonuses to LDS RECORD CLUB members.

(Gift recordings, first opportunities, exclusive... and many others.

privileges) (Blind and nearblind register free with bishop's signature)

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY

Your enclosed $1.00 registration Columbia Research Group—3600 Market St., S.L.C. 4, Utah

fee will bring you "A Voice From EnclosedRECORD CLUB.is my $1.00. Please enroll me as a member of the LDS

The Dust"—recorded excerpts

from the Book of Mormon. (See Name

opp. page.) Address ''See ad in March Relief Society Magazine. City State

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Columbia Research Group Covenant Records Presents presents ) THE SEPH MITH THE STORY 0T%Hf LIFE MID TIMES OF IK MORMON PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH STORY (A "Covenant Record")

A VIVID PORTRAIT IN SOUND OF THE LIFE AND TIMES OF THIS GREAT MAN AND PROPHET

Here in high fidelity sound recording is a thrilling dramatization of the life of the Prophet

Joseph Smith. He as well as many of the Saints you've known from books is portrayed here,

faithfully and dramatically alive. The boy Joseph talks with the Angel Moroni and as a

man, translates the plates and leads the midwest migrations. Here is a thrilling addition...

something very special for your record library. The children will thrill to it. Also wonderful

as a missionary teaching aid.

12 inch 33V3 rpm high fidelity record album $398

*:. ||. HPMIWM* ->—. The Pearl of Great Price

NOW! RECORDED!

Gf'R'ni/xrr 1 This beautiful album brings you this complete recorded standard work for the first time in its entirety for the amazing price of only "PTi'rcjiEimm"* '.'- -V l M l I*—-<T:—"*

33'/3 rpm high fidelity record album $11 95

EEL the inspiration of the words (ORDER FORM)

COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP of the Prophet Joseph Smith as he 3600 Market, Salt Lake City 4, Utah receives this sacred record.

Q Please send "The Joseph Smith Story"—Price $3.98.

Please send "The Pearl of Great Price"—Price $11.95.

HEAR page by page the Books Enclosed find my check for of Moses and Abraham and also the $3.98 $11.95 $15.93 (Both Albums)

writings of Joseph Smith. Bill me.

the joy and fulfillmentKNOW in UNDERSTANDING the message of the scriptures through the LIVING City State

WORD. I Utah residents add 2'/2% sales tax.

APRIL 1961 213 THE EDITORS PAGE

The Most

Important Meeting of the Church

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

"It is expedient that the church meet together often "(D&C 20:75.)

We meet in the house of God not as mere acquaintances, but in the brotherhood of Christ. We meot in

the presence of him who said, "Love one another."

One of the greatest benefits derived from meeting together is the experiencing of new and uplifting thoughts and feelings. These thoughts and feelings

are not always by the speaker, they only call up thought; but those who, while listening, experience

new thoughts or noble feelings always derive one of the greatest blessings that come to those who assemble for worship.

I feel impressed to emphasize that the Lord has designated the Sacrament meeting as the most important meeting in the Church. In this text cited

above, given to Joseph Smith by revelation, the Lord refers to that special meeting. "It is expedient that

the church meet together often..."not for general

purposes, but for the specific purpose of partaking of the Sacrament.

The partaking of the Sacrament is one of the most sacred ordinances of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. Associated with it are the principles fundamental in characterbuilding and essential

: to man's advancement and exaltation in the kingdom

of God. Too few communicants attach to this simple

though sublime rite the importance and significance that it merits. Unfortunately, the form of worship

is frequently an outward compliance without the true soulacknowledgment of its deep and spiritual significance. In the partaking of the Sacrament, there

is danger of people's permitting formality to supersede spirituality, but he who partakes of the Sacrament worthily and sincerely is truly an acceptable follower of the Son of God.

The blessing on the emblems which is offered in think of the virtues of the Christ, for the promise, behalf of everyone who partakes of the Sacrament then, is that at all times he will bear in mind with reveals clearly the relation that one assumes to the gratitude and reverence him whose life was the

Lord and the obligations each one takes upon himepitome of purity, kindness, and love. Under all

self. Reverence and the sacredness of a promise are conditions he is to eschew evil, to cherish virtue, and

the first two principles therein emphasized. to supplant hatred with compassion and benevolence.

The salutation, "O God, the Eternal Father,"is an The third obligation: To keep his commandments.

acknowledgment on the part of the congregation that The commandments are many. But Jesus, himself

the Lord is present; at least that his Spirit is in summed them up as: "... love the Lord thy God

possible communication with the spirit of each one with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with who sincerely seeks him. all thy mind... and thy neighbour as thyself."

A reverent attitude should be maintained during (Matthew 22:37, 39.) This is what every person who

the administration of the Sacrament. Everyone prespartakes of the Sacrament expresses a willingness to do!

ent should think of the virtues of the Christ life, for The allcomprehending reward named as the result the Sacrament is "blessed and sanctified"that each of compliance with the three obligations assumed is may partake of it "in rememberance"of the Son of God. the guiding and inspirational companionship of God's

There are few things in life more sacred than one's Holy Spirit.

word of honor. Truthfulness, honesty are fundaOrder, reverence, attestation in divine presence to

mental virtues, without which it is impossible to enter the fold of Christ; to keep his virtues and his

build a noble character. The man who disregards a life ever in mind; to love the Lord wholeheartedly;

promise, who treats lightly and with contempt his and to labor even at the sacrifice of self for the word of honor, has a soul that is but "a hollow shell."brotherhood of the human family—these and all

All who partake of the Sacrament witness, that is, kindred virtues are associated with the partaking of give evidence of, or attest before "God, the Eternal the Lord's Supper.

Father,"that they are willing to do certain things. Again I would emphasize what the Lord has said

Surely that which is witnessed before God is of such to his people: "It is expedient that the church meet

a nature that it never should be broken. In this together often,"and I would plead with the Latterday

solemn presence, therefore, every partaker of the SacSaints, wherever they are, to be found in the Sacrament rament gives evidence of his willingness to assume meeting at the appointed time in the appointed place.

three very great obligations, the first of which, and to which he becomes bound in sacred honor, is: "And that thou mayest more fully keep thyself

To take upon himself the name of the Son. To be unspotted from the world, thou shalt go to the house

called worthy of his name is to become a son of of prayer and offer up thy sacraments upon my

God, to be numbered one in the brotherhood of Christ. holy day;

The second is: Always to remember him. To "For verily this is a day appointed unto you to

remember is to have consciously before the mind rest from your labors, and to pay thy devotions unto that which is known. Everybody present should the Most High;..."(D&C 59:9-10.)

APRIL 1961 215 YOUR QUESTION

ANSWERED BY WHERE IS THE GARDEN

PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Question: "J am a stake missionary, and recently an from the ocean flood, like the newborn child, it was

investigator asked me the following question: innocent; it rose to newness of life. It was its second

'7 have found a contradictory statement in your birth from the womb of mighty waters—a new world

teachings. The Bible says the Garden of Eden was issuing from the ruins of the old, clothed with all the

in the Eastern Hemisphere, and the teachings of the innocence of this first creation. (Orson Pratt, Journal

Latterday Saints say it was in the Western Hemiof Discourses, Vol. 1, p. 333.)

sphere, in Missouri. How do you explain thisF I told "The earth, in its present condition and situation, is

her I would do some more checking and get an not a fit habitation for the sanctified; but it abides

answer. You are no doubt familiar with the Bible the law of its creation, has been baptized with water,

quotation in Genesis 2:1014, and I have checked the will be baptized by fire and the Holy Ghost, and bybest I can but have not come up with anything andby will be prepared for the faithful to dwell

definite enough to satisfy this investigator. Is there upon."(President Brigham Young, ibid., 8:83.)

any geographical point that I could get that will bear Just where Noah built his ark is not known, but we this, our doctrine, out."are informed that it floated on the flood until the

mountains were covered. It must have traveled a

Answer: It is an error to say that the Bible states great distance from where it was built, for it would

that the Garden of Eden was on the Eastern Heminot remain still, and it was one hundred and fifty days sphere. The fact is that there is no place that can be at least floating before it settled at Mt. Ararat, in

definitely pointed out where the Garden of Eden was. the upper country of Armenia. Now the ark no doubt

There have been great changes on the face of the was driven by the fierce winds which accompanied earth since the days of Adam. The Latterday Saints the flood. Out of the country where it rested, there

would not know if the Lord had not revealed it to flowed a river; it has been given the name Euphrates,

them. Such knowledge is beyond the skill of mortal but this river does not in the least correspond to the

man to discover without the revelation from the Lord. river by that name in the Garden of Eden. It was the

Strange as it may seem there is a popular view that most natural thing for Noah or some other ancient the Garden of Eden was in the Mesopotamian Valley, person, to name the river after the one which they had not many miles from Mt. Ararat where the ark landed. known, but this river flows in the wrong direction.

This view is inconsistent and contrary to the known We call the river which flows from Utah Lake into facts as well as with the Bible. Some of these inconthe Great Salt Lake, the "Jordan,"but that does not

sistencies may be pointed out. The reason for the make it the river in Palestine, and what would be

flood, as stated in the Bible, was to cleanse the earth more natural than that the pioneers would call this of its iniquity which had become so great that the stream, "Jordan?"

entire human family, excepting those who were It should also be remembered that this good earth saved in the ark, were destroyed. Another reason for has passed through a great many changes since the

the flood, as taught by revelation to the Church, is days of Eden. The Bible teaches us that in the bethat the earth, like mankind, had to be baptized and ginning all the water was in one place. Therefore all

purified by water. The scriptures state that the Lord the land must have been in one place. (Genesis 1:9.)

opened the "fountains of the great deep"and "the There were not an Eastern and a Western Hemisphere windows of heaven,"and caused it to rain incessantly at the time of Adam. It is very strange, but neveruntil the entire earth was covered. The Latterday theless true, that some of the greatest events that

Saints believe that this was the baptism of the earth. have occurred on the face of the earth, have been

One or two quotations are given covering this point: passed over in the Bible with the slightest mention;

"The first ordinance instituted for the cleasing of the for example, in Genesis 10:25, we read:

earth, was that of immersion in water; it was buried "And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of

in the liquid element, and all things sinful upon the one was Peleg; for in his day was the earth divided."

face of the earth were washed away. As it came forth This is a very brief statement of one of the greatest

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF EDEN?

events that ever occurred on the face of this terrestrial ing on this union of continents and islands again. Here

globe, yet there is scientific evidence that this very are a few of them:

thing happened. In the beginning the land surface "For this is as the waters of Noah unto me: for as

was one vast continent; there came a time when it I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more

was divided, and other continents were formed and go over the earth; so have I sworn that I would not

the Western Hemisphere came into existence, but this be wroth with thee nor rebuke thee.

was long after the time of Adam. "For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be

Speaking of this great event Dr. Immanuel Velikoremoved; but my kindness shall not depart from thee,

visky, in his book, Earth in Upheaval, makes the folneither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, lowing comment: saith the Lord that hath mercy on thee."(Isaiah 54:

"The theory of drifting continents, debated since 9-10.

the 1920's has its starting point in the similiarity of the "For in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath shape of the coastlines of Brazil and Africa, This have I spoken. Surely in that day there shall be a

similiarity (or better, complementation) plus some great shaking in the land of Israel;

early fauna and floral affinities suggested to Professor "So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the

Alfred Wegner of Cruz in the Tyrol that in the early heaven, and the beasts of the field, and all creepgeological age these two continents, South America ing things that creep upon the earth, and all the men and Africa, were one land mass. But since animal that are upon the face of the earth, shall shake at

and vegetable affinities, could also be found in other my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, parts of the world, Wegner conjectured that all conand the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall tinents and islands were once a single land mass that fall to the ground."(Ezekiel 38:1920.)

in various epochs divided and drifted apart. Those "And every island fled away, and the mountains

who do not subscribe to the theory of continental were not found."(Rev. 16:20.)

drift continue to explain the affinity of plants and Then also the Lord revealed to the Prophet Joseph animals by land bridges'or former land connections Smith the following in full accord with what is written between continents and also between continents and in the Bible:

islands."(P. 118.) "And he shall utter his voice out of Zion, and he

This, of course, has little to do with the Garden of shall speak from Jerusalem, and his voice shall be

Eden, but it does show that there have been great heard among all people;

changes on the earth's surface since the days of Adam. "And it shall be a voice as the voice of many waters,

Another scientific writer, Reginald Aldworth Daily, and as the voice of a great thunder, which shall break has written a large volume with the title Our Mobile down the mountains, and the valleys shall not be

Earth in which he argues that there have been great found.

movements in the earth, and opposite page 260, he "He shall command the great deep, and it shall be gives a diagram—three pictures—showing how at one driven back into the north countries, and the islands

time the land surface of the earth was in one place and shall become one land;

how the scattered continents and islands could be "And the land of Jerusalem and the land of Zion brought back to one body of land, and how the shall be turned back into their own place, and the continents "migrated"and separated from each other. earth shall be like it was in the days before it was

If one should take a map showing the Western and divided."(D&C 133:2124.)

the Eastern hemispheres, and study them, one would We should be grateful to the Prophet Joseph Smith see clearly how today they might be fitted together. because of the revelation which the Lord gave to him

Well, that day will come, for, as the earth was divided, pointing out the place of the Garden of Eden, and so shall it in the restoration be brought back to its to give us the information that when the earth is reoriginal form again, with all the land surface in one stored, as it surely will be, the great city New place. There are many prophecies in the Bible bearJerusalem will be in the place where Eden was.

APRIL 1961 217 At the annual conference of the Church, held in the

Salt Lake Tabernacle on April 6, 1881, a list of names When of men who were called on missions was read to the congregation. On this list was the name of David

McKay of Huntsville, Utah, the father of President

David O. McKay—called to Great Britain. The misset apart for theDavidMcKay sionary record shows that he was

mission on the following day, April 7.

At the time David McKay was called on this mission, he was nearing his 37th birthday. He was of went on a Scottish descent, having been born near Thurso, Scotland, May 3, 1844. His parents became members of

the Church in 1850, and in the summer of 1856 they emigrated to America; in 1859 they made their way mission to Utah and settled in Ogden. A few years later,

BY PRESTON NIBLEY David and his brother Isaac took up land in a little

ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN valley east of Ogden, where a settlement called

Huntsville was forming. There in 1867 David brought

his young wife Jennette Evans and established a home. At the time he was called on a mission, four

David McKay and Jennette children had been born to them, two girls and two their four and Evans McKay children. two boys. The lives of the little girls were taken during eldest The

daughters Margaret and Elena, an epidemic of diphtheria which swept through the left, died at right and in a valley in 18771878. Thus when David McKay deof 1877diphtheria epidemic

1878. David O. is standing parted for his mission, two little boys, David Oman,

his father; Thomas by E. is seven, and Thomas Evans, five, watched him leave the lap. mother's on his

farm home with mingled feelings of awe and concern. "Aberdeen, Nov. 15, 1881

The little boy, David Oman, was to live to carry the "President Albert Carrington,

McKay name around the world. "Dear Brother:

David McKay boarded a train at Ogden on April "Knowing the interest you feel in the labors of the 19, 1881, and joined a group of missionaries, all Elders in their several fields, I embrace the present bound for Liverpool, England. The record states opportunity of giving you a short account of my

that they arrived in Liverpool on May 13 "at nine labors in the north of Scotland.

p.m. on the steamship Wyoming."Fourteen other "The 10th of June found me in Thurso. Having

elders that made the journey with David McKay were some tracts with me I commenced distributing them

William Butler, Abraham Halliday, Rodney Hillam, among my friends, talking to all who would listen to

Benjamin E. Rich, Joseph Wadley, Alfred Alder, John my humble way of explaining the first principles of

Stoddard, Robert McFarland, Alexander Perry, David the gospel. I held four openair meetings. When

M. Evans, Charles H. Greenwell, Franklin B. Woolley, Elder John Stoddard came to assist me, we tried in

Joseph Greaves, and David J. Evans. all the principal towns and villages to obtain a house;

When the assignments were made to the various we offered to hire, but all to no purpose. It was

fields of labor by President Albert Carrington of the 'Hobson's choice,'preach outof-doors or not preach

European Mission, David McKay, John Stoddard, in public. We had as good meetings as we could

Robert McFarland, and Alexander Perry were apexpect, until bad weather interfered.

pointed to labor in the Glasgow conference in Scot- "Brother Stoddard returned to Edinburgh, and land. shortly after I received word from Brother Irvine to

The next available information we have concerning come to Aberdeen.

Elder David McKay is a revealing letter he wrote to "In visiting, I found some still quite anxious to

President Carrington, on November 15, 1881, and inquire further in regard to the gospel. All the

which is found in the Millennial Star, Vol. 43, page pamphlets and books ordered by me from the office

747. Here it is in full: have been distributed among them. I hope in the

near future a branch may be organized in the far north, that there may be some place to rally to. The few

who have been numbered with us are scattered, as it were, without a shepherd. Elder Monroe, of twentyfive years standing, has done what he could to make

a home for the Elders who have visited there from time to time. He is a good, quiet man and can bear

a faithful testimony in private but has not as yet taken any part in public meetings. He has to labor very

hard to support his family.

"I was introduced to the Saints here in Aberdeen by Elder A. N. Macfarlane, who has endeared himself

to the hearts of the Saints, and their faith and prayers have gone with him to Dundee, his present field of labor. "I am thankful for the change which has been made as regards my labors, to meet with the Saints in their meetings, which are held twice on each Sabbath, in a public hall; prayer meeting once a week at Brother

Robertson's, president of the branch, and Bible class,

The McKay family home at sion that his wife had added once a week, at the same place. The four and a half

in part the house.Huntsville, of to has been Utah, More months without meetings, makes me appreciate the

living home, were the family since. The nowwhich added

in 1881 when the mission call President McKay's, is the society of the Saints.

gatherings of frequent learned scenecame. Elder McKay clan. "My health is good and I seek the spirit of my family of the entireafter his misreturn from the

APHIL 1961 219 ministry. I have been blessed since leaving home "It continued for some time after that, when, one

beyond my expectations. I trust the Lord will conmorning, before daylight, following a sleepless night,

tinue his mercies towards me, and that you as Our he decided to retire to a cave near the ocean, where he head, may, through our obedience to your counsel knew he would be shut off from the world entirely, and the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, be able to and there pour out his soul to God and ask why he rejoice in seeing and hearing of the spread of the was oppressed with this feeling; what he had done

Gospel in these parts. And that the Lord will bless and what he could do to throw it off and continue

all who are so engaged, is the desire of, his work.

"Your brother in the Gospel, David McKay.""He started out in the dark towards the cave, and

he became so eager to get to it that he started to run

This letter makes known that David McKay went and was hailed by an officer who wanted to know to Thurso, the place of his birth, shortly after he what was the matter, as he was leaving town. He

arrived in Scotland, and that he remained there "four gave some noncommittal reply and was permitted to and a half months,"before going to Aberdeen. Part go on. Something just seemed to drive him; he had

of the time he was alone, and part of the time Elder to get relief!

John Stoddard labored with him. In this connection "He entered that cave and said: 'Oh, Father, what

President David O. McKay once related an interesting can I do to have this feeling removed? I must have

story of an experience of his father, while he labored it lifted or I cannot continue in this work'; and he

alone at Thurso. It is from a sermon delivered by heard a voice as distinct as I am now uttering say:

President McKay in 1919. 'Testify that Joseph Smith is a Prophet of God.'

"I know that the Lord communicates with his "Remembering then what he tacitly had decided, servants. I have not doubted this fact since I was a six weeks or more before, and becoming overwhelmed

boy and heard the testimony of my father regarding with the thought, the whole thing came to him in a the revelation that came to him of the divinity of the realization that he was there for a special mission,

Prophet Joseph Smith. and that he had not given that special mission the

"My father accepted a call to a mission about 1881. attention that it deserved. Then he cried in his heart,

When he began preaching in his native land and bore 'Lord, it is enough,'and went out from the cave.

testimony of the restoration of the gospel of Jesus "You who know him know the mission he performed.

Christ, he noticed that the people turned away from As a boy I sat and heard that testimony from one him. They were bitter in their hearts against anywhom I treasured and honored as you know I

thing Mormon, and the name of Joseph Smith seemed treasured no other man in the world, and that assurto arouse antagonism in their hearts. ance was instilled in my youthful soul."1

"One day he concluded that the best way to get Further information pertaining to David McKay these people interested would be to preach just the is in the Journal History of the Church under date of simple principles, the atonement of the Lord Jesus May 20, 1882. It is a clipping from the Ogden Daily

Christ, the first principles of the gospel, and not bear Herald of the previous day and is as follows testimony of the restoration of the gospel. It first "Today we have a letter from Elder David McKay,

came simply as a passing thought, but yet it influenced who writes from Aberdeen, Scotland, to Hon. Lorin

his future work. In a month or so he became opFarr, through whose kindness we are permitted to

pressed with a gloomy, downcast feeling, and he could glean a few lines from the message. Elder McKay

not enter into the spirit of his work. expresses himself as deeply grieved at the corruption

"He did not know what really was the matter, but and depravity he finds himself surrounded with his mind became obstructed; his spirit became wherever his labors

clogged; he was oppressed and hampered; and that call him. He has

feeling of depression continued until it weighed him been much shocked Birthplace of David McKay at down with such heaviness that he went to the Lord and att wifnpinfrwitnessing thptne Janetstownwhich President(near Thurso),McKay visitedScotland,in 1953. This was built home evil folby effects I will this of 'Unlesssaid: get I can feeling removed

William President McKay, McKay's desiresj I 4.1,the lowingi continue with cannot go home.have to my work grandfather.

this feeling.'iThe Improvement Era, Vol. 24, p. 405.

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the flesh. He remembers that when he heard the Stoddard, president of the Newcastle Conference;

elders bear testimony to the great wickedness of John R. Baxter, David McKay, Robert McFarland,

Babylon, he was sometimes inclined to think that John A. Boyle, Joseph W. McMurrin, David Burnet,

they were a little prejudiced and were painting the John Crawford, John Penman, and James Meikle."

picture too black; but since he has moved in person At the opening meeting Elder McKay was the third

among the foreign scenes, he has had ample conspeaker. "He said the Aberdeen District was about

viction and demonstration that all the pictures drawn the same as the Dundee District, both as to numbers of the perversity and immorality of Babylon were, if and proportion of those who are striving to live their anything, too mild, and he has seen the abyss which religion. The gospel differs as much from the creeds

divides the children of light, who serve God, from of the present day, as it did in the days of our Savior, the children of the world who serve Mammon. from the creeds then most popular. He expected to

"This has led him to reflect that there are efforts find the Scottish people willing to receive the gospel, being made to introduce the same influences of the as they had such great reverence for the Bible, but evil one, among the Saints, to cause them to symhis expectations were not realized. He found them

pathize with the wicked abroad, and hence arises the full of tradition. What was good for their fathers

necessity of something to bind and keep the Lord's and grandfathers, they claimed, was good enough for people together.... In conclusion Elder McKay is them, and if they went to heaven, no doubt their

well and hearty, and enjoys the spirit of his calling children would go there too.

in a proper manner.""After an absence of twentyfive years he had reFollowing the above, there is an account in the turned to his native land, and found some who were

Millennial Star (Vol. 44, p. 492) of a meeting of the in the Church when he left, still hanging on, but so

elders of the Glasgow district, held on July 16, 1882, far back that they did not even know who was the "in the upper hall at 8 Watson Street, off Gallowgate."President of the Church. This was the natural result

Those present were "Apostle Albert Carrington, of not living their religion, for as soon as a Latterday (president of the European Mission), A. N. MacSaint ceases to live his religion, that moment he

farlane, president of the Glasgow Conference; John desires to estrange himself from the Church and hide

APRIL 1961 221 ijl

The First Wcls

DAVID MCKAY MISSION (CONTINUED) himself. Those Saints of whom he had just spoken

were in a very scattered condition and difficult to get at, and had gone back so far that he would rather undertake to teach one who knew nothing of the gospel principles; for when darkness once comes upon

a Latterday Saint, how great is that darkness!

"He felt thankful to God for the privilege he had of contrasting the people of Utah with the people of these lands, and rejoiced in what he had seen, and what he knew. He exhorted the Saints to think more

of the purposes of Jehovah in sending us here, also our origin, destiny, and relations to God. He advised

them to hold on to the iron rod, for woe would be the portion of those who rejected the gospel when it was delivered by an authorized servant of the Most

High."(Millennial Star 44:492.)

In September 1882, Elder McKay was appointed president of the Glasgow district. He succeeded

A. N. Macfarlane, who had been released.

The next conference in Glasgow was held on December 31, 1882. By this time Albert Carrington had

been released to return home, and John Henry Smith had been sent to take his place. Those present at

the Glasgow conference in December were: "Apostle

John Henry Smith, president of the European Mission;

Benjamin E. Rich, president of the Manchester Conference; David McKay, president of the Glasgow

conference; David Burnet, David W. Tullis, John

Penman, Joseph W. McMurrin, John Crawford, John

McQuarrie, James Meikle, and Robert Hunter; about

200 Saints attended the meetings."

At the opening meeting, "President McKay, after a few preliminary remarks, expressive of the pleasure he felt in meeting the brethren and sisters in conference capacity, said we would now hear the reports of the elders who were present to represent the various districts of the Scottish Mission."

At the concluding session, "President McKay testified to the integrity (Continued on page 278)

gtation to Utah (1 849)

BY T. H. LEWIS

The year 1849 is very important in the history of the Latterday Saint

Mission in Wales, for it witnessed the first emigration of Latterday

Saints from Wales to Salt Lake City. The mission's leader was Captain

Dan Jones, who was with the Prophet Joseph Smith in his last days at

Carthage. He has become recognized as the founder of the Welsh

Mission, although he was not the first person to preach the faith in

Wales. With his headquarters at Merthyr Tydfil (South Wales), this

fiery pioneer conducted such a vigorous crusade that, in a few years, thousands of Welshmen joined the Church.

This article does not propose to deal with those early activities, details of which may be found in the interesting, but rare, LDS Welsh periodicals Prophwyd Y Jubili (The Prophet of the Jubilee) and Udgorn

Seion (Zion's Trumpet). It will suffice to say that in 1849 many Welsh

Mormons were ready to accompany their leader to Salt Lake City. One

of the last undertakings of Dan Jones before he left Wales was to attend the opening ceremony of the Saints'chapel at Llanelly, Carmarthenshire—a building which still stands.

Udgorn Seion contains an interesting account of the departure of the

Saints from Swansea ( South Wales ) to what was then frequently referred to as California. But it might be better to quote a Swansea newspaper

(The Cambrian), February 16, 1849 as it can be regarded as giving a detached and objective description:

"Emigration to California "On Tuesday last, Swansea was quite enlivened in consequence of the arrival of several waggons, loaded with luggage, attended by some scores of the 'bold peasantry'of Carmarthenshire and almost an equal number of the inhabitants of Merthyr and the surrounding districts, together with their families. The formidable party were nearly all 'Latterday Saints'and came to this town for the purpose of proceeding to

Liverpool in the Troubadour steamer, where a ship is in readiness to transport them next week to the glittering regions of California.

"This goodly company is under the command of a popular Saint, known as Captain Dan Jones, a hardy traveller.... He arrived in the

town on Tuesday night and seems to enjoy the respect and confidence of his faithful band. He entered the town under the gaze of hundreds

of spectators, and in the evening he delivered his bands. Dan Jones was such an outspoken crusader

valedictory address at the Trades'Hall to a numerous that he aroused not only great enthusiasm among his audience, the majority of whom were led by curiosity adherents but also great enmity among others. For

to hear his doctrines, which are quite novel in this several days before leaving his home of Merthyr Tydtown. fil, he was in great peril, and his house was attacked

"Amongst the group were many substantial farmers nightly for some weeks. For his own safety, Church

from the neighbourhoods of Brechfa and Llanybydder, members afforded him roundthe-clock protection.

Carmarthenshire; and although they were wellto-do, He had to leave secretly because of possible attempts

they disposed of their possessions to get to California, on his life. Some of the stories from South Wales had

their New Jerusalem, as they deem it, where, their reached Liverpool, for in that town, the emigrants fanaticism teaches them to believe, they will escape were visited by some Welsh nonconformist ministers from the general destruction and conflagration that is who, however, were satisfied with the replies given shortly to envelope this earth.... They seem animated to their queries.

only with the most devout feelings and aspirations, All the Welsh emigrants were housed in one large which seem to flow from no other source (judging sixstoreyed building in Liverpool where they spent from their conversation) than a sincere belief that the six days at a cost of one shilling and sixpence a day for

End of the World is at hand; and that their Great each person. Due to the efforts of Captain Dan Jones,

Captain of Salvation is soon to visit his bobl yng advantageous terms were secured for the voyagengwlad y Saint ( people in the country of the Saints ) namely, three pounds twelve shillings and sixpence... Amongst the number who came here were several (including food) for all over fourteen, and three

aged men varying from 70 to 90 years of age and pounds for the underfourteens, as against the sum of 'whose hoary locks'made it very improbable they will five pounds (without food) which was charged in live to see America. Yet so deluded are the poor other ships.

and simple Saints that they believe that everyone A service was held on board the Buena Vista on amongst them, however infirm and old they may be, Sunday, the 25th day of February, under the direction will as surely land in California safely, as they started of Captain Dan Jones. A branch of the Church was

from Wales. Their faith is most extraordinary. effected aboard ship. Permission was given to use

"On Wednesday morning, after being addressed the ship captain's deck for the choristers and "orchesby their leader, all repaired on board in admirable tra"to render "The Saints'Farewell"for the last time.

order and with extraordinary resignation. Their deThe Buena Vista left Liverpool on Monday, Februparture was witnessed by hundreds of spectators, and ary 26. As the ship moved away, "... we were folwhilst the steamer gaily passed down the river, the lowed by our dear brethren—William Phillips

Saints commenced singing a favorite hymn. On (Merthyr), Abel Evans, Eliezer Edwards, and several

entering the piers, however, they abruptly stopped other faithful Elders, together with David Jeremy, of singing and lustily responded to the cheering with Brechfa."They "... bought oranges and threw them

which they were greeted by the inhabitants."into the ship as long as they were within reach."

It is clear that these 1849'ers were serious and reBy the time the ship was passing the Isle of Anglespectable folk. The steamer Troubadour took them to sey, everybody was seasick except Captain Dan Jones

Liverpool whence they were to embark for New Orand Daniel Daniels. As the land of Wales was disleans. appearing from view, Dan Jones ruminated on his

William Phillips, who had succeeded Captain Dan sojourn there. "Why had I to flee before the schedJones as president of the Welsh Mission, gave a deuled time?... Religious persecution was the cause,

tailed account in Udgorn Seion of the happenings at and God is not the source of persecution. No religion

Liverpool. There were 240 Welshmen (excluding which persecutes emanates from Him...."

children) on board the Buena Vista, and 65 WelshCholera was prevalent at that time in New Orleans, men on the Hartley. All sorts of scurrilous stories as it was in many other places. These Welsh Saints

had been broadcast about Dan Jones. Some had had only one death from cholera there. Two others

asserted that he would sell the emigrants as slaves, had died from other causes aboard ship.

and others maintained that some wives had joined Dan Jones engaged a special steamboat to convey the emigrant group without the consent of their hushis company from St. Louis to Council Bluffs, Iowa,

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which was the usual startingpoint for the long trek was captain of the whole camp, Abel Evans was westward. A quantity of iron was bought at Council captain of the guards and William Beddoe (of PenydarBluffs to make wagons. ren, Merthyr) the clerk of the camp. Among other

Before leaving Council Bluffs, Dan Jones arranged officers named by him were Captain D. Evans ( Llanfor some of the company to stay at that place for the elly, South Wales), John Rees (Merthyr Tydfil), H.

time being, and for a Welsh branch of the Church to Evans, the former president of the West Glamorgan be organized with William Morgans (of Rhymney, Conference. One gathers from his letter that condiSouth Wales) in charge. A Welsh newspaper was tions on the western trek were less formidable than

published there. they had been in 1849: "The Saints are in good health;

Soon, Dan Jones and his group were moving westeveryone has his canvas tent as white as snow. Much

ward. In a letter to William Phillips, dated July 13, milk in our camp is being thrown away as casually

1849, he mentioned that he was in "Omaha, the land as is the bathwater used by two or three Merthyr of the Indians."There was no time to describe the colliers. We have more milk than we can use."

scene fully as "the mosquitoes were biting."He was When this group was within eighty miles of Salt

on the point of venturing "into the depths of the westLake City, whom did they meet but Captain Dan erly regions, out of touch with civilisation, and into Jones who was returning from Utah to Wales. When

the midst of the red Indians in the forest lands."With Mountain Creek was reached, some noise from a

him were one hundred wagons. The journey from westerly direction was heard. That "noise"marked

Liverpool to Council Bluffs had cost each emigrant the coming of three of the early Welsh emigrants between six pounds and seven pounds. The letter conwho had traveled between thirty and forty miles from

cluded with a sad note: "Cholera has taken its toll the "valley"to meet the newcomers. Those three

of our group along the rivers, especially the accursed were Thomas Jones (Hirwaud, Glamorgan), Morgan waters of the Missouri; but it was not so devastating Hugh (Pontyates, Carmarthenshire), and William

as in the case of other people in the same area."Jones (son of Evan Jones, Aberdare, Glamorgan).

Another letter from Dan Jones, dated October 12 With them was a load of fruit, including watermelons, on the "Banks of the Green River"reached William potatoes, and onions. A little further on, the emigrants

Phillips in Merthyr Tydfil. The captain had already met another group of Welshmen who had likewise

been over three months on the western trail. Only come to meet them; and in that group were John

464 miles remained of the journey. When Elder John Parry (Newmarket, North Wales), Daniel Leigh,

Taylor of the Council of the Twelve addressed a conOwen Roberts, Thomas Jones, and Cadwaladr Owen.

ference at Merthyr Tydfil (South Wales) in 1850 he This particular letter from William Morgans gave mentioned that on his eastward journey from Salt some further details of the journey across the plains.

Lake City he had met "your dear Captain Jones"a Hundreds of buffaloes were seen coming to drink at few miles from the city, and that the Welshmen were the Platte River. The Indians were "kindly folk"if

quite comfortable and sang a Welsh hymn. approached in the right spirit. When William MorAmong those who were in Captain Dan Jones'gans and his company happened to meet some hunvanguard was Thomas Jeremy, who in a letter home dreds of Sioux Indians, they were welcomed with the

mentioned that the party reached the "valley"on greeting, "How do? Mormon, good."The Indians

October 29. spread their blankets on the ground and invited the

Meanwhile, William Morgans and his contingent Welshmen to sit down with them to smoke "the remained at Council Bluffs. The Welsh Branch there pipe of peace."When these Welshmen reached the

is what was known as "Cambria's camp."The gold "Valley,"they were surprised to find that the roads

rush to California was making a very busy place out of Salt Lake City were 130 feet wide, and that there of Council Bluffs. As William Morgans said in a were trees between the carriage way and the pedestrian

letter to Wales: "Our town is like a seething cauldron way. Alongside each road there was running water

these days, and as full as Merthyr Market on a which could be turned on or off by the inhabitants.

Saturday."According to William Morgans the daily wage of an

In 1852, William Morgans and his company, which ordinary laborer was three shillings and threepence, included some post1849 emigrants, moved westward. and that of masons twelve shillings and sixpence. No

With them were fifty wagons and ten carts. In a wonder his comment was: "Isn't this a better place

letter to Wales, William Morgans stated that he for workmen than Merthyr Tydfil is?"

APRIL 1961 225 BY BARNEY JONES O c n

Kjt Franny Owens came th h the back door

r

H HL t % * Bi 1- i m1 1 1 i | vp9m and burst into the kitchen, the smell of spring clinging to herpink cheeks and

took a single stride across the linoleum. "Mother, guess what?"tail. dark J-pony*/ She flung her algebra on a chair, gulped a huge breath as she cried. she

Hazel Owens, small and dainty, gazed up at her fifteenyear-old daughter. "What?"

"Life has turned positively frantic, Mother! And all because the school paper printed when our birthdays

are."A slim hand caressed the single strand of pearls her parents had given her that morning at breakfast.

"Yesterday when they told us the girls must invite the boys to the spring dance, that was bad enough! But

now, this afternoon..."panic filled her cornflowerblue eyes "... two boys are coming over. Two boys,

Mother.""I know the meaning of the word, dear. Did you invite them?"

"Good heavens, no!"She sniffed the air. "What's for dinner?"

"Veal roast. Your father's favorite."

Franny felt her mouth tighten a little and was about to blurt out, "Again?"Instead she merely said, "Oh."

She had hoped dinner would consist of her favorites, since it was her birthday. What was so good about veal

roast? Not that there was anything wrong with it.... Anyway, at this particular moment food was not her

chief worry. "Well, as I was saying, this morning during assembly, Buzzy Ferrell sent me this note asking if

he could come over on his way home from this job he has after school. Well, I never thought he even noticed

me. We've been in the same English class for a year, and he's hardly spoken to me. I was sure he never

noticed me."

Hazel smiled. "Who else that hasn't noticed you is coming?"

Franny winced. "What? Oh, Mother, you're making fun of me. Ron Merriwether sits in front of me in

some classes because his name begins with M and mine begins with O. Well, in the seventhperiod study

hall he turned around, and I thought he was going to ask about algebra. Instead his face got red all the way

up to his crewcut, and he asked if he could stop by after track practice. I said, 'yes.'What else could I say?"

Joy and despair mingled on her features. "I feel positively trapped, Mother."

"What a lovely trap,"Hazel mused. "I'll arrange a tray of cookies, and you can offer the boys some milk."

"Milk!"Franny snorted.

"What do they expect...?"

"Mother, I don't know what they expect,"she wailed. Life is becoming so complicated, she thought to

herself. And now having to invite a boy to a dance—that is the end!

Decisively she said, "I'm going upstairs to put on my new pink sweater to face the disaster."

APRIL 1961 227 Hazel Owens lifted the cover of a pan on the that is. I don't want you to go to any trouble,

stove. "Always, dear, always face catastrophe wellFranny."

dressed.""Oh, it's no trouble. None at all."Casually she

Franny started out of the kitchen, then paused in picked up the orchid. "I'll show it to Mother, as long

fresh uncertainty. "How do you get to be a good as I'm going into the kitchen anyway. She just loves

conversationalist, anyway?"flowers."And she fairly fled from the room.

"Just talk—or listen."In the kitchen, on the table, was a tray with a

Fifteen minutes later, her panic concealed beneath platter of cookies, a pitcher of milk, and three glasses.

a smile, Franny opened the front door to the boy Hazel Owens stood at the sink scraping carrots, her with the sandcolored crewcut. For an instant she back to Franny. Franny moved near and whispered,

gazed at him through the screen. She had never in "Look! Isn't it the most gorgeous orchid in the world,

her life seen a boy look so scared. She felt a touch Mother?"

of sympathy, and a glimmer of power. Hazel smiled. Gently she took the orchid and

"Come in, Ron,"she said, and smiled. The smile pinned it on Franny's pink sweater, a medal denotcame with surprising ease. Ron followed her into ing... well, her fifteenth birthday. She blinked.

the living room, neither of them speaking. He carSome days you could see a daughter grow up under

ried a small white box which Franny did her tactful your very eyes.

best to ignore. Franny swept gracefully back to the living room,

"Sit down, Ron."carrying the refreshment tray. She poured milk for

He thrust the box at her. "Happy birthday,"he Ron and herself and held out the platter of cookies to

croaked. He shifted from foot to foot while she, with him.

deceptive calmness, drew off the ribbon and opened His hand darted out eagerly then paused in midthe box. air. "I didn't want you to go to any trouble, F-Franny.

"Why, Ron Merriwether, it's the most gorgeous Or your mother, either."

orchid in the whole world."She swallowed. She "It was no trouble at all,"she said airily, taking a

and Mary Beth had priced orchids in the Bon Ton cookie herself.

just out of curiosity, and they'd agreed wistfully that Oops, the doorbell! Franny and Ron jumped simulorchids really weren't so wonderful at that price. taneously. Franny excused herself and began to

But now, actually having one—well, it was enough to lurch toward the hallway, remembering to slow down

make a girl change her mind, especially when she as she approached the door. But it wasn't easy. This

knew a boy must have saved his allowance for would be Buzzy, and how could she maintain her positively weeks to buy it for her. Golly! composure in front of him? That would be too much

"Do you really like it?"he asked. She could see to ask of any girl, especially if you'd always believed

he was controling his pride. he didn't notice you, and all of a sudden you discov-

"Like it! I just think it's the most sumptuous ered he knew just who you were and even paid atorchid in the world. Not that I've seen them all, of tention to your birthday.

course."The figure outside the door was too short to be

Ron sank into a chair in obvious relief and grinned Buzzy, a little too slight. She opened the door, and

sort of catlike. His face was regaining its normal there in a dark blue suit (as though he were already

color. on the way to the dance) stood a blond boy with

frightened gray eyes and a faint shadow above his "Just beautiful,"Franny repeated. She wasn't sure stiffly smiling lips. He was carrying a small oblongwhat else to say. There must be something.

package, which he abruptly thrust at Franny, almost

She couldn't ask about school. And she simply hitting her in the stomach.

couldn't blurt out, "Will you go to the dance with "Here,"he said, his voice leaping out of control, me?"He might feel he had to, and she didn't want his eyes focused on the orchid.

to force anyone to do anything. Besides, she wasn't "Come in, Arthur,"Franny said. "It's nice to see

sure. Not that she expected to be able to find the you."She hadn't seen him since social science class,

nerve to ask Buzzy to go with her. nearly two hours ago.

Finally she muttered hopefully, "Shall I get us Arthur paused. "I'd have got you flowers,"he said

some cookies—from the kitchen, that is?"uncertainly, wrenching his glance away from the

"That would be all right. If it isn't any trouble, orchid, "but, well, flowers die. I mean...."His

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA face glowed crimson. "Anyway, it's cologne; that's maybe I'll stay home and make fudge. But that

almost the same, vou know."wasn't accomplishing anything now, when she should

"I know,"said Franny. "Thank you."be a gracious hostess offering conversational tidbits.

She led him into the living room where Ron stood She tried to remember the name of the movie she stiffly at attention. and Mary Beth had seen two nights ago. Maybe

Franny said, "I believe you boys know each other."she could tell the boys about it.

She knew darned well they knew each other. Arthur Arthur's voice came out in a screech. "Aren'tcha

Martin sat directly in front of Ron Merriwether in gonna open it?"His eyes focused on the silvery

almost every class. parcel beside the cookie platter.

The boys sat down and took turns clearing their Franny took the small package and with great throats. Finally Arthur said, "I hope I didn't, uh, gentleness began to remove the shiny wrapping. "I

barge in on anything, er, private. I mean...."didn't know whether you'd be embarrassed, Arthur,

Both boys'faces reddened. Franny could not help if I opened it while you're right here."

feeling amused. Arthur shifted in his chair. It's all right... if it's

Arthur was struggling to extricate himself. "I mean, okay with you... and with Ron."

like doing homework together. I certainly... I was "Just fine with me,"said Ron, affecting unconcern.

passing by, that is....""I just love pretty wrappings,"Franny said effu-

"You were nice to stop,"Franny finally said. sively. "I save pretty ribbon and giftwrap papers.

"Spontaneously."She felt the stiffness of her smile. I think it's a shame to throw them away. Uh, that's

"How about another cookies, Arthur? Mother made why I unwrap things carefully, not that I get presents

them. She's awfully good at making cookies."all the time, you know."Finally she drew forth the

There was a long silence. Then very smoothly Ron box and from it a slim, prettilyfluted bottle.

said, "She certainly is."She studied the French words on the label, but

Arthur said, "Yes, sir."decided against trying to pronounce them aloud.

Franny glanced from Ron to Arthur. Her thoughts "All the way from France,"she exclaimed at last.

raced wildly. What's wrong with them? Why do "How exciting!"

they act as though they're in a dentist's waiting room? "Imported,"declared Arthur, his face reflecting the

It was never like this before. All the kids at school most devastating selfsatisfaction Franny had ever

were friendly, and when a crowd ate lunch in the beheld on a boy's face.

school cafeteria or crowded into a drugstore booth She felt a twinge of anger. Do I have to ask Arthur

after school to sip pop, the talk and laughter were to go to the dance since he spent so much monev, so thick that finally someone had to yell, "Hey, one she wondered. Should I want him to go with me,

at a time!"and someone else would laugh and pound just because of that?

the table, as if they were going to have parliaShe was still debating several moments later, when mentary procedure. the doorbell rang. Arthur, who was describing his

They'd all talked about school politics, sports, who encounter with the perfume saleslady, stopped in wanted this or that kind of job next summer, favorite midsentence.

teachers, favorite movie stars, favorite books; just Franny leaped to her feet. "'Scuse me,"she murabout anything. mured, and tried to leave the room casually.

Now, all of a sudden, awkwardness, hesitation, "Why, come in, Buzzy,"she said, as she opened silence, as though they were strangers. the screen door to the gangling darkhaired boy.

"Another cookie?"she asked weakly looking from Don't you be scared, too, she wanted to say. Not

one boy to the other. "There are plenty more in you. But she couldn't make a sound.

the kitchen.""Happy birthday, Franny,"he said in a hoarse

With a show of reluctance Ron reached toward whisper. "I hope you get everything you want."

the platter. "All right, but I don't wanna be a hog. They stood there a moment longer, silent and al-

... I mean...."most motionless, completely engulfed in their marArthur's arm shot out toward the cookies. "You velous embarrassment and exhilaration. He noticed

can't beat homemade...."me, Franny told herself, as she had earlier in the day.

Franny felt a sudden shiver. The spring dance At length she said in a voice so calm that she surwill be like this, she thought, except we won't have prised herself, "I'm glad you're here,"and led the

cookies to discuss. Maybe I won't ask anybody to go; way into the living {Continued on page 252)

APRIL 1961 229 CONDUCTEDThere's no place BY THE like home to UNIFIED CHURCH train prospective SCHOOL oiissioiicincs SYSTEM BY CHARLES R. HOBBS

PRINCIPAL. MACAO SEMINARY, MAIAD IDAHO -,'<> r

After thoroughly preparing the missionary lesson in enjoy blessings from the studentmissionary's experihis seminary class, Bill was assigned to go "as a ence. They receive of his testimony and teaching

stranger"to his own home, playing the role of a which in turn assists in the strengthening of their missionary representing the Church. He was to use own testimonies and in motivating them to religious

the missionary methods learned in his class to gain contemplation and good living. The family is brought

entrance into his home and to teach his family the unitedly to focus attention on subjects which stimulesson studied in class. His parents were previously late mutual endeavor towards living close to the Lord.

informed of his coming by a letter from the seminary Harmony in the home is increased.

instructor. Brother and Sister Bentley were requested Many are the advantages of such a program. Its

to play the role of "interested investigators"of the success, however, depends primarily on properly gospel; they were to assume that they had never seen manipulating the mechanics involved.

their son Bill. The young man was aware that his Recommended Age Groups, Classes, and Lessons

parents would be role playing along with him. He

This program is adaptable to classes other than in was also aware that, after his visit, Mom or Dad seminaries and institutes of religion. The program

would inform the teacher of his success as a student has been found effective with young people from missionary in order that he could receive credit for about sixteen to the early twenties who are living having filled his class assignment.

at home. However, these procedures, with proper

Advantages of Missionary Training in the Home supervision, may be practicable in the younger age groups and also with those living away from home.

"There's no place like home"... to train prospective

The most desirable lessons for the studentmissionary missionaries—-where young people of the Church, in

to teach in his home, in many cases, are those the their middle and late teens, can have the opportunity teacher feels are most significant to the student himto sprout their missionary wings. It is a logical place

for them to learn to teach from the scriptures and to self. Care must be taken to stay away from doctrines

and issues which cannot be clearly substantiated from experience periodically the responsibility of leadership the scriptures, which delve into the mysteries, or as witnesses to the truth. which might prove to be embarrassing to the student

Every parent and teacher in the Church should or his family. A few of the many appropriate misbe willing to offer such an opportunity to our youth.

sionary lessons are: the Godhead, apostasy, restoration,

What an asset such experiences would prove to be to coming forth of the Book of Mormon, faith, repentance, a young person who later stands to be called by the baptism, revelation, prayer, and the life of the

Lord to serve on a mission or to assume other Church

Prophet. In planning the studentmissionary program

responsibility. The greatest value, however, of this

the teacher might go through his lesson manual or program is the testimony a young person gains through supplement and choose a number of appropriate lesthe experience of playing the role of "defender of sons which the student can teach to his family. The

the truth."To carry out the assignment effectively,

teacher should not deviate from the prescribed lessons the girl or boy must study, search the scriptures, pray, of his course.

defend, feel the spirit of the gospel, and frequently bear his testimony. This procedure cannot help Letter to Parents

bringing spiritual benefits. After the teacher, with the student, has chosen the

The parents and other members of the family also lesson to which it is desired to apply the home teach230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing technique, he should prepare a letter to be sent "sister,"presenting lessons, memorizing scripture, home with each student a few days prior to the praying together, sharing testimonies, and choosing possible date for the cottage meeting. Students and their own companion with whom they are to study

parents should determine an agreeable evening for and work are exciting and stimulating experiences the meeting when the letter is presented. The time for young people.

set for the regular "home evening"may be ideal for As in the mission field, adherence to specified the meeting. The letter, signed by the teacher, exmethods and rules are vital to the happiness and

plains to the parents the nature of the class project. success of the studentmissionary and his contacts.

The family is requested to play the role of interested In the home teaching technique, the teacher may desire investigators who are seeking for the truth. They to set up a set of standards for his students. The

are to pretend, without being facetious, that they following rules are suggested:

have never before seen their son or heard his message. 1. Never attend cottage meetings without your

Included as part of the letter might be a short assigned companion who is of the same sex.

questionnaire requesting the response of the parents 2. Be wellgroomed and dressed for the cottage

to their son's or daughter's experience. Such quesmeetings.

tions might be included as: Did the studentmission- 3. Shake hands firmly with the investigator and

aries open and close the meeting with prayer? How introduce yourself and companion.

manvJ times did the studentmissionaries bear their 4. Smile—radiate real joy.

testimonies? Did the students teach you from the 5. Live worthy of your responsibility and pray

scriptures? Did they shake your hand firmly? Please often.

give suggestions or comments. 6. Be enthusiastic—be alive.

After the parents have completed the questionnaire 7. Give opening and closing prayers in the cottage

and signed their names, the son or daughter is to meetings.

return the letter to his or her instructor to receive 8. While presenting the lesson bear frequent and

sincere testimony after each idea and before going oncredit for completion of the assignment.

to the next point. For example, God the Father has

Preparing, in Class, for the Home Visit a body of flesh and bones, God the Father and Jesus

Before the students are sent to their homes to teach, Christ are separate Personages. To be effective the

they should study the lesson thoroughly in class. The testimonies should be short. Both companions should

instructor should present the selected lesson to his bear testimony to the principles taught.

students as though he were the studentmissionary 9. Teach the lesson with conviction and in simple

and they were his family. He should then give each terms. Use appropriate teaching aids.

student the opportunity to practise presenting the 10. Use the standard works for scriptural reference

lesson to his companion. Further, the pupils should or quote scriptures from memory to strengthen

be encouraged to use teaching aids in their presentathe lesson.

tions. An outstanding supplement for use by the There's no place like home to train prospective misteacher and student is "A Systematic Program for sionaries. Take it from Bill. He and Smithy had a

Teaching the Gospel."stimulating and rewarding experience in the Bentley

It is fun for students to play the role of missionaries. home and are looking forward to future visits with

Shaking hands, calling each other "brother"and both families.

APBIL 1961 231 Once again President David O. McKay has returned edifice that will be a credit to the Church, that will

to Europe: to the scenes of his first mission in Scotaccommodate those who are now seeking the truth

land, the land of his father's birth, and to the Welsh and about to join the Church. We bless you that you

birthplace of his mother. Once again he has remay be guided rightly in choosing a site....

turned to the continent where he was first known as While on that mission, President Kerr saw this

President McKay when he saw service as president blessing fulfilled. He was able to obtain the property

of the European missions of the Church. Once again for the Hyde Park Chapel, then an area which had

he and Sister McKay have spent another honeymoon been heavily bombed in World War II, not by purtogether. President McKay returned to the British chase, but by a twothousand-year lease. And former

Isles to dedicate a near milliondollar chapel in LonPresident Kerr was privileged to return to London to don, February 26, and to organize the London Stake witness this dedication.

of Zion. Some time ago, as the plans for the chapel dedica-

"There is a great need particularly in the great tion were made, President McKay invited one of his city of London for a chapel,"President McKay said favorite choral groups, the Singing Mothers, to send as he set Clifton G. M. Kerr apart as president of the a representative chorus to London. The Relief

British Mission on November 16, 1955, "a church Society of the Church responded by selecting more

PRESIDENT McKAY DEDICATES CHAPEL IN ENGLAND than a fiftyvoice choir, which departed from Salt which dictators or usurpers may not enter illegally...

Lake City, February 13, for London, to join their "Only by adherence to the fundamental principles conductor, Dr. Florence J. Madsen, who has been in of righteousness can peace come either to individuals

England since December rehearsing a chorus of about or nations....

two hundred Singing Mothers of the four missions of "Peace cannot be found in external things. It

the British Isles and the Manchester Stake. This great always comes from within...."

group of mothers, sisters in the bond of the gospel, In the dedicatory prayer President McKay besought sang at the chapel dedication Sunday, February 26, blessings for Queen Elizabeth, Prime Minister Harold and the next day the international singers began a Macmillan, and for members of the British Parliament tenday concert tour of the British Isles. who, he said, guide an enlightened government dediPresident McKay, Sister McKay, their son Dr. Edcated to freedom.

ward R. McKay, their daughter, Mrs. Conway A. "In this splendid building we shall pray that the

Ashton, Elder Hugh B. Brown of the Council of the rule of love may replace the rule of force."

Twelve and Mrs. Brown, Elder N. Eldon Tanner, President McKay dedicated a placque at the birthAssistant to the Council of the Twelve and Mrs. place of his mother, at Methyr Tydfil, GlamorganTanner, and A. Hamer Reiser, one of the secretaries shire, South Wales, before returning to Utah. He

to the First Presidency, formerly president of the arrived by air in Salt Lake City, March 4.

British Mission, and President Clifton G. M. Kerr, This was President McKay's ninth trip to Great

who succeeded him, departed from the Salt Lake Britain since he first entered that country in 1897 to

Airport, February 22. At that time President McKay serve his first mission for the Church.

said: "I have waited long for this opportunity and

deem it an honor to be making this trip. I am most

pleased with the growth of our Church in England.

This beautiful new chapel and the creation of a stake in London is sure to strengthen our endeavors there."Opposite page: President David O. McKay at the pulpit—

and inside view of Hyde Park Chapel; top: Singing Mothers

The party experienced a long delay in New York at the dedication; left, President McKay at pulpit; right exbecause of fog, but beginning six hours after his terior of Hyde Park Chapel.

arrival in London, the President was interviewed by members of the press and radio and television facilities. Here he outlined four fundamental differences

between the Church and other religious groups:

1. A belief in divine authority by direct revelation,

"which is a distinctive difference."

2. The organization of the Church with many holders of the priesthood and opportunities for service

and activity.

3. The principles of tithing and offerings, which he

explained in detail to his interviewers, makes possible the extensive building program that is carried on in

England and other parts of the world.

4. The eternal nature of the covenants and ceremonies which are essential principles for every man,

woman, and child in the world.

Sunday, February 26, the chapel, the focalpoint of this visit, was dedicated by President McKay. An

audience estimated at 1,400 filled the Hyde Park chapel and overflowed into an adjoining auditorium where closedcircuit television had been set up.

From President McKay's remarks we quote: "Since

man took his place upon the earth, peace has been among his noble aspirations. Associated with this

quest, he has sought individual freedom, freedom to speak, freedom to write his thoughts, freedom to work without restrictions or dictations, freedom to pray without molestation, and freedom to build a home in

APRIL 1961. Store Foods for Good Nutrition

ELNA MILLER. EXTENSION NUTRITIONIST UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY EXTENSION SERVICE

Any good plan for longtime storage of food is based Beef, veal, pork, lamb, poultry, fish, eggs on a good plan to meet your family's food needs As alternates, occasionally, dry beans, dry peas, every day. Keep in mind our "Daily Food Guide"as nuts

you make plans to store part of your food supply. Vegetable Fruit Group—Four or more servings

Make sure to include the recommended food from Include—A citrus fruit or other fruit or vegethese four groups as you plan, prepare, and serve the table rich in vitamin C

meals for your family each day. A darkgreen or deepyellow vegetable for vita-

1. Milk Group—Some milk for everyone: Children min A—at least every other day

—3 to 4 cups; Teens—4 or more cups; Adults—Other vegetables and fruits, including potatoes

2 or more cups. 4. Bread Cereal Group—-Four or more servings

2. Meat Group—Two or more servings Whole grain, enriched or restored

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PLAN FOR LONGTIME FOOD STORAGE conditions and readily undergo changes in flavor

What and how much food you put into storage and color if kept too long.

will depend on your individual storage facilities. Store CANNED EVAPORATED MILK

what is consistent with the space and the facilities you have available. Date your foods as you put them Store in as cool a place as possible. Do not freeze.

into storage. Use the oldest first and replace them so Turn the cans or case over every 30 days and use

the food can be kept as fresh as possible. the oldest first.

Plan your food storage to avoid both waste and Milk at 40 F. may be kept for a year without any

it longer.spoilage. Store only the kind and amounts of food apparent ill effects. Do not try to keep

that your family will normally eat. Too many people High temperatures in storage might cause fat separaare storing foods they might never use. tion and a strong flavor in the milk. A dark color

Remember, preserved foods will not keep indefinitedevelops as the storage period lengthens.

ly. Eventually they will deteriorate and become unfit If there has been any fat separation, a few vigorous

for use. Canned foods begin to lose their quality and shakes before opening will make it go back into a

flavor after the first year. Too many people are smooth solution that pours readily. Milk is not

putting foods into "dead storage,"with the thought spoiled even though it will not pour out easily or is they will still be good many years later. watery and lumpy.

Three foods which may be kept for more than a DRIED MILK year in "dead storage,"under the right conditions, are wheat, white sugar, and salt. Dried milk is one of the most difficult foods to

Keep a rotation system with ijour stored food. Date store. It will develop flavor and odor changes in

jars, cans, and packages as you put them into storage. storage if the moisture content is too high. Buy dried

Use foods from stored, supplies as needed each day. milk in moistureproof packages of the size and shape

Replace the foods on your next market day. With that will pass through the opening of a fivegallon

this plan, food does not get too old before it is used. square can. Storing the packages of milk in the can

Plan to use your stored foods before they are one will give the milk added protection from moisture year old. and damage in case of war or other destructive forces.

If you buy powdered milk in quantity, repackage

WHERE AND HOW TO STORE FOOD it in smaller containers that can be tightly closed to

An ideal but seldom available storage for preserved keep out the moisture. Use a size container that will

food is a room in the basement that is dry all seasons hold approximately one week's supply of powdered of the year, free from steam, hot water, and hotair milk. Glass jars or tightly closed cans are best for

pipes, and closed off from the rest of the house. Under this storage.

these conditions the average yearly temperature will Do not store powdered whole milk. The fat will go

be between 50 and 60 degrees F. Open the door to rancid too quickly. The fact that it does go rancid

this room only to remove food items. Exposure of so quickly is the reason why the powdered milk plants

cool canned goods to warm moist air may cause the process so little of it, and that usually on special cans to rust. Food in a can that has rusted may be orders for quick consumption.

good as long as there is no perforation of the can Nonfat dry milk stored at: 40F. should keep for

wall. If a basement room is not available, use a closet approximately 24 months; 70F. should keep for

on the north side of the house that can be closed off. approximately 12 months; 90F. should keep for approximately 3 months.

CANNED FRUITS, VEGETABLES, AND MEATS A practice which will keep the powdered milk in

Store only highquality canned goods. Avoid "barconstant rotation is one of mixing one part of recongain sales"where the canner or store owner unloads stituted powdered milk solution with one part of the

inferior merchandise or old stock. If food is in glass family's daily fresh milk. The resulting drink is highly

containers put a dark curtain over the shelves. acceptable as well as economical.

Most canned goods stored at 50 to 60 F. temperature will keep for one year with only slight losses DRIED EGGS

in vitamins and little change in color, flavor, and Keep dried eggs cold and dry in tightly closed texture. There is an appreciable loss of thiamin and glass or metal containers. Two tablespoons of dried

vitamin C as well as flavor and color changes in food egg and 2% tablespoons of water equal one egg.

stored above 80 F. Dried eggs kept at: 40 F. should keep approximately

Canned fruit juices are unstable under storage 12 months; 70 F. (Continued on page 254)

APRIL 1961 235 Preparation or Panic?

BY LLOYD R. HICKEN, M. D., second counselor, south davis stake presidency

What would you do if suddenly you were required You may be there! The victim may be one of your

to be the physician in your own home, or at a street very own dear ones! You, mother, father, brother, siscrossing, or up the canyon, or at a remote spot on a ter, or even a friend or stranger may be the only

lonely highway, or in a wilderness camp? Would you hope.

be frightened, or even hysterical; or would you have We often learn of calamities in large areas where

the presence of mind to apply a little common sense local medical facilities are overwhelmed for hours or in a critical situation? There are instantaneous emereven days. If medical care is to be had at all it will

gencies where a life is so perilously in the balance be by you or yours. Are you prepared with materials

from severe bleeding or lack of air supply that a few and knowhow, or would you be helpless and at the minutes means the difference between life and death. mercy of circumstance?

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In our homes where the safety and welfare of our water add Vz tsp. baking powder and 1 tsp.

loved ones now and in eternity is the supreme consalt to be administered in large quantities by cern, it is unforgivable neglect to fail to provide for mouth for shock and to forestall shock.

the exigencies of the often uncertain and unpredict- C. Aromatic spirits of ammonia—1 oz.—for an

able future. In a day of serious trouble, you, mother, inhalant stimulant.

or big brother or sister, or if at home, dad, the d. Paregoric 2—2 to 4 oz.—for nausea, vomiting,

guardian of the family, may be the only physician or and diarrhea. To be diluted and sweetened

first aider your family will know. and administered slowly in a dose varying

It is with these considerations in mind that a few from 10 drops for a small infant to 1 tsp. for

simple proposals for an inexpensive, durable first aid an adult.

kit for family preparedness are offered. May this be e. 1 bottle of aspirin (100) for pain and fever.

added to your welfare foodstore and to your youth f. One dozen tablets for severe pain 2.

spiritual and physical fitness program. 5. Miscellaneous

1. Container a. Consecrated oil—1 oz—to be used as the

50 caliber ammunition box—airtight, dustproof, Lord has indicated. Replace yearly.

light, and strong. Cost 25 to 755 at a war sur- b. Plain scissors—blunt points (or a pair of

plus outlet. bandage scissors).

2. Dressings c. Tongue blades—6—sterilized 1. Useful to ap-

1 sheet—sterilized1—to be cut according to the ply petrolatum or antibiotic ointment to

amount needed. burns and abrasions, and for cleaning foreign

1 small hand towel—folded for a bottom pad for material out of a wound.

the container. d. Safety pins (large)—1 dozen for fastening

t 2 dishtowels—36"square—for slings if folded in slings and dressings.

a triangle, or for stronger binding strips when e. Paper drinking cups—1 dozen.

cut. f. 2 eye droppers—for cleansing eye with weak

4 handkerchiefs—sterilized 1—for small wounds. salt solution described above, and for pare-

1 package of strip bandaids. goric.

1 roll of 1"adhesive tape for approximating g. Flashlight or small pen light and one set

lacerations and securing dressings. Replace of batteries. Do not keep batteries in flashyearly. light. Wrap each battery in separate plastic

3. Antiseptics or moisture proof wrapping.

a. 1 bar of soap—Dial soap or plain, unper- h. Plastic measuring spoons.

fumed, mild soap for washing skin about wounds. Pack all breakable items between dressing packages.

b. Zephiran 1:1000 (tinted) or Ceepryn-6 oz.—Splints for stabilizing fractures have not been infor skin antiseptic. cluded above because it is difficult to package a

c. 1 tube of antibiotic ointment (of your docsatisfactory splint for fractures of long bones. Howtor's selection) 2 for small burns and abraever, nonflexible material that can be used for this

sions. Replace yearly. purpose is almost universally available. Cardboard

d. 1 small bottle of 3% Hydrogen Peroxide—boxing is an example. It can be cut and folded to the

for wounds of the mouth and for cleansing size of the extremity and bound to it with cloth strips.

wounds. Replace yearly. Desirable supplement to the kit are two small

e. 1 small jar petrolatum jelly—sterilized 1—for brochures available at your local Civil Defense office

application to burned areas. or obtained from the US Government Printing Office,

4. Materials for preparing solutions and for pain Washington 25, D. C. These are: "First Aid"and

a. Water purification tablets—Halazone or Bur- "Ten for Survival."It is to be recommended that

soline (50 or 100). Follow directions on some member or members of the family take a regucontainer. larly scheduled Red Cross first aid course. First Aid,

b. Small package of baking powder a 240page book published by the American Red Cross

Small package of table salt—(To one quart can be had for 75 cents and is the standard textbook

in the field.

'Materials in strong can be paper wrapped or aluminum brown sterilized for sterilization 300and one hour in an foil Space does not permit elaboration of first aid oven at F. Repeat

threeevery months be obtained 2To fromif unopened.your physician by prescription at his option. methods. However a (Continued on page 251)

APRIL 1961 237 IN THEALONE He was a high school boy, working at Scout camp for

READ >T IN1961 the summer and proud of his independence. He

didn't want to sound mushy in the letter he was writing to the girl who lived next door but he did miss her and wanted her to know. After repeated

efforts, he finally mailed the letter in which he glowingly described the mountains and lakes, the forests and streams, the brilliant sun and the gigantic moon seemingly touching the towering peak—and said, "But,

you know, Margie, alone in the moonlight is better when you aren't."

In truth, alone in any satisfying circumstance, or viewing a stirring sight, or having a moving experience, or becoming acquainted with wonderful people is better when one isn't! All that is good and true

and beautiful and satisfying to the soul is infinitely more valuable and desirable when shared with those whom we love; which, in fact, increase with the sharing.

This principle has special meaning and relevance for those who learn the gospel, know the love of

God, and get the witness of his Divine Son. Perhaps

as well as any source, the Book of Mormon exemplifies this truth.

The Love of God In the marvelous vision recorded in 1 Nephi, Lehi follows the path which leads to the tree of life, which is a representation of the love of God, tastes the fruit of that tree and calls it 'most sweet, above all that I ever before tasted,"and testifies, "And as I partook of the fruit thereof it filled my soul with exceeding great joy."

Then follows Lehi's wonderful expression of the principle which every child of God must feel when he truly tastes the fruit of the gospel, knows its sweetness, and is filled with the joy of it:

"... wherefore, I began to be desirous that my

BY PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS

MOONLIGHT

family should partake of it also;"(See 1 Nephi

8:8-11.) And he immediately begins to look for his family to share the joy with them.

How many thousands of times has a father, mother, brother, sister, son, or daughter tasted the sweetness of the fruit and at once been moved with the burning desire that "my family should partake of it also"?

How many neighbors and true friends? How many

missionaries? How many converts? In the early

days of the Church the convert of one day became the missionary of the next, and under the stimulation of the same spirit that moved them in those days, the story is the same today. Converts season in the

Church a little time and then often depart to share with others of God's children, their brothers and sisters, the joy which has filled their souls. The receiving and sharing go on, the kingdom rolls forth,

the Spirit increases in the earth, the purposes of God for his children are being accomplished.

Enos Prays

There is further impressive expression of this principle and spirit in the Book of Mormon in the story of Enos, son of Jacob, and there is encouragement also, for earnest parents and teachers who have sought anxiously to teach the gospel to the young without much apparent immediate success. Jacob had taught

Enos "in the nurture and admonition of the Lord,"(Enos 1) but seemingly had not really reached his son. How unresponsive Enos had been to his father's

teaching, or how far from the truth in principle or conduct, or how long he took to get the desire to know for himself and to cry unto the Lord, we can only conjecture, but the story gives us warrant to suppose that Enos had been somewhat far from the faith. One day while (Continued on page 262)

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL

OF THE SEVENTY A. William Lund Assistant Church Historian For fifty years

BY ALBERT I. ZOBELL, JR.

RESEARCH EDITOR

April 1911—the Church historian's office were using known facets in the history of the Church, all with

steel pens and an occasional typewriter; today they needlesharp observation, are the usual in talking

are using electronic copying devices and electric with Brother Lund.

typewriters. The stakes of the Church numbered In 1928 his duties at the Church historian's office

less than sixtyfive, extending "from Canada on the were temporarily interrupted when he answered the north to Mexico on the south,"but now they number call of the First Presidency to preside over a mission more than 320, extending over both hemispheres. in a field old and fruitful for the Church. A member

The Church historian's office was quartered in the of the General Authorities had traditionally presided west part of what had once been the old George A. in the British Isles with jurisdiction over the other

Smith home (the site of the present Medical Arts mission presidents in Europe. The change was being

Building across the street from the Church Offices). made to give the British Mission a president of its

In 1917 the Church historian's office moved to the own, while a member of the Council of the Twelve then spacious, but now cramped, Church Administracontinued in administrative duties at the European tion Building at 47 East South Temple Street. headquarters. Brother Lund served as president in

From April 1911 to April 1961 there has been a Britain until 1932.

bridgespan of service by A. William Lund, Assistant Elder Lund for many years has been a director of

Church Historian. "Will,"as he is known to his the Genealogical Society, and since October 1940,

many friends, was first sustained in this position on has been a member of the Deseret Sunday School

April 9, 1911, at the eightyfirst annual general conUnion general board. In these assignments he has

ference of the Church, fifty golden years ago. traveled throughout the Church, aiding and counselHe was twentyfour then, with a completed mission ing the church membership.

to Great Britain and some three years experience as a member of the historian's office staff to qualify him. Brother Lund was ordained a patriarch on Febru-

F. Richards. was Elder George ary 21, 1943, He by One can only estimate the pages of proposed new

activity although this in 1949, he released frombooks dealing with Church history that he has read, still holds the office. As a younger man he served in amaking a kindly suggestion here, suggesting a deletion

there; or the number of inquiries he has answered by bishopric and as member of a high council.

personal letter in this time. He has a photographic Elder Lund married Josephine Brown in the Salt

mind for detail, and a memory that recalls not only Lake Temple after his return from the mission the desired fact, but also the place in which more field. He had just turned twentytwo. Four children,

information can be obtained. seven grandchildren, and two greatgrandchildren are

Only recently he told an informal group that had now in their family circle.

paused at the historian's office that he still had the As Brother Lund begins his second halfcentury as recipe for the making of a good, permanent ink, assistant Church historian, we wish him a full and suitable for keeping minutes and other records of continuing success, built upon a great foundation the Church. But stories, many dealing with littlethat he has helped to lay.

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The World

is so full

of a I number

of things

... of

peoples and

places;

art, music

and books;

of nature,

its marvels

and

beauties;

and of

work.

V* A<

/sd/s-A.!iWViAA s-sJVAm**W AVs

i S St I who am blind can give one

hint to those who see: Use your

eyes as if tomorrow you would "Suave politeness, temp'ring bigot zeal, 'I Believe'to 'one does feel.'"be stricken blind. And the Corrected

Knox same method can be applied "I am convinced that a vague good will is not a satisfactory substitute for a personal to the other senses. Hear the philosophy that is the result of a hard, hammering testing and tempering process. Men

... they music of voices, the song of a need to have their values explicit

need to be able to say 'I believe'and then to put into words what it is they believe."

bird, the mighty strains of an Teele

orchestra, as if you would be "Aggressive fighting for the right is the noblest sport this world affords."

stricken deaf tomorrow. Touch Theodore Roosevelt

each object as if tomorrow

I visited an Arizona college your tactile sense would fail. Several years ago

campus during a "Religious Emphasis Week."My

Smell the perfume of flowers, assignment was to speak at the opening studentfaculty assembly on the theme of the week, which was "Something Missing."As I walked through the

taste with relish each morsel, student union building just before the meeting, pondering the subject I was to discuss, I stopped before as if tomorrow you could never

smell and taste again. Make

the most of every sense; glory

and beauty which the world

in all the facets of pleasure

reveals to you through the several means of contact which 1 I* m Nature provides. But of all the

* * ** 9 ** senses, I am sure that sight is m the most delightful. 4 m *

- If I Had Three Days To See, by Helen

Keller, page 12. Reprinted at the Utah

Schoolfor the Deaf, Salt Lake City. 1939. A notice to

anyone inter- a bulletin board on which were listed announcements to our Church and communities and countries, to the and advertisements by the students. One of them world. There is purpose in our creation and our

caught my eye. It read as follows: mortal experience.

How important it is to every one of us, young

FOR SALE and old, to learn and accomplish the purposes of our 1929 Ford lives, how vital that we fulfil the measure of our

Two Door Sedan creation, how critical our need for strength and

Nice Body and Fenders motivation and direction from the great Source of

NO ENGINE power. It is not enough to look good, to seem to be

$20.00 worthwhile, to sit idly by, to exist, when we could

See Bob D. live and move and find joy doing work and giving

I knew at once that I had the keynote for my service worthy of sons and daughters of God.

talk on the theme "Something Missing!"This "for "Suave politeness,"lacking conviction and courage,

sale"automobile existed, it looked good, compared is not virtuous; a "vague goodwill"will not suffice

with others of similar vintage and description, it the needs of mankind. Men are needed to whom

seemed useful and desirable. But, in fact, it was conviction means more than comfort or convenience

neither useful nor valuable. It lacked the one inor acceptance by others. Before each human being

dispensable element which could have given its is the challenge to learn the truth, to be able to existence real meaning. It had no motivating power. communicate clearly and courageously what it is

It was created to move, to function, to fulfil a purhe believes, to live and act and think according to pose, but as it now stood it was failing to satisfy the his convictions, and to serve loyally and aggressively reasons for its being. in the fight for right.

We, too, have a reason for being. Our lives have To those who accept the challenge there will not

meaning and infinite value to him who is our Eternal be, here or hereafter, "Something Missing."

Father. We are important to our families and others, BY MARION D. HANKS

-VVesft- c

"One of the differences between beefsteak and Beethoven is that, when you've eaten the beefsteak, your plate is bare; when

you've partaken of Beethoven, there's more Beethoven than you had before. It's the modern miracle of the loaves and fishes. These

loaves and fishes come back to you in so many forms."

Channing Pollock

MUSIC... AND THE WELLTEMPERED TEEN

One teen's music is another teen's time to take a walk in the open air.

This assumption, hardly original but nevertheless potent, always provides teens a springboard for a lively discussion of the merits of socalled "classic"and "popular"music.

The debate always embraces all sorts of questions—aesthetic, moral, and even

political. But doesn't one answer to the problem of what music to listen to lie

in that unaesthetic device called compromise—that is, listening and learning to

enjoy all kinds?

Popular music appeals to the popular.

And because it is easy to listen, sing, and dance to, some teens, unfortunately, never exercise their listening and concentration muscles and learn to enjoy more complex music.

How impoverished is the teen who does not, or will not, listen to anything but the simple tunes on the "hit parade."Because one can get too much of the familiar

as well as too much of the unfamiliar, we offer our compromise. Might one's

listening time be divided in three, but unequal, ways: A big third listening to the top

hits of the day (the baby's food, milk); a smaller third to melodious light classics

(the mashed potatoes); and the smallest third to the musical Vitamin "Three B's"—

Bach, Beethoven, Brahms (the real beefsteak of the musical diet)?

In a word, whether or not your musical twain shall ever meet for you depends on how much you will expose yourself to all music, not just one kind.

Music is not only a form of enjoyment, but also it can and should be an emotional, intellectual, or spiritual experience in which everyone can have his part, ll from the leading soloist in the Tabernacle choir to the humblest child singing inJunior Sunday School. BY HAROLD LUNDSTROM 1ft

Harold Lundstrom is the knowledgeable music critic of the "Deseret News."Harold knows music

as few others do, as an expert performer, composer, and critic. His family of teens have

made sure that his education in music includes the contemporary clatter. You'll enjoy his suggestions about getting to know all kinds

of music.

VICTORIAArxfft CinvtemDEcomfciofngLOS ANGEIES/NICOIAIshe Orcltwtrrf 3i*i CiwrtwGEDDA.'BQRISof It* ] hweff N-monalCHRISTOFFtie tOpera

Gounod rm v <& FAUST

s,

@)oVi9 WHY PAINTING?

Have you ever stopped to realize how little one man can control any one thing? If you are a member of an athletic

team you work as part of a group effort. Scientific research

generally consists in dealing with an aspect of a greater problem.

And the theoretical scientist depends on others to conclude his initial theories. Even in the arts, the composer must find his

orchestra and the playwright his producer.

But the painter is the beginning and the end of his conceptions. Given colors and canvas he may give complete, unmodified expression to his innermost ideals, hatreds, loves, or

fears. I think this above all other considerations makes painting

of special interest to its public. And by "its public"I mean those

who love painting.

By his choice of subject matter, or the absence of it, the colors, lines, and shapes he chooses to use, and the manner in which he combines all of the complexities of his craft... the

painter succeeds in revealing himself. True, he may tell us a

great deal about his subject matter, but, more profoundly, he tells us about himself. The same tree painted by a Rembrandt

becomes an entirely different experience when painted by a @M8fcel 1Z>uchamp

Van Gogh. Why? Because each artist sees his subject matter

through his own temperament. And we see this temperament

or personal way of feeling and expressing revealed in the artist's special way of handling color and form. Therefore, to

the person who learns to love painting by learning to understand the artist's meaning through his color and form, painting becomes a great adventure... an opportunity to confront

great personalities, exciting points of view, and new ways of seeing familiar things. Paintings are no longer judged by a Wm>lflwfl0mer

simple, "I like it,"or "I don't like it,"but rather as a revelation of a personality and his special way of viewing his and, possibly, our world.

I view painting, then, with a great sense of adventureone man, facing a white canvas, with nothing but his limitations of skill, insight, and profundity separating him from his opportunity for greatness! by v. DOUGLAS SNOW

V. Douglas Snow is an Associate Professor

of Art at the University of Utah. He is a

nationally celebrated young painter—currently affiliated with the Feingarten Gallery

in New York City where he has a one man exhibition opening April 25th. His

work, which has been purchased by major

U.S. museums was recently reviewed in a

Life Magazine article on important western painters. He, his wife Ginny (a talented Vincent \l$r\ Qoah

designer) and their 2 children live in Salt

Lake City.

"Do you want to swing on a star? Carry moonmination or let's probe the reasoning of history's

beams home in a jar? And be better off than you great men.

are? Or would you rather be a mule?"These jivey fn other words, let's read! Mountains and minds

lyrics describe teentickings. Mules? No! It's to do are conquerable within books. Therein ideas and

or be or see something unusual. experiences will compel, inspire, or even repel.

Well, let's. Let's read! Let's "swing on a star,"or Try your ambitions through books first to save

gaze at a mountain panotime and/or failure. Thus choose and discard, or

LET'S LIVE musclesrama, breathknotting. shortLet's andlick reaffirmpurpose andand dynamicsstrengthento fondformeraspirations.fancies, and add

saltand-sunparched lips Caution: Be discriminating. Time is too precious

while to survive on ocean we waste on bad reading; Teachers and librariansTHOSE DREAMS

raft or dive to are sea into murky good guides—as well as parents, reputable book

unlock knowledge from its dealers, and magazines of high principles.

secret depths. Let's live in a teeming anthill or watch Resolve to recapture that elusive imagination.

the ingenious wasp paralyze a live caterpillar so that Couple it with enthusiastic, careful reading to enrich newly hatched young might feed. hobbies, console moods, animate dreams, bring

Let's pull a timemachine switch and join Jefferson adventure to life.

as he grapples for words adequate to declare indeYou'll be swinging on a star, and you'll be better pendence, or let's race Russia to the moon. Let's than you are!

suffer youthful turmoils as we hide from Nazi exterBY DONNA TOLAND SMART

SUGGESTED BOOKS

o

Battles Naval and Heroes, The Story of Yankee

Whaling, Indians of the Plains, in ANDERS Railroads the Days of Steam, Men of Science and Invention, Discoverers of the New World, Thomas

Jefferson and His World, all part of American Heritage Junior Library d

Triumph over Odds, J. Donald Adams, editor The Diary of Anne Frank, Doubleday m

Mathematical Puzzles and Diversions, Martin

Gardner *h Encyclopedia of Sports, Frank G. Menke

Chess in a Nutshell, Fred Reinfeld

Kon Tiki, Thor Hyerdahl Handcarts to Zion, (Far West and Rockies series,

LeRoy R. and Ann W. Hafen) *>

The Best of the American Cowboy, Ramon F. o

Adams, Ed.

THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF WORK

What a wonderful world—the world of work! There through and beyond high school is steadily increasing

is a thrill in work, when you like what you are doing while the demand for those without training beyond and when you do it well. The great things and the high school is on the wane?

useful things we have and enjoy in all fields have What will you choose for your life's work? We are

been provided by people at work. Whether you are told that the trend for rapid growth is to be in the

a skilled surgeon, a precise machinist, an effective professional and technical occupations such as teachteacher, a capable musician, or a good baker there ing, medicine, engineering, science, electronics, etc.

is great satisfaction in excellence and in service. This These professions will be followed in growth by inis especially true in connection with your life's work. creased opportunity in the business occupations. The

Major changes are occurring in America's occupademand for farmers and laborers is due to decline.

tional structure. A few years ago, we looked back Whatever you and those about you do, our needs

on the gay nineties and smiled. They had no autos, and our comforts are provided through our work and

movies, refrigerators, or airplanes. Even now we that of others. The nurses, shoemakers, printers,

may look back on the "modern thirties"the same miners, writers, bankers, fishermen, photographers, way, for then we had no television, wonder drugs, watchmakers, lawyers, accountants, policemen, farmrockets, or computors. In the future the changes will ers, and many, many others each live in a special

be as dynamic as in the past, and our children may and interesting world, and each contributes his share well smile at the antiquity of our day. to the world's progress and to the comfort of its people.

Did you know there are approximately 30,000 Whatever your age, 'twixt twelve and twenty, you different occupations, that more than two and oneshould be giving some serious thought to your world half million young people will begin their careers of work, now and in the future. BY KEITH DUFF1N

in 1961, and that demand for people with training Keith Duffin is Director of Placement at Brigham

Young University, and has served during the past year as President of ihe National College

Placement Council. He's an expert in the vital

world of work and job placement, and in this article shares some of his vast experience in this field with Era of Youth readers.

Sweden -wce?Uer#

... rather see the wonders of the world abroad, than, living dully

sluggardized at home, wear out thy youth with shapeless idleness

Shakespeare

OF PEOPLE AND PLACES

And perhaps the greatest wonder of the world is scene in Belgium until a couple marries. Australian

its people. Consider the manymindedness, the many teens don't have chaperones after fourteen or fifteen,

faces of them. Until such time as you teens can see but they do have to have parental permission for

other people and other places for yourself, as Shakeall their activities until their very late teens. In Korea,

speare suggested, herewith something to whet your teen socials are unheard of. Marriage is arranged

wanderlust, to enlarge your scope of the farreaching by parents. In Kiel in Northern Germany there is a

effects of the Church. special section of town supervised by police where

LDS youth the world over have reported some inteens are allowed to meet.

teresting facts. We've learned that though home In the matter of cars, American teens seem to have

addresses, national anthems, and dating customs may a premium on them—and the problems that go along

vary, the warmth and worth among these teens does with them. In other countries having a car is so

not. Disappointments and dreams are no respecters unusual that they aren't even considered necessary

of nationalities! Being young wherever you are is to a good time. In New Zealand teens ride push

marked by parties, school carts or walk... in Switzerland they hop aboard

events, pretty clothes, and one of their innumerable trains... England teens bike

family affairs. LDS youth or bus it to their fun spots... in Denmark half the

everywhere who love truth, fun of going is getting there on their bicycles...

put emphasis on their Swedish youth double up on motor bikes or ride lofty hopes for the future, the tram for social outings.

on increasing their testiParents aren't problems outside of America. They're

monies, and on laying allpowerful. Their wishes are respected. American

plans to serve their felteens have more freedom, more opportunities for low men. social experience, and a more equal relationship

We note some differwith their parents.

ences, too. They listen to the radio, like American jazz, but

/Vewealanj In dating, for instance. are shocked at our comic books as a steady teen

In Peru, teentime fun is reading diet. They speak more languages, know

on a family basis. Twomore about good music, and go to school longer

somes are usually threethan US teens.

somes because a chaperone Through it all the great unifying influence of the from the girl's family goes gospel is at work, broadening our understanding of along on any jaunts away each other, giving us more in common as we sing from the home parlor! the same hymns, learn the same lessons, and particiChaperones are on the pate in the same programs. BY ELAINE CANNON

Margaret Browne WHEN I'M A TEEN 12 years old Charleston, West Virginia Many teens are confronted with the friends, my teen years can be the problem of whom to have as friends. happiest period of my life. With

Since I will soon be a teen, it is imthis in mind I am going to try my best portant for me to have friends with to make them so. It's true that in

the same ideals I have. The meaning teen years I may get the "blues, "but

of ideal is, "of or pertaining to an if I participate in wholesome activiideal or perfection of kind; existties with my friends and keep busy,

ing as a perfect exemplar."Some of I'll feel much better. In junior

my ideals pertain to being a friend high school, I have plenty of people of everyone, having lots of fun and to choose friends from, and if they dating in my teens, and also when I have the same ideals I do, most likely am old enough, finding the right perthey will be some of the best friends son to marry in the temple. I make in my life. The same holds true

With this in mind, should I parfor senior high school and college.

ticipate in the activities of those When I am married, I should have whose ideals are to narrow their many lifelong friends, if I hold to friends down to only a few, or those my standards.

with poor ideals? Now, shouldn't we all have high

No! I want friends with ideals ideals and make friends with those

such as mine. If I strive to find such who have them, too?

GOOD ADVICE... from the creative

mind of fifteenyear-old Rauna Lynne

Allred, Fairview, Wyoming.

TEEN COMMANDMENTS

1. Stop and think—then don't drink.

2. Don't let the parents down who

brought you up.

3. Be humble enough to obey. You

will be giving orders yourself someday. 4. At the first moment turn away

from unclean thinking.

5. Don't show off driving. If you

GETTING TO KNOW... Linda Brown is a want to race, go to Indianapolis.

pleasure. She's won fame as a vio- 6. Choose a date who would make a

linist since she turned six years good mate.

old, varying her concert appearances 7. Go to church faithfully. The

from a Mozart concerto with the Creator gives you the week. Give

Downey Symphony Orchestra to a twohim back a day.

week run at the Greek Theater in Los 8. Choose your companions carefulAngeles with violinist Jack Benny! ly. You tend to be influenced

At church affairs she is a favorite by them.

entertainer. This senior high stu- 9. Avoid following the crowd. Be

dent is an active member of the Downey an engine not a caboose.

Third Ward, Huntington Park Stake 10. Or even better, keep the original 'G.d

in California. Ten Commandments.

THOUGHTS FOR YOUR INSPIRATIONAL TALK

"Easter

: *;.:..:..:.,;..: ".:,"Z\.3; CZ3 ESI Elm W3m HI IS 38 Isy,.;.,,,-........;:...:;,.;,;.

We believe that we are immortal beings. We

of the dead, resurrection and in thebelieve significant hisin event most The all human to the grave forth fromthat as Jesus came tory, of the discovery the on was empty tomb life, spirit uniting his andeverlasting body first that the of the week, day I memorable when so has he to be separated, neveragain more to the eternal of millions yearning of answer

i of m for daughter son every andopened the way souls in given the immortal testimony: was "Ye

forth living or dead, to come whetherAdam, of seek Nazareth, Jesus which was crucified:

of life, to become grave to a newnessfrom the is risen: he is not here; the place behold He

immortal souls, body and spirit united, never where they laid him."

more.to be severed any—President David O. McKay—President Joseph F. Smith

Era, May 1903 (6:505)

It is written that the greatest gift God can In the end of the Sabbath, as it began to bestow upon man is the gift of eternal life.... dawn toward the first day of the week, came

We have the words of eternal life given to us Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary to see through the gospel, which, if we obey, will the sepulchre.

secure unto us that precious gift. And behold, there was a great earthquake:

—President Brigham Young for the angel of the Lord descended from

rolled back the stone and came and JD 8:7 (March 4, 1860) heaven, sat door, upon it. and from the

His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:...

King our glorious againLives the unto angel and said answered And the

Where, is now thy O death, that ye seek not ye: for I know Fear sting? woman,

Once he died our souls to save; Jesus, which was crucified.

Where thy victory, O grave? He is not here: for he is risen, as he said.—Charles Wesley Lord lay. Come, see the place where the

"Christ the Lord is Risen Today"28:1-6. -Matthew

In 1956 a guide in the Holy Land led the And now, after the many testimonies which late Elder Adam S. Bennion to the tomb have been given of him, this is the testimony,

belonging to Joseph of Arimathaea in the days last of all, which we give of him: That he lives!

when Jesus lived and in which Jesus was enFor we saw him, even on the right hand of tombed after the crucifixion. As the guide God; and we heard the voice bearing record

stood there he said: "There are many tombs that he is the Only Begotten of the Fatherof great men to be found all over the earth, That by him, and through him, and of him,

but this one is different from any of the others—the worlds are and were created, and the inthis one is empty!"habitants thereof are begotten sons and daugh-

—Elder Harold B. Lee speaking at ters unto God.

Elder Adam S. Bennion's funeral. -D&C 76:2224.

am

B--

V*T.... *S.;'

W

''rfB&Sfc

r-afe'

rf*

The spring hunt in the Sawtooth range was a

Bffils very special affair, and it was a compliment to be invited. Uncle Jonathan headed the party,

which included one or two very fine hunters,

Aunt Martha, who stayed in camp to do the cooking, and Toma, the halfbreed guide. Bob

and Joan Carsey, recently married, were elated to be asked to join the hunt. Bob had a fine

rifle; Joan took a camera. - She said it was

harder to get a bighorn that way than with a

rifle.

The heavy cattle truck carried the horses; the

hunters rode in the station wagon, and Bob and >i> Joan brought the camping equipment in a pick-.foam? up truck. They pitched camp on a small stream

at the foot of a high range topped by great, gray cliffs rising three or four hundred feet without a break. South of the camp, the hills rose and

fell leaving sharp jutting ledges at many angles.

Farther west a great escarpment had slashed, -i a wide path for a mile through the timber.

—.*v These were their hunting grounds.

During the evening by the campfire they is ssc made plans for the following days. The men

r..—..i-.>-<-':.-i''1.-*,. SS - '-* -"".-..*>, would cover the rough country to the south

and west. Bob and Joan would work toward

the high cliffs, go south along their base and meet the others. The following day the party

could divide again and come back down each side of the escarpment.

..rjxjswL—fi.-.Ji-"..?.'.: -;-. r.'if "An'she starts to snow,"said Toma, "you

come to camp now!"

'*, Snow was unlikely this late but Toma had

.-.v-r'V'i"'3!

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J

Author, Douglas Brian tells of an unexpected crisis met by newlyweds Bob and Joan and of Hidden Treasures

been in these mountains for many years and knew two were again pushing their way through the heavy what a late flurry could mean. brush. About two o'clock they came out on a wide

"Remember,"warned Toma, "if you see one little mesa. Here the ground was grassy between patches

snowflake, even if a big buck is sitting at the very end of melted snow and almost clear of brush. Beyond

of your gun, you let him sit there and you come was a broken line of short timber and above that the down from mountain quick!"towering cliffs. Joan's eyes were shining at the sight

At dawn there was a grand rush getting ready to of the panorama. She stopped and sat sideways in

start. Toma was going south with the men. the saddle, looking it over.

"You will be all right up there,"he said to the "Why couldn't we ride across this flat country and newlyweds, "because you can see the camp every time camp in those tall pines at the other end?"

you go over the top of a hill. All you have to know "That would be contrary to our plans,"said Bob,

is up and down.""but I guess it would be all right. It's only four or

"Do you think he can protect me?"said Joan glancfive miles. We can still get to the 'scarp'by early

ing admiringly at Bob. afternoon tomorrow."

"Don't worry about us,"said Bob, "Why with TickAnd so they rode leisurely to the north. They made

licker here,"and he patted his rifle, "it's just like being camp by a spring in a clump of tall pines. The spring

with Daniel 'Boom'himself."was nothing more than a tiny pool in some rocks,

"Ticklicker, she is a good rifle,"said Toma, "but but the water was clear and cold. They could see

remember you can't use him for snowshoes."the cliffs and the sky through breaks in the high

Sunrise found Bob and Joan slowly picking their arched roof. The horses were hobbled and turned out

way through the thick brush of the foothills. The to graze. In the evening they watched the sun turn

cliffs seemed close enough to camp but by noon they the peaks to scarlet; and as the black shadows crept

didn't look much closer. The two made a small fire closer, they sat by a fire and talked of plans for the

and prepared a lunch while the horses rested. future. Hunting was only casually mentioned. They

"It's just like a honeymoon,"said Joan. "I believe talked of their recent wedding and their work in the

Toma arranged it this way purposely."Church. Joan occasionally glanced at the black

"If he did he's a smart man,"said Bob. "How do shadows in the forest.

you like your bacon?""Afraid?"asked Bob.

"Inside of me,"giggled Joan. "I can hardly wait to "How could I be, when I'm camping with Daniel

get up in the pines."Boone himself?"

"And I can hardly wait to get above the pines. That's Their sleepingbags were arranged with a canopy

where the hunting starts."over their heads to keep the twigs and pine needles

With the noon rest over and the horses saddled, the from falling into their (Continued on page 248)

APRIL 1961 243:?: a...... finish, forgot!

Considerably later, I found him patiently standing awaiting my convenience in helping him! I received

no rebuke.

Tuesday and Wednesday he was left too much to his own originality as I prepared a dinner for guests.

Woefully, I recall how little attention I gave to his pretend games. His enthusiasm for having company,

as demonstrated by his happy anticipation, his desire to help, and his genuine welcoming of the guests, drooped when I unthinkingly reprimanded him twice in their presence. Children must be born with a

willingness to forgive parents. "Every day is a

new beginning."

Thursday morning we awoke to find a twelveinch snow. Together we went for a waddle along

unscooped sidewalks. First, he followed my wideapart steps by jumping, then I toejumped along his

littlechild steps. "I love you, Mother,"he exclaimed

frequently. We came upon a sidewalk in front of

the home for the aged that was cleared of snow. It PROFESSOR BY was a wide walk, and an old man was just completMARY E. ing the shoveling at the far end. Billy's cheery

LOCKHART voice chimed out in the snowy stillness, BILLY "Well, it looks like you've been doing quite a lot ho were on the earth before the flood?"my fouryear-old of work!"

Surely, no little boy had spoken to this aged inmate laughed, time, a long then and laughed for he asked me Monday morning as! leaned across a in quite "Yes, declared, doing been I have a bit of work

butcher's counter to observe the quality of the lamb this morning!"He chuckled his slow way into a

chops. Apparently, that little chorus Billy sings in side entrance, turning at the last moment to smile

Sunday School about "God Is Good"was clashing in once more at a little child whose friendliness and his childish mind with the story of the flood which I appreciation had almost overcome him.

read to him from his Bible storybook. Thursday evening found us arbitrating an issue

"If God is good, then why did he make all those and ending in a compromise. In exchange for letting

bad people?"me shampoo his hair and cut his toenails, I allowed

He pressed me for an answer as I pretended further him to put on fingernail polish.

interest in the meat while grappling with this unexFriday morning we made a snowgirl from the pected bit of profundity. No one receiving a college wonderful, moist snow. Perhaps he pretended she

degree called "preparation for rearing children,"after was his sister as he patted her on the shoulder and ranging through all departments of the university, whispered affectionately in her ear.

would be prepared to answer adequately all the quesSaturday began with a painful tragedy when an tions nor cope with all the situations arising in one older boy, laughing coarsely, removed the snowgirl's week with a fouryear-old. The problems dealing head and carried it home under his arm. She was a

with humanities, nature, love, fears, patience, and "real"friend to Billy, and I doubt if anyone really obedience run into infinity. As I sit here reliving the understood the depth of his hurt. But a child's

experiences of the past week, I am pondering the ability to forgive came through, and by afternoon interchanging of learning. Did I learn more from he was happy again. As we walked down to the

my son than he learned from me? square for groceries hand in hand, he looked up at

On Monday he happily washed our handkerchiefs me and said, "We're pals, aren't we?"

in his toy washing machine as I performed the usual Passing a flower stand near the grocery departfamily task. He successfully fastened one end of the ment, he begged, "Mother, I want a flower."

small line I gave him but called me to help tie the Well, what is food when a soul is hungering for other end "'cause I don't know how to make a knot."a flower and its fragrance in the midst of winter?

"In a minute,"I promised, and in my rush to He joyfully (Continued on page 264)

APRIL 1961 245 THIS OLD HOUSE BY FLORENCE DOYLE PUTT

"It's a splendid offer—we'll never get a better one. every blade of grass that came up in the yard. The

What do you think of it, Mom? We could rebuild seven sugar maples which shaded it were only five

in Florida, now that I'm retired. Easier for you, and now; wind and storms had taken their toll, but they

I could quit tending furnace and shoveling snow."still sheltered the whole place. And the everchanging

What did Mom think of it? Didn't Dad know after river at their back door—the river where all the

thirtynine years in this house? Dad did. That's the children had learned to swim, almost before learning

reason the speech was so long. They had bought it to walk, and had grown up like the ducks which came

the first year they were married. It hadn't been much to rest on the riffles when all else was frozen! How

of a house then. They had bought the site, really. many springs had she watched them from her kitchen

But the house was sturdy, had already weathered a window and felt the promise of the renewing year century before they came along. Huge blocks of in her heart?

native stone and handhewn log beams ( the bark still "It isn't as if the children needed our home anyclung to some of them in the cellar) supported the more,"Dad went on. Yes, they were grown and

walls, of which a carpenter once said, "You could scattered to the four winds. Nan in California, Dan

tear down three of them, and the fourth would in Florida, Lorna in New York, and Rick in Denver—

still stand."and John buried in France. From this house too had

They had built themselves into it, Dad doing much been carried the tiny white casket of the baby they of the work himself. The little tight staircase was lost with pneumonia, in the days before penicillin.

now a graceful open one; the fireplace room had The crib was still in the attic where it was handy

bookshelves to the ceiling with bunk beds for the for visiting grandchildren to use. They had all been

boys. Mom's dressing table under the window had born in that sunny room upstairs that looked out

been Dad's birthday present to her one year. But into the treetops. No hospital babies, hers! She had

the twofoot-white wood planks still formed a dado cared for them herself. Her only respite in those

with chair rail atop. The old colonial lines of the busy days were the moments when she dropped into

doorway were the same. It was a little crooked; the low rocker to nurse and love the littlest one.

window heights varied. The floors weren't good. How often had she gone into that little room

They showed worn spots and cracks between the under the eaves to lay her hand gently on a curly irregular length boards. Dad had always wanted to head and wake the sleeper. He never awoke in a

cover them with new flooring, but there hadn't been surly mood, but always gave her a sleepy smile—now

money enough when the children were growing up, he slept so far away. She could see him now standing

and since then, it had not seemed necessary. Her in the doorway with shiny new wings and lieutenant's

handhooked rugs seemed to belong to that kind of bars, as he left after his last furlough. It had been the

floor, anyway. She knew only constant care, and Fourth of July. They had gone to the airport with

paint kept it from being shabby. him. She had kissed him through the gate and

But the site was as lovely as ever. This had been watched him fly away into the blue. Sometimes she

Mom's first and only real home, and she had loved would see him as a little (Continued on page 256) fiST

JfysJf S

#/ffh *—..*. -..*. **.—'t *

. -%.l -v r

/ J r.

-4 (-A\

<-.- "#*"&***** 1 Hidden Treasures "Is breakfast ready, Mr. Boone?"together and see what we can eat

"It's snowing, honey. Maybe we cold. I'll go and try to find the

ought to get moving?"horses."Bob looked very serious as

(Continued from page 243) Under the pines the snow was not he spoke. "Don't worry, dear. The

very deep—just enough to make horses can make it in a short time

faces. They went to sleep early to everything wet as soon as it was going down. Try to keep as dry as

the sound of a breeze in the tops of touched—but out in the open there you can."

the pines. was already a thick blanket. Joan set about rolling up the bags

When Bob awoke he sat up quick- "How could the snow get so deep and putting the cooking kit together.

ly but recoiled as though he had in a few hours?"said Joan. Bob went out into the snow. When

been struck. A gust of wind whipped "We're not in town now,"said he got to the place where he expected

a cloud of soft snow into his face. Bob. "This high up—it could snow the horses to be, there was no track

He cautiously moved the canopy, two or three feet in a day."or sign of them. A half hour of

flipped the top of his sleepingbag The snow was falling so fast that search proved fruitless. He started

back, and began to put on his shoes. it was impossible to see more than back to camp but could no longer

Joan heard him and spoke without a hundred feet. see the trees. He was afraid to go

moving. "Maybe you'd better get things too far lest he be going in the wrong

direction. He whistled long and

shrill. No answer. After following

his own track for another ten minutes he whistled again. He thought

he heard a faint "Yoohoo"from the

The personto-person equation left.the pines.He turnedJoan andwas beforecrying longsoftlysawas

Bob came into camp. He took her

RICHARD l. EVANS into his arms.

"It's terrible, sweetheart, but I find can't horses. the probThey've

life of tend increasingly organized our In way we started of ably the snow."out down institutionalize to classify problems, to people and

rifle slid the under and camera He rules regulations. all service, set to and many up THE the flaps the sleepingbags and on SPOKEN this departmentalizacalled in could be what And put highest the branches on them WORD to qualify of tion problems, under people have what

reach. saddles could and he The rigid to before they requirements can sometimes might be seem

driest in other things the were hung plans judgprograms. benefit Because and from particular human possible places.

variable, are so complex, is so problems and because ment human "Can't we even take the rifle or my categories, effort definable within has to organized somewhat come camera?"asked Joan.

is this, in All certain a measure, procedures. within somewhat

all not. better the Take "We'd

let of services so. necessarily organizing the shouldn't But we pockets. food your can in you We responsibility isolate of sense personal find a us a from when we later."things for these can back come

is all in matters, routine right theory need. personal Routine and

as face grave very Bob's he was is it real all real right a with person a works—but when when

is falling her. talked to "The snow

is obvious, presents himself, evident the and need problem when fast, there's so so wind and much to, scarcely personally appealed can been have and we when we they'll the to track able never be to that referring rule says quiet conscience a such under and by look to horses, they think won't and is ill? qualify. section a cannot a Suppose Suppose such you man for us here. think over we're They

is is lost? injured the of help the needs a child someone and Suppose

it scarp. to the We'll have make by first are in appears. times personal person a There when, way, who

clauses to set aside the excluding have and simply alone."and qualifying we "How can we ever wade so far in if it isn't routine; isn't convenient; even if it something—even do

even if it is after hours. In order to bypass personal appeals, that deep snow?"

we'll "I don't honey, know, but this "If I to say, for are heard you, people sometimes do I'll have try. to wait, the longer have The we for it for to as else"—this the reason everyone not doing something do

it will be. these deeper wet With

it all for respect to precedents with needs someone now! who And

if we'll clothes freeze don't keep we set aside, to of yet procedures, not presuming any and them and moving."is this for for couldn't consideration: there anyone do what If we

to breathe beginning Bob was for for everyone, couldn't couldn't ever anything do do we we five heavily before gone they had necessarily Institutions regulate anyone. and organizations must

yards. imagine He could the of themselves Parable their functions—but and define the Good hundred must feel. how Joan He zigzagged personto- for the to suggest the need still seem Samaritan would

level little to to the keep most to that person suggest still seem do a equation—would we should

going. ground, but rough it was the need is now, can do for someone when when the what we

problem is presented. If we couldn't do anything for anyone that When they had walked for a half

we couldn't do for everyone, we could never do anything for anyone. hour, Bob thought they should be

coming to the brush but, instead, the "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the ground seemed rougher, and they

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 22, 1961. Copyright 1961. passed high spots that he couldn't

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA remember. Then a slight lull in the They walked laboriously down a It was fivethirty when they saw the

storm showed them the country benarrow ravine and out on a sharp smoke of the camp. It had stopped

fore them for a moment. There were ridge. Below them they could see snowing down there, and the snow

the towering cliffs, rising into the the dark line of the stream. They slid was only a few inches deep; but

sky. Joan's face was a picture of most of the way down and pushed when they looked back, the cliffs

despair. They were going in the their way through the scrubby wilwere still shrouded in the storm.

wrong direction. lows. When they stepped into the The next hours were vague in their

This was almost more than Joan water, it actually seemed warm. This memories. The first thing they recould stand. She sank down in the would keep their feet from freezing. membered clearly was waking on a

snow. Bob lifted her up and held It was heavenly to have solid footing sunny morning to the sounds of

her close. He talked quietly to her, and be sure of their direction. breaking camp. They were very

but he was tormented by thoughts The long stumbling journey down hungry.

of the warm camp the day before the creek bed took the last ounce of "When can we get our things out and Toma's warning and his jokes their strength. Once they thought of the trees?"asked Joan, during

about Daniel Boone. He blamed they heard a rifle shot but strength breakfast.

himself for his physical weakness. It and breath were precious and they "We pick 'em up about middle of

would take more than courage to let their eyes say all that was said. May,"said Toma.

protect her now.

After a short rest they started again in the opposite direction. Bob

tried to keep on a straight line. It??

later that hours than twowas more "Other things being equal.. first of bushesthey clumps saw the

that told them that they were coming into the foothills. Bob's heart RICHARD L. EVANS

was pounding, and he could hardly breathe. Joan was in a state of exWe would turn for a moment or two today to the

haustion. The snow still made it imever-recurring question of judging others, of the

possible to see more than a few feet. THE power to appraise the motives, the action, the intent

Joan sank down in the snow and Bob SPOKEN of other people. We sometimes hear the phrase—

sat down beside her. WORD "other things being equal,"or the phrase "under

"Are your feet cold?"he said. the same circumstances."In physical factors this would seem to

"I don't know. I can't feel them be so. We can weigh weights; we can measure measures; we can

any more. My shoes were wet calculate speed and temperature and time and make things seem

through a long time ago."to be "equal under the same circumstances."But it isn't so easy

Bob racked his brain for some idea to weigh people personally—as to the intangibles. It isn't so easy

to keep her feet from freezing but to know what's inside; in the mind, the heart, the spirit, what

could think of nothing. Joan looked goes into the making of a man. Experiences aren't equal. Enup at him with tearstained face. vironments aren't equal. The attitudes and influence and example

"Bob, I'm sure you've been prayof others aren't equal in their impact upon us. Furthermore we

ing, as I have. Let's pray together. arrived in the world at different times, with different talents and

"... we do have a suspicion,"as WilliamWe are promised hidden treasures of different opportunities.

knowledge, remember? There must Feather has said, "that it is nearly impossible for anybody to put

be a way out if we only knew."himself in another's place. Who is this man who asks you to put

Bob helped her to her knees, and yourself in his place?... The differences are endless... Z'1

they knelt there clasping hands and "... hence,"added another observer, "the constant use of parables

made their plea for guidance in this in our Saviour's teaching, that we might always be taught to turn time of peril. When they had finfrom the letter to the spirit;... hence the persistent command to

ished, they arose and stood quietly look from the outward to the inward,... from the act to the

together. This brief stop had already motive, from external, particular words and deeds to the character

brought signs of stiffness to their as a whole, from the things which are seen to the things which are limbs. And then, as they stood there, unseen...."2 William Penn has thus said in summary: "... the

their breathing became more quiet. true Spring of the Actions of Men is as Invisible as their Hearts;

The wind in the trees could no..."3 There must be laws; there must be rules. There must be

longer be heard, and a new sound enforcing of the laws and rules. And those who are called upon

began to interpret itself to them. to judge cannot escape the doing of their sincere duty. But the

They realized that they had been longer we live, the closer we must come to know how hasty and hearing it at intervals for some time. wrong mere men can be in their estimate of others, and that the

High silvery notes, rising and falling. spirit is inseparable from the letter of the law. And it is comfortSuddenly Bob whirled and faced in ing to know that, ultimately, the great just Judge of all of us will

the direction from which the sound take all things into account and will not err in measuring the man.

came. "That's it!"he shouted. "That's "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

the creek!"Columbia Broadcasting System, January 29, 1961. Copyright 1961.

Joan didn't exactly understand, but 2Arthur1WilliamPenrhynFeather.Stanley, Our Common Christianity.she sensed new hope in Bob's voice. 3William Penn, More Fruits of Solitude.

APRIL 1961 249 Uncle Jonathan could hardly believe that they had come afoot out of a storm in the Sawtooths.

"Now don't slide off in the canyon,"he called to Bob, as they prepared to start down. "I still don't see

how you kids made it yesterday. It

was tough for us, and we had a guide."Joan smiled sweetly over her shoulder as she climbed into the truck. "So did we."

Letters and Reports

(Continued from page 209) YOUTH SECTION Westfield, New Jersey

Dear Brethren:

I wish to express my thanks to the Era staff for a truly great magazine. During

my military service it brought me much enjoyment and was a constant companion.

The new youth section is a wonderful addition to the Era, and I feel that it will be a great asset in bringing the youth of the Church closer together.

in the future and sharing it with myFOUND! A way to give you the nourishing Erafamily.I am looking forward to receiving my

I also send best wishes and God's my year.protein only natural whole wheat can provide blessings for the coming

Sincerely yours, Carnation Instant Wheat is higherprotein wheat, Frederick J. Davies

rolled into tiny flakes by an exclusive, lowheat process. This process preserves the nutrition and nation CONGRATULATIONS

energy values that only complete "whole"kernel wheat, wheat germ and wheat bran can provide. Dear Editors:

will love Your family to congratulate prompted and I am you staff to the nutlike flavor of this wiffiK your for your cereal. thegoldengrain appeal modern wheat

Carnation Instant Wheat gives you all the wheat presentthe workgenerationof our whoHeavenlywill soonFathertake inovera"germ and all the B-vitamins of "natural"whole much more vigorous and effective way wheat. Enjoy its delicious flavor, served hot with than we of this generation. The "new

brown sugar and milk. look"to envisionis appealingunlimitedand possibilitiesprompts ourforyouththe

growth of the Church, as is demonstrated in our new missionary approach which we oldsters view with much apprehension. I

willingly place my faith in these young

NEED ACCOMMODATIONS COMING TO theirpeopleprogress.and hope we do nothing CONFERENCE? to deter

IN SALT LAKE CITY? Contact New Salt Lake Reverently,

RESERVATION CENTER

all for hotel reservation service. Edgar W. Wayman

or Write Robbins phone c/o CENTER,

Travel City. Salt - EL 5-4651 Lake and motelRESERVATION- 1 4ratesSo. andMainFREEMOTEL.

640 W. No. Temple Now Available

For business or 1960 Improvement Era Index Friendship is the great chain of pleasure, Se Rancho is Send 10 cents to cover handling human society, and intercourse all to depots, convenient

Industrial plants, Commercial and costs to of letters is one of the chiefest links

Wholesale Centers, Doctors Clinics, of that chain.—James Howell

Hospitals, Mormon Temple and downTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA town shopping. Phone EL 5-7588. 50 No. Main St., S. L. City 1 1, Ut.

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Preparation or Panic? A tribute to

(Continued from page 237)

few precautions and comments seemin order. The natural order of attenNon-Drinking Driver

tion to the needs of an emergency are first to provide or to maintain an air supply if this is impaired;

secondly, to stop severe hemorrhage, and third to control or alleviate shock. Burns and fractures are

generally treated for the local injury, with shock and pain being important secondary factors if the former are major.

There are several effective methods of resuscitation or artificial respiration. A very simple but decidedly effective method is mouth

to mouth breathing, once the airway is cleaned and the tongue pulled forward. More detailed description

can be found in the abovementioned publications.

Bleeding of even great severity can nearly always be adequately controlled by packing dressing material 'Highway safety history shows that nondrinking drivers are safe?

directly and tightly over or into the Irivers—they have fewer accidents, less serious accidents.

wound, and then securing in place 'You deserve the praises of all who ride the highways. Preferred

by a pressure bandage. tisk Mutual offers you a tribute in the form of better auto insurance

For severe wounds in extremities, xrotection at reduced cost"WILLIAM N. PLYMAT

compression of the main supplying President vessel against the underlying bone may be helpful for quick partial With Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance control until cloth for direct pressure can be obtained. Only rarely should (for nondrinkers only) you get

a tourniquet as it be used may cause "ACCIDENTFREE"DISCOUNT 25%irreparable arteries to damage and -if five years. accidents the past during 15% Discount if you you have had nonerves.

years. the past three ave during no accidents had

Unsterile as substances butsuch discountsecond-car 25% two car have second on i en errbtl 10%—if youCOMPACTdrive aCARcompactdiscountcar. fUllmn ALoUa ter, etc., soda, lard, baking should Risk. cars withif youPreferred insured

not be applied to burns. If anything

is at all, let it COST done EXTRA confined to a be AT AND NO

This Discount. "AccidentFree"earn—you 25% sterile antibiotic or ointpetrolatum liability protection becauseis ourof will not that be cancelled your 5-year"CancelProtection"—whenwritten guarantee

application sterile ament with dry anyliana,accidentsOklahoma.)you may be involved in. (Not available in Colorado, Florida, Illinois,

it.sheet dressing over burns Large

YOU QUALIFY, SEND THIS are best left open and untouched [IF COUPON!IE - 461with the patient being placed on a

until clean sheet more CO. adequate umie/iedy UuAkJl/uitual-j RANCE is attention available.medical

Every responsible member of your 6000 GRAND AVENUE DES MOINES. IOWA

family should be familiar with the Please send me, without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for ( ) or contents and use of your kit. Take Total5 ( ) Abstainers.years (checkI amone).a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3

it with you whenever you travel,

Name Address picnic. or camp,

City State

Occupation No. of Cars in Family

Make of Car Model Year No. of cyls

Auto Car Owner Is Used for: Circle

of This Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyInsurance Business Education is a controlling grace to Expires:

Month the young, consolation to the old, ToPleasureand fromQ work AGESEX Day, wealth to the poor, an ornament to....miles one way MARRIED Year

the rich.—Diogenes.America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company

mailable in New York State, Massachusetts, Virginia, North and South Carolina.

APRIL 1961 251 Birthday Afternoon stood at the sink tearing aside the fifteen, you had to start discovering green paper. what people were trying, in an un-

(Continued from page 229) "Pink carnations, Mother,"she spoken language, to tell you.

murmured in wonder. As she shortened a carnation stem

room where Ron and Arthur were "I'll get a vase from the pantry, with the paring knife, she interstanding at attention. dear."preted the afternoon to herself: Ron,

loudly. said "Hi, guys,"you Buzzy his say, orchid, to through seemed carnations,"repeated "Pink Franny

tell couldn'tFranny whether he was "See, for being I'm you."extravagant softly. did they Buzzy know How torelieved or discover unhappy exotic cologne, Arthur, the through favorite? he'd her were Maybe others.the

insist, sophistiso to "I'm seemed It didn't matter Beth. asked Mary to a held green out package He his cated."Buzzy, through knew. Now he howher. in better put "You them to carnations, saying, "I was want all underof she a sudden Then, is."said.water,"vase, "In that a he

like."give what you you matter. did stood what right,""All said she excused and

herself and went to the kitchen. The thing that counted was what She felt her heart pounding as she

Her mother, mixing batter in a yel- a person said to you through his remembered an afternoon about ten low bowl, glanced up as Franny gift. And even if you were only days ago, when she and Mary Beth

and two other girls had sat in a booth at the corner drugstore. One

girl, Dolly, had worn a tiny bunch of violets pinned to her sweater, and talk had turned to spring and flowTied with red tape. favorers. Maryof lilacs,BethandhadFrannyproclaimedhad saidin

that she considered pink carnations

RICHARD L. EVANS simply dreamy. A moment later,

glancing up, she had seen Buzzy lounging against a confection counThese past two weeks we have spoken somewhat ter, grinning in her direction. Why,

of judging others and of serving others, with some he'd been listening! And he'd reTHE reference to the spirit and the letter of the law. membered.

this say, "If I those having do in mind who SPOKEN And detold herself she Tomorrow, WORD it for cited everyone,"for you, I'll have to do we cisively, she'd find to invite courage the parable of the Good Samaritan as to serving someone when him to the spring dance. She'd ask

the need is now, as to doing something when a person with a real him just after English class. He'd

problem presents himself—even when it is after hours. With this accept. They'd go, and have a wonin mind let's turn for a moment or two to what is called red tape—by derful time. She wouldn't feel

which we mean, essentially, getting lost in procedures—procedures nervous... not much, anyway; it

which may be altogether arbitrary—which may be quite apart from was silly to be nervous with someprinciples, and which are sometimes made to seem even more one you liked who liked you, too.

important than people or than solving problems. "More than one Her mother returned with a vase,

splendid idea,"said a significant source, "has been launched to and Franny began to arrange the accomplish a great good only to wind up as an institution more carnations. They were so fluffy, so

its rather routine interested than in maintaining of procedure in pink, so fragrant. the She sniffed 1

likely like habits, Procedures, are splendid idea."spreading its the spicy excitement air. Beneath

to take hold—even when they emphasize the form rather than the of carnations hovered the rich smell

basic facts. Order is surely essential—and surely also are certain of the veal roast that Mother was

procedures—but when we become too tightly tied up in red tape, making because Daddy liked it.

common sense and effectiveness and efficiency may cease to funcBecause Daddy liked it—what a

tion, with arbitrary waste of time—unnecessary delays—making lovely reason!

people stand around in needless long lines. The Master once said

something about an ox in the pit—which we take to mean doing Franny stood very still for a

something about something when the need is now. What is called moment. She could almost feel the

red tape is sometimes essential. Technicalities are sometimes essenconfusion of the last two days melttial. There are requirements; there are procedures; there are ing away. Becoming a grownup

principles that cannot—must not—be set aside. But sometimes red wouldn't be as complicated as she

tape is simply a procedure that somehow got started and that no had feared. It was mostly a matter

one has taken the trouble to stop. Whenever needlessly we take of trying to please people you liked.

people's time, or insist on meaninglsss motions, or make men wait Nothing painful about that!

in long lines, or insist on unessential procedures, we are wasting She took the vase of flowers in irreplaceable time and effort and energy. We should never needone hand, and in the other a glass

lessly waste men's lives in waiting rooms or in long lines, or never for Buzzy to drink milk from, and needlessly tie their hands with red tape. started to leave the kitchen.

But first she looked at her mother "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the and smiled, "You know something?

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 5, 1961. Copyright 1961. Pink carnations are just like a veal

'Chesley R. Perry, former Executive Secretary, Rotary International. roast."

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EVOLUTION OF A TERRITORY...AND A RAILROAD

LOS ANGELES

LONG BEACH

Once it was a barren land, a vast roamingarea for Indians and wild life. Transportation was by horse or on foot... tortuously,

laboriously slow.

Then came the adventurous ones, the pioneers... by prairie

schooner, on horseback, on foot. Slowly, to be sure, but they

came! And with them came the plow, marking the beginning of

the Age of Agriculture.

Finally, came the railroad. Gleaming rails over which trains

rolled. They brought raw materials and finished products... and

people! More, always more. It is inevitable... the railroad had

come—the UNION PACIFIC.

Today, this same railroad serves this rich segment of the nation... the Union Pacific States of America. We're proud to be a part of

these 1 1 states and happy that we can serve them.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

APRIL 1961 253 the Missionary.. Store Foods

(Continued from page 235)

should keep approximately 6 weeks.

\-J istinctive choice of programs to make the FATS AND OILS farewell complete. The Fats and oils eventually may go

missionary's photograph rancid even though the container is included in folded tightly closed. They keep best at a

program. temperature below 60 F. Commer-

$18.00 for 500 whichcial shorteningsretards thecontainrancid action,a productbut

per 100 and 85c they still are to be used and replaced or less for more than 500 plus postage every few months to keep them fresh.

The West's Finest WHEAT Printers and Binders Purchase wheat from a reputable source. Use only clean, insectfree,

dry (less than 12 percent moisture) high protein wheat. If properly Deseret stored, wheat can be preserved ten

years or longer without undergoing deterioration. News A good container for storage is a

metal, airtight, fivegallon square can that has a seveninch diameter lid. a friction opening in the top and 33 RICHARDS ST.

fivegallon will store cans Press Three EM 4-2581

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH approximately 100 pounds of wheat.

Store the cans of wheat under the same conditions of temperature and moisture as canned foods. Take preinsect cautions to eliminate possible IN YOUR HOME infestation. the following One of

treatments is suggested. IN YOUR CHAPEL

1. Spread two ounces of crushed

dry ice over the bottom of the can and put the wheat immediately over the top of the dry ice. Allow sufficient time for

the dry ice to evaporate before placing the lid on the can (approximately 30 minutes).

Should pressure develop within the can (bulging), remove the lid cautiously for about two minutes and then replace it. Follow this procedure in a

dry atmosphere to reduce the condensation of moisture on the bottom of the can.

2. Place wheat in a shallow pan

at a depth not greater than % in at inch a temperaan oven ture of for 150F. 20 PRATT & LAMBERT @ Leave the oven door minutes.slightly

open to prevent overheating.

This treatment will destroy all stages of insect pests if the CountlessCaMiatedhomes in the area and many of ourC0&H6most beautifully decorated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt wheat is thoroughly heated.

& Lambert paints and varnishes. This same procedure may be

followed if the wheat has too high a moisture content. SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FLOUR SUGAR AND SALT DRIED FRUITS

Flour is more difficult to store White granulated sugar and salt Keep dried fruits dry and cool.

than wheat, and develops a stale can be kept almost indefinitely in Under these conditions they should offflavor after long storage. White metal containers. keep for one or two years. Fruit may

flour has a longer storage life than be kept in its original package and whole wheat flour. Do not try to stored in metal cans.

store more than the amount of flour Remember—A wise food storage

normally used in a oneyear period. program means wise food planning.

Store flour in the original bags in Store the kind of food your family metal cans to avoid insect infestaSALUTE TO APRIL is accustomed to eating. Put a date

tion, rodent damage, and flavor BY SAUL FULLMER on each container as you put it into changes. storage. Use from your stored food

RICE, CEREAL PRODUCTS, Brave buds peep from the pansy supply and replace what you use.

DRIED BEANS, AND PEAS bed; Then you can have a minimum of

These foods can be stored up to Sir Robin calls from his apple tree; waste and spoilage and stale food.

articles previously deterioration. The following yeara without Keep And Violet looks to her Easter

in the also very published Era are storage. Insect cool duringdry and

infestation can be eliminated by dressinformative:

heating the beans or peas as deShe has a date with the honeybee. Merritt H. Egan, M.D., "A Wise

scribed under the subtitle "Wheat."Warm to my foot, the fertile loam Food Storage Plan,"Vol. 62,

Metal containers are recommended Tenderly nurtures the tulip shoots. September 1959, pp. 702709.

for storage. Brown rice does not Remembering brides and June, the George S. Nelson, "A Practical Plan

store as well as white polished rice. rose for Food Storage Shelves,"Vol.

HONEY Urgently calls to her sleeping roots. 62, October 1959, pp. 768, 778.

Honey that is properly ripened April, smiling, floats down our street Allie Howe, "The Family Food Storwill keep for a long time. age Plan,""Planning and Caring

Honey stored above 75 will lose Regally claiming our accolade; for Food Storage,""Building a

much of its flavor and color. The And bowing humbly to her comFood Storage Room,"Vol. 59,

higher the temperature the faster mand, May, June, and July 1956, pp. 362this change takes place. I scour my rusty hoe and spade. 365; pp. 468472; 474; pp. 532538.

Morning Milk's HEALTHY BABY CONTEST

FIRST PRIZE $500.00 10 CASH PRIZES IN Use (his official entry blank

CONTEST TO: Morning Milk Healthy Baby Contest

RULES! Baby must be three P. 0. Box 176 HB, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

(3) years or younger. Baby's Name

2. Baby must have Baby's Age: Years Months...

been fed Morning Milk. Baby's Weight Height

3. "Snapshot"of baby Your name and address:

must be enclosed with entry.

Entries must be postmarked before midnight, must be accompanied by

May 13, 1961. an entry blank.

5. There is no limit to the 6. Babies will be judged on

number of babies three healthy appearance, cuteshop at.

years or younger (in one ness and personality. (store name and address)

family) who can be enDecision of the judges tered. Each snapshot will be final. Additional Entry Blanks at Tour Grocer's

APRIL 1961 255 This Old House red and yellow vines of fall for Nan's So many of our friends are gone. The

wartime wedding reception, her community isn't as we knew it. Even

(Continued from page 246) Dick in uniform. The piano wasn't church is full of new faces. Why we

very good, but how she had loved used to know every Tom, Dick, and boy. She would come downstairs hearing Rick practise for his conHarry, and their parents and grandin the morning to find him, legs certs. The Christmas trees they had parents before them in the days

wrapped around the chair legs, decorated but would never light when you were P-TA president. Now

mouth screwed in concentration as until the President gave the word in we have only ourselves to look out he worked on his endless airplane Washington. The children had vied for. The children have busy lives

models. She always knew he'd fly. for the honor of pushing the switch, of their own and don't care what

They had come home in a winter as they sat in the half dark, listening happens to the old home. Oh, I

twilight to find slipped under the to his speech to the nation. know, they're all good children. It's

dining room door the fatal telegram She used to count the cars in the just what life does to us."

"Killed in action."driveway when she came in, in She knew Dad was right—but how

There were happier memories, too. those days, to see whether she would could this place which held so much

The girls'first formals and dates. have their seven, or a dozen, for of their lives together ever belong

Lorna's valedictory dress she had dinner. to anyone else? The footprints of

made by hand. The arch hung with "It isn't like it used to be, Mom. the youngest were in the concrete

steps which they had all built together. Their name was worked

out in cobblestones in the back terrace.

Book of beginnings, story draftingAcross atheletter,continent"After Nanyou readwas this, Lorna, will you please pass it without end... onMomto andRickDadandwillDan?have Youbeen knowmarried forty years in June. They may

RICHARD L. EVANS not be around to celebrate their

golden wedding. I think we ought

There are some wellknown lines from Longfellow, to do something about it while we which we would here recall: "How beautiful is can. The thing they would like

is a THE youth! how bright it gleams with its illusions, aspiraabove all others, I am sure,

all reunion. family been without Story We haven't of Beginnings, SPOKEN tions, dreams! Book

WORD left for together since before you friend! 1 a a heroine, maid and each man End, Each

The poet then leaves this bright look of youth and turns to some college. Do you suppose we could

lines on the later years of life: "By Time, the great transcriber, all manage to go home in June?

on his shelves, Wherein are written the histories of ourselves. What Let's keep it a surprise, so if sometragedies, what comedies, are there; What joy and grief, what thing happens and some of us can't

rapture and despair! What chronicles of triumph and defeat, Of make it, they won't be disappointed;

struggle, and temptation, and retreat! What records of regrets, but let's try. I have the farthest to

and doubts, and fears! What pages blotted, blistered by our tears!"1 come. Are you with me?"

There are many things that come between the early and the later Perhaps because Nan's own maryears of life: hopes, desires; some triumphs, some success; some riage had not been going too smoothhappy moments we would keep forever—some moments we would ly lately, it suddenly seemed to

wish were never there; some problems, some sorrows; some disapher, her parents'marriage was a

pointments in ourselves, some in others; sometimes the crying out wonderful and important thing.

for answers; sometimes a little losing of the way—with the wish to Lorna in New York picked hers

see a little farther to the future—some searching, groping, wonderup with a handful of business mail.

ing, longing, with the need to know the purpose, with the need There was that bad account with for the assurance of some certainties. Such assurance, blessedly Bay Brothers, maybe a lawsuit beGod has given, with some awareness of his purpose implanted withfore she got any money out of them;

in, some still small voice of conscience, some intimations of the that Lamphin Studio had outbid her answers, some lighting of the way in our choosing, our deciding, on the big Houston deal—she'd

in our doing and enduring—with a Father who would welcome us skimp on the Myron Hotel contract

as we improve, repent; as earnestly we endeavor to be worthy of to make up for that. Oh, she was

that welcome. "But why, you ask me, should this tale be told To tired and tense with business presIt is nothold, or too old? late! Ah, are growing who grown men

... to palpitate. Till tired heart shall cease too late ing is the The ter.sures. HerThenquickshe mindopenedblankedNan's letout

unwritten only still belongs to thee: Take heed, and ponder well New York and her business problems. what that shall be."1

She saw the old white house under the trees, the river flowing behind

Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Morituri Salutamus. it, Mom sitting with her sewing, and

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Dad puttering about his flowers.

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 12, 1961. Copyright 1961. Peace! That was what she needed—

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It grows

almost like

Jack's

beanstalk

To him, it's amazing. To teeming

millions in crowded areas of the world, it's a new source of hope—of better food, a richer life.

For in food crops, astonishing new growth is being released by the green thumb of science.

One important development in agriculture is plant foods created by the scientists of Standard's

ORTHO Division.

These plant foods come in dry pellet form... and can literally be

"rained"on fields by plane. They

can increase yields of fruit and vegetables 100%, make pastures rich enough to graze five times more livestock.

Imagine what advances like these can mean to the peoples of other freeworld nations. Our field men

see it... working with farmers and

the land in 70 countries. Poor soil

becomes fertile; plants become

rich in nourishment.

And this has a larger meaning..

more food brings more vitality to peoples of crowded lands, a stronger economy... a healthier

soil for the growth of freedom.

planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

APKIL 1961 257 HOW TO LOSE WEIGHT AT LESS COST! peace and respite! She didn't know

...and still enjoy at least 1 regular meal a day what they needed, but surely she

would go home in June.

Dietaries don't have to be expensive! Rick was brought up short. He

years. in twelve hadn't been home No need to be a 900calorie liquiddiet martyr! his tenyears Rick, Here was own

... not when you use safe, delicious, economical... old, and didn't know his grandso long; with modernday SURE MEAL beenparents. He didn't realize it had

the pleasant way to reduce transportation,Sure, he was thatbusy,wasbut a hedisgrace.could

fly there in a few hours—had a vacation coming anyway.

And Dan was on the verge of a A trim, slim figure easily can be weight at that point "by continuing big deal in South America. "I won't

yours! Just mix tastetempting, with one'Sure Meal serving daily say it was crooked, but I will say it

completely nutritious, powdered plus two caloriecontrolled regular was shady—perfectly legal,"his

Sure Meal with 2%milk orwhole meals. Then, on occasion, should partner insisted, absolutely no danmilk for two lowcalorie (210you gain a few pounds, you simply ger, but all the same Dan knew it

241) meals a day. Then go ahead return to two Sure Meal servings a was morally unsound—a tax evasion,

and enjoy a satisfying 400 to 500day for a few days... for easy, and he was hesitating over it! When

calorie regular meal each day. OR, pleasant weight control, the letter came, it was after a sleepnutritious hut two equally have very- m Jure Meal. costs up to 40...%.less!! lessPeg night.at breakfast,He wasbutcrankyshe knewwith servings, lowcalorie Sure Meal (169)

first of the very worrying him.; was As something one was Meal Sure milk and powdered with mixed

its slit read envelope the and he so popular of type dietaries the to substantial water, plus 550 a for contents, old unthe longed he It the market on has been today. Thus, 600calorie each day! meal his of boyhood. days complicated. pro-. established f an. r 4 7a allliquid fixed 900calorie unlike around not might be and Dad Mom real success by with used duct it dietaries, makes Sure Meal longer. much weightwith a persons of thousands fit to daily for your possible you stall his partner, called on "Joe, He in o1 a bought contr Yet P"Mm individual to intake calorie your for a that thing South few American less costs caselot Sure of Meal 240,... andstill weightreduction needs to I out can weeks, go you? have serving! Just compare per nl9(p daily regular allows meal one good I of town. Let you when know cos1: Wlth other tlm low low> an natural the bulk to provide and back."get

its kind! of product requires. your food body all of them. They was So—that

all hotel, at so they the could met nutritional pickup on Quick is not safe food a Sure a Meal—together. drive bakout was Mom Sure Meal days. Try "skiplunch"is scientifically Meal Sure fad. ing. that didn't of do She much at days "skiplunch"those busy on accredited in an West formulated alone. since Said she were and Dad It's available in office or the home. apmedically laboratory and Coast presentiment she a have had must provides flavor favorite and your is It carefood, complete proved. a or for there something, were two nutrition all necessary the with you to fully every provide balanced pies bread. apple She and brown

efficiency! at to peak going keep nutritional the essential element to going to give been one had

human system needs in a lowher neighbor.

calorie diet. Two Sure Meal servings IMPORTANT: Should you be Mom cried, of course, as her big

daily help you trim down to the suffering from any serious sons folded her in their arms. Dad

healthful, attractive figure you desire health problem, it is particuwould never admit it, but he choked... and let you retain the buoyant larly wise to consult your a bit and had to blow his nose, too.

vigor and happy feeling that comes physician before going on a Grandson Rick asked, "Grandpa, only through proper nutrition, good weightreduction diet. will you show me the old swimmin'

food and regularity. hole and the place where my daddy

caught that big fish?"

or drug in available yet food slim stay with 1 Sure Meal Not Then in restaurant "There's a Denver your stores. mail or Just phone daily! achieved having serving Once advertises pie, world's the best apple

the healthful, youthful figure you order for immediate delivery. Use Mom, but they never tasted yours.

desire, you will want to hold your handy SURE MEAL coupon below: Tell Myra how you do it,"said

Rick, senior.MMMM*M*M*MMM.**Don Lyman & Associates For free delivery telephone EM 3-9674 Lorna couldn't wait to shuck off

1087 East 9th South Check desired flavor: city clothes and get into her bathing

Salt Lake City 5, Utah Vanilla Defatted Chocolate suit. As she floated under fleecy

blue the sky clouds and and into rush lilthe niPlease f, Butterscotch,. followingit quantBland.

be,mteres,ed in selling.......SUREMapleMEAL 'may ities of willows the SURE MEAL: the near made,—,Q patterns

20Meal Size $4.75 My name bank, she felt the soft water's lap

40Meal Size $9.00 Q My address relax her. The tensions of theMMmunummmuuuu 240Meal Size (case)....45.00 City Zone State

IIIIVMII1RIHHIXMHHIMMKMRIUMHII

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ill

looks ahead!

You'll soon be seeing this giant 4-wheeldrive tractor! Threehundred horsepower gives it the

speed and pull to set new acreper-day work records. And it's more nimble than much smaller

rigs. It steers with all four wheels... even "crabs"to farm steep slopes where only a crawler

dare follow. Bold new IH ideas promise a bright future for farmers.

Idea factory is an investment in tomorrow's agriculture

Ten acres under one roof... all devoted to developthrottle, day and night.

ing better farm equipment. That's International Fieldgoing laboratories follow new machines far

Harvester's Farm Equipment Research and Engiinto the countryside where engineers measure, neering Center at Hinsdale, Illinois. with amazing precision, the actual stresses and

Here nearly 1,500 men... engineers, soils exstrains of rugged field use.

perts, chemists, metallurgists, even atomic scienAnd at the research center, machines twist and tists... look ahead to the needs of tomorrow's jolt implements being tested to duplicate stress

farmer. These men know farming and farm needs. and strain of field use. Thus engineers crowd 10

The most modern laboratories and facilities in the years of normal farm use into as many weeks...

farm equipment industry are at their disposal. wear machines out fast to find and eliminate weak

Design, development, and testing of farm equippoints before new designs go to the farmer.

ment go on twentyfour hours each day. Building farm tractors and equipment best fitted

Test machines aren't babied... they're abused. to the farmer's needs has made IH first in farm

In an indoor field, planting, tillage, and other tests equipment. And the greatest research and developcontinue, rain or shine, the year around. On a test ment program in the industry will put tomorrow's

track, tractors pull heavy loads at wideopen IH farm equipment even farther ahead.

World's biggest research farm equipment 10 acres of tomorrow center puts INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER design, development, under one roof. Here,

and testing of farm equipment are carried on by skilled teams, World's largest manufacturer of farm equipment using the most upto-date equipment and instruments.

a? imimmmMiM fnwtiattiiiiiiiijiiiinim

APRIL 1961 259 modernday business competition were very far away.

"Beats any expensive rest cure,"she said. "Much better than that Your

ritzy spa where I spent two weeks

Waiting last year!"

Money theDanold hadwoodshedonly towheretake onehe hadlookhadat

Works for hiswhatfirsthislessonsdecisionin honesty,on theto Southknow

You at Americandidn't evenmatterwait tillwouldhe gotbe. back,He

but cabled his partner, "No dice.

If we can't do it right, we won't WESTERN do it at all."

Nan cried herself to sleep that first night in the big bed. She was SAVINGS

already lonesome for Dick. Sure,

he had some exasperating ways.

Here were Mom and Dad—she knew

things hadn't always gone smoothly with them, either. She had seen

Put your waiting money to work with a Western Mom cry, and Dad go out shouting

Savings saveby-mail account. Western Savings, in and banging the door and then come

Salt Lake City, pays the postage both ways. Western back later to kiss the back of her

also pays you 4% for your money, compounded neck as she bent over the stove. And

semiannually and insured to $10,000 by the Federal then Mom would turn to him for a

Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, an agency real kiss, and the world would be of the United States Government. All money saved by all right again for them and their

the 10th of the month earns from the 1st of the month. children. Good marriages didn't

just happen. They had to be worked

You Get the Very Most at Western Savings at. It might take years, but one

had only to be in this home and look

Open your account at Dad and Mom to know it was today. Use this worth the struggle. She'd go home

convenient coupon. and try a little harder, and

maybe someday they would have a

WESTERN SAVINGS fortieth anniversary.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH And then it was over. They'd had

Enclosed is my check money a grand visit. Grandson Rick was order for $ Please open a WESTERN staying on a while to learn to swim

as savings did. account in the name of: his daddy SAVINGS couldn't Dad Name know all that had

taken place in the hearts of his (if a joint account put second name here) children in the old setting. The

feeling home SAVINGS is something LOAN WESTERN AND sensed COMPANY Address

FIRST OFFICE: 45 EAST SOUTH DOWNTOWN rather than spoken did of—but he

OFFICE: City State DRIVE HIGHLAND 4989 COTTONWOOD

all had for know it been of good CITY, SALT UTAH LAKE them to be there. This was more

than four sturdy walls of native stone and handhewn timbers. It

was a haven from the turmoil of the everchanging world, where values were eternal. Children,

even grown ones, need to have their roots down.

"Mom, we'll turn down that offer.

We can vacation in Florida or travel and see the world, but always come back to this old house. This is our

world."Mom did not say a thing, but there was a world of love and contentment in her heart as she looked about her at Dad and at her house.

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They supercharge your car with TCP plus

Fulltime power plus protection! That's what you get in every supercharged drop of Conoco Royal

Gasoline with TCP* plus. TCP boosts engine power and increases mileage... oilplating action

cuts friction wear. Supercharge your car with Conoco Royal Gasoline and—after two tankfuls—

you'll feel that powerful difference! Today—put your car—and your cares—in Conoco's hands!

Hottest Brand Going 1961, Continental Oil Company.

Trademark and patent owned by Shell Oil Company. Conoco and...CONOCOICarte Blanche Credit Cards are accepted at Conoco stations.

APRIL 1961 261 Alone in the Moonlight

(Continued from page 239)

This mark he was hunting in the forests, theidentifies modern, "words which I had often heard my dependable Steel. Look father speak concerning eternal life,

for it on and the joy of the saints"sunk deep consumer products. into his heart, his "soul hungered,"

and he knelt and cried unto the Lord for a witness and he received it.

He heard the voice of the Lord, and was made whole. Enos wrote,

"... when I had heard these words

I began to feel a desire for the welfare of my brethren, the Nephites;

wherefore I did pour out my whole soul unto God for them."( See Enos,

verses 1-9.)

Having freely received, this child of God was moved freely to share the marvelous blessing.

Sons of Mosiah

Among other Book of Mormon examples is the moving account of the sons of Mosiah, who, having been "the very vilest of sinners,"turned from a course of wickedness and followed the way of truth. Having

traveled among their own people in

Zarahemla with young Alma "zealously striving to repair all the

Whether it jumps to make a discovery that's out of this world, or sits injuries which they had done to the down quietly to spend a century or two on atomic research, steel is the church"(Mosiah 27:35), they asked

the privilege of going as missiononly material that has the strength and vigor to keep up with the reach aries among the then unbendingly, antagonistic in Lamanites the landof modern man's mind.

of to testify Nephi to teach and

New Stainless Steels developed by United States Steel withstand the thembrought"thatto rejoicethey inmightthe Lordalso theirbe vibration and friction of unearthly speeds. New USS Steel Forgings God."The thought that any of God's

children should be denied the sweetshape atomic reactors and nuclear power systems. Look around. You'll ness and joy of knowledge, faith,

see steel in so many places—building strength. USS iS a registered trademark and testimony was unbearable to

them, and they turned away from their kingly heritage to follow their faith as missionaries.

(Ugl) United States Steel It is marvelous to enjoy the sweetness and light and warmth of the gospel, of the love of God, but in truth, alone in these things "is better when you aren't!"

THE CENTER OF s. CONVENEENCE /

rt*k*Lm V NEW AMERICA COOOfJt MOTEL E 9.:.-. ROOMS rj,; 320EAUTYSAtONBEAUTIFU1MAIN AT FIFTH BA8SEBSH0PSOUTH

People should understand that there is no man born upon the face of the earth but what can be saved in the kingdom of God, if he is disposed to city be.—Brigham Young

Nouy...

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Not for one Sunday longer need you deprive your church of the magnificent music of a Hammond Organ.

For the new Hammond Extravoice is priced within reach of every church. It is $595*, the lowest price any Hammond

Organ has ever sold for.

And much, much more than the price is new about the

Hammond Extravoice.

It has a brilliant new sound—the rich tones of three keymtmmmiWIlU

boards, played from a single, simple keyboard.

It has graceful new styling—lovely new lines in a cabinet so

compact it takes up only 4 ft. by 2 ft. (making it ideal for HAMMOND ORGAN

Chapels and Sunday Schools).... music's most glorious voice

It has everything new that Hammond has learned in 25 years about making organs... to bring you faithful service. Hammond4220 W. DiverseyOrgan CompanyAve., Chicago 39, 111.

Call your Hammond dealer for a demonstration. fj FreeSend bookletfree folderon organon Extravoicefund raising.Organ.

Color catalog of Hammond organs.

Name

Church THE NEW HAMMOND Sfaiete ORGAN Address

OyO... only 41 down City Zone County State

HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY IE461 8\Less Federal Excise Tax, F.O.B., Chicago; bench extra.

APRIL 1961 263 FILMS Professor Billy "What is it, Billy?"

DEVELOPED His answer is always the same, "Nothing. I just wanted to know ( Continued from page 245AND PRINTED per roll if you are there!"

For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B & W Roll showed his pink carnation to everyIn exchange for this feeling of

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll one as we walked home. I began security and the food I prepared,

pulling together mentally everything he taught me in one week: lessons

love to express in patience, carnations. I Possibly about how knew COLOR FILM forgive orally, towhile your his questions how to would run more

DEVELOPING ward seeds or colors or how come heart aches, how to love natural thoughtful, to and beauty, be carnations wintertime. in the how grow KODACOLOR to to kindness express Yes, quite human I could answer a few of how

Roll 8-Exposure per this into strangers. big, wide Thrust those. Printing Dev. and $2.55 roll

12Exposure Roll per "Mother, if I got to smoking, world, his wholesome attitude is

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll would I be a drunkard next?"exemplary!

Color Reprints 20c each Anticipating questions is time Now at the top of his lungs he is

I was off on an extemporasinging another chorus he learned, COLOR SLIDES wasted!

135 mm Color Slides per neous discussion on temptations and "Hallelujah, time to gory."

20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll personal decisions. Should I step once more into the

Slides Color 135 per mm the say, it "No, Billy, and Billy night. bedroom is Saturday Now exp., 36 Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll thine 'Hallelujah, really are words his a prolonged navy and have had Color per Movie "

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll bath, and he is in bed. Occasionthe glory'?

GENEALOGY PHOTOS regardingally, duringourmy educationalevening soliloquyinterglory,I'll notBilly,go.for But,helpingto athinemotheris thereNEGATIVES MADE of OLD change, he calls out, evaluate herself. I can see motherPHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS "Mother."hood is a lifetime course, and you

of NEGATIVE, 4c each I step into his darkened room and are going to be my favorite proSend coin only - no C.O.D.'s ask, fessor!

MoneyBack Guarantee SAM'SP. O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah PROMISED VALLEY—MIA SUMMER ACTIVITY

All MIA executives, drama, music, and dance directors who will

WHY LEAVE YOUR FAMILY be especially concerned with the production of Promised Valley are invited to attend a special workshop to be held Friday, April 7,

HEALTH TO LUCK? in Salt Lake City. The workshop has purposely been scheduled for

grind flour Stone your hours a few the free day during April general conference in the hope that someone

... rolls before baking bread and an inexpensive way to get more attending conference will be assigned to serve the MIA and attend

nutrition into your diet. Vitamins

are oxidation lost by in a matter of the workshop. There will be a presentation of the modified version

days. Eat pure wheat

you! chemical additives. Avoid processed by of Promised Valley, a discussion, and a demonstration of all aspects

it. Promised Valley will be INVEST IN A of the great musical and how to present

given a more complete production at June conference. This musical

LEE HOUSEHOLD of the epic march from Nauvoo to Salt Lake is scheduled for proFLOUR MILL duction in every stake of the Church as an MIA project during

Automatic the summer of 1961.

Portable The workshop will be held at Salt Lake City at the HighlandElectric

Economical Parleys Stake Center, 1870 Parleys Canyon Blvd. Instruction will

today! Order of 4 begin at noon. Choice

mills. Write Scripts for the simplified version are now available and may prices! for

Save on introbe ordered from PACIFIC PUBLICATIONS, STATION 1, BOX flour ductory offer. Send with 435, PROVO, UTAH. coupon

check or order Following is the suggested manner of ordering the script money for 5-lb. stone ground pkg., and music: Promised Valley Vocal Score—Simplified Version

day shipped. $1.50 each.

LEE ENGINEERING CO. Promised Valley Script Book and General Instructions—SimpliMilwaukee 1. Wis.

fied $.75 each. Version—Dept. IE 3-61 Lee Engineering Company, Accompaniment for the simplified version is by piano. 2023 Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. W. Wisconsin

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50 A complete orchestral score may be obtained by special arrange-

.... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00 ments with the composer, Dr. Crawford Gates, Brigham Young

Name University, Provo, Utah.

Street

City State.

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Ecumenical Movement (Continued from page 210)

2. It would be the same "in all

essential principles and ordinances as that which Christ established horse, and rye for the fowls when he was upon the earth."Mid for swine...",

3. It would have "apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists,

deacons, and other necessary helps in government."Kretchmer's Wheat Germ is the most

4. There would never be a quesconcentrated source of the natural

tion as to the source of the finances food values of wheat—the ideal foodnecessary, "never a question as to

for any emergency. keep on hand shall receive the fundswho nor as * S* to

shall and in every nutrients theyto how 30 vital Containing by whom be disbursed."spoonful (with ounce for ounce more

5. There would never be "a question as to the relation of one official protein than meat, eggs or cottage

to another...."cheese; more iron than raisins and

6. Men would not "preach for more Vitamins E and B than any

money nor divine for hire; but every

worthy man will be a priest, a servant other food*) Kretchmer's Wheat of the people...."Germ is the nearperfect subsistence

7. "The millionaire and the man food. Vacuumpacked 12 and 20

of humble earnings... will all meet

on common ground, and study, in ounce glass jars guarantee its freshequality and brotherhood, the divine ness—make it a natural for your food

principles of happiness, progress storage program. At just 3c an ounce,

life."and eternal

8. In such a church the poor would Kretchmer's Wheat Germ is one of

not suffer "because ample provision today's greatest vitamin values!

will for the physical, be made the

In daily use, you'll find hundredstemporal, as as well the spiritual salvation of every human being."of ways to add this nutritional power-

9. "In short, the Church of Jesus house to all your family meals.

Christ, the universal church, will Kretchmer's Wheat Germ gives soups,acknowledge the fatherhood of God and make not only possible but salads and casseroles a toasty golden practical the universal brotherhood topping, makes pastries and baked of man."interesting In another article written for the Millennial Star in that m goodsa hearty,crispernutlikeand moreflavortempting,to meat addsloaf year, Presidentsame wrote: McKay and breakfast cereal. Now and in the "All churches concreeds and all

tain some good which lead toward future, make sure that your family the kingdom of our Father...."enjoys all the healthgiving benefits

Further "There are many roads in socalled of the very heart of the wheat—with

heathen and Christian lands leading Kretchmer's Wheat Germ. Available

sincere people toward the church in leading food stores everywhere.

and kingdom of God, but those who would participate in the privileges *U.S. Department of Agriculture,

and blessings of citizenship therein Composition of Foods must obey the principles and ordinances of the Gospel of Jesus Christ."

Missionary enterprise is part of the ecumenical movement, a political and legal privilege available in all 'lands enjoying the freedom of conscience and the freedom to proselyte.

(See Millennial Star, vol. 168170 For the exciting new wheat germ

248250 for President McKays recipe booklet, "Quick and Easy Ways articles ) to Use Wheat Germ", write

Department SL-1 KRETCHMER Wheat Germ Corporation Carrollton, Michigan

APRIL 1961 265 vJ In the hope of aiding those who hold the priestfields of service in which selected officers are to serve.

\ ) hood to catch the vision and realize the magniThose so laboring are given offices in the priesthood.

tude of the power and authority they hold, we These offices are appendages to the priesthood.

presented last month, on this page, a priesthood study 13. What is meant by an appendage to the

which dealt with its nature, source, and history. priesthood?

Now we invite thoughtful attention to a continuaSpeaking of the Melchizedek Priesthood the revelation of this discussion, as we call attention to the tion says, "All other authorities or offices in the church manner in which the priesthood operates today, with are appendages to this priesthood."(D&C 107:5.)

particular reference to its offices and "appendages."Various other passages name specific ordained callings

These matters are of vital concern to all who hold the priesthood. Again, as with the previous presentation, it would be well to make the matters here

presented a subject for study in a regular quorum business meeting.

Now to continue our analysis:

10. Where is the priesthood found today?'*

Priesthood is found in the Church of Jesus Christof Latterday Saints—which is the kingdom of God PRIESTHOOD

on earth—and in that Church only!

President Joseph F. Smith said: "Many of ourgreat writers have recently been querying and wonIts Offices,

dering where the divine authority exists today to command in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, so that it will be in effectand acceptable at the throne of the Eternal Father. I Appendages,

will announce here and now, presumptuous as it may seem to be to those who know not the truth, that the divine authority of Almighty God, to speak inthe name of the Father and the Son, is here in the and Keys midst of these everlasting hills, in the midst of this intermountain region, and it will abide and will continue, for God is its source, and God is the power by as being appendages to either the Melchizedek or which it has been maintained against all opposition Aaronic Priesthood. (Ibid., 84:2930.) This means

in the world up to the present, and by which it will that as an appendage the office grows out of the continue to progress and grow and increase on the priesthood, is supplemental to it, and is less in imearth until it shall cover the earth from sea to sea."portance than the priesthood itself.

(Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, 5th ed., pp. 14. What is the relationship of the priesthood to

138139.) its offices?

11. How did we get the priesthood? President Joseph F. Smith summarized this relaWe got it from God himself who sent angelic tionship in these words: "There is no office growing

ministrants to confer it upon men in this day. John out of this priesthood that is or can be greater than

the Baptist, resurrected and glorified, came to Joseph the priesthood itself. It is from the priesthood that

Smith and Oliver Cowdery on May 15, 1829 and the office derives its authority and power. No office

conferred upon them the Priesthood of Aaron. Shortly gives authority to the priesthood. No office adds to

thereafter, Peter, James, and John—the ancient aposthe power of the priesthood. But all offices in the

tles—came to these mortal brethren and gave them Church derive their power, their virtue, their authorthe Melchizedek Priesthood. All priesthood bearers ity, from the priesthood."(Gospel Doctrine, 5th

now in the Church trace their authority back to ed., p. 148.)

these initial conferrals. This principle can be diagrammed by drawing a

12. What are offices in the priesthood? circle and cutting it into segments. The circle is the

Because of the multifarious duties to be performed priesthood, the segments are the offices in the priestin the Church, specialists in the various fields of hood. Just as the circle is greater than any segment,

activity are needed. Hence, the Lord has designated so the priesthood is above any office; and just as the

For the first nine topics, see the April Era, 186ff. segment is part of the circle, so the office is embraced

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Melchizedek Priesthood was conferred upon Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery before they left Harmony about the first of June 1829.

Then on the dates shown above, men were ordained for the first time to various offices in that priesthood. The

circle is the priesthood, the segments of the circle are the offices in the priesthood. Just as the

circle is greater than any of its segments, so the priesthood is greater than any of

its offices.

within the priesthood. to office in the priesthood. Ordained persons are

15. What offices are there in the priesthood? given the rights, powers, prerogatives, and graces

There are in the Aaronic Priesthood the offices of which appertain to the office involved. All ordinabishop, priest, teacher, and deacon; in the Melchizetions must be authorized by the presiding authority

dek Priesthood, those of elder, seventy, high priest, holding the keys and must be preceded by an approvpatriarch, and apostle. ing vote of the Church body concerned.

16. When were these offices first received in this 18. Can a man hold more than one office at a time?

dispensation? Certainly. For instance, a man serves as both a

As to the Melchizedek Priesthood: Elders were first high priest and a patriarch, or as a high priest and a

ordained on April 6, 1830; high priests on June 3, bishop, at one and the same time. But since the

1831; patriarchs on December 18, 1833; apostles on priesthood is greater than any of its offices, what is

February 14, 1835; and seventies on February 28, 1835. important is, not that a person receive any particular

As to the Aaronic Priesthood, only the following is office, but that he receive the priesthood and then now known from any authentic source: The first actually serve in valiance in whatever office or calling

bishop (Edward Partridge) was ordained February he may receive.

4, 1831; sometime in 1830 or 1831, Martin Harris was 19. What are keys?

ordained a priest, and on June 9, 1830, both Joseph Priesthood is power and authority. "But it is

Smith, Sr., and Hyrum Smith were ordained priests; necessary,"President Joseph F. Smith explains, "...

teachers were ordained before June 1830; and deacons that every act performed under this authority shall be

were ordained before October 25, 1831. done at the proper time and place, in the proper way,

17. How are priesthood offices received? and after the proper order. The power of directing

They come by ordination. The priesthood itself these labors constitutes the keys of the priesthood."

is conferred upon an individual, and he is ordained (Gospel Doctrine, 5th (Continued on page 279)

APRIL 1961 267 The Presiding Bishopric announces, with the approval of the First Presidency, the annual commemoration program for the restoration of the Aaronic

Priesthood.

Saturday and Sunday, May 13 and 14, 1961 have been set apart for Aaronic Priesthood outings and special programs for observing the anniversary of the restoration of this great priesthood.

May 15, 1829 is one of the great days of history.

On this day, the resurrected John the Baptist appeared and restored unto two divinely appointed young men the Aaronic Priesthood.

This marvelous event took place on the banks of the Susquehanna River near what was then the little settlement called Harmony, Pennsylvania. Joseph

Smith, Jr., and Oliver Cowdery, under inspiration of

the Lord, had been engaged in the translation of some golden plates which translation was to become the

Book of Mormon. Questions concerning baptism arising out of the translation led the two young men to

retire to the seclusion of the river banks for prayer. In

answer came John the Baptist, acting under the direction of Peter, James, and John, and by the imposition of hands gave unto them the Aaronic Priesthood.

He also taught them the principle of repentance and PRIESTHOOD RESTORATIONAARONIC instructed them in the true method of baptism. TheyTO BE COMMEMORATED

were then directed to baptize each other. Thus, after

a long period of absence from the earth, the Aaronic

Priesthood was restored in preparation for the return of the Melchizedek Priesthood and the restoration of the Church of Jesus Christ.

It is fitting that this great event be commemorated with dignity and devotion by all members of the

Church and particularly by those who are bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood.

It is suggested that Saturday, May 13, be set aside as a day of Aaronic Priesthood activity. The events

of the day should be carefully planned for constructive recreation. The overall objective in the planning

should be to create in each participant a conscious appreciation for the priesthood he bears.

Pilgrimages to spots of historical interest, to industrial plants, to places of culture, or holding sports events in parks, canyons, or other recreational areas are in order and -have been popular in the past.

The Saturday program may be conducted on a stake or ward basis. Senior members and Aaronic

Priesthood members under 21 may hold joint or separate outings or programs. The activities in either

event should be such as will interest the various age groups.

Stake committees should, in cooperation with ward bishoprics and ward committees, plan early and carefully for this event.

Where travel is involved, we urge every precaution

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for safety. Use public transportation or chartered priesthood and serves the Lord.

busses wherever possible. If private cars are used, 1. Opening song.

only persons of experience and maturity should drive, 2. Invocation—priest under 21.

and cars should not travel in caravan style because 3. Sacrament song.

of road hazards involved in such procedure. 4. Administration of the Sacrament by members of

The Sacrament meeting on Sunday, May 14, should the Aaronic Priesthood.

be devoted to a wellplanned Aaronic Priesthood pro- 5. Aaronic Priesthood chorus—"On Lovely Susquegram in each ward. Assignments should be made in hanna's Banks"—page 33, Aaronic Priesthood Choruses.

plenty of time and adequate help given to each (Copies may be obtained from the Presiding Bishopparticipant. Musical numbers and speakers should be ric's Office at 75c a copy.)

well selected and prepared for a spiritual meeting. 6. "The Story of the Restoration of the Aaronic

Where stake quarterly conference interferes, this Priesthood"—retold in detail by the general secretary

commemoration program may be delayed one week. of the Aaronic Priesthood under 21. 10 minutes.

7. Reading of Oliver Cowdery's description of John

Suggested Program for Sacrament Meeting the Baptist's visitation at the restoration of the Aaronic

May 14, 1961 Priesthood as written in a letter to W. W. Phelps—

general secretary, senior members of the Aaronic

Program Theme—Happy is he who magnifies his Priesthood. ( Continued on page 276

::,::::..:

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS In the Doctrine and Covenants is found the reAaronic Priesthood; Peter, James, and John in bringvealed word of the Lord, not only to the members of ing the Melchizedek Priesthood; Moses, Elias, and

the Church but also unto all people everywhere. It Elijah in restoring other necessary priesthood keys

contains many wonderful revelations given by the for the setting up of the kingdom of God in its fulLord in our day. It clarifies points of doctrine long ness. The majority of the revelations contained in

obscured by the darkness of apostasy. It reveals new the book, however, were received through divine

truths to guide our daily lives. It contains the cominspiration or the whisperings of the Holy Ghost.

mandments and many covenants of the Lord. It While as already indicated most of the revelations

places all mankind under obligation to receive them were directed to the membership of the Church and and live by them. Its prophecies warn the world of all people, some were addressed to individuals with

catastrophies to come and challenge all men to the implication that they were to apply to specific righteous living. groups or to the world generally. Section four, for

In his preface to the Doctrine and Covenants, example, is a revelation to Joseph Smith, Senior, section 1, the Lord challenges his disciples, the faiththough the salutation is in the plural and thus inful in the Church, to carry the gospel as contained cludes, "All ye that embark in the service of God...."

therein to all people. The revelations give direction and purpose toward

"And the voice of warning shall be unto all people, a balanced life and one's salvation. They counsel us

by the mouths of my disciples, whom I have chosen in our physical, social, and intellectual development in these last days''(1:4.) And of the contents of the as well as our spiritual wellbeing.

book he says: The purpose of the ward teaching message for May

"Search these commandments, for they are true is to stimulate all Latterday Saints to read and study and faithful and the prophecies and promises which the revelations of the Lord in the Doctrine and Coveare in them shall all be fulfilled."nants. It is important in the day in which we live

The methods of the Savior in revealing his will are that this be done. Each individual should read from

varied. On occasion he appeared personally to Joseph this book each day. Families shoidd study it together.

Smith and others. Many revelations came to the Nothing is more important in life than to know the

Prophet from messengers. Among these are the repurposes of mortality and what the Lord expects of

corded appearances of Moroni in introducing the us here. This is the challenge and message of the

Book of Mormon; John the Baptist in restoring the Doctrine and Covenants.

APRIL 1961 269

TODAY'S FAMILY. FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR Happy noises and clean muddles make up an enjoyable span of life. Once you were two, and now you

are six, eight, ten, or even a full dozen. Your family

has grown. To a stranger looking in, it may seem

confusing, noisy, and cluttered up, but you know better—there is order underneath. Of course, the

bedrooms have extra beds; the bathrooms are at a

premium; the living room has grown too small, and

the kitchen is always busy. But there is planned

order, so there will be contentment in every corner.are half There is a difference between a room being in a

muddle and a room being dirty. Muddles are made

of scattered toys, books, and magazines left around and an extra shoe here and there, but ten minutesa dozen and many hands can bring order out of this chaos—

not so with dirt! Filth is accumulated dirt, and it

has absolutely no place in a home.

One of the happiest places I knew as a child was a home where there were ten children. The mother

was a loving executive, a person who could organize each task and each child, but she never made the task more important than the child. They loved doing the

chores. She made a happy game of living. Love,

appreciation, understanding, and kindness overflowed even across the street to the neighbors. Money wasn't

plentiful, but good, nourishing food was. Meals

were on time and served with refinement. Some of

the dishes were chipped, but they were always shiny and clean, and there was always room for a visitor.

A woman who can accomplish all this is precious, priceless to her children, husband, and the whole community.

These busy, crowded years are short. Years fly,

but in their passing there are hundreds of meals to prepare. In fact, over a period of twentyfive years

there are 27,375 meals to prepare. The best thing

about all this is that you only have to get ready one meal at a time. Weekly planning will simplify these

thousands of meals. Don't let them be haphazard,

with food just thrown together and literally tossed at the family; that could become drudgery. Make

an art of it.

You will cheat your family if the meals you prepare are not wellbalanced and nourishing. You will steal

from them, too, if you carelessly spend the food money. Planning ahead every meal each week is the

secret of success. Take a pencil in hand and make

out a weekly chart of twentyone meals, then compile the grocery list and do the shopping all at one time.

APRIL 1961 271 We think that you will never see Better and more nourishing meals 4 tablespoons oil

Sprinklers better will be the result. Planned spending % teaspoon pepper

engineered than these! will save not only money but also teaspoons salt

time and energy. You will be the teaspoon thyme

benefactor. Let us do this very thing, % teaspoon savory

right now. With a family of small cup water

children in mind let's decide what y4 cup vinegar would be best for their growing, 4 medium onions, sliced active bodies morning, noon, and 8 whole carrots night. Below is a sample of a week's 8 stalks celery cut into inch pieces

planning: Mix the flour, salt, and pepper.

Sprinklers which gently water trees OUR MENUS FOR THE WEEK

Assure lush fruit... with farming ease!

RAIN BIRD sprinklers are engineered for fruitful irrigation with a IS&z&jfar- /—UHOdTZ&tt+t**-

minimum of care and maintenance.

Both overtree models and undertree sprinklers are designed for sci- 5 entific water penetration of soil or soaking. waste without /fj. Bird sprinkler en- 7%oZkThere's a Rain

gineered to meet your particular requirements. See your dealer or write for free literature. M

WESTERN

RAIN BIRD SALES 627 No. San Gabriel Ave.

Azusa, California TU

D.

a &h&zt

7'tbfjZe&lLSffy?

BRIDAL GOWNS I 77 FORMALS DRESSES LINGERIE

For Sunday morning breakfast Dredge pot roast in the seasoned let us have pineapple juice, waffles flour. Save the remaining seasoned

with honey butter, and milk. The flour for gravy. Brown the meat in

waffles may be made and lightly the oil. Add the thyme, savory,

browned, wrapped and frozen water, and vinegar. Cover tightly

ahead of time with only the warmand simmer about 2V2 hours. Add

to serving. toaster before continue in a and simmer Much vegetables 38 South Main Salt Lake City ing

of of the covered until vegetables preparation and meat the Sunday dinner can be done the day before. are tender. Make gravy.

Best Pot Roast (serves 8) For an informal supper, Sunday,

The most economical food wrap 4 or 5 pound blade or round bone serve onion soup and toasted English fruit muffins, as a roast and pass candy you can use:f

special treat. is a flour This very candy 4 tablespoons

KITCHEM CHARI11 WAXED PAPER 272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA special recipe concocted by Marba

C. Josephson, associate managing

editor of the Era. It is really a

nourishing food rather than an oversweet candy, but so delicious.

Marba s Fruit Candy (will make 24 bars

1 pound raisins 8 ounces figs 8 ounces dates 1 cup stoned prunes Juice of 1 orange Rind of 1 orange 1 cup English walnuts—broken

Grind together the fruits and rind of orange. Blend thoroughly with

orange juice and walnut meats.

Shape into bars. These goodies

should be allowed to stand 24 hours in order to ripen.

is dinner a carry Monday's over Let Wicks Custom Build Your Organ roast. the meatof Sunday's Make

pie with a mashed sweet potato crust. It is good to familiarize the Whether your church building is tinuous years of maintenancefree

children with a variety of textures one of traditional grandeur or performance.

flavors. will be Theyand so much

will modern simplicity, Wicks will The beauty of a Wicks pipe organ if they in this old worldhappier learn very young to like all kinds design and build a pipe organ knows no limits of time, architecof food. Do not force huge mounds to enhance its hallowed beauty. tural style, or adaptability to all

of new foods on them, but give them Expert voicing and tone regulathe functions of a church organ.

small samples of a different food, tion assure an instrument perand with the right build up you can fectly adjusted to. the size and Write today to find out how you

make an adventure of it. acoustics of the building. Pipes can play a Wicks pipe organ.

Tuesday's dinner is a tasty, nourand console are finished to blend No obligation.

ishing one with a delicious Vegetable with the church interior.

Beef Roll as the meat course. Often

it is hard for small children to chew Every Wicks organ is in itself a their meat and consequently much unique blend of the modern and of it is wasted. These rolls are so the traditional. Many of the delitender that they may be cut with a cate parts and fittings can only

fork. Make at least one roll for be perfected by human hands with

each member of the family. craftsmanship developed through

the years. In contrast, Wicks'

Vegetable Beef Rolls (serves 8) exclusive Direct Electric action is jpif:e organs

a product of modern technology to 2V2 pounds of round steak, cut... the most advanced action The House of Wicks

V2 in. thick available in terms of quiet operaWICKS ORGAN COMPANY

cup flour tion, instant response, and conHIGHLAND, ILLINOIS teaspoons salt teaspoon pepper cup drippings 8 small carrots, cut in strips tt n 8 medium potatoes 8 medium onions BURNED OUT 1 can mushroom soup REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY 1 can of water A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

Cut the steak into pieces about 3 with tremendous added expense before you find by 5 inches. Combine flour, salt, another.

and pepper. Dredge meat with the Let us explain your need for ample insurance

seasoned flour. Place 3 carrot sticks to cover today's higher values.on each piece of steak. Wrap steak

around carrots and fasten with a wooden pick. Brown the rolls slowly UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

APRIL If, 61 273 on all sides in the drippings. Add molds and chill. (This will separate top. Bake for about 30 minutes in

the potatoes and onions and pour and form a jelly on the bottom and a 350 degree F. oven.

mushroom soup diluted with the custard on top.) Serve with a fruit The Savory Circle is no more or

water over all. Cover tightly and topping. less than a tasty meat loaf baked in

simmer in a slow oven 300 degrees a ring mold. A \Vi quart ring mold

F. for about 2 hours or until meat Casseroles are usually favorites loaf would take an hour to bake in

and vegetables are tender. with the youngsters and also with a slow oven, 300 degrees F. Bring

Spanish Cream is a wonderful desthe budget. This Cheezy Mac is no it to the table with the center filled

sert for children adding more protein exception. It is high in protein and with creamed, yellow wax beans.

to their meals. It can set overnight delicious in flavor. The dessert is an easy one, and it

and be ready to serve from the delights the children. Arrange

refrigerator. Cheezy Mac canned cling peach halves in shallow

(Will serve 8) baking dish. Fill each peach cup

Spanish Cream (serves 8) with a couple of caramels. Heat in

1 8-ounce package of elbo macaroni slow oven until the candy melts.

1 tablespoon gelatin 2 7-ounce cans of tuna fish Top each peach with whipped cream 3 cups milk 1 15ounce can of tomato sauce and serve warm.

Yz cup sugar 1 V2pound package cottage cheese Start Friday morning out right

Ya teaspoon salt 1 4-ounce package cream cheese with peaches and cereal. Simply

1 teaspoon vanilla Vz cup sour cream warm canned cling peaches gently.

3 eggs 1 medium onion, minced Place a peach half in the cereal 3 tablespoons pimento bowl, fill with hot cereal. Serve

Soak the gelatin in the milk about 1 teaspoon salt with cream and a sprinkling of 5 minutes. Place over hot water % cup bread crumbs brown sugar.

and when gelatin is dissolved, add 3 tablespoons melted butter To change that old familiar macthe sugar. Pour slowly on the aroni casserole try adding chipped

slightly beaten yolks of the eggs. Cook and drain the macaroni; beef.

Return to the double boiler and cook whip the tomato sauce into the cream until thickened, stirring constantly. cheese, combine all ingredients, exChipped Beef Macaroni (serves 8

Remove from the heat and add the cept the butter and crumbs. Pour or 10)

salt and flavoring, then fold in the into a buttered casserole. Toss

stiffly beaten egg whites. Turn into crumbs with butter, and sprinkle on 8 oz. macaroni, ready cut

Save $34.55 Now!

KODAK SHOWTIME SelfLoading MOVIE PROJECTOR Threads itself automatically all the way through the projector and onto the takeup reel. Gives greater

brilliance and sharpness to your movies with new type lamp. Quieter operation. Features reverse and still,

too. Comes complete with selfcase.

$124.50 Was

PRICE $8995 SALE Nothing Down... Only $1.25 Week!

Come In, Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main273 S. Main2190 Highland Dr.

Phone or Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center St.

Order By Mail Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA % cup of butter or margarine Vz flour cup 1 quart hot milk Is the Cljurd) \tmVz grated American cheese pound 1 pimento, chopped Vz pound of dried beef 1 cup Rice Krispies in vour home? 1 tablespoon butter y

Cook and drain and rinse the macEvery week the Deseret News aroni. Melt the butter and brown

the chipped beef. Remove the beef "Church News"Section brings

and add the flour and then the milk. Latterday Saints together.

Stir until thickened. Add the cheese, It is an official organ of the Church

stirring until melted; then stir in and contains reports, instruction

the pimento and the dried beef. and news that should be in every

the macaroni. with PutCombine L.D.S. home. It costs so little. Mailin casserole top with the Rice and

Krispies tossed in the melted butter. this coupon now for information.

Bake in a 350 degree F. oven about

20 minutes or until bubbly hot.

Liver is a food all children should "CHURCH NEWS"learn to like, and many doctors sug143 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah gest that it be served at least once Please send me subscription information on the a week. "Church News."

Name LiverTomato (serves 8) Address 2 pounds sliced liver City State 4 tablespoons flour V/2 teaspoons salt Vz teaspoon pepper 3 tablespoons fat 3 medium onions, sliced 1 large can of tomatoes

Mix together the flour, salt, and pepper. Dredge the liver in it.

Brown on both sides in the fat. Add

the onions and tomatoes. Cover and

cook slowly for about 45 minutes.

The Saturday luncheon is a moist sandwich made with ground beef.

This is another easy one for the children to eat.

Steak Sandwich (serves 8)

beef ground poundJm 3 tablespov/xi.tablespoons finely1 grated onion

134 tpncnnnncteaspoons saltcalf

Vi teaspoon pepper "Andkingdom."I giveD&Cunto88:77you a commandment that you shall teach one another the doctrine of the 8 slices of bread

Butter and prepared mustard Sunday Night Study Groups Combine the first 4 ingredients thoroughly. Toast the bread on one HOME STUDY offers professional help and study outlines for your Sunday Night

side. Butter untoasted side of bread Study Group. Gain a deeper and more thorough understanding of Church doctrine

and spread lightly with the mustard. through the guidance of Latterday Saint teachers.

Cover each slice with ground beef mixture spreading it well out to the Please send a copy of your Sunday Night edges. Arrange on broiler rack 3 For further information concerning the study outlines, Study Group Brochure to

inches below the heat. Broil about mail this coupon to Name

5 minutes. Serve right away. HOME STUDY Address

Brigham Young University City Provo, Utah State

APRIL 1961 275 TYPEWRITERS especially suitable for Presiding Bishoprics Page 8. "The blessings and obligations

of priesthood service"—a senior mem107:99100; 84: GENEALOGY WORK (Continued from page 267) ber633-42. minutes-D&C

Priesthood 9. Aaronic chorus—

of God."SAVE!! "On a sudden, as from the midst "Come, All Ye Sons

25% to 60% of eternity, the voice of the Re10. "I am happy when I fill my

on Factory Rebuilts deemer spake peace to us, while the priesthood assignments"—a priest

PORTABLES - STANDARDS veilGod wascame parteddown clothedand thewithangelglory,of under11. "The21—6 blessingsminutes. I receive as an ELECTRICS the anxiously delivered lookedand girl the priesthood"—through LDS

Write For Free Literature for of the message, and the Keys girl—6 minutes. an LDS

Gospel of repentance! What joy! 12. "What it means to be a teacher

what wonder! what amazement! in the Aaronic Priesthood"—president

was racked While the world and of minutes. a teacher's quorum—6

millions Business Machines and Supplies distracted—while were grop13. happi- "Being a deacon brings

757 So. State ing as the blind for the wall, and ness into my life by giving me the

Salt Lake City 11, Utah while men were resting upon unopportunity to serve others"—a deacertainty, as a general mass, our eyes con under 21—6 minutes.

beheld, our ears heard. As in the 14. "My responsibilities as presiDISCOUNTS 'blaze of day'; yes, more—above the dent of the Aaronic Priesthood"—

glitter of the which May sunbeam, bishop. the its brilliancy face shed over the 15. Closing song.TO 40%CHURCHES FOLDKING then

AND OTHERS of nature! Then his voice, though 16. Benediction.

mild, pierced to the center, and his words, T am thy fellow servant/ disSacrament Meeting pelled every fear. We listened, we Everybody's Responsibility

gazed, we admired! 'Twas the voice The quality of the Sacrament meet-

K-3NO. TABLE of an angel from glory, 'twas a mesing is the responsibility of everyTEMPERED MASONITE

PLASTICIZED TOP FOLDING TABLE LINE sage from the Most High! And as member of the ward. The success

Kitchen committees, social we heard we rejoiced, while his love of it doesn't depend entirely upon gioups, attention! Dircctfrom- souls, our enkindled and upon of or his excellence we the the speaker factory discounts up—

Churches, to 40%prices the in of the vision were wrapt—terms. or the supporting program, message

Schools, all Clubs, Lodges and for was room organizations. Where are. new Our as MonAlmighty! these important good A

roe Folding FoldKing 1961 uncertainty doubt? Nowhere, had spirit choir contributes greatly to the Banquet Tables are unmatched

- for 7 quality, durability, MODELS. convento fled, doubt no more had sunk of should worship, every and ward ROLLING. ience SMOOTH, and handsome appearEASY HANDLING, STORAGE, ance. 68 Models and sizes. rise, while fiction and deception had have one, but many marvelous SacFREE—BIG 1961 CATALOG fled forever! rament meetings have been held

Color pictures. Full chairs, line tables, table trucks, and chair further, without the aid brother, "But, think dear of a choir. When

platformrisers, portable partitions, 53rd bulletin boards.

filled the for joy the meeting year. think is conducted and what a moment

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa our hearts, and with what surprise Sacrament administered and passed

we must have bowed (for who with dignity and order, it is wonwould not have bowed the knee for derful; but a meeting need not fail

such a blessing?) when we received even in the absence of these

EXCITING ADVENTURE! under his hands the Holy Priestconditions.

..."Perhaps the greatest contributing BEAR RIVER hood.

CAMP FOR BOYS 5 000 -Acre CHARLES RUSSELL. THE COWBOY ARTIST

Western Wilderness Camp For Boys 1018 BY BERYL STEWART

Outstanding Curriculum Charles Russell chose to paint snowcovered peaks,

Qualified Counselors Blue mists which rolled from dark oblivion,

Box 26 Foothill Station Red cliffs which hemmed in swiftly flowing creeks,

EL 9-8103 AndAcrossgumbohis canvasesflats ablazeswartwithtrapperswesternroam,sun.

Salt Lake City 8, Utah Fur traders come with goods for spring exchange, 550 Fifth Ave. New York Bullwhackers urge their freighting outfits home,

PLaza 7-3638 And cowboys trail the herd toward summer range.

We see men break a wild cayuse to ride,

The Blackfeet boast of victories in war,

Prospectors climb a rugged mountainside,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And scouts seek hidden valleys to explore.

with its new Charles Russell painted with unbounded zest

Era of Youth Section A cavalcade of men who loved the West.

is an ideal gift for 'Teenage young people

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SALT LAKE CITY'S Tletvett 'Zotet M factor to the success of a Sacramentmeeting is the individual radiation HOTEL of worshipful enthusiasm of eachmember in attendance. Aw TEMPLE SQUARE

"Let your light so shine before MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS men, that they may see your good Managed by Eva Simmons works, your and glorify Father which DOWNTOWN RATES:

is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.)

The Savior's admonition to his SINGLES $6.00 $8.00 DOUBLESdisciples indicates that there is an TWINS $10.00essence or a light that emanates

from each individual and touches the lives of those with whom he comes in contact. This light in some is

very weak and in others exceedingly strong and forceful. The intensity

of this light depends upon the will of the individual and his developed ability to emanate it.

The person whose light is glowing with intensity comes to Sacrament meeting, not primarily to get or receive, to give but or contribute.

realizes that the successHe of the FREE Drive inParking atmeeting, least for himself, deManager Clarence L West, hispends upon contribution to make EL 5-2961 PHONE it is successful. spirit His the Salt Lake City, Utah South Temple of 75 Westservice. looks to the needs of He

those about him. He glows with a

spirit of friendliness and considershimself on the committee to greet A NEW HAMMOND ORGAN others, especially strangers, and make them feel welcome. He sings At a NEW $COC00the congregational songs with enLOW PRICE J7J

thusiasm and spirit, and he wilfully f.o.b. Factory—Bench Extra tx:

lifts into himself the presence & of God 25.00 an.d 18.00 MonthMPe 'd-in the opening and closing prayers Down only

and during the Sacrament. He prays

for pulls and values the from speakHAMMOND ers those and from sing and who play. Extravoice

Those who come only to get, frequently go from the Sacrament New Hammond tone!meeting disappointed. They proThe exciting tones of three r

claim it a failure and criticize others keyboards yet you play only for its shortcomings. Those who one.

consider the Sacrament meeting their responsibility and come to contribute:*?..

to its success by letting their lights FREE HOME DEMONSTRATION shine attune themselves with the Call or write us now and we'll bring the new Hammond Extravoice right into your

Spirit of God and receive back in home. See it, play it, learn what fun it is.

rich measure. They commune with

God and renew their covenants by IlLtN DKU>. mU JIV. V.U. Ogden - 2546 Washington Boulevard

partaking of the Sacrament. These

values alone are sufficiently rewarding. The knowledge they receive

from the speaker joy and the they PEWS,PULPITCHANCEL DRINK theget from are programs wonderFURNITUREful byproducts. write for Free catalog jW The AND LOWDIRECTPRICES success of the Sacrament ficqo A delightful

collectivelymeeting depends upon J.RRedington&Co. whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.thoseeach individual's to concoming

tribute silently or otherwise by DEPT. 10 SCRANT0N 2, PA. AT YOUR GROCERS

letting his marvelous light shine with intensity. Its success to you individually depends primarily upon you. Bind Your Improvement Era's

For your Home and Ward Libraries

APRIL 1961 277 When David McKay must be built up, and we earnestly is only one of the many that have

Went on a Mission desire to do our humble part at home, come under our personal observawhether it is in preaching the gospel tion. As a result of that prophecy

(Continued from page 222) to the nations or laboring to and blessing, the Saints have been beautify Zion. greatly prospered, spiritually and

of the elders, and was proud to make "I need not try to describe my temporally, and, led by the precept this known, and to have such men to feelings to you in being privileged and example of our worthy bishop, labor with him. He commended the to meet with loved ones at home- F. A. Hammond, have erected a

Saints for their response to the early sweet, sweet home. Our journey model chapel at a cost of fourteen

call to meeting this morning, and overland was all we could have thousand dollars, all freewill offerexhorted all to give heed to the coundesired, arriving in Ogden without ings from the people.

sels they had received from the accident or death to mar the peace "The house is ready for dedication, brethren today, and to desist from of the company. We have had great which is to take place next month,

evil."(Ibid., 4564.) reason to say, surely the Lord is when President Taylor and others of

Under date of February 12, 1883, good and kind in all his ways to the Church Authorities are expected.

David McKay wrote a letter to those who are trying to keep his The Relief and Young Ladies SoPresident John Henry Smith, part of commandments. cieties are to prepare a public feast

which was reproduced in the Mil- "The Latterday Saints have no for all the people, where old and lennial Star: young, visitors and strangers, will be

"The spirit of gathering appears made welcome to partake, without to be increasing among the Saints, money or price, and all this liberality our a people who, displayed among to theircausing near them to draw in friends declare, are APRIL wouldbe to Father eachHeavenly and other. This manifest increase of BY VIRGINIA SCOTT MINER bondage and sin. Surely they must

faith and good works among the be serving the same master and

Saints is being felt for good, throughApril is a copycat. under the same influence that those

out the circle that the worthy Saints Now she looks behind selftaught and appointed high move in, among the honest in heart. And snatches gusty tatters of priests and scribes were, who

Baptisms are becoming more freWhat March winds she can find. thought that Jesus cast out devilsquent. The number of our traveling by the power of Beelzebub, the

elders has been reduced somewhat, prince of devils. We who know

but no doubt President Smith will But when she dances forth again—these things can well afford to cultiremember Scotland when wisdom Perhaps the selfsame dayvate the spirit of him whom we are

dictates to send us more help. We Behold her, robed in gold and green trying to follow and say, 'Father,

need elders of strong faith, or with And purple, just like May! forgive them, for they know notsome money in their possession. Both what they do.'

is best, providing they have wisdom "Our intercourse with our brethto exercise both at the same time; ren and sisters in their various orbut our experience has conveyed the ganizations, including Sunday School

idea to our mind, that, with cash fear of the threats of men or nations, and Primary Association, since our in the pocket, faith in a measure is as is evident from the improvements arrival, proves to us that the efforts allowed to take a rest."(Ibid., 45, that have been made in the past two of our worthy brethren and sisters

p. 173.) years alone in Ogden, Salt Lake, and who have been called and set apart

On March 12, 1883, the Millennial our own little town of one thousand to preside over and teach the young

Star announced that David McKay inhabitants, located twelve miles and rising generation the principles had been released from the presieast of Ogden, in one of the chamof the Gospel are resulting in good.

dency of the Glasgow conference to bers of the mountains. Many public It causes our very souls to rejoice

sail for home on April 11. Also that and private buildings have been in witnessing the growth and develJoseph W. McMurrin had been seerected; and what pleasure it gives opment of our young men and

lected to take his place. On April us to contrast the quality and style maidens. If, in the wisdom of an

30, 1883, the Ogden Herald anof our buildings today, with those allwise Providence, the nations nounced that David McKay had of a few years ago, when, in poverty, should be favored with the elders returned from his mission to we were thankful for a dugout, tryfrom Utah, and those young men

Scotland. ing to produce from the elements should be called who know no fear

In the issue of the Millennial Star, those things to sustain life, in a only to fear God and keep his comdated June 25, 1883, a letter from climate where there was frost every mandments, I know from the spirit

David McKay was printed. It was month of the year, until President manifest in them, that their testidated Huntsville, Utah, May 29, Brigham Young and a few of the monies in favor of the truth will cut

1883, and is as follows: brethren visited the valley, blessed like a keen twoedged sword. And

"We have been trying to take adthe elements, and commanded the it does not require much stretch of vantage of the beautiful spring earth to bring forth in its strength. imagination to understand that the

weather in fixing garden and farm And has it done so? Yes. The day is not far distant when the law

fences, etc., and some of the results prophet of the true and living God shall go forth from Zion. Who but

of manual labor have been seen and knew what he was saying and doing, those educated in the laws of the felt in blistered hands and aching and our eyes have seen the literal Lord should be selected to adminbones. The waste places of Zion fulfillment of his prophecy, and this ister them?"(Ibid., 45:411.)

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Melchizedek Priesthood: $AVE with SAFETY #M<

Its Offices, Appendages, Save at AMERICAN SAVINGS where and Keys your dollars earn the highest return consistent with safety. You avoid speculative

(Continued from page 269) risks, too. Every account is protected by

ample reserves, 38 years of service, plus INSURED ed., p. 136.) INSURED to $10,000 by an agency of the

20. Who holds the keys of the Federal Government.

priesthood? Start saving regularly, today!

"In their fulness, the keys are held by only one person at a time, the prophet and president of the Church. delegate any porHe may

tion of this in (Ame/dcan SavingA to another, power which case that person holds the keys of that particular labor. Thus,

the president of a temple, the presiHOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

dent of a stake, the bishop of a ward, GRANGER OFFICE: SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE:

the president of a mission, the presi3555 Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah 2186 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City 6, Utah dent of a quorum, each holds the HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

keys of the labors performed in that KAIMUKI OFFICE: HILO OFFICE:

particular body or locality. His 1 142 - 12th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii 109 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii

priesthood is not increased by this special appointment, for a seventy who presides over a mission has no more priesthood than a seventy his direction; labors underwho and n SALT LAKE CITY it'sthe president elders of an quorum,

for example, has no more priesthood than any member of that quorum. HOTEL UTAHBut he holds the power of directing

the official labors performed in themission or the quorum, or in other and MOTOR LODGE words, the keys of that division of that work. So it is throughout all Adjacent to historic Temple Square

the ramifications of the priesthood—Close to outstanding scenic attractions

a distinction must be carefully made umrl between the general authority, and the directing of the labors performed Featuring the beautiful new by that authority."(Ibid., p. 136.) ROOM 21. How are keys obtained?...yearround roof garden restaurant

in Keys to preside priesthood Your choice of downtown locations:capacities are setting apart. given by

HOTEL HOTEL UTAH LODGE UTAH MOTOR is a set brother to apartWhen an telewith with air conditioned radio, conditioned rooms rooms 500 1 50 airofficial is position, given he the keys vision, circulating ice pool, water, and convention TV swimming garage that enable him to preside in the adjoining lobby, Coffee Shop. facilities for up to 1500 persons.

particular field involved. When a Reservations through Hilton Reservation Service in all major cities.release occurs, the keys are withdrawn from the presiding officer of Max Dean, Manager

the organization and are given to his successor. ><;l>li'-c>-M-o-in<-<)'W-(}-<>-< i-o-n- >***<>*.

In our next article we will consider the oath covenant and of the CHURCH BULLETIN BOARDS IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARSpriesthood and one magnifies how his particular calling so as to become for Indoor I Aidssore throatin treatmentand otherof Canker,minor simplemouthan inheritor of eternal reward.

or Outdoor and throat irritations.

Use...

Famous DAVSON Boards HALL'SSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah... ChangeableLetter

Boards, Boards,And Satan trembles when he sees DirectorymentChalk and AnnounceCork Boards,Name

The weakest Saint upon his knees. Plates, etc. Bind Your Era's

—Cowper WRITE for free catalog. 1

A. C.

Dept. IE, DAVENPORT311 North Desplaines Street,& SON,Chicago 6,INC.Illinois for your home reference

library APRIL 1961 279 Customer: Where is the steak on your menu?

Waiter: There, sir, sirloin steak a la carte.

Customer: Good, wheel it in.

The path to cheerfulness After a certain amount of As David was asked to meet Goliath is to sit up cheerfully and TV viewing a fouryear-old in battle, he probably said, "Wait to act and speak as if startled his little sister with: a minute until I get a little 'bolder."

cheerfulness were already "I'm the Wrong, Ranger, you History records that this made there.—William James dirty crosser, get under rest."quite an impression on Goliath.

Only a mediocre person is always A candle loses nothingat his best—Somerset Maugham #1 by lighting another candle.

i

Then there was the SOME MODERN OLD PROVERBS little boy who woke A closed mouth gathers no feet.

'jiiiiiiii |- I with a puzzled look on Sunday mornTrain up a child and away he goes. W

'the ing; ran into J to rise Early early is a sure to bed and

in- a *"and bedroom television. sign you're fed up with

N/ quired of his parents, "Is this slow Sunday The man who stands on his own or Fast Sund ay?"feet is always admired in an elevator.

If I might control the literaIf a fellow has an empty stomture of the household, I would ach, it won't let him rest until guarantee the wellbeing of he fills it. Too bad an empty

the church and state.—Bacon head doesn't do the same.

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COPR. 1961, VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY, PACKER OF ALL FINE CHICKEN OF THE SEA PRODUCTS

I i 1 NEW RECIPE ONE BRAND that's all prime fillet, pressurebaked IDEA V >JJl JL LJ XN XjL our own way to protect the natural protein and flavor! For consistently high quality, make your brand Chicken of the Seathe tuna

with the mermaid on the label CHICKEN OF THE SEA TUNABURGERS

Cut 4 hamburger buns in 3 horizontal slices. Mix one 9Mounce can of

Chicken of the Sea tuna, 1 tbsp. chopped onion, K cup chopped celery, 1

tsp. lemon juice and 2 tbsps. mayonnaise. Cover

middle bun slices with tuna. Mix 2 tbsps. each mayonnaise and catsup. Spread on bottom bun slices;

The authentic Tunaburger served at the

Chicken of the Sea Pirate Ship Cove at Disneyland top with sweet pickle slices. Make double deckers.

Wrap in Reynolds Wrap Heavy Duty Foil. Bake

in moderate oven (375F.) 15 minutes. Serve hot.

NOW IN NEW 9%-OUNCE FAMILY SIZE!

You probably have this card:

H""1?*-, 0CIA!iJfS|SEC:iJRi'rv

oooob-oooo mHAS BEEN ESTABLISHED FQfi

John Q. Public

SIGNATURE eG.VuMie \\

FOR SOCIAL SECURITY PURPOSES MI FOR MNTIFOTiDH

But do you have what you need to go with it?

WBmmmmmmmmm\m\umnwmmmmmnmt\mm nil

Many families have never taken the trouble to find out just how much they have accrued in their Social Security account... what old age

benefits they are entitled to... or how much life insurance they should

have to round out their retirement income program.

Your Beneficial agent is highly trained to recommend the best program *. LifeBeneficial

*. for your present income and your future needs. Ask him to call on you Co.Insurance

Beneficial Building '. soon... or mail the coupon below.

Salt Lake City, Utah t Over half billion dollars of life insurance in force

Please send information about how much life insurance I needto supplement my Social Security. BENEFICIAL IIFE

Name ompanu Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD.

City Zone State.