Temple at Cardston, Alberta, Canada

In This Issue Alberta Her Golden Years by C. Frank Steele

AUGUST 1955 Inside and out,

you get lovely

color schemes

for your home

with Pabco

paint, roofing

and siding.

Pabco knows

color and

knows that it

is important

to you. That's

why Pabco

offers such a

wide range LooK paint,of colorsroofingin aMeadand siding.

Remember, too,

Pabco's famous

quality means

years of better

protection

for your home.

Look for

Pabco paint,

roofing, siding

where you see

this emblem.

PABCO PRODUCTS INC., 475 BRANNAN STREET

SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA

tiS&sgm&Bgm

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

OnCentralan expeditionAustralia, intoCharlesthe P.desertMountof

ford at the end of a dry journey found his five camels each drank an average of 24 gallons or 240 pounds of water, with no difference in appearance. He

recalled another explorer after a threeand-a-half day dry journey reported his camel drank 43 gallons!

Njwis researchfinding thaton theteethstructureconsist ofof teethmore than calcified tissue, mainly tricalcium phosphate and calcium carbonate. Dr.

R. F. Sognnaes of Harvard School of

Dental Medicine reports that evidence now indicates that the enamel is permeated by a delicate organic framework, of a fibrous keratinlike protein with a small amount of a carbohydrate protein complex to serve as a coating for the fibers and bond between mineral crystals.

rcE element osmium of the platinum family is the most dense of all the elements, being 22.48 times heavier

than the same volume of water and nearly twice as dense as lead.

TPkE evaporation in terms of inches of -I water each year varies greatly with the latitude; for example, in the Atlantic Ocean it varies from 37 inches at

40 north (nearly as far north as New

York City) to a maximum of 67 inches at 15 north (as far north as Honduras).

The greatest precipitation occurs in the

Pacific Ocean in the region of 5 north, just north of the Equator.

NOT a fashion designer but a student of fashion cycles, Agnes Brooke

Young believes that the bustle type skirt will be back about 1970 because the full skirt, with us in 1935, will be followed by the next change in 35 years.

Taste follows a cycle of three styles in skirts; tight or tubular, full or bellshaped, and offcenter or bustle.

TTVie ancient Mesopotamians used -*- straws or reeds for sucking beverages from a vessel. One picture even

shows two people drinking from the same vessel at the same time.

AUGUST 1955 545.

.* Seek after Icebreaker"in the Cold War?

Great by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Treasures of

world's available supply of coal, oil, and Knowledge.. M oscowas an has'icebreaker'selected inAustriathe Europeanto serve as much energy (we are told) as the

situation."Thus declared the Neue water power. The transformation of the

Zurcher Zeitung (Zurich, Switzerland) sun's energy into productive use, some 1. HIS MANY in an editorial May 1955. By that date think, may develop as rapidly as the soMANSIONS France, Russia, and the United Kingdom called "atomic age."Peace is an essenBy Rulon S. were under different management from tial condition.

Howels that at the year's opening. The West 3. A German foreign policy, ambivbeliefs of The and West, a soveralent towards both East Republic may had become German

Chrismany the as anticipated. state, Germany, independence well be eign and Austrian tian churches

accurately was being celebrated in Vienna. The economic balance wheel of Europe,

compared to new "balance of power"in Europe was rather than as an Austrian or Swiss

L.D.S. docemerging; and with other world de- "neutral,"will be the first step.

trines. $2.25 velopments, a new era. 4. German strength, if displayed with

To illustrate how swiftly the "cold wisdom in the next decade, could, howwar"was deteriorating, let us review ever, influence a further relaxation and

T0RY oi * thebreaker."preliminariesAfter tento yearsthe "Austrian icewesternization culturalof the Sovietflow Union.and ex-A

of futile effort to secure change from the West an Austrian treaty, Chancould follow German cellor Raab was suddenly goods into Soviet markets, invited to Moscow on and German agricultural

March 25, 1955. Arriving machines and methods,

on April 13, his work into waiting Soviet fields.

was completed on the The influence of the 17th. On the 20th, the Ukraine as potential polRussian* issued a note to icyweight within the Sothe Western powers inviet orbit is in point.

2. DF STORY If j weit ta viting them to the Vienna conference. 5. Granted certain conditions, a slow PEARL THE

OF GREAT Within another thirty days the deed was and painful realignment of Russia toPRICE accomplished, to the mutual satisfaction ward the West is not inconceivable.

By James R. of Messrs. Dulles, Molotov, Pinay, and Even religious revival and the gradual

Clark of the Austrians. decline to and totalitarianmention communism Eden—not

complete The possible. condition is event, of the entire ism, are to Fundamental A basic

story of the origin and course, was the steady development the maintenance of a preponderance of contents of of the MarshallTruman-AchesonEisen- power and influence in the west. Glathis Standard howerDulles foreign policy aiming at cierlike Russia (as John Hay and his

Church work.

$3.00 the revival of western Europe and westfriend Henry Adams said) will not

ern Germany. The Moscow invitation "melt"and "flow"into an Atlantic

3. IF I WERE IN MY TEENS to the Austrian Chancellor paralleled community by means of candlepower

A* brilliantly written series of articles US Senate action on the Paris treaties. and candle influence. Greater light and

from "The Improvement Era."An inThe foundations for these treaties were greater strength will be required as a

spirational guide for all teenagers. laid in 194748. In the belief that permanent feature of that accomplish-

$2.00 offhand forecasts may contribute toward ment.

a hopeful future, let us indulge in some 6. AngloAmerican unity, US rapport

—Order by Mail or Thru Bookcraft Dealers—speculation. with the farflung British CommonBOOKCRAFT Aug. '55 1. There is basis for expecting some wealth countries, and western hemi1186 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah relaxation in world tension. Russian sphere solidarity must continue as the

Please send the following circled books: governments are faced with diminishing immediate cornerstones of US foreign

1 2 3 agricultural production. Meanwhile the policy in this enterprise. This will help

for which I enclose check ( ) money order west is prospering. Its very example may influence many other powerfactors. It

force reorientation of Russian policies. will also create problems—especially in ( ) for $

2. The prospect for economic expanAsia, where US support for the European

Name sion encourages hope everywhere for a colonial powers is our principal diffiAddress steadily increasing standard of living. culty.

City State Western Europe is booming. Automa- 7. However European colonialism in

tion is increasing individual output of Asia can shortly be visualized as a thing intelligent workers with modern maof the past. Presented at the present

chines. Atomsfor-peace, the promise of time is opportunity for vigorous new

solar energy, abundant crops, Salk vacapproaches by the NATO countries in Bookcraft cine—work, wealth, and health—suggest their relations with the AfroAsian

1186 SO. MAIN SALT LAKE CITY a marvelous future. The sun's rays, in realm.

a single fortyeight-hour period, contain (Continued on page 606) 546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There's not enough food for you and the bugs

As any backyard gardener knows, you have a fight on your hands from the moment you turn over your first spadeful of earth.

At every step, fungus growths, weeds, and insects that chew, insects that suck are waiting to destroy your lawns, trees, plants, flowers. It is a disheartening

struggle for Greenthumbers...

a roundthe-clock fight for commercial farmers.

Fortunately, there's a growing list of weapons we now can wield in the battle against bugs. Some

of the most effective have been developed in the laboratories of California SprayChemical Corporation, a Standard Oil Company of California subsidiary. In 1907, we brought out the

first basic lead arsenate to stop the codling moth, a rampaging fruit crop destroyer; later, the

invention of newtype summer and dormant oil sprays safely checked scale and other insects.

Other Standard research achievements have been chemicals to kill aphis, mites, thrips, and similar sucking insects...

dusts to destroy fungus diseases like rust, blight, mildew...sprays

and dusts custommade to knock out such public enemies as the devastating grasshopper, boll weevil, hornworm. Other pestkillers boost milk production

from our dairy herds, help beef cattle fatten faster.

One good reason you live in the world's bestfed nation is because insect invaders have been held back on our farms, ranches, and orchards, thanks in part to

Standard's constant hunt for new ways to make petroleum do more things for you.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

AUGUST 1955 '547 KJfHcial (-Jrqan o THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, ''The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jke (church of

r*J r VOLUME 58 r NUMBER 8 AfuquitllJ 1955 r of oLaiterdau faints

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON NOTICE

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. The limited space available at the TemEditor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE ple in Berne, necessity the Switzerland, and

- Editors: F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT DURHAM of for of provision attendance the making G. HOMER- - R. JR. HARRIS, FRANKLINContributing NIBLEY MILTON HUNTER HUGH

- A. B. various missionaries our in Saints the LEE SIDNEY PALMERS. and B. SPERRY CLAUDE - PETERSEN General Manager: Associate R. Manager:- CURTIS ELBERT BERTHA that required missions have European

- Advertising Business F. Manager: D. GILES S. SCOTTREEDER JOHN VERL services to dedicatory admission the be Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARRDirector:

restricted only to those who bear nontransferable cards issued by the European

Mission Presidents.

In order to obtain one of these cards it will be necessary for each visitor from

The Editor's Page wardsdedicatoryand servicestakes towhopresentdesiresa recommendto attend a from his or her Bishop, endorsed by the

To The Teacher President David O. McKay 557 Stake President. If the visitor is from a

mission outside Europe, he must present a recommend signed by the President of his branch, endorsed by the President of the

Church Features mission.July 8, 1955

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY Your Question: Administering to the Sick.Joseph Fielding Smith 558

Through the Eyes of Youth—The First Principles

- LuAnn Montgomery 569 -Jke C-eover The Way of the Church—II: Two Views of Church History

Part 2 Hugh Nibley 570 The Alberta Temple, from a color photoThe Church Moves On 552 Presiding Bishopric's Page 594 graphsubject bythisMaymonth.E. Brunson, is our cover

Melchizedek Priesthood 592

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

50 North Main Street Special Features Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Archaeology and the Book of Mormon—IV—White Indians Copyright Salt1955 Lakeby MutualCity I,Funds,Utah Inc., and

Milton R. Hunter 560 published by the Mutual Improvement Asso-

A Stake President's Case for MIA. George Z. Aposhian 562 ciationsterday ofSaints.the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.Christ of SubLat-

price, scription in $2.50 a year, advance;

in $3.00 a year, subscriptions, advance;

single copy. The Chord of a Choir—Life Editorial 564 foreign25c

The Tabernacle Choir...Joan H. Iverson 564 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Alberta Marks Her Golden Years C. Frank Steele 566 Utah,mailingas atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

Selected Excerpts from June Conference Addresses 572 forthorizedin sectionJuly 2,1103.1918.Act of October 1917, auThe Spoken Word from Temple Square TheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era is butnot responsiblewelcomes confor

Richard L. Evans 580, 584, 604 tributions.panied by sufficientAll manuscriptspostage formustdeliverybe accomand

Exploring the Universe, Franklin*. -.545S. SoftballCold War?Park, G.AlbertHomerL. Zobell,DurhamJr.....546..550 return. Harris, Jr

These Times, "Icebreaker"in the Your Page & Ours 608

National Advertising Representatives

Today's Family S. TOWNSEND EDWARD St. COMPANY 110 Sutter Let's with Martha Czech Cook

California Francisco, San Allie 596 Roubicek, Howe EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

672 Lafayette Park Place Los Angeles 57, California SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Poetry New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

DAVIS & SONS St. N. LaSalle Frontispiece, Poetry Page.556 30 Late Moon, Catherine

Illinois Chicago, 555 E. Berry

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations 548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

papery

'.'-.

Q'C<$uGARygAteDDOU(9WNU7s ZEE -WBAJfU Openapackageofreadyto-bakehi W 'th s<< cutter, cut ho e of "erous/y with rUSh,ted me, e,nbut""cen NAPKINS ris* 10 to 15 minutes. B al PaCkageds. -eshake,a few at?t:il Let

Sugary Baked Doughnuts are buttery!

But so delicious and easy to handle with a gay ZEE Napkin. New ZEE Napkins

are so soft, yet so much more absorbent you rarely need more than one per meal.

They're strong when wet. No washing

no ironing for you! In colors, too!

ZEE pWueG]tiw>

tfr Crown Zellerbach Corporation

Hear this New Organ!

EVERYONE SAYS:

Sounds just like a Pipe Organ"

Jay W. DeGraff, director of softball for the Church, Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric, and Elder George Q. Morris of the Council

of the as Twelve Elder watch Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

breaks for ground softball the diamonds. new TRIUMPH; N TONE '

Idetl for Chunh, SOFTBALL PARR

Chapel, School... by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

of fot the home! RESEARCH EDITOR

You'll marvel at the amazing is expected that the allChurch and a special type of press box to true organ tone, everyone says It softball tournaments will be played allow press and radio personnel to just "sounds like a pipe organ!"

You'll little in August in the new multidia- see all four diamonds. surprised be how

this CLASSIC model organ mond softball park now being con- A five -acre parking area will be costs. easy it is to how own. structed by the boys and men who adjacent to the softball park. You'll readily.. agree with organists and music lovers everyare expected to reap most from the Ground was broken for the project

where who acclaim Conn as softball program as outlined by the on June 7 by Elder Harold B. Lee of

"America's Finest Electronic special softball committee of the genthe Council of the Twelve who is Organ."

eral priesthood committee. chairman of the general priesthood

for in a recreation area committee need of the The Church. was asHe

sisted has long been City felt by Lake by Elder George aunes M7Music Salt of Morris Q.

It is leaders. the becoming Church Council of now is the Twelve who

J 4547 SOUTH MAIN a reality as volunteers from than chairman more of a special softball 5aftakeC/fy com145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO J 2260 WASHINGTON BlVD.,OGPEN twenty stakes are working side by mittee, by Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson

9* side.Located on Church farm property ofElderthe JaysoftballW. DeGraff,committee,softballand diby

at Second West and Twentythird rector for the Church.

South streets, the park will have four Much good, socially, fraternally, complete playing fields, which will and spiritually, has been realized bv enable a minimum of thirtytwo those who have worked together on teams (sixteen games) using the facilthis project. And that good will con-

"Where Courtesy is a Custom ities nightly. All four diamonds will tinue to increase as the facilities are

and Service is Dependable"be adequately lighted. Grandstands used in the future.

BUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM will be provided with a seating The all -Church Junior softball capacity of twentyfive hundred. The tournament (for boys twelve to

grandstand construction will provide eighteen) will be played at the new for showers, dressing rooms, dugouts park August 16 through 20. The allthe bleachers, under and senior softball on the Church tournament

DODGE PLYMOUTH level ground a concession will be (for those nineteen or over) will be 1000 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

"Utah's Largest DodgePlymouth Dealer"stand and storage rooms. Atop the held there August 23 through August

grandstand will be a control tower 27.

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a new book by LYNN McKINLA Y

The Spirit best plae The to buy Giveth Life Church Boohs The First Principles of the Gospel—faith, repentance,

baptism, and the gift of the discussed Ghost Holy—are and relates these that Supplies in a way

great principles closely to our daily living. More than

being mere expressions of belief, these principles are revealed as dynamic forces that can bring about a Deseret Booh Co. lyspiritualaffectingrebirth,our lives.profound-$2.00

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

2. IF I WERE IN MY TEENS

This new book brings together in one volume a series of articles originally published in "The Improvement Era."These articles, written by some of our

most respected leaders of youth will be especially valuable guideposts for young people seeking happiness and success. Some of the subjects discussed

are: Family Relationships, Choosing a Vocation, Building A Noble Life,

Prayer, College, and Marriage. $2.00

3. THE STORY OF THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

A renewed significance is given Jamesto TheR.PearlClarkof Great Price by this outstanding work, which is the product of years of research. The restored extracts from the records of Adam, Enoch, Noah and Moses—of Joseph Smith and the restoration of the records of Abraham and Joseph—and the significance of

The Pearl of Great Price writings to modernday life are among the subjects studied. $3.00

4. THE WORLD AND THE PROPHETS

Dr. Hugh Nibley

Dr. Nibley has made an intensive study in a startling new field, and in

this book comes up with enlightening discoveries. He tells how prophets,

seers, revelators, false prophets, and mystics, from the time of Christ to the present, have fared. You will find this a great and stimulating reading

experience. $2.50

5. READINGS IN LD.S. CHURCH HISTORY—Volume II

Alma P. Burton and William E. Berrett

This volume covers one of the most dynamic periods in the history of Western on June Smith the of Joseph and Hyrum America martyrdom—from

It contains 29, 1877. many27, of Brigham 1844, to the on August death Young,

significant extracts from letters, private journals, and other original sources that are not readily available to students of L.D.S. History. $4 75

6. THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS AND THE FUTURE

Roy W. Doxey

This book gives the history of the Doctrine and Covenants and the conditions under which these truths were revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is

one of the best supplementary books on Church scriptures, and will aid you greatly in interpreting and gaining insight into basic church doctrine. $1.25

7. FOR TIME OR ETERNITY?

Mark E. Petersen

Within the pages of this fascinating book there is a beautiful love story, and,

obligations the preparations consider and beforehand. one must This

especially to appealing—andbookat theis same time, valuable information on the significance of Temple Marriage people parents. $2.00 maturing young and their

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge to my account for the following encircled (numbered) books:

3 4 5 6 7 12 enclosed $. DQseret i III Booh Co. Amount

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah Name

Address."...

Open a convenient charge account at Deseret Book City Zone State

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

AUGUST 1955 551 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

May 1955 A YWMIA preconference camp A general session of the annual MIA institute was held at Fairmont conference was held in the Salt Lake

Park City. in Salt Lake Tabernacle direction the of the under Stake organized was 2 Q Redondo Roadshows and of First Presidency the drama San Juan the Church. from portions of the Inglewood

Outpost were presented in the MIA (California) Stake, with Leslie Elder fiftyof session concluding The the festivals. Lloyd Prestwich, first formerly counselor sixth of conference annual the Mutual

in Inglewood Stake, as stake president. The allChurch relays opened in the Improvement Associations was under the

Elders Alfred O. Pardee and Edwin. M. University of Utah stadium with Mesa direction of the speech department.

Wheat were sustained as counselors to (Arizona) Stake winning the shuttle Title of the program which was prePresident Prestwich. The Redondo race and Roy Van Orman winning the sented in the Tabernacle was "Out of

Stake is made up of Hawthorne, Lawnjunior mile. Alpine Second Ward, AlDarkness."

pine Stake (Utah) placed second dale, in the Beach, Manhattan Redondo, ReElder Petersen of the Council Mark E. race, shuttle and of Ronald Thomas dondo Second, Gardena, and Torrance

of of the dedicated chapel the Twelve Fork, Spanish Utah, placed second in wards. is 4484. The membership PresiVista the Mountain View and Monte the mile. junior dent Austin Gudmundsen was retained

Hillside City) Stake. (Salt Lake as president The Stake, of the Inglewood MIA June dance festival opened wards,

with Elders Ralph G. Chalker and at the University of Utah stadium.

this Proceeds Robert Smith sustained to the as his counselors. year went Taberin Salt Authorities Lake Church J$ Elder trip Choir Chalker fund. European was formerly second nacle stating received cablegrams City

counselor. Inglewood, Westchester, that the LDS missionaries laboring in

Westchester Park, Second, Morningside safe Argentina were during the unrest June conference of the Mutual [ |) The Lennox, and Centinella wards now make country. Associations Improvement currently in that of the

up the Inglewood Stake, with a memChurch opened with an early morning bership of 3875. President Joseph Fieldreception on Temple Square and genof ing Smith the Council of the Twelve eral sessions in the Tabernacle. dediPresident David O. McKay [Q Elder and Richards LeGrand of the The shows and three act MIA road of the the chapel East Encated

Council in charge were of the Twelve drama were repeated as the drama festisign Ward, Ensign (Salt Lake City) of this organization of the two stakes. val. Stake.

Redondo Stake is the 220th stake of the

Church. The allChurch relays in the UniverPresident Stephen L Richards of the

sity of stadium Utah Sherald saw James First of dedicated the Presidency chapel Elder E. Peterson, Heber formerly

of Brigham University Young break the the City North Eighth Brigham Ward, counselor,second succeeded Elder Zelph in record meet the special mile event Stake. Elder Box (Utah)Y. first Erekson as to counselor Presiof 4:22.0, with Bruce of Johnson Farmdent Carlos G. of Smith, Jr., the Cottonof Fielding President Joseph Smith ington, right Utah, behind him. Denny Stake. (Utah)wood Elder E. James of the dedicated the the Council Twelve of Critchield State Idaho College wasFaust succeeded Elder as Peterson secof chapel East the Clark Rigby Ward, third, of and Morris Mike placed Utah counselor.ond Stake. (Idaho) fourth.

festival dance again preThe was 221st New Orleans in the Stake—the June 1955 sented in the University of Utah formed portions from of staChurch—was

dium. the TexasLouisiana ElMission, with Ezra Taft of the Benson 2 Elder der Clive as presi- M. Larson sustained Council of the the gave Twelve

baccalaureate sermon at Brigham Young For the most part, the MIA June dent, and Elders Mark B. Weed and

University. conference day was taken up by Clarence E. Call sustained as coundepartmental sessions. selors. The stake, with a membership

During commencement exercises at Two performances of the music festiof approximately twentysix hundred, is

Brigham Young University an val were presented in the Salt Lake comprised of seven wards and six honorary degree of doctor of Christian Tabernacle in the evening. branches. Wards and their bishops are:

Orleans, B. Clayton Hurst; New Batonservice conferred was Elder Harold upon It was that announced during the Rouge, Floyd A. Bennett;B. of Lee of the Hammond, Council the Twelve, year ending 31, MIA 1954, some May Dean Watt; Day Columbia, Bardie of an of degreeand honorary doctor regular services 82,355 held, were MIA Hattiesburg, McDaniel; servicepublic E. Joseph conferred TalElder was upon during rich, spiritwhich some 576,485 bot; Biloxi, Coletti; Joseph Liberty, ofEzra Taft the Benson of the Council lessons ual presented. were

Twelve. Walter H. Blalock. Branches and their

Elder Richard L. Evans of the Counpresidents are: Gonzales, Jesse Gausey;

cil of the Twelve gave the inaugural- [ 2 Second Assistant General SuperinPride, J. Gardner Aucoin; Albany, C.

baccalaureate address at Utah State tendent of the YMMIA David S. Derald Murphy; Bogolusa, James Leroy

Agricultural College. King addressed the nationwide audience Jenkins; McNeill, Ava Ray Gill; Bayon

of the CBS radio network's "Church ol La Croix, David Wainwright. New

J Elder Harold B. Lee of the Counthe Air."His subject was: "Oh, Youth, Orleans Stake was organized under the

cil of the Twelve broke ground Put on Thy Strength."Music for the direction of Elders Harold B. Lee and

for the new Church softball park in program was furnished by the music Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the

Salt Lake City. festival orchestra and choruses. Twelve.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gjplflMI

xwm&%$$$$4$jj$i &. $ $P#:

from blueprint to installation

CHASE

copper tube and fittings for drainage

Fast, easy installation of waste, vent and soil lines—that's what you

get when yon install lightweight Chase Copper Water Tube and Chase

SolderJoint Fittings.

What's more, drainage systems made up of rugged Chase Copper

Water Tube and Chase SolderJoint Fittings are leaktight, nonclogging, corrosionresistant... good for years and years of economical, troublefree

service. Available through Chase plumbing and heating wholesalers from

coast to coast.

When you buy products made by Chase Brass and Copper Company, you buy Utah mined copper.

Kennecott Copper Corporation PggsP*6 A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

AUGUST 1955 553 SAFEWAY Works Daily With and For

Thousands of Utahns

Safeway has a big stake in Utah and a citizen's concern for Utah's well being.

885 Safeway Utah employees received $3,541,876.37 in wages and salaries in 1954.

171 Utahns own 16,863 shares of stock in Safeway Stores.

1954 in products Utah following SAFEWA Y purchased the Total

Purchases Purchases or Resale for Purchases Utah of Outside Use or Resole for Products Utah of in Utah Use $ 6,784,534 $ 1,929,904 Livestock and Meat Products $ 4,854,630 490,606 68,042 422,564 886,117 376,855 262 59 'frozen) canned, (fresh, Fruit 2,732,630 1,398,813 1,333,817 canned).... and (fresh Vegetables 116,335 42,698

'73 Juices Vegetable Fruit & 2,703,852 1,050,907 - 1,652,945 j. nProducts 865,907 Dairy 245,709 S 1,186,453 474,151 E".. 712,302 t: Vu 1,034,343 Sugar 312,954

Goods &(beet). Sweet 2,004,986 Bread 1,482,043 482,081 2,196,799 1,714!718 "T";:Products I H7Other

TOTALS $ 1 3, 1 38,405 $ 7,864,157 $21,002,562

Safeway Stores, INCORPORATED

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jki

: $fy "'-''"'M'-::

.... ',.-:.

he moon is only a golden blur Tonight in the eastern sky, Shrouded by clouds that are closing in, Late Moon DVeiled by the wind blowing high.

Catherine E. Berry A late half moon that is signaling

The end of the harvest rite;

Its glow is dim on the stubbled fields

And the empty plains tonight.

No more its light through the leafy trees, No more its silvery gleam Beckoning down a flowerstrewn lane,

Dancing on ripples -in the stream,

When its thin, pale crescent comes again, The nights will be bleak and cold;

The tree limbs bare, and a winter wind Blowing through months that are old.

AUGUST 1955 555 Ifg

SULTRY NIGHT MUSIC UNSUNG MY HEART REMEMBERS

By Frances C. Yost By Mary Lucretia Barker By Beulah Huish Sadleir

the with fulness of a summer moon, T sultry a was such corn and the pool are green with hen night, The heart remembers: My Sultry hot dry. and water,

Sheets, which in should be cool and fresh between But somewhere your laughter, WhenI draw fromimages,otherandsummers'reenactconsciousness as alkali. Seemed with silk watercool, Laced and

of an hour. The beauty Tossing, turning, fitlessly, Ripples its own light, lilting pool.

over adversity, it is I triumph Then... Sleep is so conniving.

red roses, Pluck strange noises What at this hour? is is colder, year air dark, the and The whisper your name. Is And a guest arriving?

I older, have you grown and And much Tapping on windowpane my cascading merriment But still

Is PIONEER the WOMAN longawaited rain. that Twinkles the went. once you way

And pools that are deep and corn that is By Helen G. Jefferson

SMALL CHILD SWINGING Recallbendingto my heart that there is an ending * he walks toward setting sun with roughlet your feet; shod By Edythe Hope Genee To laughterplant and to liquid; but O is firm in spite of whispered tale step Her

and watersweet Be silksure trail of the all dangers the arrowed all the days Of first n hild, tasting the of draughts mad after! thirst, heat. desert and cholera, Indians, The

space, they meet eyes unclouded remain when Her trees the to rush you, Do down meet pale, lips of skull ox; or the Burnt wagon

is far the brook While below? HIGH she MOMENT lifts heights must to eyes which her She

is in the bird a treetop of the wind The scale;

sky tearful Lot's wife glance implores reBy Eloise Wade Hackett No Bringing you music from the phantom treat.

stars.... in cool north woods, and deep wandered are clutch the singing to smallYour hands is the Book; clasped Holy around hand One heard rope

its a has in she found pages Schooled of of the wind. pines tops In sough... summer lifts of to clouds. the worldThat you

spring its I the smelled were boughs balsam when flying arcs, swiftly in passHours tears. Over faith triumphs living which Of stirred still of in the sky blue Like crescent moons

little eyes son leads young whose her She tart tasted plums, wild crimsonand And childhood.

skinned. look

I stroked white birch bark, that epitome With eagerness for what the West may, bring; smoothness and, on looking upward AND DAY BEGAN Of trust has given him a shield from fears! Her through

By Mildred Goff Thick interlaced green branches, I could OLD CARPENTER see tallest of blue. pine a patch the Above I earliest heard sound morningHpHE Alta Carson By

I since such been humbled by have Not bird. of a the whisper waking Was awe

I first these: see of his trappings were could 1[e the things trade keeps andThe

in quiet that wood; overwhelmed As me *-* trees star, willow and morningThe wears

I tasted, smelled, heard, touched, that All sky. pewter lace a againstBlack full rule, nails, of apron an Hammer, and saw little by. breeze wandering went in his squares, pencil cap, theA handy A I that stood quickened awareness So my gold.Slowly, a cloud turned now And at jobs, small does But he seldom which infinite at design In wonder an the rose red brow above sunThe fails.

...... in part Revealed remembered now ran, hill. shadows eastern an TheOf is to old scaffolding too the climb He still mine: began. gone, night and day wasAnd joists set the uprights place. in and each Or

He watches others heft the beam and swing

The rafters to the loft. His weathered face

THE WELLDIGGER Records the progress of the younger men:

A scowl at error and a nod for skill.

By Clara Aiken Speer Because of his great age they are as children

Je was a big man, carelessspoken, rough, In need of counsel and advising, still.

Whose home was that old drab house His talents lessened, will to use them on the bluff grows Where unkempt children played, and And the old ways were better: that he knows.

clothes for nine Seemed always to flap ragged on the line. THE TALISMAN

We village children held him lightly till By Gene Romolo

We'd see him bring his lumbering rig WHITE ROSE Tn this atomic age, downhill is earth quivering When C. Johns Cameron By felt here to road. the was we ThenAnd blasts of From bursting bombs one uncertainty, And

of streams strange the knowledge hadWho sleep the in rain of dust than Softer like fear stalk. specters And

that run silver gathers the Darkshadowing dark The dawn way, shadows underground; deepIn wanderings mystic of breast is a close There talisman, morning; holds To the

he a could with unique wisdom poundThat hills Against of the sky outline the If treasured in heart, the bit steady of earth shock with chosenA Before rift the sun sudden pall Will the can climb of gloom like rock. atTill flowed, the water Moses its first riser of to ascent grace. The the glorious dims That

Now the robin seeks the grassdeep fare Of intelligence ray

And we would watch him, silent and upAnd, shaking slumber from petaled eyes, And make less long the plod right, You lift to the new day a white rose face Of overweary feet...

Till master and machine were out of sight. From the long past of remembering. The talisman is God.

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;:js3\3v>sKS53sEft53\5>C'

To the Teacher 9)

i by President David O. McKay

One of the most memorable scenes in all scripIt was also that divine personality which antagoture happened presumably when Jesus, after nized the impure, the evil.

a short stay in Perea, was on his way to In the realm of personality, in the kingdom of

Jerusalem to attend the passover feast. We do character, Christ was supreme. By personality,

not know in what village he entered when this I mean all that may be included in individuality.

beautiful incident occurred, but it is significant Personality is a gift from God. It is indeed a

to remember that the conditions in Palestine in pearl of great price, an eternal blessing.

that day so far as women and children were conFellow teachers, you and I cannot hope to exert, cerned were entirely different from what they are even to a small degree, the personality of our great as we of the Church of Jesus Christ know them Teacher, Jesus Christ. Each one's personality

now. Women and children were placed in the may be to the Savior's only as one little sunbeam

background, so to speak. But here we have Jesus, to the mighty sun itself; and yet, though inthe Redeemer, honoring women and children. finitely less in degree, each teacher's personality

Somewhere, sometime, undoubtedly the mothers should be the same in kind. In the realm of

of that village had heard him. Some irresistible character, each teacher may be superior and be I

power accompanied that Teacher which they had such a magnet as will draw around him in an not felt from any other being, and motherlike, indescribable way those whom he would teach.

they desired to enjoy no happiness which their But no matter how attractive his personality children might not share. And so we read that may be to the members of the class, that teacher

the mothers brought their infants that they might fails in his work who directs the love of the child touch him. As they crowded near this divine only to the teacher's personality. It is the y)

Teacher, the disciples, still tinged with the prejuteacher's duty to teach the child to love—not the

dice of the Jews, would have pushed them back, teacher only, but the truth also. Always, everyrebuked them, as much as to say, "Trouble not where, we find Christ losing himself for his

the Master."But when Jesus saw this action, Father's will; and so the teacher, so far as his perhe was much displeased and said, "Suffer little sonality is concerned, should lose himself for the

children to come unto me, and forbid them not: truth he desires to teach.

for of such is the kingdom of God."(Luke 18:16.) Now as to preparation—when the people came

Teachers, what more inspiring words can you to Jesus and asked him for bread, they were never find in all the world than that! What more subturned away with a stone. He always had truth

lime lesson can be given than you find in these to give. He understood it. It radiated from his

words! being. Second, he understood how to use illusAnd then he laid his hands upon them, and trations, the natural things around him to impress

blessed them. that truth upon his hearers. In other words, he

Two fundamental principles of teaching, princiwas filled with his subject, and was enabled then, ples indispensable to the success of the teacher, to give that subject to his hearers.

suggest themselves by this incident. One is perThere are five things, among many others,

sonality, the other preparation. It was the divine which may characterize the successful teacher in

character of Jesus which drew the women of the Church:

Palestine to him, which drew as a magnet the First, implicit faith in the gospel of Jesus Christ, children to touch him. It was that divine personand a sincere desire to serve God. This condition

ality which attracted men, honest men, pure men. (Concluded, on following page)

i52<C xxjL/C l/LUI o JL &/iy<AUGUST 1955 557

THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) Fifth, power to act nobly.

of the soul will merit the companionship and guidance of "If you want to be a teacher, just watch your the Holy Spirit. acts and walk;

Second, unfeigned love for the children, guided by a If you want to be a teacher, just be careful determination to deal justly and impartially with every how you talk."

member of the class. Honor the child, and the child will And so, my fellow teachers: I ask that every man,

honor you. every woman throughout the Church, determine with the

Third, thorough preparation. The successful teacher help of God to stand and maintain in the midst of the

studies the child, as well as the lesson. children of the earth a character unpolluted, unsoiled,

Fourth, cheerfulness, not forced, but natural cheerful- a character which is in substance the same kind as the ness, springing spontaneously from a hopeful soul. Master Teacher, Jesus of Nazareth.

..:........:::::;....

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Administering to the Sick

have a seventies'fireside that is dis- "And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and thef"Wecussing the Doctrine and Covenants, and Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins,

in the course of a discussion questions arose of which they shall be forgiven him."1

none had definite knowledge, which we would like anhis in laid Testament Jesus how the New We read swered:

times, individuals healed hands them. 2 At and upon

"If a man were alone with a sick person could he because of the abundant faith of the afflicted, the Savior anoint with oil and give the blessing and seal it bu himhealed them by just a word, but his command to his self? disciples lay that their should they the was hands upon it "Is to proper anoint the afflicted parts body? of the sick. This that ordinance not one introduced was was

it "Is permissible to administer oil the internally? first for in the time the Dispensation of of the Meridian

it "Is proper to elder for an take with him a brother for in the Time, are Testament Old cases numerous holding of the Aaronic Priesthood to assist in administering healing. interesting very cases are the raising of Two

to the sick?

the widow's son by Elijah;'the similar restoration 5 and

"If a man and his wife were alone with a sick person, of the dead son of the Shunammite woman. 4 This great

could he anoint with oil and then seal the anointing with gift was manifest after the resurrection of Jesus during his wife assisting using the priesthood she holds jointly the sojourn of his apostles on the earth. Following their

with her husband?

passing the spiritual gifts ceased and the anointing with "James says when a man is administered to if he has oil and the blessing of the sick came to an end; not besins, committed shall they he forgiven these him. How does cause longer gifts were needed, no but because

the elder get to remit his power sin?"departed souls of the from faith had priestthe men and

hood had been taken from the earth. Henceforth the

During the past few weeks several quescry has been heard that these gifts were only intended tions have been received from different for the days of the apostles and are no longer needed.

parts of the Church asking these and like questions in Nevertheless, there have been many times when sincere, relation to the administration of the sick. Therefore a devout people who have endeavored to observe the comdetailed article on the question of administration seems mandments of the Lord to the best of their knowledge

to be in order that these several points which, seemhave been blessed and healed through the prayer of ingly, are not understood may be made clear that no faith. The prayers of honest souls who sincerely seek

confusion may be found among the members holding blessings from the Lord are often answered and the Lordthe priesthood. accepts their faith.

Administering to the sick has been an ordinance of this In dispensation the Lord has given spoken and gospelthe practised the from beginning the auwhen in relation to the commandment administration of thethority of the priesthood has earth. been found on the

sick in the following words:

usual is stated procedureThe by James:

"Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any "And whosoever among you are sick, and have not

merry? let him sing psalms. faith to be healed, but believe, shall be nourished with

"Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of '-James 5:1315.

the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him 2Mark3I Kings6:5,17:1924.13; 16:18; Luke 13:1213.

with oil in the name of the Lord: m Kings 4:2535.

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA all tenderness, with herbs and mild food, and that not "If a man were alone with a sick person should he by the hand of an enemy. anoint with oil and give the blessing and seal it by him-

"And the elders of the church, two or more, shall be self."

called, and shall pray for and lay their hands upon them If an elder is alone and no help available, and he is in my name; and if they die they shall die unto me, called on to administer to the sick, he has full authority

and if they live they shall live unto me."5 both to anoint and seal the anointing.

The detail in anointing and blessing the sick is as "Is it proper to anoint the afflicted parts of the body?"

follows. Two or more elders should be called for the No. The anointing should be on the crown of the

purpose. One elder should pour the oil from the bottle head. (It could be a matter of impropriety to anoint

containing pure olive oil, which has been consecrated, afflicted parts of the body.)

upon the crown of the head of the sick person. (One drop "Is it permissible to administer the oil internally?"

taken from a medicine dropper is improper, nor should the oil be poured from a spoon.) The brother anointing No. Taking the oil internally is not part of the adill wish to take oil inshould not seal the anointing but leave that to the second ministration. If persons who are

elder who offers the prayer of administration. The sick ternally, they are not forbidden, but many sicknesses will

person should be called by name in the anointing, and not be improved by oil in the stomach.

it should be done in the name of Jesus Christ and by "Is it proper for an elder to take with him a brother authority of the Melchizedek Priesthood according to holding the Aaronic Priesthood to assist in administering the revelation, and to the end that the sick person may to the sick?"

be healed. After the ordinance of anointing is finished, This question has been answered by the First Presithe elders present, two or more including the one who dency and Council of the Twelve as follows:

anointed, will lay their their hands upon the head of "... it was the sense of the Council... that the

the sick and offer a prayer in faith in the name of Jesus practice [of administering] be confined to the elders;

Christ, and by virtue of the priesthood which they hold but in the case of absolute necessity, that is where an seal the anointing. If moved upon by the Spirit of the elder finds himself in the situation that he cannot avail

Lord, the brother who is voice may rebuke the illness and himself of the company of another elder, he may, if opbless with life and health. Prayers and blessings for the portunity affords, avail himself of the company of a memsick need not be of great length, that which is essential ber of the Aaronic Priesthood, or even a. lay member,

should be uttered and then the prayer closed in the but for the purpose only of being supported by the faith name of Jesus Christ. After the administration is finof such member or members, the elder alone to officiate

ished, it is wisdom for the elders who officiate not to proin the ordinance of administration; or the elder may adlong their visit but cheerfully withdraw. minister alone without such assistance of a lay member,

The following is taken from the MIA Manual of or one holding the Aaronic Priesthood."7

1902-3, pp. 5859: "If a man and his wife were alone with a sick person,

"The ordinance of administering to the sick usually could he anoint with the oil and then seal the anointing consists of two parts; The anointing, and the prayer of with his wife assisting using the priesthood she holds

faith. The first usually is performed by one of the jointly with her husband?"

elders. The sealing of the anointing is performed by all President Joseph F. Smith in The Improvement Era,

the elders gathered around the person and laying hands Vol. 10, page 308, answered this question as follows:

on him or her, one of them offering the prayer. The 1 'Does a wife hold the priesthood with her husband,

words to be used are not prescribed. In this anointing and may she lay hands on the sick with him, with

it is necessary to use the name of Messiah and to invoke authority?'

the power of the priesthood; witnessing that the anoint- "A wife does not hold the priesthood with her husing is performed for the purpose of healing. In sealing

band, but she enjoys the benefits thereof with him; and

the anointing the same name and authority should be if she is requested to lay hands on the sick with him, or used, the statement the anointing for and made that officer Priestother the with any holding the Melchizedek of sick is sealed, thehealing the disease rebuked, and

It she hood, propriety. perfect so with is no may do

ofthe blessing additions, promised. health conAny

thing and wife unitedly to aduncommon for a manditions, or promises that are dictated by the inspiration..."to their minister children.

of the Lord, should of course be set forth in the prayer.

Those officiating should exercise the strongest possible The wife would lay on hands just as would a member faith for the patient's recovery, and place themselves of the Aaronic Priesthood, or a faithful brother without thoroughly under the influence of the Spirit of the Lord the priesthood, thus giving support by faith to the because in such cases much depends on the faith of the ordinance. The Prophet Joseph Smith said, "Respecting

elders and the spirit that accompanies them. Faith to females administering for the healing of the sick, there

heal the sick is one of the most desirable gifts of the could be no evil in it, if God gave his sanction by healgospel, and should be sought by all the elders; and they ing; that there could be no more sin in any female

should be in readiness at any time to exercise this power laying hands on and praying for the sick, than in wetting in behalf of the unfortunate."the face with water; it is no sin for anybody to administer that has faith, or if the sick have faith to be healed

shall except things do, these ye not it be required "And 8 their administration."by Such an administration would

it, desire that the scripturesof might them you by who priesthood, not virtue of the be by but a manifestation be fulfilled; for ye shall do according to that which is

of faith. "6written.'

(Concluded on page 607) BD. & C. 42:4344. "'Journal History, Feb. 18, 1903.

Hbid., 24:14. sTeachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pages 224225.

AUGUST 1955 559 ants of the ancient Nephites—live

until after the discovery of America?

If so, are there available reports made by missionaries, explorers, and others who were among the first to have personal contact with white Indians?"

The answer is, "Yes!"Since the discovery of America, numerous reports

have come from the regions of the upper Amazon of South America, from Columbia, and Venezuela, from

Darien, Guatemala, and Mexico, and even from the northwestern Pacific

Coast of the United States, from New

Mexico and Arizona, as well as from the Mississippi Valley, to the effect that numerous white Indians were observed by the early Europeans and others who first visited those Indian tribes. A part of that authentic evidence is presented in the following

articles. Regarding these white Indians, Paul Herrmann, a German

scholar, has recently written:

... In many parts of the New World

there are white Indians, whose European discoverers time and again declared: "These

are not Indians!"The natives of America

are distinguished by a great variation in the colour of their skins. Alongside peoples

with markedly red skins there are others with pale yellow or bronze skins, and the

Dakota, Menomini and Zuni look almost white, although their physiognomy is entirely Indian. Besides these "almost white,"

but nonetheless Indian tribes there are peoples of completely European appearance, with white skins, fair hair, blue eyes, and altogether unIndian features. The white

Indians of Venezuela, who still exist, are mentioned in the chronicles of the Spanish conquerors, and the Boroanos Indians on the Rio Imperial in Chile were known to the conquistadores as "white Indians."

In North America too there is a whole series of white Indian tribes.... a

It is a significant fact of great importance that the first Europeans to—Photos by Otto Done visit Indian tribes in the Americas

Reproductions of murals from the inner walls of the "Temple of the Painted Walls,"did so and made their reports of white

Bonampak, Mexico, depicting white and dark peoples. Indians before there were opportunities for the intermarriage of the natives with the European discoverers

N THE PREVIOUS lSSUe of [of the Nephites] and is not destroyed and colonizers of the New World.

shall great day, that dreadful and Era in Improvement The is it obvious that various the 1 Thus, the Lamanites."be numbered among consider- a 1955), (July, of groups white Indians from came "that the the writer concluded Thus of evidence able amount illIkse some original ancestry. white Alpartially at least are ancient Nephites that showed which presentedwas

white and dark peoples lived in anaccountable for the white peoples who though various theories have beencient America from the time of the inhabited America between the dates presented by different writers—some

Irish, claiming others others Welsh, of 421 A.D. and its discovery in 1492 until ofclose Book of the Mormon

2 others Viking, A.D."ancestry and Hebrew Prophecies this land. of discoverythe

made by the Nephite leaders were Certain questions now arise: "Did for the American Indians—a vast

amount of evidence has accumulatedquoted, showing that a part of the any of these white peoples—descendNephites would not be destroyed at which indicates that the progenitors

the time of the destruction of their -MiltoniAlma 45:14.R. Hunter, "White and Dark Peoples of

nation; "but whosoever remaineth City,AncientJuly,America,"1955), Thep. 496.Improvement Era (Salt Lake 1954),3Paul p. Herrmann,175. Conquest By Man (New York,

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JHCHAIOLOGY and the BOOK OF MORMON

by President Milton R. Hunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Part IV

White Indians

of the white Indians were principally ter rendered the white Indians a the Nephites of Book of Mormon definite respect and protection.

days, who were of Hebraic or Israelitic Upon returning to Utah, I preorigin. sented the foregoing information to

I received my first definite evidence students at the Institute of Religion regarding the white Indians of Mexico who were attending the Utah State about twentyfive years ago while Agricultural College. Naturally they

taking; a class under Dr. Herbert E. inquired regarding the origin of those

Bolton, chairman of the history dewhite Indians. I explained that the

partment at the University of Calievidence indicated that they were defornia. In one of his lectures, Dr. scendants of the Nephites, because

Bolton stated that Father Eusebio many of those people joined with the

Francisco Kino, a Catholic priest who Lamanites and thereby avoided death—Photo by Otto Done

spent the major portion of his life at the time of the last destructive bat- A QuicheMaya young man at Chichicasdoing missionary work among the Intles which ended the Nephite nation. tenango, Guatemala, dressed in a typical

dians, wrote in his journal that he Mormon gives us this information in Quiche costume.

had discovered in the mountain region a letter to his son, Moroni, written of Sonora Mexico, an entire village shortly before the last great battle.... I make not myself known to the Laof white Indians. The Catholic padre To quote: manites... becauselest theyof shouldtheir hatreddestroytheyme.put to

described them as being superior in... we know that many of our brethren death every Nephite that will not deny the

appearance and culture to their have dissented over unto the Lamanites, the Christ.

over unto will also dissent more and many Christ; the will not deny I, Moroni, And characdarker-skinned neighbors—a...* them; for whithersoever wherefore, I can I wanderteristic prevailed throughout which 3

life. of safety the mine own 421 400 and between Sometime in times ofmost of Book Mormon

connection with the Nephites'su- A.D.—possibly toward the latter date The fact that many Nephites would

periority over the Lamanites. Father and probably more than twenty years survive the last great war, be numfollowing that those white also statedKino Mormon's death—Moroni

1:1-3. "Ibid., wrote: the with did not intermarry Indians 13:3031; 2 Nephi 3:1-3. 1 Nephi

bronzecolored ones, and that the lat4Monmi 9:24. (Continued on page 576)

—Photos courtesy Mrs. Dewey Farnsworth

White and dark Indian children of Darien. An entire family of White Indians of Darien.

AUGUST 1955 561 Stake A

. President's

for

—Photo by Deseret NewsSalt Lake Telegram

1am grateful for the gospel of leader in this position to be a full that this work may go forward unJesus Christ and for my testimony tithepayer. We expect all leaders to hampered.

of it. I have always felt in my attend their sacrament services and I am grateful for the high councillife that the worth of souls is great to be of service in their wards; and men that work with the MIA people.

in the sight of God, and I have felt then we expect support in the home, They give their time, not only at the that as a leader I must be an example and as we talk with the father or time of meetings, but they spend day to all my fellow men. As I think of mother, whichever the case may be, after day with these men and women.

the things that have taken place, and we get the full cooperation of both First they meet in a board meeting, as I kneel in family prayer, I can parties concerned. Then we feel that then in a superintendency and presinow recall the words of my youngest those who work give their time and dency meeting. There they discuss

son, who would say: their efforts and their talents for the the problems that they have to pre-

"Father, bless dad, since he is presifurtherance of the work and the savsent before the stake presidency.

dent of this stake, and bless us as ing of the souls of our young people. Then, when we as a stake presidency

children that we will be examples Likewise, when we call stake board meet with them once a month, all in this stake."And I have thought, members, we call for approval of the their problems are laid before us. We

"How could anyone go astray when names by the high council. Then we discuss these problems, and in return

he has loyalty and support within his give the names to the high councilwe receive all the complaints that own home?"This is the support that man in charge of this MIA work. they may have, and that same eveis necessary in the organizations of With the presidency or superintendning we meet with our bishoprics and

this Church. ency of the organization, this group place the problems before them.

goes to visit these people, or talk to There is no time lost in solving a

I think of the great MIA organizathem, and gets their pledge and supproblem. We believe that all things

tions in our stake. As we call the port that they, too, will work to the that ought to be done must be done

superintendency and presidency, we best of their ability in His great cause. now. We cannot leave a man or a

do not make a mere phone call and I feel that harmony is one of the woman wondering what he or she ask if they will accept the position. greatest things in the Church. We should do in order to complete hisWe go to them—-we talk with them must have harmony in our homes. or her work. It is like leaving an

we place before them the responsiWe must have harmony with the individual hanging on a thread. He

bility that is theirs. We expect every stake board, with all the teachers, dares not move for fear the thread

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA recall that when we first started as a We are about our Father's busistake the visits to our young people ness. For this reason our business

were very limited—I could count is the saving of the souls of these

them on one hand. I felt that in people. We feel that we must coorder to do the work of this Church operate with the general boards, and

as it should be done we cannot work I am grateful to say that we are, to only with the young people who come the best of our ability, carrying out to meetings: we must find out where the program that is handed down toCase all the boys and girls are. For this us by those in authority over us. I

reason our Young Men's superinhave not at any time seen anyone * tendency and the Young Women's go astray who will listen to counsel presidency prepared the names of all that is placed over him, because IMIA the youths in the stake—the boys and know that that counsel is given to us

by George Z. Aposbian girls. Then they knew where everythrough prayer, through inspiration,

one was, what he was doing, and and through hard work.

PRESIDENT, WILFORD STAKE when he was not in his place in For this reason we as a stake presimeetings. The work of enlistment dency are willing to give our time

on, went these and young women this to great support and organMIA is It will break. better that much

visited. I were notice a from handization. are willing to follow We either break, or the thread hand we

ful visits of that were in the made folin through, stake our and do we that rope support he and him a may visits beginning, the have now grown this low great through on program. sustain himself, I believe the time and

is the I am at heart a youth. I have spent to do it is when the problem arises. into the hundreds. Our work

of saving the souls of this men. For years the in promany, many MIA to goes the mind time back My reason out must go we gather and I gram, of the these and worth know I a youth. well was a when had We in those strayed, have those who I if who I people, that save only and know in our yard. back well This been had

are lost, somewhat those have who I will soul one perhaps saved have filled in. loosely farmer a As came

bit a become discouraged, bring and in to time hundreds come. to by of do plowing, one some

in. his them

it. fell in horses It soft feel I also facilithat was and have we many I believe in a good, strong stake

ties the muddy, in in horse stakes to and in our went and wards our up board, because of no group people his neck. that for be the was pawing can used great back He and MIA rise can any higher the than leaderforth the around program. edge with recreation nothing have many We

it ship that if has. this For reason

to hold centers, onto, said, of the beautiful "I and are them many man the leadership the stake and boards if I will to places, see go ofttimes get to let fear can and another we will do are they what to supposed do of horses to pull team in our boys out."I use go them. and him But And

it is (because the most important job left also feel is the horse, he as the sinking inasmuch which was Church at have the present) we will they deall its to willing deeper time. the spend fellow along Another with money

their vote time their talent and to little said, bit "Before that in as what a back, put comes we may man will forth it. They go with and work this to help will horse maintain, redecorate, ward gone."be placed He the in ward boards a such that way at buildings, the and support these a plank that edge the horse why they can engender enthusiasm and should might not go to have use something ahead we and hang onto bring about the accomplished purfeet, his them? with front a put and rope poses.

horse's the to around neck hold him. is the greatest buildWhat All problems are If important. an thing—a It before hours was the came man ing or a soul? is a youth To me individual to wants bring a problem back, but the horse the saved was by valuable. see clean, a honest, To upto it me, even though seem may alert of thinking someone wanted who right a young and young man trivial, woman to it is that person vital, very

to give a helping hand. raised have been the who through for this and I reason willing to am I feel in this that the work same of channels the program and it all MIA give the time necessary as many is principle concerned. cannot We to then stake a can president come it times is as necessary, it whether leave our people in suspended the say, "I to and to the worthy go am be a once or week once a month, or

air. to go must with them, work We is of the house the greatest ten times a Lord,"—it willing be would week—I is now, to the and time solve now blessing that to indican come an to give that that time help we may their as problems, develop. they vidual, tears to and can our come solve these problems.

a have in our stake system We also eyes see this great when we program I feel that as go about this great we the secretary will where a commake its in fulness. out this in work Church must not carried we parative of report is that all work

to wait the answer that problems I believe come should support the we this accomplished; report comparative

before us our by brethren good and program, and give MIA should we is wards; by analyze made up and we

sisters to I meeting from meeting. to the bishoprics the backing they this report. places the know weak We it have said heard I problems need. when would compliment the bishplaces, the strong and prethen and

I have before some, come "Now, their hold who meetings am ops—all sent analysis the to bishops our and sorry this discuss regularly, we cannot problem every with month the MIA they in turn to bring work about a

for thirty days just because have teachers, we that officers and they may to solution the problems.

lie before

first and We are grateful for this work. I hadanothera meeting,one."andMany,we willmanynotthingshold solvethem—alltheir thatproblemsmake thatthis

*Adapted from session ning of the Square. a MIAtalk Junegiven Conferenceat the Sundayon Templemorcanlost inhappen,that periodand manyof time.souls can be foremostout their inwork.their minds in carrying

AUGUST 1955 THE CHORD OE A CHOIR (Reprinted by permission from Life Magazine) before the atomic The Tabernacle Choir H-bomb,Before the age, before World War II, before "the long Presidency,"before Hitler, by Joan H. Iverson

before the Japanese seized Manchuria, before the Great Depression, even before the Wall Street crash, long, long ago, summer of"1955 will see the tion of James Smithies, Charles J.

choir 15, a great 1929, 375 voice Julyon succesSands, Robert of diliyears and Thomas, Theculmination of many coastto-coast broadcasting frombegan in regularly choir took part sively, the Salt forth by the gent effort put Every Tabernacle. Salt Citythe Lake

Sunday morning in the intervening 25 Lake Tabernacle choir: for it will the services held in the Old Taberyears, winter and summer, war or peace, make an extensive concert tour of nacle erected on Temple Square in

rain or shine, it has broadcast its half Europe with personal appearances be1852. The choir commenced its

hour of hymns old and new, of Bach fore audiences in Scotland, England, career in the present Tabernacle in and Handel and of all sweet and stately Wales, Holland, Denmark, Germany, 1867 under the baton of Robert Sands.

spinetingling sounds from the whole Switzerland and France. Choir membership is drawn from

music. sacred of Christendom'slibrary is representative of all life and walks is in step a tour European The swells organ voices an the 375Behind occupations. professions and diverse of ranged that have of tours series a pipes.of 10,000 business lawyers, dentists, Doctors, earlier trips an during short in from of worship vast the house Like service and mechanics executives, tours extensive longer, more to period, sing, Choir Tabernacle the theywhich teachers, nurses, attendants, station has choir years. recent The of more by century ago a over foundedwas

Brigham Young. This Sunday marked had the privilege of singing before clerks, stenographers, students, housethe choir's 25th anniversary on the nalarge audiences from the east to the wives are numbered in its ranks.

tional air; it is the oldest coastto-coast west coast. Many members today are descendants

families.Those existence. in of Some members. former programsustaining of repertoire ap- a choir has The

(Sundays, the in this CBS, program member one than knowwho more have selections, among 850 proximately for arguments sons, E.S.T.) 1111:30 no mothers need and fathers choir: and oratorios, standard the are which its it, to or introduction to listening no brothwives, and husbands daughters, used currently anthems hymns, and L. Richard commentator,producer and rehearsals sisters, attend ers who and choirs, significant and church most by director, choir's the to or J. Evans, social the enjoy performances and and numbers, miscellaneous numerous Organists to or Cornwall, Spencer choir. life the within the to in secular, addition operatic and disciplined to or Asper, the Schreiner and four approximately devote Members busimusic. Saint special grandmothers, farmers, of Latterday thevoices

reto half weekly hours one and girls, deother andnessmen, high school is a fascichoir of the history The in addition performances hearsals and its enormous voted make who Mormons after weeks two Within one. nating to from in going and to spent the time them, and heard Millions have sound. Salt in the pioneers of arrival the the Tabernacle. the will hear hope, them we more millions,

in the years to come. It is a national Lake Valley, a group of singers was Evans Stephens, director from 1890

institution to be proud of, but what organized to participate in church to 1916, did much to bring the choir matters more is that Americans be linked services which were held in the before audiences outside the state of from ocean to ocean and year to year by Bowery erected on Temple Square in Utah. A musician from childhood,

the same brief respite from the world's Salt Lake City. This group of singers, he was born in South Wales. He

of a great chord week, common and by probably Parry, was directed later in years by John to and Utah came everthe and love and thoughts on God present the at England which from the nucleus the studied music New things. lasting

Life, July 26, 1954, p. 20. choir has evolved. Under the direcConservatory of Music. In addition

lumiiiiniimniiiiiiiiimiiiiiHiiiiiiiMiiiiiiHiiiiimmiiiiiiiiimmiiiimiiMiiiuiiiriMmi

Iff I

) m. i.# H m m

<1 *** 1: WW- *? m? fv*

TB HID

''Si ill %

M -!rs.ir* *

to directing the choir, he organized a group of 1200 juvenile voices for TENTATIVE OUTLINE OF THE CHOIR'S EUROPEAN CONCERT TOUR preparatory training for the choir. Wednesday, August 10—Depart from Wednesday, August 31—Amsterdam, Holconcert. land, City. Lake Stephens, In 1893 under Evans Sept. conThursday, the Friday,Salt at Greenock, August 1—Scheveningen, 19—Arrive atchoir the Fair World's competed cert Hall. at Kurhaus Scotland, 6:00 ap- a.m.—Disembark

concert, Sept. Saturday, proximately 9:30 a.m.in received Chicago the second 3—Copenhagen, and

Scotland, August 20—Glasgow,prize of $1,000 for its singing. In Saturday,

Hall. concert Sunday, at Odd Sept.Fellows4—Copenhagen,Hall. sacred at Kelvin

1896 a selected group from the choir Monday, August 22—En route to Manservice.

(146) gave concerts in Oakland and chester and London, concert at Manchester, England. Francisco. to CaliforniaSan A trip Sept. Weissand 8—Frankfurt August Wednesday, 24—Concert at CarThursday, concert. baden, in 1902. repeatedwas

diff, Wales. Sept. to Berne, Saturday, 10—En route persons 1909, In 25,000 August August Sunday, Switzerland, concert. 28—London.

at a.m. 10 to begin service Church Sept. Concluding Sunday, sing at Choir the Tabernacleheard 1 1—Berne. Albert at Royal 7:30 services dedicatory p.m.—Concert Exposition AlaskaYukon-Pacificthe Hall. Sept. concert. Wednesday, 14—Zurich,at Temple.

in Seattle, Washington. Under to route concert. London Sept. Saturday, August a Monday, 17—Paris, 29—Encloudless sky, the singers appeared on Brussels. Sunday, Sept. 18—Paris, end of tour.

a platform in a natural amphitheater in the open air. Twelve thousand

persons had occupied every available fore President and Mrs. William 260 members of the choir left for

seat more than an hour in advance Howard Taft and a large number of Chicago. For a week the choir memof the appearance of the singers, and invited guests, mostly from official bers sang twice daily to open air

that many more crowded points of circles. audiences in the Ford Symphony Garvantage for standing room. President For a number of years following dens. Representatives of the Ford

Chilborg of the exposition said, "It the appearance of the Tabernacle Motor Company, sponsors of the was the greatest musical audience Choir in the eastern United States the choir, said that the average audience that ever assembled on the Pacific group did not leave Utah. In July was larger than that drawn by a symCoast."1 1926 Anthony C. Lund, then the conphony which had been playing twice

The Tabernacle Choir accepted the ductor, selected a group of two hundaily in the gardens for the previous invitation to sing at the American dred choir members and presented two months.

Land and Irrigation Congress in New concerts in some of the larger cities Appearances since that time have

York City in November 1911. The of California. been numerous and well -received;

group visited twentythree cities and Fortyone years after the choir's California, twice in the succeeding gave twentysix concerts in addition appearance at the World Fair in Chiyears, and Las Vegas, Nevada, as well to the appearances each afternoon and cago in 1893, the choir was invited as in the various cities of Utah.

evening at the sessions of the Amerito participate in the Century of The significant tours taken by the can Land and Irrigation Exposition. Progress Exposition in that city. The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and the

During their stay in New York period of years had seen many changes forthcoming tour of Europe demonCity the choir presented a concert in in the state of Utah. In 1934 the strate that this remarkable body of

Madison Square Garden. The choir people that the choir represented were singers have helped win acclaim for

also had the honor of opening the enjoying statehood and a placid rethemselves and for Utah. Hundreds

official winter social season in Washlationship with the rest of the counof millions of people have been ington, D. C, with a concert at the try; but in 1893 Utah had been a tercheered and inspired by the broadWhite House. The choir sang beritory, eager for statehood. casts of its sacred concerts. Neither

Accompanied by Presidents Heber national boundaries nor the oceans

History Jesus Church -Journal of Christ of of the 11. 29, 1909, Saints, AugustLaltcrday p. J. Grant and J. Reuben Clark, Jr., (Concluded on page 591)

-Ph< Tabt ik C.h:

Aerial view of Edmonton, Capital of Alberta. Large edifice at right is Provincial Capitol Building.

A world of darkness broods over /*& the prairies. Here and there a spot of light from a farmhouse ALBERTA MARKS

or a splash of light from a town glows far below your airliner as you head north. The lights of Lethbridge spread out now; then in no By C. Frank Steele

time it seems your plane is over PATRIARCH, LETHBRIDGE STAKE metropolitan Calgary with her twin rivers, her great stores and hotels, the home of her famous Stampede—-a coming down in Edmonton's busy inwas on that date in 1905 that Alberta

fairyland of lights. ternational airport; Edmonton, Gatewas officially proclaimed a province

Northward you race through the way to the North, capital of the along with its neighbor on the east, night. Soon more lights appear.... young, vigorous province of Alberta, Saskatchewan. That great wheat

It could be Leduc where in 1947 a cosmopolitan, pretentious, fastest province is also celebrating its jubilee.

wildcat well blew in that started growing city in Canada. And so it is that every wind that blows

Alberta's fabulous oil boom, turning And it is here this year Alberta's over the Canadian plains this year theTexas—theprovincemostovernightAmericaninto provinceanother Goldenberta, whereJubileethefestivitiesprairiescenter.meet Althe carriesHalf witha centuryit theor breathmore agoof history.covered

in Canada. mountains, shed her territorial status wagons and prairie schooners were

Now a sea of lights looms ahead, and became a province of the Canadiheading for the prairies of Canada's strings of lights, fingers of lights tracan confederation fifty years ago. last great west. The Big Land Rush

ing streets and avenues, lights in fac- "Fifty golden years"the folk from the—ten dollars for a 160 acre hometories and shops and a towering hotel Peace River to the border boast as stead—was on and in the midst of

overlooking the silver outline of a they welcome the thousands of visitors this boom was Alberta. It was a coal

then. Most of itriver—the North Saskatchewan. Now to this suncountry home of over a and cow country

you spot the oval, floodlit dome of million people. It is just that and was still frontier. Many settlers were

another imposing structure. It is the more, much more. breaking the sod or clearing the park

capitol, impressive in its traditional As the gala days of the jubilee are lands farther north, often with oxen.

lines. counted, the interest mounts. The The first motorcars were frightening

By now you have guessed it, you are climax will come September 1, for it the livestock along the country trails;

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LDS settlers from Utah had built Henday in his fascinating account

Western Canada's first irrigation sysagrees with them.

tem and were developing its first beet Along with the traders came the sugar industry. Spring wheat, desmissionaries—Catholic and Protestant.

tined to make Alberta famous, was As early as 1845 the famous Belgian just getting a foothold, and the cattle explorerpriest, Father Pierre Jean ranches were being pushed back de Smet, was a missionary among the deeper into the hills. The wire fence Alberta Indian tribes making his epic

had arrived. The whole West from journey that year to Rocky Mountain

the Red River to the Rockies was House to persuade the Blackfeet to astir, and along with it Alberta was make peace with the Kootenays. This

headed toward a new era. same Father de Smet met President

Agricultural history was made early Brigham Young and his pioneer comin the century when John Silver of pany on the plains, and told them of

Lethbridge, a settler from Utah, the Great Salt Lake Basin which the raised 40,000 bushels of spring priest had explored before his journey wheat on a thousand acres of dry to the Pacific Northwest and into land. "Silver's Folly"they called Canada.

that pioneer venture, but it spelled a In 1877, three years after the North new day in the economy of Alberta. West Mounted Police had built Fort

At that time, too, the range sheep in- A closeup of a section of the Temple at Macleod and driven out the lawless dustry was expanding in southern AlCardston. Montana traders who were swapping

berta, introduced by stockmen from buffalo robes for "firewater"with the

Utah, while in the north the days through central Alberta and made Indians, the tribes were placed on of the trapper and trader were yieldvaluable observations. He was the reservations as wards of the governing to the oncoming tide of immifirst white man to view the Canadian ment. The Catholic and Anglican

grants. Rockies, the first to meet the proud churches built missions and residenHowever, a lot of history had been and warlike Blackfeet Indians, and the tial schools on these reserves which

written before the first creaking Red first white man to make a horse trade still operate; today other faiths, inRiver carts arrived on the Alberta in Alberta. Henday found the plains cluding the Latterday Saints, are

scene. Early fur traders had estabIndians had horses and were expert proselyting among the Indians under

lished posts, and the historian Burpee riders. the new and more liberal Indian polexpressed his opinion that "the first From a hill near Innisfail, Alberta, icy.

white man in what now forms the a few days after leaving a Blackfoot In the '60's and early '70's the vast province of Alberta was Anthony encampment of 322 teepees, Henday territory between the Missouri River

Henday of the Hudson's Bay Comstood on a hill and in wonderment and the South Saskatchewan was litpany, who traveled from York Facviewed the Rocky Mountains eighty tle known. Captain Palliser, sent out

tory (on Hudson Bay) to a point in miles to the west. Great, icecovered by the British Government to explore

the Red Deer country northwest of peaks pierced the sky for thousands the Canadian section of that area,

Calgary in 175455."of feet. The range disappeared at had led his party through southern

Henday was a bold and resourceful last in the clouds as it spread into the Alberta into the foothills and mounexplorer. He traveled, often on foot, north. The Indians called Alberta tains. Waterton Lakes Park area was

across northern Saskatchewan and the "Land of the Shining Mountains."(Continued on following page)

Mountain border, Chief S Canadian—U

InternaGlacier of entry, Waterton Cochrane Ranch of the LDS Church about twentyfive miles west of Cardston, attracport tively situated at the foot of the Rockies near Waterton Lakes National Park. tional Peace Park.

AUGUST 1955 567 dent Card returned south to meet the

Alberta Marks Her Golden Years oncoming original company traveling (Continued from preceding page) sioner for the Gait company at the overland in covered wagons. Among

named by the Palliser party for a time. the number was his wife, "Aunt Zina"

famous English naturalist. Palliser in The Latterday Saints had early Young Card, cultured daughter of

his report pronounced the treeless established themselves in the new President Brigham Young, and now prairies, the "Palliser Triangle"as it country. In 1886 President Charles remembered as the "Mother of the

came to be called, unfit for agriculture Ora Card of the Cache Stake in Utah Canadian Colonies."

and hardly fit for human habitation. was called by President John Taylor They met at Helena, Montana, and

How wrong he was! That same area to go to Canada to find a new home a joyous meeting it was. Later with

became the breadbasket of the Emfor the Saints. President Card had President Card leading the wagon

pire. planned to go to Mexico, but his train, the immigrants headed north

But when. the '70's dawned the terleader, English by birth and a conthrough Montana crossing the line

ritory was a wild, unmapped, lawless vert from Canada, promised him that into Canadian territory June 1, 1887.

land. The Hudson's Bay Company north of the border the Saints would On June 3 their wagons rolled into

had kept out competitors in the fur "find British justice."He found in the valley of Lee's Creek where the

trade. The Mounted Police had not southern Alberta a suitable country first settlement in Canada, later

been formed. for colonization when he and his named Cardston, was started. On

first religious banks the on the 5, camped June of Sunday, its steel companions laid Pacific Northern The 1886. As he colony. 24, in October the The Lee's Creek, held service was Montana, Benton, as Fortas far west

President to do, the authorized and in a tent, among Card settlers was met Alberta for the off placejumping place as a gathering the land blessed that day was that testimonies heard the before or more decadecountry, a

Canadian Pacific ventured into the for the Saints. of Jonathon E. Layne, who made a

West. In the spring of 1887, President prophecy relative to the building of

in Canada. a temple brethren of the a number and law Card Police brought Mounted The

to Canada. his proceeded of of stake families first Cardfounding The plains to and Alberta the orderand

at Creek, they Lee's arrival their Mrs. President and Card ston were: On of white for the coming thepaved way

site of first the the sod of on the broke the son Williams, Sterling Card, 80's, the in civilization, cattlemen the leader venerable their for settlement, marriage, a previous latter and by original later. the farmersthe When plow. the They planted holding of the Alberta recorder years many of Riders of "Silent thosecontingent

Presithis 588) (Continued accomplished, on page gardens, and

F. Colonel Plains"James underthe

Macleod reached southern Alberta in

September 1874, snow was falling, and their supplies were low. They

had trekked a thousand miles in their epic march. The prairies were black

with buffalo, but they were moving south! The outlook for food was

bleak for the Mounted Police. Fortunately, they were close to the

Benton Trail which led them straight to Fort WhoopUp where Lethbridge now stands. There, to their surprise

they found the Stars and Stripes fluttering over the fort. Needless to

say, it was soon hauled down as the traders scampered for cover. The

police moved west and built Fort

Macleod. It was at WhoopUp that

they met Nick Sheran, an Irish American from Brooklyn, who was operating a coal mine—the first in Alberta

along the Oldman; River valley. It

was around the pioneer mine that the city of Lethbridge was built by the

Sir Alexander T. Gait interests. They

opened up the coal deposits on a major scale. It was the Gaits who

later financed the first irrigation canal project in Alberta, the early LDS settlers taking the contract to build the canal under an agreement with the

Church. This was negotiated by C.

A. Magrath, valued friend of the Latter-day Saints, who was land commisMoving Church cattle from one field to a fresh one on the Church farm.

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and did everything to make it grow, but no amount of faith would make it grow. Faith and fact must work

together.

Beaumont said: "Faith without

works is like a bird without wings, though she may hop with her companions on earth, yet she will never fly with them to heaven."

There is the story of John's hiring a boy to row him across the lake.

When they were about halfway across, John noticed a W written on one oar and an F on the other. Quite

amazed, he asked, "Why have you written those letters on your oars?"

The boy smiled, looked up, and said, "W stands for work, F for faith.

I labeled them that way because of their trueness to fact. If I just row

'works'I'll just go around in a circle; if I just row 'faith'I'll go in a

circle the opposite way. But when

I make them work together, I'll row in a straight path."That's the way it

is with life and the gospel. If we just

use faith or works separately we won't be on the right path, but when we make them work together, we shall walk in the path of righteousness.

The Apostle Paul, a long time ago said: "Now faith is the substance of

things hoped for, the evidence of -Photo by Carl Bloch of Camera Clix things not seen."(Heb. 11:1.) We

'The Healing of the Blind Man see that it is absolutely necessary for us to have perfect faith in the Lord

Jesus Christ before we can progress

THE FIRST PRINCIPLES upSecond,the goldenrepentance.thread. I am sure we

by Lit Ann Montgomery are all familiar with the statement "No unclean thing can dwell in the

SENIOR STUDENT, DAVIS SEMINARY presence of God."If nothing unclean

can dwell in God's presence, we must are be sure worthy; but how do we

repentance? bring aboutI n the Articles of Faith we read: repentance?in that order?WhyWhywerecouldn'tthey itplacedhave we

first first principles first the believe that and laying or baptism, been on We illustrates steps story four the This first, in are: Faith gospel of the ordinances of or order? hands, some other Why sets of repentance: out Smith on John Repentance; Christ; second, the Jesus Lord

it so essential so that they was be Salt a to remisjourney for the from third, Lake Ogden immersion Baptism by sion of sins; fourth, Laying on of hands placed? Let us consider each of them Citv. He knows that his car will take

for the gift of the Holy Ghost. separately. First, faith in the Lord him there; he has faith that it will.

Jesus Christ. What is faith? To beThere is a paved road leading to Salt

That is the way we used to say it lieve in something. Then what is Lake City, but at places it is interin Primary; but what does it mean? belief? Are they the same? If I have sected by other highways. At one of

Why is the statement so important? faith in something, does that mean these manv intersections he takes a

There is a golden thread leading that I believe in the same thing? road which, if followed for long, will

through the four principles and Some faithful Indians were told that lead him away from the city and into ordinances of the gospel. Each prinif they planted gunpowder it would the mountains. Will John reach Salt

ciple is essential and is placed in its grow and produce. These Indians Lake City? Not until he recognizes

proper position. planted, watered, cultivated, prayed, (Continued on page 586)

The first is faith. Why first faith

in the Lord Jesus Christ, then second

'Adapted from a winning talk chosen from some 1230 Speeches given by graduating seminary students in

Salt Lake, Tooele, Davis, Weber, Morgan, and Summit counties, Utah. Miss Montgomery, a student at Davis,

won an expensepaid trip to New York.

AUGUST 1955 569 Role of the Apostles:—But By no means! "The servant is not I have overcome the world."(JohnThearen't we forgetting about Christ's greater than his lord. If they have 16:33.) His victory was in the resur-

"successors"? A "successor"is one persecuted me, they will also perserection, and in that alone the apostles

who comes after and takes the place cute you,..."(Ibid., 15:20.) "... If put all their hope of victory and exof another. To be a successor it is they have called the master of the pectation of reward,

not enough merely to outlive another house Beelzebub, how much more Knowing that he which raised up the or come after him, one must hold his shall they call them of his houseLord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus,...

identical office and function. Even hold?"(Matt. 10:25.) "If the world For which cause we faint not;... (II

a regent is not successor to a king hate you, ye know that it hated me Cor. 4:14, 16.)

only a king can be that; when a vice before it hated you."(John 15:18.) "... ye shall be betrayed... and

president takes over on the death of The mission of the apostles does not some of you... be put to death....

a president, he does not become his bring about a new and happy turn of "But there shall not an hair of your successor until he, too, is president. events in the drama; where the master head perish."(Luke 21:16, 18.) Paul

The scriptures never call the apostles has "failed,"we are told not to look is more than willing to suffer "... the

loss of all things, and do count them but dung....

"If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead....

"I press toward the for the mark Two Views.

..."prize. (Phil. 3:8, the 11, 14),

prize being "to know him and the power of his resurrection"(v. 10). So, of Church History at the conclusion of his missionary

labors, Paul can claim for his work an by Dr. Hugh Nibley unqualified success, and that imbrigham young university mediately after noting that things are

Part 2 going to be much worse in the Church after his departure, (Acts 20:29), that

"all they in Asia which are [the bulk

Christ's successors; there is only one for success for the servants: "... beof his converts] be turned from away

successor to the Lord mentioned in hold, I send you forth as lambs among me"(II Tim. 1:15), and that in a

10:3, Matt. wolves."10:16) Ghost, Bible, is the (Luke thatthe Holy and recent controversy "no stood man

".. to slaughthe as a will in lamb gone had send the Father He whom.".. all with me, but forsook men me:

different. ter; to fate their all be no was shall teach you name, hemy. (Ihid., In 4:16.) then the does what

are that told are they repeatedly They, all to thingsthings, your bring and victory success consist? and "Hencein position to rear a guard I occupy said whatsoever haveremembrance,

is forth there laid for a crown up me relief in expect they is no which can a 14:26.) Here you."unto (John

... the which Lord, the righteous

I "... this says Paul, think,"world: to expressly successor,true coming.".. judge, shall give at that day: me "... aposset forth the if "that us I hath place: not go God the Lord'stake

away, the Comforter will not come tles last, as it were appointed to (4:8). It never occurs to him or any

unto you; but if I depart, I will send death:..."(I Cor. 4:9) and he deother apostle that his success is to be

measured by the converts he makes.him unto you."(Ibid., 16:7.) Sent scribes the brethren as "... the filth

spiritual this Even earth power on offscouring the the world, and are will authority, do the of he sameby the ". not their objective:.. rejoice this of (v. 13). was all things day"unto identical the speak work,very same

words, be a witness for the judgment, Are the apostles rejected like the not, that the spirits are subject to you;

and guide the apostles in all things master? They are cast off! Their but rather rejoice, because your names

exactly as the Lord had done (vv. 8ff). orders were to endure to the end, and, are written in heaven."(Luke 10:20.)

As for the disciples, the famous as Tertullian reminds us, (Scorp. 10) That great institution towards which

passage in Mark (13:34ff) describes there was absolutely no doubt in the the Apostles are striving in no way

them as servants left behind with mind of any early Christian as to what resembles any later churches: "I apauthorization to do special jobs: the that meant: to endure to the end point unto you a kingdom... that

Lord "left his house, and gave to his meant just one thing, "to suffer the he may eat and drink at my table in servants the authority, to each one end,"to suffer death. "And ye shall my kingdom, and sit on thrones, judghis task, and commanded the porter be hated of all men..."(Luke ing the twelve tribes of Israel."(See

to watch."There is no mention of 21:17), "Then shall they deliver you Matt. 19:28.) "For our conversation

supreme authority being given to anyup to be afflicted, and shall kill is in heaven; from whence also we

one, but to each the authority for his you...."look for the Savior,...

particular work. The fact that every But he that endures to the end shall be Who shall change our vile body, that

soldier in the army acts with the ausaved. (See Matt. 24:9, 13.) (Italics auit may be fashioned like unto his glorious

thority of the commanderin-chief thor's.) body,... (Phil. 3:2021.)

does not give any one of them the In that last sentence we are given The heavenly kingdom, the second fulness of authority that he possesses. both the expected outcome and the coming, the judgment, the resurrecBut what about the servants? Were reward of the apostolic preaching. As tion—it is clear what these men were

they expected to carry on the work he went to his death, Christ said to working for. Never once in the days

and prosper where the master was his apostles, "In the world ye shall of the early church does anyone so rejected? have tribulation: but be of good cheer; much as hint at great expectations for

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the church on this earth, never is its while, but then thrust out of the he preached with the same expectafuture success and glory suggested as synagogues and put to death by pious tions and for the same reason. Though

a motive for their works or a comfort souls who "think that they are doing these converts later fell victims to the for their afflictions; even in the midst God a favor,"even as the "... devout wolves, turned against him en masse

of the fiercest persecutions when the and honourable women, and the chief (II Tim. 1:15), and became his enesaints need "strong comfort"no one men of the city,... expelled them out mies because he told them the truth

ever suggests the thought that relief of their coasts."(Acts 13:50.) "... Go (Gal. 4:16), he can leave them with

is on the way, that the church will unto this people, and say, Hearing ye the same assurance of "mission acwin out in the end, that it is their shall hear, and shall not understand; complished"that he left the Jews:

duty to stick it out so that generations and seeing ye shall see, and not per- "... I know that ye all... shall see

yet unborn may call them blessed (a ceive:..."(Ibid., 28:26.) "Behold, my face no more.

theme familiar to all of them from the ye despisers, and wonder, and perish: "Wherefore I take you to record this

example of pius Aeneas, but never for I work a work in your days, a day, that I am pure from the blood used by the Christians), that they are work which ye shall in no wise beof all men."(Acts 20:2526.) The

building up the church which is to lieve, though a man declare it unto concern of the apostles is not whether fill the earth and save mankind, etc. you."(Ibid., 13:41.) "We are trouthey are believed or not but only

These are the noisy trumpetings of the bled on every side, yet not distressed; whether they bear testimony to all

fourth century which only make more we are perplexed, but not in despair; against the day of judgment. Those

cast "Persecuted, not forsaken; of silence butsignificant the thundering reject testimony a such hear and who

..."(II destroyed. but not down, of thethe earlier period on the future are classed with and Gomorrah Sodom

church. Either the apostles were reCor. 4:8-9.) Whence this indomitable and reserved for "the day of judgmarkably mean and selfcentered optimism—in the belief that the work ment."(Luke 10:12.) The apostles

men, exclusively concerned with their is going forward and the church are not to judge until they sit on individual salvation and a distant growing? Not a word of that: "Knowthrones in the kingdom: "... judge

judgment, or else the victory for the ing that he which raised up the Lord nothing before the time, until the church which they steadfastly refuse Jesus, shall raise up us also.... Lord cometh,..."(I Cor. 4:5) is their

to promise or even mention and for "For which cause we faint not.... instruction.

which they express no yearnings and For our light affliction, which is The apostles were not to spendto which they dedicate no strivings, but for a moment, worketh for us...

was simply not in the program. When eternal weight of glory; time overcoming opposition and winning people by longterm programs,Tertullian (De Praecr. 29) in a later "While we look not at things which as a project of conversion demands;

age, sorely perplexed by the spiritual are seen, but at the things which are testitheir to rather bear they were tried are... eternal."seen: of the to comnot Church,... whichpoverty

all their in be monies on and way misgivings quiet his 1618.)fort himself (II Cor. 4:14, and

shall haste. possible whosoever "And

with the thought that the church And what point was there in not receive you, nor hear you, when could not have been taken from the preaching to a world that would not ye depart thence, shake off the dust earth because in that case the martyrs listen to them? It is the same as with under your feet for a testimony

would all have shed their blood in Christ and the prophets: "as it was against them."(Mark 6:11.) (Italics

vain, he was forgetting two allim- in the days of Noah,"the gospel of author's.) The program outlined in

portant things: first, that the virtues the kingdom was to be "preached in Matthew 10 and Luke 9 is not that

and sufferings of one man or generaall the world for a witness unto all naof founding solid institutions, but of tion do not accrue automatically to tions; and then shall the end come."lastminute emergency: "... I send

the advantage of another—it is quite (Matt. 24:14.) (Italics author's.) you forth as lambs among wolves...

possible, as Paul reminds the GalaFirst the witness, then the end. "But salute no man by the way."(Luke

tians, for the church to suffer in vain; ye denied the Holy One and the 10:3-4.) What is wrong with a little

and secondly, that the martyrs have Just,... civil decency? What is wrong with

received the only reward they ever "And killed the Prince of life, whom purse and scrip, an extra cloak, or thought to get—if one wins eternal God hath raised from the dead; overnight visits? Nothing at all, save

life and glory one can hardly be said whereof we are witnesses."(Acts 3: 14that there is no time left for the

to have "run in vain"! 15.) (Italics author's.) Paul tells us ordinary business and amenities of

The program of the apostles'miswhy he bothered to preach to the life, as Paul tells the Corinthians:

sion was the same as that of the Jews who he knew would not hear marriage, mourning, celebrating, busiLord's. Before they ever began to him, when "he shook his raiment, and ness, careers, all that must be forwork, they were told that they would said unto them, Your blood be upon gotten now, for "the time (literally

be "hated of all men"(Mark 13:13), your own heads; I am clean: from 'opportunity') is short:..."(I Cor.

betrayed and put to death as he was henceforth I will go unto the Gen- 7:29), "for the fashion (schema: 'the

(John 16:2), allowed to preach for a tiles."(Ibid., 18:6.) To the Gentiles system') of this world passeth away"

(v. 31). Only for food and lodging

were the missionaries to go to individual houses; otherwise, "Go not

from house to house,"(Luke 10:7),

-II butyou, "ingo thatyour citywaysthatoutdoesinto notthe receivestreets of the same and say: Even the very

(Continued on page 599) AUGUST 1955 571 SELECTED EXCERPTS EROM MIA JUNE CONFERENCE ADDRESSES

Elder Harold B.

Lee of the Council of the Twelve, author of the M MenGleaner manual, talks to two Gleaners.

-Photo Courtesy Salt Lake Tribi

of the General advice that from cameJunesatisfactionconferenceand stimuluslives in thereceivedgreat ersit meantand ofthetheautographscommittee members,of the speakthe in the leaders Authorities of the and from the gala spectacles, the singing of a Mia Maid chorus, or the various sections of the conference.

marvelous festivals, and the departresponse of the Mia Maids who took By way of reminder and challenge ment sessions which stirred the thoupart in a discussion; to the young excerpts from some of the speeches

sands who attended to a new resolumother who with her babe particihave been collected as a kind of tion to do better work in the future. pated in the M MenGleaner skit, it kaleidoscope of the conference to help

June conference is the result upon meant the thrill to participate in a preserve the atmosphere and the the individual persons who listened June conference, especially since her spirituality of this great event.

to the messages breathed in the spirit husband was the narrator for the conto in addition Friday morning On to their lives into resolved buildand aftercluding program on Sunday the presentations of the theme, thegreater service satisfaction. and the leader, baptized noon; to To newly

each person who participated June into the Church, it meant the chaldepartment and the activity program, conference meant a different thing: lenge of teaching his first class; to all there were addresses by President

to the Mia Maid from San Francisco it meant the words of stimulus and David O. McKay and President

Joseph Fielding Smith, as well as by

General Superintendent Elbert R.

Curtis and General President Bertha

S. Reeder.

President McKay gave his blessing:

"I have in my heart a desire to express commendation to all the workers in the Mutual Improvement AssociaMrs. Lavina C. tions of the Church of Jesus Christ Fugal of Pleasant

Grove, Utah, mothof Latterday Saints. In life we tend

er of the year, reto our various vocations and profesceivedGoldenan honoraryGleaner sions without expressing appreciation award. Shown with to those who contribute daily to our

President and Mrs. success happiness. and find fault We David O. McKay. readily, but give merited we do not

commendation, and I feel that sometimes we General Authorities are just a little prone to refrain from giving a word of encouragement when it is needed....

"I wish this morning to commend the general superintendency of the—Photo courtesy Deseret NewsSalt Lake Telegram Mutual Improvement Associations

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photo courtesy Deseret NewsSalt Lake Telegram

Participants on the field at the Dance Festival.

Elder Curtis, Elder Stevenson, Elder tinued until the finale, one of the most but you keep in mind your view and

King, and all their associates on the impressive I have ever seen. your duty.

board for the excellent work they are "I thought, 'What an example in "Teachers of the Mutual, realize doing among the young men of the life.'Let each one who has a goal in what possibilties are yours always

Church, and I wish to commend Sister view keep that goal in mind, notwithyou have it within your power to

Reeder, general president of the standing the temptations, difficulties, awaken some heart or perhaps many

Young Women, and Sister Bennett and discouragements that might come, hearts:

and Sister Longden, and all their asand they often do! "First, the desire to achieve mastery

sociates on their board. I believe, "I wish to commend the board over weak and selfish indulgence.

brethren and sisters, that in one exammembers and the teachers in the "Second, the power to prepare one ple they, laboring with the Presiding wards and in the stakes. You get disto face a life with courage, to meet

Bishopric, have contributed more to couraged sometimes; you think your disaster with fortitude, and to face

get the young people of the Church work is unappreciated; but remember death without fear.

interested in sacrament meeting and that 'our echoes roll from soul to soul, ''Third, to develop virile manhood, other Church activities in that regard and go forever and forever.'You do beautiful womanhood. Oh, how the

than we have ever had before in the not know what the result will be of world needs it.

Church, and we appreciate it. May the effort you put forth in going to a "Fourth, to implant within many

God bless you for bringing those meeting and saying a word to that souls at least the promise of a friend young people under the influence on discouraged girl who says, 'Well, I of each, or of a companion who later

Sunday and during the week of the don't care.'You mav never know, (Continued on following page)

uplifting influences of the gospel.

"I wish to commend those hundreds of girls who participated last evening in that great dance festival, not just Bee Hive Girls for their beauty, for the coloring, for demonstrating"spirit of the hive"the the artistry, not just for the example at a June Conferof courtesy, consideration, the example ence departmental of the Church of the young men of session.

chivalry, not just that. It was all

glorious! But I wish to commend

them for the examples of life they gave. The elements were not harmonious; they were not conducive to

the best showing and the result of the training received throughout the

Church before the festival. I commend them for their success in the

face of difficulty. They had a goal

in mind; they had an ideal of perfection, and no matter how the wind

blew or how they lost their balance, how the fuse blew out, they con- -Photo Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune

AUGUST 1955 573 may be fit for a husband or a wife, General Superintendent Curtis said ter, they had all come into the who will be fit to be an examplary among other things: Church. That day they went through

father or a loving, intelligent mother. "Back of every dance, every game, the temple, and they were all marThat is your privilege, teachers. every hike, is the thought of building ried for time and all eternity."

"And fifth, to awaken love for the in the hearts of the young a testigospel of Jesus Christ. Obedience to mony of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Tn the Sunday morning session, conit brings happiness in this life and "I give you the figures of our * ducted by President Stephen L

salvation and possible exaltation growth. Do I dare say it to you? You Richards of the First Presidency,

throughout eternity. I commend you; could do a better job. If we reach President Richards gave wise counsel:

I bless you."ten percent, we've done a ten percent "We believe that the kingdom of

President Smith talked to the new better job; twentyfive percent more, God is a realistic establishment; that

MIA theme: a twentyfive percent better job. And it is set up by proper commission and

"We should not be ashamed of the I have not mentioned yet the quality authority, and that it is just as tangigospel of Jesus Christ. It is the most of the feed that we give to his sheep. ble as an earthly empire, differing,

important thing in all the world. I believe that the Savior meant all of however, from an earthly empire in

his sheep should authority depriveNothing us when he said, 'Feed my that of our the fundamental which "sheep.'faith in the gospel the entire underlies nor our establishment knowledge

of it. Every member of the Church and gives authenticity to it, is the

should have a knowledge of the gosSister Reeder gave a concrete illusauthority which emanates from the pel of Jesus Christ. tration: Lord himself and that God is in verity

"It is our duty and obligation that "I remember years ago in a mission, the King of the kingdom.

I "I see in the accomplishments ofthe Lord has placed upon us to know a humble, sweet woman. When

these eternal principles that we call visited her, she said to me, 'Sister this great conference, as in many the gospel of Jesus Christ. How can Reeder, we only have two Bee Hive other activities of the Church, a fulwe say we are not ashamed of it, ungirls. Is it all right if I take them and filment of the prayer that the Savior

less we know it? teach them alone?''Oh,'I said, 'our taught men to pray: 'Thy kingdom

.'And I foresee in the fu- "Is not God good? Then you be Heavenly Father will bless you if you come...

good. If he is faithful, then you be do.'She took those two girls. She ture, as I am sure my brethren do,

faithful. Add to your faith, virtue, taught them the Bee Hive work. She a great and marvelous growth in this

to virtue, knowledge, and seek for taught them the Mia Maid work. She mighty kingdom of our Father. It

every good thing."took them on through. Both of those shall roll forth to fill the whole earth,

girls are now Golden Gleaners. About and it shall bless humanity all over

Friday afternoon Elder Antoine R. a year ago I received a lovely message the face of the world with its marvelfrom the leader. She said, 'Sister ous principles, its great virtues, andIvins challenged the leadership by

stating: Reeder, would you please meet me in the loving associations which are inthe temple on such and such a day?'spired by the concepts of fraternity

"If our behavior corresponds with I wondered why, but I went to the and brotherhood and sisterhood the teachings of the Lord and the temple. When I arrived at the temwhich it gives to us."

standards of the Church as set up, ple, there stood this lovely leader then they (the people) are justified in with the two girls, the mother and In this session also Elder EIRay L.

following us. But if we do not see to father, and one brother, and all of Christiansen, Assistant to the Twelve,

it that our leadership is of that qualthem had come to go through the said:

ity, then it is just too bad that they temple; the two girls were married, "As leaders in this Church, in this

have that confidence in us because we and the brother. Through the work great organization of MIA, and in

are going to lead them to destruction."of this wonderful sister, just one sisother organizations, it is our duty and

-Photo Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune

Orchestra and choruses present the music;!

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA our solemn obligation to touch the his children, that he loves them, that Bishop Hoyt Brewster gave on Sunheart and hand of every boy and every their destiny is great, and that you day morning some of the responsigirl as they come along through life, and I can help them fill those desbilities and opportunities of bishops so that in due time they have the detinies. in the MIA program.

sire of going into these holy temples. "Our assignment is a challenge, a "We have heard that a bishop's reIn one I have the honor to labor with great challenge. It takes faith and sponsibility is to shepherd his flock. I

my associates, in welcoming there courage in the face of discouragement consider the Mutual Improvement Asthose who come, and administering sometimes. As we plan—and somesociation one of the finest vehicles to

in these high ordinances which do not one has wisely said, 'We dare not make that possible for a bishop to do perish in this life but which endure make small plans because they have well.

to bless and embellish the lives of all no power to move men's hearts'—"Dependability is a great quality,

who will abide by those* covenants hope that we will remember that this and spirituality is its necessary comthat are made there.... plan is not of man, not men's planpanion.

"Oh, if we could just point out this ning. This is God's work, and I "I think that those who are elected

great future, this destiny that has been testifvJ that that is true."should be set apart immediately.

divinely for will those arranged who is this is out there "Before month Sister Reeder is made concrete her right!just could do what If we

in this community a young man who for leadership: pleainfluence to uprightly one boy walk

will go to the temple to be married, to girl to pray and beand a once humble "There and was young by interest in only the Church whose to himself keep clean of the in and lived wholesome the Mary name who his interest in the Imwas Mutual it life, his stake,throughout be that she not very attending we may and was provement Association through the affect influence generaregularly.would and leader This dewonderful

tie. years. Well, his only That was..."tions to come. visit her. cided that she go to would

other organizathe he is back, and leader the did was coolly When she tions of the Church have gone into Bishop Carl W. Buehner gave his received, that the but mother promised

tribute to the MIA: if the girl wanted to, she could go to cooperative effort and have brought him back into the fold. He has re- "As members of the Presiding MIA. The leader said, 'All right, I ceived the Aaronic Priesthood, has

Bishopric we are tremendously inwill be happy to pick you up every advanced through it, is now an elder, terested in the great work of the MuTuesday night.'Pretty soon the Bee and... will go to the temple.

tual Improvement Associations of the Hive leader had made the girl love

Church. the program so much she would not "This is the work of the Lord. It

cannot be treated lightly. Our remiss a meeting. morning Sunday On for grateful those conventions "I am sponsibility is tremendous. of the ready to with one go was together to learn to she meetwhere we

perfect our methods in getting our leaders and would wait one hour in "I pray sincerely that all of us, in arms around some of these young peothe car for Sunday School to begin. whatever calling we are called, will

ple and keeping them strong and "That kind leader was so good to respond completely, entirely without valiant in the Church. Our facilities the girl that the next sister, the one qualification, that we will be dependare better than they have ever been, just a little older than Mary, decided able and spiritual, and find joy in doand I hope we are using them. We that she would like to go to MIA. ing good."

usually have under construction beWhen our leader went for Mary on tween four and five hundred buildTuesday night, the older girl was Sunday afternoon both President

McKay and Elder LeGrand Richardsings. Do you know what that means? waiting.... The mother became inIt takes an average of about two years terested; she took her two little boys addressed the audience in the conto complete these buildings, some to Primary. When graduated from cluding session of the conference.

longer, some less time, but that Primary they entered the Scout proliterally means that about every day gram. The family were activated in Elder Richards said, in part,

and a half in the history of the the Church, all but the father, and "Prophets of God are never selfChurch we are providing a new then the priesthood took an interest sent. They must be chosen and orfacility."in the father. In a little while all dained and given power to officiate

were members of the Church but one in the name of the Lord and speak in

Elbert R. Curtis addressed the asboy. He was called into the armed his name, and that is the leadership

sembled officers and teachers. Inservices, but the family said, "We of this Church that we enjoy today.

cluded in his remarks were these diknow that by the time our son comes "I thank the Lord with all my rectives: back, he will join the Church, too.'heart that my day upon this earth

"I hope you sense in us, you leaders "Little did our ward leader think was appointed when the gospel has in MIA, the fact that we know that or even dream that through her efbeen restored. I thank him for the

this is God's work, that the gospel of forts with one girl the whole family great organization of the Church. I

Jesus Christ has been restored to would be brought into activity. Exthank him that it is built today

earth with power and with authority, ample is the greatest quality of leaderupon the foundation of apostles and and that we, with you, have been ship. Brigham Young said: 'The prophets, with Christ, our Lord, as

given a charge by the priesthood to greatest and loudest sermon that can the chief cornerstone as much today build into the hearts of our young a be preached or that ever was preached as when he walked among the chiltestimony that will be evident in their on the face of the earth is practice.'dren of men in the Meridian of Time,

lives every day that they live, that President McKay said: Tn example for I thank him for the great priestthis is God's work and that they are we prove our worth.'"hood power that is in the earth."

AUGUST 1955 575 tinued to live and worship very much as

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON their illustrious Maya forefathers did...?*

In the matter of blood, the Lacandones page 561) (Continued from from people these ancestors of came purest descendants the unquestionably are ruins great of. Yucaof of Lamanites, with the thebered builders of the the of a part them being 7 and be Jerusalem,

preserved in the land forever, 8 is comtribe of Ephraim, others of Manasseh, tan and Peten. Their forefathers, stubbring to them attempt resisted everypletely in accord with the promises and the remainder of Judah. bornly

the rule, fled to most under Spanish of the Lord through his holy prophets Approximately one month later I accessible part of their former realm, andinto the Nephites. had a thrill which I shall never forget. for four centuries they have kept themselves

... My first experience of mingling Jose Davila, Otto Done, and I began aloof from every outside contact.

and by chicleros Gradual encroachmentwith large numbers of lightcolored our journey into the jungles of souththe Lacancutters has driven mahoganyIndians—some of them being nearly ern Mexico for Bonampak. While on dones farthej and farther back from the

white—whose progenitors had interthe jungle trail, we were met by some main rivers. Always shy and fiercely admarried very little with European Lacandone Indians. My first great verse to mixing with outsiders, some of the

the leastknown groups occupy remotesettlers, of more trip surprise recent that to observe was on our some was made 13 frontiers of presentday Mexico.

positively America. others Central white Apto Mexico them were and and

proximately sixtyfive percent of the nearly so; and then I recalled that One may ask: "Is it not possible

inhabitants of Guatemala are claimed when our guide in Guatemala had that the members of the Lacandone to be fullblooded Indians, principally informed us that the QuicheMaya tribe who are positively white are

Mayas. As a result of studying the Indians were practically white, he children of white men who had interproblem of the origin of the Indians, had also remarked that there was a married with the women of this primi-

I before the conclusion reached had Indians—the tive tribe?"Wilson gives us the

- to jungles ofgoing that the Quiche Guatemala Lacandones—livingprimitive, wild, tribeinofthe answer:

Mayas were as near direct descendants southern Mexico, who were absolutely of the NephiteLamanite peoples as white.... This group, the Cedro clan, had

rarely before seen a four white man. Only the Indians. other Furthermore,any Since to our guides were Bonampak first years for they ago, had time seen

". that writingsQuiches'maintain.. the Lacandones, three our days with chiclero, a or chicle wild Intheharvester—an

rises thethey from where sun came cross. afforded dianSpanish them considerable us apparently had They oppor-

[from the other side of the sea],"detunity to study them. We associated never heard of Mexico, taxes, or voting; or

autos, airplanes, or any other wheeled veIsrael, of of lanscendants the same a total of approximately twentywith 14... they the customsguage and same five color hicle. Their skin Lacandones.

were sons of Abraham and Jacob."1 "ranged from pure white to that of The white Lacandones that we saw

spent party of twenty people Our slightly of shades. dusky the One too old to Cedro be clan—were—the first inthe while Guatemala week end red hair; Indian she and had women of offspring since—accordingat the Chichicastenango, headquarters as fair just as person white any was to first available were evidence—theywhites,of the Indians. ForQuiche-Maya seen. of ever that the I have One visited less white by probably men

tunately, these peoples were having Indian men, Jose Petit, also had red than fifteen years ago, and so the hisan elaborate religious celebration in hair and a white skin. All of the tory of the Lacandones rules outcommemoration of St. Tomas—their Lacandones parted their hair in the that possibility. The other possible

patron saint. There were perhaps middle and let it hang loosely downanswer, therefore, is that the white

four to five thousand Indians particiward. The way all of the Indians color must have come as an inheritpating. wore their hair reminded us of the deance from their ancient ancestors

We were informed by our guide scription of Jesus'hair as described through the illustrious Mayas of the while on our way to Chichicastenango by the Roman Publius Lentullus. To Old Empire and on back to their

that the QuicheMayas were practiquote: predecessors, the Nephites.

arrival, I Aftercally white. our was It is a fact of great significance that

of colour a hair... [Jesus'of a was] todelighted observe that the skin of especially archaeologists, those full ripe, ears, his to plain chestnut whence ofcolor of hundreds was them much that maintain the Mexico, famous it is curling orient and more downward

lighter in shade than that of the averand wavering about his shoulders; in the Maya civilization was the outgrowth

is partition or a seam in of greater "... a an even civilization—of Nazarites. the mannertry—namely,age Indian in ourthe sectionNavajos,of thethe counUtes, midsthis hair,of hisafterheadthe ancient most mother culture, which

the Piutes, and the Apaches. Furtheris found at the bottom of the specialmore, all of our party members were A question of vital importance is, ized cultures of Central Mexico and

impressed with what appeared to us "Who are these Lacandone Indians?"northern Central America,..."1; In

to be resemblances of the QuicheCharles Morrow Wilson, who in 1947 the words of Miguel Covarrubias:

Mayas with the Jewish people. In visited the same group of Lacandones

... Archaeologists now agree that many fact, it would not have been difficult that we visited, answers this question

for one to make himself imagine as follows: ofthe thesebeginningsartistic ofmasterpiecesthe Christiandateera.backApto

religious festival in at thatwhile pearing state suddenly out in a of nowhere live lost the people in the But who fullChichicastenango walking valley of that he was constitute development, they cul- a far signifiare interesting the most and by ture that root, seems to the have the beenthe streets some 2000 of Jerusalem its all colorful of cant inhabitants. These

years ago. It is not surprising that are the littleknown Lacandone Indians, (Continued on page 578)

such should be the case, since the direct and least changed descendants of the "Charles Morrow Wilson, "'Rediscovering Lost of the (Baltimore, Mayas,"Travel Novemgreat Mayas of old. These Indians conTemplesber 24. 1948), 45:14.?Alma

13Wilson, a p."Backwards Centuries,"Dozen Natural 9:53. s2 Nephi

Lentullus, President Publius by nWritten of Judea, the Cakchiquels (Eng. Annnls of tr. by Delia 9The

Tiberius of in in Hhtoriiu\Vilson,(NewTravel,York, op.Octobercit., 1947),p. 27. p. 371. Caesar to the Monarch the days Goetz, 1953). p. 43. Oklahoma, Norman,

Title Lords laThe Goetz, Oklahoma,of Totonicapan.1953), p.(Eng.170. tr. by Delia Rome.bury in Publishedthe eleventhfirstcentury.by Saint Anselm of CanterAncientlr,AlfonsoMayaCaso,(PalocitedAltn,in SylvanusCalifornia,G. 1947),Morley,p. The42. Norman,

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <KS''**-,,. You just don't know

the power you're missing until you try Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP

THAT'S RIGHT, LADY! CONOCO

SUPER GASOLINE WITH TCP'GIVES YOU BETTER GAS MILEAGE, LONGER SPARK PLUG LIFE, ****%!

BOOSTS POWER UP TO I5%,AND ACTS JUST LIKE AN ENGINE TUNEUPI

IT'S THE FUEL DESIGNED FOR ALL OF

TODAY'S HICOMPRESSION ENGINES...

ENGINES THAT MAKE TOP DEMANDS OF FUEL QUALITY, ESPECIALLY IN STOP -AND -GO DRIVING I

BUT WITH TCP, YOU GET FULL POWER

AND ECONOMY IN ALL KINDS OF DRIVING.

TCP NEUTRALIZES POWERROBBING LEAD

AND CARBON DEPOSITS WHICH FORM IN

YOUR CAR'S ENGINE, ASSURING YOU MILE

AFTER MILE OF TOP CAR PERFORMANCE!

'trademark owned and patent APPLIED FOR by shell OIL COMPANY

O 1955, CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

AUGUST 1955 577 Archaeology and the FREE GIFTS Book of Mormon (Continued from page 576) FOR YOU mother culture, from which the latter and

AND betterknowncultures sprang.(Maya,16 Totonac, Zapotec, etc.)

EARN this Saints Latterday know that *ANNUM ft# / PER Compounded "ancient culture"marvelous mother

SemiAnnually was the one so beautifully described

it in of the Book and from Mormon, the sprang astonishing culON YOUR SAVINGS Indian tures of later dates. AT One of the largest groups of white

Indians found in either of the Americas was that which lived in Darien, estimated by Richard Oglesby Marsh UTAH SAVINGS to be approximately 2000 out of an & LOAN ASSOCIATION Indian population of approximately 65 North University Ave., Provo 40,000; in other words, approximately

and receive Account SAVINGS Open a Savings at UTAH of five percent the Indians Darien gifts valuable of these one 17 color. white in were The country FREE! ABSOLUTELY

of Darien is located on the southern $50—$100—$450—$850—$1,500—$2,500

or larger savings accounts receive one of the gifts listed below: end of the Isthmus of Panama directly north of where the isthmus

joins South America.

In his book, White Indians of Darien, Marsh described in an interesting manner his observations and studycountry—knownof the inhabitantsas the San Biasof thatIndians or, as they called themselves,

the "Tule People."He explained

that the Spaniards had appeared early on the San Bias coast in their search A GIFT WITH EVERY NEW

FREE SAVINGS ACCOUNT OPENED. for gold, but soon thereafter the InFor $50 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT—Shaeffers FineLine Pen OR Pencil dians drove them out with great

For $100 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - Shaeffers FineLine Pen AND Pencil slaughter. From that day until the

Set For $450 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT—Telechron Electric Clock OR Travel time Marsh published his book in

Alarm Clock 1934, the Tule people had maintained or For $850 more SAVINGS ACCOUNT—General Electric Steam Iron OR Travel their independence: He wrote:

Iron Steam Electric Table Radio or Model General more SAVINGS For $1,500—ACCOUNT rid of got the finally Tules the When SelfSupporting Hammock OR Garden steps which taking set about they Spaniards, Electric ClockAutomatic or For General more $2,500 SAVINGS ACCOUNT—

future. Very in the preserve them would Electric Radio Fry Pan OR

For $5,000 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT—limited time only—Rotisserie wisely they did not refuse to trade with

Broiler—$69.50 value their late enemies, but they would never

Limit One Gift to a Family allow a trader to spend the night in their

SAVINGS ACCOUNTS INVITED territorylaw has norbeengoenforcedback intorigidlythe interior.upon everyThis

in any amount at any time $1.00 to $25,000.00 one with the exception of myself, and my

Your Savings available when you need them dealings with the San Bias Indians were

from the Caribbean. It just Darien ASSOCIATION interior LOAN UTAH SAVINGS wholly unusual. As a result no one explores AND 18

Service isn't done. of Continuous 36 Years

65 NORTH UNIVERSITY AVENUE PROVO, UTAH The enforcement of this law preSAVINGS UTAH AND Servicing over $5,000,000 in of Spaniards the intermarriage LOAN ASSOCIATION vented University 65 North Avenue

Real Estate Mortgages Provo, Utah Indians and so the white and Indians;

find Enclosed check or money order for $.. of Darien are not the offspring of

account. a savings with which to open

Member The gift desired is: postColumbian Europeans.

While on a scientific expedition to United States (Note: Be sure gift is in size classification shown above.) Darien one day, Marsh and a Negro

Savings & Loan Name '. (Continued on page 580)

Covarrubias, Mexico Isthmus 18Miguel League Address 80. South—the Tehuantepec (1946), p. of

i City Zone State 1 (New"RichardYork, Oglesby1934), p.Marsh,213. White Indians of Darien

vtlbid., pp. 1516.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EVERYTHING you need for A

Vacation %WW KSL SW*>

AUGUST 1955 579 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOR OF MORMON

{Continued from page 578) years old. They wore nothing but small

were their almost bare bodies loincloths and ANEW companion were near one of the Inlong Their Scandinavian's. any as white as

looking at gracefully they a small clearing gold! Quickly and which bright ADVENTURE dian villages. They happened to be hair, falling loosely over their shoulders, was

into disappeared the space and open crossed extended a few yards into the encom19 the jungles. passing jungle when

His Negro companion explained: ON Across the narrow clearing were walking (Continued on page 582)

to sixteen lbid., p. 26.

EVERY PAGE! three young girls, perhaps fourteen

With every turn of'the page in lSSSSS 3i5>35Ss555s5\i>55S

Childcraft, your child enters a new world of wonders, encounters a new adventure in learning. There's Jke Jjt'edLaner... an d the die5ian

something for every day, for years, >f to help guide and stimulate his Richard L. Evans

mental growth.

You'll find enchanting stories and the sharpness time some ways, heals of many Tn and softens to selected with poems, "grow up"loved, A sorrows, the of separation sharpness but from our are songs, games, There your child.

riddles, and other creative activiones can become acute at any time, as any moment may ties. And you will treasure the secbring its own reminders of them—especially as the years intions on Art, Science, Nature crease, especially as the long years come and go for those

Study, Music, Literature, and Hiswho live in loneliness. Even now we know that there would

tory, designed to help your child really be no heaven for us without those we love, and for develop a wellrounded, cultured this reason we are inexpressibly grateful for the assurances personality.

life, of everlasting have the of a we meaning which makes

That's is: 15 what Childcraft wonhopefully looking day of remembrance memorial one of and derful volumes of something "new"'

and fascinating. And that's why forward, and not one of looking bitterly back. (And even

Childcraft has proved the beautiful the doubter should live as if he knew that life were everway to learn, from infancy through lasting, because he has nothing to lose by doing so, and the eager growing years. Surpriseverything to gain. This one sidethought could well beingly enough, for all this, Childcome a subject for further pursuit—but not for now.) For

craft costs less than you think. For now we should like to look a moment at another reassuring

full information, write Mr. William side of the evidence for everlasting life: In all the works of

F. Hayes, Dept. 1248, Box 3565, an architect or engineer or artist, we are likely to see in all

Chicago 54, Illinois. of them some essential similarities. A man's distinctive mark

is somehow always on his work. In some essentials each

is likely to repeat himself, and in everything he does CHILDCRAFT person

America's carry over from the past some suggestion of the future. So

famous child development plan with the Lord God, Organizer and Designer of heaven and earth and all that in them is—surely he who made the earth FIELD ENTERPRISES, INC.

Educational Division would not do less than suggest something of the pattern of

Merchandise Mart Plaza, heaven in it. Beauty here would surely suggest something

Chicago 54, Illinois of the semblance of beauty hereafter. Love here, and the

cherishing of our loved ones, would surely suggest some semblance of the pattern of cherishing our loved ones hereafter. Will companionship mean less in heaven? Will our

* w w -r loved ones mean less there? Will our children be less cherished? questions themselves answer. their suggest The own

assurances, accept, all other from not And aside which A Beauty Career we

MEANS AN doubting, and in full faith, we accept not doubting also, that independent income God, the great Designer, will be true to his design. And

FOR MEN OR WOMEN since the best loved thing in life is the love and sweetness of

G. I. Approved Course companionship with loved ones, surely a continuance of that

MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW sweetness of association, which means so much here, is the

FOR SUMMER CLASSES promise and assurance that it will be so hereafter. Doubt

—Scholarships Available—not, you who mourn and you who remember, that the great

Can arrange board and room Designer will be true to his design.

in missionary home FROM TEMPLE SQUARE Word"Jhe—>pohen

OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA CAREL'S BEAUTY SCHOOL PRESENTED BROADCASTING 1061 E. 21st South Salt Lake City, Utah SYSTEM, MAY 29, 1955 Copyright, 1955 Phone 846173

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Buy Nature's Best—

NABISCOGRAHAMS!

NABISCO

—Honey sweet,

Graham Good Only Nature could supply graham GRAHAMS flour this wholesome... honey this

pure! And only Nabisco bakes

grahams this tender and golden brown. Now "scored"to break into

the perfect size for convenient eating and less crumbs. Make naturally

delicious Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams a daily snack habit—2 LBS. BIG

remember, they don't spoil appetites to NET WT.

IN 6 HANDY NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY INER-SEAL PACKETS 2

AUGUST 1955 581 Archaeology and the POWER UP Book of Mormon POWEB-X (Continued from page 580)

They come from a tribe which lives in the mountains up the Chucunaque.... Before this they haven't come so far down

the valley. But a little time ago they built

a house above our village, and families of them come down to trade with us. Some

are white. Some are dark like other Indians. 20

Marsh followed the trail which the girls had taken into the jungles and overtook them at their home. Describing the incident, he wrote:

... I examined their skin closely to make

sure it was not colored artificially. It was

not. I looked at their golden hair, which

was of much finer texture than the coarse hair of other Indians. Their eyes were hazel

or bluishbrown.

White Indians! I remember the tales of

such people—tales from all over Latin

America. And also I remember the universal derision with which such tales were

received. But these were certainly Indians;

and they were most certainly white. They

were not albinos in the commonly accepted meaning of the term—for albinos have

white hair, wholly colorless skin, pink eyes, and blue gums. My three little girls looked

like healthy Norwegians, not biological monstrosities. Neither were they the halfbreed offspring of some American gold prospector. I'd seen plenty of these, and they

were invariably dark. 21

Since Marsh was acquainted with the fact that Leif Ericson and other

Ask your Sinclair Dealer for the New Premium Gasoline.m Vikings had visited America approximately 1000 A.D., naturally he

thought that the white Indians of

Darien might be descendants of the

Scandinavians. Those who had light SINCLAIR colored or golden hair interested him

most because they best sustained his

Nordic theory. However, it is evident that he was not acquainted with POWERXSINCLAIR REFINING COMPANY the fact that Israelites migrated from

Jerusalem to America approximately 600 B.C.; and for 1000 years a great

nation of white people flourished

Ever think what would happen if here,thereafterfinallythetowhitebe destroyed;survivors andmingledthat

fire were to lay waste your home. withenemies.theirIt darkerskinned,has been pointedformerout

See the friendly Agent of the that Jesus, who came from a common

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. somewhatancestry withred theseor "ofpeoples,a colourhad ofhaira

in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your chestnut full ripe."White Indians

policies. having red hair have been found in

Or see... many native tribes; 22 and so it could

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. 20Idem.21 Ibid., p. 37.

General Agents 22Hubert Howe Bancroft, Native Races of the Pacific

York, 20 South Main - Salt Lake City Statesdon, The(NewRaces of 1875),Man vol.and 1,the p. Distribution157; A. C. (NewHadYork, 1924), pp. 33, 128; Thor Heyerdahl, American

Indians of the Pacific (New York, 1953), p. 85.

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be possible that the white girls with "golden hair,"described by Marsh, could also be of Israelitic origin. On

the other hand, it may be that some 'J'/mm, rv\x of the Vikings went as far south as

Darien and augmented the white blood found among those Indians.

Marsh reported his experience to

General Babbitt, commandant at

Quarry Heights and ranking American army officer in the Panama Canal

Zone. The general replied that recently he had sent a Lieutenant

Arnold on a plane trip. He flew

across the interior of Darien to

Columbia, the clouds forcing him to fly very low. The general remarked:

"When he returned, he reported orally to me that he had passed over a village in the interior which was inhabited by whiteskinned people liv23 like Indians."ing

Later and Marsh his associates met You can travel CHEAPER of the SinAmericans,four employees clair that on the WATER WAGON Oil Company, who reported theyIndians—'Whitehad seen ". as.. anynumerouswhite whiteman,'"Here's a revolutionaryHere's what theideaChristianin automobileHerald said casualtyin October:*insurance that

some on the Lower Chucunaque and can mean a substantial saving to those of us who abstain from alcoRi6 Paca, on thesome of 42 per cent less beverage. a tributary of holic Because much as can—for as it, we

24 Tuyra."the Upper available."fullest coverage insurance the best and cost—have

After experiencing the thrill of The Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance Company, insuring total actually seeing the white Indians and abstainers only, was founded on the idea that the nondrinking driver now receiving definite information shouldn't have to pay the inflated rates caused by those drivers who that numerous others lived in the indrink—and drinking is to blame in 23 out of 100 fatal accidents.

terior of Darien, Marsh determined If you can qualify. Preferred Risk may save you 25 per cent of

to travel throughout Darien and study your auto insurance costs at once. Additional savings come with

as many of the white Indians as posclaim-free driving. They don't have to pay drinking losses so you get

sible and if feasible take some of them the savings. No wonder Preferred Risk has 100,000 satisfied policyto the United States for scientists to holders and over $2,500,000 in assets. Do you qualify? Then use the

study. He successfully won the coupon below.

friendship of an important Indian The full article "You can Travel Cheaper on the Water Wagon,'*

Christian Herald October, 1954 is available. If you would

chief who promised that he would like a complete reprint just check box in coupon.

arrange for Marsh to see as many white Indians as he desired. Soon

thereafter, at town an Indian named THIS COUPON.! Portogandi, reports that the ACT NOW—USE Marsh

following incident occurred: Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. I understand there is no obligation.

here My auto insurance white Indians saw And we Name of one a boy. of.. fourteen, whom,... I Address Monthexpires:

looked with amazement. Here was my City.State. Day white Indian at last.... the scientists would

have a grand time explaining him. At least Occupation Year

they couldn't fall back on the theory that Age of Drivers Male Female existed white Indians only in the imaginaof Car Make Year.—No. Cylinders tion of explorers. wildeyed not had We & Model (Series) Body type seen only them, bringing but were them

back to America to be studied at leisure. 25 Use of Car: Pleasure Business To and from work. miles one way.

Marital Status of Principal Driver: Married with children

The Indian chief then brought out Single, living at home Single a little naked white boy about eight Don?DM

years of age. Marsh went to the home PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL

of this white Indian boy and conMODEMS'INSURANCE COMPANY cerning the experience wrote:

(Continued on following page) 501 JUDGE BLDG., DEPT. 855, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

PHONE 4-1931 23Marsh, op. tit., pp. 3738.

2*lbid., p. 63. 198199. "America's Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Company"—Sam Morris, President Ibid., pp.

AUGUST 1955 583 TOMATO JUICE Archaeology and the Book of Mormon

(Continued from preceding page) their father was rather tall. They had

... When I entered I got a surprise. The three other children. The second boy was

mother. and father of the boy were not also white, but the two girls were olive

white. They were ordinary Indians without brown like their parents.

anything unusual about them except that I didn't know what to make of it but I

Jke Lconnotailions Oi LteaniiW&65

Richard L. Evans

i mong the interesting things of life are the meanings we allow words to take unto themselves. There are many

wordsnote—wordswhose suchsoundsas arewarmthsweetandbecauselove, ofhomewhatandtheyfriends,con-

(I quiet, peace and comfort and more so many kindness—and

V- to that have come mean so much. There is another meaningful word that we should like to consider for a moment:

Homemade tomato juice the so word... All the through clean—cleanliness. TestaOld

rich, delicious easy and to make, seament, are reminded men as Jesus our to soned of cleanliness—even your taste! for And only 5 a Savior in the said, Testament thou clean.""be New quart, 1 Among including homegrown tomatoes, heat, new Ball Dome Lids, and the ancient philosophers Epictetus observed that "cleanlinew Ball Jars every... divides [men] 8 years—based on ness from the lower animals"then 2—and average use jars. of added: "Will not cleanse yourself? you Will you not come

Start the day off right by serving your clean us that among pleasure you to may give your comown homecanned tomato juice at panions?"for of 2 Think some of the a moment connotait's breakfast—so rich in Vitamin C.

Here's something special your family tions of uncleanliness: dirt and darkness, smut and filth,

will rave about... % unwashed, impure, contaminated, soiled, and sullied. And

TOMATO JUICE COCKTAIL then by contrast think of some of the blessed connotations of cleanliness: clothes, clean in Bali clean sheets, juice food, clean for tomato clean recipe basic Use Blue add: of juice quart each Book. To hands, clean speech, clean minds, clean motives, clean men.

grated onion tsp. Vt sugar tsp. Vi

toil, of honest the sweat The dirt honest that comes with Worcestershire tsp. juice lemon 1 tbsp. XA

sauce work, and the fresh smears and smudges on a boy's face, the (Or season juiceMaketo tasteseveralwithvariations!)horseradish, bay have a sort of accepted virtue. But stale dirt, and dirt of leaf or dove.

Pour, hot, into hot Ball Jars. Top with Ball mind and dirt of morals are abhorrent in their contrast to

creamwhite the iids with Lidsthe cleanliness, Dome especially and to abhorrent inside the of kind best. Procflavor <y guards that lining enamel cleanliness, of Epictetus further [first] which said: "The and bath. So boilingwater in )K ess 45 minutes easy rX 2

... is down, cool fundamental jars purity Dome of the soul."seal test the when to will doubt, Some, no

jar sealed be cynical on this subject. Some will say or subtly suggest

f that the laws and concerning chastity commandments and BALL BLUE TELLS BOOK MORE personal purity are oldfashioned, aside. set can safely and be

64 pages of complete instructions for if they But so say, do they deceive is for themselves, there home canning and freezing, over 300 tempting recipes! Beautifully illus- >:''this sure certainty: that sin, oldfashioned as it is to speak

trated in full color. Send 25 ff to Ball of it, is still followed by the costs and consequences. The

Co., Brothers Dept. E85, Box 388, law of cause and effect has not been repealed—even if some California. El Monte,

would say so. How blessed is the blessedness of cleanliness—

of washing clean, of being clean, of thinking clean, of living

HOME CANNERS clean—with cleanliness of person and cleanliness of soul;

BUY MORE with the chaste and moral cleanliness of a young man or woman coming to marriage. This kind of cleanliness is at

the very core of man's peace and effectiveness in life and

THAN ANY OTHER quietness of conscience—the cleanliness of a man inside himBRAND self. In the words of Job, "he that hath clean hands shall be

stronger and stronger."3

"OLhe Spoken UU"Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, ]UNE 12, 1955 uke 5:13. 2Discourses of Epictetus: On Cleanliness.

3Job 17:9.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had no time to think, for I had other surprises in store for me. Chief Nelle's

message had gone out to the surrounding j,*'************** country, and more white Indians were coming into town from the mountains, the along $0& islands smaller rivres,jungle and the GIVE A PARTY FOR 8 WITH THIS white, others pure werethe coast. Some

were midway between white and brown.

pictures of them tookWe and questioned PIECE... 20 reserve. withoutthem

Marsh and his group sailed to the next Indian village, Alligandi. The

chief sent for them; thereupon theytraveled on the river nearly to the PIRATE *Indian town. Marsh narrates the VJm

events:following

dropped anchor, half a dozen f... As we canoes with white Indians in them came RB7

out to meet us. Among the crowd on

shore were many more, women and girls as well as men and boys.... %

the...street—wholewe saw manyfamiliesmore whiteof them.IndiansThein Only <V f/Ymi

word had passed up the coast, and they the mainland. There in flocking from were one label from any White Star %

Portogandi. in I was than even more were

amazed and bewildered... '? or Chicken of the Sea product!

Eventually Marsh brought some of the white Indians of Daricn to Washington, D.C., and kept them in the

United States and Canada for several months to be studied by the scientists. He states:

However, in spite of their hesitancy to pronounce a final word on the "scientific composition"of the white Indians, the scientists'committee did formally ainounje, through Dr. Ales Hrdlicka, that the Tule

People apparently were a practically pureblooded remnant of the ancient first dynasty

Mayas and also related anthropologically to the early coastal cultures of Peru, the Yuncas and the Chimu. This alone was of great

scientific importance, for the original firstdynasty Mayas and the preInca coastal

Peruvians are now vanished races, overby later conand amalgamatedwhelmed quering peoples."

the scientists After had studied the w Indians brought to Washington white Here's a party you can give without put-

D.C., Marsh took them back to

to any extra work. All the party $ Darien.! ting Mom

Pirate Hats,... Invitations, Place makings are forget Don't we grocers pro- I scientists the that The fact celebrating SHIP PIRATE for Tablesettings, only Games, 50 of Darien Indians white the nounced find You'll % Cards, DAYS! VALUE

Star label any one featuring from White recipes pureblooded and or delicious practically to be "a |! Star Tuna Tender White first dynasty of ancient the remnant product. the of Easy Sea Brand Chicken

.. of shipload a plus Cuts. is also Peruvians early and Mayas"\ store. at are grocery mailin blanks your at real favorite foods your

of the to students important very Send yours today! savings! I the Quiche because Book of Mormon,

Mayas of Guatemala have left three | Look for me on the label and on written documents (books) which

Pirate Ship Restaurant in Disneyland!

claim that their ancestors were Israelin claims are made ites. 2 "Numerous

these products one of from any USE LABEL Star! Pirate page) ordering Kit: Party (Continued on following White when

of the Chicken Sea Frozen Tuna; Tuna

2<'-lhid., 203204. pp. Oysters, Willapoint Tuna Dinner; Brand Frozen

206209. 2"lhid., pp. Stew. Oyster Pie, TUNA 221. 2*lbid., p.

2"Popol Vuh (English version by Delia Goetz and

Sylvanus G. Morley, Norman, Oklahoma, 1950); The 1955 Van Camp Sea Food Company, Inc., Terminal Island, California

the Lords Title of and Annals of the Cakchiquels,

Goetz, NorCs Delia (English version by of Totanicapan man, Oklahoma, 1953). ****&#******** JW,**1*r 585 1955 AUGUST

Preserve the musical tradition Archaeology and the

Book of Mormon of your church {Continued from preceding page) these Mayan books and in their traclosely parallel of Book so those and LET WICkS REBUILD Mormonditions whichteachings; who

YOUR OLD PIPE ORGAN accept the Nephite record as a divine book can unhesitatingly identify the

Time need not take its toll of the Mayas as being basically descendants beautiful old pipe organ your church has grown to love. Its traditional of the NephiteLamanite peoples.

tonal beauty can be restored by Wicks In summary, it should be kept in craftsmen. It can be enlarged to meet mind that on several occasions the

your modern musical needs, and Lord promised the Nephites through reconstructed to fit your new or his holy prophets that their seed... easier destroyed completely never be would

than A Wicks Organ Installed in 1906 tomodernizedplay andchurchmore buildingtroublefree the but would be found among ever before. Lamanites (Indians) forever. 30 These

Nothing is so vital to the spirit of promises have been reaffirmed in your church as your own pipe organ. latterday revelation to the Prophet

Whether rebuilt or completely new, Joseph Smith, Jesus Christ even proWicks provides traditionally faithclaiming that the gospel and "a ful pipe organs in every price range. A letter will bring you comknowledge of the Savior"would yet

plete information. be taken "to the Nephites."31 It

would be impossible to fulfil that promise if there were no Nephites remaining today. In consideration of

A Modern Wicks Installation these facts, the logical conclusion available to the writer is that the principal progenitors of the white Indians were the Nephites, whose history is delineated in the Book of

Mormon.

a-D. & C. 3:1618; 2 Nephi 29:1213. The Mountain West's FIRST NEWSPAPER *1 Nephi 13:3031; 2 Nephi 3:1-3.

(To be continued) FIRST in NEWS

FIRST in FEATURES The First Principles

(Continued from page 569) that he is on the wrong road! But

just the recognition that we have done wrong does not cause us to do right.

Recognition by John that he is on the wrong road must be followed by the second step, to regret that he has wasted both time and money. If he

keeps going the same way, night will soon come, and he will be so far away from Salt Lake City that he might not be able to retrace his steps. But

even regret does not stop his car which continues to carry him farther and farther away.

The third step is to resolve. John

must resolve to stop the car, turn it around, and retrace his steps to where the error began.

The fourth step is restoring. John

must then do that thing which he 586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA resolved to do—turn the car around

and retrace his steps to the paved highway that leads to Salt Lake City.

Even though John Smith repented of his error and is now continuing tohis desired destination, he might never UTOCO Gasolines replace the money, time, and perhapsopportunity lost. n

It has wisely been written: "If we

resolve that tomorrow we shall livebetter, the resolution is in vain, for 5te"T0PS if we are too weak to begin now, our weakness tomorrow will have so increased that a chain is made into a cable."The third step on this golden thread is the third principle and ordinance of the gospel, "Baptism by immersion for the remission of sins."

Elder J. Golden Kimball said:"What can God do for a man who is Balanced for Top Performance

baptize honest? You may not

if he does but fifteen minutes, him For All Cars in this Area every not repent, he will come up out of the water just as dishonest as ever.What can God do for a liar who reSMOOTHER MORE POWER

the Lord to repent? fuses Can save OPERATION salvation. Bapcan't claim him? He GREATER

tizing him in water will not settle High Antiknock the trouble, unless you keep him unQuick Starts ECONOMY der."

We have three envelopes, all alike. No Vapor Lock Longer Mileage

The only difference is that one has Fast Warm Up Cleaner Burning no postage stamps; one has one stamp;

and one has special stamps—air mail Smooth Acceleration Noncorrosive

and special delivery. If they were

dropped into a mail box, the letter with no stamps would be held back until postage stamps were provided;

the one with one stamp would start its journey properly equipped; and the

one with special stamps would be sent by air to a faraway country and receive the special privilege of special left all envelopes delivery. The the You expect more time, each at the same same stack

its there. mission completed having of from UTOCO ordinance the it is with And so

baptism. Some people may neglect and you get it!

completely the ordinance of baptism; UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

they are the ones that will be held back. Some may take upon themselves the ordinance of baptism, and

they will reach their destination; but

those who take upon themselves the The brand ordinance of baptism and other ordinances are the ones who will every Westerner reach their prized destination with the

is for difficulty, the door least baptism knows—'I of into the God. kingdom * #'JPHB"..'lsai is thread golden Fourth, on this

the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. What a wonderLEVISAMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL

ful thing it is for us to receive the SINCE 1B50 (Continued on following page) AUGUST 1955 587 The First Principles

(Concluded from preceding page) having perfect faith in the Holy One EASY Holy Ghost! Moroni said, "And by of Israel, or they cannot be saved in

the power of the Holy Ghost ye may the kingdom of God."(2 Nephi

know the truth of all things."(Moroni 9:23.)

10:5.) I have now illustrated the four STEPS On one occasion the Prophet Joseph principles and ordinances of the gospel

Smith was in Washington talking to on this golden thread; we can see thattoHomeComfot the president of the United States, they are placed in their proper posiPresident Van Buren. The President tion, and that man must live one fully

said to the Prophet Joseph Smith, before he can progress to another.

"What is the difference between you "... first, Faith in the Lord Jesus

—(meaning the Church he had just Christ; second, Repentance; third,

founded under the inspiration of Baptism by immersion for the remisGod)—and the rest of this Christian sion of sins; fourth, Laying on of

world?"The Prophet Joseph anhands for the gift of the Holy Ghost."

swered that question in one sentence, May we follow these principles and "We have the Holy Ghost."ordinances of the gospel on this

A verse that combines the four golden thread, for if we do they will steps is in Second Nephi, "And he keep us in the path of righteousness commandeth all men that they must and will help us to gain exaltation in repent, and be baptized in his name, our Heavenly Father's kingdom.

Alberta Marks Her Golden Years (Continued from page 568) his tribe, met President Card in counTemple; and an infant son, Joseph cil, and a pledge of peace was made

Young Card, later a bishop and a that has never been broken. The

president of the Western Canadian Bloods are today the wealthiest InMission; John A. Woolf, his wife dian tribe in Canada and will likely

Mary and their children, John W. be among the first to receive full

Woolf, later member of Alberta's first citizenship rights.

legislature, Jane E., Mary L., Simpson From this beginning the Canadian

A., Wilford, and Milton; E. R. Miles colonies grew in prominence. Now

and wife; J. A. Hammer and wife; four stakes are functioning: Alberta

John Merrill; Thomas R. Leavitt, wife, Stake of Cardston; Taylor Stake with

and their children Orpha, George, headquarters in Raymond, the first

Jerry, and Maggie; Johannes Anderpresident of which was the noted pio-

..how to judge and select Matkin,son, wifewife,and andfivesonchildren;Henry; SamuelGeorge neerbridgeleaderStake Heberwith S.ElderAllen;HughLeth-B.

home insulation L. Farrell and wife; Robert Daines, Brown, Assistant to the Council of the

what parts of your home Andrew L. Allen, and son Warren; Twelve, as its first president; and

to insulate first Jonathon E. Layne; Mark Preece, and Calgary Stake with Elder N. E. Tanson Franz. ner, former Alberta minister of lands r..how to protect your home Typical of pioneer LDS settlements, and mines, as its president. The

from vapor damage a church and school were built, and Western Canadian Mission has its essential store inheadquarters cooperative and in Edmonton with Elder paywith a u* remodeling gristmill, dustries a cheese such as Scott Zimmerman as president.

factory and shingle mill, started. Logs Soon after the settlement of Cardwere used for building. A post office ston, a delegation from the colonies,

was opened in 1892. President Card Elders Francis M. Lyman and John Balsamwas made the first mayor of the new W. Taylor of the Council of the

town. Chauncey E. Snow, a son of Twelve, and President Card journeyed

President Lorenzo Snow, started the to Ottawa. There they met the noted WoolReg. U.S. Pot. Off.

first bank. And so it was that the statesman and nationbuilder Sir John

Sealed and Balanced Insulation new settlement grew and others were A. Macdonald, prime minister. Pledges

Distributed by established to form in 1895 the Alof loyalty were given by the Church berta Stake of Zion with Charles Ora representatives and certain concesMORRISON-MERRILL Card as its president. sions were given by the dominion gov-

& CO. BloodNorthIndianof the reserve.settlementThewasgreatthe ernment.In December 1891, an agreement

Building Material Distributors Chief Red Crow, who had signed the was made by the Gait interests with

Blackfoot Treaty of 1877 on behalf of Elder Taylor and President Card for 588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the sale of 700,000 acres of land to the

Church for settlement, the deal basedon the building of an irrigation canal IMPROVEMENT ERAS to water the land. The covering

agreement for the building of this canal was made with the First PresilA/itl be uOouncl dency in Utah in the summer of 1898 and the first sod on the "Big Ditch"was turned at Kimball on the St. Tunudometu itOf

Mary River in September, President first furrow. the This plowingCard in / $1oo irrigation era start of the thewas

Western Canada.

With the water ditch and men from... in tlie West's finest bindery at the Deseret

Utah in rubber boots and with shovels instructionNews Press.andRetainoutstandingfor permanentarticles useof lastingthe excellentinterin their hands—something new to est that appear monthly in your Improvement Era.

editions of the Era handsomely your have You mayAlberta—came the beet sugar inwith gold clothcovered form in book bound now

dustry. And again, to Utah the stamping. Cost is just $3 (prepaid), plus necesCanadian West looked for its introsary postage, for an entire year's issues. Use the

duction in this country. During the following rate guide to determine postage costs.

colonization movement into Canada Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate at the turn of the century, "Uncle Up to 150 miles 43

Jesse"Knight and his sons, William 150 to 300 miles 49

: to 59 600 milesand Ray, of Provo, Utah, became in300

1 miles 73 to 1000 600 terested in the new country and its 1CO0 to 1400 miles 88 possibilities for investment. "Uncle 1400 to 1800 miles 1.06

Jesse"believed moreover in using his Over 1800 miles 1.23

great wealth to aid his brethren in the

Church, and when he feasted his eyes the richon prairie lands of southern Press Deseret News

Alberta, that he visualized the growth Y.yy.yyy-y.BINDERS...':': PRINTERS'.:::: yyyyy.y;yyyyyyAND:.-,.-.v'....-...-......;.;...;.;THE v.WEST'S: yyyyyy, yy,FINEST..yy y,. y.*:-.'.*y.-yy.4+>yyy-x-y-:

came in later years. The Knights 31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

acquired large land holdings from the

Gaits, stocked it with cattle, and agreed to build a sugar factory at a new settlement staked between the already growing communities of

Magrath and Stirling. specially for your

And so it was that "on August 11, 1901, in the forenoon, Elder John W.

Taylor, Charles O. Card, Jesse Knight,

George H. Brimhall, Charles McCarthy, and about 150 others gathered on the bald prairie on a spot

where the Knight Sugar Company factory was subsequently built, and started the movement from which

Ravmond has been founded."This

quotation is from the Church records of the founding of Raymond and subsequently the Taylor Stake of Zion.

In the afternoon of that same day, the

Church leaders and others gathered round a huge buffalo skull, and the new townsite was dedicated by President Card and called Raymond, in honor of "Uncle Jesse"Knight's eldest son, Ray Knight, one of the most colorful stockmen in the ranching f special Q ttenhion ofannals Western Canada.

President Edward J. Wood of theAlberta Stake and also the first presiCOFFEE

dent of the Alberta Temple at CardSHOP ston—the first temple built by the

Latterday Saints outside the domain Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager (Continued on following page) AUGUST 1955 589 prise an interesting and profitable

Alberta Marks Her Golden Years Church enterprise. Revenue derived

(Continued from preceding page) Irrigation project was carved out of goes into general Church funds to operations, assist in financing Church settled lands and Ranch Cochrane the theof the United States—approached missions, projects, the temple, building Althe of part families, Church by Cochrane the to in 1906 buyChurch

like, for the is growthe Church and the However, today. Stake berta project. This colonization as aRanch in ing thou- (about twenty Canada still the operates and owns Church of land acres of deeded 65,500spread

it as in Alberta) sand members now of the one historic Ranch, Cochrane of between Cardstonlay northwest rest is in of world. the the The its in outfits cattle day famous most rivers. Bellythe Waterton and The

purchase of the property (the stock in the West. ranches are not operated as a Church

welfare enterprise.

was not included in the deal) was In addition, the holdings include made that year, Presidents Joseph F. the Knight Ranch, formerly the KirkThirty thousand acres of the old Cochrane property was retained for

Smith, John R. Winder, and Anthon aldy, south of Raymond. In Canada,

H. Lund signed the agreement on these with the old -K2, also started ranching purposes by the Church.

buildplace with modern The homebehalf of the Church at a price of five by the Knights, are known as the ings is twentyfive miles Cardwest of dollars an acre. Later, the United Mormon Church ranches. They comston, attractively situated at the foot

of the Rockies near Waterton Lakes

National Park. A beautiful and typical Canadian ranch, it was chosen by

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY forthe itsNationalcattle Filmpicture,BoardCorral,as thedirectedsetting by Colin Low, a rising young Latterprepares you for tomorrow's leadership in many day Saint film producer of Ottawa, departments, under outstanding faculty, with finest and son of Gerald Low, foreman of teaching equipment: the Cochrane Ranch.

That beloved dean of Church leadHealth Accounting Education and Safety ers in Canada, Edward J. Wood, now History Agricultural Economics

Agronomy Homemaking Education a stake patriarch, was manager of the

Air Science Horticulture, Landscaping ranch for a number of years. J. R.

and Design Animal Husbandry Housing and Family Frodsham, formerly of Brigham City, Archaeology Human Development

Art Belations Utah, has been manager since 1930,

Bacteriology Industrial Arts and Drawing with his office in Cardston. The

Bible, Modern Scripture Intercollegiate Athletics and IntraBotany mural Athletics ranches operate under the Alberta

Business Management Journalism Stake of Zion, a Canadian corporation,

L.D.S. Chemistry Church Organization and and all business clears through the Administration Church History

Clothing and Textiles Library Science Presiding Bishop's office, approved by

Economics Marketing the First Presidency. Presiding BishEconomics, Management Mathematics Home

Administration Educational Modern and Classical Languages op Joseph L. Wirthlin has direct

Educational Instruction Music charge of the Church ranch business

Services Nursing Research, Educational

Values, Programs Physical Education for Men in Canada and has often joined the Educational

Engineering Sciences: Physical Education for Women cowboys on the range at roundup

Acoustical Physics time. The ranches are close to his

Civil Political Science heart. The ranch hands delight to Chemical Psychology

Electrical Badio and Television call him the "Cowboy Bishop."

Geological Becreation Twentyseven hundred acres of the

Mechanical Scouting English Secretarial Training Cochrane Ranch have been cultivated

Finance and Banking Sociology and are used for growing suppleArts Dramatic Speech and and Nutrition Food

Beligious Philosophy mentary feed. There is a herd of and Theology Geography

Geology Zoology and Entomology some thirtyseven hundred Hereford cattle on the place, the mother ranch—CLIP AND MAIL FOR FREE INFORMATION—for the two spreads added later—the

-K2 near Woolford, bought in 1947

PUBLIC SERVICES DEPARTMENT and consisting of 11,000 acres affordBrighcim Young University, Provo, Utah ing good summer pasture; and the

Please send me free of charge the follow ing: Kirkaldy acquired by the Church in

( ) Catalog 1948. The latter was renamed the

( ) Admission application Knight Ranch, honoring the memory ( ) Housing application of "Uncle Jesse"Knight, at the sug- ( ) ROTC information gestion of President David O. McKay.

( ) Other Both these ranches were purchased from the Mclntyre Ranching Company, founded by the Salt Lake

City Mclntyres in the early days of Alberta settlement.

The Knight Ranch consists of 590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

81,000 acres with 3,000 acres of tillable land, part in alfalfa. Grain and

feed crops are raised on the property, and the ranch will soon have its own private irrigation unit supplied from the annual spring runoff. This ranch,

set back in the rolling Milk River

Ridge country, has about 90 miles of fence, 22 separate fields and carries some 3500 head of cattle. S. M.

Lybbert is foreman of the big Knight spread.

As many as 10,000 cattle stock the ranches at times. At present 160

head of registered purebred Herefords are based at the Cochrane Ranch.

Some 2800 tons of native hay and timothy are taken from Cochrane

Ranch lands yearly as it is first class grass country. Around 3,000 calves

are marketed each fall usually going to eastern Canada feedlots to be turned off as finished market cattle.

All ranches have an abundance of water, the Cochrane having a number of lakes, two creeks, and two rivers.

The Latterday Saints and their record of achievements occupy a vital place in the Alberta Jubilee mosaic.

In noble beauty the Alberta Temple at Cardston, with Edward L. Smith

as its president, stands a symbol of the permanency, strength, and faith of the Latterday Saints in the Dominion of Canada.

%&i

Summertime Special!

The Tabernacle Choir (Concluded from page 565) Fbsfum Milk Shake have limited the surging flood of gratitude. Just think—the most refreshing treat you'll taste all summer

is made from your favorite wintertime drink—Instant Postum

Paderewski once said, "The Mormon Tabernacle Choir is- a magnifiThis delicious, grainrich beverage is made of whole wheat tastes as good with cold milk as it does with hotcent and imposing chorus. Their and bran—

singing is wonderful."2 water or hot milk!

Why not surprise your family with frosty Postum milk On another occasion, John Philip shakes today? Just follow the quick, easy directions on the jar.

Sousa made the following comment:

"I have heard most of the choirs and large choruses of the country, and played with them. Certainly the

Mormon Choir is the best trained of Instant Postum any in the United States...,"3

America's favorite cereal beverage 2Scrapbook on Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir's activities, Church Historian's Office, Salt Lake City, Utah. Another fine product of General Foods

sldem.

AUGUST 1955 591 his great plan of salvation. The

Priesthood and Elders Prophet Joseph Smith has made this clear in the following quotation:

Introductory Statement operating through his only begotten There are two Priesthoods spoken of in

Son, by which all of the works of theAaronicScriptures,or Levitical.viz., the MelchizedekAlthough thereand theare

Priestyet Priesthoods, the Melchizedek or Levitical the Aaronic comprehendsThePriesthoodarticlesPage"on theof "Melchizedekthe last two heavensrighteousnessand throughoutare performedthe Churchin the twohood issues of The Improvement Era and kingdom of God here on the Priesthood, and is the grand head, and holds have stressed the importance of the earth. It is by this authority alone thePriesthood,highest andauthoritythe keyswhichof thepertainsKingdomto theof

keeping of God's commandments by that men speak and act in the name God in all ages of the world to the latest those who are candidates for the Melof the Savior for the salvation of the posterity on the earth; and is the channel

chizedek Priesthood and also by those human family. In modern revelation through which all knowledge, doctrine, the

of every important matsalvation and plan the the of that priesthood. proclaimed eternal naLord are bearerswho

is ter revealed heaven. from

stating: ture priesthood, of the the Bishoprics throughout Church

were urged to work diligently and faithfully with boys and men who Which priesthood continueth in the Priesthood and Offices in the Priesthood all is of generations, and God inhold the Aaronic Priesthood in their church 2 years. of without beginning days or end of

efforts to prepare them for the recepin the Priesthood First—Offices

after tion Priesthood Holy of "The declaration in was made A similar of the Son of God."1 the Order (Inspired in Version), speakAnd Hebrews growing out of Appended to and

again, stake presidencies were urged ing of Melchizedck's ordination. To the Melchizedek Priesthood are varito ordain to the Melchizedek Priestquote: ous offices; however, it is definitely

hood only those brethren who have understood, according to the teachqualified themselves for this great For this Melchisedec was ordained a priest ings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, blessing by keeping God's commandafter the of the Order Son of God, which that the Melchizedek Priesthood 1 emorder father, without was mother, without ments.

all offices braces in authority and descent, without neither having beginning it is desirable only Certainly not is priesthood. clearly stated This life. days, of nor end all those And who the

of the the purpose Church but 7 in the ofare this ordained unto priesthood in revelation. are made A. modern Dr. John Mellatter-days the Holy to make like unto the Son of God, abiding a priest Widtsoe gave the purpose of these 3

continually. to every available chizedek Priesthood

offices as follows:

male member; but, since that priesthood is so sacred and of such great Second—Aaronic Priesthood, an ApThis authority of priesthood is designed to

value in preparing its holders for pendage of the Melchizedek Priestassist men in all of life's endeavors, both exaltation, only those who would hood temporal and spiritual. Consequently, there

profit by its gifts and show a willingareeach divisionscharged orwithofficesa definitein the duty,Priesthood,fitting ness to magnify their callings should Both the Bible and the Doctrine a special human need. 8

have it bestowed upon them. and Covenants speak of two priestThose men who hold the Aaronic hoods in the Church, namely, "the Since the work assigned to the

Priesthood but have not qualified for Melchizedek and Aaronic, including Church is so varied and extensive, it the Melchizedek Priesthood by keepthe Levitical Priesthood."4 In reality was necessary for the Lord to devise

ing God's commandments should be they do not constitute two separate a division of labor among those who worked with continuously by those in priesthoods but only one, since all of hold the priesthood. This was acpositions of leadership with the hope the authority and power of God is complished through establishing the

of preparing them for the marvelous resident in the Melchizedek Priestoffices in the priesthood.

blessings of the higher priesthood. hood and the Aaronic is an appendage In the Melchizedek Priesthood

to that higher priesthood. Thus we there are six offices, namely:

One Priesthood Only are informed that these two divisions First, the elder, who is a standing home or grand heads—Melchizedek and minister; second, the seventy, who is a travelor Levitical Aaronic Priesthood is priest, First—One minister; third, ing the high who Priesthood—are

to prethings in spiritual administer and not separate parts. 5 The to but coherent priesthood only in the There is one

heavens and on the earth: and that duties and authorities of each touch side as his calling in the Church requires;

priesthood is "The Holy Priesthood and unite in their workings and fourth,blessingstheuponpatriarch,the membersa high priest,of thewhoChurch;seals

after the Order of the Son of God"; thereby become the means to forfifth, the apostle, who is a traveling counor as it is more commonly known toward God's purposes as contained in Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, edited by

day, the Melchizedek Priesthood. It Joseph Fielding Smith (Salt Lake City, 1942), pp.

is the power of the Eternal Father, 3HebrewsHbid., 84:17.7:3, Inspired Version. 166167.TJ & C 107:5.

iD. & C. 107:1. 8John A. Widtsoe. Program of the Church (Salt

>D. & C. 107:3. mid., 107:1-6. Lake City, 1938), p. 139.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

visits Priesthood, and that this age be chizedek teacher the special him of the witness who to honor of bound cilor, and name office nineteen. 1,4 is sixth, the and to honor the world; as he Christ in all in his home, and Jesus

the presidency of the High Priesthood, who counsel of the presiding quorum in the all they the priesthood; right to have the officiate in all the offices Church. have They Ordination 8 are Second—The callings, their in and they are all acting of the priesthood.

the places, because all Lord essential in their Melchizedek of the bestowal The set in his them and appointed has them Priestoffices of the Aaronic The elder of office the and Priesthood if or, ignore them; cannot Church. We

1* priest, are: teacher, deacon, hood stake of the the direction heads. our under will sin be do, the upon comes and we

bishop; the latter also holds the Melpresidency. The stake president may

chizedek Priesthood. J. B. Keeler exWhen one keeps the foregoing in perform the ordinations; or invite one

plained the offices of the priesthood mind, he is easily convinced that the of his counselors to do so; or authoras follows: Lord desires that each man should ize the high councilor who is serving

learn his duty and function in his on the stake Melchizedek Priesthood offices are not Priesthood, parts of the The office in the priesthood faithfully for committee as contact man for the as said. erroneously is sometimes Office

means the service or duty to be performed; the salvation of souls and the building elders'quorums to do the ordaining

that is, a definite line of work to be folof Zion. or even other qualified and worthy

lowed. It is not correct to say that a perpersons may be authorized by the

son Priesthood holds the or the of Deacon,

Priesthood rather that of Teacher. Say he The Term "Elder"stake president to perform these

holds the office of Deacon, or the office of ordinations.

Teacher.10 First—The General Use of the Term Elder Third—Calling of Elders

F. President explained Smith Joseph to minister a standing elder is The

this principle follows: as aptly to renappointed being The term elder is used in a general the Church,

to refer to any in the Church way services. spiritual Since he is a der office of this growing out There is no Priesthood. Melchizedek of the degree Priesthood, is Melchizedek of the holder the be greater that than or can Priesthood

Priesthood itself. It is from the Priesthood Thus, we often hear an apostle spoken he has the authority to perform the

that the office derives its authority and of as an elder. So it is with the sevenworks of the Aaronic Priesthood. It

to gives office the authority power. priests or ties sometimes No the high and

is are to those confirm his duty who to office the power Priesthood. adds No patriarchs. the The genwith even of laying hands the baptized "by on all offices in the of Priesthood. the But

is to title applied often elder of eral virtue, fire their their of derive power, Holy the for the baptism Church and 11 offices in various holding brethren 15 Priesthood. the their authority, from to assigned be Ghost."may He

the priesthood in giving an account

Second-—Importance of Each Office in of their labors. ordainand deacons;other elders,anoint priests,the sickteachers,by the

the Priesthood Second—The Specific Usage of the layingat home,on andof hands;abroad;preachand administerthe gospel

It is essential that all holders of the Term Elder the ordinances thereof. When so dipriesthood recognize the importance of rected, the elder is authorized to conis also in elder used The term also the value of the priesthood and 10 Also, meetings. author- a duct when

it is to specific applied sense in which priesthood. in the various offices the ized, the right to officiate an elder has

It should be remembered that the the first office in the Melchizedek in the place of a high priest when the

Savior placed the various offices in the Priesthood; thus the office of an elder latter is'not present and when duly

the priesthood of Melcomes under of building for the purpose Church authorized. high priests and The 13 all chizedek. and performing up the kingdom elders are to in spiritual administer

of the works of the Lord in righteousthings, agreeable to the covenants ness. Every office in the priesthood Office and Calling of Elders and commandments of the Church;

is of great importance. In regards and they have the right to officiate in to their importance, President Joseph First—Age of Ordination to Melchizethese offices of the Church when

F. Smith declared: dek Priesthood and Receiving the there are no higher authorities presOffice of Elder ent 17

I believe it to be the duty of the Church

In the words of President Brigham every acknowledge and recognize to man his On November official it, in position in 29, 1934, the First Young: holds an who

sphere and in his calling. I hold to the docPresidency of the Church wrote the

trine that the duty of a teacher is as sacred following: It is the right and privilege of every Elder

as the duty of an apostle, in the sphere in in Israel to enjoy the Holy Ghost, and the which he is called to act, and that every We hereby approve the Twelve's recom- {Concluded on page 599) member of the Church is as much in duty mendation in letter of September 29, that a 14Rudger Clawson, Book of Decisions, signed by

Grant, Clark, Heber Reuben Jr., J. and David O. for fixed the ordaining definite be time

First PresidencyJ. of McKay, cited 29, (Nov. in 1934), 111112. pp.

office elder to priests the of in the Mel- *lbid.,10 cit., Widtsoe, 113. op. p. Priesthood Govand Church Lesser Keeler, J B.

20:41. C. 15D. 28. City, & (Salt 1929), Lake ernment

107:1112. 163164. Ibid., (Salt City, Ibid., pp. Lake Doctrinep. F. Gospel Smith, "Joseph

107:7. 107:1112. lbid., C. D. & 148. p. 1949),

AUGUST 1955 593 ThePresiding

Is This Boy In Your Ward?

"TVuring the week, a cleancut young -*-'man, bearing the Aaronic Priesthood, came into the office of the Presiding Bishopric and wanted to know how he could get the individual awards he had earned during each of the last four years and how he could obtain the new Aaronic Priesthood pin.

He and his pals had asked their

Aaronic Priesthood leaders about their awards several times with no results. He

came to see the Presiding Bishopric tom

PRIESTS ESTABLISH AWARD RECORD see what they could do about it.

Seventysix percent of the priests in the Lehi Fourth Ward, Lehi (Utah) Stake, qualiFour years he had waited! Four years

fied for the individual Aaronic Priesthood award for 1954. They are also hoping to

establish a perfect record of attendance at priesthood and sacrament meeting for 1955. he had been disappointed! Why?

Bishop Grant Christofferson, right front, takes his rightful place as president of the Is he in your, ward? Is there any boy priests'quorum.

A. Kelsey Chatfield, quorum adviser, is devoted to his calling and to his young in your ward feeling the same way for

men. the same reason?

HYRUM THIRD WARD, HYRUM (UTAH) STAKE, QUALIFIES NINETY

PERCENT FOR INDIVIDUAL AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AWARD

ST. (ARIZONA) ST. JOHNS WARD, STAKE JOHNS

IN ESTABLISHES 1 HIGHEST (75%) INDIVIDUAL RECORD IN WARD'S HISTORY AWARDS

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

Bishoprics Page Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Ushering Needs Added Emphasis Time, Tact, Patience

to sit prefer and then proceed meetings they to attend our is A delight to Essential in Ward Teaching IT in that find accommodations help them welltrained find courteous, and ushers on hand to assist in making the area. Time, tact, and patience are vital feapeople comfortable. Ushers should not feel it is their duty tures of successful ward teaching.

It has been consistently suggested that to show everyone to a seat. Often, peoTime is indispensable because the obordained teachers be given the responsiple prefer to go by themselves to the jectives of the program cannot be acbility of ushering in our ward meetings, place of their choice. Ushering is a complished without it. Some ward

particularly in Sunday School and in courteous service primarily provided for teachers become discouraged because sacrament meeting. crowded meetings, to welcome strangers, they are unable to change the attitude

Strangers often come to our Sunday and to seat the people in areas assigned of inactive members promptly. They

Schools and, unless an usher is on hand to their respective classes or groups. forget that in many instances inactivity

timeconsuming a section through to the about where to conduct came them the opoverlook never should Ushers and months, weeks, is seated, involving they or class age process their group physiare assist to those portunity who the of as one time years. quite With often embarconfused are and even

in wheel Persons cally handicapped. inactivity, to up leading factors servbearers Priesthood rassed. Aaronic primary

special instance, for need chairs, may overexpect to impractical it School as be during ushers Sunday ing would of, into, out getting in assistance and long so those from to reformation the in chapel place night the should know if strangers, are they chapel. the And is it exceptions, are in class There inactive. or group each occupied by be

to where will probably want know they it time takes instances in most astrue, but prompt courteous that and order sit comfortably it is they suggested may of habits and thinking all, the parto to and sistance rendered change be may are there chairs. their in wheel Then

is something Repentance as inactive. are uncertain to those ticularly the who difficulty hearin have those may who should There pondered. sit. Priestbe Aaronic should that to should they where

sit to close like the to ing and would There deliberation. for coclose time in be leaders should always work hood

in going feel timid front but may who is hurunduly if repentance is suSchool the danger Sunday with operation a escorted unless by seat front a to details ried. the in out working perintendency

for ushering during Sunday School. courteous usher. Tact is fundamental because it opens

Ushers serving the people attending It is recommended that more attenthe door to more pleasant relationships.

sacrament meeting should inquire of tion be given to adequate and wellIt supplies'the ability for ward teachers those desiring assistance as to where planned ushering during our meetings. to conduct themselves skilfully, saying

or doing nothing which will give the slightest offense. This sympathetic

power permits discussion of delicate matTact ters complete understanding. with BROTHERS THREE

of virtues consisting combination is a EARN SEVEN

AWARDS EACH of sound judgment, good common sense, and a kindly, tolerant feeling toward

Dean, Jack, and Don others. Tact is an element of love. Paul

left Peterson, to right, Fillmore Third Ward, in his analysis of this outstanding virtue

Millard (Utah) Stake, declared good behavior to be one of have each earned seven the chief components of tactfulness. (I

individual Aaronic Cor. 13:5.)

Priesthood awards, one for each of the seven Patience, too, is a desirable quality of years they the were in teachers ward virtue that character—a proPriesthood Aaronic are there Always need to cultivate. gram.

those who want to wait, to delay, or to postpone. Regardless of repeated disappointments, ward teachers should remain gracious. To exhibit frustration

LENNOX WARD after one or even a series of reverses is

Inglewood DEACONS, set to show poor taste. The ability to main- (California) Stake,

perfect attendance record tain complete composure and calmness at priesthood and sacrain the face of defeat demonstrates the meetings ment of patience. Displaying antwo ing for afteryears—trystrength

good example in persistnoyance at failure to accomplish perence. sonal objectives frequently destroys furHarold Anderson,

adviser, ther opportunities to teach those whose faithful quorum stands at the left on the habits and religious philosophies do not back row. Credit is also conform with Church standards and

Griffin, to Charles given of the Sr., secretary ward doctrines.

committee for his loyIt takes a combination of time, tact, alty and full coopera- and patience to teach effectively. tion.

AUGUST 1955 595 Today's

efs Cook Czech

With ciMartba Roubicek

by Allie Howe

prepared the way for us! For prepare their meals. "In CzechosloGodmany years we prayed to come vakia,"she explains, "meal preparato America and to the temple, tion is one of the biggest events of the Martha Roubicek

but the Nazis came, and then others; day, and much time and effort is given

we lived in fear all the time. It's a to cooking."She thinks that is why flowered chicken on rice,"and another

miracle that we are here, but God the Czechs are known as such good variation, "paprika chicken."Each

made it possible. Everything was to cooks. "Food is much heavier than of these is especially tasty served with

be as it is. He blessed us that we here, for the Czechs eat many pothe famous Czechoslovakian knedliky.

could enjoy this great freedom. It is tatoes, noodles, rice, and other

so wonderful to be here. We are so starches. Perhaps,"Martha smiled, Roast Pork

grateful. No matter what kind of "that is why we don't have so many Prepare as usual the roast pork, but

trouble we have, we say, 'It is so streamlined figures over there."There sprinkle caroway seeds over the roast,

wonderful to be here!'"are reasons for the starchy foods, one and baste frequently. When roast is

Colored by her charming Czechoof those reasons being that in Czechocooked, spoon off the top grease and add slovakian accent, those were the enslovakia there are few vegetables and to sauerkraut (see recipe). For a Czechothusiastic, yet humble and sincere fruits out of season. There are no slovakian specialty, put the top grease

set, refrigerate until a container, sentiments of Martha Roubicek as she canneries there. Consequently, in in

spread a sprinkle with on rye bread, told of the struggle of her family, of America vegetables and fruits are a tle salt, and serve. After spooning awaylitthe Church, and of the Saints during glorious treat to the Roubiceks. the top grease, make a pan gravy (withWorld War II. There are other differences in the out flour) of the meat juices and water;

Hers is a firsthand account of seekcooking which have been a problem pour in gravy boat, and use on knedliky ing shelter in dark, damp dugouts to Martha: American flour is of a as desired.

during the raging conflicts in the different consistency; the butter is

Knedliky (Czech Dumplings) streets of Prague; of her twentyone- salted rather than sweet; the measurer Recipe for four

yearold husband directing the Czech ments vary; and all in all Martha

Mission, keeping personal contact with claims she has had some difficulty 2y2 cups flour the Saints throughout the mission adapting some of her favorite home- 1 teaspoon baking powder during the fearful years of the war, country recipes. But her apologies 1 teaspoon salt

yolks egg proprovidential receiving unnecessary are her because and of his or cup milk water dinners l l/42 attacks. during tection bombing are To Martha always in demand, and slices 9 white bread (not too fresh)

hear her story and to sense the humis wellknown as one of those "good ble gratitude of the Joseph Roubicek Czech cooks."Mix egg yolks and milk together. Add

family is an inspiration. In discussing Czechoslovakian to sifted dry ingredients. If necessary

milk. add a more This should make tells of the remarkable recipes, pointed Martha Martha and menus

stiff the conalmost dough the tramedium was finally to in which America's manner that way comparable out sistency of dough. bread with Mix

to the for family her to come opened ditional dinner is the turkey Czech for fifteen or spoon wooden minutes "land of freedom and promise—to the roast pork, knedliky, and sauerkraut. until dough does not stick to spoon, and

temple of the Lord,"and her appreHer recipes for this traditional meal let stand for 30 minutes.

ciation of these blessings increases follow, but in suggesting them Martha Cut the bread into l/2 inch squares, when she remembers that they were said she was not a sauerkraut lover, so brown in frying pan with butter or among the last few Czechs allowed to she has developed her own special margarine until crisp. Combine dough

migrate from that country. Leaving recipe for a notso-sour sauerkraut. and bread squares and mix thoroughly.

loved ones and personal properties Each of her recipes has her individual Put dough on floured board and form behind, all that the Joseph Roubiceks manner of preparation and a very into balls the size of hands clenched brought with them were memories, special appeal. She also has her own together.Fill the largest pan available with

talents, and their testimonies. recipes for what she called "cauliwater just about two inches from the

Among their memories were some top. Add 2 teaspoons salt and bring to

special Czechoslovakian recipes. a hard boil. Add knedliky balls and

Martha was most surprised at the reduce heat to a gentle boil for 20 to hustle with which American cooks (Concluded on page 598) 596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Folks are writing me about my new Instant Frosting Mix"

-satisTkttqCvxk&L OF GENERAL HILLS

"It's no work at all. And it's so

good,"writes one happy user.

"It sets up perfect—never runs

off the cake or gets hard or sugary."And "It's so quick! So

easy! Really fun to make.

Seems like a miracle compared to oldfashioned cooked icings I used to make,"says another.

< Chocolate Malt "My whole family likes every one of your flavors,"a houseChocolate Fudge wife writes. "Peanut Creme is

the youngsters'favorite... I

think Chocolate Malt is a grand new idea... and of course we

all love Chocolate Fudge!"

Have you tried new Betty Crocker Instant Frosting Mix? It has a meltin- NEW!Ba6f; J/vCV>cli.

flavor yourmouth you'd never believe possible in an instant frosting. Each

boxmakesenoughtofrost INSTANT FROSTING MIX a big, twolayer cake generously—top, sides

No cooking! Smooth spreading! and filling. Your grocer

has Betty Crocker InAnd it comes out perfect every time! stant—and Frostingit's the Mixeasiest,now

smoothest, surest frosting you ever spread on

Peanut Creme a cake

3 creamysmooth flavors

CHOCOLATE FUDGE

CHOCOLATE MALT PEANUT CREME

tJT

JUST OPEN BOX ADD BOILING WATER STIR AND SPREAD

Betty Crocker says: "If you can boil water, you can frost a cake with my new Instant Frosting Mix."

KNOW YOUR LDS COOKS

{Concluded from page 596) 1 frying chicken thickening gravy milk 1 cup quarts or five lea*st four At minutes. 25

knedliky * or noodles, rice, will balls as the required of water are swell. Too much water cannot spoil Add chopped onions to melted butter;

the balls, but too little will. When saute about five minutes or until onions

cooked, cut immediately into l l/2 inch have acquired a yellowish color. Add

slices, using white thread to avoid paprika. Cut chicken in pieces and

crushing. Cover with butter and serve place on top of onions. Add a small

at once. As Martha said, "The guests amount of water, and as it boils away

can wait for the knedliky, but the add more, and continue to do so until knedliky cannot wait for the guests."chicken is tender. When chicken is

ready remove from the pan and add

Roubicek Sauerkraut water and milk gravy thickening to (Special recipe for a sweeter sauerkraut) chicken juices. If desired, strain onions

.. THEY'RE BETTER TASTE THEY thickenadding before juices pan from cabbage 1 white sweet head medium GET MORE! YOU.... EASIER TO MAKE flavoring. extra give will onions but ing,

seeds 1 caroway. teaspoon JAMS UNCOOKED Return if desired. paprika more Add recipes the with made sauerkraut 1 can No. deby.. 1 exclusively and gravy veloped the to chicken of pieces the

M.C.P. (diced) JELLY JAM onions small 2 Serve minutes. ten AND.. for about becomare let simmer PECTIN

1 salt teaspoon. favorites with greater ing adFor knedliky. or noodles, rice, over all the preservers home taste suit to or 1 sugar, more tablespoon is easy a reason time. with The rice, cook for flavor ditional

recipes roast uncooked jam these pork M.C.P. to see: or 1 shortening teaspoon been has which in boiling onion small cooking and the usual eliminate whole

grease of loss short, cause matter which, how no cloves. whole three or two placed yield. Actureduce color) flavor and (and butter less require green uncooked jams ally, M.C.P.'s with chicken paprika this Serve

give more you jam sugar, yet—fruit and that vegetables other for or flavorfull each beets, colorfull, jam of pint a beans, seeds, caroway cabbage, add the of batch Just fruit! a make crushed of Chop cup combe may menu sweet. The not are for inPeach Jam, uncooked extraluscious until of water in small amount cook and! Recipes for yourself for dessert. see stance, and or salad jello light a with pleted well the regu- (as this as jams uncooked M.C.P. While tender. it to become begins

in jellies) every come lar jams cooked and a in sauerkraut is place canned dependable oz.) M.C.P. cooking, (3y> package there that admits Martha Although toGet some PECTIN.of JELLY JAM AND onions which diced small two pan, add grocer's your at day... a between relationship is close a simmer. butter, and in sauted been have she stomach, his and heart man's IT'S to BARGAIN drain, WONDERFUL is add A ready, cabbage When

IN REAL REFRESHMENT! sauerkraut and its juices, season with claims that had it not been for a

PURE LEMONADE Czechoslovakia in shortening. branch Simsmall MIA add sugar, and.. salt and in seconds with.

is -v / readyto-usemade cooked M.C.P. Joseph. her cabbage until met have not together might she mer There's JUICE! LEMON knedliky. short and pork roast a fuss or only no with no muss serve baptized... and been had She

squeeze. to lemons You

this handsome just sugar, water, add she met and time before ice. make, Anyone can meetat investigator little, an MIA too, everyone likes it. so Costs which Cauliflowered Chicken on Rice young

a means satisfy. Youlot canwhenmaketherenearlyare 2childrenquarts ofto 1 frying chicken ing, and she knew he was the answer

this for lemonade wholesome no more than 1 medium head cauliflower to her faithful prayers. Today bottles the or three of most cost of two

bottled beverages. M.C.P.

unadulterated, is pure, fullLEMONstrengthJUICEjuice, 2 tablespoons butter Martha and Joseph Roubicek are rich It is in "reconstituted"Vitamin C. flour daughters, Eva NOT of their two proud

... preservatives of kind, contains no any

(to taste) mace as and such sulphur 10, dioxide 13 unwholesome or aged and and Daniela, this soda. benzoate of for out (Watch when rice son, infant... now their juice, Americanborn bottled canned or buy you lemon

. salt three months old. When Martha's JUICEread theislabelthe carefully!)convenient, M.C.P.economicalLEMONway

to have lemon times on at hand she in first her arms placed was boy.. all. for uses the in has jam juicemany—all quarts of two in about chicken Boil jelly cooking, on making, baking and itand little missionbless you, said, "God fish, in etc. salad dressing, completely Get a but not tender FREE until water

to writing Recipe the by Folder M.C.P. ary. in separately cauliflower cooked. Cook Calif. Laboratory, Kitchen Anaheim, (By

there's the way, M.C.P. FROZEN LEMON

If too. your grocer doesn't JUICE, have a minimum amount of salted water unThe Roubiceks live in Midvale,

it, ask him to get it for you.) til it begins to soften. Utah, where Joseph has built them a

When chicken is tender, remove from home of their own. There they have

IF YOU'RE A "CALORIE COUNTER"pan. Add butter and flour gravy thickparticipated in ward genealogical and

HERE'S IMPORTANT NEWS FOR YOU! ening and the cauliflower water to the Relief Society work, and treasure the

IT'S covertype a new without boil ABOUT juices and chicken of blessings the count.. and memories pectin first of the

a If necessary add minutes. its only for of.product 20 and ing the over in presiding spent their time.. kind enables that mace, with flour. Season little more to desfruit you. make Mission. Czechoslovakian

fillserts, tart and taste. to pepper, salt, and

jellies, ings, jamspie and for I and prayed have "Everything bones the from meat chicken less, etc. custards, the with Cut <r I so all! at This be. wonderful sugar or no to have for has come hoped gravy. Add in the pieces the drop and is pectin little,new M.C.P. SUGAR""LOW

.. is and family it and a another husband exclusive for wonderful boil PECTIN and rosebuds cauliflower small

Citrus.ofand development Mutual Products

little son. for hour a even And an stand it, and Let home, 10 minutes. now a With can Company. you now about make

variety of delicious recipes great rigid meet, restrictions the sugar and starch that still for better seasoning. Heat again and to have this great freedom—to be

diabetic of diets, the exacting requirements diets, control the taste serve over rice, noodles, or knedliky. here in America—to be able to go to or simply of weight

sweet preference than the temple! I don't deserve such

usual."M.C.P. SUGAR""less for "LOWthings. PECTIN. in stores available is not yet but Paprika Chicken happiness."

it like information you'd about. more andif

honest to sincere humility try. and get you how some may Such onions small 2 request, postcard with your name.. dropanda Roubicek is the Martha gratitude address, the to Laboratory, Kitchen M.C.P. margarine or lb. butter

Calif., I. Dept. Y8 Anaheim, for happiness. recipe paprika teaspoons 4

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD (Concluded from page 593) Church he may not perform this light of it, to know everything which conordinance unless authorized by the cerns duties, himself his individual but and his right to bishop of the ward; while in the misdictate privilege toit is not and

his superior in office, nor to give him counsion field he receives his authorization sel, unless he is called upon to do so, then from the president of the mission. The

he may make suggestions. 18 authorization is necessary from those

two parties because the bishop holds

Also, President Joseph F. Smith the keys of the priesthood in his ward

made the following suggestions re-—which keys are the directing

garding elders: power—while the president of the

It is the duty of this body of men [the mission holds the keys of the priestelders] to be standing ministers at home; to hood in his mission. It is necessary

be ready at the call of the presiding officers for elders to receive authorization for of the Church and the stakes; to labor and each assignment from those who hold

administer to officiate in at home; and any the keys. The presiding authoritiescalling that of required them; may be

whether it be to work in the temples, or to or presidencies in priesthood quorums labor in ministry at home, or whatever it are the ones who hold the keys of be to go out into the world, along with priesthood of those quorums; thus,

the seventies, to preach the gospel to the keys go with presidency. It is necesworld.18

sary to have only certain people in

Defining some of the duties of the Church possess directive power or elders, we read the following in the keys so that order may be preserved

Doctrine and Covenants: in the numerous activities of the

kingdom. President Joseph F. Smith

... which quorum is instituted for standexplains as follows:

ing ministers; nevertheless they may travel,yet they are ordained to be standing minisThe leading fact to be remembered is UNIVERSAL

ters to my church, saith the Lord.20 that the priesthood is greater than any of its offices; and that any man holding the travel Service

Priesthood may, by virtue Rest on JurisdicMelchizedekFourth—Functions of its Hotel Temple Square Hotel Ben Lomond

pertainpossession, perform ordinance any Salt Lake City tion and Authorization Ogden, Utah ing thereto, or in connection therewith, 5-6552—5-5924 4-2667

Although an elder, through right of when called upon to do so by one holding having received the Melchizedek the proper authority, which proper authorPriesthood and having had bestowed ity is vested in the President of the Church, upon him the office of an elder has orofficerany inwhomthe Churchhe mayis designate.under his Everydirecthe right to perform all the works pertion and he is directed of God. He is also 24 Hour

taining unto that office, cannot he of go selected of the Lord to be the head the service priestso the becomes and Church when perform thoseahead and perworks its of includes the hood (which Churchtaining that office unto unless he re365 days a year its officers shall so acand members) haveceives the proper for authorization;

him. cepted upheld and C. 107:22.) (D. &

example, an elder has the authority No man can justly presume to have authorto baptize, but in the ward of the ity merely by virtue of his priesthood...

for in addition, he must lsDiscourscs edited Young, 21 by John A. accepted by the Church. (SaltWidtsoe ofLakeBrighamCity, 228. p. 1925), be chosen and Electric

"'Joseph op. cit., F. Smith, 184185. pp.

-D. & C. 124:137. -'Joseph F. Smith, op. cit., p. 174.

WATER TWO VIEWS OF CHURCH HISTORY HEATING (Continued from page 571) nations, beginning at Jerusalem. And

dust... we do wipe off against you: ye are witnesses of these things."

notwithstanding be ye sure of this, (Luke 24:4748.) (Italics author's.) costs the

that the kingdom is come of God average Passing of nigh he the Church:—But

Afterunto 10:10.) you."(See ibid., family apostles *- even if the were to suffer

they have had their chance, the aposthe same rejection and death as the only tles'business with them is over. "... master, is not the gloom of the "secabout

shall rulers before ye be brought and of relieved act"survival the ond by 10c forkings sake, testimony a for my of the chilchurch? the "little What a day

.. against shall be hated them ye and Your Dcaltr By y From Alas! taught? they dren"they whom

Or Plumber..". all of for sake: name's men my. the are given of extincpromise same

13:9-13.) (Mark "Ye are witnesses for tion; too, they, are required to "enBe Modern... part of the unto the uttermostme to the dure the are given end"and

"... reforearth."Acts (See 1:8), Electrically Live comfort same and promise—eternal

sins of remission shouldpentance and life. "If will any come man & LIGHT CO. after UTAH POWER

all in hisbe preached among name (Continued following on page)

AUGUST 1955 599 VIEWS OF CHURCH HISTORY NEW DRIPLESS TWO preceding page) (Continued from (I this world. nothing with to do PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET

his life. (See me,"he must lose It is all 3:1 Off.) to say too easy Matt. Cor.

16:24, 25; Mark 8:34, 35; Luke 9:23, with the pagan philosophers and

24.) The whole church—not just fourth century theologians that to

the apostles—are to be "partakers in "leave the world"means only to lay

Christ's sufferings"in a physical aside the lusts of the flesh. It was

sense, and receive the incorruptible Christ who served as the great examinheritance "reserved for you in ple in this to the early Christians; all

heaven, and receive the end (reward) true believers knew that they "must of your faith, the salvation of your suffer with him [Christ], that we souls."(See I Peter 1:5.) "Forasmay also be glorified together,"

much then as Christ hath suffered (Romans 8:17)—but what can this

for us in the flesh, arm yourselves have to do with turning from lust likewise with the same mind.... to philosophy? The Lord never inSet consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water (Ibid., 4:1.) What the saints can dulged in either.

tray, in beautiful appearing milk white plastic. look forward to here is "necessities, We learn from the Bible that the

fold handles, that crystal down sturdyLarge distresses, stripes, imprisonments, tuend of the church was to come in into place lock automaticallyfor storage, but when being used. mults, fastings."(II Cor. 6:4-5.) The two ways. The first was the exterThe water tray consists of two pieces: a flat exhortation to the Saints is all for a mination of those who stood fast; that

filler,tray, water that can as a be used which lastditch stand; they are to "take the is, as we have seen, the very condition absolutely into tray, locksin turn that a deep

catches ANY dripping water, and is also a reprophets for an example of suffering of proving oneself a true saint and ceptacle for used cups, which drop down out affliction only with the and patience,"life, for eternal winning to one had of sight. of relief of the hope in the coming to endure to be saved. For the end

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY Lord. (See James 5:10.) They must centuries the belief persisted in the

SETS AVAILABLE AT limited in the time work they have church that anyone to death not put OFFICE BISHOPRIC'S PRESIDING

... it here, is called "while day; To for his testimony (martyr "witmeans LAKE SALT CITY, UTAH

or For we are made partakers of Christ, ness") had failed to achieve the fullest

Order Direct From if we hold... unto the end;..."glory, so emphatic and deeprooted

"... 3:1314.) (Heb. house whose the were teachings of early the PLASTICAL THE COMPANY

fast. we,.. firm unto if we hold church subject. on the Blvd. are 3575 W. Manchester church The

Inglewood 4, California the end"(v. 6). (Italics author's.) were expected in all confidence to be

When the saints need a "strong conin the most literal sense "partakers in solation"what they get is the asChrist's sufferings."

surance that God will reward them if But what of the rest? What of the

thev "hope unto the end,"(Heb. vast majority that did not stand fast

6:11, of relief not 18), a promise or "suffer and continued the end"? They FREE! success or ultimate triumph for the to profess Christianity, but a ChrisIt shows all the new

fashions for the comcause. tianity perverted to their own tastes:

.. ing season. everything from coats to The saints were not to put up a

shoes... just for you all whodesignedare fight: "My kingdom is not of this But I fear, lest by any means, as the serbeguiled his subtilty, Eve through so TALL 10 to... in sizes world: if... then [it] were would 20. Everything priced my pentyour should minds corrupted be from the

like fashions in regular fight."servants 18:36.) They (John simplicity that is in Christ. sizes.

Mail Coupon for your Free Style Book Today are to assemble themselves together For if he that cometh preacheth another have whom we not preached.... (II

If you are not i 11:3-4. Italics author's.) our mailing on -rOver FiveSevena Shop notend—for".. "action". so muchbuttheto more,awaitas theye Cor.Jesus, coupon send today.list

see the day approaching."(Heb.

is in these no thought There imFive-Seven Shops, Over Dept. T-34 leaders 10:25.) went When the Fifth 465 Avenue, York 17, N. Y. New postors of the renouncing and name

Please send me "Over FiveSeven souls of the Shop""Confirming Style Book. around the

Name disciples, and exhorting them to conclaim of Christian: "For such are false

apostles, deceitful workers, transformStreet tinue in the faith,"their specific inPost Office State structions were "... that we must ingChrist"themselves(v. 13). into the apostles of through much tribulation enter into

the kingdom of God."(Acts 14:22.) I marvel that ye are soon removed from

These people were already members him that called you unto the grace of

BIND YOUR ERAS of the church; it was another kingChrist unto another gospel:

there another; is not but be some Which is for Library. strove. your Attractive, for they Home which Why dom

. Christ. pervert gospel the that of.. would fabricoid red binder with "Improveto apostles of the wants it that none 1:6-7. Italics author's.) (Gal.

ment Era"stamped in gold on front make the noble sacrifice and live for and spine. the church? Why (later churchmen What surprises the apostle in this

is not what is happening, but $1.75 ask with wonder) did they never case

full instructions to write out bother it so that only should be happening

Office Era at Improvement of the church to for the guidance soon. himself Lord The had foretold Street 50 North Main

Salt Lake City, Utah come? The "foundation"which Paul what would happen:

lays he emphatically declares to have (Continued on pae,e 602) 600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Astonishing test (...that's important to the appearance of your home!)

The method used by the whole paint industry for determining how paints stand up to constant scrubbing is photographed below in actual demonstration.

1. TWO WELLKNOWN BRANDS of latex paint -and Ful- 2. TEST BOARD IS PLACED ON MACHINE which autoler's revolutionary latex paint, FulColor—are scienmatically runs stiff, soapy brush back and forth across all

tifically painted on test board. All three paints are applied three latex paints with same pressure. Soap solution is

in exactly the same way and allowed to cure. same as you might use to wash your walls.

sis <"::::':.

BRAND X $ BRAND Y

3. AFTER ONLY TEN STROKES of the soapy brush, you 4. AFTER 100 STROKES, Brands X and Y are almost comcan see how Brands X and Y are already starting to peel pletely worn off! But FulColor, even now, shows no

and wear away. But look at FulColor latex paint! Not sign of wear. Vastly superior FulColor latex paint sur-

a trace of wear! vives up to 200 strokes and more with no visible wear!

THERE'S THE PROOF! Fuller's latex paint, fulcolor, is more

washable, wears better, lasts longer than other brands!

Remember this test the next time you buy paint for your walls and ceilings. Remember that Fuller latex paint gives you beauty that lasts COLOR, BY

—even after repeated scrubbings!

Get fulcolor—in your favorite colors—at your neighborhood Fuller Paint Dealer—a good place to go!

FULCOLOR is a product of W. R Fuller & Co., the West's leading paint manufacturer and glass distributor.

AUGUST 1955 601 Two Views of Church History

(Continued from page 600) For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

(Matt. 24:24.)

Such a deception could be achieved (and the scripture says "they shall deceive"—using the infinitive of result—not "they would if they could")

not by any pagan bluster or antiChristian propaganda, but only by a verv clever imitation of the real thing.

The danger that threatens the masses, according to the apostles, is not the same danger that threatens the true disciples: the latter are to

lose their lives and win their glory;

but for the rest there is another fate.

They will go on as followers of "Jesus,"but it is "another Jesus"they TOOLS OF LEARNING follow. In various ways they "perUniversity The offers of Utah But even important, is the more

future scientists, vert"the truth—not deny it. Some teachers,... lawyers, faculty dithe teachers who

doctors, engineers, musicians, arrect, instruct and inspire through would "depart from the faith"by tists and other professional the tools. of use these Univerto Iff); (I The "forbidding 4: marry,"Tim. business leaders the Tools and* of sity of presents one Utah of the false fooled the some would be by Learning. finest allaround faculty in groups

A magnificent library, wellAmerica. Gnosis (Ibid., 6:21); some would "err

equipped laboratories, upto-date of faith"the Take advantage of these out of "love from opporequipment, everexpanding classfor learning at state your (Ibid., money,"6:10); some would room facilities,... tunities new dormitories these are all tools of learning that university—the University of "overthrow the faith of some,"by

are available to Utah students. Utah. "denying the resurrection."(II Tim.

COLLEGES OF INSTRUCTION INCLUDE: 2:18.) But such people do not return

* Education * Engineering * Medicine to the profession of paganism—they

* Law Business * Mines would be horrified at the thought!

* Fine Arts * Pharmacy * Nursing How much simpler to do it this way:

* University College * Graduate School of Social Work

For the time will come when they will

REMEMBER THESE DATES: not endure sound doctrine; but after their

Freshman Entrance Exams Sept. 19 Freshman Registration—Sept. 24 own lusts shall heap to themselves teachers,

itching ears; Former Students Register Sept. 2223 Classwork Starts—Sept. 26 having

shall turn away their ears from And they

For full information write Office of the President, the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.

(Ibid., 4:3-4.)

Paul is greatly alarmed at this prosUNIVERSITY OF UTAH pect which he knows is about to be Salt Lake City 1, Utah realized: "Take heed unto yourselves

and to all the flock,"he says in his farewell to Ephesus, "over which the

Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood."Mommy, (Acts 20:28.) Here we have a test

case: Could one ask for a more perfect assurance of permanence and init's vulnerability to a church than the

pronouncement that it is the "church of God,"that it has been "purchased MORNING by his own blood,"and that it is led

Yet by the Holy Ghost? this is a

to take EVAPORATE"solemn warning heed, MILK

For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter among you, not time! J* sparing the flock.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Also f your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things [the "perversion"motive again!], to draw away disciples after

them.

Therefore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears.

(vv. 2931. Italics author's.)

Here we are told that apostolic guidance is to be withdrawn (Cf. Gal.

4:18), that as a result the wolves will

attack,successful—theand thatflockthe enjoysattack nowill imbe

I tried starching use starches, but method. readymade one than moremunity from such, even though "pur- I've

I I doilies results starch. use cold none as like hot gives as good For of them

chased with his own blood."freshlymade hot Faultless Starch. Hot starch for my husband's shirts and other

Paul is warning the churches in no starch is best because it penetrates best. washday starching. In between, I use

spirit of mild fatherly admonition; makeAnd withperfectgood oldhot Faultlessstarch inStarchbarelyI cana starchthe onlyI bottlelaundrymyself.starchFaultlessthat givesStarchme allis

his is not the calm assurance of later minute—without cooking! three methods from one box.

church writers that the church of God cannot fail and all will be well: He

knows differently—the salt can lose

its savor and be thrown out. (See Luke 14:34.) His alarms have gone on for Do you agree with these

years, night and day, and with tears:

lest I bestowed of you, afraid have I am... women about starching? (Gal. 4:11) in vain, labour youupon

I stand in doubt of you, (v. 20).... Have

ye suffered so many things in vain? (Ibid.,

3:4)... there are contentions among you....

Is Christ divided?...

I thank God that I baptized none of you.... (I Cor. 1:11, 1314.)

What kind of winning talk is this?

Is not the important thing to get people to join the church in numbers so they can be taught? Apparently

Paul does not think so. Where the

strong members arc concerned we hear of nothing but being put to death, enduring to the end, partakers I can't afford to buy anything readyMinutes count when you combine a that house! keeping save career myself I can But with and and makeof Christ's sufferings, thinking only made

Faultless Faultless Starch. cold That's I use I can Starch money. wash a blouse, why

of the resurrection and hereafter, and I make my own Better Bottled Starch for starch it, and iron it dry in minutes counting all things but dross as far less than 1 j* a quart and it's always handy Faultless Starch helps me freshen clothes as this world is concerned. Where when I'm in a hurry. in a jiffy, and they stay fresh longer!

the weak ones are concerned, the prediction is all of perversion, corruption, and betrayal: these are not thrown

to the lions; instead (in the words of

wolves—butthe Didache)stilltheseclaimsheepto beturnsheep.into

As the Son of Man was betrayed, so would the apostles be: Betrayal is

not the work of the heathen—it is

an inside job:

And ye shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends; and

some of you shall they cause to be put to death. (Luke 21:16.) I've tried every kind of starch and Starch any way you like with Faultless

always come back to Faultless Starch. Starch—hot, cold or bottled. With FaultOthers died other ways, but the great Youironingsureboard.can tellNo theotherdifferencestarch giveson theme lessto starch.Starch you'reLook fornotthelimitedcrisp towhiteone waybox danger comes from betrayal—the the perfectly beautiful results I get with with the big red star and the Good Housepagans can neither betray nor corFaultless Starch. And it makes ironing a keeping Seal at your grocer's. That's

a job! good old Faultless Starch rupt nor pervert the gospel; only joy—not

members can do that. It was the

Jews who betrayed and murdered the FREE BOOKLET to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is (Continued on following page) yours on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo.

AUGUST 1955 603 TWO VIEWS OF CHURCH HISTORY KITCHEn CHflRfTl (Continued from preceding page) ness of their accusation,"(i.e., that

1 Apostasy). there was a Great The WAXED PAPER prophetstombs. (Actswho7:52f.)later adorned their is only one of many, New Testament

Recently a Catholic writer has declearly "explain that sources many KEEPS FOOD clared: failure of "The the Mormon the Christian where, when, and how"

FRESHER spokesmen to explain when, where, church completely changed its nature and how the present Catholic Church there a >M. Poetzl, O. F. 'Great Apos- M., "Was

Press, Replies 1955.) LONGER!J was founded exposes the fatal weaktasy'?"(St. Paul: Radio

-. 7v>: 2s2k5s yjjK > si > t\ >. >>:sv>3\j\>l>jnX3V3v30vj\9vn j

-J4e i/[/ai d to ivm J)on

Richard L. Evans

*TTavegoodyouto evermy heardson"? a Iffatheryou sayhave,of yousomeone:have no"Hedoubtwas

sensed something that goes far deeper than any ordinary gratitude. It seems that a man will be everlastingly grateful

to someone who "was good to his son."'As parents we appreciate, of course, all the thoughtfulness and favors of our

friends, all the kindnesses and courtesies that come from other people. We are grateful for every help, for every

recognition, for every consideration that comes to us from others. But there is a special kind of gratitude, a fervent,

deep, undying gratitude reserved for those of whom we can say: "He was good to our son.""He was good to our chilPOPULAR WITH MILLIONS dren."We are grateful to teachers who understanding

OF HOUSEWIVES... have eased them over difficult periods. We are grateful for

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS friends who have helped them find their way into useful work. We are grateful to those who have taken time to

listen to them, to understand them, to steady and encourage them. We are unspeakably grateful to those who have

helped them over any awkwardness, to those who have helped them to adjust to life in any constructive way. Words cannot well express how grateful we are to anyone who takes

the time and trouble to help a son or daughter of anyone of us. And since our hearts are so sincerely warm toward those

who have been good to our children, would we not expect the Father of us all to turn his blessing and his kindly countenance toward those who have been good to his children? Would we not expect the Father of our spirits, with

his infinite love and wisdom, to be grateful to those who are good to his children? If we want any day to mean much

more than it could mean in any other way, we should do

A MIRACLE GLASS SCREEN something for someone's son, for someone's daughter—for

No Sparks No Smoke No Dust some of our eternal Father's sons or daughters, whom all

Heat No in his so are image—"For he and made God whom Less Fuel men Drafts Convenient No DirtCold Floor More

1 Safe..."only that gave his world, begotten Son he the loved

For Full Information and FREE Colored for the benefit and blessing of all of us. "And the King Folder Write

shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, InBENNION INSUL & HTG. CO. asmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these...

Blvd., Salt City, 4817 Lake Holladay 2 are those Blessed me."it unto among tit. ye have done men

still territories availgood A few all: Father of us the be said it can by was He of whom to dealers. able full Send for

particulars. good to my son.

i THE NEW Uke Spoken from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING TEMPLE MOTEL

Temple SYSTEM, JUNE 19, 1955 Next to L.D.S.

10 Minutes from Beaches JJohnMatthew3:16.25:40. Kitchenettes Available Copyright King Features

On Highway 66 10675 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, Calif.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the present churches came to be what they are. To speak of a foundingin a case like this is silly, since natulisten!

rally no church claiming to have originated with Christ and the apostles (and they all claim that!) is going to

go about proclaiming its foundation in this or that century after Christ! Even

the Protestants will not admit a time and place of origin after the apostolicage; they* are merely reformers of the be

old order—new things have been inaugurated from glad 3 timessure, old things and time toreformed—buttime, to be

snap the loud hear first "glad"you when comes all Theit reallv church the same was builtin seal those a tight tells got you've you: Lid that Snaps down! claims Christianalong. Every church jar..rim.. gripping the solidly are rings latex You've got a, j

to go back to the first century: in the The second "glad"occurs should you fill jar too full, /—high vacuum.

gully tiny... or a to rim food adheres of bit a

thethird Origen century admits center lid! to comes the goes Up ordevelops—SNAP

recan. in and check to time you warn the already that of Cclsus,charge Lid up! Snaps of firmness the is see your third you "glad"when The jar rim into Check long "divided has beenchurch

.. flavors the taste you vegetables. when fruits and

recan. and exclusive that guarded by been that THIRD have it ofsects, that claimed which each

was the depository of the pure old coatThat'sof whyfoodacidyou'll resistantALWAYSenamel.be glad when you can with

original form of Christianity passed BERNAR-DIN!

down from the beginning, while all

BERNAR-DIN Top from a Box for LIFTER and only 25c 69c JARthe others were upstarts and innohands. Box Top and jars easily; burned prevents Lids. Lifts Send hot Snap

vators."Whatever groups emerge 25c to: BERNAR-DIN, 2201 West Maryland St., Evansville 12, Ind.

from the squabble naturally go on claiming each that it is the one church founded by Christ; but in the horrible

It's saferconfusion of that the following and BerNARdin to use are claims such worth?centuries, what SNAP lids!

Father ask,"writes "Let me Poetzl, CAPS AND SNAP LIDS established Catholic the Church"was in the 20th century? You must answer 'No.'If honest, you must say

that the Church of today is the continuation of the Church which existed in the 19th century. Very well. Was

the Church established in the 19th century?... The Church of the 19th

century was the continuance of the

Church of the 18th century. Go back

farther, century by century. I defy

the Mormon spokesmen to name any century in which the Catholic Church was established, any other century than the first."1 With equal propriety, and using the same words. Table Queen Bread gives you

Father Poetzl might ask: "Was the maximum energy and food

it's made theFrench language established in the value—because

20th century? You must answer 'No.'new "richmilk"way.

If honest, you must say that the Add to the pleasure of interFrench of today is the continuation mountain scenery by enjoyof the French which existed in the ing sandwiches made with Rich in 19th century. Very well. Was nourishing Table Queen milk

French established in the 19th cenBread.

tury?... The French of the 19th century was the continuance of the ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Salt Lake City OgdenFrench of the 18th century. Go back

farther, century by century. I defy

FOR HEADQUARTERS L.D.S. f spokesmen any 1Mormon to name DRINK IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA A kcentury in language which the French

was established other than the first."1 YE KING'S REST MOTEL ficq A delightful

for those hot beverageThus it can be shown that Latin never Dr.526HaroldSOUTHB. 5THFoutz,STREETOwner

ceased to exist as the vernacular of Edgar H. Foutz, Manager who don't drink coffee.

(Continued on following page) Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout AT YOUR GROCERS

AUGUST 1955 605 TWO VIEWS OF CHURCH HISTORY (Continued from preceding page) since he was born with red hair and

Gaul and that the great apostasy no one could name the date or place from the old Roman tongue which at 'which it became white.

the purists so deplored never took Since Newman forced the Catholics place. It is the same with space as to admit (albeit with extreme relucwith time. Hugo Schuchardt showed tance) that they have been changing

that it is quite impossible to point to things all along, they have fallen any spot, line, or area on the map at back on the argument that once the which Italian ceases and French bechurch had received divine'authority gins. Is it Livorno? Milan? Nice? It there was no limit to the changes

is none of them or any other area you that might be introduced without can name. "Very well,"to quote danger of corruption, since the

Father Poetzl, how can you possibly Church had the authority to make the maintain that different languages prechanges. But it was precisely these

... yet paper towel costs go down vail in Paris and Rome? The failure selfinitiated changes in the church

of Mormon spokesmen to show when, that worried the apostles; "They

The Pennsylvania plant of one of where, or how the Italian language went out from us,"says John of the

America's wellknown companies was founded is fatal to their arguperverters. (I John 2:19.) It is enfinds Mosinee Sentinel Towel Serment that spoken Latin disappeared."1 tirely possible for important churchvice is still saving them $300.00 per And yet it did. men of high position (a number are

month, compared to previous towel The sophistry of the argument (a pointed out by name in the New service. This tremendous saving typical and shopworn school demonTestament) to "preach another Jesus"

exists in spite of the fact that (1) stration) lies in the wellknown trick and to "pervert the gospel of Christ"number of employees has increased of confining the discussion to two aland to "corrupt the word of God,"by 500, and (2) plant has increased ternatives only, and excluding all (II Cor. 2.T7), and to "wrest the

its work week from 5 to 7 days. other possibilities: either a new scriptures."(II Pet. 3:16.) And it is

church was established or else the old quite possible for these to enjoy

American Paper & Supply Co. church continued. Only those two great success and become the leaders 444 South Second Street, West situations are considered—"have you of the church after the apostles are

Salt Lake City, Utah stopped beating your motherin-law"gone. (II Tim. 4:2ff.) This is the

—a third possibility'is not allowed. process the apostles and the Lord preBut formal establishment is not the dicted—and it takes place without

only

i way to bring i a church into being,& any break in historical continuity ana continuity by no means proves (the impostors make a great todo identity. In history actual establishabout being the legitimate heirs of the

ments are extremely rare, and even vineyard) and without the establishthen thev are but the formal recogniment of new churches: even Tertultion of conditions that already exist, lian, the greatest authority of his day

while the continuation of institutions on the early church, was fooled into is never without change. It is as if believing that the Montanists were

Enjoy the whitehaired Columbus were to the original church of Christ.

finer flavor argue that his hair was really red (To he continued) and greater nutrition of whole wheat grain...

freshly ground.'

every is food element Everincreasing THESE TIMES retained! WRITE TOin popularity for prices—FREE Everyone knows that

foctsl (Continued recipes—foodDAY page 546) from bread the other cereal and Mediterranean, represents India an

foods with made whole SPECIAL 8. of outlines (not approach one The element receive great which must grain freshly ground FLOUR OFFER—is far tastier richer and its visible are hazards) in without respect now consideration. and coupon introSend for in healthgiving nutri-

5-1 offer of ductory b. strengthening slowly the bonds between 10. it's ments. China well to And the hold keys the may—pkg., Deaf Smith wheat wise where home someflour, the America's Islamic richthe world West. One of the future. world's much with But is thing if. done about in est food elements,

of best the world's Medonce factor a again select Germany or in Europe, -Minn., Wis. efficient, Rapid the andhighways—the—

flour wheat stone Lee Electric Household—air iterranean-S z-SingaporeManila u e a magneticlike with attraction Ruson the ground it's day FlourMill reduceswhole

shipped. Islam, water the sia, and West, grain fluffy flour to for less China well abbecome may route—brings

fraction of a a penny into juxtaposiAfro-Asian the realm and sorbed ally. with her Russian Foreign LEE ENGINEERING CO. Best all, a pound. of

it's STONE GROUND—Milwaukee 3, Wis. tion and calls for imaginative policies. ideologies have made inroads in China

India, I.E.LEE ENGINEERING 9. Populous independent, proud, Depf., COMPANY, in the for example. past—Buddhism,

2023 W. Wisconsin 3, Ave., Milwaukee neutral, stands astride this is Wis. and great There yet hope that communism may

DEAF 5-lb. SMITH FLOUR, pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 route. bastion American power, naval less militant become of divested be and

5- lb. FLOUR, pkg. WIS. -MINN. Postpaid. Only $1.00

its of the Pacific peace the and rancor in the vast some of NATO sea of

Name scheme, is less evident in the strategic Chinese culture and institutions. Two

Street Indian Ocean than elsewhere. As does new influences may shortly be felt on

City State Israel at the strategic Middle East end of China, in addition to Russia, American 606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pressure from the seventh fleet and other powerunits, and India's friendly neuThere's no substitute for thorough tralism: These new influences are, 1, and professional training, and there

Japan and 2, Germany. Both are great are many plus factors that only LDS

industrial powers for whom Chinese Business College offers... such feamarkets have always had interest. It tures as spiritual atmosphere, classes

was in 1915 that Japan occupied and in religion, college credit, lively and replaced the former German concessions friendly student activities and many in the Shantung peninsula, and elseother plus advantages.

where in the Pacific isles. Resumption

of diplomatic relations between these powers and China could have innew AUTUMN CLASSES STARTteresting consequences.

for spot 11. troublesome most The on SEPTEMBER 6 serious trouble be andnew may well

the African continent—especially central and southern Africa. Here, fifty f """< s

tension, of racial coupledyears marked native BUSINESS COLLEGE of recent awakening thewith peoples like the MauMau, may sudBRANCH OF BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY f ORATiomKIT I denly erupt into more generalized, bit70 North Main—3-2765—Salt Lake City ''*%,,,

ter, bloody conflict.

12. Is it possible that the relaxation by J. SendP. McEvoy.me a kit of information about Autumn Classes and include "Get Your Toe In The Door"

of the "cold war"may augur the ending Name of the era of the "religious"wars that Address City State commenced (with global overtones) in the 1500's? The threat and power of the

hydrogen bomb, coupled with mass literacy and recent events in the northern hemisphere, may have forced tedious resteady, nevertheless slow, butand Missionaries: For motwoe conflict EastWest the of laxation

priced books: THE Two. FOLDING equathe equator! But below theabove and ISM THE OF MORMONA. B.C. MORMONpopular tor, in Africa! Are we to see the outBANQUET MISSIONARY'S MESSAGE '—written

as missionary for the busy supplementing racial war, of bitter burst for size to his work; greater pocket past four cenTABLES especiallyaids of the wars the ideologic

in handling. By Aubrey convenience

turies? More than ever, with ideological Direct Prices & Parker (One time Methodist Minister).J.

conflict still raging, and inhumane raDiscounts to Beautifully bound in green and gold paper; printed back; hard on good in Africa stirring and elsecial hatreds Churches, Schools, cloth,will to lifetime of service. a give Sent unthe need for human where, we see in and all Institutions for world the you anywhere ONE

derstanding in our era. DOLLAR EACH.

Snares enough will emerge in these Address:

next few years. But the Austrian "iceELDER AUBREY J. PARKER

that indicate to serve we can breaker"TRUCKS 616 West Carrillo ''*'i * *s storingMONROE California Santa Barbara, the moral in Chairstruck age when an Forthe wayTables easy are living EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables handles is storag* chairs.permits of tion major No. the of TSCor world the unification Storage Transport eitherTruckspace in limited

No. Truck sin is without Let him challenge. who to inquiries the their Units Church T$may direct

47 East Department, Purchasing cast the first atomic stone in such times Church

City 1, Utah. Salt Lake South Temple,

as these. THE VWcn*OC COMPANY

249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX, IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

Your Question Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth (Concluded from page 559) and throat irritations.

"James says when a man admineither shown your ward to Has power he has isters to sick person a REMEDY HALLS these films? of elder get the sins; his remit how does City, Utah Salt Lake L.D.S. showings) L.D.S. for (By people

power to remit sins?"k-O'tfUB-O-B-O-B-C-M-O-M-n-B-O*

It is not the elder who remits or OLIVER COWDERY forgives the sick man's sins, but the 45highlightsmin. 16mmin hiscolorlife. soundVery dramatizationeducational andof

Lord. If by the power of faith and entertaining.

through the administration by the THE CHOICE LAND elders the man is healed it is evidence 30Storymin.of the16mmAmericassound withfilm Bookdramatizingof Mormonthe WE OFFER...

that his sins have been forgiven. It history as theme. A COMPLETE

is hardly reasonable to think that the Reasonable rental—Also hundreds ENGRAVING SERVICE

Lord will forgive the sins of a man of other films to choose from Catalogues.From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

who is healed if he has not repented. For full information, write or call Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

sins of his repent would he Naturally CO. UTAH ENGRAVING lllL'LAM'S

St. blessing for Salt Lake City, Utah by Office Place Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Regent the the 54 Post if he seeks

Phone 3-5417 elders.

AUGUST 1955 607 VburPage

Jolon, California Dear Editors:

"T want to express how thankful I am to be receiving The Im- * provement Era each month. Since my opportunities are limited

for attending Church services, I find that The Improvement Era is a guiding light for me. It is so wonderful to be able to read

the messages of the leaders of the Church. Right now the copies

I have received are in great demand. As I read them, I place them

in our day room in the company area, and the men in the company seem to look forward to them. They are in use nearly all

the time that they are there. I was really impressed with the April

issue of The Improvement Era and the article about the Lamanites and the Southwest Indian Mission. I was stationed in that area

for two years and got to know quite a few of the brethren there and was certainly glad to hear what the missionaries are doing in that area.

I ask the Lord to bless you in your work and gratefully thank you for The Improvement Era and for all that it represents.

/s/ Sgt. John W. Simmons

Quebec, Canada Editors: LDS GROUP ABOARD USS MIDWAY Dear to take this opportunity to tell you how much we appre- [ want

conferissues the the Especially with Era. ciate monthly our East * the Far in the aboard Midway serving USS group LDS The these of messages wonderful. really are The sermons. ence They Improvement to enjoy all access and The have active are and

Furtherworld. in the everybody read be of by should God men Merrell, first A. Charles right, left row: are, to Era. Pictured

distinctive. of is very the the Era appearance more, California; William Ferndale, L. Dixon, Degray Arizona; Duncan,

for the and spiritual guide Era to the continue be God City. May Salt Lake Kimball, D. Provo, Utah; John Jr., Oldroyd, V.

themselves. to it improve people to help continue many may Corbin, L. Colin City, Utah; Brigham Hanline, C. row: James Back

Sincerely, Wil- G. Gilbert Angeles; Payne, Los Wendell City; G. Salt Lake

liams, Salt Lake City; Arnold D. Ozment, Mesa, Arizona. /$/ J. C. H. Poolman

APO 301 Dear Editors:

Pusan, Korea 1>ecently I received a notice that I would soon be receiving the

Dear Brethren: ** Era courtesy of Pomona Ward elders'quorum....

magazine. I wonderful a such to congratulate also you on want great a been receiving I have been of have the copies Era The the articles of is to It the to read inspiration certainly an me knowledge I the * very enjoy to much of comfort source me.

I especially reading enjoy of "The the Church. leaders various to be comare therein. You contained spiritual wisdom and

I unthat Evans. L. Elder Richard am by Spoken Word"Now this sending in doing are you for work wonderful the mended

it is and gratifying personally, to read listen them to to able them women. to servicemen the and work

carries. reading Also, that special each one thought the receive a have that in in Korea, Pusan, fortunate we here are very We I to closer mine. to bring helps children articles the about me

last here. month established Only of the group Church wonderful if his month, every fact that for reads serviceman a Era a know Also, of baptism. into the waters enter members nine new had we face free to of himself temptation ready find will and that he Priesthood the received six day, members the Korean same on to with. confront the has world him anything

is It a that priesthood. in deacons ordained were of Aaron, and Cpl. /s/ Farnsworth Lee W. work. this wonderful in participate to to able to be blessing me

I use The Improvement Era and some of the wisdom contained in it to teach my investigator class in that group. Logan, Utah

Again I wish to commend you on the marvelous work you are Dear Editors:

doing, and ask -God's blessings to be with you always in this work. 'Ptiat was certainly an interesting cover and article you'had in

Sincerely yours, the the last issue, by Dr. Hunter—May issue.

/s/ Richard D. Thurgood /s/ John Stewart, head

(Elder) College News Bureau

ROSETYING CEREMONY IN EAGER WARD

:::::::::':: -l-- X'

Mrs. Rex Hansen, Mia Maid

teacher of the Eagar Ward, St.

Johns Stake, is shown with one hundred percent of the members of her class following the rosetying ceremony held last month.

Pictured from left to right are:

Kay Hall, Merla Hale, Mary Ray,

Mary Norton, Norma Hale, Mrs.

Hansen, Deanna Greenwood, Diann

Cruce, Karen Eagar, Kay Slade, and

Luella Rogers.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -for Angel ahd you...

bathroom -tissue

-that is -facial tissue

Chiffon Tissue is actually facial tissue in rolls for bathroom use!

And because it is a twinply

facial tissue it's doublesoft.

So very, very gentle.

'Vs * r,.

Ch(ffo

<**fc

*wz Bathroom tissue rolls in these 5 soft colors.

Ql.'JfOl, **? "'>*"New wetstrength white facial tissues in boxes.

CJ Crown Zellerbach Corporation

TYPICAL ARCHITECT'S OFFICE, ABOUT 1905, WHEN BENEFICIAL WAS FOUNDED

}e/?j..-> mu

In planning a new school, the architect must consider not only the immediate problems of budget limitations, current teaching methods, the Our General Agents schoolage population, and site, the building but he also must plan for the

. future.. anticipating needs for several decades ahead.

life insurance counselor, is too, a specialist in planning for the future NORVEN W. yours and STORRS, your family's. For example, he can plan Thean insurance ten with agents, serves program that will provide needed funds when your children arrive at college San Diego and Imperial age, for or your retirement. own Bengal's Counties Planned in Futures California. program can be tailored exactly to your Agency family's offices are in - and years from now>

j San Diego.

Write today for further informa

LEIGH ELLSWORTH heads the Beneficial AgencyBENEFK serving Nevada, with

principally in Las Ve- 'r&iumme gas,fourteen agents located Henderson, and

Reno. Agency offices

David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah are in Las Vegas,