Jfmprovemeni Gfht.

Significance of South American Revolutions By MELVIN J. BALLARD

Facing Life

By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

The Westward March of America By DR. HOWARD R. DRIGGS

A Gift From God A Story By JOHN R. TALMAGE

A PROMISE OF SUMMER

G

Its Growing

AUTOMATIC HOUSE HEATI N POPULARITY indicates that

MODERN COOKING

is THE fuel:I.HS?ANlWR>H EATING of the future

ERE are some facts which should be extremely interesting to everyone who thinks at all about fuel: H In over threefourths of the United States,

Natural Gas is a leading fuel...

C I RCULATiNd HEATERS In ten states 90% or more of all gas used is Natural Gas...

In six states the only form of gas used is

Natural Gas!

These figures, taken from statistics of the American Gas Association, indicate only the present scope of Natural Gas. Authorities predict that it will become a "common fuel"of the future

iCHEERY FIREPLACE HEATERS for both industrial and household uses throughout the country.

We pass this information on to you with the thought of merely pointing out the stability and permanency of this marvelous and comparatively new fuel service. Natural Gas is not an

experiment. Its benefits and economies have been proved in

thousands and thousands of American homes and industries.

Its popularity in this territory is growing by leaps and bounds.

SANITARY INCINERATORS If you are not yet enjoying the unparalleled conveniences, comforts, cleanliness and economy of Natural Gas, come in at our nearest office and let us figure with you.

UTAH CO. CO. WASATCH GAS ServingGAS&Salt LakeCOKECity PARTINGTON oe KAYSVILXE LAYTON

CENTERVILLE BOUNTIFUL MAGNA, J GARFIELD TOOELE MURRAY MIDVALEAUTOMATIC REFRIGERATION OGDENServingGASOgdenCOMPANY SANDY MORGAN.

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 313

FORECAST PThe rfmprovemeivt YTHAT of Russia? That quesvv tion is on millions of lips Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley today. During the summer of Business Manager—ERA"Associate Business Manager

1930, Dr. Thomas L. Martin, of O. B. Peterson, Ass't. Business Manager

the B. Y. U., was appointed a George Q. Morris

delegate to the International Soil Rachel Grant Taylor

Science Congress held in Leningrad Chairmen Era and Publicityand Moscow. His welltrained

mind absorbed many facts about Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement conditions existing there. An inAssociations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ

structive article on this subject of Latterday Saints from his pen will be given Era readers in the May number. CONTENTS

Title Author Page X/fAKING Economic Fur Fly,"Editorials is the title of an article by The Enrichment of Life Hugh J. Cannon 315

Prof. Frank R. Arnold, of the U. A Deserved Compliment—-Rey L. Pratt 316

A. C. This pleasing writer has Writers Please Take Notice 316

not appeared in these columns for Significance of South American Revolutions Melvin J. Ballard 317

some time and our readers will Do You Know Why the Birds Sing? Owen Woodruff 320

321 be glad to welcome him back. Poetry

April and I. Mary Hale Woolsey

Pastoral, Gladys Ann Wagstaff

T ES GOATES, known throughCome Forth, Awake Tercence Sylvester Glennmaddy

J-*'out the west as an outstanding April Days L. E. Flack

sports writer, is furnishing an acPerhaps Christie Lund count of the world's biggest basThe Prodigal World Alberta Huish Christensen

Spring Merling D. Clyde ketball league—that of the M

Men. This is a subject on which The Westward March of America Dr. Howard R. Driggs 322

Les can speak with authority. All Expatriation (Chapter Nine). -.::-——-—Hugh J, Cannon 3-26

the eight thousand participants In Memory of Three Ruth May Fox 329 will be interested in his article, Farewell (A Poem) Ivie Ensign 330 and this interest will be shared by For Aunt Zina (A Poem) Lula Greene Richards 331 their parents, brothers and sisters Facing Life—III Dr. Adam S. Bennion 332

and sweethearts. When Doctors Disagree Dr. John A. Widtsoe 334

Has the Desert Failed to Blossom? Dr. J. H. Paul 335

Glancing Through (Brief Review of Outstanding Magazines)

J""PHE serial story, "ExpatriaElsie T. Brandley 338

(A Story) John Russell God 341 Talmage A Gift From -*- tion,"which has been running 'Committee Music Church I 345 willsince be concluded last August, in the May number. Priesthood Quorums

In the Realm of Quorum Activity:;. -,. 346

-tc<'ejs*j!*- Cultivating the Highest Virtue. 346

Messages Mutual RS. ROSABEL H. ASHTONAT

Executive Department::: 1 347 * will in the face our readers

I. Activity Department Community, 348 a story, with next number "A

1. Adult Department. 352 is a well This Thomas."Modern

,..:. Girls Gleaner Department 354 acwritten, thoughtprovoking

count of a studious young man Junior Girls Department.. 356

who had difficulty in finding himBee-Hive Girls Department 358 self. VanguardsScouts Department..,: 360

Report of Accomplishment:..-. 364

The Road to the Right (A Poem). l George J. Fox 357

HTHE department, "Glancing * Through,"inaugurated with Entered at the Post Office, Salt Iake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

this number, will be continued and AcceptanceAct of October,for mailing1917, atauthorizedspecial rateJulyof 2,postage1918.provided for in section 1103

is sure to become popular. It will Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are congive an idea of what is in the sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

minds of the world's thinkers and requested, wilt be destroyd.

will create a desire to delve more Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. J. A. General Boards;

deeply into matters which concern $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

civilization.

314 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

CONFERENCE VISITORS WELCOME SEE OUR SGHOOL IN SESSION

ASSEMBLY ROOM

A BUSINESS COURSE IS THE BEST INVESTMENT

Enroll Now and Prepare for the Future. New Classes Each Week. School Open All Year.

Call, Write or Phone for Information.

HENAGER'S BUSINESS COLLEGE D. B. MOENCH, Mgr.

Wasatch 2753 BEST EQUIPPED SCHOOL IN INTERMOUNTAIN TERRITORY 45 E. 3rd So.

Save Time! Save Money!

—-By Wearing

Mountaineer Overalls and Auto Suits Equipped With Stop Loss Pockets

Join the ranks of enthusiastic workmen who have found

StopLoss Pockets to fill a longfelt need. No more loss

of tools, valuables, money, from your pockets while working, no matter what your position. No more precious time

spent in hunting for lost articles!

They Gost No More Because of our great buying power and large scale production, we are able to include this wonderful improvement without cost to you.

Ask Your Dealer For Mountaineer Overalls and Auto Suits

MADE IN SALT LAKE CITY BY Z. C. M. I. CLOTHING FACTORY

IE I L D A Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J, Grant, Editor

twinges of conscience; who show their best side

instead of their worst to those they love the best; The Enrichment ofLife who have a common objective in life and use their

POVERTY in any form is a hateful thing. leisure time advantageously by carefully budgeting

It is said to be without money is no disgrace, itthatas whicha necessarythe wealthstep oftowarda Croesusthat cannotobjective,purchase.have

but it certainly is embarrassing and inconThe finer things of life are not those which have venient. In the words of Henry Ward Beecher, to be sought afar off. They surround us, waiting

"Poverty is very good in poems, but it is very bad to be picked up in our homes, and in our daily work.

in the house. It is very good in maxims or sermons,

but it is very bad in practical living."And yet A number of years ago a prominent business of our in one man can- a of frequently wealth paucity very worldly Business A

cities asked the presidency was by avoided. have might be what not not do Some men Man's of the to preside stake as bishop sense,"industrious, be termed, t and though "money

.Experience over tjje warc[ m which he lived. fail to get along.

There are some things infinitely more odious than He demurred because of lack of time, protested then vigorously everything and did disbrain lack of money. empty is much more An

flatly refuse to accept but the position. objecHis Intellectual purse. poverty, graceful than an empty

with the abundant opportunities offered in our day tions were overruled one by one, and finally he for acquiring knowledge, is almost or quite inexaccepted the office and served faithfully for several cusable. In intellectual as well as in financial matters, years. By putting into this work the same painstaking effort that was characteristic of the man of the larger the reserve the safer it is for the individual.

Even more to be deplored than the two forms business he tasted the sweetness of service. More

of poverty mentioned, is a lack of spiritual capital; than once, this clearheaded man of affairs has testiand this perhaps is more common than either of fied that the happiness he received through this

the others.. Inasmuch as this capital is the most unselfish labor was generous compensation for the

important and enduring form of riches, it is fitting time spent. Furthermore, he declares that had it

that it should be the most easily acquired. "Ask not been for the training in patience which came

and ye shall receive,"is the divine injunction; and to him by reason of the exacting duties of a bishop,

with it the command, "Do the will of the Father he would have failed miserably in his efforts to comand ye shall know of the doctrine."Naturally this plete a large and complicated business merger which

implies that individuals must do some hard and has made him comparatively wealthy.

practical thinking on their own account. The Book of Mormon records

Whether the bank balance is depleted or shows An Addition that, while visiting the Nephites a gratifying surplus, whether a college degree has to the after his death and resurrection in been had, or whether one's education consists of n.ii., Palestine, the Savior added a few

learning acquired by home study, spiritual riches lmical comprehensive words to the Beare waiting around the corner for all who earnestly Beatitudes atitudes as they are given in the seek them. But they are extremely modest and do New Testament. In speaking to

not put themselves forward. his followers on the Western continent, he said:

The Savior invited men to come "Blessed'are they who do hunger and thirst after for filled rest shall they be and righteousness, and the promised with Holy *"mA all perfectly Ghost."natural! for will take a Divine.. peaceto upon has who How He who jinvitation

is persistent desire strong and his yoke. sweet for themselves and worldly wealth A

willing spirit is more to be desired likely to acquire it; a man with an insatiable apthan worldly wealth, or even intellectual power. petite for knowledge will find opportunities for obAn attractive disposition is the sure result of followtaining it; and so it is with righteousness. The

all those upon—not,ing carefullyof course,and inthroughdetail thedogmaticMaster'sandadmonitionnarrowHolyenrichesGhostimmeasurablyis the "Comforter."the lives of Its possession

minded righteousness. Parents and children who whom it is bestowed, and who retain it by proper

can meet cheerfully around the table at the end of behavior. The rich life is not one free from diffian arduous day and, even though the meal is frugal, culties, but that which has the strength to bear

be thankful for what they have; who can wholecourageously and with a measure of joy and hope

heartedly sing hymns of praise together and can the burdens which are placed upon it. The worthkneel humbly in sincere and fervent prayer both while assets are those which become a part of the

in secret and as a family group, with no serious individual and are therefore eternal. H. J. C.

316 The Improvement Era far April, 1931

plea? So I just stayed on. I asked her if she had

been afraid before she saw me, and she said she had ADeserved Compliment been afraid all the time her mama had been gone.

[This little narrative was taken from the daily Then I asked if she had asked anyone else to stay journal of President Pratt, of the Mexican Mission. with her, and with an astonished look she said:

Because of its personal nature he was reluctant to have "There wasn't anyone I could ask to stay with me."

it published, but finally consented at the earnest As a matter of fact, perhaps thousands had passed solicitation of the editors.] along that same curb while fear gripped her little

and called me; she had her I asked why Then jostling the through elbowing my way WAS for pity childish express to seemed that a look with of our section in the business one of throng a robber'."not "'You're said: she ignorance7 heart before she saw me. my

southern cities. It was midafternoon, an hour The unconscious compliment of these words gave

when the crowd was especially great. I had letters me a thrill and a sensation that very seldom comes

to post, and was making my way to the Post Office. to man. Not till then did I realize that, of the

In midblock I found myself walking near the thousands who had passed, I had been singled out curbing, and on looking up I saw in one of the many by her unerring confidence as the only one she could cars parked there, a little blackeyed, roundfaced trust.

girl, about three years old. My attention was drawn I jhave lived a long time, and have met men of

to her, for I noted that a deluge of tears brimmed high and low degree. I have been feted and feasted,

from her wide open black eyes, and chased each and have had my share of compliments and praise other over her pretty round cheeks in a miniature from men and women of many lands; but never have

cataract that tumbled off her dimpled and quivering I been more thrilled, nor received a compliment that chin. As I paused, she turned her gaze and her eyes I more highly prize than that simple trust of a

caught mine. A chubby little hand shot out of the little child I have seen but once, and that on the curb

open window of the car, and a little crooked finger of a crowded city street.

beckoned me to her.

I stepped off the curb and to the open car window and asked her what she wanted.

"I want you to stay with me, because I am afraid,"reply. her sobbing was you afraid and where is your Writers Please Takej "But why are

mama?"I asked. "I'm afraid of robbers. My mama bought me Notice

these new shoes in that store right there,"pointing to the shoe store right in front, "and then she took A S a stimulus to our writers the Improvement sister to buy her some shoes at another store, and A\ Era offers the following prizes:

they have been gone for a long, long time; and I am For the best poem of not more than

afraid of robbers. Won't you please stay with me?"fifty lines, no blank verse, received by us on or

I told her I would stay, and that while I was before June 15, 1931, offer open to all $15.00

there nothing should harm her. For the best poem, same specifications, subLike the sun breaking through the clouds, a smile mitted by author whose poetry has never apspread over her little face, and the last of the tear drops peared in print $10.00

glistened for a moment in the light, like rain drops For best story not to exceed two thousand falling from the deluged foliage, and dropped from words, received by us on or before August 1, her eyes, and off the little round chin. 1931, offer open to all $35.00

She became all animation at once, and to enterFor best story not to exceed four thousand tain me, showed me sundry little toys her mother words received by us on or before August 1, had bought her, and a bag of variegated candy that 1931, offer open only to those whose prose she assured me came from her papa's candy store. has never appeared in print. $35.00

She told me of her brothers and sisters, her papa and All manuscripts must be typed or legibly written mama, and her papa's big candy store. She said on one side of sheet only and signed by a nom de

she lived on "Pershing Drive,"and that there was plume. That the material may be classified properly,

a lane near it where robbers went by, and that one a statement must be made as to whether or not the day the policeman found a drunk man on the corner author has ever had a story or poem printed. A

who couldn't stand, and that they had to haul sealed envelope, containing the real name and address him away. of the author, must accompany the manuscript, and

Five, ten, fifteen minutes passed by, and still the if the author desires its return, in the event it is not mama and sister did not return; but the little tongue used, stamps for that purpose must be enclosed. The

never slackened its childish prattle. Repeatedly I subjects chosen for treatment must be clean and

told her that I must go, and assured her that she wholesome, though not necessarily religious.

would be all right, and that mama and sister would As was suggested in Mr. Elliott's article, "In the

soon come. But each time the eyes would fill with Realm of Literature,"which appeared in our January

tears, and taking hold of my arm she would say: issue, the west offers a fruitful field from which to

"I am afraid. You won't leave me, will you? Please garner a literary harvest. Start now; write and restay!"write; improve and polish your work which should

What was I to do? How could I resist such a be on a subject you understand.

PThe l Qmprovemen't

Significance of South American Revolutions

people face of the on the globe the watch trend of MELVIN J. BALLARDNO By

world events with deeper Of the Council of the Twelve interest than do the Latterday

Saints. Theirs is a world church,

and occurrences everywhere have lutions that took place in four of a broader significance to them than the leading republics in South to most other people. Therefore America last year. The consensus

as they witness, in the light of of opinion was that they were modern revelation, the revolutionlargely due to the general financial ary disturbances among men and depression affecting the whole the frightful upheavals of nature, world; and while this is true it

they see therein the predicted signs was only the last straw that of the times which have a special brought on these national disormeaning. ders. To one who has spent some

A LL the world was greatly insomethingtime in Southof a studentAmericaof andreligious,been terested in the political revopolitical and economic conditions of the people, it is easy to see that other great factors contribute to these revolutions.

Take the case of Brazil as an OWgyexample. A national election was

held last spring. Dr. Julio Prestes, either as landowners, taxpayers

the candidate for president of the or in their ability to read and political party dominated by the write; and yet they have vital inis then President Luis, was elected, terests in the state. Then there

offiand Getulio Vargas was defeated. no secret ballot. The existing

Yet within six months the decers have complete control of the feated candidate became the revoluelection and there is only one way tionary leader and in the brief pethe majority of the people can riod of twenty days, to the astonexpress themselves, and that is ishment of the world, especially through a revolution. This conthe United States, who had placed dition prevails largely in all of

an embargo upon arms to this the South American countries.

leader, he was successful, by rePresident Irigoyen, head of the ceiving the support not only of most stable government in South the majority of the army, but the America—the Argentine—was sent

great majority of the people. into exile in short order by an

N OWarises,the"Whyquestiondid notnaturallythe peouprisingnotnomiconlyconditionsofdissatisfiedthe peoplebutwithwhodispleasedthe wereecopie support him as their candidate with him because he was an exsix months before?"The fact is tremest, arbitrary and erratic.

the majority of the people have And so in Bolivia President Dr.

Hall of Congress no political vote. They cannot Hernando Siles was deposed

La Paz, Bolivia meet the necessary qualifications through the efforts of the students,.

318 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

the army and the people, who if he is so pleased, by methods selected General Jose Galindo, bordering upon force, or even whom they proclaimed as a including it, and therefore a liberator and reformer, as the reelection is not fair and provisional president, to act should be condemned and until the elections that are prevented, in striving toward soon to come. There and ultimate perfected political

in the other republics, they freedom."

are planning great political Mention has been made reforms. of election laws prohibiting

Dr. Siles's term of office from voting those who do

expired in 1929, but, as in not hold land and pay taxes.

practically all South AmeriYet the opportunity for the can lands, so much authority majority of the people to is placed in the hands of the own land is almost out of president that he is limited to the question in these South one term of office. However, American countries.

Aires Buenos conSpaniards the it is a practice When common park, he Martin in San Martin for San monument they took Indians the queredofficials to subterfuge, resort to America. South of Washington the George was as in the case of the land and

Dr. Siles, who brought the Inpostponed the dians who lived

time of the elecupon them into a tion. Under the state of semilaw he should slavery, while the

continue in office officers of the until his successor army as also the is duly elected. soldiers were givOf course there en these lands.

were many proLater when the tests against the revolutions drove postponement of Spanish authorithis election in ty out of South

Bolivia. Those America and

responsible for these republics the opposition were established, were arbitrarily the lands were exiled by the largely allotted president, and so City of Lima, Peru to the soldiers, the people were Cathedral built by Pizarro. His bones repose here. principally the

aroused to a high officers of these pitch and the complete political he was keen enough to read the successful revolutions, until it is revolution was accomplished in handwriting on the wall and sesaid that eightyfive per cent of one week. A new constitutional cretly took boat and fled to his the land is owned by fifteen per

assembly is to be called to try to native country, where he is today, cent of the people, remedy these defects.

really only two In Peru President Augusto B. A PROMINENT authority on THERE are

rich land holder Leguia was also deposed by an * the subject has said: "A Latin c lasses—the

uprising of the people supported American president has so much and the poor peasant who works by the army. In this instance centralized personal power that he for him. It is true that the land

there was much bloodshed, because can almost always reelect himself, is cheap enough, and vast estates a German;an be purarmy offichased at a

cer, Kundt few cents by name, per acre, enforced but the tiorders to tle is quesshoot tionable.

down any All over who gaththat counered in optry an agiposition to tation i s the existgoing foring adminward for istration's;;-. the return

plans. Near the City of Cusco, Peru. o f these

However, Group of Indians in a Fiesta. vast estates

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 319

is an example which most of the South American republics are following and if one desires to know what the future of these southern lands is to be, one need but study what has happened in Mexico, for her history in this respect will be repeated in all those South American countries.

Looking into the future one sees the return of large landed estates to the government for redistribution to the common people, the separation Hall of Congress, Buenos Aires, Argentina of the church and state and then the to the government for redistributhe missionaries stayed, was adgreat battle to have that law ention to its citizens. vised to turn them out and, to be forced.

Lack of the required educational good church members, they comrequest. plied the with Otherqualifications large prevent numif is succeeding and V/TEXICO to hotels take not were warned their takingbers people of from will she succeeds she be an in, the missionaries places where citizens, they because as notpart

all inspiration these to southern also be food purchased might were,in intelligence, deficient butare countries. a Such consummation sell. to Indeed not such warned there instances inbecause many efficiency to will the add with it careful a canvas that was made for facilities forare education few affairs the of church which both impossible the almost for was retherefore, massesthe Power,

state are administered. and missionaries to their continue rich the in the of handsmains

who have had opportunities for work. The condition of the Indians is

education. Liberty must come before the evidence of the absolute inspiraAnother problem which is most Gospel message can be very effecttion that rested upon the prophets

distressing to the people in those ively proclaimed among the milof the Book of Mormon who forecountries is the union of church lions of Indians who are descendtold the future condition of their and state. The fact that the maants of Father Lehi and members descendants, when the Gentiles

jority of the people belong to the of the House of Israel. The would come to that land, that

dominant church—the Roman growing demand in all those South they would tread down the natives,

possible the American republics for the separabring them into subjection, evenCatholic—has made

perpetuation of such union, altion of the church from the state to the very depths of misery.

though even among the leading is a very hopeful sign. Mexico These predictions have been fulmembership of that church the demand for a complete separation is

growing. Two republics have already divorced these two institutions and thus prevented the collection of taxes from nonchurch

members for the support of the church as well as the state.

TN our own missionary work -* among the Indians in the northern part of the Argentine Republic, we had a demonstration of what the power of the church is under such an arrangement: Our work

went well for two weeks, with meetings upon the streets, large numbers of Indians purchasing the

Book of Mormon and listening to our message, and then the priests ClTY OF CUSCO became active. The hotel where Capital of Incian Empire, where Pizarvo came. Greatest ruins in South America.

320 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

filled to the letter. No more cruel fought; but out of each struggle Jesus Christ. The day of his

page in all history can be found and conflict will come victory for coming is approaching. But wonthan the story of the subjugation truth, for righteousness and the derful things have happened and

of the South American Indian. He progress of God's holy purposes. will happen in preparation for

is naturally a peaceloving, indusHe declared that the Constitution that day. God is not only moving

trious person. of the United States was written among the $outh (American reReading the story or hearing by inspired men whom he raised publics but elsewhere in the world

from the lips of the old Indian up for this very purpose and that in preparing the way for the commen the conditions of the reign these principles were brought forth ing of its rightful King. He shall

of terror that was forced upon not only for the benefit of the rule as King of kings in matters their fathers, one is stirred to the peoples of this country but for the political while he also presides as very depths at the cruelty and the blessing of all flesh. Union of Lord of lords in his Church.

injustice and feels much as Moses church and state under the leaderGod speed every movement that must have felt when he saw Israel ship of the head of a church, is not looks for the emancipation of the in Egyptian bondage. a principle that is in harmony downtrodden and oppressed InBut fortunately the Book of with modern democracy. dians of South America and preMormon prophets did not leave pare us that we may discharge our

sacred the torch obligation take to in Souththeir descendants in this deplorable to that them, of light a strong and truth p*-* VERYWHEREAmerica is to be foundcondition, for glorious promises were made that after their subjugaand growing sentiment, even they may begin to blossom as tion would come the day of retriamong the membership of the the rose and prepare for the rebution, the day of their deliverchurch, against such an obnoxious turn of their former blessings and ance, and that they would be union. This itself may be the privileges.

freed from their bondage and in opening wedge that will lead to May he bless the leaders of Mexdue time would become a white serious dissension and division ico who have a clear vision of and delightsome people. among the ranks of the church these things, that they may conwhich stands for this union. There tinue to hold true leadership for

is only one who holds the right to all the Latin American republics '"THIS record of America's ancient rule in the Church and in the until full righteousness and liberty inhabitants given was is established. to the state by right divine—the Lord Latterday Saints, essentially not

for themselves, but chiefly for the benefit these of descendants the Birds Sing,? of FaDo You Know Why ther Lehi, the Indians. American WOODRUFF By OWEN

It must go to them, but it cannot flyer the reflection catch and has to gin the knows T\7HAT go until has prepared the God *v never clearly been depicted stand out the grease by poet from way. This doing. These he is now

artist. or experience sage. other Every tinge and wood A rosy numerous revolutions are steps toof be sensed vicariously fringes the man may Mountains Wasatch that wards end. The Latterday picture, through poem, strips silver or prose eastward. Serpentine Saints do not, therefore, see disof the fellow. other music in Only courses the the streams of mark aster in these political disturbits in strains grandest can approach valley. rose every streak of The ances, rather but progress, growth, expression of the sensations of great a flame becomes of mantle and development. are supThey flight. fly the night through To majestic the mountains. crowning ported and often brought about cities, peaks, with mountain and lesser are the the west peaks To the students, by the intellimost desert discernible dimly in the violet in garbed shades and of gent part of the citizenship of blackness below! nuzzle To increases, light the the gray. As those countries. great of body A through cloud patches speed and the brilliant before subsides flame Indians marched into the city of one miles hundred the toward approaching of Day. King Now La offered Paz and their thanks elusive horizon! this put be Can fields in grain fallow of shock and to the. students led the revowho canvas? on seen. are land lution. I this, write trail the As on I am great each problem man's Below

When God introduced this last of Jim Bridger and some of the appears as the work of an ant.

dispensation he declared that the prepioneer scouts. The darkness Only the work of a few stands

time is retreating arrived had the before of advance everything when Father and Clark, De out—Lewis be saline would wastes that shaken on the The could be dawn. Traders, Smet, the Trappers and

shaken and only the truth would borders of the Great Salt Lake beAshley, Kit Carson, Bridger, stand. What a marvelous change Spalding, Whitman, Brigham

has occurred in the affairs of men Young, Edison and Ford. For the

in these last hundred years, not rest down there below, it only only in the development of the seems important that each should sciences and arts, methods of hube happy in the real sense of the man communication and transword. Ahead of us a flock of

portation, but in the political libgeese are winging their way in erties that have been brought to eschelon over the course of the the people! Tyranny and oppresBear River. We quickly pass them

sion are being crowded into the by in spite of their frenzied flight.

background. Truth has progressed. "And let him have dominion

There are yet many battles to be over the fowls of the air."

April and I Come Forth, Awake Perhaps

By Mary Hale Woolsey By Terrence Sylvester Gtennamaddy By Christie Lund

I, in pearly a dawn, and PRIL A if never came springtime 'tis Easterforth, ye blooms, PERHAPS T)URST hill; at a the of foot dreaming \. Met smile, forget your could tide JD Blithely started gay and on we thing life singing a That I made my sun. face the toward your upward Turn still all sleeping the While world was while. a such wondrous For abide, in earth longer the No passed little that breeze one—Save life just begun. Behold, has new us by if daffodils not were Perhaps has blown, spring trumpetsound of The

I. together, April followed and We hill, the gay upon So lilies field, Arise, ye of the

content quiet heart could be My alone, sleep longer ye all Why flawless blue; overhead sky was The still. of yearning Instead to earth be your shield? damp The dark, sweet; earth below was moist and The

where soon sunbeams came to show And if lilacs bloomed, never grave, Perhaps placed in a rockbound Him They grew rain, April with Nor gleamed slept in quiet death; His body feet. grass beneath our young peace tranquil in I could go on

rested cave in the he while But presand goldeneyed, dewy pain. this poignant Without Tender—And breath. voice give of did God Him The ently,

forth! forth, of come ye Son God, "Come April at and out peeped Wee violets if did not everything Perhaps

seal stone's the is broke; away. The me. of so you Remind me forth shall bind the rock Lord. Come No voice, touch.. forget your I could your

brightness the the Into of day."steep, higher, led the grew way The path if to. I wanted As

But April and I were out for fun;

We crept through shadows somber and Come forth, oh sons of men, awake!

deep, The debt is paid; why linger now?

its foot, at brother, from the branches of bush And my Or—Whilereveled in yellow warmth of sun. The cross was raised just for your sake, bow. The Prodigal World

lilies field, tree the and of ye Awake,

The robins sang for April and me. He rose, the sleeping Son of God. By Alberta Huish Christensen

For man, this day, has been revealed

We loitered awhile in a sunny dell, The resurrection from the sod! beautiful you are today! Nor reckoned the hours slipping away, SOSuch lavish color

But talked of the places where fairies Tinges hill and plain;

dwell, So generous the sun And if we should meet with them And urging rain

close—Whentoday. to our ears came a April Days ThatIs pulseless—drab.not a weathered crag burst of glee:

The brooklet laughing at April and By L. E. Flack So beautiful today; the sky

me! Festooned as for a holiday

A PRIL days are lovely, Stands breathless by,

So through the day into twilight clear, JLX. April days are fair; Holding aloft a silvered glass,

April and I on a merry chase; April days are filled with joy, While earth's gay pageantry

Homeward at last, as the night drew near, For spring is in the air. Of glories pass.

With hearts full of beauty and newhappy Frets alarm, with trees; On the cherry souls—but no! we—Twofound grace. April blossoms bursting And yet my frugal mind

three were forgotten, World, I fear, daffodils Fragrance You have from the

For Springtime had come back with Nodding in the breeze. To save some beauty for another year.

April and me!

Skies of blue with fleecy clouds; -xk$gyB*—

Clover wet with dew Pastoral GreenVioletstips goldon theandfir blue.and pine, Spring

By Gladys Ann Wagstaff By Merling D. Clyde

April days are lovely, are fair, days April ledge rocky dawn, on a a chipmunk my world has been filled, /SEESINCE the world 'tis is young once more, Spring! When 'Tis Spring! dear God, I know

With small anxieties, dull commonplaces, And spring is in the air! While a grey squirrel chirps aloud to say

Little fretful grievances; restive, burning There isn't a doubt of the thing.

Impatience at the sight of myriad faces,

It seemed my fragile, human dreams were A woodpecker cocks a knowing eye, turning And tunes a listening ear

To grey dust—and I, borne down beneath To the rising sap in the tree's strong

thy rod. trunk;

Its message he can hear.

At dusk I left the city's clamorous highway. The grass is green on the steaming slope.

And solace found in a shadowed, country I've a secret, dear, bend low.

lane It's given me faith; it's given me hope,

Thy wisdom. Lord, was in the twilight For a dandelion's started to blow.

Thy patience,stillness,in the day's slow, tranquil God's in His Heaven; all's right with

wane; the world

thing. season's the was changing Thy world The all at peace—the night's I chillness live sweet wouldn't winter we'd where no

Came like a prayer—to close thy perfect have,

day! Lest I'd miss the thrill of the Spring.

T/ieWestward March ofAmerica By DR. HOWARD R. DRIGGS

President of the Oregon Trail Memorial

[Address Delivered on December 29, 1930 the Hundredth Birthday of Ezra Meeker—the Closing

Day of "The Covered Wagon Centennial."]

R. CHAIRMAN, Veterans really seemed more than half perof the Covered Wagon suaded he was jolly Saint Nick.

Days, Honored Pioneers, Arriving at the radio station, he MSons and Daughters and Friends revealed again his spirit of youth of the American Pioneers: by greeting his unseen audience

Seven Winters ago I had the through the microphone with this privilege of introducing Ezra remark, "I'm ninetythree years young."unperturbed Then, by profes- R. DRIGGS, birthday hundredth HOWARD Meeker, whoseDR. situation, the he launched new in teaching the English of sor New first his to tonight, remember we

is product, University, a Utah easeYork fervor native into with and broadcasting. radio in adventure As in Pleasant broughthaving been up closest heart, his to the theme The the to were making eastern we our way County. magGrove, Utah An Pioneers. Oxteam as driving designatesazine "a him a place appointed along snowy

a piston rod offorce of enthusiasm, personality, a of street of this city, we chanced to AS he was closing his tribute to fountaindynamicgood humor."meet a group of merry boys; and - these stalwart men and woHis love of local and national heroes one of them, catching sight of the men, and to the patient oxen which

life. his influence tohas done much hair veteran and with his snowy the helped conquest had them make

I first says:Dr. Driggs book "The frosttinted his cheeks beard, and said: the he West, ofever, with bought money, own my

eyes, shouted, twinkling "Oh, all this marvels era have of at at a "The catching adobesearned 25c new day, was a history of the United States. look! here comes Santa Claus!"been brought about because of the splendid

I have it yet with my autograph at The old pioneer responded with beginning made by the labor of the pioit; Is neers. years thatten of it not should the and meet America age in to compliment. the laugh pages boyish

its tribute plentifully with these delayed to sprinkled long boy pay thumb later surrounded he was A moment splendid especially in before those they parts wheremarks, and men women there were stirring stories."with the happy youngsters, who have all gone over the Great Divide?

1 $i9i

RED BUTTES

So named from the red bluffs through which the North Platte River emerges from the mountains.

The Oregon Trail here left the North Platte for the Sweetwater. It is also the place where

the returning Astorians passed a part of one winter.

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 323

bers of that Association for your City. His first reception here was

participation. And, personally, to be. arrested for having cattle on

out of a grateful heart, I wish to the street. Mayor Mitchell, howexpress my appreciation for the ever, rose to the occasion, gave the

generous and loyal support of all veteran the freedom of the city* of those who have given of their and with a cordon of police as an time, means, and talents to proescort, he made his triumphal oxmote this national commemorateam drive down Broadway.

tion. It is all most heartening to Caught in the traffic jam on Wall

those who have carried forward Street, he had to have about half the cause which Ezra Meeker, with the police force to extricate him;

the dauntless zeal of a true AmerBut he got out at last, and jourican pioneer, lifted into the clear neyed on to the ancestral home of for America. the Meekers in Elizabeth, New

And now, in order that we may Jersey. Thence he went to WashEzra Meeker

"I am one of the last of them to linger with you. It has been my good

fortune to remain on earth for more than ninety years. I have faith and hope to

round out a century. And that reminds

me that I have often in pleasantry invited friends and acquaintances to my hundredth birthday dinner. Since my

health and strength remains with me the same as a decade ago, I'm blamed if I don't begin to think of that event half in earnest; so here goes: Listen, all you

who hear my voice are invited to attend my hundredth birthday dinner, with this proviso, you must pay for your dinner,'or bring it with you."

Ezra Meeker as he Reached Broadway, New York City "VV7E are here tonight in response

Y* to that genial invitation from all get a plainer view of that cause ington, where he was welcomeda typical American pioneer,—one in its perspective, may I sketch by President Roosevelt, who

who gave more than twenty years briefly some of the significant warmly approved his effort to of his eventful life to saving in events that have led to this Ailsave the story of the winning of vibrant form the epic Westward American celebration? the West.

march of America. We have gathresource- the asered remarkable sons daughters With and years ago Ezand TWENTYFOUR of the pioneers he symbolthese pioneers,friends of not merethe fulness ra Meeker first challenged

ly to celebrate with Ezra Meeker attention of our nation to the ized, he kept that cause in the the close of his century; but to cause of reblazing the old Oregon limelight up to the day when,join with him—for surely he is Trail. It is almost a household nearly ninetyeight, he passed

over the Great Divide. One orhere in spirit—in paying a grateful story how he came out of the

nation's tribute to all of the valiant far Northwest with oxteam and two incidents out of those busy men and women who went out of prairie schooner retracing that hisyears reveal the dauntless spirit of our East to win and hold our toric highway from the Pacific to this typical pioneer. Just after his

to OceanWest. We are met as representathe Mississippi. Thence over the oxteam trek from Ocean

trip hetives another along the state in of every made the Union National Pike and the Mohawk Trail he fitting cerein an automobile Oregon outto round with Trail his plodding oxen brought thismony the Covered Wagon Cenhim on and on right into the called "The Pathfinder"—

to chart historic the spots commemthrobbing heart of New York time it for along marking. Reaching underwith

the place where old Fort Hall Heroration—proclaimedstandingtennial, a heartgreat nationalby President

bert Hoover, in honor of the heroes a famous waystation on the Oreand the heroines who "established gonCalifornia Trail-—-was supour civilization across a contiposed to be, he was astounded

nent."to find the old post seemingly

Your attendance here with these swept off the face of the earth.

leaders of our nation, bears witThe Snake River on a highwater ness to the deep national signifirampage had obliterated it. Failcance of this occasion. As Presiing to find any white man who

dent of the Oregon Trail Mecould locate the site, and determorial Association, on which has mined that this historic shrine rested the responsibility of directshould not pass into oblivion, the ing this Centennial, I voice the Showing lineScottsof OldBluffOregon Trail old pioneer turned to the Indians;

gratitude of the officers and memthrough Mitchell Pass. and these helpful first Americans

324 The Improvement Era for April, 1931 did not fail him. He finally faceforward to the last. During XJE reached his home city,found one of them who as a boy his ninetyeighth summer, his spirSeattle, all but spent, but with

had lived near the Fort. This it of youth and adventure found will enough to refuse to be helped

keeneyed Redman, left to his own outlet in creating what he called down the car steps. Three weeks

resources, led the exploring party his "oxmobile."On the chassis later he passed away, whispering

through the meadowy lowlands of an automobile, he built, with to his daughter as he died, "I am along the river directly to a spot schoolboy enthusiasm, the replica not quite ready to go; my work

among the taller grasses. There of the "prairie schooner."is unfinished."When he was

they discovered the rectangular buried in Puyallup, the town he the days, in pioneer covered this foundedoutlines the old of had post. modernized waghe schooner had used into old prairie he the confirmMeeker, to Mr. TN-*- on, find, took made a trip New

a spade and began in crossing the to dig. He was continent was

not long unearthpressed again into ing bits of iron, service. This

charcoal, fragtime, filled with ments of pottery, flowers by the and other relics school children, of pioneer days. and drawn by a

The lost Fort yoke of oxen, it

Hall was found. accompanied Ezra Meeker to his

'THIS incident last resting place.

* gives concreteThe great ness to the fact work to which that Ezra Meeker this dauntless was no shallow American was historian. I t Platte Crossing clinging to the

drives home, too, The Upper California Crossing of the South Fork of the Platte last was somethe urgent need thing far more for decisive action to save the fadvital than the mere marking of a ing trails and historic spots linked pioneer trail. His goal was the

with the memory of our Western preservation of our historical heripioneers. It was to get just such tage. He strove to keep alive the

action on a national scale that the spirit of real Americanism as it doughty pioneer made at this time was exemplified in the lives of our another dramatic stroke that again pioneers, whose "pilgrim feet,"arrested the attention of America. With "stern, impassioned stress,

At the age of nearly ninetyfive, A thoroughfare for freedom beat he flew with an army pilot over across a wilderness."

the old trails from Washington, These pioneers knew no such his home state, to Washington, word as fail. It was men of this

the capital. The log of the pilot England to remind our Northeast breed that put the / can in Amerishows that they made the flight at of its neglected history in the far can; and Ezra Meeker took this

more than 100 miles an hour; in Northwest. At the old Wayside expression seriously. Realizing

1852, when he took his wife and Inn, he met Henry Ford, who, this, we do not wonder he should babe across the plains in the covactively interested, invited the pilament in passing that his work ered wagon, he traveled about two oneer to drive his "oxmobile"out was not done. One fine thing he

miles an hour. As the Idaring to the Ford Factory, so that the did accomplish, however, and that

veteran, whose life linked oxteam workmen there might add some was to plant the cause he so dearly with airship, landed in WashingLincoln shockabsorbers and other loved in the warm heart of Amerton, he was greeted by President conveniences to make it more comica.

Coolidge, who, a short time after fortable. The gracious invitation

this, gave official approval to a was accepted, and the veteran [T is a cause, indeed, that belongs measure passed unanimously by turned westward. He arrived at * to all America. In the making

Congress for the minting of a beauDetroit on schedule time, but very of our great West, America was tiful memorial coin to be used ill. Mr. Ford immediately directed made. We add only glory to the

for funding the enterprise of markthat he be taken to the hospital revered founders of this republic to ing the pioneer trails to the West. and given the best of care. A few point out the fact that our nation

The days that followed this weeks later the old pioneer had came to its splendid selfrealiza- triumph were filled with work regained strength enough to walk tion only when the sons and and worry for the aged pioneer. out to his "oxmobile."Then, a daughters of the Revolution crossed

Only those who were closest to flash pi his youthful spirit rethe Alleghanies and began to him knew, however, of the heartturning, he expressed determinacarve empire states out of the great aches and disappointments. In tion to go on over the old sunset untamed commonwealth that had

spite of them, with the iron will trail. Friends, however, persuaded been won during our fight for freeof the stalwarts [Who had conhim to make the journey in the dom by such eaglets as George

quered a continent, he kept going stateroom of a Pullman. Rogers Clark. By the valor of

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 325

historical heritage American heroines, the first white that belongs to the women to cross the Rockies youth of this nation. Narcissa Prentiss Whitman of New

The story of the York, and Eliza Spalding of ConWestward march of necticut, carrying the cross of

America is an integral Christ into old Oregon. Join in

part of our national that first Thanksgiving held in—mayepic. AndI remindthat storyyou pioneers,the West,savedwhenby thethe seagulls"Mormon"from here—is not to be famine, poured out their hearts to

found in the cheap God for their deliverance from the fiction, the sensationcricket plague. Cheer your way

INDEPENDENCE ROCK al socalled "Westwith the thousands who toiled

River, Sweetwater miles On 50 west of screen; of the Casper, erns"with handcarts across the plains,

has been the aptly termed "Register of the Desert."the nor in this refrain: Wild singing

West shows. As Josh "Some must push, and some must

these and the other daring AmeriBillings once humorously put it, pull cans who carried on the conquest "About half the lies they tell ain't Before we reach the Valley, O!"

into the Farther West, thirtyfive true."We shall have to get below Ride through a cordon of Indian

stars have been added to the imthat surface material to find the foes for nearly a hundred miles in mortal thirteen. real epic of the West. It will be the dead of a Wyoming winter

The laurels for this mighty with "Portugee"Phillips, to bring achievement belong to every state relief to a beleagured garrison of in our Union. In this immeassoldier boys. 'These and thousands

urable accomplishment there is of other like stories of real heroism

South—theyneither East norare West,all one.NorthIt wasnor arerich thecontributionsmost precioustheof Westthe manyhas

the blended heroism of our youthmade to our country.

ful nation that expanded our land from "sea to shining sea."Lewis T'HERE is vital need that these

and Clark from old Virginia, by splendidly American stories be daring exploration, clinched our taught in their vibrant verities to claim to Oregon, won by right of the youth of our land. As matdiscovery by that brave Yankee ters stand, our boys and girls

skipper from old Rhode Island, east and a not getting west—are Captain Robert Gray. deal square in their history. Their

lessons in this basic subject are three was Kentucky hunters TT limited, sectional, bounded mainly ** of the breed of Daniel Boone, y on the west Alleghanies by the or piloted Price Wilson who Hunt realdiscovered in at the best of romance the Mississippi. a Not of old his and New Jersey overity lives sterling enacted of line the in would we the subtract from land Astorians the through Black the piopathfinders inspirational Western stories and that link ourHills the and snowy River Wind neers. there is that hearts Right heroism with Plymouth Rock and intoranges the Valley of the Snake lustre star to flag in every the adds Independence Hall, Valley Forge X *River. Jedediah the Strong Smith, d King an - S Mountain d oth

Puritan Pathfinder from old New TF you would feel the pulse of patriotic shrines of our East, butr trails the first blazedYork, the e of 50s ade to this priceless heritage t]?e conquest would we! crwho white the deserts into men across of, tthe follow/- TWest, JohnT Coulter, add the wealth of those other inCalifornia. Austin Moses of Conex- his daring boy, in a Kentucky spiring stories that are inwoven

firstnecticut, led the American alone, colplorations rethe through in the lives of the heroes and ony into Texas; and Sam Housgions round what was once called {nes who carried America fromheroourton, born in old Virginia, leading 'Coulter's Hell"—now Yellow- [Continued on page 372]

heroes from every one of the Thirstone Park. Battle

teen Colonies, wrested the Lone through the snowStar state from the tyranny of blocked Blue MounMexico. John C. Fremont, a natains with that brave

tive son of old Georgia, made the Indian mother, Pierre master stroke that won California Dorian's wife, to save for America; and Commodore her children. Paddle

Sloat of the Empire State raised with Jim Bridger, the first American flag in the Goldanother boy from old en State. The Utah pioneers, Virginia, in his dugthose Pilgrims of the West, who out canoe down the

have made our Western deserts Bear River to the dis- "blossom as the rose,"came from covery of the Dead stateevery east of the Father of Sea of America isWaters. West truly an Salt Great The Lake. Go South Pass is a regionSouthofPasshigh, rolling plateausAllAmerican creation, with a rich with those two with the distant Wind River Mountains to the north..

Expatriation

HUGH J. CANNON

Illustrated by Paul S. Clowes

Chapter Nine

. ICK and Mrs. Brooke had carried a couch D, and laid Nell's unconscious form upon it.to the porch

The sea breeze and the solicitous attentions of her friends revived the girl, and she was by no means certain as sensibility returned that Dick had not been kissing her. He

was kneeling by the couch and holding her hand. His face

was radiant.

"What is it, Dick?"

"I don't know, my sweet girl,"he said raising her up and resting her head on his breast. "Mrs. Brooke has

just told me what she told you, and there seems to be a chance, but perhaps nothing more, that the woman buried by your father's side is not your mother."

"Oh, call Mrs. Brooke instantly!"

j[HE woman was watching at the door only waiting for an invitation to come in.

"Was Nelly Alder a white woman?"Dick could

feel the girl tremble violently as she put the question.

"Just as white as Mr. Terry."

"Now tell us as briefly as you can, all you know about Mr. Terry or first of all of his wife, the mother

of this girl,"commanded Dick. The woman was more

than willing.

"I first saw Nelly Alder when she was a child of eight or nine years. She came to Nukualofa with her

father who was a wealthy English trader. Her mother

died when she was a few months old."

"Who was her mother?"

"She was a Spanish lady, and a beauty, too, judging by her pictures which I often admired, for I was afterwards in service in the Alder home in New Zealand.

Mr. Alder owned property in all these islands, but particularly in Tonga. Nelly often accompanied him on his

visits and sometimes remained here months at a time.

When Mr. Terry came to Nukualofa from Fiji he was

not long in falling in love with her. I saw them married. Mr. Hunt performed the ceremony. About a

year later their little girl was born and when she was two days old the mother died. Five minutes'walk will bring

you to the spot where she lies."

1 HE narrator began discursively to go into details, but Dick ordered her to inform them of the doings "You love Jessie, of course!"'

of Mr. Terry.

"He was brokenhearted, and no wonder, for when

Nelly Alder died he lost a treasure. His health was

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 327

broken, too. I was engaged to take care of the child.

My own baby was very young and I nursed them both."

"What did Mr. Terry call his little one?"queried

Dick. "Lilly Nell."

The young woman with a cry of joy broke from

Dick's supporting arm.

"Oh, let me get down on my knees and thank God!"

she cried. "One moment more,"Hawley said authoritatively.

He was loath to relinquish his support of the girl and still feared there might be a mistake.

"First I have a question,"Nell interposed. "General

Howcroft in Fiji and a white planter in Apia detected a resemblance between me and Elinor or Nelly Alder. Why

should I look like her?"

'That's easy to explain."Mrs. Brooke was eager

to tell the story. "Nelly and Elinor were half sisters

and looked very much alike. Not long after Nelly's

mother died, Mr. Alder married a woman in Fiji and

Elinor was born to them. He never told Nelly of this

marriage until she was grown before he died, in up—just or half sister."fact, and she never met her stepmother

"Do you know any reason for this secrecy?"

"I certainly do. Elinor's mother was part Fijian,

showed it distinctly though she was beautiful, and Mr.

Alder was ashamed to have his older daughter know the kind of a woman who had taken her mother's place.

Besides, the second wife was awfully jealous and acted like a crazy person if any one suggested that there was another daughter. She called her own girl Nelly when

the father was not around.

"Once she came to Auckland, while I was working in Mr. Alder's home, and while Nelly was in England at

school. They had a real nasty fuss over this very thing.

The woman stormed like fury because her own daughter was kept in the background, and she went so far as to say to her husband's face that (Elinor.was the only

legitimate child. After Mr. Alder had ordered her back

to Fiji and had gone out to get her steamship ticket, she swore to me that she was the only wife her husband ever had and that her daughter was the real Nelly Alder.

Said that to me, mind you! And I had known Nelly

Alder for years!

TjHIS visit made my master so angry that he never saw his wife again, but he was generous with his money and sent her a handsome allowance regularly.

Elinor was sent to the States to be educated. I'm sure

he was a little afraid his new wife would harm her stepdaughter if they ever met. Anyway he kept them apart,

and that made it all the easier for the woman to make it appear there was but one child."

"But why did she call her daughter Nelly?"

"I think there were two reasons. Mr. Alder never

talked much about his family, but I heard that once he did speak of his daughter Nelly in the presence of several people in Fiji. Of course to carry out her claim

that there was but one child, she had to pretend that her daughter was Nelly. The other reason was, she always

hoped, and maybe intended, that there should be but one daughter, and as the name Nelly was much more "I think more of her than any other girl in the world widely known than Elinor, she wanted that name.

except you, Nell.""Of course I didn't get this story all at once but learned

it bit by bit. I can understand my master's feelings. He

was white and very proud. You know I'm a Tongan

and half white, and we see that there's a lot of difference 328 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

between Fijians and white people made a regular idol of the little she was nearer collapse than at any or even Polynesians."girl, and always claimed her as her previous time in her life. She

'Then after his first wife's own. She would become terribly threw her arms around Dick's neck

death, are we to understand that angry if anyone said she was not and sobbed hysterically. He had

Mr. Terry married her half sister Lilly Nell's own mother. Mrs. Brooke put her to bed.

Elinor?"Dick asked.

that's exactly hap- "Yes, what was TERRY the by J OHN Touched overpened. She came from I ever knew, but Fiji the best man he rays of the small rising sun the

and finding Mr. Terry very ill, was sick a good deal, and Elinor Tongan cemetery on the following

she took care of him until he could was determined to have her own morning became a paradise. Mrs.

be around again. His fever had way. In many things it was a Terry's resting place was on an

been dreadfully high and I think pretty good way, too. She was eminence overlooking the sea, and

he was not quite himself when a lot better woman than her mothone could hardly find a more reshe took him to Vauvau where er, but was just as jealous. I poseful spot in the world for the

they were married. I've hunted guess it was because of this that long and quiet sleep of death.

up the record of it there, because Mr. Terry never mentioned his Nell knelt by the newlyfound

some of the natives said they were first marriage nor the fact that grave, her heart filled with that never married at all. Though I the child's real mother was dead. sublime joy which can find exdidn't like her the least bit, mostly I am sure the reason they sold out pression only in tears. The bronze

because she took the baby from in Tonga and went to Samoa was inscription on the simple stone, me and used the name of my deadthat they might get into a place though worn by the weather, was friend Nelly, I must say she made where their neighbors didn't still discernible. It gave the inforJohn Terry a good wife. She know the real truth. I can bring mation that Nelly Alder, wife of

loved him, I can't tell you how in a good many natives who will John 2. Terry, was born in Auckmuch, and in a very short time she tell you this same story."land, New Zealand, and that she

"That will do,"Dick ordered, died to give life to a baby girl.

"Miss Nell has heard enough for "Mother, dear, can you feel my one day."presence as I feel yours, and know

And indeed she had. The girl's that I love you, oh, so tenderly,

strength was completely gone, and and that with contrite heart I fervently thank God and you that you are my mother?"

AiFTER Mrs. Brooke's

story was fully verified by the girl, with Hawley's assistance, she determined to take the first boat for the States. She realized now the

intense longing, so heroically suppressed, again to see and associate with the only parents she had known. Except for this reawak-

ened filial love which completely dominated her being, Dick's pleadings that she accept his proposal of marriage and return as his fiancee, or even as his wife, might not have been fruitless.

The young lady had to admit the arguments he advanced were most specious. Nate and

Jessie, having received her approval, were formally engaged ere this, and it would relieve them all of embarrassment if her own engagement could be immediately announced. His

great desire was that they be married at once;

he demanded nothing more at present than Nell knelt by the newly found grave. [Continued on page 365]

In Memory of THREE By RUTH MAY FOX General President Y. L. M. I. A.

Benjamin Goddard curio store under his able manageGOOD man obtaineth fament.It is estimated that during the

vor with the Lord"and 27 years of his service there two "A good name is rather to million tourists passed through theAbe desired than great riches."grounds and sacred buildings loIt is always a pleasure and a cated on that square—two milgreat satisfaction to be able to say lions of God's children were met

Zina Young Card

"in doing good to all men,"regardless of wealth or station.

His missionary service in New Zealand, where the natives looked upon him as a father and almost reverenced him, proves the assertion. His devotion and services to

Benjamin Goddard hundreds of young people, as well as Brigham Morris Young adults, in his missionary classes are truthfully of any man: He was further evidence of his love for hucourteously, escorted through the

where, they might though to grounds obedient Latthoroughly genuine He was man kind. good—a

its teachings, they not believe civil or ecclesiauthority, It requiresterday Saint. whether no mental reservation to pay that tribute astical. He dearly loved to live might at least sense the spirit of

to Brother Benjamin Goddard. He and to teach the principles of right- "Mormonism."What a blessed

was genuinely good. And yet we eousness, and did not halt in his work! And all this was under his

realize that there are so many ditestimony. He had no hesitancy own splendid supervision. Effiverse opinions of right and wrong in declaring that the restored Gosciency and orderliness marked his

in these modern days that some pel of Jesus Qhrist, was God's ministrations. The guides, or asmight question, what is meant by eternal truth, and that Joseph sistants, were happy in the work

"being good."A Latterday Saint Smith was his prophet. His conassigned them, always being sure

would answer that the old fashnection with the General Board of of a cordial and cheerful greeting.

ioned virtues, honesty, chastity, the Y. M. M. I. A. was marked Is there anything more, you ask,

truthfulness, integrity, are the with zeal and devotion, but perto be said of this man? Yes, much

measure of a man's character; and haps his long years of service on more, but now only this simple

these all were manifest in Brother the Temple Block was the outand yet perhaps greatest of all tribGoddard's life. If these qualities standing work of his life, a work utes—he was a loving, considerate

were not enough to mark him a for which he was most admirably husband, and a wise and devoted man, let us add, "he was conadapted. From one small room, father.

scientious in his dealings with his the Bureau of Information grew "A good man obtaineth favor fellows and generous in his services to a magnificent building with acwith the Lord."And so his heart's

for their benefit."He believed commodations for a museum and desire was granted, that he might

330 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

crown his days with that most self until she met her husband in unselfish of all labor, doing orHelena, Montana. Arriving at

dinance work in the House of the FAREWELL their destination, the family lived

Lord for those who have passed in a tent until September, when through the mystic veil. In Appreciationby Ivie Ensign,of SaltBenjaminLake City,Goddatd Brother Card built a log cabin

The accompanying verses, December 6 1930. fifteen feet square, to house them

"Farewell,"were penned by one for the winter. Extremely cold

dear, sleep, well noble heart; thy deep frequent, and so weather her Sleep, was through him well knewwho

rest earned must the that women snow was in his great association with him sweet benediction in Descends fromwork. yon bright shore—remain in the house for days and

The abode of God's elect, whose earthly sometimes weeks at a time. Later

blest have cabin the was Zina Young Card Theirlives fellowmen. Thy mem'ry loved quite was shall live forevermore. a mansion—fourenlarged so thatroomsit

to deserved ever luxury! any woman a pantry! No What andIF that perpetuated swelled her heart name have I called thee friend, mine was the happy wonder Aunt Zina's

woman was Zina Young Williams lot with pride. She began to think

Card. Her whole life of eighty To knowshrinethee well; and in that sacred and plan how she could beautify

long years from early childhood Within my heart, I'll cherish ev'ry thought her new home. She bought bolts

to shortly before she passed away Thou didst bequeath to me to keep and bolts of white canton flannel, was one of service and devotion me fine. dyed it in difFerent colors and lined

to human welfare. Born on the Lo, through these many years, thy life all of the rooms, ceilings and walls,

third day of April, 1850, she was spent so that her bedroom was pearl passed through the stirring events Upon the heights of men's esteem. gray, her parlor canary yellow,

traits noble Those Johnston's days. pioneer of The brown. golden the dining room days thy earthly

the episode, to Move, different shades she tookArmy such grace have Then and food That in lent shortage were all vivid recollecTo all thy deeds, bear witness of thee drape the windows, etc. This

tions of this remarkable woman. now at Heaven's gates. lining she placed with the nap

birthday after clean her 24th Shortly she must so that when The last sad hour has come—We say, down Williams, the the husband, right way, Thomas her it, brushing "Adieu,

died. A year later on the advice Loved friend and brother."May we. entire effect was soft and velvety

strength too, have late President the her father, cabin log the of was transgiven to you—thus has ever mighty God with That she went and Young, of comfort into one Brigham formed faithful part throughout our play To

her brother and her two small boys life's length. beauty.

to preSevier into County down as entertained Zina Here Aunt Father all, grant of us mercy now of Great a section quarter of empt a first notables, bankers, lady many dear. ones his loved Keep them Unto

land. By way of improvements, in peace. railroad officials, barons, dukes,

she built a log cabin, planted some Before Thy mandate, we most humbly the minister of the interior, and bow—had a the land and trees, fenced occasion, the govenor one his simple faith in us increase. on a But may night dug. ditch One water of the royal, was govenor who

terrific storm broke on the little Oh, God, may we who loved him, called three western provinces. A friend

friend, the wind did him violently so cabin; at tells one Zina's of how Aunt Throne. to his led example by Thy Be refused to the candle that blow guests distinguished time when end. he, as until the serve, to us Help children her with alone burn, so, will said. she expected as only housed has he say, not were "Thy And

and the darkness, she passed that be done."them but she had the barn cleaned

neverto-beforgotten night. out and entertained them with a

During the influenza epidemic of dance. The party was so successin resulted so many which 1918, athis ful the that govenor and President late the married Zina as Zina, deaths, Aunt premature the again next sumcame tendants wife, plural a Card, O. Charles called, volunfamiliarly she was fete. rural the to enjoy mer anymeant the which way, by nursed services 52 and teered her

if all travelers as It and seemed life a of at but time that thing adher successful cases. was So at were Aunt welcome newcomers comfort. pathe of that ministrations none

table, Indians the were even Zina's sons her and 1887, with two In finally she died. However, tients

feel at Suppleto home. made one in with babe, company young disease and dread the contracted hospitality this wonderful menting deher she took family, other efthe recovered fully from never nurse, service as midwife her was Canada. the of for wilds parture it. of is a sample but fects of This

entire for the physician comand a her few and cows with She had felher to devotion unselfish her althis purpose for she munity; travel that horses so was some lowmen. a medicine of supply kept ways piotrue necessarily slow. Under into it is and journey her of But necessities emergencies for on and they plodded regulations neer article this that life in Canada her

is particularly interested in, a story along, resting on the Sabbath day hand.

which should never be allowed to and holding sacred services as her Nor did she forget that the fade from the pages of history. mother had done before her. hardships and monotony of pioBeing almost the first woman to On this trip Aunt Zina's teamneer life must be enlivened with

make her habitation in that unster proved to be a rather rough social activities, so >she was the settled country she was often recharacter, using language that she means of promoting many parties, ferred to as the First Lady. It did not want her sons to hear, So dances, picnics and dramas. Aunt

was in the year 1884 that Aunt she discharged him and drove herZina was very fond of the drama

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 331 and had considerable ability in goodly parents, and he has faithit a great privilege to be permitted that fine art; she not only played fully honored his birthright. to publish this precious document.

many roles but coached the players Retiring and gentle in his disso successfully that people were position and firm in integrity, Salt Lake, Sept. 1st, '74.

Morris, Dear fifty to known miles come to witall "he faithful in was things."

letters kind Your of June 11th and ness the plays. his While life has been active an Aug. 6th received were a about month the ward When organized was one, it date from it has mainly in been and is with pleasure Church much

I that learn she of success bought your in an instructing prgan her with work, the in his work heart which natives in the principles of Gospel; the means own and organized a choir. and delighted. mind he the When difficulty your in learning the language first She became the I. Y. L. M. but years A. was 1 9 called old will I he was disappear, hope study by the which

president. When the stake was on a mission to Hawaii, not a very I know full well you will give it; never

allow courage your fail to she formed you. was Man's chosen the L. desirable Y. place live at to time, that

greatest works have been done by men stake president. the At same time but great he in had his joy labors. patience, of perseverence and a determined she also aid was in the an Relief His next mission will associated was which would acknowledge defeat, no

Society. These positions called with the Y. M. M. I. A. which rather than by those gifted with a natural

ability which success easy, made for but visits frequent to who distant wards in was then its infancy. asHe lacked the tenaciousness of purpose. Then, one and can imagine the jwhat sisted first in the organization and boy, never fail, say my but work on like roads were in setthat newly traveled in the throughout way started you have Utah enlisting and your

tled land. On one of these trips young men to the cause. reward is certain.

United The is Order along moving Zina Aunt and another worker call to he rewhich A third nicely and where ever the people have to cross had a swiftly running sponded to the was Eastern States; entered into it has given entire satisfacstream, which was a real menace, and fifteen years later was again tion. In St. George and many other

it is places as in practical she iwas running order always very called to take his much family with him the and harvest is being in got under afraid of water. the In middle and resume missionary in labors the direction of the all Board; accounts the of stream she lost her courage Hawaii. his settled release he there from On the show advantage of united

and pulled the horses away from in Logan,,but Was soon called labor. The saw mills and almost all

the great interests are in the the regular Order ford and to and began in to labor go Salt the Lake Temple. all well. work stream; she down was to about For years he this labored in crops are The very large St. at George, the from jump wagon holy an when especially longest the fruit period crop; the work on 38calling—the

the Indian to at St. the rescue. came Temple George the progresses with exception This very of one other

indeed and are being men one was to found of the incidents in many worker who has labored in the gowell and down work the through coming her life she felt when that Provifar. temple so winter.

dence interposed in her behalf. His sons and his daughters have The harvest is bountiful all over Utah

The beginning of industrial reason to rejoice in the gift that and is nearly gathered in.

Fera started with Bro. Staines in concerns abouL Cardston was largely has been bequeathed to the them, the last of 26th for month York New to this due noble generwoman's knowledge their that father had where he will for be about two weeks osity. She helped materially in a conscience before offense void of going over to toward Annapolis to enter

the building the Naval cooperative Academy. store, a all and God toward that men and

I have every that hope he will pass a sawmill, the gristmill is a and cheese he entitled to hear the plaudit examination creditably; he studied has factory. irrigation ditch, the An "Well done thou faithgood and very hard and Bro. Park informs me first attempt of in ful its kind that part that is servant, enter he into very well the of joy prepared and has

of Canada, was another enterprise thy Lord."great confidence in him. It will undoubtedly seem strange to in to be him for which Zina Aunt heartily following letter The valued as first the time ever he left placed home joined, all this and a treasure was done with price beyond the by famentire among strangers a with not familiar a heart merry ily, a and cheerful face to counexemplifies look to very clearly a tried or that friend to whom

to turn tenance. for advice in the hour notwithstanding of need, his large houseit but will a make it of man him, will life Her likened to hold, a crystal President stream Brigham Young develop his latent powers, and teach Flowing heights isdown from of purest ideal was an father. esteem to him his We put trust in our Father in snow.

Gathering, increasing, as it ran Heaven.

are Times dull and business is pretty Until it reached the open plain.

but our Coop trade I is think Dividing, then into rills slow, sparkling

Each wended its way through field and For Aunt Zina recoveringill wind thatslowlyblowsbut gradually;nobody goodit is andan meadow,

Glad'ning the bling vale with rippling, bubBy Lula Greene Richards starveby thissomescarcityof theseof adventurersmoney we out;hope theto laughter.

Kind memories, dear Aunt Zina, will be devil cannot work without money, wherecherished in our hearts as the Lord can. We lived here about B. Morris Young Whtte spring and summer come and go, twenty years with hardly a dollar cirpROM life to death, from death The hopeand andsun shallhelpfulnessrise andandset. trust a culatinglived but amongimprovedus, andand grewwe notrich. onlyx life like imparts, yours Very life, obliged much to for the ever the epistle rolling enwheels Those have closed who in last. known understood and your Brother Alma Smith eternityof are in engaged the perloved and will it has forget. not put in English for me. theseformance of great two influence mysMay pure, as faith, of Brother your By I Alma Smith send you

stillteries cheer in urge every and us which Fifty soul on, some coming ($50.00) Dollars in gold

life's In uncertain 'til, pathway, like which you, can you disposeinto is of the for clothes world involved. and

pass, we and other necessities. then—faithful more One has penman victors As enter may we the fair realm Your mother's health is as as goodetrated the great beyond his to where you gone, have I usual, believe, as is all folks. the My greet And with joy your face, smiling health enlightenment. continuesown B. good. Morris

and hear your voice again. Peace be with you. likeYoung, old, Nephi of was

. loving Your father, toproud say that he of was born Brigham Young.

Facing Life By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

III

What Are Your Limitations?

be an to odd seems not sight. But HHHERE I am one in listen in on best rO

in grass the to try * yearning exable to seem I don't happy. thinking the

it must of men and press myself fully in what I am the next pasture. And yet

leave that evident we cannot think I could be doing. Do you they now as T women?"us hanging behind limitations our as a succeed becomes Life Face

a fascinating privon the fence we climb over into ilege. To tune in T7E all suffer certain limitations. that neighboring estate.

on the Broadcast ** Life has become so complex That thought of being born to of the Souls of that complete mastery is out of a calling is full of dangers. Does

men brings a rich the question. At best one can it hint predestination? or merely

variety of procome to fill some one little niche. foreordination? Does it warrant

gram. The theme And the challenging thing about a blind acceptance of conditions

fill one we thereby as you chance to be born into song is regularly a life is that if we sit of filling possibility the to it lead preclude you them? Does accomthemelody of Hope—and can hardly the Lives await to another. by be comfortably of the Organpaniment—well,

lived Providence. The store of "on approval."The decision backthe best furnishesHardship havto seems to dislike comes of experience "Everything old adage the Harp generallyground. Pretty

of Ease has a broken string. Ocing used goods come back. That's him who waits"has been revised

to and women young men come read "Something to why may despair static of thecasionally at countthe around waits."shop he while hustles should him who the of enjoyment thethreatens before freely ers opportunity of Broadthe But program.whole selection. a tied get by they down I S Station on. goescast T W real convery a are Limitations Limitations? Your Are What the is on Succeed) (I To Want adage sideration. old "The The to middawn from air day every the only tallest grain The of on grows all—Heredity. THIRSTnight. *> is scripall pause. talents the us richest of parable makes ground"long women and men Young native are there that questions: typical tural these evidence Note adequately themselves express to Science limitations. differences and that believed always "I have full the enjoy to long they in that experience same joins with certain to follow were born men potentialities. their of realization into are If born conclusion. you are is true If that callings. why urge stronger a be there If may short, stocky a of family men fitted to so poorly us of so many of yearning is it the theirs than shortness and the especially when are doing?"we do what mothers who fathers and anxious through stockiness back go the I spent twentyfive. have "I am the children their see in to hope likewill several life you farm. all the on Do my dreams. fondest their generations—you of fulfilment if are, no short. you ly be And a I as succeed lawthink would the reads as he doubt, can one No exercise or longdiet or of system yer?"in, that men come letters which to likely "stretch"you will ing I tell or not whether can Star "How Dust dreams. The dream children proportions. other Some I a salesman?"good make would distant the in scattered dim wasn't infamilies keen of into are born

I been years have thirty "For past. of into groups tellect; others come

And yet men and women seem trying to make a go of it here in mediocrity. Let us not get lost in

haunted by a fear that they may the city. With four boys on my a dispute as to whether Heredity

little very be to I seem dare hands if they themselves overreach of is environthan important more it think would a success. you Do aspirations. "Mayto follow their alone can exone Neither ment.

be that is beyond me"or "I wonbe better for all of us out on a plain the achievements of life.

der if I'm cut out for that,""Am farm? Do you think I could They are both essential to its full

learn how to run one?"understanding. I fitted to do that"—such doubts

as these will crowd in. It may I have just turned through

lines read these that as you be stimulating volume that you again

just what are wondering yourself Environment,"by and "Heredity your limitations are. It is surprisConklin.

ing how many letters reflect sentiListen briefly to his comments:

ments like these:

"I quit school early. I took 'The development of an indimy present job because it was the vidual or the evolution of a race

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 333

is dependent upon the interaction career which demands highly go about to "turn of two sets of factors or causes, specialized capabilities, a person up opportunities."

the intrinsic and the extrinsic. The should take pains to discover both Chance at best is

former are represented by the orhis abilities and his limitations. fickle. Only Micawganization of the germinal protoTests are being perfected which ber of Dickens fame

plasm, the latter by all other conregister with a fair degree of accould be happy to ditions; the former are known as curacy one's potentialities. Young wait merely upon cirheredity or constitution, the latter men and women can now be tested cumstance.

as environment or education; or in such a way as to be able to preIn youth, boys

in the words of Galton, these two dict for them in advance the likeand girls should reach sets of factors may be called 'nalihood of their success in selling; out to discover fields

ture'and 'nurture.'The great in speed of calculation such as is open to their later

problem of development is the unrequired of tellers, accountants, pursuits. Ambitious

raveling of these two factors, the etc.; in making motor responses young people will

assignment of its true value to as may be required in handling expose themselves to each, and the ultimate control of various types of machinery; in muvocational possibilidevelopment so far as this may be sical appreciations and expression. ties richly. If a

possible through the knowledge young man fancies thus gained. '"PO take a concrete case, let us that he is interested in the law he

'The distinction between these suppose that a young man has might well frequent court rooms acquaintedtwo factors of development is genraised the query as to whether he—he ought to becomeerally recognized and the question should study law. How may he with the demands made upon a

that the score of native the on discuss to ought relative theof the know of importance lawyer—he

fitted ability that to follow he is a reprewith law practice of the ages. has been discussed fortwo

Which is the more important, conprofession. It is the business of sentative selection of successful

stitution or environment? What the lawyer to pass upon fine dismen. This very process may discharacteristics are due to nature and tinctions. Cases which will come cover opportunities into which he

what to nurture? To what exto him involve perplexing quesmay later fit.

tent is man the creature of heredity, tions. If they did not they likely An outstanding ranchman and

to what extent the product of edwould not come to him for solucattleman attributes his success to ucation? The old question, 'Which tion. He, therefore, needs to be an experience of his youth at which

of you by taking thought can add keen-—quick to see a point, analyttime he was taken out from the

one cubit to his stature,'is a vital ical enough to break up an issue city to visit with his uncle on a question today. To what extent into its constituent elements. The ranch. The love of the out of

may nature be modified by nurlaw is not a profession for men doors born of that trip led this ture? To what extent may eduof meagre mentality. Young men young man later to follow ranchcation make up for deficiencies of might well keep out of it unless ing. Except for the opportunity

birth?"their I. Q. denotes a superior into see how rich in possibilities

telligence. Intelligence Tests are ranching was for him, he might

CCIENTISTS are pretty generalavailable which will indicate to have become and remained a clerk.

*-* ly agreed that the quality of any young man what his chances Exposure to a rich variety of opour intelligence is our heritage in for success may be as far as they portunities is a sensible safeguard birth. As Wiggam pointedly sugrest upon mere mentality. against the handicap of this second

gests: The decrees of heredity cannot inevitable limitation.

"If your father dies from being safely be ignored. Any young The Third Limitation is Trainhit on the head by a falling brickman entering upon a field which ing. More and more the world

the inability to dodge should satisfy himself peris being so by a careful tion. Machinerybat,head—justbrickbats."you will not inherit a cracked presupposes superior mentality is demanding a higher specializaprocess of testing fected that and examination findordinary labor is

Not only is our relative brilthat he possesses such mentality. ing less and less of a place in the

liance or stupidity scheme of things. For several

largely a birthright but applilists of enjoy or we may in be The Second Limitation is cantsmonthshavenowbeenlongseeking work denied specific gifts or Opportunity all of the larger establishments of functions. seems There city. all that yet our during And a cawith marked man ANY \A to a bit be eviof good institutions these time of many *"life pabilities his spent has dence that persome for looking have been young men essentially doing commonplace special sons enjoy muspecial training. of Every youth because things are the they only sical capabilities. The should prepare to himself answer ones ever crossed which his have is thing true same of industry's outstanding quesone interesting letter path. the of An art specific of and motion:

tor proclivities. week closes with this hope:

"I trust that something Having or not them soon What Can You Do? to catch the interest turn up a will having them makes

tremendous difference of my boy."HAVE seen scores of boys dein the pursuit of sucOccasionally "things do turn * nied offers of fine opportunities

cess. Before entering up"but most men will set up a because of inadequate preparation

upon a particular more promising program if they—I know of practically no one

: a

334 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

in time you justwho at the end of a period of very estate—train long and thoroughly, in hand and

careful adequate training has not Lay a big foundation if you would must be recognized.

been able to capitalize oil his inerect a structure worthy your finest Try this analysis upon your vestment in himself. aspirations. performance of today:

Try this interesting experiment Have you really done today's

List the outstanding men in The fourth limitation is so tasks eminently well?

your state in representative fields subtle and yet so homely as to What have you done over and of against each escape scrutiny. Habits are among above your assignment? leadership—checkman his preparation. See what the greatest tyrants of our experiWhat have you done today credividends attach to complete trainence. We are bound down largely atively toward a bigger day?

ing. Great crowds of freshmen by little performances too unimHow many really worth while

storm our colleges for entrance. By portant to be proofread. Somethings have you pushed off with

the senior year how those crowds one has said "most men are kept but a hope for tomorrow?

have dwindled! How few men will small by the habit of looking for One thought gives assurance at

really pay the price of long years easy things."the close of this article. Whatof painstaking preparation. The ever your limitations in the matters

limitation of training is largely A LL of us are essentially lazy. of heredity, opportunity, training,

subject to your own control. In * We like to be comfortable. We and habits, you and I know full

the field of your choice what prepseek ease and satisfaction. Before well that we have not reached the

aration have the outstanding leadwe are aware, our lives are esmaximum possibilities within our ers in it given themselves? The sentially routinized. Tomorrow control. That slight margin, once

price they paid will bring you simrepeats today and leaves us subwe capitalize it, can lead us to ilar recognition, all other things stantially where it found us. Our new heights as yet never dreamed

being equal. habits are either our allies or our of. As a final challenge, set aside

little. all young men: Do today those terial such as you have never asvant—trainWould you remain a hired serhandicaps. This recipe I risk with fifteen minutes a day to read mafind that quarcan tasks well yet so Would eminently you secure a job—train allotted read—you a little busy more. you an hour however ter of of that your doing them prepares

Would you aspire to a profesyou to do greater things tomormay be-—and see what six months

sion or to the independence of an row. Reach out beyond the task will open before you.

IC>\)1- -< When Doctors Disagree <By <DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

of the Council of Twelve (From the "Millennial Star") QUR POOR UNIVERSE I delay the evil day. In short, Dr. acter, have the same facts of science

- The sun is giving out energy daily. Millikan says that this is a selfwind- at their command and agree upon

In a few million (or billion) years its ing, selfrepairing, deathless universe. them. It is with respect to their inferenergy will be gone. The other Day and night, summer and winter, ences that they differ, and in this case

heavenly bodies are radiating and losmay follow one another endlessly. the theories are diametrically opposed.

ing their heat; and in time they will be That is more cheerful.

misunderstandings Troubles and the sun. agebitten better off than no are to believe? These we Whom

facts, arise misinterpretation of from will universe run Then, down. The are both famous; both world men

facts if the themever from seldom /there will earth, and be no summer on first the experimenters rank, of both is true above, selves. as That, shown day, winter, night perhaps and no but honest Perhaps Millikan men. Dr.

just eternal twilight of even middlegives a clue in his address as retiring in science. It is equally true in religAfrican temperature, in the monotony president of the American Association ion or the philosophy of human conof which all life will perish. So warns for the Advancement of Science, deduct. Latterday Saints cling to facts,

theories accept caution with Sir British Jeans, famous James scienlivered last Christmas week. He says; and

all truth be of that should the method tist writer and lecturer. and brilliant

Sir prefers "If to one James hold seekers. for us that Well distant—I this question, another and on billion years of the view Saints religion of Latterday or so—but,the day isthink The say us nay. one can no one The grandchildren! facts, is built but powerful. few upon all thing of be quite which you may

There is a ray of hope! sure is that neither of us knows anyThe enumeration of the facts of "MorDr. Robert A. Millikan, famous thing about it."monism"must be left for another disAmerican scientist and brilliant writer cussion, but here is one: Joseph

is frank, comforting admisThat His and heard lecturer, and Smith saw God discovered has cosmic and is resion. honest opinion always An call Christ. Joseph's Jesus Son, was energy, sources rays, that of come

to it claims more. be no when indefinite one, within, from not an the spected, confines of the uttermost from

universe to replenish the energy that We need not follow either champion, but a definite one, from without.

fact is the the Reswhich upon radiation. set up another theory if we so That in the but by we lose Out

desire. is built. in evidence toration space, The of depths by means unknown

to us, the lost energy is assembled, conNote this: These two eminent, support of that fact is overwhelmverted, concentrated and sent back to honest men, of irreproachable charing.

Has the Desert Failed to Blossom?

Does Utah Lack Writers, Artists, Musicians, Thinkers?

By DR. J. H. PAUL

University of Utah n

of beautiful the most Joseph, facts that of of certain a transcript What Might Have Been Bible secin other narratives, and the reladirect bearing upon had

PHILOSOPHER has obtionsfiction ofnormanfable,to itDeity.was notNeitherwrittionsalso thatlike toit,manywe haveof theliterature;chapters

served: "The idea of what ten, as most other literature is, to of Isaiah, of Job, of David, the

ought to be, rises up from portray sex problems or to rethemes being lofty and the lanAthe bosom of what is."solve criminal puzzles, or to disguage majesty itself, the term litWe have seen, in the summary play mankind according to certain erature must be conceded; yet we

given in Part I, indications of types, as in the writings of Balzac, feel that the sacred writers did not what has come out of Utah as Thackeray, Dickens, Hawthorne. aim at producing literature. Their

literature and the fine arts. What, sole purpose seems to have been

under the circumstances, should Its Appeal to Mankind fitly to convey the truths they had have been produced? received. Makers of literature, on

figof readers, hand, other the by means to most phrase of neatness that ures of speech, we MOREOVER,* * the Hebrew writings The Literature of Israel have, the books of the Bible, are drollery of incident, striking cliHTO many thinking people the not especially interesting until after maxes, sudden transformations, idea will occur that there is inthe reader has arrived at the stage and other literary devices, have herent or apvioti probability in the of life thus described by the consciously aimed to produce a statements of Mr. Mencken and prophet: "My soul is athirst for work that should compel men to

Mr. DeVoto, that little or nothing God, for the living God."As sit up and take notice.

of intellectual merit have come out soon, however, as that degree of It therefore follows that though of Utah. Except in music, we development has been attained, Ancient Israel did fail to produce

least, as reshould perhaps expect that in the these scriptures, whether or not literature—such, at

original Utah of the "Mormons,"we term them literature, take chief ceives that title in the books just as among the people of Anplace in the emotions of the awakthey nevertheless produced what cient Israel, there would be a pauened soul. is greater than literature—greater permanent holdcity of the fine arts and of litThere can be no doubt, the because of its more

erary productions. For the early writer surmises, that in the story upon the hearts of mankind.

Children of Israel, notwithstanding their proclaimed and actual The Scriptural Bias superiority in moral and religious ideals and in modes of worship A ND so, the writer conceives, over contemporary nations, yet 'f* it may have been with what lacked poetry, music, and art. we term modern Israel, the people

They had a literature, highly of early Utah. To prove that

esteemed and carefully preserved. "we are of Israel"has been a leadBut it was not drama, nor oratory, ing aim of various Utah writers.

nor poetry, in the sense, for exThis was because they had, in good ample, that Greek literature was. faith, accepted that view. Whether,

Theirs was literature of a different as a matter of fact, that view was type, not mainly imaginative, but well or ill based, has no bearing

336 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

on the merits of the present arguhas not lacked plausible if mismisleads both himself and his imment. For when a poet of Israel, taken justification. Men who acpressionable readers into believing

ancient or modern, gives exprescepted Scripture literally thought that the dictates of the heart have sion to the genius that fires his they could prove, by passages that higher validity than those of reasoul, his utterance is more or less speak of the sun's coming up at son, conscience, and revelation. Inconfined to faithpromoting essays. dawn and going down at night, to this category fall Burns, Byron,

What he writes, however impresShelley, and, according to Elbert sive or poetic, may not be termed Hubbard, other great poets. Their

literature. And those who re-,* -. '!: romantic adventures he dignifies

ject his point of view and deny by the phrase, "loves of the imhis premises will scarcely be mortals,"but these vagaries of impartial critics of the merits genius have tended to set reof his product. Even ligious opinion against

though he is a true poet, the high arts which he is circumscribed by the seem somewhat relimits of what has been sponsible for them revealed, what sacred \ a mistake, of course, writers have approved, since history sets or what history has down with equal pen demonstrated. To prohow other great men

duce a readable or enhave been similarly tertaining story, he canunfortunate i n not give free rein to his affairs with wine imagination. His work or women.

may be eloquent, correct, Certain men of genius even magnificent, but it can have been given to drink;

scarcely break away from many of them, in recent times, the limitations of the revealed to tobacco, and a few to opium word. And if he ventures to all of which goes only to show

transcend these limits, his work, that people of high mentality are among his own people, is likely likely to go to extremes. Whatever

to be regarded with suspicion. that the earth is not round and genius does, it does with its might

Literature, on the other hand, that it does not revolve about the and while a brilliant mind or powis writing that aims to be as intersun. They opposed and perseerful intellect is not necessarily,

esting to any one as a good picture cuted men like Bruno and Galileo and indeed not often, associated show, touching directly the most for demonstrating the new astronwith some line or other of quesfundamental and primitive human omy to be true. tionable conduct, it has been so

emotions with stories of love, Certain moralists, moreover, with sufficient frequency to arouse crime, personal strength and dareven today, point out that the against men of genius generally, ing, suffering, and the dramas of fine arts flourish most in societies but especially against the authors particular lives. Only such mathat as a whole are decadent, or of imaginative literature, the susterial, it seems, has sufficient hold even corrupt and profligate. Anpicions of religious and overcon-

upon popular imagination to be cient Greece, Rome, Babylon, scientious people. Genius is no

generally accepted as literature. Egypt, and the great monarchies more errant than stupidity; but

Hence, if it were true that Utah has written of by Rawlinson come to it is set upon a pinnacle, so that its produced no literature, the explanmind as illustrations; and we redoings become widely known;

ation might be found in the fact call warnings by moralists and rewhile few people either know or that her writers have been busy ligious leaders against a too excare what commonplace men do in doing something that they clusive devotion to beauty, love, or fail to do in the way of ethical thought better than the producand romance, which are the favorand moral conduct.

tion of literature; they were enite fields of literature.

gaged in the work of the salvation Privileges of Priesthood souls. of The Lure of Beauty

HP HE teaching of the dominant

Of Theological Opposition ITHOUT question, the inChurch in Utah—that "the "spiration which these emopowers of heaven are inseparably

T UKEWARMNESS,opposition, to higheroftenlearnopen oftionsthedevelopfinest worksdo giveof riseart; todomanythey Priesthood"—isconnected with easilythe rightsmisconstruedof the

ing, especially in science, by the also, from the very fascination of to mean that to possess the Priestmore strictly orthodox portions the ideas with which they deal, hood is to be greater, in the sight of the community, has been noted tend to put the artists in danger? of heaven, than to be a Tennyson

as a fact of history by John W. To one who worships only the or a Dante, a Newton or a Galileo.

Draper in his "Intellectual Develbeautiful, especially when the form The fact, as the revelation itself opment of Europe"and by Anof beauty adored in this "rapt shows, that the bestowal of Priestdrew D. White in his "History idolatry"of the artist is the beauty hood is only the opening of the

of the Conflict between Religion of woman, love is easily held to gates to new progress, the beginand Science."This opposition be higher than duty; and the artist ning of unusual opportunity; also

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 337

that the mere possession of Priestis the playground of the devil truth than poetry in what Menckhood, apart from its due and unand that those who tamper much en alleges and DeVoto raves selfish exercise and application for with it are likely to be brought about), and yet showing that it the good of mankind, is an empty into intimate association with his has no such damaging effect as the honor, valueless to man and dissatanic majesty. critic imagines. The argument

credited in the sight of heaven When, therefore, men rail at might easily be taken to justify this is a truth that seems to have Utah for 'not having developed neglect of the fine arts by the peobeen less effectively inculcated than farther than it has in literature and ple of Utah, but I take no such was the idea that all excellence may art, they may be reminded that a position. Believing that what

be found in the functions of Priestsimilar denunciation can be hurled these critics say has some truth in hood properly exercised and fully against the early Christian church. it, and wishing that it were not

magnified. For Jesus wrote no plays, so, I yet feel that if they make

A result of this teaching may rhymed no verses, painted no use of this fact to attack the charhave been an undervaluation of, landscapes; yet as a dramatist, poet, acter of a people, they are in error.

perhaps a seeming contempt for, artist, he excels all other men. His Strong men, and good people, do

the great works of men who knew words were imaginative enough, not necessarily produce works of nothing of Priesthood and its though they consisted not in polart.

powers. I do not suggest that it ished phrases and rhyming coup- "Wherever you find,"writes

may not be safer in dealing with lets. They went straight to the MacDonnell, "a busy, orderly, and

the masses to emphasize moral and hearts of men, portraying the past, industrious people, the wheels of religious duty above achievements present, and future of the human their mills whirring, their anvils in art and science; I only say that race. Because of this aspect of ringing, their barns and stockthe result of such perspective may the character of Jesus, religionists yards bursting with the plenty

be to discourage zeal in the pursuit have plausibly but mistakenly juswhich their industry has produced, of human excellence not connected tified their abstention from aesthetic you may know that in all the with the rights of Priesthood. culture and the fine arts, mainsubstantial virtues you have here

taining that they were engaged in an eminent community. Though

invisible. things fine terms are things—the not applied to the New England, for Instance better the "For things that are seen,"qualifications virtues and of a prodeclares the apostle of marvelous early ductive people, they innecessar- must"THUS New England,

insight, "are transient; the unseen, tensely religious, ily possess of produced litthe much stuff of

tle that is outstanding in the realms eternal."But let us not overwhich heroes and heroines are

fact the look that the of work of literature fine arts. the it made."and while And unwould AbJesus, the of patriarchs prophand sorbed in their questionably still Bible be and better given if they

ets, even the of and reformers, to over the is produced also debating painters, of sculptors, mooted fine art, 'it differs though from theological poets, points, their and yet very lack the mere of painting, sculpture, literature; and theseschool does books ideas teemed inferiority. of not with prove

that and live to nobly heroic, the I heaven strive hell, to of and reach Christ a and stopping terrible, the the exalting of drama Satan, place in rectitude of this disobedicongenial and task; but

is life a greater art than merely ence. here, even I as evolved keenseek such They to conclude, to portray such characters. there reasonersminded as to come in Jonathan Edmind quick sucReligious communities have cession wards, the Utajh laughter rivaled has sighs and whom probeen to quick perceive the superiwith E. voked James by George Talmage D. and Pyper's N. The ority life of art; over and when- L. Nelson. Story of writers Their an were Playhouse; Old the ever a conscientious believes man to varied exclude thewont and enduring charms of nasatisfactions that has he the not time to write ture, derived scant and in had toleration for bygone years docfrom books also be a true and friend trinal fiction.romance or and historical Indeed, as expositions by or husband, a father, and exan Parley out, points P.Huxley Pratt, mediaeval most C. Heber Kimof emplar righteousness, he has ball,professors of revealed religion, Brigham havYoung, John Tayusually, and justly, no doubt prelor,ing persuaded George themselves that Cannon, Q. Joseph F. ferred live to rather than to write. Smith,what had been not revealed E. James Talmage, was B. H.

either untrue or unimportant, proRoberts, John Henry Evans; the

claimed against the study of naAdmission and Avoidance uncompromising theology of Josture, preferring eph Fielding to the Smith; temporary the rational line is of defense 'THIS a kind"the things fascinating and are that eternal. philosophy reFor of *- of apologetics that consists in ligionthe passeth world L. by N. the Nelson and away; gems from admitting the truth of whatlust is scores thereof; of but he Western writers that doeth of poetic I charged (for is there think morethe will fragments; of the abideth forever."convincing God logic of

able public speakers, whose name

Notions of the Middle Ages faithis legion;of the themasses—thesteady, enduringsinging,'THROUGHOUT the Middle working, praying, dreaming, upAges, it was easy for men who ward looking men and women,

looked only to Scripture for abamong whom, in even the most solute truth, to conclude from the remote of the settlements, I have passage designating Lucifer "the never failed to find both talent prince of the world"that nature [Continued on page 351]

Glancing, Tkrougjh.

Brief Reviews of Outstanding, Magazines

By ELSIE T. BRANDLEY

especially tolerance of others, and Manners Women, 1—Men, (with in crowds two exceptions Phelps Lyon By William

travelers in a rush (From the "Delineator")—mobs, and

hour). Much might also be said

about the good manners shown in people today, observkindness toward unfortunates, andMANYing the lack of formality animals. The manners and courexisting, believe that good tesy of today are born not only

manners have vanished, that young of increased consideration, but of people are rude to everyone. Is increased sincerity as well. Relathere sound basis for this idea? tions between boys and girls, men

Let us look about us, but let us not and women, children and parents, make the mistake of confusing a pupils and teachers, young and lack of elaborate formality with older generations may seem inforbad manners. mal, but they are sincere. The

Years ago college students wore chief difference lies in the absence impressive clothes, but were given of mere lipservice. Homage is

to greater dissipation than those rendered only to those whose mind of today. Professors were in tail and characters deserve it—and they

coats, with vast expanses of receive it most generously.

starched shirt bosoms visible, but Although true courtesy springs their chief concern was with discifrom within, it can be cultivated.

pline rather than anything else; It has its origin in a desire to give

every college professor was a pohappiness to others. Genuine

liceman. Now there is, obvious ly pessimist said, "The young peoChristianity should show itself

at first of all in improved mannersinformality on both sides—the ple of today have no manners

teachers appear in golf clothes, as all. If this goes on we shall rein tact, consideration and kindis courtesy butlikely as not, and the students in lapse into barbarism."But is not ness—for what

soft shirts and corduroys, but this too elaborate and formal courtesy loving one's neighbor as one's self?

very informality is the foundation a relic of barbarism? Native

of friendship. Respect and affectribesmen sat in solemn conclave, tion are sincere and mutual. extending grave consideration to 2—Social Insurance in

Except in clothes is there such a the silliest propositions. Consider America

great difference between 1831 and the age of chivalry, when elaborate By John L. Andrews

1931? We are informal, certainly, courtesy was a thin -veil for cynical Sec. American Association for

but perhaps they were then, too, contempt. The knight who proLabor Legislation.

and only the memory of their fessed to adore fair ladies, and who (From "Current History") stiff clothing leads us to think greeted them with the most prootherwise. Did an oldfashioned, found marks of respect, had under- A LMOST all industrial counformal wife who said to her spouse neath his studied devotion little * * tries recognize the need of

"The evening meal is prepared and real respect for them, and little safeguarding working people awaits your lordship's convenreason for any, in most cases. This against the major risks of modern

ience"convey any more love than formal courtesy between man and industry. The principle of inthe mere "Come along, Charley. woman has been replaced by the surance, the thinspreading of inEverything will be cold?"comradeship of the twentieth cendividual losses over the members of

Perhaps the increasing precioustury. One of the surest signs of a large group, has been applied by

ness of time accounts for decreasreal friendship and intimacy is the law to render the wageearner's life ing formality. In the 19th cenabsence of formality. Tennyson a litle less precarious in a civilizasickness finan- a menace, constant voicing without entire evening letters, for conan writeeveryone—totury there seemed to be leisure for and Carlisle once sat together for tion which makes unemployment a all too cial debacle age an and old that agreed and both politeness. a thought, prolonged versation, for

Now everyone is busy. Perhaps it was one of their most pleasant frequent calamity. It is estimated

the lack of superficial courtesy is evenings together. that at present in the world there

a sign of growth in civilization The growth of true courtesy is are 48,000,000 people covered by rather than the reverse. An eldershown in increasing good nature public employment insurance.

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 339

Compulsory accident insurance, mand for them is widespread. her, but she gets on our nerves.

and workmen's sickness insurance Twelve states (among them many We speak of her extravagance, her husband, her in managing Nevada, mistakes adopted. widely Most beenhave western states—Montana,

dress, her household; children and similar provisions Kentucky, Colorado,countries Wisconsin, make

against invalidism and old age. Maryland, California, Minnesota,, food and servants; her lack of all

these The United States, due to later Utah and Wyoming, and later sense of proportion—all

industrial development, has been New York and Massachusetts) things provide us with endless slower to establish these movehave made provision for aged deamusement and interest and a sense ments, but once started, they are pendents. Under the government of our own superiority. We are,

progressing rapidly. Compulsory retirement act of 1920 provision I believe, good Christian people

accident insurance for workmen will be made for public employees with a charitable outlook on life, has been established in all but four who retire because of old age. but it never occurs to us to discuss

states. Mothers'pensions and Along with the great progress my sister's largeness of heart, her

oldage pensions are almost uniin this line have arisen new probunselfishness, her social gifts and versal, and bills for unemployment lems and needs, emphasizing the her numberless other virtues. We

insurance are being introduced in importance of an adequate system only wonder why she is not more legislatures everywhere. Too, the of social insurance. Voluntary like us in the little things.

mounting costs of medical care are benefit funds, medical and hospital Isn't this relationship rather turning the attention of many toservice for employees and trade like that between England and ward sickness insurance. unions are all paving the way toAmerica? Of the same stock and

The first compulsory accident ward a general realization of the a once common outlook on life, insurance for workmen was inneed for such steps. The problem we have for so long followed difaugurated twenty years ago. Up of involuntary unemployment is ferent paths that our fellow feeling

to that time an injured worker or the one which appears to demand is lost in dissimilarities, and insohis surviving dependents had the serious and immediate considerafar as America is different from us sole recourse of suing his employer tion and action, it being, in this, we think she is wrong. We exfor damages, collectible only if the wealthiest country in the pect much from you because you

the employer were proven negliworld, a disgraceful blot on the speak the English language. What

gent. Failing in this the man and capitalist system. Just as the buris it in the American people that

his family were often thrown upon den of accidents has been shifted irritates us so profoundly? Pripublic charities, and even if sucfrom individuals and charities to marily in the average American's

cessful, the award had to be split industries themselves, so should the inability to see any one's viewwith what might sometimes be burden of unemployment be borne point other than his own, or to called "ambulancechasing lawby a like system of insurance. understand how there could be a

yers."This movement in the United viewpoint different from his. Hence

State after state has replaced this States is gaining momentum. his conviction of his own moral,

inadequate system with workmen's America is turning to social inmental and every other kind of sucompensation. At present about surance legislation as the most inperiority to the rest of the world.

17,000,000 workmen are protecttelligent method of facing ecoFor example: recently 102 of

ed by these acts, and something nomic evils which burden the presyour clergymen addressed a public like $150,000,000 annually is beent social system. appeal to the Prime Minister of

inof the familiesing paid men justice, accordBritain to do Great states also 3—An Englishman's or killed.jured Many of the ideals ing to Mr. Gandhi,

are cooperating with the governOpinion of Us to the oppressed inhabitants of ment in retraining industrial cripBy Geoffrey Layman India. At the same time appeared

ples who are no longer able to (From the Forum) in your news reports a violent their vocations. learnedfollow racial in Texas. hatred of outburst overheard who my A NYONE persons disabledNearly 39,000 outbeen have America would talking myself wife about and rehabilitated, beenhave and many if of so, a rightly raged, body and sister that imagine would we my process. the are inmore now addressed clergy the English had they loathed be would is paid, states insurance her—but where In the President protest a to public are extremely of wrong. fond We tois athere recognized movement concerning States the United of

ward reducing compensable accithe policy to adopt toward the dents, although the introduction negroes in your southland. But

of new machinery has created new the English would never be guilty hazards. Workmen's compensaof such a breach of international

tion, however, it is generally courtesy, for, apart from the fact agreed, has been a tremendous that we value good manners, westimulus in a preventive movehave learned that there are always ment. that sides a to question, and two There are only four states at one. the right ours not be maypresent without provisional penleftsions for and orphans widows

helpless of The War Debts death the premature by the husband and father. About HPHE American attitude toward

$30,000,000 per year is provided Britain's war debt is summed for family relief. Oldage penup in two statements—President

sions are increasing, and the deCoolidge's to the effect that Brit340 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

ain hired the money from the The Red, White and Blue

United States, and Mr. Mellon's Terror

tothat our payments you are more is in of the the mind offset the tothan payments by us 'THERE*"thinking Englishman toward alliedof debts reparaand German Americanism more apprehensiontions. these of statements Both

Bolshevism. than he feels toward true,are all the cover and to you

ground. are us they a To ludiTheis so Russiandifferent formfrom ofourscivilizationthat wecrously small truth. the portion of

Take the second first. While do not fear it. But in America

see a civilization arising, we danthe receipts due England would gerous because like it is so muchequal, exceed, but never her payour a yet vulgarization own, of

States, to thements United up ours. I that refer to the unByto date these fallen payments have

short $1,001,250 of the amount cultivated instincts of the herd, one symptom being the choosing ofshe has paid the United States, easiest the is thewhile from Germany U. S. of two alternatives rather than—theslipshodbetterreceiving full. reparations in In

careful rather than speech, supershort, of creditor the nations two ficial rather than painstaking allies, the is repaid in oneamong thought, strong rather subtle thanfull both losses loans, and and flavors, obvious rather than harthe other lent lost (which and monious ornament. The essentialmore) receives nothing.

We did hire the money during vulgarityin Americaof theis typicallycivilizationdisplayedarising the war. There was no time to in American lawlessness and mass

enter into the nice consideration production. The lawlessness has

of the contribution each ally was sprung partly from superficial to us,making. the question But habits of enacting thought—theof accounts depends the upon moof countless forced laws. inThe

tives in. which brought you Either evitable consequence of this (and

you because came considered you strict enforcement paralyze would a rule to he as exception wants an it a righteous war, or because you social your life) is and economic else. everyone enforced He uponrecognized fact if the that the that the individual citizens left are

a for himself votes he law whichCentral Powers you would won to choose which laws will they reto seems does obey, not andbe their victim, next or you obey, and to begin obey only it intolerable as that other gardthought all squeezed the you had those conflict which not do with not nations imshould conformprofit could you out neutrality, of their personal desires.

plicity to in attemptthat law; and youand to gain had more by comit enforce in the ing to United Mass production is <not vulgaring side. the in on If winning

the last was your motive, say so. States there has been perpetrated in itself, but is a bad thing to apply

principles of to mass production series of outrages U. S. offiby if theBut it was mor- a first—that spirit, is things of the as America cers subjects British against and ally right and your national securto do. the It makes for the high seas on inclined and onity demanded do not property we it—then suppression of individuality, and soil, your where Canadian lawunderstand sharp your distinction

as rise the cannot many binding. is not Can you woninasmuch dollarsbetween one on side and

to the level few, of the it brings thatblood and the we are irritated? other. If der tears on

inevitably the vulgarization the of cause our a was cause, common life mental spiritual and the of if is then to be money accounted Condescension American nation. is civilization aristoTrue for so strictly, of what blood?

cratic in the sense that the good hired your money, but gaveWe we life to things bear of hard spread downwards PARTICULARLYour men. You, with 110,000,- * is material moral your from the to the and few In many. population, lost000 116,000 the Because are condescension. England you France and manners, good we,men; with lost 43,000,000,

it originally richest in the confined nation world, to the genteel950,000. a Into cause common classes, are that the spread follow have most you every must through

we both gave to the utmost, and intelligent. Because your army in class. In the States good manners,

we feel that it should be regarded 1918 was splendid, you conclude even among the higher classes, as a contribution, not a loan to that your young people must be seemingly have ceased to exist.

be accounted for dollar by dollar, physically and morally superior to Yours is becoming a mass civilizaand drop by drop. those of other nations. It is right tion. It is the impact of these

that a nation should believe itself two, identical in foundation and

Prohibition better than others, but you make structure and so profoundly differso much noise about it. Much of ent in form and furnishings that

'T'HE question of prohibition is your grandeur is built upon our we dread. How long can beauty

* of course an entirely domestic losses and misfortunes; your army of form, of thought, of sound and

one, and no one's business but of 1918 was such a one as we taste hold out against standardized yours. But we see in it the Amerhad put into the field three years factory products, the yellow press

ican's tendency to regard himself before. and canned music?

Gift From God A JOHN RUSSELL TALMAGE Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

heap. It is no newer than the shining with a recently applied

others, nor better in material or coat of paint. Most striking of

the it is poorer construction, cleaner but is full all, the and yard of flowers-—

is historic and dirtierA,.MONGstreets of the neater in repair. and it large good red camellias, white and

French town of Orleans is the The green shutters have been freshdahlias of varied hues, yellow

Rue de Chene. * * * It is little ly painted and the walls newly marigold, purple pansies, softer

more than a dingy alley winding whitewashed; the roof does not tinted violets and even a few roses.

its way through a maze of drab sag and the doors are still in posHoneysuckle and hollyhock vines buildings, and its aspect is any session of their hinges. And the twine themselves about fences and

thing but pleasant or inviting with surroundings are in the same im over walls; evergreen shrubs and

its unpaved surface always muddy maculate condition; no refuse is bushes are strategically placed to

and the mossy walls at its sides visible, a trim gravel path runs preserve the appearance of horticrumbling away in the damp air. out to the gate, the gate itself cultural beauty even in winter

Approximately midway along the swings smartly on welloiled time, making it look for all the west side a court runs off which hinges, and the entire fence stands world like the typical cottage parais; for the most part, of even more staunchly upright and is clean and dise from stage or story. And

displeasing appearthe impression obance than the street tained from regarding itself. A slimy little the whole front of

path runs back for the court is that of some fifty yards, an "artificial"o r flanked by dirty "composite"picture, yards and poor in which the photohouses most of which grapher has cleverly look so old and dicombined two negalapidated that one tives to show some wonders they are able foreign object in a to stand. The gates, false background.

leaning at precarious angles, are rusty and bent; the yards are On the

full of old rubbish morning of the 24th and useless antique of December in the odds and ends; the year of our Lord

houses themselves 1827 * * * the last with sagging roofs, of the blooming broken windows, and flowers in the little crumbling dirty walls garden were fading looking like forgotaway. Anyone who

ten relics of past cenhad chanced to pass turies. Only the ocon this particular

casional sight of peomorning might have ple, usually as disrepseen a man at work utable looking as clearing away the their property, movdead flowers, preparing among the debris ing the beds for the serves to convince one winter's sleep, and that the mouldy piles trimming the everof stone are really green plants, now beused for human habicome the chief attractation. tion of the garden.

He was a man of some forty years, Oi'NE house, poor, as testified his however, stands out patched overalls and from the rest like a wooden shoes, but rose blooming in the "Now they talk about Cod and about Christmas. When they grow lot tle same brand

midst of a garbage older they'll learn that those ideas are just fairy tales, too."of poverty as were

342 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

toohis neighbors, as was shown by them. Tell me—have you

the immaculate cleanliness of become a Christian?"

those same clothes, by the clear "Oh no! Oh dear no!"his

tint of his complexion, the inwife hastened to explain, "of telligent gaze of his eye, and course I have not become a the orderly brisk movements of Christian. But I only thought

his body. A typical Frenchman that it would do no harm to

with dark hair, eyes, and bristbuy some little gifts for Toto ling mustache, possessing a high so he could be like the other forehead, long aquiline nose, boys."

and firm chin, he was obviously "You know that I should owner of the house and garden. never consent to anything of

After he had been working the kind, my wife,"the man for half an hour, silently the replied, "and yet every year it front door opened and a wois the same. But I have no

man appeared, she too belongfear; why, Toto himself is more

ing with the man and the house intelligent than to want to celefar away from the low surbrate such a foolish occasion.

roundings. Her countenance I'll show you. Toto!"he

was open and happy, her posshouted towards the rear of the ture firm and upright, her attire house where childish laughter clean and neat. and the barking of a dog gave

She smiled down at the man evidence of the presence of a before her. "How goes it?"boy at play, 'Toto! Comeshe questioned in the typical m&ffW.<ec here!"

patios of the region.

"All right, thank you,"he smiled back at her. "At this rate His house stands out like a cose blooming in Pattering foot-

I should be done this afternoon."the midst of a garbage heap. steps ran nearer and a moment

'It looks well, too, but then later a mop of curly [brown it always does. You are quite an what do we need to bring us out hair appeared around the corner

expert gardener, my husband. But of this, to put us back where we of the house. This was followed

so much for that; it is of other belong? Can their God do it? No! a moment later by a pair of very

things I wish to speak now."But money can. Money is everylarge, very dark, and very happy

I eyes, then a small extremely pug "Well, speak then,"he said as thing. 'Money is the only God

she hesitated. worship nose, rosy cheeks, and laughing

"It's about tomorrow * * * "But it is really not as bad as Hps to form a head which might and Toto,"she confessed. that,"the woman ventured timhave belonged to any Raphael

The man's face darkened and idly. "Even though we have but cherub. The head was set upon

she hesitated to continue 'ere he little money we have a nice home, the small body of a ten year old should speak. We have flowers. And can money boy, dressed in the black school

"Of course I don't want to make flowers grow? Perhaps God frock so typical of France. After

give him any wrong ideas, but does that at least."a moment of sly peeking around

with the other children receiving "God!"and the man spat disthe corner, the boy burst into a

toys * * * It has always seemed gustedly. "Our flowers come gale of laughter and skipped out

so hard on him."from him? From M. Herriot's into the open. A small mongrel

close scampered behind, play- a dog francs at two shop rather-—and fully at nipping child's heels. the

- seeds for makes Yes 'God Packet as will be tomorrow It three just bones found "Jumbo 1S it pronounced he been,"has always <g last spring, buried that he 'way is it, that does ZJZZJlthat and God God is finality. of tone a "Toto in cried the never papa,"boy, "he money!"fairy foolish learn to no going I I forgets anything. were wish she here,"are happy "Yet we Christis tales. tomorrow? What I like that. awful had an But is comgently, "our home said is Christsay. what But you mas, to time keep digging from him pretty, and it is even fortable; overcre- an when day mas? A the for yard looking whole up is than little more garden our birthcelebrates the dulous world more."it Surebeautiful. think a pretty-—I of a of and man; man who day

was nothing but a fraud. The ly that is something."

Son of God! And what is God "Something, but what?"and 1 HE man's eyes softwhere is He? In some fabulous, he punctuated his remarks with a ened tenderly and his features remystic heaven? No! He is right vicious snort before going on to laxed in a smile.

here on earth. Money is God! say, "Is it 'something', to be living "You had better keep him from

Why are we here in these filthy here in such a street? Is it 'somedigging up the whole yard,"he

surroundings, among these loaththing'to have living on our left scolded in mock severity, and then some neighbors of ours?"He was a man who dumps all his garbage grew more serious to continue,

becoming more and more heated as in his front yard? And on our "but I want to talk to you of

he continued, "Why are we here? right a family who have chickens something else. Toto, what is toBecause we lost our money! And and pigs living in the house with morrow?"

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 343

"Tomorrow?"Toto puzzled. as the child left, "it terrifies me. last she heard it click. She ran

"Why it is Sunday, isn't it?"I am so afraid of Gypsies."hastily out to the porch.

"Of course, but haven't you "Bah!"replied the man. "He "Toto?"she called doubtfully.

heard any of the other boys saying will be all right. Go in to your No reply save the slow crunchit is something else? Something work and -don't worry."And ing of feet on the gravel. Her

special."he whistled as he went back to his husband's form loomed up before

"Oh!"he curled his lip scornwork. her.

fully. "They say that it is Christ- 'You did not find him?"

mas. But I don't believe those "No."

fairy tales. They used to tell me l\S the afternoon shadows "And the Gypsies?—"

there were giants and goblins. began to lengthen the man working "Broke camp and left this

Now they talk about God and in the garden could be seen to cast morning."

about Christmas. When they grow frequent and anxious glances in The woman uttered a half

older they'll learn that those ideas the direction of the gate. But alsmothered cry of anguish and

are just fairy tales, too."though his glances became more clutched at the door for support.

The man smiled up at his wife, and more frequent and more and "I must inform the police,"the as if to say, "What did I tell more anxious with time, he reman decided wearily.

you?"and then turned again to mained doggedly at his labors un- "You haven't! You haven't

address the boy. til finally he stood up and surdone that!"she choked with ter-

'That's fine, veyed his finished handiwork. As ror. Toto—you'llgrow up to be a real man. You he did so the door of the house "No, not yet."

know more than all the other opened and the woman appeared. "Oh, you mustn't. They'll

boys, despite their myths and 'Toto not back yet?"she queskill him if you do that! Oh those

legends."tioned. awful Gypsies! My poor little To-

"Oh, papa, what is a christen- "No, but he will be any minute. to! My own little Toto! OZ?

ing? He probably stopped to play footmalheur! Oh quel malheurl—"

"A christening? Why—"'ball on the Boulevard. He'll be her voice broke in a sob and

"A christening, Toto,"broke home to dinner as he said he she threw her head in her arms in the woman, "is when they take would."But there was a trace and wept.

belied the reassuring words. his wife's shoulders. real name."youname—ainto a church and give you a of uncertainty in the tone which The man placed his arm about that "I wish you'd go and look "It is another foolish supersticourage,""Have he said with

tion,"amended the man severely. for him. I don't feel safe."an attempt at assurance in his tone,

'Yesterday the boys were tell- "Oh, he's all right. This "perhaps he has just gone fishing

ing me about being 'christened',"won't be the first time he's been with the boys."But in his heart

Toto went on, "and I told them late for dinner."he felt that Toto had not gone

it was just the same as 'naming.'"But those terrible Gypsies. I fishing.

*Jaques said he was christened tell you I'm afraid."

after a great apostle and Paul the The man tried to laugh it away, same, and they said that their but his laugh sounded forced, and OILENTLY they entered names mean all sorts of strange at last he consented, grumblirigly, the house together and silently sat things. Father, what does Toto to go. down in the dark. Hours passed,

mean?"When he had gone the woman punctuated only by the woman's

"It means that you have more tried to resume her work in the sobs and the man's deep heavy sense than any of them, for you house, but the work was frequentbreathing.

did not have to enter a church to ly interrupted by trips to the door. Suddenly her sobs grew louder

receive it, nor copy after some ficIn the end she gave up trying to and ended in a wail.

titious personage. But enough of work and devoted her whole time "Oh what can we do,"she wept,

that. Run along and play."and attention to walking nervously "what can we do?"

"Oh Father, there is a Gypsy up and down before the open "There,"the man comforted, camp down by the river. I want to portal. The dim light of the "you must not feel like this. He

go down and see it."winter afternoon became dimmer will come home tomorrow."

then left entirely and she cried "No, no, Toto!"the woand if he "And doesn't?—"could only sense rather see than "don't man, go near the Gypsies. "I'll notify the police!"the path and gate before her. I fear At them."

police! Not that. can The r"It am not afraid. Please let me do "Nonothing."There terror was real

'Toto is big enough to take in her eyes and in her tone. "The

care of himself, aren't you, Toto? Gypsies will kill him if they fear

But don't go too near the camp, they are suspected. Oh, I fear

and don't be gone long."them, I fear them. We have no

"I won't. Goodbye papa. need of police, we have need of

Godbye maman. I'll be home God."for dinner,"he shouted as he 'Yes, of my God—-money!"

tripped down the path. the man exclaimed in his habitual

"It terrifies me,"said the mother bitter vein, "with money we could buy him back. Yes, we need

1-Iaaues is French form of James. money, but we have none!"

344 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

The woman turned on him "Finally your mother stood up.

was shining moon fiercely. HE grief There T was grief—terrible borderthe plains on down in her eyes, but there was courage "No, it is not money that we brightly

the River Loire where a Gypsy said, defiance. also, there She and need, the ing need my husband. We rest. just to sinking Was camp failed ancestors of our 'The Gods in Heaven. le bon Dieu real God

Your philosophy was all right Most of the band were already me, and I called the white doctor;

when we had need of nothing sleeping in tents or in the open, the white doctor has failed me, to continued but one walk man I call the to going on and God am which the money tall tents. the a He was among cared Christians,'the she of and you now we nothingworship—butsave features, strong with swarthy need man a for the not whit band what something more. Something

which we are powerless to obtain dressed richly, but gaudily. All thought. She took a book, a small

to spoke him whom he passed rebook—I ourselves. for And now know spectfully, the for he Chief was "I have that book here now,"there for I need is a God, Him!"

the band. of said the he showing man, what that! of not "Think not Put his head walked with bowed He his in held hand. it is faith there, foryour vain,"his as in deep thought, hands and it is the same. "Yes, I remembercried is the "If there a man. God, clasped a at small worn book she the it well. opened book And to I believe me;show only Him alfrequently, he looked which it read strange words. and from I see!"he strode spoke hewhat As it readfor too though dark was ears, were, to Strange, they our to closed a and opened window ing. times paused for he long At all for simple but wonderfully it flung the shutters. and back the gazed at and moments up their strangeness, beautiful and A ray of dazzlingly bright light moon and stars. Then he went their simplicity."in

from the came streaming moon in, pacing slowly on, his head again the of "I remember some atfalling the man's feet, though in thought. bowed softly, chief words,"spoke the

the moon itself was not visible. 'You have much to think about, "and they are all written here in

theAt same moment the bells of Devil's the voice came of Horn,"the little book. They began, 'Our'cathedralthe chimed melodiously. a tent from which an old woman art Father which in Heaven—'

The effect was so unexpected he was passing. "Yes, the same. Your mother

and so startling that both stood The hard features relaxed in a said that she was praying. And

for the moment petrified. The smile. her prayers were answered, for

woman sank to her knees, tears "Yes, mere Nannette, I always that night you were better, and streaming from her shining eyes, do on this date. For it is just the next morning you were well."

"See!"she cried, "it is a sign thirty years ago tonight that I was "My mother often told me that

from God!"saved from death. Of course I was I had come back as a gift from

just a baby nothing, so I remember the Christians God of God—the often told mother but my me of it I and that some day should give

alive."she when was in return something which would effort made an man HE I it myself,"saw "And mused T be pleasing in the sight that of off spell.to the shake prepared to He the it old see "I can woman. God."speak, the but arrested words were a you, babe, now, tiny laying 'You to well would follow doat his the Hps of by sound music there whimpering, that prinand advice, her Devil's for she Horn, filled air.which suddenly the The cess your wailing mother over you a learned was a great and womansound might have that been of as the wise of the men band and princess."angels singing as unseen some band the even white doctor were powerafter "Yes."a r pause, And "Yes filledof carolers the night with less aid to you."I shall follow her advice. Thankharmony. said chief "Yes, it the softly,"mere you Nannette, have you to in "Glory the Highest! it that God thus was told mother my helped greatly."mePeace on earth, good will towards to me. Go on—

men."The man stood as one transHiLE arose and walkedfixed. Slowly his hand sought 0GT to another tent at the other side

that of his wife, and finding it, of the camp. An old man, sitting

clutched it tightly. He sank to at the entrance, rose and bowed

his knees beside her, his eyes turned respectfully, but spoke no word.

ever heavenward. Devil's Horn lifted the flap, and

"Pray!"he commanded hoarseas he did so he heard the stifled

ly, "pray God for assistance sobs of a child. Walking over,

And for mercy."he gently raised a small boy from

"Our Father, which art in a pile of rags on which he was lyHeaven,"she began hesitantly and ing and carried him outside.

He calmed the lad's sobbing asbetween sobs, "Hallowed by thy best he could, finally and he spoke. I have Oh,name. Thy—thy—

is "What your name, so longforgotten it. It has been

forgive child?"—so long—But, oh, God! mv

us for having forgotten Thee. And Toto looked up at the man and

give us back our little Toto! We felt less afraid. The man waslove him so—We love him so—[Continued on page 3 71]

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE A\j] What Now?

enthusiasm with which as was presented in the recent course. ing destroyed. One is tempted toTHEchoristers and organists of all The Church Music Committee will ask if the result really warrants the

organizations responded to the welcome suggestions from stake and effort? Credit is due singers and players

invitation to the recently completed ward workers, answering such queswho are sincerely desirous of contribclasses sponsored by the Church Music tions as these: Could your choristers uting something to the worship of

Committee is proof that these workers and organists be brought together at the Saints, and they are entitled to are deeply interested in their callings. a central point in sufficient numbers to our gratitude for thetir willingness.

Helpful and fine as the course was, justify one or more persons coming Such unselfish people do much good.

it is to be regretted that it could not to you for six lectures on the fundaBut looking at the matter from reach a larger number of wards and mentals of music and their application the larger viewpoint of genuine worstakes. The Committee realizes that to Church music? Would such a course ship, is it not possible for the muevery chorister and organist in the to be held in the evening or during the sicians to bring their offering in such

entire Church should have the help day? The Committee is of the opin- a manner as to make of it truly an

of such a course. The problem under ion that most stakes could bring their item of worship? It is, and this isconsideration now is twofold—-How music workers together for such a what should be done. If they would

can the same kind of assistance be purpose, but the stakes themselves can do only two things much of useless taken to all wards and stakes? and determine this and furnish the Comand unnecessary disturbance would be

what can be done now to perpetuate mittee with suggestions along this line. eliminated, and they would make their

in wards and stakes the start which In the meantime the matter is under part of the service more enjoyable, and was made in the course? consideration by the Committee and remove much cause for criticism. If

Reports have come in that in many it hopes to be able to work out somethey would enter the meeting on time wards and stakes there is already an thing that will bring some help to and in the spirit of the occasion, and improvement in the music; the presidthose who were not in the recent would do their part where it is

ing brethren in many cases feel that schedule. planned to have it in the program

the music leaders are taking a higher and then remain till the dismissal, they responsibilitiesview of their have and discovered of and improved new ways And Also They Worship shipwouldtofitsayintothetheleast,atmosphereand theofpeopleworconducting the work, with a conse- /""\NE of the general authorities of and the Priesthood would feel that quent higher efficiency. The Church -s the Church asked recently why they had some interest in worshipping

Music Committee urges that all chorpersons who furnish music numbers God on their own account. Of course,

isters and organists exert themselves in our services so frequently withdraw it is recognized that there are occato put into practice the material profrom the meeting as soon as they have sions when exception must be made, jected in the lectures, that wherever rendered their part of the program. but it is safe to venture that more frepossible the union meeting program be The query led to an observation, and quently than otherwise the procedure

made in accordance therewith, in order it will have to be admitted that oftener is the result of carelessness and thoughtthat a policy of Church music be than otherwise, these persons do leave lessness.

laid in the ward and stake. Of course the meeting before the services are If the service of worship is to be

this must not interfere with instrucfinished. There is the common reason in the highest degree beneficial everytions from the various General Boards that their services are asked for and thing as far as possible that is exwith respect to the specific activity ot promised in two or more places for traneous and artificial, and above all,

each, but should take on the character one meeting time and in order not disturbing, must be kept out. If the

of a training class for the ward muto disappoint one congregation they musicians of the Church will give this sicians, and it is recommended that must sing and get away. Desirable consideration and think it over, not as

young prospective musicians be invited as is their offering and unselfish their musicians, but as Latterday Saints and called, if necessary, to take part service, the practice results in a diswho are for the time being worshipin such class. Only in this way will turbance in both instances. Frequently ping with their offering of music, much

it be possible to carry over to the they must upset a program that has calm meditation and peaceful reverwhole organization of the Church the been planned thoughtfully, with careence can be brought into our services, suggestions and helps that were preful attention given to continuity and of which now in the very zeal of our sented in the lectures just finished and sequence, and their offering becomes good intention we rob the people.

make them lasting. The Committee merely a performance instead of what They also worship who play and sing,

is now working with the problem of it was planned to be, an integral part for the Lord has said so; the best

making such a course permanent, but of the service, where, if given as prowe can give, in the best way we cannothing in detail can be announced at grammed, it would enrich the whole give it, at the best time—that is our

present. service. privilege.

The other question—that of taking The second appointment is made

consideration under this and entrance, tardy some here by again andsuch—is a course to stakes farther removed late, the whole meeting is disturbed Suitable Organ Music requests to numerous for will be devised the to doubt givemeans no whole upset, program be must and the Intitlesanswer pieces of books and of organ

districts assistance spiritoutlying the such some continuity and of the meet- [Continued on page 362]

PRIESTHOODAll Melchtzedek Priesthood material is prepared under QUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

/"""V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. "-v

In the Realm of Quorum Activity

Introduction to the new Pdestforce |for good; but until recently is offered merely as a guide in this

hood Manual being published unpart of this force (the quorums of forward looking quorum movement.

der authority of the Council of the Priesthood) has been left,unIts purpose is to emphasize the rethe Twelve Apostles. utilized. The quorums are a mighty lationship of the quorum to Church

potential power for good. The procedure, and the responsibility of the

clarion call for the present production, is is to personnel. turn group an age of mass to improve its ownTHIS

interests. this potentiality actuality. into of Subthen, combination end in view, With this of quorums

Great corporations, as well as individmitted, herewith, is the number of are invited to give careful consideration ual firms have learned that cooperation organized Priesthood groups in the to the following:

is more profitable than competition. Church as reported at the close of 1. Church Duties and suggested

Consequently, in the financial world the year 1929. Picture in your mind Projects

it stores, the chain what chain to hear of wouldtoday, Church mean we 2 as appeals Fundamentals all to and combinaunder mergers and come railway who mightbanks. the for and s iritual Progrfs MqThree influence if thereof, business trusts. a result these every one oftion of As 3 Relation to other c f Quorums

if effectively, functioned groups years thought everyleaders ago a few who Ecclesiastical Groups even one the height today approached of thousands of in hundredsonly j 4 Welfare persona TopicsP efficiency! billions. quorum inthink Qrder of % ekher for procedure seized group also has upon Crime Priests High in Church or 17,769 Group Activity Weekly Quorum

. the to advantageousaction as more Seventies Quorums Meeting. 183

its deeds. nefarious ofaccomplishment Seventies 10 741

topics will These subdivisions with orhas entrenched strongly soIndeed, Elders'Quorums 484 furnisl1 matter material and upon vice that lawabidingganized become Elders 47 652 "the which committees working largest least three the may at in ofcitizens {ests pr 22178 e ***** recreports ma and monthly S. incities the been have A. com- U. Teachers 20324 the However, scope safety, ommendations. interest public the in ofpelled, 34'Deacons 6 14

f f WOr should citizens'leagues committees organizedto combine.k?* Aaronk Quorums'prVthood"2.366 the circumscribed these sugofficers, by in orlaw-enforcementwith s \yard 930 "Local and pro-?<* the public the to protectder from tPJs-, 75 ti lndependen7B7anches

jects take df should precedence genof gangland. ofdepiedations

If group action and affiliation of It is indeed gratifying to report era themes, groups bring desirable results in fithat 1930 established the highest recThe fact to keep ever in mind is nances; if crime finds strength in conord in quorum activity in the history that there is always ample material

certed gangland activity, will not the of the Church. Wideawake, able in the field of quorum activity to

moral and spiritual forces in society quorum presidencies who caught the occupy, profitably the time and attenachieve much greater results in rightvision of quorum possibilities and tion of officers and members at each eous endeavor, and in efforts to combat blazed the way into the sparsely culweekly meeting.

evil, if they, too, combine forces and tivated field of group activity, merit By stimulating group activity and move as groups, and combination of commendation, their example is worthrough that, individual efficiency, let groups. thy of imitation. us all unite in determination to make

For over a hundred years the Lord This second series of suggestions, 1931 the banner year thus far in has had in his Church, just such a "In the Realm of Quorum Activity,"quorum achievement.

Cultivating the Highest Virtue

Extract from Conference Sermon of Elder David O. McKay, April, 1914

UTHER once said: "Count it There are, approximately, six thousof these teachers of the quorums are

*-'one of the highest virtues upon and such officers and teachers in the also ward teachers, so the latter canearth to educate faithfully the children quorums; over one thousand teaching not be counted without duplication,

of others which sofew, and scarcely the high priests; over fifteen hundred Neither does the number 56,000 inany, do their own."The obligation teaching the seventies; over fifteen elude the vast army of men and boys

of teaching is placed by the Church hundred teaching the elders, and so on who have been ordained to the Priestfirst upon the parents. Fathers and to the priests, teachers and deacons, hood, and every one of whom has the

mothers are accepted absolutely as making a total of over six thousand responsibility of teaching his fellowteachers and the responsibility thereof officers and teachers. With them men. If you include all who hold the

has been placed upon them by divine should be numbered the thousands Priesthood, and young men and young command. But beside these there is an * * * associated with the * * * women in the Relief Society, the Sunarmy of men and women, and boys Relief Society who, too, have day Schools, the Mutuals, the Primary,

and girls, who have accepted the rejoined the ranks of teachers. Indeed and the Religion Class, you have an

sponsibility of teaching. In the the last report shows that there are army of over one hundred thousand

Priesthood quorums alone the number over fiftysix thousand officers and teachers who have the privilege of runs into the thousands. Among teachers in the various auxiliary organiworking or taking upon themselves

these there are selected not a few thouszations of the Church, not including what Luther calls "the highest virtue and to act as instructors of the youth. the ward teachers. Of course, some upon earth."

MUTUAL MESSAGES

] executive Department General Superintendence General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

47 East South Temple Street George Albert Smith, Ruth May Fox,

R. Richard Lyman, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. LucyClarissaGrantA. Beesley,Cannon, J. Ballard, Melvin

33 Bishop's Building Secretary: Executive SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SecretaryElsie Hogan A. Kirkham Oscar

beautiful nothing that to think speakers on each of stop might have AprilMay Program You to life until folks began into came subjects: or kindred the following

THEreachedmassparticipationits completion in theprogramstake WhatTheI Scriptures,get by reading play?voices onlyThe asprimitivethey shriekedmen usedin theirfear,

rage, but with bellowed help, for Biography, cried these two and days honorand ward began a little they life had eased when the goals Poetry, of onefine events marked sang voice. the They with to play History, work.of our year's comes songs; all music folk songs, Drama. love during the two months now But

before us, the interest and activity in What joy I get from from the play impulse.

the M. I. A. should be maintained Religious service, Primitive religion was also crude.

in the same high degree. Temple work, It was a magic way of getting rain,

A fine series of halfhour programs Nature, raising crops, winning wars, defeating is suggested and outlined in the FebMusic and art. demons, but when the understanding

ruary Era, preparation for which Let each speaker make it so interestof spiritual life deepened, men began doubtless has already begun in the ing that someone else will be inspired to play with religion. They rejoiced

departments. Executives, however, to do the same thing, or other things in the Lord, sang sacred songs, danced

will wish to give these programs their for the sheer joy of doing them. and built beautiful temples and like

personal supervision so that each prethe Hebrew Psalmist, "went up to as posexcellent as shall be sentation is Recreational Ideal Thatthe sanctuaryis to sayand theykept werehis holyreligious,day."departments in the sible. Initiative

had to be. but bethey because the programs but to lovely, not be encouraged virtuous, there is anything F T

it. they loved cause will there so that * be planned should praiseworthy, report or or of good

be sufficient variety to hold the inwe seek after these things."It is play, wholesome recreation,

terest of the entire association until When we have a task we wish to that catches us on the rebound when the closing of the season in May. accomplish, a condition we want to sorrow or tragedy has forced us to

attain, or any purpose at all we form the brink of despair; recreation, the

Suggested Program for the awhichmindconceptis called anof Ideal.the thing desired, wagondon't "hitch""hitchedit totosomethinga star."it Ifwon'twe

Sunday Evening Conjoint When the architect builds a house go. The "ideal"is the "star."The

Meeting for May he draws his plans which the workmen philosopher has said, "For real living are supposed to follow. The ideal is we need beauty and knowledge and

books pictures is responand there is no plan. soul's ideals, Where the we need

dance and development, there song ideal, music, Joint is no no and we need THEsibleAdultfor theDepartmentSunday Evening

Meeting in May. progress, no attainment, but one drifts, and games, we need travel, adventure

The following is suggested: and usually degenerates, just as the and romance. We need friends and

The L. D. S. Ideal for the Month workman without a plan could make companions and the exchange of

is "Recreation."no house, but only a heap of stones. minds, minds touching minds, soul

The M. I. A. Slogan, "We Stand When the ship leaves port the captain enkindling soul. We need contact

for Loyal Adherence to Latterday knows where he wants to go. To with all that has been said and

Saint Ideals,"Recreational Ideal. (See the soul the ideal is as the ship's desachieved, through the cycles of time

paragraph following). tination. by the 'aristocrats'of human mind

Select songs that will fit in with Living is good plain physical exand hand and soul."

unfun istence. is not much Living living. the joy of this ideal or express play spiritualize by our us So let

for. to live has something is less one adults for ideals recreation ideal leisure with time filling The our

the thing that fits in with their regular Most of us are just learning how to and though we may never reach them vocation and balances it. Thus for live. Bread is the staff of physical let them keep floating on and on bestaff spiritual of is the an aim the of us our avocation becomes our life; reached never sailor most The recrefore. staff of is the an ideal life; and recreation. a north star without yet north star,

A delightful program could be fitted ational life. he would never have come to port.

instinct know we Godgiven ten eight or Select idea. By this around

is clean and recreation ideal The eat, and to sleep, to to work fondness particular a how have people who the having gay, let be so us beautiful, a us of how know few only pray, thing but the of outside for something happiness smiles and to put courage play not do play. to living, Those who their and earn they which by Refor life looking upward into by play will not are young they five what tell minutes when in to each ask

he gets out of that particular thing when they are old. Did you ever creational Meals.

348 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

for the honor of being queen of the ball. ballot, Elimination was by

votes being the given with purchase DOT.

: a ticket of dance additional ones and COaWaVVU=== CommitteeN ITYttCTIVITtr sold outright. the o'clock 10:15 At

J. Ballard, Melvin Clarissa Beesley, A. Chairmen; E. E. Ericksen, ViceChair- C. Emily Adams,

C. Iverson, men; Heber Taylor, H. John Jos. P. W. O. Robinson, Smith, Don Wood, J. Spencer voting ceased and the one having the

Cornwall, Charlotte Stewart, Elsie T. Brandley, Katie C. Jensen, Evangeline T. Beesley, greatest number of votes was declared

Ethel S. Anderson elected. A triumphal march was then

formed, headed by the herald, who blew blasts from a golden trumpet, and two little pages bearing the crown

Motion Pictures upon a pillow. Then came the queen

elegantly robed in green velvet trimmed

Current Needs of the success can be easily repeated. What in fur and gold cord, and carrying

really will roses. the determine future of yellow She followed was by Audience special picture her trainbearers is the family the eight amount other and (From the Motion Picture Monthly) the consistent of continued queens support and her attendants, who became

CONVERSATIONS leading producers havewith indicatedvarious givenof thistocharacterthe half duringdozen best1931.pictures thesewho hadbeingparticipatedfollowed byin thethe demondancers

that most programs will be made up stration of the waltz.

definite with relation to the special List of Pictures M. Buckley.

current needs of people. the American (Previewed and endorsed by public—S.

Although psychologists have for some groups) time pointed out that the imotion Cohens and Kellys in Africa Gunnison Stake

Fast Loose and picture, furnishing by psychological Ball Gold and Green the was 1 HE the Leader 'T Follow release millions, to stems the tide ** of social big event for the Gunnison Wild Going care worry fretting and and which stake this year. the Lightnin'support With

might otherwise swamp a troubled The Lottery Bride of all the ward organizations we sponworld, the year 1930 brought to moMan to Man sored a very successful affair.

tion pictures the greatest opportunity New Moon The hall was decorated with flowers

Princess the and for this service it which ever has exbutterflies, Plumber and in the colors, A. M. Silver Horde The perienced, the and producers are conto represent a garden. the stage OnI. Accordion Joe scious the that public's at the mood were seven flowers swings with and Cimmaron outset of pictures 1931 demands that butterflies arranged to carry the out Another Fine Mess

are an antidote for the serious tone Dublin and Nearby garden effect.

of the times. In some studios this High Steppers Each of the seven wards selected

means that comedy will take first place Henry Santry and His Soldiers a queen and planned an introduction

Into Morocco in the year's it plans. not does But her. for gave the This wards a chance

in It Happened Hollywood course, mean, that of realdrama and for individuality a interesting and very Jolt for General Germ ism have place no proper the year's on result. the program was Modern Madridprogram. the contrary, genuine On judges, Seven one from each ward, One Good Turn

release the from realities unpleasant of in voted the for Oswald Africa of queen queens. This

every day life comes to many only Oswald in Alaska honor went to the queen from Clarion through drama that is gripping in its Oswald in Mexico ward. After the crowning of the

Par and Double Par realism. success of The Saw- "Tom queen of queens, escort for each'an

at Peep Peking A indicates yer"that occasion picon a queen, entered stage the joined and Scotch Balls High ture dual with appeal to children and with in a them march. grand So Quiet the on Canine Front will be wellgrownups received by exhibition the of the Soldiers An Gold and of Fortune

public. It does not prove that this Tom Sawyer Green Centennial Waltz, by couples,

from each ward, was also a feature:

Gold and Green Balls of the program.

Burley Stake

sixth annual celebration the ofTHE I. A. M. Gold and Green Ball was

held in the Arcadia pavilion, Wednesday night, Jan. 21. The house was

elaborately decorated in colors of gold and green on walls and ceiling. A

throne was arranged about midway along the east side, where the queen of the evening held her court during the dancing of the Gold and Green

Centennial Waltz, the contest for the

Church this year. A refreshment

booth was cut off in the north east corner, and here during the evening delicious orange /punch and wafers were served.

The attendance was exceptionally large. Nine queens, representing the

various wards of the stake competed, during the early hours of the evening. Queens and Escorts

Gunnison Stake Gold and Green Ball

Era Workers Make Outstanding, Record

9 Francisco 74 San directors of Era and PubHollywood

William K, McComas, Golda Lilya J. Edgar Nelson, Melba PrattTHElicity, the with splendid 120 San Juan 103 Hyrum

cooperation of the stake presiOscar J. Hendry, Irene Hutton Guy R. Hurst, Mrs. Elizabeth Halls

dents, bishops, and auxiliary organizaIdaho. Vera Higgenson, Leslie Stewart.,77 San Luis 75

tions, have established, and are conIdaho Falls 75 Lazelle Jones, Irene Mclntyre tinuing to establish, a wonderful Milton H. Brinton, Edna Brinton Sevier 73

record in the Era work for this year. Juab, Harold Belliston, Mable Sperry 73 H. D. Christensen, Olive P. Anderson

Jensen 69 Sharon, Colvin, Harold Juarez Anna 85This is particularly true in view of the

Shelley 7 F. Enos Wood, Skonsen Wilmothfinancial depression through which Ritting, Nellie the Kanab, Rudolph F. Gutke Fowler, Elva Mace M. 100country has been passing. Snowflake 1 Kolob 7

The Improvement Era, the PriestFloyd Miner, Fanny Rowland John W. Fulton, Jennie M. Butler 8

hood organizations, and the general Lehi 79 South Davis 94 boards of the M. I. A. wish to thank Howard C. Evans, Mary F. Smith D. C. Winn, Alta Stevens

and to congratulate all who have been Lethbridge. 77 South Sanpete 68

Nielson, Glen Virginia J. Llewellyn, Lund Mildred Harveyactive in this year's campaign for the

Sevier South Liberty 66 64splendid they work have are done and Nielsen, L. Louise Randall Charles Redford Blanche F. Soloman, Bowerscontinuing to in do behalf of the Star Valley Secrist, 63 Logan, Wallace Simpson94 RuthImprovement Era. Lester Button Barrus, Rachel Angeles Los 83 M.

Following is a list of stakes, the Louis G. Garrett, Winifred Garrett Summit, Lyle Richins, Meda Toone 5

percentages of their quota to March Lost River 71 Taylor 96 15, together with the names of the John C. Toombs, Vida Nelson Elwood Price, Velma Meldrum

chairmen of Era and Publicity: Lyman 1 107 Teton 1 10

William Gibbs, Margaret J. James Gerald J. Jeppson, Clara Lenkersborfer

Alberta 8 Malad, Leslie T. Foy, Vera Vaughn 76 Timpanogos 96

Heber Jenson, Ora Williams Maricopa 1 04 Lafayette Wright, Sytha W. Johnson

Alpine \ 13 George Goodman, Virginia Clark Tintic 74

J. B. Parker, Mary A. Olsen Millard, Edgar Turner, Beth Kenney.55 Harold V. Potts, Mrs. David Larsen

Bannock 9 Minidoka 1 6 Tooele 6 2

Floyd Smart, Nellie Johnson J. O. Freeman, Myrtle Freeman Lyman Fawson, Eva Arbon

Bear Lake 97 Moapa. 1 3 3 Twin Falls 52

Woodruff Stucki, Mrs. Jennie Brown Jessie Whipple, Afton Whitney Delbert E. Harris, Bertha Miller

Bear River 53 Montpelier 1 1 Uintah - 6 7

P. W. Christensen, Geneva Richards Charles Lindsay, Blanch Kunz Leonard Perry, Jean Merkely

Beaver 4 8 Mo rgan 8 2 Union, Elmo Clegg, Julia Hiatt 162

John C. Carlyle, Vie Smith Glen Dickson, Julia Anderson Utah, Reece Bench, Fern Cluff 74

Benson 8 Moroni 5 2 Wasatch 8 5

Floyd Tibbetts, Lulu Hauser Ralph A. Thatiker, Filanda Allred Paul Kuhni, Annie L. Clyde

Big Horn 74 Mt. Ogden 64 Wayne, Erban Hanks, Amy White 27

Frank Brown, Zelpha Tippetts Ira J. McKell, Eula Waldrom Weber 6

Blackfoot 84 Nebo, Wells Cloward, Edna Snow 59 Paul J. Bingham, Mae Bramwell

Var O. Buchanan, Maude Robbins Nevada 9 West Jordan 9

Bla ine. 6 4 John J. Stastny, Mrs. Drusilla Sorenson Claud Abbott, Nona Jensen

Clive Cooper, Vera Adamson North Davis 84 Woodruff 83

Boise 100 Delbert E. Lamb, Bertha Williams Robert G. Marshall, Elise Norris

Lorenzo Jensen, Elva Labrum North Sanpete 59 Yellowstone 107

Box Elder 80 H. W. Peterson, Mrs. Earl H. Seely W. R. Humphrey, Mrs. D. H. White

Jesse W. Owens, Esther Cluff North Sevier 46 Young 6 3

Burley...'. 8 Karl Stott, Varna Johnson William I. Brady, Eva Burnham

Glen Hunter, Jane Nielson North Weber 86 Zion Park 106

Cache, S. N. Daniels, Bessie T. Pack105 Samuel Hadley, Mrs. Mabel G. Thomas Homer Englestead, Mrs. Lyle Sullivan

Carbon 47 Ogden, Angus E. Berlin, Lulu Childs.96

J. Willard Harmon, Wanda Harmon Oneida 79 Stake President Walter K. Barton,

Cassia 6 9 Carl Bennett, Mrs. Anna G. Palmer reporting Franklin stake over the top,

Oquirrh 45 E. Rosetta A. Warr, B. Robinson a realized that writes: we had "We Elsine Fred Barker, Nielsen M.Cottonwood 63 because season, this of problem 8 big Palmyra Cloyd P. Brown, Nichols Ruby

financial conditions conthe strenuous Jacobsen, Gardner Grace C. M.Curlew 1 04

James Palmer, Anna Eliason Panguitch 70 fronting our people and that we would

Deseret, June Black, Dora Sanderson 86 J. Earl Allen, Iletta D. Reid need the right start to go over. The

Duchesne 63 Parowan. 76 move was begun by the Stake PresiHoward Moffat, Mrs. Marion S. Shields Glenwood Froyd, LuRee Gardner dency first subscribing, then followed

9 5 PioneerEast Jordan 95 the subscription of CounHigh 100%

Wells Mrs. Hopkins, James James M. E. Pearson Fairbourn, Laura Alma cil, Patriarchs. Stake Clerk and The

1 Pocatello 15Emery 74 the in a Bishoprics meeting with ward Sessions Christensen, Carl C. Magdalen Jesse Moffitt E. Tuttle, Mary C. that they Presidency voted Stake would Portneuf, Olsen, Dewey 77 Heber Vera 9Ensign

Albert Merrill, Merle Pettegrew Raft River 94 also subscribe 100%. The matter

Franklin 135 Samuel H. Shaw, Helen Kelsey was then referred to our Stake M. I.

Spencer Felstead, Anna G. Palmer Rigby 74 A. Boards with a recommendation that

Fremont 108 S. R. Wilkinson, Ella May Lemon they subscribe 100% before going to

J. Austin Watts, Jennie Waldren Roosevelt 69 the ward workers. This method

Garfield 44 C. Elton Mower, Effiie Jacobs brought all wards over the top in a

St. Bessie Pratt Atkin 80 Smith, George, King, Rosie L. Clyde Roundy a required one, which except week,

St... JohnsGranite 49 83 little attention from and more work E. Pratt Overson, Louise Udall S. Nelson, Eva Lindquist Joseph

I. the Stake Bishopric the from and M.. St. Joseph 108 5 1Grant

carorganizations. was work A. The L. Florence Taylor, Talley H. Miller, Harriet P. Kalmar Austin

Gunnison 75 Salt Lake 62 ried out in all wards in concerted

Paul Park, Amanda Fjeldsted Lester A. Seare, Elizabeth Mason action by the Stake Boards."

350 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

Each ward selected their own inIt aroused a great deal of fun, and signia for the evening and the stake caused comment on the Gold and Green

M. I. A. Board members wore badges Ball.

skit, third a little Tuesday, in the Gold and Green colors. For the FURNITURE ] the written of one of the members by

caused on. Stake Board, This put was Stake Carbon

feeling, as and amusement good much of Beauty and advertising the well as Green and Gold are details of our sending you

Ball. WE Ball, because Green and Gold Charm Should j in respects it was we think many In the matter of the selection of

unusual. We had a record attendance the Queen, which was based upon the Characterize Your of slightly over one thousand, due, increased attendance at Mutual, we were

Home perhaps,plan of advertising.in part, to ourForrathereach uniqueof the successfulpercent ofinincreasedaccomplishingattendancea thirtyfivein the

—the THAT IS WHAT YOU WILL j threean advertisingTuesdays precedingstunt wastheplanned.dance, Sunnysideward whichward.won Practicallythe Queeneach

GET AT THE j Material was sent to each ward in the the nine wards in the stake had someof stake, so that this stunt was carried increase in attendance, with one other

Granite Furniture | on everywhere. For the first Tuesday, ward coming quite close to the winner.

the ribbons printed with paper were [ward|s in the was The attendjance Company letters: a large "January 22nd"—and also the stimulated of by manner

curiosity arousing thus mark, the candidate choosing from for Queen Five Big Stores 'question as to what was to happen on this day. each ward. Mutual members voted

Ask For Suggestions The ribbon was yellow with printing each Tuesday for their choice of canin green. didates. Experts Service Are Our At Your telethe fake Tuesday, second The Obligation to Without Buy. Any

to supplied each following, was gram, Stake Oquirrh if as Courtesy carried the Helpful and Treatment ward. out This was

! Satisfaction Guaranteed presto sent actually the telegram was the activity acare proud of "V\7E

W. B. RICHARDS, JR., Mgr. ident of the Young Men's Mutual "complishments of the M. I. A.

during Mutual: in the Pleasant Green ward, during

Sugar House Murray the present year. Not only has every

13, 1931. Hy. January 496 the and party program 676—677 Murray scheduled by Men's of the Young The President To given, been successfully General Board Bingham Park City Mutual,

Bingham 57 Park City 4 Castle Gate Ward but many 'other appropriate events

Castle Gate, Utah: as well.

Will you please reserve dances for me The "Old Fashioned Party,"sponwith the following young ladies of your sored by the Adult Department will ball green for gold the and ward a week be long remembered. "Old The next from Thursday.

the orchestra playing familiar feet Timer's"six a dancer. over good I am Am

created ago, a splendid airs of long tall. looking. considered But good Am

am painfully bashful. I am therefore atmosphere for the large crowd of

taking this means of filling my program. merrymakers who were attired in the

Hope you will help me out in this matter. costumes of yesterday.

that at Also the you will be Gold and events the were Two outstanding to Ball introduce Green properly me to Valentine and Dance and the Gold ladies. these I shall red a young wear carnation so that you can easily identify Green Ball—the hall being elaborately

and appropriately decorated for both MILK me.

occasions. (Signed) A bashful M Man from Price.

FOR 1 INFANT FEEDING

Health authorities recommend evaporat ed milk for infant feeding. Write fo

tine new free Seen Milk book, "W hep Baby Needs Milk From a Bottle."It

tells you all about it.

Sego Milk Products Co., Salt Lake City.

SEGO

MELODY LANE

Violin, harp and organ music, played by Wm. Hardiman,

Lydia Boothby and Frank Asper.

Saturday evenings at 9:15—KSL

Valentine Ball Decorations (Oquirrh Stake)

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 351

We will not soon forget the party given in honor of the retiring president, Alonzo F. Madsen.

The programs rendered by the various departments in publicspeaking, SOUND INVESTMENTS storytelling, music and drama, havebeen entertaining and (deserve special FOR A WIDOW mention. Investments for a widow should be inherently sound Many important events are yet in

store for us. A lot of fun is anticiand free from speculation. First mortgages secured by

pated at the "Misfit"dance to be improved Salt Lake Real Estate obtainable through our

March, given in and the Opera in Loan Department are dependable as to income and net Towers.""PurpleMarch,

all collection charges. The "Spring Festival,"sponsored 6 %—free from any and

by the Junior Girls will be an elaborate the in given dancing party month of ASK FOR A LIST OF OUR OFFERINGS this magnificent for plans April. The

event are already under way.

The Activity Committee has received such loyal support and cooperation from their coworker that the season's work has been a pleasure.

29 Years of Mortgage Financing

Without Loss to a Single Investor

Has the Desert Failed 32 South Main Street Was. 123

&<<0&V<s0rx<&-*<<*-**&*<t< to Blossom?

[Continued from page 337] and vision. Far from despairing NEW WALL PAPERS of a community that in a few Baby

decades has made such a start Arriving Daily

Patterns Some Closing Out are that more things "the among As Chicks As Low fact sense I the deeply excellent,"that any one at all familiar with 3c Per Roll Send in for your copy of our

GuaranGallon It's free! catalog. and of progress 1931 the march We Quart. Gallon. 70c

steadily turkeys, sell going also lectual development baby ducks, Pint. intelPAINT—Everyteed—$2.40 40c

on here among the mountains, Complete Line of Draperies. and poultry supplies.

must surely rejoice with me in Complete Line of Glidden's Paints commendation of H. R. Merrill's and Varnishes. The W. H. W. Smith Co.

apt and truthful characterization: ArmstrongEnberg Wall Paper Co. P. O. Box 1037

Valleys 19 West First South Salt Lake City

Each teeming with its multitudes Wasatch 5281

Of manly men and healthy women

A race courageous, A race spiritual, Descendants of the Pioneers! Native, virile, strong, GREAT INTRODUCTORY OFFER

They link the West together with bands on the Sensational New of steel;

They bind it with their ribbons of concrete; with their churches and schools; Grand De Luxe Mark it

They glorify it with their songs and Prize prayers.

I faith; their know "FULLFLOATING"BRUSH,

I their determination WITH know BAG, RED LEATHERETTE BEAUTIFUL their courage; I know

I know their power, for AND 14 OTHER MAJOR IMPROVEMENTS

I know them!

The De Luxe, with 1 6 major improvements, is presented as the finest, most beautiful, and efficient electric cleaner ever

Nobody who is afraid of laughbuilt—at a price lower than you would expect for such

ing, and heartily too, at his friend. quality.

a true to have be said can and Carrying Charge the Easy Terms—Small for love and, him; thorough on

other hand, it would betray a sorUtah Power & Light or any of its stores ry want of faith to distrust a friend because he laughs at you.

Few men, I believe, are much Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co* worth loving in whom there is 1 77 E. Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah

not something well worth laughWas. 4764

ing at. J. C. and A. W. Hare.

352 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

ID IE IP a\ \ ID II IT RT'M IE N T '- Committee Getting

Dr. Arthur L. Beeley and Lucy Smith, W. Chairmen: Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Franklin S Harris, Lewis Cannon, L. Daines, Dr. Lyman Ann M. Cannon, Rose YLavvied W. T.Bennett, Higgs, Emily H. Charlotte Stewart

7 OUR Department Recreational Event plished good work in regard to pure y for April is a Health Party. If milk; and other projects;

you are not yet prepared for it turn The Ogden area is doing good to the November,,1930, Improvework on a city wide mental hygiene If you are—a complete ment Era, page 46, for suggestions. project.

service in Engraved In our YearRound Recreation ProIn lines of Community Health, our or Printed gram, (page 37, Supplement to Handecclesiastical lines necessarily dissolve is to be and we join the city where we live in for Wedding Announcements book)given bythe theeventAdultfor DepartmentMay its activities.

and Invitations Awaits the entire ward. It is a FatherDaugh-

You at Pembroke's ter and MotherSon party. (See NoTraining Teacher vember, 1930, Era, page for sug46, are placed under You gestion.) that the parents Remember by TEACHING,"PRINCIPLES OF if obligation you No furnish the program the and sons and * S. Dr. Bennion, published Adam daughters are the guests. for Write Samples and the Deseret by School Sunday Union

Prices In planning Special Recreational Board, contains much of interest to

Activities the books recommended in our class leaders. We quote the folthe Adult Department of the Novemlowing:

provement Era will be found very ADULT LEARNING helpful. Pembroke's ber, 1930, and January, 1931, Imfor the program The Joint M.

the first 24 E. Broadway A. Meeting in Sunday MayI. psychologists"There wasanda timeeducatorswhen hintedmany

is to be furnished by the Adults. See that youth was the period for learning

Executive Department, page 347 of and that if learning hadn't been the Mutual Messages (this Era) for achieved by thirty there was little hope suggested program. for him who came to the fountain after

that age. persisted for The notion L. D. S. GARMENTS people learned after Of course, DIRECT FROM [FACTORY Stake Projects years.

You are guaranteed unusual wear and thirty, but the stress upon educational training satisfaction was for later advocated not Cutler from its Garments. in succeeded CAN JUAN—has are They made from the best long *J years. recent of But emproject years new serhospital by securing wearing, two yarns. combed

regarded as a lifeprocess. LearnAdult 74 Ribbed No. Cotton 1.00 Lt. Wt. Utah—has established meat inRib. one of the 84 ing has become No. outstanding Lisle Mercerized 1.95 spection;

76 1.19 No. Lt. Lisle Ribbed achievements Wt. progress."in American Bear Lake—diphtheria control—by 63 No. Dble. Unbl. Lt. Med. Backof 1.19 means Toxinanti-toxin; Quoting a report from of L. R.

Lt. 64 No. Ribbed 1.19 Cotton Med. Salt The Lake Area specialist has accomAlderman, Bureau in U. S. 62 No. Ribbed 1.65 Hvy, Med. bleached

Non Run Rayon, Elbow and Knee Length 1.50

Non Run Rayon, Long Legs or Old

Style 2.00 WHITE TEMPLE PANTS 1.95 8 oz. Heavy Duck

SPECIAL MISSIONARY DISCOUNTS In ordering garments please state if for men or women and if old or new styles are wanted.

Also give bust, height and weight.

Sizes extra. Marking

15c. Postage above 48—20%Prepaid.

order three you pair of time garmentsSpecial—whenat one allow we you 15% discount on third pair only. a

Cutler'* 36 SOUTH MAIN ST.

GARMENTS UNDERWEAR DlMONDVILLE WARD ADULT CLASS PARTY

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 353

of Education, Dr. Bennion continues: ICMftDaOWBOl

"Illiteracy and ignorance are being perpetuated to generafrom generation

Confidence of one generation tion by the influence Buy With LOGAN GARMENT COMPANY Where Quality is to the It next. realized being more Wear With andshipWorkmanAre that in to orderand more reach chilSatisfaction

dren you must reach their parents and Sold At their neighbors. In Buncombe County, WhereAre GreatestSavings Moderate Price* school attendance of children in rural LOGAN, UTAH

communities increased in proportion to the attendance of their parents at OTTO MEHR, Manager 400. $1.00 404B. Med. weight Cotton High Flat Fine Grade schools."evening

1.50 White Weave X104. Hig-h Peeler grade Combed

406. Silk, Super Dulesco text continues: fine, Cotton, Our Extra Lt. Wt.

Style 1.05 FineNew 2.00 style Either

407. conclusion is agreed to "The Fine Grade RunResisting by 399. Fine Cotton, Peeler Combed Silk, Style 1.75 New allpractically that, psychologists giv95 Ecru 405B. in Rib Fine Weave, Basket

en health and the will to learn coupled 403B. Very Fine Combed Peeler Combed Peeler Cotton With

White.... 1.60 Rib Stitch Cotton Silk Stripe 1.40 a interest keenwith lessons in the in

extra for sizes larger than 44 bust, or "double backs."10% hand, and of fifty and men women enclosed direct. coupon Write for Samples ordering Use when Made to Measure

sixty carry can their learnforward

CO., r Please the Utah. following Logan suits of L. send me LOGAN D. S. Garments GARMENT ings to great very advantage. This

| Style Quantity Sleeve Sex Bust No. | Length | Height Price Weight

ability of adults to go on learning with profit has been emphasized because it | 1 is the key to whatever else might be said.

Summarizing, Dr. Bennion makes Name

the following observations: Street City State.

"Adult classes should especially fea- >*< a**0P(1* ture group discussions.

"Tact should be employed to guard Move Along Withagainst the everpresent talker with Conference and the Crowd facilities. terminalpoor

Special care - - PLAY is necessary to see that Visitors A CONN greatest Band invigorating and materialnew Instrument inbrought for discussion with the is We cordially invite your inTheSaxophones,world's Cornets, adult group. The fact that this group spection. Special courtesies Trumpets, etc.

is easily led into a discussion involves extended to missionaries. Sold on Easy Terms!

a danger as well as an advantage. Write in for information

Classes get lost can easily in discussions

CO., 74 S. BROS. MUSIC SHAPIRO TRUNK & GLENof 'nothing abstracor St., Salt vague much'Utah. Lake City, Main

tions. All too gradually members BAG CO. Please send me catalogue and

FREE information on a Conn.drop out—not held by material which 15 2 So. Main Street

makes a gripping appeal.

"May a final word of caution be Utah's Largest Dealer in Address, indulged, that adult discussions be conLuggage and Leather Goods Glen Bros. Music Co.

fined to levels upon which evidence 74 S. Main St.

can be secured. Armchair philosophy'may be comfortable—but it all

too frequently lulls people to intellectual slumber. There are ample

subjects upon which data are available. Then, too, life is complex WE PREPAY POSTAGE ON

enough without resorting to the mystical or ultra philosophical."

The Adult Committee of the General Board continues to recommend ALLSTATE that the Discussion Method will generally bring the best results in our Tires and Tubes study of Community Health and Hygiene.

Dr. Bennion says: "The Discussion Throughout the Intermountain Region

Method * * * represents the real of teaching.genius Stories and

lecFOR QUICK SERVICE ON TIRES AND TUBES be entertaining stimandtures may ulating but children can evaluate exSEND YOUR ORDERS DIRECT TO US perience best in their own expression of them. A pupil's own struggle with

a difficulty brings him greatest development. other when he and And Sears Roebuck & Company think group outmembers of his loud

on a given problem they come to apBroadway at State Street preciate more fully its real signifiSalt Lake City, Utah cance. [Continued on page 363]

354 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

Just Off the Press -A eiLIEANIEIVOH IRIS DEBURJAtENT

Committee i "A Message of Salvation

Grace and Redemption to C. Neslen, Chairman, RachelEmilyG. Taylor,C. AdamsMartha G. Smith, Margaret Newman,

His People Israel"By William K. Ray

most successful groups are those whose closing meetings are the best.

discussed questions following The and Calendar for April How would our great temple apin the light of prophecy answered from the standard works of the Church April 7--M Men -Gleaner Acpear, no matter how sound the foundasuccession. Positive priesthood The

proof that the true order was brought April 14--Dlicussion—Gleaning.tivt'ty. Drama. tionwere orbutstatelypartlythefinished,walls, iforthethetowerscapto and Brigham Utah by Young never been added? his April 21-—Discussion—Gleam ng. stone had all claims. followers, shattering other (From Doctrine and Covenants.) April 28-—Discussion—Gleam ng.

"Treasures of Truth"What of Zion the New Jerusalem?

When develops, project Gleaner our And whowillwillit buildbe establishedthe Temple?and how?

its possibilities more and Gleaning. ASmore

Startling to in their best events occur our day. those unfold. who put To in material the field of Gleaners this year. begin May it, of absorbing it becomes effort into sign which The by one the know may garner bind the AS things and you

Patriarchal beginning the of greatest time charts, Pedigree interest. until anthen wait and of wheat must trouble ever known. importvital of incidents those safety flee Let to the who harvest has blessings, time other planting and

stories Mountains. Rocky history, and seekWhy? family in ance spiritual things in Gleaners come. As

inspirafaith and of messages carrying there of waiting; be such time need no

typeneat, in prepared are being tion timely other Many and important topics | possibilities fields enriched with new to mention. too numerous these hand; in long or written form view, spread before your constantly 205 Pages

j souveprecious other pictures and with the blessings invite to enjoy and you $1.00 IMITATION LEATHER flower, poem, favorite as a nirs, such discussions their abundance. of Your Anywhere ago, long of a relic of song, gown 75c PAPERPrepaid COVER just this of value been winter have

collection. attractive etc., a most make that caught to the extent have you William K. cover Ray a suitable a book, such For dovision the "knowing of what and 112 College Falls, St., Idaho Idaho groups provided. Many be should life. ing"can combined in your mean

s >-<: the for M 5 BK their HM0'(K<.i but i'* I MMFOB-O-* fashioning are own

basic has Gleaner two program The general the others, of convenience principles: committee has designed an inexpensive

1. Sheaves are gleaned by gaining cover of heavy dark green paper with

knowledge. the title and Gleaner symbol—letter

2. Sheaves are bound by putting "G"and sheaf of wheat—in gold.

is entirely this of purchase action. that the into knowledge AsFOR SPRING DECORATING limited only groups, with optional as as "to well do,"know""To

theretime at a are up made of ejvery your quantities page permeated has --exterior interior-- or and placed two; be should orders fore fields remainsix are manual. There

ing to complete this season of gleanthree weeks before the covers are acing, and these are particularly contually needed, to give time for their BENNETT'S cerned with the "binding of sheaves."preparation. Price 20c. For sale only

They are: at the general office.

Tithes and Offerings.

A Testimony. Excerpts from "Treasures of

Iflttf Hoiv to Make of Sunday a Sabbath. Truth"

Anchorage. Missions—-A Spiritual Jedloved Young, father, Brigham My

faith Promise an abiding Insurance, Marriage—The with Grant of Eternal ediah M.

Happiness. in his courageous loyalty. He named two

Jeddie,"for him, "little sons infant his Hours—Gifts and their Culof called, affectionately were babes as the PAINT PRODUCTS tivation.Leisure both Clara D. and sons of Aunt both

fields these have come of Some in infancy. to dyingBright modish

of story tell the light of modern the mother colors—solidcovering with us only through my

course the changed Grant less brushing—economical if glean will revelation, but howI heardBrother and we

near standing life. She father's was of sheaves, they their firmly bind and

the of west, or little below, house the for elements lifegiving will provide the shingle father watching \House, Lion spiritual growth. father as Jeddie,""Brother roof when Manufactured and sold by

I. A. season as the to Sometimes on to speak M. called him came him,

its matter. close, dwindle groups important very near CO. draws PAINT GLASSBENNETT a &

second said his Brigham,""Brother or activities subjects and in numbers, Salt South, Lake City 65 West First items to present some "I want are alcounselor, course regular the other than attenimmediate for your importance of Utah, southern Dealers throughout If such to interrupt the work. Idaho lowed

tion."states and neighboring over look interruptions have occurred, this father, "wait 'til answered "Well,"the course carefully and plan the reevening, and come into my council room."

maining lessons so that your work "Now, Brother Brigham, don't you will be a well rounded whole. The think it is time you quit pounding nails

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 355

. like time spending your in workand r carpenters but onlythis? many We have

President of and oneone Governor the INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS ALWAYS than need you moreChurch. The people

they need a good carpenter."Mother said that father came down the IN STOCK

ladder, put away his hammer and nails, and never again, except at brief intervals, Tray with 36 Glasses, did he spend his days in manual labor.

He and his counselor, Brother Grant, $18.50

walked away conversing together.

God bless and inspire Brother Grant's Extra Glasses, Per descendants with his own fiery zeal and Doz., $1.25

wise leadership.

Susa Young Gates.

Feb. 20th, 1931. Bread Baskets, $9.50

Many years ago Main Street (in Salt Best in the Market

Lake City) looked very different from the way it does today. There were homes Will Last a Life Time, 36 Glasses in Each Tray

all sides along street. the both of The PATRONS. BY RECOMMENDED REFERENCES FURNISHEDsidewalks trees. were shaded These by S. especially L. for D. Churches, successfully Made used in and and Utah

trees circular enclosed were fences, by all region, in to Intermountain also States, in Missions Pacific the Europe, United and protect the tender bark from the cows Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

which often strayed along the street. SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE

Where Z. C. M. I. is there was a Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered

large itwostory house with a long, vinecovered across front. porch the the In BUREAU OF INFORMATION fruit rear were a vegetable trees, and and Temple Block Salt Lake City

ilower garden. fence, picket high painted A

all white, ran the front along of the L J yard. finest It was one the of homes

built in those early it days, well and 4181 Wasatch 4180 be, firstmight for the of Salt mayor 1 i LET'S GET TOGETHER Wasatch City, Lake Jedediah Grant, lived M. 'More than of Knowing 40 Years

there. In this house Heber Jeddy Grant on your How"born.was

When he was a baby only nine days Home, Church, Bank, old, his father died. 'Nearly all of his Painting and Decorating KELLYmother's family lived in the east. Her

sister, Anna, the mother of Anthony W. Problems Ivins lived in Salt Lake. Rachel's relaEstimates and suggestions gladly COMPANY

tives in the east were well to do but when furnished without obligation. STATIONERS she joined the Church "Mormon"and

its went west with people, they told - printers her Ketterer & Perschon bookbinders they gladly would welcome her back and provide for her whenever she was willing Company FineFINE LILeather Goods to give ibuit up "Mormonism,"Street runcil 657 Washington then they did not desire to see her again. Salt Lake City, Utah 2323 WestW< First South

After the father's death things were Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3756 SaltSalt L;Lake City, Utah very changed for the little much family.

They moved from the fine home to a small adobe house on Second East Street, and the mother took in jsewing to earn money to buy food and clothes.

As she sat and sewed she dreamed of the time her son when would and grow up take care of her, for even he when was a O. P. S, BREAD

little fellow tried to help. he Often,

when she would have to sew far into the night and her tired feet would scarcely O. P. S. Bread—the good, finetextured, cakelike

run the sewing that like so machine, customers get bread our he would made from well—i

his knees, on down and with his hands flours. of the finet hard, Fleischmann's local wheat

the foot on pedal run the machine.

One the bishop called to Yeast also goes into its making, as well as Open day when see how they were getting along he was Kettle Rendered Grain Lard—more expensive and

surprised to see a number of tin pans on finer than ordinary lards. And the sugar we use is

the floor. It had been raining and the Utah beet, the finest obtainable any place. Put these

pans placed been had the to catch rainingredients all together, and you have O. P. S. Bread water dripped which through the leaky roof. "Rachel,"he said, "I will have—the brand that means luxury in bread eating.

a roof put on this house at once, out of the fast donations."

"Thanks, but you will do nothing of the kind,"she replied. "As soon as I

finish this sewing, I will have enough money to put a new roof on this house. It will have to do until my son is a man, O.P.SKAGGS"efficient Service

will build then he and a one."me new STORES bishop his went shaking The away System head, afterwards that he remarked and

he felt sorry for widow Grant, for if she waited for a new house until her son "A Surety of Purity"built it, she would never have one, as [Continued on page 3 63]

356 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

JUNIOR=== CommitteeGIIIRILS DEPARTMENT'."

Cleaning & Dueing Ca Laura P. Nicholson, Chairman; Agnes S. Knowlton, Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard,

Katie C. Jensen

Every article which leaves our shop is not only cleaned and refreshed but also guar- "Believing and Doing"Junior Class Party for May 26 objectionanteed free from rose, is ad- a beautiful at progress look chapter made from petals, its lovely its soft chapter are WEmire frequent reviews cleaning able odor maAS to of all terials. essential. Turn back to the subjects color and its sweet perfume, and say,

gone before and consider them again; "What is so beautiful as a rose?"

probably ideas will come to you which We tenderly care for our roses and rejoice in them. Junior at the first themselves did not suggest Girls—the

the roses of the Mail orders handled carefully perusal, will would enrich M. I. ideas which A. How

and promptly concepts being formed. In the girls'you like to have a rose party?

minds, too, questions may have arisen Appoint committee on arrangewhich should be answered so that ments. (Invitations, program, refresh-

2*n-> Salt they may go away with no misunderment, decoration, using all girls in

Lake's standing. There is a continuity of class.) If weather conditions will

Master thought running from chapter to chappermit a lawn party would be enjoyCleaners ter which should be preserved. Our able, and perhaps mother nature will

first aim is to present the Gospel plan be kind enough to make her contriand simply and clearly but in as complete bution of some garden roses for this

Dyers a manner as possible in order that lovely occasion. Consult the presithe girls may see it as a whole and dent of your Mutual if you desire

Call Hy. 65 not in disjointed parts; our second to hold party at some other place

is to show its vital application to life than the regular meeting place. Invite

444 East Second South St. so that after each discussion every the mothers, make them realize that

girl will resolve anew to make her their Junior roses are dedicating this life conform to it. party to them. Give inexpensive The chapters for April—"We befavors such as a rose colored georgette

lieve in being honest;""We believe handkerchief, made by the girls, or a

in being chaste, benevolent, virtuous;"corsage of dainty ribbon flowers, a card

and "We believe in.doing good"or a living flower. Serve simple rehave particularly to do with daily freshments. Decorations in rose color.

life. Too much importance cannot Junior leaders might suggest a probe attached to them. Much tact and gram such as singing of Junior songs,

story, retold reading the of or "The in their presentaare required HAVE delicacy character dance, a Rose,"Heart of the tion, especially in Chapter and XXI, girls to permitting, however, the class leaders should seek earnestly for etc., o G initiause their and own originality help. divine

tive execution in the of planning and N UA affair. in girl share each Let the whole 6%

S R Class Activity Program for financing the party.

A A May 5th It may be more convenient for some V N classes to plan a hike, a dancing party, that suggest With Songs etc., Junior Home Evening would but we T 7% j (Continued) close in coActivity Leaders work E IN

so that operation proper chaperons G call attention, Junior your be arrangements appointed and may E WE this leaders, to of a continuation S D officers. I. A. with be made M.

outlined page of program 110 on in keep- 8% be instrumental This may outline the Junior your Manual. As State (Under Supervision and all ing the together summer. group

is it this suggests, prothe object of Control)

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY gramalso into createthe authorsa finer interestof somein ofmusic,our The Spring Festival splendid songs. We feel that Junior Ensign Stake

leaders will make the most of this HHHE annual Spring Festival for the National Building & and that they will color the program * Junior Girls of Ensign stake was with interest and enthusiasm. held on Feb. 19, 1931, and was a

Loan Ass'n We suggest that pageantry and most delightful affair. Invitations in

easily leatherette very booklets, be the dramatization of small form may 343 ST. MAIN

class. letter in forth If your anyour a gold brought "J"with stamped

Salt City, Utah Lake is this suitable for time, the place the the not and nounced class room

Gentlemen program, we suggest that you might toasts to be given during the banquet

How is the above guaranteed? use the Relief Society room or go to as follows:

of one of pportunity nearby the girls J home udgment O Name a is a there instrument. eliability musical nselfishness where U R

Address Early preparation is necessarv to make N obility 5 incerky this event a real success. / ntelligence

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 357

Following the banquet a program was presented, one number being given "by each ward. A delightful spiritof joy and friendliness prevailed, and TEMPLE BRAND

all shared the uplifting companionship which was expressed in a verse written by a Junior Leader: GARMENTS workmanship quality and superior Of mr I. girl A. Junior of M.O the for manufactured will say voice a go, youWhere'er STORE KNITTING SALT LAKE there, picture beauteous a "Youth,

ordering from us at prices defying competition. When And sold stair, the of at the bottomJust

Postage remember Pay We to you, help If I of can be to you, FOR MEN worthwhile climb LADIES FOR your makeTo

No. No. true experience me;Call on Stripe $1.40 Quality.95 600 Fine 703 $ Flat Weave better, too. help me you 1.25 know Will 1.25 Light 610 Ribbed 719 Light SilkWt Ribbed Weight

1.35 Quality 602 1.40 Fine near Extra to Quality be Cotton 792 willing Fine ever I'm

1.65 Quality Ex. 1.85 614 Lisle Wt. Med. 751 Silk Fine dear. truly, will love me If you 1.35 Cotton 605 1.40 Med. Heavy Silk Stripe 711 Med. Wt I hold, world of this beautiesThe 1.75 Cotton.. 663 Unbleached 1.20 Heavy Med. Quality 749 Cotton Fine

Happiness and glories yet untold."714 Med. Wt. Extra Quality 1.75 664 Med. Heavy Wt. Cotton 1.75

717 Rayon Crepe Dechine 1.95 680 Extra Heavy Unbleached 2.25

Quality 1.95 620 Fine NonRun 2.50 The Close of the Season 715720 NonRunSuper QualityRayonRayon 2.25 651 Silk Lisle 1.95

15c Per Pair Upon Request Garments Marked

Sizes 46 over for Charge Extra 20% is season Mutual The 193031 also state if long or if for Style or Woman, and to specify Old Man not fail New Do so to a close. The lessons coming Measurement, accurate or short Bust sleeve, legs wanted. Give are short or long

beautifully prepared were chosen to Height and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

fill the need for the Junior girls to to STORE the KNITTING SALT Church of principles LAKE the know 70 So. STORE IN UTAH KNITTING Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST project was belong. The they which

to help create an appreciation and desire for a beautiful, clean temple for the dwelling place of the spirit of each Junior girl. The reading course book, travelogue, and question box, MODERN BOOKS PEWS

where they could be used, were to enrich the culture of our girls. Such that Qualify you for all Pulpits

Junior of the hopes the were Reports ComPUBLIC SPEAKING CHAIRS Board. General mittee of the

for new Folding, from the field have told us that our Occasions—send

hopes have been justified and that Catalog. Kindergarten

been the in M. I. A. has Junior work

are and. Opera pleasure. value and We of real

Church and Store indeed grateful to the stake and ward THE SPEAKERS Bank, Office,Fixtures workers who have made these hopes LIBRARY Salt Lake Cabinet & come true. And the Junior girls!

We are sure that we express their feel- (Brightwood Station) Fixture Company when we with along our own ings give Washington, D. C. Write32 Richardsus for Streetprices loyal, their to of gratitude this word

devoted, lovely, joyous Junior leaders. We ask God to bless them for

their service and grant them rich reward. We are sure that they will maintain their splendid classes right SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES

u? until the very last Mutual session. ANNOUNCE

Special ROUND TRIP FARES The Road to the Ri&ht ACCOUNT By George J. Fox SPRING CONFERENCE

Salt Lake City, April 4th, 5th and 6th right toward the to the road the For Further Information Ask Your Railroad Agent deeds, TAKEhill kind of

For there"on the crest of the hill Or Fill in Blank Below and Mail to

Is a home Co., Pacific Southern Agent, General D. R. OWEN, and tolove-—keep bright with friendship City, Utah. St., Salt Lake 41 South Main

There's a place in that home you can Please send me full information on a trip to fill; You'll find laughter and song in that blessed home, Name - And hearts that are happy and light, Address - - is not hard, for the hill is not The climb

City steep, So just take the road to the right..

358 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

BIEIEIHII\V GIIIRIIS DEPARTMENT <0he KEY k; = Committee =======

to Sarah R. Cannon, Chairman; Catherine Folsom, Vida F. Clawson, Glenn J. Beeley, Marie C.

Thomas, Elsie T. Brandley

SECURITY

Calendar for April have completed their work make better steadily growing balmembers of the group into which they ance in your savings riUIDES No. 27 and 28 in both will go next year. For the sake of

ranks Builders of in the Hive and girls, their the this in year's happiness the V account is the key to

Gatherers left of are for Honey April their success and in next, as work of comfort and doorway completion. well as satisfaction, all your own do security.

In the BeeHive department, more you can to keep BeeHive buzzing

Our savings accounts pay than in any other of the Y. L. M. I. to the end!

is it necessary to A. leave time some semian- compounded 4% local for planning, as difinasmuch Project The in nually. today. Come

ferent differing swarms have needs. live out of If you will 42 t ELL No. exactly have kept to town, Some schedwrite for information ule; others, spending more time on > BeeHive girl is shouldone whichhave everybeen

about our Bankingby- one or another of the guides, will filling during the season now drawing

Mail plan. be somewhat behind and need time toward a close, for it is the Project

of the specibit of to catch others, up; still concentrating department—the

activity carried which, being the guides on during the winter, will fied now want to spend some time in through by all the girls of the Church, joins in a of them cells purpose bond and the toward requirements SAVINGS UTAH & filling effort. "/ wilt try to for overcome some promotion or graduation. Go CO. TRUST undesirable habit."of over situation what Think carefully, Beevyour

Member Federal Reserve System Keepers, and ascertain the exact standthat means, multiplied by about 12,- ooo. idea ing of The of girl in every habits 12,000 the swarm. SugStreet South 235 Main need which cells gest overcoming filling for or at is more assign and home Salt Lake City, Utah

less breathtaking, cells the filled to but thought in be meeting. Swarm

Some girls, being particularly interestof the overcome is glorious. How

ed in cooking and sewing will have delightful Swarm meetings should be, neglected their outof-door cells. To with habits of gumchewing, whisperthem assign a part of the meeting for ing, and using slang conquered! What

the presentation of such material as peace should reign in homes where is necessary for filling the cells from habits of neatness, consideration for 580 to 595. If Public Service seals all members of the family, helpfulare lacking in their record, give them ness, truthfulness, dependability and

specific cells, such as 742, 753, 761unselfishness have replaced others, less Highest 68, 817, etc. While no BeeKeeper desirable! And what joyous feelings

can complete the ranks for her girls, should abound in the souls of 12,000 she can help them to do the work by girls in the Church who have dewatching, suggesting, encouraging and fined a weakness and overcome it! Rating cooperating. A beautiful finish is half If the project has not been comby the the race, so spare no effort to make pleted, don't feel that it should be

the concluding weeks of the M. I. A. dropped at the end of the season.

Salt Lake City season successful. BeeHive girls who Eight months are given for it, and

BOARD OF HEALTH

Ever since the Board of Health started to inspect and grade the dairies for cleanness, methods and equipment, Clover LeafHarris has received the highest rating of all Salt Lake City dairies.

Wasatch 2177

Clover LeafHarris..:.... "'MILK

BeeHive Swarm, Samoan Islands First Swarm ever organized in this locality. Every girl is in BeeHive

costume, on which her symbol is embroidered.

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 359

if it takes a few days after Mutual has closed, carry on the spirit of the organization, and finish your project!

The little playlet, "Unselfishness,"is an excellent dramatization along this line. It is obtainable at theGeneral Board office, 33 Bishop's NERVOUSNESSIf you're irritable, out- V

Bldg., for the price of 10c. ofsorts, depressed and may be a

The Book nervous, perhaps your danger CHICKENS, CAREY'SMOTHER course voleliminative system is reading the BeeHive signal!

ume for the season of 193031, has to blame. You're prob- K

been widely read, and has created intense interest among the BeeHive ably suffering from constipation.

girls and their leaders. In one stake

they charged the girls a penny a day Three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast every demand for the book, and the vigor and inday relieves constipation—restores Girlscreased amazingly. who used

to devote a small part of two weeks energy. Begin eating Yeast today!

to the reading of such a book found themselves getting through it in three days, and enjoying it. Many wards

are having dramatizations of certain interest of the the to stimulatescenes FLEISCHMANN'S Service YEAST the contracted yet have not girls who pleasure, habit. reading For her own

will bring At Most Grocers, Soda Fountains, and Restaurants joy theand the memory in years to come, every BeeHive girl should read this delightful volume.

Small and Swarms—Largef

is rT"small that idea a Swarm LITTLE LIGHT HE not A * suceffort to it a the make worth will undoubtlight on your insurance A little judgwards, exist cess to in seems some ing by the eighteen and twentygirl edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underSwarms found here and there. As a insured. Think what it would mean if fire

a small of fact, matter Swarm is more successful, as a destroyed your property. interesting and more

rule, than a large one. To give the

individual the to attention necessary CO. FIRE INSURANCE UTAH HOME

a few have BeeKeeper must members town. agent in your See our posthing the to make enough girls

eight sible. have If you more than J. GRANT 8 CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City the HEBER take in or ten girls your Swarm,

matter up with the executive officers, try to have their help and with the In. School Cafeterias as at three to eight divided. From Swarm

a delightful group, and girls form satisfaction as a BeeKeeper as HomeCocoa's convenience your will with than as theirs be greater well one, for a larger work and better more—Chocolate's flavor

can be done.

School cafeterias of the West prefer GhirarReports of BeeHive Girls delli's Ground Chocolate for exactly the same

Samoan Islands reasons that most parents and most teachers

ACCOMPANYING is the picture in theWest prefer it.

of the first BeeHive ever organized in the Samoan Islands. The Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate has all the

girls are all dressed in their BeeHive convenience of cocoa's powdered form—but

uniforms, on which their symbols are all the full, fine flavor of chocolate, as well!

embroidered. They have enjoyed the

work very much, and have accomMothers know it is the sensible answer to plished splendid things. There is now afterschool emptiness—teachers know it

organized a younger Swarm in the means clearer heads in afternoon periods.

place, too are accomand they same... Sixteen".Write for plishing much in the BeeHive. FREE"Sweet

. Panguitch Stake RecipeD. GhirardelliCo.,Packet No. 2,

St., Point 1X1V/11 gi4North

Calif. San Francisco, Sister Hilda Foy, the stake BeeGHIRARDELLIS Keeper, writes as follows: "We are CHOCOLATE

pleased with very the work much in Say "Gearar-delly"past six stake. In the Panguitch

[Continued on page 376] 3*7 360 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

VANGUARDS SCOUTS IDIEIPT.

Committee -—.iss? 55E5=="- A Modern

Dr. George R. Hill, Jr., and Charley R. Mabey, Chairmen; Nicholas G. Smith, German E.

Ellsworth, LeRoi C. Snow, Ernest P. Horsley ROOF

All modern homes and buildings of Indian Missionaries any description should have a modchapters the in history first the blin of as takes place "CEW an ambassador roof. ern WeatherThis means

are brilliant -- Church more than red to our brethren. a posihad He proof, Fireresisting Leakproof, those dealing with the tive deeds of our in genius understanding

and Troubleproof, requiring no Indian missionaries. Few people have childish people and in making themthese

painting or repairing. Beautiful carried on intercourse with the red understand him. From the time he

with artistic color. Any Home man with more understanding hearts took up his abode in Tooele Valley

Owner or Home Builder can have than those of our brethren who have until his death he spent his life in such a modern roof by using Old taken up this work. Possibly this bringing about better relations between

American Asphalt Shingles. Made is due to the fact that we have been the two races and in bringing the

and sold in Salt Lake City by taught from the beginning that the Gospel to the Indian and civilizing membersbrothers,—fallen,of this raceitareis ourtrue,ownfromblooda him.Clara missionHis presidencyextendedoverover thealmostSantaa

former high estate, but, nevertheless, half century and the successes he made of the seed of Israel and entitled to among the Piutes, the Moquis, the

American Asphalt Roof awhite.consideration equal to that of the Navajoesto have beenand athespiritZunisnobleproclaimand just,him

Corp. Joseph Smith almost as soon as the with a high order of intellect and

in this Gospel dispenwas established intuition its an almost in uncanny Salt Lake City, Utah sation began formulating to plans exactness. keeptowards did more He

Was. 2663 1674 Beck St. carry its message to the Lamanites, ing peace between the whites and the

willing and he soon to found hands the Indians Indians themselves and it "What Utah Makes Makes Utah"carry into the heart of the Indian than other one If scouts any man.

country. The first missionary work are interested in Indian stories, and

was done among the Catteragus tribes what scout is not, there is none more near Buffalo, and later the Wyandots, gripping than the account of his life.

the Shawnees and the Delawares reHis influence extended into all of CORPORATE ceived the elders. The Prophet himSouthern Utah, Northern Arizona and

self visited the peoples Sax Eastern and Fox Mexico and Nevada. New TRUST SHARES in August, they being 1841, a rare then Here is for scout opportunity

located near Montrose, Iowa, and extroops in these sections to immortalize

A Way to Participate plained to them the history of their the deeds of this intrepid missionary.

that stands noble Next to Hamblin in the Profitable forefathers. As early as October, 183 0, Oliver example, If Jones. any Dan

Investment of Cowdery, Peter Whitmer, Ziba Petertroop wishes to learn how to scoutlearn son and Parley P. Pratt were set apart about hardship, let it get hold of his

to go into the wilderness and instruct "Forty Years Among the Indians"BILLIONS the aborigines. The last named takes and read a gripping tale of one of

first rank as a missionary in his day the finest characters the West has proThrough a small investment and to him belongs the honor of doing duced. His relief of the handcart

in Corporate Trust Shares the first real effective work among companies in the winter of 1856-7 part you become of owner these peoples. sufferings his and the subsequent of 28 leading American comBut equal to so many were the persecutions form an epic command any panies with total assets of

23 billions and an average of the Saints in the beginning and in the annals of the human race in unbroken dividend record of so many times did they have to change portraying the qualities that go to 33 years. Moody's comtheir place of abode that little headmake up perfect manhood.

posite portfolio rating "A". way was made until after settlement Jones was among the first to enter

been in the had made Old inRocky Mexico and get our people MounPrice at the market tain region. as terested in every Then, other in its colonization. He was

About $6.50 per share task he undertook, was the genius of among the first of our Saints to make

For further details write Brigham Young manifest. His slosettlements in the Salt River country

gan. "It is cheaper to feed them than in Arizona and wherever he went

Reason Investment Co. to fight them,"at once attached the his especial concern was the red man,

Indian to loved the "Mormons"he with all the strength and miswhom

Salt Lake City, Utah sionary labors became comparatively disposition. of an ardent In fact

easy. nearly all the difficulties he had can

It is not our purpose to give all be traced to his impatience with the

Name the names of those splendid men who treatment accorded the Lamanite by participated in this noble enterprise. his white brother. His labors were

Address We have space for only a few of the many and varied, but in the course outstanding characters. It is quite of his career he lived among the Pima,

generally recognized that Jacob Hamthe Maricopa, the Papago, the Yuma

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 361

and fhe Yaquis, all of whom held him in the highest esteem. Brother

Jones'rather warm disposition often got him into misunderstandings with the whites, but never with the Indianand no one can justly accuse him of Utah Bureau having wronged any man. Here is

another life which to draw from inThe Voice of Organized Agriculture markers,spiration for and monuments as far south as Old Mexico, as far north as the Bear River Country in

Wyoming.

Ammon M. Tenney, who was at

first interpreter for Jacob Hamblin, the the called to take Gospel towas the Be Loyal to Your State of account in 1875.Zunis The

grasshopper plague in that year and deliverancethe remarkable from the Use is a faithpromotingscourge by prayer incident of the highest order. Tenney

also accompanied Dan Jones on the latter's southern expedition in 1875. "Utah Products"

President A. W. Ivins was one of

that wentthat immortal band into Join and Help Us With This Campaign date. Unnamed on the lastMexico

doubtedly he must have received much of his inspiration in later life through association with men of the type of 1—H—Hhw |I II || It II l l- "I'-i- ll- '"It—'—It It N llJones and Tenney. Brother Ivins

also accompanied Erastus Snow on amission to the Pueblo and the Navajo American Smelting & Refining Company tribes in 1878. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Salle) mis- (La Elk Mountain The OF PURCHASERS presentsion opened was in 1885, Copper Ore and Smelter Products site Cold, Silver, Lead and

Alfredof Utah, N. Billunder Moab,

ings. This enterprise was not sucOre Purchasing Department, Seventh Floor McCornick Building

cessful and after having lost some of Mining and Geological Departments, Sixth Floor McCornick Building their number through clashes with Consign all ore shipments to:

the Navajoes, the mission was finally American Smelting and Refining Company abandoned. Here is some work for Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah

the scout troops in Grand and San Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Carfield Plant, Garfield, Utah

Juan counties. Address correspondence as follows:

Thos. S. Smith located the Salmon RegardingProspectingShipmentsand andDevelopment,Hand Samplesto 616to McCornick700 McCornickBuildingBuilding

River mission at Fort Limhi, Idaho, in 1885. The fort was first visited

by Flatheads. On the occasion of

this visit they were preached to by

Brother George W. Hill, grandfather to Dr. George R. Hill, now chairman Your

of the Vanguard committee of the

Y. M. M. I. A. This sermon wasdelivered in the Shoshone tongue which Dreams

Brother Hill spoke fluently. The

Bannocks and other tribes also received instructions from these brethren Come and their associates. Brother Hill was

conversant with the language of the TrueBlackfeet, the Nez Perces, the Flatheads, the and Bannocks the Showhen you abandonedshones. Fort Limhi was

in 1858 and the missionaries were recalled. In the early seventies BrotherHill was called to labor among the Enter Brigham Young University

BearIndians on the had settled who Credits Accepted Everywhere—Courses in All Fields

secthe Corinne, near one timeRiver ond largest city in Utah. On one Summer School Commences June 8

visit to the Indian settlement at Bear For Further Information Address

River City he baptized two hundred The President?

occasion subsequent anotherand on into BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY three were brought hundred more the Church by this same elder. Later THE FRIENDLY SCHOOL

when trouble seemed to be brewing PROVO, UTAH between the Indians and the whites 362 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

the former moved north and were ing results among the Chickasaws and induced to settle on the site of the Seminoles in the Indian Territory in

This present town of Washakie. Brother 1883. These elders had followed up

Hill was influential in securing the the work of Henry W. Miller, who

territory in and that visited 1855 plan. first to this the red of assent men TRUST COMPANY Creeks the the Cherokees, to preached Idaho Southern and Northern Utah

Acts as both have fine examples from which and the Choctaws. The first chapel

Trustee - Receiver - Assignee orto selectmarker.names to honor by monument erected1882 andfor theIndianCherokeesworshipwerewasmemin

Executor - Guardian We appreciate the fact that we bers of the organization.

all troops Vanguard and all Scout But the ground to cover begun Exchange Agent haven't soil find a fertile can the West Eastern Central and Utah over in this field.

Administrator have not been mentioned. The sucupon which to build their project

Registrars cesses of Dan Jones and others in work. Let us hope that they will

Transfer this section averted much bloodshed. embrace the wondrous opportunities

Brother George Teasdale with Matso abundantly offered. Agent thew W. Dalton secured some flatter-—Chas. R. Mabey.

PAID ON SAVINGS Church Music Committee

Gilt Edge First Mortgage [Continued from page 345]

Loans or Bonds to 1.75 assemblies, Published by G. Schirmer suitable for worshipping

Harris, Voluntaries, offers the Paramount Committee Music Net You 6 % music,the Church following list. All have been examined Meyer 8 Brother, 7577 W.

by members of the Committee and have Wash., Chicago, 111 1.50 been found to contain much excellent and Sam Fox March Album—Published

HalloranJudge carriedappropriatein themusic.stock ofAllthetheDeseretbooksBookare Arcade,by Sam FoxCleveland,PublishingOhio Co., The.75

Trust Company Company,music dealers.or can Thebe securedCommitteefrom standardrecomTwentyPublishedMarchesby Lorenzofor ReedPublishingOrgan

.60 Co., Dayton, Ohio it by of of some Salt mends at Broadway, Cor. Main Reed Organ for American obtain to is necessary not the

Schirmer music. suitable possess to Was. 633 all wards—ititanin examinationorder Utah, of—1.00 City, Method—Archer, Lake

SchirOrgan Reed Harris, Voluntaries, Paramount Album—Archer,

mer Bros., 75 Washington 8 FortyThree Offertories—Lorenzo Pub-1.25 111. $1-50 Street, Chicago, lishing Company. Shelley the Organ, for

1.75PUTTING NEW ZEST GemsSchirmerMeyer

the Organ, Jackson for Atwater Kent Gems Another LIVING IN 2.00 health. on Schirmer anchors too many hangs dietModern the live, but Audition Lorenz You Marches, feel the drag. Organ thrill TwentyYou can

lacking..75 is Organ Reed and Pipe For upon depend Foundation energy Kent Atwater radiant health,Vibrant

this THE maintains nothing behavior. Andinternal it Fifth Naconduct will soon diet. proper as perfectly so cleanlinessinner REED AMERICAN FOR METHOD for search in Audition, tional Radio use health, to back to work afresh, startTo cleanliness ORGAN inner in maintains offering It voices, beautiful $25,000LactoDextrin.

germs. putrefactive the out drivingby as follows: scholarships prizes and Archer—Schirmer SaniCreek Battle other and LactoDextrin a first for young awards, man at the obtained be Two can Foods Healthtarium SchirArcher, Album, Organ Reed of respectively, a young and woman 1.25 $ mer

scholtwo-years cash two and $5,000 Offertories, Organ FortyThree I. or conservatory musical in arships any -60 Z. Lorenz ML C teacher vocal Shepherd recognized Album, any Organ under Reed ADVICE DIET FREE 1.00 Schirmer elect. the winners dietimay of staff a maintain Battle Creek weAt Crampton Book, Dance Check Folk problem. diet The any you on to advise tians and of awards second $3,000 Two coupon the on diet problem 2.40 Barnes, particular York S.your New—A. chief our each. Kain, scholarships Jean year Ida to one mail and below Organ, for Reed Classic Gems for suggestions you send will dietitian. She

Presser Company. and third of $2,000 awards Theo Naturcharge. diet, without Two individual your

will be disease Lewis, Player, of any diagnosis Reed Organally, no each. scholarships year one that. for physician your Consult attempted. Presser Company. Theo writbook helpful a most Living,"and of fourth $1,500 "Healthful awards Two 5th 216 Publishing W. Company, Lorenz also will be expert nutrition leading a ten by each. scholarships year one is fide Street, Ohio Dayton, assist to bona offer you free. This sent

be advice may obligation. The withoutand Voluntaries Number fifth av/ards of $1,000 and Two Ashford—Hymn you confidence whether utmost withfollowed

each. scholarships One year one not. or this System in foods use the

Ashford—Hymn Voluntaries Number The contest is open to all amateurs TODAY COUPON MAIL age States the within the United of Two

Z.C.M.I.-l Kain Jean Ida Voluntaries limits 25. of Piano 18 and CO., FOOD CREEK BATTLE THE Voluntaries Number Mich. Creek, Battle the states that announcement AshfordAshford—Piano The Diet Free your of myself avail I want Two the Fifth National headquarters of below. is checked problem diet Service. Myto Melodia The Living.""Healthful of send copy Also Buildthe in are Albee Audition

for Pipe or Radio Preludes Constipation Organ [jUnderweight ThirtyNine Overweight orthat ing, Washington, and D. C, problem) diet your (Check Stomach Organ. Sour Reed

Name Preludes and Postludes for Pipe and Reed ganization of state and community prelimto take charge of committees

Address Organ—Mansfield. tests spring the and during inary Shelley the Organ, for $1.75 City - State Melodie at once. will begin months, Jackson the Organ, summer Gems for

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 363

Adult Department ** [Continued from page 353] "Salety First The M. I. A. Adult Class of Di- A

mond ward, San Francisco stake, held their Old Time party and all had awonderful time, enjoying the quaInvestment reels, fingerpolka anddrilles, Virginia

Dividends Paid Regularly time dances the old ofmany more and games. We finished the eveningwith cake, sandwiches, pickles and Quarterly—Semiannually—Annually

cider. 25 YEARS

Every one enjoyed it so much that are planningwe another old time party No Loss To Any Investor entire ward. thefor

to'$100.00 Per Month—Rose Eddington. Installment Shares 50c

DESERET BUILDING SOCIETY "Old Reliable People's Company"

Gleaner Girls 44 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Department MonthlyAssets:payment$2,600,000.00loans 3 to 10 years

[Continued from page 355] 6% AND SAFETY IS BETTER THAN 10% PERHAPS he was the laziest boy in the 13 th ward.

Someone told Heber what the bishop had said, and it made him more determined than ever that some day he would build for his mother. a fine home Save

fifteen years old he joined about When a penmanship and bookkeeping class. One day he was writing on his book Your

and some of the boys were standing

Pointing him. his desk watchingaround said, Money fellows to his writing of the one

"What does Hebe's writing remind you Why waste $60.00 on

of?"One boy answered, "Hentracks,"Certificate when Joseph

but another said, "No, you're wrong; Wm. Taylor can furthat's lightning struck the inkbottle."nish a complete funeral

Heber jumped up and said, "I'll live to for a little more than see the day when I'll teach penmanship a Certificate 'costs.

and bookkeeping in the University of Service, quality and

Deseret."He had set himself a hard prices not equaled by

task, one /that took years to accomplish. The Leading Mortician anyone,

a fine pen- | at Being kept his work. Embalmer Expert Taylor and He Joseph Wm. urateoffice aiiuand resilienceresidence Was.was. 7600i n< Phonernone bothuom Street I 125.North Mara well, for he made served money him man

endorsing policies and writing visiting cards.

Later he secured a position in Zion's ***r

Savings Bank. At that early day the

institution was a small one and Heber did the work of the cashier, paying and janitor, teller, and bookkeeper receiving For insurance. still he time to solicit had and

He must make good the promise to build a home for his mother. Your Sake

Before he was twentyone the house was finished. Many friends of the family,

invited were Bishop Woolley, including said to the Our Sake Heber to the dedication.

bishop, "I want to thank you for the remark you made about building a home for Mother. It aroused my determination Health's Sake

and now I want to ask you to dedicate the house."

(The above statement is correct. Bishop

become that I had remarked Woolley the Use his ward, in young man hardest working and suggested that President Daniel H.

Wells dedicate mother's home, which he did. Heber J. Grant.

(See article in memory of three valiant Church workers—Zina Y. Card, BenjaBEET SUGAR

min Goddard and B. Morris Young, page

329, this Era.) m * '

364 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

>&r**&*J0*><S?r,&rxJ0-,%0r10ri0rv

January MI.A. Report of Accomplishments

3-0 =.S v 2 gf. E o> o =02 m E 3 oj C ="<

TO a—> flj CM**a W

"C3 O oE i: w o w > id S oj re pj |Se n3 5 OJ COa. C7 *+- "5 Of Course I oj OJ *J o C *- C. J.v>*- j5-g n> w o o D E

a. n. OTqj: 2.5 >13 5 You'll Be in Salt 1 Y.M. Y.L. Y.M I Y.L.I Y.M. I Y.L. Y.M.I Y.L. Jo'nt Joint I Joint | Joint

Bannock 8 3 2 1 3 80 2 2 Bear Lake.. 12 Lake to Attend Alberta 11 10 4 9 6 7 47 3 B 9 7 12 11 12 67 10 10 7

.... Bear River 12 6 6 SO 11 10 11 11

Conference BeaverBenson 145 145 135 27 145 69 5075 134 B4

Blackfoot 13 7 7 6 5 4 71 6 2 Blaine 6 4 1 5 4 5 2 2 1 72 * Boise 10 10 10 9 10 5 6 4 78

Boxelder 13 13 9 12(i 9 13 12 78 9

KV. Cache 8 8 8 7 7 6 69 8 3

Carbon 9 1 5 5 2 3 4 100 Cassia 9* 6 5 5 4 3 4 50 Cottonwood... 10 9 5 7 3 5 6 45

Be Sure to Call CurlewDeseret 126 5S 55 26 33 8342 28 118

Duchesne 11 3 5 2 3 2 East Jordan. 11 10 9 6 8 4 86

Emery 8 5 4 2 4 1 37 and Buy the Ensign 50 4* 73 8 8 8 3 5* 36 17 8 4

Franklin # 11 11 11 11 11 7 75

Fremont 14 14 14 9 6 10 10 75 Additions Newest to Garfield 8 5 3 B 1 2 2 63

Granite 10 10 10 6 64 8 7 * Grant 14 14 13 12 4 13 50 Literature Church Gunnison 7 4 6 7 4 5 2 7 6 7 73

Hollywood 12 11 11 11 10 7 11 5 7 6 3 60

Idaho Falls... 12 12 11 5 9 9 11 2 66 xr*. Juab 5 5 5 5 B B 5 2 60

Juarez 6 3 2 2 2 1 75 2 2 Kanab 7 6 5 6 2 4 70 6 2 Kolob 5 5 6 1 2 1 48 ** 8 5 5 3 4 2 4 4 100 We Have Several Lethbridge

Lehi ** 6 5 5 5 5 5 75 Liberty 12 12 12 12 5 * 23 12 84

Logan 11 11 8 4 3 8 7 80 New and Interesting

Angeles Los 10 10 9 7 7 3 59 Lost River...... 11 4 3 3 1 2 2 49

6 4 4 1 2 4 3 45 Titles to Show You. LymanMalad 9 9 9 5 6 5 3 40

Maricopa 10 9 10 9 7 7 83 * 10 tbM MillardMinidoka 86 45 44 44 24 33 6554 4* 21

Moapa 10 5 7 6 7 4 73 9 7* Montpelier 13 10 1 6 5 6 4 11

Morgan 8 7 7 6 5 3 75 * Moroni 5 5 5 5 2 4 2 71 8 Mt. Ogden.... 8 7 8 6 5 7 88

Nebo 9 9 9 5 9 6 65 ** 3 7 Deseret Book Nevada 3 3 3 1 40

North Davis.. 7 B 7 7 6 4 60 6

North 5 Sanpete 5 4 4 5 4 Company North Sevier 5 4 4 67 5* 31 2 3 2 78

12 12 12 10 6 8 10 78 44 East on South Temple St. NorthOgden Weber 14 14 13 11 13 4 25 9 5

Oneida 11 11 10 8 8 4 6 7 7 B0 * 25

Oquirrh 6 6 6 6 5 6 82 3 5 Palmyra 9 9 6 9 7 6 7 5 40 * 1 6 Panguitch 3 3 3 2 2 2 30 2 10 10 10 B 9 6 85 6 v*Or>&&'*4?* PioneerPocatello 10 9 9 6 7 8 87 9 8

Portneuf 7 6 6 6 4 4 3 100 5 4

Raft River.... 6 4 2 1 1 3

Rigby 13 9 8 8 B B 6 i 3 4 76.... 8 St. George 6 6 4 5 5 5 6

* Shelley 9 6 6 8 5 5 4 6 58.. South 8 Davis 5 8 7 6 5 8 4 65 BE "5 INDEPENDENT * Sevier 8 South 8 8 8 7 7 6 90 5

.... * Valley 11 10 8 No Other 3 3 4 Vocation So Profitable I Star B 50

13 8 Summit 8 6 1 8 53 2 ENROLL NOW 5 7 7 Sharon 4 5 5 4 6 **2 75

For a Complete Course at the 13 11 11 Salt Lake 12 12 7 11 9 2* 47 10 70 3 2 San Juan 2 2 1 1 75 Sevier 8 8 8 4 8 65 * 11 6 5 4 St. Johns 3 2 3 2 75 ofQuish School Beauty Culture

* St. Joseph 16 12 12 7 12 12 84 11

in The Best the West 6 Taylor 6 6 4 2 3 4 65 4 7 Teton 7 7 5 3 5 70 2 3 304-9 Ezra Bldg. Thompson * 6 6 4 4 Timpanogos 1 5 S 100 CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH 4 4 Tintic 4 2 1 2 2 1 57

* 10 5 Tooele 5 1 2 2 46 For Furtner Information4<A/ '""-. "*'%!!:;!ss. 4 4 4 3 Twin Falls 1 1 2 64 3

and Catalog Call * 10 8 Uintah 8 7 8 5 I 3 100 5 5 Union 5 2 7560 Wasatch 1 01 5 2 71 9 8 9 8 5 6 86 5 Fill 7 7 in This WasatchUtah 5 * I 6 5 5 85 Coupon 6 4 4 2 * 1I 2 Wayne 9 3 45 9 9 7 4 Weber 8 3 7 73 8 6 6 6 West Jordan... 5 4 40 4

Woodruff 4 4 4 1 4 3 65 2 Yellowstone 10 10 10 7 8 4 70 10 3

Young 5 3 2 3 3 66 1 1 The Improvement Era for April, 1931 365

January M.LA. Report of Accomplishments

—O * fcS S3-B 2LI.3 5.S a5 E.E

5rt "exoj oa?

I Y.M.I Y.LI Y.M.I Y.L.I Y.M.I Y.L.I Y.M.I Y.L.I Joint Joint Joint Joint

Zion Park, 7 7 5 6 7 81 7 California Mission.. 13 16 13 16 9 13 10 13 11 88 14

Eastern States 11 10 12 10 10 10 11 10 11 10 50 3 10 84 14 12 14 17 20Northwestern "6 1 2 95 7 14Northern "3 1 3 3 61 "3 "e3 3 3 "5 "i6 14Central States

Texas 5 4 3 3 2 4 4 75 Stake. February Stake.

have they in which splendid the way stakes congratulate the on to wish General Boards The

I. A., and L. in Y. the M. for January reported stakes have 13 thiB All but month.responded

to remind wish year. the rest of the for We and February reporting to have 100% hopewe

for a asking are as we inasmuch is important one exceptionally report an the that Marchyou check up now, and forward look to etc. projects, Begin activities, work, contest ofreport

so that we may have a complete report from all of the stakes. Speechless

.WhenAFewWords

WouldHaveMadeMe Expatriation ifBut Now 1 Can Face the Largest Audience*!

II Without ATrace ofStage Fright! J*

[Continued from page 328] THEthe annualbiggest banquetmen in ofthe ourindustryAssociationpresent without—and

to on mythe mindChairmanwent me!her admission that she liked him calledblank and I half rose,speak—andwarningbowed awkwardly

telegram to you'll excuse was mumbled, afraid have "I'm LONG conwas time, he invery much; chair. in today,"dropped back and me my Redfield San from sent to JudgeA have would a words few her toward conduct hisfident, Speechless—when

little simple If I a have made me! made that conveying Francisco, word love. deeper a conditions Upon of trade opinion win mycouldwould

a in I witty, concise, speech—givingin interesting be a way, them with Nell know would feelher to distastefulseeing how life! for been have would made good days. She had few very discovered like I then a week IAnd was, marriage immediateings an I was stage to overcome mylater how visit as her magicfright—and inasmuch but news, conidea, but natural I that actually a had learn that to amazed abandonedhe

it a of aid duration, the short gift for speaking. be of With might engagement. for an plead totinued I rapidly study method splendid home publicnew her keep to advisable be would ridiculously a until, gift in developed this

audiences giant I to face able time, short was snarled up until secret be will absolutely return "Things refright. This statre of trace a she—without "if selfcon- argued, a has ever,"training seen he made markable me them. than hadworse

overnight. fident aggressive talker—almost are. as you now go homeyou ***** the the of homeapproach With is becoming about trick, mystery no There no with in them on drop youSuppose brildis- convincing girl's a powerful and mental the hour coming speaker-—a

too, You, conversationalist. liant, fluent easy, removed birth of your cloudthe every increased. turbance With selfcon- fright, timidity, stage can conquer married. are What advancethey beforejust bashfulness, winning sciousness and train, flying traversed the mile by,in standing, social salary, popularity, ment She Jessie do? Everettwill and amazing new success. through an and Now, see parents her eagerness became to

shape quickly can training study you home as brave be she feel that mustwill acute. Nate influential about But what outstanding yourself more into an

jail relinquish five oras were to speaker and dominate one able man you heard Jessie? not She had and thousand. sake, and for yourclaim him on booklet. lover's return her of from This for Amazing former Send FREE

is training of method matter newas a there been ample This had but of principle. Can't Egypt, to interesting Work very in a fullyHow described

see it?"toyou sent being Words, booklet,now Wonders With perhaps time for to do so, and him it In you below. the mailing coupon everyone

will enthis are told easy method new already married. were they how The it; see but I can Dick, "Yes, selfcon- fright, stage able conquer to you arrive in that she thought might fear. timidity, sciousness, bashfulness and long soI've been home away

are this for and sent booklet have Thousands for the almost time made wedding than so suffered it. areand their in praise of You unstinting frommuch—more

told can this If you beating. cease how heart her Sent than even ever more know, canyou debring out and iyow situation, to the be were found I pricebe- velop yourI realized. when have i / Now

id "h den*Kkr, less accept Possibly she Dick? should it in be I to engaged wantcome nat- / a knack"—the

,- gift ural Jessie within case Nate's not with had "&"!>h apthe with and home ownmy you. can You oh-/ #!*&*%

-..-. satisfactorily progressed he and tain your parents."copys ofproval my

absolutely free by """"Stes* first his sweetheart. claim would

couthe sending l|g# the for therefore, gave up Dick, bepon. event such In an would what

leave to obligedpresent. He was in her come of the who, man Institute American North before weeksfor the States Chicago, 111. two Ave., Dept. 4184, loneliness Michigan dear 3601 very become had

get steamer. a could Fromshe 4184, Institute, Dept. American her? to And what would become North

Illinois. Chicago, 3601 Michigan to go he Francisco mustSan Jessie? of obligation without and Send FREEAve., me

to booklet, inspiring How recertain your of copy to make myWashington infull and Words, With Wonders Work reto afterports, he was which in EfCourse your regarding formation fective Speaking.ceive a lengthy furlough and would H:ER destination was Name

meet her upon arrival home or reached at night and a joyous welAddress—

very shortly thereafter. come extended and received withCity State

366 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

out attracting undue attention. In not sure our own views on this

the old home, a hundredfold subject were sound. That is not

dearer now because it had seemed an important question now. The

Distinctive forever lost, she told of her disimportant point is that people covery. should be convinced they are right

in. of such a matter moment. The the for accounts then, "That, fact decide imdid not that you

see to manifested me Jack anxiety indicates the very charpulsively when he felt his illness would be acter which it has been our hope letter last him, fatal. from TheTYPE develop. But might and prayer we persuaded the which one and about Dick now?"us how dicIslands, the he for leave to

tated to this woman Elinor. In "I love him dearly, but cannot FACES

it he conveyed the idea, purposely consent, at least not at present,

Correct in Style for no doubt so as not to arouse her to a marriage. Why, the big,

jealousy, that there were important goodnatured boy seems just like business matters to adjust. Un- a brother. He'll be here before

this story, and not foreseeing his I am free to marry, my feelings Society doubtedly he wanted to tell me long, and with the knowledge that sudden death, preferred to do it in may change. In the meantime,

and paper."person rather than to trust it to Jessieand theirand plansNate mustlove eachbe carriedother

"What about Nate?"This out, though Jessie of course will

for me. Now we Commercial questionfrom the hadmomentbeen sheon steppedNell's lipsoff givebe generoushim up enough to offer to

the train. Likewise the answer must bring Dick forward. You

had been on their's, but question can emphasize the statement which in letter that than more made my delayed'as one I were and answer Printing I him. accepted once have almost hesitates cold into over a plunge

he arrives can him we show When breathgirl waited water. the Now

Isn't A'. that as 'Exhibit what lessly for the reply seemed which

an unreasonably long time in comyou lawyers call it?"

See our specimens of ing.

Modern Wedding "His engagement to Jessie is an- 1 HE girl was trying

Invitations nounced, though the date for the to introduce lightness into an opwedding has not been set. Can pressive subject. That her paryou forgive us, dear child, for our ents were deeply troubled at this

part in bringing this about?"phase of the situation, and par-

"Of course, there is nothing to ticularly because of the part they

The Deseret themforgive,formallyand Iengaged,expectedif notto marfind hadwas veryplayedevident.in bringing it about,

is clear. ried. course my Now night the entire Almost this for miracDick, but whom subject. in discussing the spent never discovery probably ulous Press News was the plan only daughter's was The is already been have made, would

itself, feasible presented one which States. in the United know You Street Richards 29 reconciled ostensibly to while and

is to me. he anxious marry how

it, Salt eyes of the those keen City Lake who

I Jessie Fortunately, wrote from suffidetected well so her knew telling perilously her Tonga, how cient to temper disappointment

I near to with engagement an was

Dick. Perhaps she showed the their otherwise perfect joy.

The Utah High shelettermightto you.do so."I suggested that happyUponreturn,learningJessieofdidherwhatfriend'sNell

foreseen and predicted—-insistSchool of Beauty "Yes, we read it."had

Culture ed that Nate be released from all her. offer, disappointed obligations were to in me "And This

Salt Clift Bldg., 331 Lake for character?"of with wholeheart- apparent At made my lack a profession that Learn would make

rejected, edness, Nell for it moment, was felt she would was rest independent of the for the you your life. Write for catalog. rather choose lifelong expatriation evident her affections had gone out

Mail this Coupon. than disappoint these dear ones to Nate, sincerely and deeply if

whose chief care in life had been not enthusiastically.

Name to develop within her an impregAddress nable conscience. Dick wrote from Washington

almost daily, and there was no

CityWe can provide room and board to "No, we were not,"the judge lack of color in his letters. Smilstudents out of town. assured her. "Mother and I disingly, Nell showed these to her

cussed it at great length and were parents and Jessie and with such

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 367

outward pleasure that the friend "How I wish you were here to was well pleased with the situation enjoy with me the sunrise as I though Nell was not so certain see it from the summit of the largabout the judge, whose innate abilest pyramid. Then the scene

ity and years of training, she knew, spread out between here and Cairo, enabled him to look more deeply which perhaps for interest cannot into people's hearts than was combe surpassed in the world, would fortable under present circumnot pall upon me. The city's

stances. artistic spires and minarets are

glistening in the morning sunlight.

are there, this point and anBetween this time A,-BOUT as fields any as luxuriant corn of

It letter Nell. toother had came years seven the flourished in which to Apia, Cairo frombeen mailed of plenty when the provident Josreaching that place after her delaid save plans to Egypt from eph her followedparture, had and

the famine. impending The hisIn the Great Shops of tusuppress could not Shehome.

feet, toric at Nile is almost my the excitementmultuous when is inscrutable the Sphinx, below she it to and herjudge handed fate disturbed as the has so which the handwriting. wellsaw known

life; sinoffering behind, and my in life slaving away your Don't spend It trembling opened with was COYNE satisfied be job! dull, Don't hopeless some before gular contrast to the view $30 $20 week. a for mere work her of privacy in the andhands

is to desert, ormake MOLet aREAL show forbidding the how tome Libyan me palperused with was in roomown FASTESTRADIO-THEyou NEY as future as appeared barren my MONEYMAK- GROWING, heart.pitating EARTH! ING GAME ONBIGGEST left me. you when ran, missive the so Nell,""Dear

it is these at to look fun "What to Salaries Leading Jobs effort to making no "Because I am see I'd our rather alone! things

to America return to persuade you of a and $60 Up Week at you. capitol with state home to to permission come to or wring Tester, Inspector as and Designer, Jobs engageformal of view "In a $10,000 my Radio year—as to $3,000 paying I cannot in home, your new you Installation Service in and Salesman and I girl, perhaps another to ment at as $100 to $45 Operator work, a week—lines a violation of these consider

Station, at a Broadcasting of Manager or Certhis write way. shouldn't

a Wireless Operator $1,800 $5,000 to year—as to write. not promisemy is it to heart as a be Picture in Airplane, Talking tainly a not Ship or on my delicacy the "Notwithstanding of or OpSound ExpertHUNDREDS last Jessie, the for to unfair but fascinating, Jobs! portunities for Pay BIG positions, but remembering of our

I with you time communing am fitit relations, seems former our < * Lessons Books No at I No letter as help doing cannot by tell after that, for to ting you me lost spirit. in times All Goodbye Actual my Work Jessie your of learning through

School. is Correspondence a Coyne We NOT sweetforgotten be to never but to or books you teach from I don't attempt full marriage, of approval our

have written her to announce the heart."onlessons.the greatestWe teachoutlayyou ofby Radio,ACTUALBroadcastWORK

engagement and to proceed with ing,PracticeTelevision,equipmentTalkingin anyPictureschool. andAndCodebeuseless theory, graduate you cut out

weeks'in 10 Radio Expert preparations for the wedding. Per- 1\GAIN as on a former causeas a Practicalwe

haps this word has already reached occasion, when the news of her time.

you, though cruel as it may seem, supposed Fijian blood had been I hope to be the one to break this received, Nell flung herself disconTELEVISION

Is Here! 7<ow It solately bed. painnews. was on the

is already Soon TELEVISION And of for clear 'could be fully a demand Ithat ever she made was now of my "No secret gets who! THOUSANDSThemanhere! EXPERTS

as Jessie. she undernever love another for fondness Television can of groundfloor You make the loved TELEVISIONthere'llin on

a FORTUNE sentiNate. very of merely a Dick approved was stood and my vision at COYNEin thisonnewthefield!very Learnlatest TeleTele-

vision equipment. it readily sure, dear friend, a brother, or and ments and can, I am

feeling useless to in that consider of was him understand how any Talking Pictures degrief light. other the gradually could comradeship was With

velop to its present stage. For her mingled some bitterness at a fate A Big Field

part she knows how sincerely I so unkind. Talkingtems offerPictures,thousandsandofPublicgolden AddreBBopportunitiesSysLearn Man. Trained realizes Radio the to to enforced she at COYNE without be should loved you and Why Picture Reproand Talking Sound actual on

this that jealousy I love second a martyrtime you still. dure equipment. duction

I last the that of your from emerged mind Once "At dom? am Learn Earn As You again. hell she never should veritable meet had where we You

Life. Service for Employment get Free You

as yourself, for so long, buried in while at have torment parttime writhed work if and need I am you And we'll help expenses, you help school to pay at of graveside the standing one prospect the of with and now a i n Training old. it. is 32 years Coyne get Coyne

everything find out the Coupon for a lost sweetheart. In my heart measure of peace for her, why was islutelytested—Youfree. JUSTcan MAIL absoMy you are, and always will be my she cast into the scorching flames BIG FREE BOOK.

sweetheart. anew? Far better to have remained H. C. Lewis, President

'To you it is not necessary to in Samoa with the feeling that Radio500 S. PaulinaDivision,St.,CoyneDept.Electrical415C, Chicago,School 111.

all Book and Radio your Free Big Jessie. Send for me praise she of speak no right to marry, than had words

Offer. Introductory Special details of your

as this ever. sweet torment! and as good She is obligate way. not in any does This me

As a friend I can love her sinHer father and mother came to Name cerely and hope to succeed in makthe door, but the girl felt she could Address ing myself love her as I have and not face them, and the flimsy exCity do you. cuse offered must have reveialed

368 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

the turmoil in her soul as plainly shall inherit all things; and I will

as her swollen eyes would have be his God, and he shall be my

Lighten done. son."all things?WhatOf ifwhatshe valuedid inheritwould

DuiTRING Nell's extheyButbe despitewithouttheNate?bitterness, Nell Kitchen Tasks patriation she had learned to face was not irreverent, and the profacts and decide her course by phetic promise brought with it, if

With reason and not by hysterical imnot peace, at least composure. A

pulse. The troubled voices of her surprising discovery made on the

parents outside the door recalled Islands recurred to her mind, that her to a semblance of calmness. resisting one's natural desires, even

The situation demanded clear though they can not be whollyELECTRIC thinking. To wreck the happiness suppressed, brings a distinct meaof her dearest friend would be more sure of happiness.

ignoble than marriage when she Her mind, though well discithought her blood was impure. plined, was too confused to lay COOKING When it was determined to refair hold on a hope as chimerical

linquish Nate, sentiment, comparaas the one suggested by this train tively, was the only thing inof thought, but out of the chaos volved. But now something deeper a resolute determination emerged

and more vital must be considered, to be true to her conception of principle. Despite her own abyswhat was right.

Every modern woman knows mal despair there was more need Nell was conscious that Jessie that Electric Cooking elimfor courage under these circumwas not a girl to be won by halfinates drudgery—adds constances than formerly. hearted wooing; nor was it Nate's

leisure to the forcompelled was That she love indifferently, nature to make is economical as evermore to give all hope up veniencehome—andand she accepted of although as truth

well. Nate was a fact which must be every word of his letter. Whatfaced. She had fought out this ever other conclusion might be

battle many times in the past, but reached as to her own plans it was how it was to be done now offered clear that their affair must go formany new perplexities. To reward.

main "here and.see another girl

making preparations to marry the I,LN the interview which man she loved better than life itensued with her parents, Mrs. Redself, would, she feared, be unenfield, as was her wont, left the

durable. But even to hint at going complicated matter to the judge,

all again reveal away to would his fertile but even could mind into our store and Come state see concerned feeltrue the of her find solution. no talked Nate had of splendid the models ings thwart her and purpose. long confidentially and with him,

In the event that strength were he explained, had laid open the

Hotpoint given to crucify her own feelings innermost recesses of his heart and and, by outwardly making the wherein it was evident the fraternal affection he entertained always had Westinghouse mostand Jessieof Dick'soff theefforts,scent, throwcould Natesuch for Jessie to turned had gradually

Automatic Electric a course be pursued in fairness to a feeling which justified a proDick? to it honorable Was use posal of marriage. It could not Ranges on Display insure even to catspaw him as a be said that inever Nate was

tensely fenthusiastic this in new FIVE DOLLARS DOWN herher friend'sparents happiness?after what Shetheyknewhad effort at lovemaking, but he was

places one in your home comalready witnessed, would not be sincere and, the judge felt, had pletely in deceived by her best efforts at actcompletely love. her won installed.—Balance ing. small monthly payments. "Perhaps I'm an oldfashioned

fool,"he continued much deNiIELL could not think pressed, "but experience and obthe thing through to its finality, servation have taught me that enbut for the present must take one during happiness must be bought step at a time. The one thing with a price. Sometimes it's

that occurred to her was to go marked up, sometimes down. But

the with problem to her the market, sympawhatever my sincere Utah Power 8 thetic parents, belief is that a lifelong always doing right

Light Co* habit until compelled by absence solutely the only legal tenderis withabto solve perplexing questions alone. which it can be purchased. I can

Efficient Public Service Was it mockery that the judge's not change that conviction any favorite scriptural passage came to more than you can help loving her mind: "He that overcometh Nate."

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 369

"And I would not have you the judge, and in view of my reWhat a lot of misfortunes have change it, Father."Nell tenderly gard for Jessie it seemed the senscome upon you. First I go awaykissed and smoothed the troubled ible thing to do. But now—"He when you need me and then come

brow. "I must go back to Samoa, could not continue. home suddenly when you don't

I'm in the way here."need me."

The mother intervened, as I do need you, Nell, more mothers always do in matters inHE girl laid her hand than at any other time in my life."volving separation. tenderly onT"Buthis arm. "Poor Nate! "No, it would be better if I

"But I can't stay here, Mother, and be tortured. It's a slow crucifixion."When in Los Angeles Have Your Eyes

Examined! glasses, have examined fit with and We when Redfield j Mrs. and Mr.

necessary, of missionaries for the 100% this true was whenrealized how 4* 10 years.

they witnessed the first meeting

S. Grandbetween Nell and Nate who ar- J. EARL SALTER, Opt. D., 650205 Quinby Bid?. VA 4415

rived unexpectedly a few days later.

It was evident their selfrestraint was taxed to the uttermost to keep from flying into each other's arms.

The first moment they were alone, Nate seized the girl's hands impulsively and would have embraced her but she gently repulsedhim. MORE

"Oh, Nell, what can I say or do? I can't give you up. I've

been in torment ever since youwent away. Something in my POWER

soul told me you would come back to me, and yet I was persuaded WITH GREATER that it could never be. Your

parents and mine urged me on, and I thought if I married Jessieand went away it would even be ECONOMY better for you, for then you could of course motoring, enjoyreturn home. I've You that But now it to the to enjoy you want but ifseen again it you be wicked would

to marry anyone else."utmost, use Pep 88 gasoline and

oil. These famous Vico motor before long It was the overto extra refined are products

girlwrought could coherently exof quality. standards They highpress herself.

smoothness, your a give motor there's "Nate, only thing one that speed, economy and power to do, crisis this meet as met we fuel lubricant can other and nothe other that lives. upset our Marto equal! Vico and Put 88 Pepriage to you have been diswould test. will bring any you They

honorable when I thought my new exhilaration in driving.

blood was tainted, but think how much more dishonorable it would be to marry you now! You love

Jessie of course?"

"I think more of her than of any other girl in the world except you. She's attractive and sociable

and has always been congenial. I

will confess that there have even been times when I was almost enthusiastic about our marriage, but more often my feelings for her have not been stronger than they were when she was our jolly companion. Your father has known

exactly how I felt and has thought, as perhaps I have, that this was enough foundation upon which to Made and Guaranteed by Utah Oil Refining Co., Salt Lake City

build domestic life. My parents

were eager for the match, so was 370 The Improvement Era for April, 1931 had not come back, and unless you a. m. aaaaaagsigs55 sa1*

will solemnly"promise to remember

Nature Never Made, youragain.dutyFatherto Jessieis Irightshall whengo awayhe Piano Classes

Nor Has Man sayswhichno ispathstrewncan leadwithto happinessthe dead for Beginners

Discovered Finer hopes of our friends. Nate, your

father has always been rather stern

Fuels Than with you, and perhaps you can't Our years of experience have understand how I feel, but after demonstrated that the adall the tenderness my father and vancement made by the class mother have shown me, I would piano student compares faKNIGHT sooner be cut into little pieces than vorably with that made unmake them feel that I am lacking der individual instruction,

Spring in Thoughcharacter."he plead with her to and the tuition is lower.

permit an explanation to be made Classes for beginning stuto Jessie, or rather, that she would dents, 8 to 14 years of age, will be included in our SumCanyon accept the offer which Jessie had

Session, 8 mer June to July already to made withdraw from 18. for Send our Summer the field, Nell knew he would and be Catalog today. disappointed in her sense of right

Royal toif sheher diddeterminedso. He yieldedrequestsat andlast

promised to go on with the wedding arrangements. McCUNE Coals School of Music and Art

From Utah's deepest coal JeESSIE and Nate were 200 North Main

Salt Lake City, Utah seam, Knight Spring Canyon atannouncedthe Redfieldhimselfhomein whenaccordanceDick

Coal comes hard and straightwith a previous letter. Nell was

grained. It burns long with aware that her friends were furtively taking mental of her note

clean, intense heat. Royal and, words and actions womanCoal is the quick starting, like, she gave the dashing officer

freeburning coal that leaves a welcome with which he was visibly delighted.

so little ash or soot.

'Think of my good luck,"he Call your Knight Spring beforeexclaimedthe enthusiasticallyformal greetingsalmostwere

Canyon and Royal Dealer. over. "I'm assigned to special duty

for six months which will keep me between Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis. Could anything be better—for me?"

"And for all of us,"Nell added for in Salt Lake and with such apparent WHEN M smilingly, Conference, make sincerity that at even Nate looked her questioningly. our office your Headquarters.

(Conclusion next month) See various sizes of "Caterpillar"tractors on display.

Royal Coal

f/ot'nC/ean LANDES TRACTOR & KNIGHT FUEL CO. EQUIPMENT CO.

236 West So. Temple St. ROYAL COAL CO.

L. E. Adams, General Agent Salt Lake City, Utah

818 Newhouse Building Salt Lake City, Utah

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 371

into the court and footsteps turned as tensely, rose slowly, the pair A Gift From God to the fearing spell BAND INSTRUMENTS break [Continued from page 344] though on nearer steps of a dream. drew The

be harsh could strong and big and to the rushed the couple and Trial Free door. Ten Day were his eyes cruel, but now and gate it, the reached opened As they for Particulars Mail 'Coupon

soft and full of friendship. and childish laughter was heard.

"Toto,"he quavered. "Toto!"The woman put her Music Advancement Ass'n

Bldg. Strange Templeton 615 "Toto. name—almost cry. single into soul the whole Salt City, Utah Lake you do like name. a And Gypsy I've the papa, had maman, "Oh

please send cataobligation Without to home, go Toto?"want terror yesof his time."All logues information. and let go best Please yes! me "Oh forgotten. terday was "The

- Name child. cried the home,"a last night Gypsies me, but took Address toback will go we "Come, back brought Gypsy me man

gether, hand in hand."again. He told me to give you I am interested in a

For some time the silence was only broken by their footfalls and [Continued on page 376] by the boy's convulsive sobbing which had become a habit with him since morning.

At length the man again spoke. "Do you go to church, Toto?"Utah's Summer School

"Oh no! Father would never

allow that. He doesn't believe of Service

those fairy tales about God and about Christmas."With the idea of offering courses desired by the people of the State,

"Yet God has given him much in all grades of collegiate work, the for Christmas tonight,"said the

Gypsy, and then again lapsed into silence. UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

The dawn was just breaking as will again present an outstanding Summer School of Service. Courses

the two reached the outskirts of of general interest, as well as many courses of special value to teachers

Orleans. and recreational leaders, will be offered. The welltrained University

"Can you find your way from staffcarefully(mostlychosendepartmentdistinguishedheads),educationalwill be supplementedspecialists: by the following here?"demanded the man.

whose of the Goodman cried Toto, UniverDivision of "Of course,"MACDONALD, JOSHI, EARL DR. SUNDER

formerly Theatre, Chicago Repertory State sity DeMassachusetts Extension, risen as he spirits had steadily Univer-; at in instructor Play Production Education. of partment

College. State Illinois, sity Kansas of and fear his that neared home. Now

recently Lec- H. DR. ROBSON, WILLIAM felt faculty gay. visiting excited list outof-state and of this he passed To had University History, in turer Boston

: P. ProCottam, Dr. Walter been added; British of and has Series formerly Extension said, as won't he "But laughed He; J. Spencer B. of Y. Botany, U. fessor schools. African South

Salt Lake Music, of Supervisor Cornwall, see and mapapa and come you; Teacher, Visiting Peterson, City Hazel M. workof author C. SHECK, CHARLES see a like to Dept., should Salt Girls'in Attendance of charge They man? texts in Reading History and books and

; in Instructor L. Bastow, City Mary Lake I sure. Cincinnati. in of real University Lecturer Gypsy, Maman am; GradHarwood, Art, Ruth C. A. Branch

always was afraid of them, but DR. P. F. VALENTINE, Professor of EduuateSylvia StudentBurt, Graduatein EuropeanStudentArtin Physicalcenters

you're!so nice, she couldn't be cation, State Teachers College, San Education, Wellesley College; Harvey L.

( afraid of you."Francisco. Decker,Music, UniversityTeaching Fellowof Californiain Psychology; Wallaceof

P. in Goates, George Student Graduate softly. National smiled CARLSON, "No,"OLGA the man

of the Yale School UniDrama, tional Headquarters, Girl Scout Instructor, NewNa- A.Baker's somehere is "I But must return. versity. York. thing to give your father—a Special Lecturers: Dr. David Snedden, Professor of Education, Columbia University

Teachers for College Psychology, Peabody of Dr. Peterson, present Professor me."Joseph He Christmas from

; Rabbi Felix; Dr. H.Levy,G. University State Education, of Ohio History of Good, Professor child the Testaworn handed the Chicago. Society, Jewish Chautauqua

ment he had been carrying.

HIGH EDUCATIONAL STANDARDS

at credits elsewhere transference of rating assures educational Utah's high the found Morning complete to group courses will include full curriculum value. broad The of the in the court little house certificates diplomas, teachers'and requirements courses for requirements, to meet

Rue de Chene * * * unchanged. and one of the most complete programs in dramatic presentation and the

The cold grey light stealing technique of stage setting ever offered at the Summer Session. Courses for

through the open window showed scout leaders and people interested in the development of youth.

a man and a woman bowed toExceptional Advantages for Study are Available in Salt Lake City gether in an attitude of prayer. One Term of Six Weeks—June 15 to July 23 Long ago, words failed them, but Complete catalogue will appear in April

their bleeding hearts still plead for grace. Suddenly the stillness is broken UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

by the sound of running feet. The SALT LAKE CITY

man and the woman grew tense and listened breathlessly. The

372 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

The Westward March of America [Continued from page 325] KETCHUM sunrise lands to our realms beyond new epoch in our history. The

the Rockies. The day has come eightyone mountaineers in coonBuilder's Supply Go. when this allAmerican history skin caps and buckskins, bidding

Everything for the Builder must be taught in all our schools. goodbye to wives and sweethearts,

Here is a new force to promote again drove away to the West,

BEST IN MATERIALS national unity and good will. The but this time with thousands to

LOWEST PRICES epic story of the winning of our shout good cheer, and with a diWest cuts across all sectional lines. rigible floating overhead to the

It clears away artificial barriers, outskirts of the farflung, modern interlinking every state with all city. The mountaineers of those

the others in bonds of true kindays a century ago went out for ties ship, tradition. of heroic It furs their but in quest they opened LUMBER illumines the meaning and spirit the for the covered; way wagon MOULDINGS, LATTICE, PICKETS,

POSTS, BATTEN, ETC. of real Americanism. It inspires pioneers to take their wives and

confidence and courage for the piochildren into the conquest of our neering adventures of this new day. transmountain West. April 10 SASH and DOORS are the impelling These motives significance is a date of national

that have inspired those who have lifted into the clear by the CenPaint—Oil—Glass guided the Covered Wagon Centennial.

Builders Hardware tennial. group of generous The of Oregon—May Americans sustained have Roofing Materials and who date given national 2—isTheanotherbirthday directed it have to sought pay this our prominence during year of Fencing

Nation's long tribute delayed to commemoration. in day On that Cement, Lime the winners of to proour West; in 1843, out at Champoeg, old

Plaster mote cooperative action that will Oregon, a group of stalwart Amerpreserve the records of their great icans, representing fourteen differWALL BOARDS story;ailAmericanto fosterhistorythe teachingin the schoolsof an entface statesof oppositionof the East,and roseorganizedin the

first American civil government Sheet Koefc b ofthesethishighNation.purposes,In keepingand in withthe thewest of the Rockies. This vital

spirit practical of patriotism, INSULATION this event fittingly was remembered Celotex not BOARD national been has commemoration a only statewide by commemoraFIBER carried to this through splendid tion in Pabco BOARDWOOD Oregon, a celebrabut by

Upson TILE BOARD consummation. tion in the historic Astor Hotel

HHHE Presidential proclamation, in New York City.

A made public on Washington's another date given delast, CTILL birthday touched the heart of PLUMBING *** serving national recognition all America. to that response The BATH TUBS, TOILETS, LAVATORIES, DRINKING FOUNTAINS, call has been a nationwide outduring this period of celebration,

DENTAL LAVATORIES, LAUNDRY pouring of patriotic expression in was Utah's Pioneer Day, July 24.

TRAYS, STOVES, SINKS, TANKS, in 1847, the famous FITTINGS, BRASS, VALVES, ACCEShonor of our American pioneers. On this day

SORIES. With one accord, the educational decision was made that started the

forces, the Boy and Girl Scouts redeeming of the arid wastes. When

PIPE ofof theAmerica,RevolutionSons andand ofDaughtersthe Piothethe valley"Mormon"of the pioneersGreat SaltenteredLake,

WROUGHT IRON, CAST IRON, SOIL neers, civic and literary clubs, lithey paused at the mouth of EmiPIPE, TILE, ETC. PIPE FITTINGS brarians, and the public press gration Canyon. Their leader,

OF ALL KINDS. all have joined in the spirit of true Brigham Young, after looking

Americanism to make this year one over the sagespread scene for a of impressive historical achievefew moments, said, "This is the place."the daring began Then ment. USED MATERIAL experiment sustaining of thouThe Centennial was launched

DEPARTMENT IN CONNECTION with a stirring celebration on sands of colonists in those regions

Just anything you may need our used April 10th, the hundredth anniby irrigation. On the remarkable

material department can furnish, and versary of the starting of the first success of that experiment now always save you from 1/3 to 'A the wagon train from frontier St. rests the basic prosperity of the price of new materials.

Louis, over the old Oregon Trail. states of the intermountain West.

Our Yards and Stores theThatCoveredtrain Wagonblazed pioneersthe wayrightfor withUtah'saddedPioneerzestDaythiswas centennialcelebrated 780 West 4th South into the heart of the Rockies. The year by her sons and daughters

spirit of St. Louis rose to the ocover all our land.

Phone Wasatch 8411 casion by reenacting with fidelity Our Nation's birthday too was the historic event which opened a given enriched significance by the

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 373

tennial on July Third, Fourth,WINNING NEW crowning celebration of the CenFifth, at Old Independence Rock 1 Users Every Day in Wyoming. This mighty Plymouth Rock of the West, at that We

time was dedicated to the memory of the Western pathfinders and pioneers. The commemoration, unManufacture

der the auspices of the Boy Scouts M. I. A. Contest and Club Pins,

of America, was attended by thouAwards, Medals, Trophies sands of Americans from all parts of the United States.

May I give you just the highlights of this impressive celebraCLASS tion? Picture first with me Independence Rock itself—a great RINGS

j domeshaped mass of granite out on the old Sweetwater River Party Favors, Sorority and rising about three hundred feet Fraternity Pins a desert the above floor—nearly Special to Consideration its circumference. in surmile On

S. Seminaries L. D.

face, ago, polished aeons by glaciers are carved fully four thousand names of those early day emigrants who passed it on their way to the PARRY & PARRY INC.

conquest of the West. More than

three hundred thousand covered Manufacturing Jewelers wagon pioneers with weary feet 100-1-3 Keith Emporium Bldg.CONOCO and grinding wheels wore that old Salt Lake City, Utah, U. S. A. GERM PROCESSED trunk line, the combined OregonPARAFFIN BASE MormonCalifornia Trail, that Send for Catalog

may still be seen from the top of the Rock, scarring across the sageMOTOR OIL

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS ASSOCIATED

UNDERWRITERS CORPORATION L. R. ANDERSON, Sheep Owner INTERMOUNTAIN Manti, Utah

E. L. BURGON, Banker

Midvale, Utah F. P. CHAMP, Banker

Logan, Utah W. AmericanS. CHIPMAN,Fork, BankerUtah LLOYDS

PETER CLEGG, Wool Grower Tooele, Utah INSURANCE R. L. CONELY, SecretaryTreasurer Protects Your Property

Corp, Salt Lake City Associated Underwriters

S. G. DYE, Banker And Saves You Money

Ogden, Utah FRED M. NYE, Merchant

Ogden, Utah Automobile—Fire

President PIXTON, SETH AND MANY OTHER KINDS OF

Associated Corp, Underwriters Salt Lake City COMPLETE PROTECTION

WILLIAM PUGH, Banker Richfield, Utah At Lowest Premium Rates

W. L. SHATTUCK, Banker

Idaho Falls, Idaho There is an Intermountain Lloyds

FRED A. SPEAR, General Insurance Agent Representative in Every City and

Los Angeles, Calif. Town in Utah.

R. A. STRANDBERG, General Insurance Agent

Helena, Montana General Manager ASSOCIATED UNDERWRITERS CPN. A. L. THOMAS,

Associated Underwriters Corp, Salt Lake City MANAGERS INTERMOUNTAIN LLOYDS

CLARENCE T. WARD, Attorneyat-Law Deseret Bank Building

Boise, Idaho SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

JAMES M. PETERSON, Banker "It's better to be safe

Richfield, Utah than worry."

374 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

plain for miles and miles. Many neer days. That afternoon the

thousands of these pilgrims lie in Knights of Columbus dedicated a unmarked graves all along the way. tablet to the memory of Father

Peter DeSmet, the courageous and Performance T ET us gather with nearly a devoted Catholic missionary to the that is a kindthousandof amphitheatreboy scouts, seatedon thein Indians.ters of UtahAndalsothe dedicatedsons and daugh-a space

eastern slope of the Rock as the for a tablet later to be placed to

Outstanding WyomingIn front oftwilightthem isbeginsa thinto fall.line the"Mormon"memory pioneersof the thousandswho passedof

the days. Covered Wagon Now the the valleys of their way to Beyond songsof grayhaired men and women of this old "register of the desert"on the lusty calls of and young these evening mountains. Towards

Comparison echoes.AmericansAs wakethey dietheaway,long ansilentIngivencommemorativea touching benedictionceremonies when,were

dian rises on a fragment of the the professional and business woThat is what owners Rock,eveningand,sky, silhouettedsings a Redman'sagainst lovethe mencated ofa Casper,beautifulWyoming,marker todedithe report about the new song. Following this another memory of the pioneer women

lie in unmarked graves along trail. and finer thrillneers tellscomesa grippingas one ofstorytheseofpiohis whothe old

own life when, as an orphan boy This glimpse of the central celecrossing the plains, he watched the bration of this historic year reSioux Indians stampede half their veals concretely something of the herd of oxen. Then like an echo spirit, the inner meaning, and the

this stirring story to comes the practical of the Covered outcomes MAJESTIC the sound of tomtoms, ominous Centennial. Tonight, Wagon

and stealing out of the dusk emerge with this splendid allAmerican

to the scalp dians dance dance to bring and dead—we a big camplire blazing around RADIO forms of painted and feathered Intribute to the host of our pioneers close this great national on—livingan official

the they disflat below. open As vital quescommemoration. The From Salt Lake City, own- a darkness, again in the appear great tion arises: Shall the work,

ers have played on this new flare of red light draws all eyes launched with, such fervor by

Majestic, Hartford, Conn.; heavenward; and up on the crest Ezra Meeker, and carried forward

Springfield, Mass.; Boundof the great Rock we see a group with such high promise up to

brook,New Jersey; Atlanta, ofholdingboy scoutsaloft thewithinStarstheandredStripes,light reststhe present,with thegodescendantson? The andanswerthe

Georgia; Charlotte, North unfurling under the moonlit sky. friends of the American pioneers.

Carolina; Winnipeg, CanOut of all surely must come to

ada; Montreal, Quebec; 8 you, as it did to the thousands par- "V7"OUR presence here is prophetic

Chicago stations, 4 New ticipating in this thrilling tribute 1 of the future of the great

I feel cause. I voice that your York stations, Havana, topatriotism.the pioneers, a new baptism in it shall that I say go hearts when

Cuba; 3 Mexico City staOn the morning of the Fourth on. The old pioneer trails will

tions, Hawaii and Japan. of July the dedicatory celebration be marked. Strategic spots along

was held at the bold north end them will be turned into historic of the Rock, with nearly ten thoushrines where young and old may

See a Majestic sand Americans participating. A linger and learn the story of Amerthe feature of program memorable ica's making. memorial A fitting

the the unveiling 'of bronze was Nation's in our will one day rise Dealer plaque on which was the likeness capital to the memory of the heroes of Ezra Meeker, set in the face and heroines who won our West.

granite. of. the will A miniature schools country of our of The TODAY the gracious that plaque, through to their courses and enrich expand

You'll never realize generosity of a loyal friend of our teach an allAmerican history.

Pratt, you are George D. sculptors, Artists poets and and what a real radio will do cause,

as of given tonight a memento epic will musicians cast the vibrant until you hear the this occasion. of the Westward March of America into forms that will make it

pOLLOWING the dedication reach and hold the heart of huceremonies, four other impresmanity.

sive events marked the day. At Tonight, then, in closing the New high noon, on the top of the Rock, Covered Wagon Centennial, we

the Masons held a memorial sersimply open the portals of vice in remembrance of the first America's historical opportunity. Majestic masonic meeting held in Wyoming Through those portals we vision

at old Independence Rock in Pio- a strengthened nation, held in.

The Improvement Era for April, 1931 375

closer bonds because we treasure row or two of garden ground, of a our common traditions inwrought truly infinite dominion. -—Johnin the lives of our courageous Ruskin. K&WANEEi

American pioneers. Your part '"TAMPER not with conscience;

and mine here and now is to make it is the soul's compass. ReKewanee Steel Firebox

heartscovenant with our own little sins that flect that seem the that Boilers theirthe sacred story achieveof fur, balls soft of like the today the principles of andment freedom * beasts wild be * * will tomorrow are for Universally Adopted "esrighteousness theyand which door. crouching at thy And S. Chapels if L. and all Other D. acrosstablished "shall a continent"its lair hath leaping passion from

not perish from the earth."overcome thee, make instant conRepresentative Buildings

recover soul fession, the that may real enjoy and wholesome A LL be born its purity. For may man possible ments beenf* to man have

just as possible to him since first he again. Christ's love and life and

was made of the earth as they are now; death can consume the soul's transand they are possible to him chiefly in gression. God's mercy can forgive. KtwAiNEt Boilek Corporation

peace To watch the corn grow, and His deep seas can bury forever sins the blossoms set; to draw hard breath forever forsaken. But if trifling HAWLEYRICHARDSON-

over plowshare or spade; to read, sins oft repeated have seared thy WILLIAMS CO.

to love, to to to hope, think, pray conscience, Beware! beware! then Representatives District that are things thethese make men times beware! thousand Beware! A * * * a wearied then andhappy. Now

if deep, a cuts sin bloody loner no out slave, a tormentedking, found or Bldg. 204 Dooly heart! in George gash (From thy the of true world the kingdomswhere

were, and possessed himself, in a furEliot's "Romola") Salt Lake City

Gl)* m0

AT INDEPENDENT GAS AND OIL COMPANY'S STATIONS AND DEALERS 376 The Improvement Era for April, 1931

Gift from God THE NEW ALLSTEEL A

; he said it was for a Christmas MISKIN SCRAPER this [Continued from page 3 7 1]

present, but of course he doesn't know any better."

BAST The man dazedly took the Testament, while the woman TO FOR clasped the child to her

HANDLE HORSES sobbing with joy, and almostbreast,

EAST OR smothering him with caresses.

TO TRACTOR The man, meanwhile, began

PULL reading in the Bible which chanced to be open at the first chapter of

Luke. He seemed entranced by

OTHER ALL UP AROUND WEEDS GROW SCRAPERS what he read. IS MISKIN THE KNOWN WHERE

papa, "Oh, the I told when your now. POSSIBLY farm BETTER INVESTMENT BE CAN NO MADE

it is that to is cheaper well operate, a leveled farm known as TIME, THIS LevelAT man name was Toto, he said my less labor produce less time to and to irrigate an even distribution requires and water and The of crops much greater and a

Scraper. with a Miskin CIRCULARefficient WRITEyield. FOR ANDeconomicalPRICES.way to do this is itI goingwas liketo abeGypsya Gypsyname.whenAmI only Manufactured by grow up?"

child. "No, are my And we MISKIN SCRAPER longer WORKS no going to call you Toto. UCON, IDAHO

We are going to give you a real name. You shall be 'christened'

in a church."

Index to Advertisers papa"Andf what shall my name be,

Company Page Company Page The man glanced again at the open Testament.

School of 351 fif Art 370 Music McCune CoAshtonJenkins shall called be "You 2Jean,"he Scraper Miskin 3 60 Works 376 Corp Roof AsphaltAmerican said, "for a are you gift from Ass'n Music Advancement 371 Co-—361 Smelting 8 RefiningAmerican God."

ArmstrongEngberg Wall Paper Co. -3 51 National Building & Loan Co 35 6

French form of Institute name is Jean. John American North 365 (Z.C.M.I.) -.362 Creek Food Co.Battle

meaning gift The from is "A God."Investment CoBeason 3 60 O. P. Skaggs System 355

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. -Back Cover

Bennett Glass 8 Paint Co 354 Pembroke fcf Company 352

Brigham Young University 361 Parry 8 Parry, Ltd 373

Bureau of Information 355 Quish School of Beauty Culture 364 BeeHive Girls

Clover LeafHarris Dairy 35 8 Ray, William K 354 Department

Continental Oil Co,-373 Regal Cleaning 6J Dyeing Co 356 [Continued from page 359]

Coyne Electrical School (Radio DiSalter, J. Earl 369

months have we had four Swarms 367 vision) Salt Fixture Cabinet Lake 357 Co S their complete receive their and work 352 ClothesCutler's Salt Knitting Store Lake 357 certificates. Never before such has 64 3Desetfet Company Book Salt Pressed Brick Lake Co interest in been taken the work. 63 Society—3 BuildingDeseret Inside. Cover Back are all Swarms organized in the wards 366 PressDeseret News 3 SearsRoebuck 35 Company of the stake, all are and following

Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co 351 Sego Milk Company 350 closely the program. Because we are

Fleischmann's Yeast 359 Shapiro Trunk Company 353 so joyous about the work we are

Ghirardelli Company 359 Southern Pacific Co 35 7 writing to let you know about it."

Glenn Brothers Music Co 353 Speakers Library, The 357

Granite Furniture Co 350 Taylor, Jos. Wm 363

TrustHalloran Judge Co 362 longevity, beauty, United Electric Company 314 College BusinessHenager's 374 XJEALTH,J*-L are other names for personal University of Utah 371 purity; and temperance is the regiBeet Sugar 3 63 375 Utah fc> OilIndependent Gas Co men for Utah Gas Coke Co. Jnside Front Cover K Insurance 373 LloydsIntermountain Utah High School of Beauty Culture 366 all.—A. Bronson Alcott.

Kelly Company 355 Utah Home Fire Ins. Co 359

Ketterer & Perschon Co 355 Utah Oil Refining Co. 369

Supply Co 372Ketchum Builders Light Utah 368 Power 8 Co are great passions evidently 375 Boiler CorporationKewanee EJ Savings Trust Utah Co 358 TWO*- appointed rule the to by Deity

Knight Fuel Company 370 Utah State Farm Bureau 361 life of man; namely, the love of

W. H. W. Smith Company 351 God, and the fear of sin and itsLandes Tractor S3 Equipment Co—370Logan Garment Company 353 Z. C. M. I—.314 companion—Death.- Ruskin.

TheBrickMansays:

"The deplorable decline of the church in Russia may well serve to awaken in us Americans a deeper appreciation of our religious freedom and our superior advantages of educational and living conditions."

The welfare of any community depends directly upon the stability of its home and religious life. For

this reason, we feel to congratulate the wards of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints upon the number of beautiful chapels and amusement halls that have been built by them.

We have been permitted to furnish brick for a number of these buildings and desire to express to the good people of these wards our sincere appreciation of the confidence and generous patronage given us.

We hope to serve this community faithfully and well for many years to come and we take occasion at this time to extend a special invitation to members of building committees and officers of all wards contemplating the building of chapels or amusement halls this year, to visit our manufacturing plant while they are in Salt Lake attending conference.

It would be a privilege indeed to conduct you through our plant and show you the infinite possibilities for variety in exterior wall effects that may be achieved through the use of face brick. A visit

places you under no obligation whatsoever. Call

Hyland 630 and simply say, "I'd like to visit your plant."We will do the rest.

SALT LAKE PRESSED BRICK COMPANY

City Display Room SALT LAKE CITY General Offices 319 Kearns Building 3180 South 11th East St.

Wasatch 950 Hyland 630

W "W *m-*r

re is no joylike that of providing for the future of your loved ones—

Life Insurance purchased today is like unto the planting of a young tree that grows and grows.

Not only does one benefit by the saving feature HPU (the joy of seeing your investment grow year after year), you also have the positive assurance that the estate you aim to create in twenty years savings, will be realized by your family even though you may not live to pay the second year's installment.

The Very First Investment Any Family Should Make

f*ffaUX0SQ!:tyour /s your f]ls \*tcK Beneficial Representatives Will Gladly Give Full Details y

CO. INSURANCE BENEFICIAL T IK nSfcJ SALT LAKE CITY 'UTAH \ &t \ Mgr. E. T. RALPHS, Sen. J. GRANT, President og \2/mi </ HEBER

IFif IT'Sn A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY npi tut """b J