imnwM ( I IMPROVEMENT ERA

Vol. XVIH FEBRUARY, 1915 No. 4

ORGAN OF THX PRIESTHOOD CtSOFSUMS, THE YOUNO MEN'S MUTVAI

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURL,** #

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTEP DAY SAINTS

WIUIWCP MONTHLY Y THK omNKRJU. MOAUD AT SALT LUC* errv. ITV**

iD BOUZEK ENORNVINO C91

BEFORE THE SMOKB BOTH PHONES 15

CLEARS AWAY factor?, shop, flrestrlcken your On Jos. Wm. Taylor busiresume office you can or store,

ness If Insured with us. No 1 long unnecessary delays In adjusting, no Utah's Leading Undertaker

haggling over terms; but prompt payand Licensed Embalmer.

ment of losses every time. It's to our

Parlor, Show Room* k:4 Morgue interestagain—weto canget youInsureeet youup Inagain.business Fln Funeral Chap*!, Private

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH OFFICE OPEN Di AND HIOHT

SI, SS and 28 South West Temyie St: Heber J. Grant & Go. 2SE! SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

2026 S. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

California Exposition The Panama—January \ Opens, f >QAM O/AIM LIEAjWrMET 31, 1915. closes Dec. 1. CALIFORNIA

The PanamaPacific International Expotion FRANCISCO SAN 20. closes February Opens December 4, 1915 EXCURSIONS

There will be excursion rates in effect throughout the year via Tickets on Sale

Nov. 21 2223

Return Limit Jan. 31

Dec. 1920-2122

Return Limit Feb. 28

Dec. 29 The first excursion date from

| Return Limit March 7 Utah points will be <flj A f\ JANUARY 30, 1915 Round Trip Rate

Limit, March 15, 1915 Diverse Routes JTC VJ

effect in will via Salt and Lake be Rate Los 3 Good Trains Every Day 3 via ng, Franreturning Angeles and go San cisco and Portland, or going via Portland and San Francisco, returning via Los AnF01 California Literature or Iaformalion geles and Salt Lake, or returning in either case via ban Francisco or Ogden. call at Ci y Ticket Office

Other Excursions will 10 East Third South St.

be announced later.

Consult any O. S. L. Agent for rates, descriptive literature, etc.. or write. T. C. Peck, J H. Manderfield

Passenger Agent, D. E. BURLKY, Gen'l P.A., L ot Angeles A.G.P.A. Salt Lake Salt Lake City, Utah G

WHEN WRITING TO APVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "-sawHF""

WHEN SHALL WAR CEASE?

Lo, countless prayers are sent unto the skies.

And wives and mothers shed their bitter tears.

And famine stills the orphan's hunger cries;

The hearts of age are broken in their fears;

On field and meadow lie the thousands slain.

And ancient cities pass awiy in flames,

And need and beauty make their pleas in vain.

For man's wild passion Christ's sweet message shamesYea, in mad hatred millions draw their breath,

The dead, unburied, float on mere and flood,

And on the deep, men sink in ghastly death.

And love is lost amid the seas of bbod:

c e? When comes Thy reign, O Christ; when will War cea

Yet dark the Night, when comes the dawn of Peace!

ALFRED LAMBOURNE PRESIDENT JEDEDIATT M. GRANT

Born, Windsor, Broome County, New York, February 21, 1816 - died

December 1, 1856, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Improvement Era

Vol. XVIII. FEBRUARY, 1915 No. 4.

The Hand of God in Events on Earth

BY PRESIDENT JEDEDIAH M. GRANT

[Elder Jedediah M. Grant, second counselor to President Brigham

Young, (18541856), as early as the first named date foreshadowed some of the conflicts that were to be witnessed in the world in the latter days.. From two of his sermons, delivered February 19 and April 2, 1854,

are quoted the prophetic words which follow, and which appear especially timely under conditions at present prevailing in the European nations.

The quotations from the sermons were printed last October in Liahona the Elders'Journal, in which a series of testimonies of the leaders of the

Church, past and present, are being featured. Editors.]

We need not expect the eyes of the inhabitants of the earth to be opened to understand the meaning of the astounding events that are transpiring around them, for one of the marked signs of the last days is the blindness of the people; we are told they

should have eyes and see not, and ears and hear not, and hearts and understand not. If in the days of Jesus this was true of the

Jews and surrounding nations, it is doubly so now in relation to the nations with which we are acquainted. Though the fulfilment of the words of the prophets is clear and visible to us as the

noonday sun in its splendor, yet the people of the world are blinded thereto; they do not comprehend nor discern the hand of

the Lord.

We can see his hand in all the events of the earth; we see

it in the revolutions of our own continent; we see it in the

scattering and scourging of the house of Israel; in the fading

away of nations, on the right and on the left; in the present

commotion in our own nation; in the broils and contentions between the South and the North; we see the hand of the Lord

visibly at work in Europe, not only in the spread of the gospel, in the prosperity of the people of God, and in the proclamation of the eternal principles of truth through the agency of the elders of

Israel, but in the war cloud gathering black around, dying the

286 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ocean with human gore, and drenching the solid earth with blood we see it in the preparations of war, and the framing of treaties of peace among strong nations.

fail them The world is in commotion, and the hearts of men for fear of the impending storm that threatens to enshroud all nations in its black mantle. Treaties of peace may be made, and

war will stop for a season, but there are certain decrees of the gods, and certain bounds fixed, and laws and edicts passed by the high courts of heaven, beyond which the nations cannot pass; and

when the Almighty decrees the wicked shall slay the wicked, strong nations may interfere, peace conventions may become rife in the world and exert their influence to sheathe the sword of war and make treaties of peace to calm the troubled surface of all

Europe, but to no effect; the war cloud is still booming o'er the

heavens, darkening the earth, and threatening the world with desolation.

When we see nation stirred up against nation, and on the other hand see other nations exerting a powerful influence to bring about negotiations of peace, shall we say they can bring it about? Do we expect they can stay the onward course of war?

The Prophet of God has spoken it all, and we expect to see the see all things fulfilled as the prophets havework go on—and

declared by the spirit of prophecy in them.

Why is it that the Latterday Saints are perfectly calm and turmoils, strife,serene among all the convulsions of the earth—the

war, pestilence, famine and distress of nations? It is because the

spirit of prophecy has made known to us that such things would actually transpire upon the earth. We understand it, and view

it in its true light. We have learned it by the visions of the Althat spirit of intelligence that searches out all things,mighty—by

even the deep things of God.

Three days before the Prophet Joseph started for Carthage,

I well remember his telling us we should see the fulfilment of the words of Jesus upon the earth, where he says the father shall be against the son, and the son against the father; the mother

against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the

motherin-law against the daughterin-law, and the daughterin-law against the motherin-law; and when a man's enemies shall

be those of his own household.

The Prophet stood in his own house when he told several of us the night visions of Heaven were opened to him, in which he saw the American continent drenched in blood, and he saw nation rising up against nation. He also saw the father shed the

blood of the son and the son the blood of the father; the mother

put to the death the daughter, and the daughter the mother; and

natural affection forsook the hearts of the wicked; tor he saw that

the Spirit of God should be withdrawn from the inhabitants of

THE HAND OF GOD IN EVENTS 287

the earth, in consequence of which there should be blood upon the face of the whole earth except among the people of the Most

High. The prophet gazed upon the scene his vision presented,

until his heart sickened, and he besought the Lord to close it up again.

Some think we rejoice to see the wicked in their distress, and to behold the calamity that is coming upon the earth. That is not

the true cause of our rejoicing; but we rejoice to see the predictions of the prophets coming to pass, the reign of wickedness closing, which is the cause of all the ills to which mortality is heir, the

cause of God move on in its majesty, and the great work fast approaching the winding up scene of the dispensations pertaining to earth.

The Prophet Joseph Smith was visited by an holy angel, clad in robes of light, who authorized him to sound the trump of the gospel of peace, and receive the sacred records from the earth, and the Urim and Thummim, and who laid hands upon him and gave him the gift of the Holy Ghost, and authorized him to baptize for the remission of sins, and organize the Kingdom of

God on the earth.

The grand secret is told in a few words; the fact is, the Almighty God has spoken from the heavens, sent heavenly messengers, and organized his Church, restored the Holy Priesthood,

established his government upon the earth, and exerted his power to extend it, and send forth his word.

Let us rally around the standard of God, and when we are in the circle of truth, then let the devil and the enemies of the

Church of God fire their loudest guns, and wage their war, and marshal their strength, yet, armed with the armor of righteousness, clothed with the Priesthood and generalship of the Almighty, we shall successfully resist and triumphantly conquer Satan and all his allied forces of the earth and hell. They will then find out

whether Joseph had a right to rule by the power of the Priesthood.

They will then find out that the "Mormons"are authorized to preach the Gospel of God, gather Israel, build up Zion, bind

Lucifer with a chain, and establish the reign of peace on earth.

Making Farm Life More Attractive

BY F. S. HARRIS, PH. D., DIRECTOR SCHOOL OF AGRICULTURAL ENGINEERING AND MECHANIC ARTS, UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

That life on the ordinary farm has not been as attractive as it should have been, is evidenced by what might almost be called a stampede of countrybred young men to the city. During the last

few decades the relative decrease in population of rural districts and the rapid growth of cities has been conspicuous the world over. If this movement is to be counteracted, the country must

offer attractions to balance the advantages found in the modern city; but it is believed that these very much desired attractions in

Photo by F. S. Hams

LOCATING AN EXPERIMENTAL DRYFARM

country life are rapidly being developed. The history of the

changes in distribution of population and the causes underlying them is very interesting.

Long before man engaged in any other 'form of industry he secured his living from the kind of work now classed as agriculture. He gathered the herbs and fruits that were produced in

abundance by mother earth, and tended flocks and herds which utilized the forage of the hills in producing food and clothing for him. Indeed, his entire sustenance was derived directly or indirectly from the soil. At first there was little or no commerce, and

MAKING FARM LIFE MORE ATTRACTIVE 189

each man produced everything that was necessary for the welfare greater complexity in the relations of man with man developed, of himself and family; but with the advance in civilization, a

The work was gradually divided until separate trades and professions were developed, with the result that each person became more and more dependent on the work of others.

Farming was then only one of the many kinds of work at 1?5ff fy&T BO

. BvWl sBHJ BIiJhJ which people earned a living. B

i Cities were built, and entire MR communities depended entirely on the outside for products of the farm.

The relation between rural districts and the city, Photo by F. S. Harris varied somewhat from cenBEAUTY CAN BE FOUND IN EVERY tury to century, but it was PART OF THE FARM

not till within the last two or three generations that a complete readjustment came. With

the development of modern methods of transportation and communication, and with the invention of improved machines of all kinds, came a revolution in commerce, and, at the same time, a tremendous stimulus was given to city building. The best energies of scientists

and builders were given to problems arising from the massing of people into the comparatively small area of a modern city.

Many advantages naturally arose from the bringing together of so many people.

Families of moderate means were able to have water in the Photo bv F S. Harris

house, sewage connecTHE RURAL SCHOOL SHOULD BE GIVEN CAREFUL ATTENTION tions, electric lights and many other conveniences that had not been known in the country districts. Facilities for the education of children were at hand,

amusements of all kinds were easily obtained and there was an opportunity to satisfy the longing for social intercourse which seems so necessary to the happiness of human beings. Of course, many

disadvantages were found to accompany city life, but these were

291) IMPROVEMENT ERA

remedied as nearly as possible by the best thought of the age which was being given to the problems of the city.

These great developments in the city were not accompanied by corresponding advances in rural districts, and, as a result, much of the best talent of the country was naturally attracted to centers

Photo by F. S. Harris

INTENSIVE FARMING HAS MANY ATTRACTIONS of population where there was an opportunity for greater development. Even the best farming districts suffered. The rural population increased but slowly and, in many cases, actually decreased

while at the same time the cities grew by leaps and bounds like great mushrooms springing up after a summer shower.

Photo by F. S. Harris

INTERURBAN TROLLIES ADD TO THE ATTRACTIVENESS OF

COUNTRY LIFE While it is probable that there always will be a movement of it population cityward—and this is doubtless a good thing—still,

became evident that a halt must be made somewhere or the farms would be depopulated and the food supply of the world shut off.

This state of affairs turned the attention of scholars and statesmen toward the country to see what could be done to keep more people

MAKING FARM LIFE MORE ATTRACTIVE 291

on the land. An investigation revealed the fact that if rural districts are to maintain the position which the welfare of mankind

demands, more attention must be given to the solution of rural problems. The city will probably never be a less important factor

in civilization than it is today, but the country must also be given

Photos by F. S. Harris

The work of Agricultural Experiment Great irrigation works transform the

Stations is of great service to farmers. deserts into happy homes.

Pumping water will add to the numScattered and poorly arranged buildber of farm homes that can be made in ings add greatly to the farm chores, arid regions.

Cement is of great service to the Neatness of the farm yard adds to the farmer. attractiveness of the farm.

a hearing; and those who'live on the land and cause the soil to

produce of its bounties, must be taken care of as well. They must

have equal opportunities with those living in populous centers.

There are at present a number of forces at work which will help to make life on the farm more attractive and overcome many of its disadvantages. Some of these forces are just beginning their operation while others have been working for some

JJ IMPROVEMENT ERA

time. Probably the greatest single factor working toward rural

betterment, is the wave in favor of rational education which is being felt in every country district. The conviction is gradually

becoming more firmly fixed in the minds of country folk, that what they want is an education suited to the environment in which they are to live. They are not so much interested in the culture that

would make them good citizens of Paris or London, as in the information needed by tillers of the soil, living in an age of civilization and desiring to fill their proper places in that civilization.

They want to know how to do their work in an upto-date manner, and at the same time they wish to be intelligent citizens of the community, realizing the joys of life and contributing something

Photo by F. S. Harris

THE COUNTY AGRICULTURAL ADVISOR WILL BE OF GREAT PRACTICAL

VALUE TO THE FARMER to the welfare of mankind. The education, therefore, that is to

improve rural life, is not the kind that will make the farmer dissatisfied with his lot and anxious to change his conditions; but the

kind that will give him a better understanding of his high and noble calling and make him a more effective unit in his own branch of society. The day of this kind of education has dawned, and

it is to be hoped that the rays of its energizing sun will rapidly penetrate even the remote corners of the open country till the inhabitants thereof may be lighted with a newness of life in the commonplace occupations which were previously held in low repute.

Wonders are also being worked by the introduction of modern business methods on the farm and the use of suitable methods of cost accounting in finding the profits and losses. Farming as an

MAKING FARM LIFE MORE ATTRACTIVE 293

upto-date business, where every department is given careful study, is an entirely different thing from what it was when conducted by the old slipshod method of simply raising crops and live stock after the manner of previous generations. Business methods in

farming not only lead to better ways of doing things on the individual farm, but they help to promote cooperation among farmers for mutual helpfulness in buying, selling and conducting all necessary transactions.

In the past, one of the greatest disadvantages of farm life has

Seen the isolation accompanying it: when working in the field, the

farmer is constantly interested in his crops and stock and does not become so lonesome as his wife who is at home all day. The lack

Photos by F. S. Harris

A class of students studying agricul- A farm house of this type cannot atture in the field. tract young people very strongly. The

lack of neatness is conspicuous.

The beginnings of a farm home. The farm is a home, and a good house

Neatness is seen everywhere. is as necessary on the farm as in the city.

of association, however, can not help having its effects even on the farmer. A number of comparatively recent inventions and developments have done much to overcome the disadvantages accompanying isolation. The rural free delivery of mail makes it possible for the man in the country to get his papers and letters each

day just the same as those living in the city. He is thereby able

to keep in much closer touch with the world than when the mail was obtained only at irregular periods when trips to town were necessary. The parcels post in connection with the mail service

means much to the people living in rural districts, since it enables them to get many commodities that could not previously be had 294 IMPROVEMENT ERA except at a very high cost. It may also be used as a medium of

profitable marketing.

The value of rural telephones to people living in the country can hardly be overestimated. Not only is the work of the farmer

greatly helped by this convenience, but his wife and children are made more contented, as they have at their disposal constant means of communication with friends at some distance away. Youngpeople long for the society of other young people, and the telephone

enables them in part to satisfy this longing without leaving the farm.

The building of interurban trolley lines, the making of good roads, and the use of the automobiles all help to reduce the effects of distance, and place the isolated farmer in closer communication with other people, thus lessening the undesirable features of country life. With the trolley

or automobile it is possible in a comparatively short time to call on a neighbor, to attend church or a social, or to make a trip to the city.

Many little conveniences such as the cream separator, the gasoline engine and the reto electric motor all tend rlioto bx I-. S. Harris. r r move the111drudgery from farm

TO THEijr HORSES ADD GREATLY GOOD construc- n.ie - Tui ne nrnnprProPer rnmtrnrof the farm attractiveness

tion and arrangement of buildings help to reduce the almost endless number of chores always found on a farm; and the use of cement and other suitable materials makes the farm home a much more attractive

and sanitary place than it used to be. There are very many little

devices that can be used about the farm to reduce the work and make it more pleasant. These many conveniences have been slow

to reach the farm, but their adoption in the future means a great lightening of the burdens of the farmer and his wife.

Although the man on the land has been almost forgotten in this age of rapid city building, yet he is destined to come into his own in the very near future. The new discoveries in agriculture

science, the introduction of an educational system suited to rural needs, the adoption of better business methods, the improvement in means of communication and transportation, and the conveniences that can now be had in farm homes will all contribute toward making farm life more attractive in the future than it has ever been in the past. When these forces have had time to fully

operate, a transformation in all the aspects of country life may be expected.

LOGAN, UTAH Evolution not Supported by Embryology

BY ROBERT C. WEBB

[Continuation of the sixth of the series of articles written for the Era by Dr. Webb, on allied subjects. Each article is complete in itself, but

students should read the whole series.- Editors.]

But it is equally evident that the subsequent analogies between the embryonic structure and those of lower animals have little or no "recapitulatory"significance. This may be argued from

the fact, not generally understood, that, in a very real sense, the developing young of any animal is a separate individual being from the very beginning of its history; functioning with its own

organs, according to the needs of its environment at any given stage, and producing only such organs as structurally and functionally are demanded at any such stages. Even in the mammals

the connection between the circulation of the mother and the embryo is not direct, but the necessary nourishment and aeration are communicated by a process known as dialysis, consisting of a certain percolation through the tissues covered by the placenta.

Indeed, the moment that we recognize the obvious fact that the whole process of maturing the embryo is one of celldivision and celldistribution, so soon will we understand that it must, from the mere necessity of the case, proceed from a simple form of organization to one more complex, which is to say more varied or elaborated, the broad general outlines of the intended structure being first produced, and the details and special differentiations being filled in afterward. Such being the case, it is obviously reasonable

that, at various times in the development of the embryo, there should be very close analogies to structures found in lower and simpler organisms. Nor, when we consider that there is a gradation in lifeforms, just as in the light spectrum or the musical scale,

is it remarkable that a representative of the "higher orders,"built up in nature's fashion, as just explained, should progressively approximate higher and higher forms of organism. But such a

"recapitulation"as this bears no necessary and logical relation to any assumed "ancestral history:"such a claim is even absurd in

some particulars, as already seen.

According to this explanation of the matter, we find that the first step in the development of the germ is the formation of the "primitive groove,"which is comparable to the keel of the ship, first laid down upon the ways. Its subsequent history also resembles the process of shipbuilding in the fact that the framework

and essentials are first produced; later, by specialization and elaboration, all. parts are perfected together, by a development which

296 IMPROVEMENT ERA

works on all at once, and does not attempt to complete one part ahead of the others. Thus, the head is formed, not from a knob,

but by an actual infolding of one end of the tubelike embryo.

The brain within it is at first elongated, like itself, but later approaches spherical contours, and develops and enlarges in special regions, as predetermined by the rank of the individual in the grade of intelligence, entirely in step with the growth of the embryo in other characteristic particulars. This is the story of

development in every other organ of the body; not necessan>

because of a strange habit of "recapitulating"stages in the alic process by which the race was "evolved,"but because, on any theory whatever, the growth and formation of all organs—because

proof the process of celldivision and specialization—inevitably

ceeds from the simplest to the more complex forms. Because the

germ is first an elongated tubelike structure, the brain begins in elongated form; because the tube is predestined to fold, bud and

differentiate to form a definite order of mature being, the brain, and every other organ along with it, progressively approaches the destined form, as the total structure gradually elaborates. In respect to the gradual modification of the embryo to a nearer and

nearer approach to the advanced form which it is destined to eventuate, the rule of perfection applies to it at any given stage that applies to all mature animals in the state of nature. In fact,

even as to a mature animal, the principle stated by Agassiz, in the following words, applies also to the embryo "In one sense, all animals are equally perfect. Each species has

its definite sphere of action, whether more or less extended,—its own

peculiar office in the economy of nature; and a complete adaptation to

fulfil all the purposes of its creation, beyond the possibility of improvement. In this sense, every animal is perfect. But there is a

wide difference among them, in respect to their organization. In some

it is very simple, and very limited in its operation; in others, extremely

complicated, and capable of exercising a great variety of functions."

Principles of Zoology.

Since our biologists, therefore, have led off with the habit of comparing the embryo with mature beings in nature, we may dare to extend the analogy, even if into a new direction. But that our

new analogy is more evidently scientific cannot be denied. At any

stage of its growth the adjustment between the embryo and its environment is like that of all mature beings, simple perfect—just

or the adjustment is maintained by organs of such complex—and

a degree of simplicity or complexity as are required by the organism at that particular stage of growth, and no other. Thus, when

the embryonic body is at a very simple stage of development, we find that the heart is a simple, onechambered pulsating vessel, which becomes twochambered, and later fourchambered, only js similar complexities in other parts of the structure are produced.

A fourchambered heart, or even a highly convoluted mammalian

EVOLUTION AND EMBRYOLOGY 297

or human brain at an early period would be, not only unnecessary to the needs of the total structure at that period, but also would this is notargue that the process had proceeded irregularly—and

nature's method—making of the embryo precisely such a monstrosity as would be a child with a mansize head, hands or feet.

In the same manner, organs resembling the "corpora Wolffiana,"mentioned by Mr. Darwin, as above, are sufficient to discharge

kidney functions at an early period, for the very obvious reason that no more complicated structures are then needed. Further,

in accord with the evident rule of economy holding for all natural processes, the single body canal is developed first, later the differentiation which produces double openings, which differentiates the birds and the monotremata from the higher mammals. This involves merely that the stage has not been reached in which it is

consistent to have the complete structure with two external canals.

The indispensable elements appear first, in general outline, then the variations, merely because the process of gestation progressively transforms a simple structure into more and more differentiated forms. We may assert, furthermore, that this is positively all that science tells us on the matter; for, even though we

may have to depend upon our zoologists for the facts in the case, we do not depend on them for our knowledge of the laws of logic, which alone enable us to sift the "evidences"which they offer for their ambitious theory. The theory of the "recapitulation"of ancestral types is not inevitable at any stage of the process; consequently, not logical in the sense of furnishing a demonstration, as

they claim.

As regards the "conspicuous tail"mentioned by Romanes, we may remark that it merely indicates an apparently necessary stage in the transformation of the elongated "wormlike"embryo into the contours of its mature form. The "buds"of the lower limbs

start out at points above the insertion of this "tail,"an anatomical feature retained to maturity; but, whereas in some animals, owing

to a "conditioning feature"existing, probably, from the earliest appearance of the germcell, the "mammalian plan"is varied by the continuous growth of the tail, along with the other organs and limbs, in man it ceases to develop, or rather does not develop at all, after the appearance of the rudimentary limbs. At no stage after

the development of the limbs is there discernible a true tail in the human embryo. If the embryonal development "recapitulates"

generic evolution, we should logically expect the tail to develop to a certain very advanced stage, and then to dwindle: this is not

the case, however. The limbs appear first as rounded buds, from

which the rudiments of fingers start out as soon as the "arm"begins to lengthen. There is no suggestion of the alleged stages

by which the fish fin passed into the hand. Why is this important

process not "recapitulated?"

298 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Other alleged "evidences"manifest the same contempt for logical principles. Thus, with childish glee, our wouldbe remodelers of "religious thought"gravely inform us that the human

embryo, at a certain stage, "is covered very thickly with woollike our monkey ancestry is established, they suppose.hair"—therefore,

It is unnecessary to comment further on this remark than to call attention to the'fact that the human animal is naturally a hairy animal, and that, in proper conditions hair may be grown on any part of the body, except, of course the palms of the hands and the soles of the feet. The atrophy of the hair follicles in most of the

skin is no more remarkable, and no more "evolutionary"than the disuse of numerous muscles in the body, which should be used in a really "normal"being, precisely as the "flying muscles"of a domestic fowl are found to be much weakened, and not nourished up to the point of permitting strong flight, as in birds having no "white meat."These are all examples of variation by atrophy,

which, as we have already claimed, is the larger part of all certainly established variation. Similarly, most of the socalled

"vestigial organs,"such as the vermiform appendix, argue to derivation from no "lower animals"having them developed, but, precisely, to such changes in habits, diet, etc., as may be imagined

in all the radical revolutions in the past history of this world, which cannot have failed to modify habits. But, of course, this

is "absurd,"because we say nothing about "monkey ancestry,"as is acceptable to our "revisers of religious thought."

But the utter superficiality of all alleged "analogies"and "affinities"involved in the common "evolution"arguments are more apparent in some other matters. Thus, certain socalled

"scientists"have had the impudence to assert that the human embryo reproduces the "worm"stage at a certain point in its development. We find of course that this stage is suggested by the

appearance of an elongated tubelike structure, which might suggest some low member of the Vermes or Holothuroidca, but for the plain and simple fact that the tube does not represent the alimentary canal, but the beginnings of the vertebral column. But,

when we come to the consideration of the developing eye, for example, the assertion that the embryo "recapitulates"the development of ancestral types is reduced to the lowest terms of absurdity.

There are no analogies worth mentioning between this process and any assumed possible stages of development in the race.

This brings us to the kingargument in this entire, connection appearance of gillslits and arterial arches in the third and—the

fourthweek embryo. Before yielding, however, to the assertion

that these structures may possibly have a "recapitulatory"significance, several facts associated with their appearance should be carefully investigated. In the first place, although there are no

signs of branchiae, or gill structures, in the embryos of any higher

EVOLUTION A \'D EMBRYOLOGY 299

mammals, and although, as some authorities have asserted, the slits themselves are not fully seem, as is asserted, perforated—they

to be closed by fact remains, unless all published membranes—the

drawings of these features are quite misleading, that the arteries circulate the foetal blood through the gillarches, precisely as if true "waterbreathing"were taking place. Secondly, these apparent gillslits persist for less than not for more three—probablythan two—weeks of the entire period of embryonic development,

and disappear with the complete establishment of umbilical circulation and aeration. These facts would seem to argue strongly

that these gillslits and arterial arches are not "vestigial structures"in any sense, but that they actually subserve some present use very closely analogous to breathing and the "aeration"of the blood by osmosis in mature animals of the waterbreathing types. When

we consider the further fact that the embryo itself floats in the liquid filling the amnionic sac, the concurrent presence of a very well developed waterbreathing structure seems to furnish confirmatory evidence of our supposition. Indeed, this conclusion

has actually been reached by several competent anatomists, not under obligation to weave arguments for the support of an indigent hypothesis. Thus, Agassiz directly states that, in the embryo

of a fowl in the egg shell, "there exist true gills upon the sides of the neck, and a branchial respiration goes on."(Principles of

Zoology.) At this stage the human embryo is less than a quarter

inch in total length, and the functions are probably very slow, so that such air as may be in the amnionic water may be sufficient for its needs. At any rate the facts enforce our conclusion that, previous to the development of more efficient apparatus for maintaining the normal equilibrium of conditions required by nature, a

simple temporary structure is improvised to serve present need, and is eliminated with the completion of other organs. In perfectly analogous fashion, the young mammal, unlike the young

bird, unable to begin life by taking food like his parents, continues his "parasitic existence,"as we might call it, by the curious habit of absorbing its mother's milk. This temporary function persists

until, with the growth of its teeth, it is able to eat like a normal adult. That the mammalian young is not born with fully developed teeth merely exemplifies the fact that nature requires

further time, and new conditions for their development, meantime using* a temporary, and rather rudimentary expedient, until the more perfect structures appear. The explanation of a temporary

structure to supply a temporary need also explains the gills on the unborn terrestrial "salamanders"mentioned, as above, by

Romanes.

If, however, the stages of development, and the temporary forms, found in the course of upbuilding the mammalian, or vertebrate, embryo, argue "ancestral vestiges"and "recapitula300 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tions,"the rule of analogy should be observable throughout the entire world of living'forms. In this test, however, it is found

sadly and absurdly deficient. Thus, in the development of those

sixlegged arthropods, known as insects, whose structure is, in many points, quite as advanced and complicated as that of vertefind the curious process along different lines—webrates—although

of "metamorphosis,"instead of the direct production of the young from the eggcell. Without mentioning the wings of these creatures, which, like those of birds, as already explained, may be held

to offer grave difficulties in the way of the evolution theory, we may assert positively that the larval (*. c, the grub or caterpillar)

stage of no insect bears any resemblance whatever to its mature, or "imago"form, and presents no parallels or analogies to any assumed "ancestral types."The insect larva differs from the

vertebrate embryo in the fact that it is a complete and independent being, so far as the requirements of its environment demand completeness. When, however, it shrivels into the pupa, or chrysalis,

stage, resuming a form of embryonic life, in course of which it is radically transformed, we discern a stage of development which would be difficult to explain by "ancestral analogies."On the

other hand, the process by which the legs and "prolegs"of the caterpillar are eliminated, and the sixjointed limbs of the mature insect appear, is only another proof that temporary structures, intended to serve temporary uses, are formed and used, and disappear in due time. The transformation of the larva into the

chrysalis is not typical of slow development in ancestral forms, as assumed, but a metamorphosis almost Circean in its suddenness and completeness.

Such facts as these have been utterly ignored by advocates of the evolution hypothesis. Nor are these the only ones. The few

facts supposed to prove it, or to create a presumption of its truth, have been treated very much in the same manner as the facts of astronomy were handled by the wise men of old, in their efforts to demonstrate the Ptolemaic theory of the universe, and prove that this earth was the centre around which all the stars revolve.

However favorable the few facts collated by "scientists"may appear to the hypothesis, or dogma, of organic evolution, there are myriads more that fatally oppose it. It may be, as they claim,

that all the innumerable types, organs, functions and structures found through organic nature were really produced by some sort of variation on more primitive forms, but it may be asserted posivitely that they are not to be explained by the evolution hypothesis, which would have to be radically modified in almost every particular before it could possibly be accepted as a clear explanation of even the smallest fraction of the appallingly numerous variants of form to be found in nature.

Navajo Marriage Customs

UY J. F. ANDERSON, A. B., DEPARTMENT OF HISTORY, MILLARD

COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL

Courtship in Navajo land is done on the Miles Standish plan.

The young man is usually ready to marry long before he is twenty years old. He keeps entirely away from the hogan of his prospective bride, for it is considered bad decorum for a young man

to visit his bride at her home before they are married. He has

become acquainted with her by meeting her at the sheep herd, at a ceremonial or festival gathering, or alone on the mountain trail, or in the deep arroya, where he may have sung to her his love songs. But he comes on his final courtship by proxy, usually enlisting the services of an uncle to bear messages of love to his

Priscilla. The period of courtship is brief and when the

young brave has summoned sufficient courage to "propose,"he goes with one or more of his relatives to the girl's parents bearing appropriate presents for them. Still

the young man is silent; custom demands that his relatives

plead his cause. This they do

Photo by Harper, Utah Arch. Exped. by extolling his virtues, reFLASHLIGHT OF THE UTAH EXPEcounting his deeds of bravery

DITION and skill in the chase.

With the auxiliary members and Indians The presents are offered at a night campfire in an Arizona forest.

to the girl's parents, only. If

they are rejected it means that the young man's suit is denied; if

accepted, the marriage contract is complete and the time for the ceremony is set at from five to ten days later.

The presents given usually consist of from five to fifteen

Navajo mustangs. A buxom Navajo maiden of a reputable family

may demand fifteen or more horses. The parents, however, do

not regard such an exchange as a sale of their daughter in marriage. To them it is merely a sanction of the gift by tradition.

Navajo children are much loved and well treated by their parents, who are loth to force them against their will and never chastise them by corporal punishment.

302 IMPROVEMENT ERA The marriage ceremony is always performed at the home of the bride's mother, but it must be in the absence of the mother, for the troublesome "motherin-law taboo"is effective after the engagement. Relatives and friends assemble at the hogan for

the event...

The ceremony is elaborate, beginning with pollenpainting of the bride and the groom. To them pollen is the emblem of life

and fruitfulness. Then follows the ceremony of handwashing.

This is followed by the eating, in a peculiar way, by means of the fingers, a dish of corn gruel by the bride and the groom. The

dish of corn gruel is the Navajo "wedding cake."After performing numerous religious rites the assemblage is led by the shaman,

or priest, in addressing an appeal to the sun, the moon, the "heand-sherains,"and all the other divinities for their favor in behalf of the bride and groom in their married career.

Any deviation from the precise sequence of events in the ceremony, or the omission of a single word from the chants and prayers, they believe incurs the lasting displeasure of their gods.

After the ceremony the guests give advice to the newly married couple and are profuse in their predictions of

AT AN ARIZONANAVAJO TRADERS a long and happy wedded life POST TRADING

The Navajos are experts at driving with "plenty of corn and meat bargains. to eat."

Navajo law requires that when a man marries he must get his wife from some other clan than the one to which he belongs.

After marriage he is regarded as a member of his wife's clan and is supposed to leave his own clan to make his home with the clan to which his wife belongs. Descent is always reckoned through

the female line. Among the Navajos it is the man who changes

his family name after marriage and sacrifices his family identity.

The Navajo woman is always well treated and occupies a position of dignity in the fact, she is the head of the family—in

family. The line of family descent is maintained through her and

the children belong to her clan and must take her family name.

She perhaps does most of the work, but the Navajo husband is not so lazy as the men of most Indian tribes. He cares for the

horses and burros, helps hoe the corn, and will often help his squaw tend the papoose.

Polygamy is very common among the Navajos. Often a

young Indian will marry the mother of several daughters, if she

NAVAJO MARRIAGE CUSTOMS 303

happens to be a widow. Then he will proceed to marry all the

daughters of the family. In this way he avoids the "motherin-law

taboo"which forbids him to look his motherin-law in the face.

his motherin-lawThe mother of the daughters is his wife—not

and in marrying the daughters he becomes his own fatherin-law.

The number of wives a Navajo may take is limited only by his ability to supply enough presents in exchange for them and by his ability to provide for them. The regular marriage ceremony

is performed only when he marries the first time. All additional

wives are taken merely by common consent and without ceremony.

Polyandry is not so common as polygamy, but there are authentic cases of Navajo women having several husbands. Women

have the same privilege as men in marrying the brothers of their dead w or divorced husbands. There are cases

where a Navajo woman has married a whole family of brothers. l -*<>"?

Divorce is common and is readily brought about without ceremony. The 1 *3Jft M*ttfrflttF

husband and wife may separate at any 1 m mTTtime with, or without, mutual consent.

| -#-, m. m. jm. jm. If a Navajo, upon approaching his

hogan, finds that his wife has piled his saddle, bridle, hunting paraphernalia, and personal effects outside the hogan, before the entrance, it is a notification that she has decreed herself.. ->- divorced from him and his honor will "i '"*. >

not allow him to violate her decree. A NAVAJO BLANKET

His only recourse is to return to his The worr.an who wove tin's

own clan. Later they may adjust their blankethad beenofto extraordinarythe railroad, adesignhundifferences and remarry if they elect dred miles away from her hogan,

and had seen a train which is ato do so. The man may take the inpart of the design. It is an exitiative in the divorce by simply taking tra large blanket such as would consume almost a year of an exhis personal effects and going to his pert weaver's time in the makown or some other clan. This done, ing.

the divorce is complete without the necessity of the divorce court holding a "matinee."A couple may separate and reunite at will,

as often as they please, without the interference of any Navajo law.

Every Navajo woman is a thorough suffragette. Her voice

in government and public affairs is equal to that of the man. It is

she who determines where the hogan shall be built, where the sheep and goats shall be herded, when and where the corn shall be planted and what the household expenditures shall be. When

the husband wishes money, wool, skins or blankets with which to buy ammunition, tobacco or trinkets, he must go to his squaw and 304 IMPROVEMENT ERA

represent to her his needs. He is sometimes compelled to beg like

a child for a little spending material.

The women are usually able to enforce their decrees effectively. The story is told of a stratagem to which they once resorted in enforcing their will. The squaws of a small Navajo

group wished to move their hogans from the path of floods, in an arroya, to the brow of a nearby mesa. The men demurred but

the women were insistent and determined to move alone to the mesa, leaving the men behind. The stratagem was effective and

Photo by Brooks, Utah Arch. Expad.

THE UTAH EXPEDITION Rushing over the quicksands of the Chin Lee river, Arizona, after havine fordedthat stream.

the submission of the men was complete, for the women had occupied the mesa alone but a short time when the men left the arroya and followed their wives to their new home.

Ownership of property is well defined in the Navajo family.

The wife owns the hogan, the children, the sheep and goats, and the household goods. The man owns only the burros and horses.

There are no property squabbles or alimony suits at the time of divorce. When her divorced husband has gone, the Navajo

woman remains in possession of the hogan, the children, and her share of the property until an "affinity"comes along to woo her.

The former husband goes to his own clan and lives with his relatives, or goes to some other clan in quest of another wife. Although

NAVAJO MARRIAGE CUSTOMS 305

the Navajo is virtuous in sentiment and strongly disapproves any form of social vice, divorce is often caused by infidelity as well as by interference of mischiefmaking relatives and others.

Virginity and celibacy are not common. The Navajo glories

in a large family, and infanticide, abortion and race suicide are almost unknown. A birth is a great event in a Navajo family

and is attended with great ceremony in which the medicine man leads. They are great lovers of children and no task that ministers to the needs of a child is considered drudgery or trivial.

The birth of twins is considered a sign of special recognition by the gods. A voiceless birth is held to be a bad omen and the

Photo by Brooks, Utah Arch. Expcd.

A NAVAJO HOGAN Some of the homes of these people are only rude sheds covered with bark and earth. They are often unsanitary and afford but little comfort in winter. The entrance always faces the east.

child is immediately killed by hanging it to a tree as a sacrifice to the displeased gods. A child prematurely born is disposed of in

the same way to appease the anger of the gods evidenced by the premature birth. The death of a child or an adult is always followed by four days of mourning, and in either case the hogan in

which the death occurred is considered chindee (haunted) and is forever abandoned. A new home must be built at a safe distance

from the old.

The Navajos have a splendid code of ethics, which has for its basis, however, the return of equivalents. They are true to

306 IMPROVEMENT ERA

friends but treacherous and cruel to enemies. Crimes are punished according to a sort of Mosaic notion of justice.

The home of the Navajo is in the scenic land of the Cliff

Dwellers—a broad tableland of wide spaces, lofty mesas, deep

canyons, sheer cliffs and tortuous arroyas. They have left the

cliff dwellings of the country practically undisturbed, regarding them with a superstitious awe. One of their legends1 recites that

the cliff dwellings are the deserted homes of a great people who are now living in the "under world"as deities to the Navajos and whose descendants. the Navajos, in part, are. Such an environment has, no doubt, been conducive to the sturdiness of character

so general among the Navajos.

M. I. A. CLASS IN LEADERSHIP, SNOWFLAKE, ARIZ.

A unique effort has been put forth at great expense by the General

Boards Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. to aid in the training of young men

and women for leadership in the young people's organizations of the

Church. During the past four months, threeday sessions have been

held in twenty of the Church Schools, conducted in the south by Dr.

John I"Taylor and Miss Clarissa A. Beesley, and in the North by

Oscar A. Kirkham and Mrs. Emily C. Adams. It is estimated that over

3,000 young men and women have taken this course in practical M. I. A.

leadership in lesson, contest, and scout work, and in joint social activities. The general feeling is that these courses have done more to

arouse interest and enthusiasm in the officers than anything else heretofore attempted; and that by these means thousands have awakened to

the marvelous possibilities of our organization, which is bigger, more valuable and attractive than they had ever dreamed.

The Wonderful Development of Modern

Bacteriology

BY J. E. GREAVES, PH. D., PROFESSOR OF BACTERIOLOGY, STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE.

Probably in no field of human endeavor has research been crowned with such glorious achievements, at least in so far as the welfare of the human race is concerned, as in the field of bacteriology; and this, in spite of the fact that it had the most humble

and recent beginning. Even the very dawn of its development

dates back only to 1675 when Leeuwenhoek, a Dutch linendraper, spent his leisure time in the grinding of lenses. In this he became

so proficient that he perfected a lens superior to any that had been made up to his time. With his crude lens he examined raindrops,

his own saliva, and many putrefying substances. In these he observed many living, moving forms, which, prior to this time, had

been unseen. We can imagine his joy and surprise from his

statement "I saw with wonder that my material contained many tiny animals which moved about in a most amusing fashion; the largest of these

showed the liveliest and most active motion, moving through the water or saliva as a fish of prey darts through the sea. They we're found

everywhere, although in no large numbers. A second kind sometimes

spun around in a circle like a top. They were present in larger quantities. A third kind could not be distinguished so clearly; now they

appeared oblong, now quite round. They looked like a swarm of gnats

or flies dancing about together. I had the impression that I was

looking at several thousand in a given part of the material from the teeth no larger than a grain of sand, when only one part of the material was added to nine parts of water or saliva."

We find this patient worker giving a very accurate description of these minute forms of life, but even this did not awaken the world to a full realization of the wonderful, invisible forms of life which were present in everything, and always working for good or evil. It did, however, stimulate discussion as to whether these

microorganisms were the result of spontaneous generation due to vegetative changes in the substances in which the organisms were found, or whether they were the descendants of preexisting organisms.

Back in the sixteenth century, we find the famous physicist and chemist, Van Helmont, stating that mice can be spontaneously generated by merely placing some dirty rags in a receptacle together with a few grains of wheat or a piece of cheese. The same

308 IMPROVEMENT ERA

philosopher's method of engendering scorpions appears to us very amusing "Scoop out a hole in a brick. Put into it some sweet basil. Lay a

second brick upon the first, so that the hole may be perfectly covered.

Expose the two bricks to the sun, and at the end of a few days the smell of the sweet basil, acting as a ferment, will change the herb into a real scorpion."

An Italian, Buonami, tells of a wonderful metamorphosis which he had witnessed. Rotten timber, which he rescued from

the sea, produced worms; these gave rise to butterflies, and the

butterflies, strangest of all, became birds. These false notions

were overthrown by the Italian poet and physician, Redi, who clearly demonstrated that larvae were not spontaneously generated in decomposing meat. He merely took the precaution of placing

the meat in a widemouthed bottle and covered the mouth of the bottle with gauze. Flies, attracted by the odor, deposited their

eggs on the gauze and it was shown that it was from these, and not through spontaneous generation, that the socalled worms arose.

The theory of the spontaneous generation of maggots and the like had been proven to be untenable; but how about these

microscopic organisms? Could they develop directly from organic

material? Now anyone provided with this new instrument, the

microscope, could easily demonstrate for himself the spontaneous generation of microscopic eels in vinegar or produce myriads of different and interesting living creatures in a simple infusion of hay or other organic material.

Needham and the great naturalist, Buffon, evolved the theory that a force called Productive of vegetative force existed which was responsible for the production of organized beings. Buffon

elaborated the theory that there were certain unchangeable parts common to all living things. These ultimate organic constituents

he supposed capable of taking various molds or shapes which constituted the various living creatures. After death these ultimate

constituents were supposed to be set free and become very active.

Uniting with one another and other particles they formed swarms of microscopic creatures.

Needham took decaying organic matter and enclosed it in vessels which he placed upon hot ashes to destroy any existing animalculae. Yet later in these fluids he found microorganisms

which were not there in the beginning.

In 1769 Spallanzani repeated the work, using hermetically sealed flasks, and sterilized by boiling for one hour. He writes

"I used hermetically sealed vessels. I kept them for one hour in

boiling water and, after opening and examining their contents after a reasonable interval. I found not the slightsst trace of animalculae,

''though I had examined the infusion from nineteen different vessels

MODERN BACTERIOLOGY 309

But the reply of Needham was that the boiling had altered the character of the infusion so that it was unable to produce life.

Voltaire, with his characteristic satire, took up the fight at this point and ridiculed the operations of the English clergy who had engendered eels in the gravy of boiled mutton, and he wittily remarks, "It is strange that men should deny a Creator and yet attribute to themselves the power of creating eels."But this was

a controversy to be settled not by ridicule but by experimental evidence.

So we find Spallanzani answering this by cracking one of the flasks so that air could enter. Decay soon set in. Even this was

not sufficient to overthrow a popular belief, for the claim was made that the hermetically sealing of the flasks excluded the air and this was essential to the normal development of these forms of life. This objection was answered by the work of many an

ingenious investigator, some by passing the air through tubes containing acid and then into the infusion, the acid removing the microorganisms, others by passing the air through a red hot tube.

But the final proof came when it was shown that it was sufficient to place cotton plugs in the bottles so that, as the air passed in, the microscopic organisms would be held back by the cotton. Every

now and then the contents of a flask would spoil, even after it had been carefully stoppered and then boiled. This remained a stumbling block in the way of those who maintained that life sprang

only from life, until in the year 1865, when Pasteur demonstrated the fact that many bacteria may pass into a resting stage, and while in this condition they will withstand conditions which kill them quickly while in the vegetation stage. Eleven years later

Conn, of Breslau, investigated very carefully organisms when in this resting or spore stage, and today we know forms of microorganisms which will withstand boiling water for sixteen hours without killing, and others are even resistant enough to endure for many hours a ten per cent solution of carbolic acid.

Since the dawn of history man has been interested in the wonderful process known as fermentation, and many an ingenious theory has been formulated to explain it, but nothing more than theory existed until the classic works of Louis Pasteur appeared on fermentation, about 1837. He claimed that all forms of fermentation were due to the action of microscopic organized cells.

An idea such as this, at this late date, did not go unchallenged, for we find no less illustrious workers than Helholtz and Liebig opposing him. Liebig even scoffed at such an idea for we find

him writing:

"Those who pretend to explain the putrefaction of animal substances by the presence of microorganisms reason very much like a child who would explain the rapidity of the Rhine by attributing it to the violent motions imparted to it in the direction of Burgen by the numerous wheels of the mills of Venence."

310 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Pasteur's carefully planned experiments, however, soon showed that without these microorganisms there would be no fermentation, no putrefaction, no decay of any tissues, except by the slow process of oxidation. The care with which his experiments were planned and executed are well shown in the experiments with grape sugar, concerning which he writes

"I prepared forty flasks of a capacity of from two hundred and fifty to three hundred cubic centimeters and filled them half full with filtered grapemust, perfectly clear, and which, as is the case of all acidulated liquids that have been boiled for a few seconds, remains uncontaminated, although the curved neck of the flask containing them remains constantly open during several months or years.

"In a small quantity of water, I washed a part of a bunch of grapes, the grapes and the stalks together, and the stalks separately.

This washing was easily done by means of a small barber's hair brush.

The washingwater collected the dust upon the surface of the grapes and the stalks, and it was easily shown under the microscope that this water held in suspension a multitude of minute organisms closely resembling either fungoid spores or those of alcoholic yeast, or those of

Mycoderma vini, etc. This being done, ten of the forty flasks were

preserved for reference; in ten of the remainder, through the straight

tube attached to each, some drops of the washingwater were introduced; in a third series of ten flasks a few drops of the same liquid

were placed after it had been boiled; and finally in the ten remaining

flasks were placed some drops of grape juice taken from the inside of a perfect fruit. In order to carry out this experiment the straight

tube of each flask was drawn out into a fine and firm point in the lamp, and then curved. This fine and closed point was filed round

near the end and inserted into the grape while resting upon some hard substance. When the point was felt to touch the support of the

grape it was by a slight pressure broken off at the file mark. Then

if care had been taken to create a slight vacuum in the flask, a drop of the juice of the grape got into it, the filed/ point was withdrawn, and the aperture immediately closed in the alcohol lamp. This decreased

pressure of the atmosphere in the flask was obtained by the following means: After warming the sides of the flask, either in the hands or

in the lamp flame, thus causing a small quantity of air to be driven out of the end of the curved neck, this end was closed in the lamp.

After the flask was cooled, there was a tendency to suck in the drop of grapejuice in the manner just described.

"The drop of grapejuice which enters into the flask by this suction ordinarily remains in the curved part of the tube, so that to mix it with the must it was necessary to incline the flask so as to bring the must into contact with the juice and then replace the flask in its normal position. The four series of comparative experiments produced the

following results:

"The first ten flasks containing the grapemust boiled in pure air did not show the production of any organism. The grapemust could

possibly remain in them for an indefinite number of years. Those in

the second series, containing the water in which the grapes had been washed separately and together, showed without exception an alcoholic fermentation which in several cases began to appear at the end of fortyeight hours when the experiment took place at ordinary summer temperature. At the same timethat the yeast appeared, in the form

c o white traces, which little by little united themselves in the form of a deposit on the sides of all the flasks, there were seen to form little

MODERN BACTERIOLOGY 311

flakes of Mycellium, often as a single fungoid growth or in combination, these fungoid growths being quite independent of the must or of any alcoholic yeast. Often, also, the Mycoderma vini appeared

after some days upon the surface of the liquid. The Vibria and the

lactic ferments properly socalled did not appear on account of the nature of the liquid.

"The third series of flasks, the washingwater in which had been previously boiled, remained unchanged, as in the first series. Those

of the fourth series, in which was the juice of the interior of the grapes, remained equally free from change, although I was not always able, on account of the delicacy of the experiment, to eliminate every chance of error. These experiments cannot leave the least doubt in

the mind as to the following facts:

"Grapemust, after heating, never ferments on contact with air, when the air has been deprived of the germs which it ordinarily holds in a state of suspension.

"The boiled grapemust ferments when there is introduced into it a very small quantity of water in which the surface of the grapes or their stalks have been washed.

"The grapemust does not ferment when there is added to it a small quantity of the juice of the inside of the grape.

"The yeast, therefore, which causes the fermentation of the grapes in the vintagetub comes from the outside and not from the inside of the grapes. Thus it destroyed the hypothesis of MM. Trecol and Fremy,

who surmised that the albuminous matter transformed itself into yeast on account of the vital germs which were natural to it. With greater

reason, therefore, there is no longef any question of the theory of

Liebig of the transformation of albuminoid matter into ferments on account of the oxidation."

Pasteur's work did not stop here, for he soon proved that a disease that was attacking the silk worm was caused by bacteria.

And from this there developed the idea that disease in general is due to bacteria. The profound importance of his work is well

summarized by Lord Lister, when he said of him

"Truly there does not exist in the entire world any individual to whom the medical science owes more than they do to you"[referring to Pasteur]. "Your researches on fermentation have thrown a powerful beam, which has lightened the baleful darkness of surgery, and has

transformed the treatment of wounds from a matter of uncertain and too often disastrous empiricism into a scientific art of sure beneficence.

Thanks to you; surgery has undergone a complete revolution which

has deprived it of its terrors and has extended almost without limit its efficacious power."

And we find Tyndall stating:

"We have been scourged by miserable throngs, attacked from impenetrable ambuscades, and it is only today that the light of science is being let in upon the murderous dominion of our foes."

If there was any doubt in the mind of the scientific world as to the fallacy of the theory of spontaneous generation, after the work of Pasteur, it was dispelled by the work of Tyndall. He

proved that in an atmosphere aboslutely devoid of dust, as is the 312 IMPROVEMENT ERA

case on the top of mountains, and in some ingeniously constructed boxes used by him, perishable substances such as beeftea will keep for an indefinite time.

As early as 1863, Davanie had seen in the blood of some animals that had died of a disease known as anthrax, a very smajl rodlike organism which permeated all the capillaries. Experiments showed that blood from such an animal when injected into

the veins of a second animal caused it to die of the same disease.

But he found that there were times when the organism could not be found in the blood of the animal after death, yet blood from this animal would cause the death of another animal when injected into its veins. This left a doubt in the minds of thinking men as

to whether this rodshaped organism was causing the death of the animal, orwas it some invisible element in the blood itself. This

was not fully settled until thirteen years later, when the work of

Robert Koch appeared. He had not only seen the organism but

he obtained it free from all other substances and had proven that it was the specific cause of the disease. This was followed by

many other discoveries, until today we know that practically all diseases are due to these invisible foes. Yes, even many of the

changes taking place in the body and associated with old age are probably caused by the products generated by bacteria.

The workers in this field are not satisfied with knowing the cause of a disease, but they want to know how they can ward off disease and how to cure it when it once gains access to the body of an animal. Pasteur soon announced that he had found a prevention for anthrax, and his statement was immediately challenged

by the president of an agricultural society in such a way that it was brought to the attention of the entire civilized world. He

suggested that the subject be submitted to a decisive public test and offered to furnish fifty sheep, half of which should be protected by the attenuated virus prepared by Pasteur. Later they

were all to be infected by the diseaseproducing organism and if the vaccine be a success the protected ones were to remain healthy, the unprotected ones to die of the disease. Pasteur accepted the

challenge and suggested that for two of the sheep there should be substituted two goats, and that there be added to the herd ten cows, but he stated that these latter animals should not be considered as falling rigidly within the test, for his experiments had not yet been extended to cattle. Before this time the fame of Pasteur

had been considered firmly established but now all the world looked on with doubt to think that any man should make such a preposterous claim. On May 5th the animals to be protected received

their first treatment with the vaccine and a second two weeks later.

On May 31st all the animals were inoculated with an extremely virulent culture of the diseaseproducing organism. The results

of the test were dramatic indeed for

MODERN BACTERIOLOGY 313

"Two days later, June 2nd, at the appointed hour of rendezvous, a vast crowd, composed of veterinary surgeons, newspaper correspondents, and farmers from far and near, gathered to witness the closing scenes of this scientific tourney. What they saw was one of the most

dramatic scenes in the history of peaceful science, a scene which

Pasteur declared afterwards, 'amazed the assembly.'Scattered about

the enclosure, dead, dying or manifestly sick unto death, lay the unprotected animals, one and all, while each and every protected animal stalked unconcernedly about with every appearance of perfect health.

Twenty of the sheep and the one goat were already dead; two 'other

sheep expired under the eyes of the spectators; the remaining victims

lingered but a few hours longer. Thus in a manner theatrical enough,

not to say tragic, was proclaimed the unequivocal victory of science."

In 1885, he announced his cure for hydrophobia, the disease following the bite of a mad dog, and since that time thousands have been rescued from this terrible disease.

This was followed by other great advances, until today diphtheria, in place of being a disease in which the death rate is 30 per cent, it is now cut to less than three. Typhoid fever is nearly

conquered, as is shown by the fact that during the first five months of the year 1913, there was not a single case of typhoid fever occurred in the United States army, while in 1909 there were 173 cases and 16 deaths. In the last quarter of 1911, antityphoid

vaccination of all persons in military service under fortyfive years of age was made compulsory, and since that time there has not been a single vaccinated soldier die of this disease. Nor is it followed by bad aftereffects; for, during the past four years, over

200,000 persons, mostly in the military or naval service, have been immunized without any fatalities or serious complications. Surely

this is a great triumph.

The Asiatic cholera and the yellow fever have been nearly wiped from the face of the earth. And thanks to the wonderful

work of Lord Lister, of whom it has been written, "He saved more lives, due to his work in antiseptic surgery, than were lost by Napoleon in all of his wars,"the hospitals are no longer filled with the harrows that were once to be seen there. The abdomen

has become the playground of the surgeon, nearly all parts of the body may be entered and it is not followed by that awful infection which used to follow even the slightest operation. The

organism which causes lockjaw following the wound with the toy pistol has been ferreted out, and today this kind of wound if properly treated is only slightly more dangerous than a cut. The stage

to which antiseptic surgery has been developed is well shown by the record of the Mayo Brothers who, during the last ten years, have performed over 3,000 difficult operations with a death rate of less than three per cent. Yes, greater advances than this have

been made, for we find the death rate amongst their patients during the last year to be only slightly greater than one per cent.

The investigators in some of these fields have gone into it not 314 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lot,only with a knowledge of the fact that failure may be their but they must even risk their lives in the work, as is shown in the fight against yellow fever. Dr. Lazear, an American army surgeon, allowed himself to be bitten by a mosquito in an infected

ward. He soon acquired the disease in its most terrible form and

died a martyr to science and a true hero. Truly can we say of

him, "Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends."Dr. Lazear lost his life, but due to him

and his comrade's work, yellow fever has been conquered.

Throughout this summary we have been tracing man's fight with these invisible foes, but there is another side to the story.

But it has not been developed to the extent to which this has, for here man has not been driven on by the struggle against an invisible enemy. Only a very small fraction of these invisible organisms are man's enemies. Most are his friends. Some of them

toil for him night and day. We find them helping him in the

dairy, on the farm, in every avocation of life. Their true significance is probably partly understood, when we realize that without

them life upon this planet would be impossible. The whole world

would become filled with neverchanging dead matter. One of

the essential elements of the soil would soon be exhausted, and plants and animals would soon perish from starvation. So we

find them increasing the fertility of the farmer's soil and helping him in a thousand and one ways. We find them directed by man's

will today in many a large industry, not in the haphazard way as was the case in the past, but with quantitative precision.

One may think from the preceding that in this field of science there is little yet to be done, but this is not the case, for there are diseases still unconquered. The great "White Plague"still claims

its millions each year. There are diseases which are sapping the

very life blood of the nation, yet they go unchecked. Science as

yet has not come to the aid of the unfortunate victims.

As regards the beneficial organisms, we have only just started to realize their great possibilities. In the soil we have five great

classes of organisms which deal with the transformation of nitrogen in the soil. One class carries on purification, changing the

insoluble proteins into ammonia, another picks the ammonia up as formed, transforming it into nitrites, and even this must be changed into nitrates before the farmer's plants can use it. Under

what condition are these changes carried on at a maximum rate?

What influence has moisture, temperature, crop and methods of tillage on this change? Some of these questions are being answered by the work being carried on by the Utah Experiment

Station, but there are many yet unanswered. Still they are vital

questions, for in many cases the yield of the farmer's crop will be determined by the skill with which he controls these various changes. We have another set of organisms in the soil, the funcMODERN BACTERIOLOGY 315

tion of which is to take the practically valueless nitrogen of the atmosphere and change it into forms such that the higher plants can feed upon. How may we control them for maximum yields?

for if treated right they will never tire, but toil on forever. Then

again, itis possible that we may become so familiar with these minute plants that we may use them to measure the requirements of the soil, and it is quite possible that they will be more sensitive than any tests we yet have. Truly can we say that in this field

great things have been accomplished, but there remains yet to conquer fields richer than the workers in the past have ever dreamed of.

LOGAN, UTAH

M. I. A. CLASS IN LEADERSHIP

This class, in which Supt. Heber J. Grant appears, held a threedays'session in the Latterday Saints University, Salt Lake City, under

the guidance of Oscar A. Kirkham and Emily C. Adams. In addition

to the sixweeks'course given in the Brigham Young College, in

Logan, which was well attended, 'a threedays'separate course was given there on January 11, 12, and 13, at which some 200 or more were in attendance. The threeday courses in nearly all parts of the Church

have been very successful, and the thanks of the General Superintendencies and the Boards are due to the managements and teachers of the different Church schools, for favors and accommodations extended. This applies not only to one but to all of them, and thanks

are. hereby expressed to all who have given aid to the officers and

members of the M. I. A. in these splendid threeday schools in leadership. The General Officers are hopeful that good results will follow

for the entire membership, from the training given to M. I. A. workers

in these gatherings.

of Western Scouts A King

BY SOLOMON F. KIMBALL

In Three Parts—Part III

Perhaps no subordinate military man, connected with the "Mormon"Church, played a more prominent part in the socalled Echo

Canyon war, during the winter of 185758, than did Elder Ephraim

K. Hanks. So daring was he in some of his exploits that the

bravest men in his company were not anxious to follow him on his reconnoitering expeditions. One dark night he crawled so

near to the army officers'tents that the cook unwittingly threw scraps from the general's table over him. Nothing went on

MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY, IN EARLY DAYS

around the Officers'Headquarters that he was not familiar with consequently, he kept General Wells posted on every important movement made by Johnston's army. He captured many of

Uncle Sam's teams, so as to prevent the troops from moving towards the valley, until President Brigham Young had time to make the authorities at Washington acquainted with the true condition of things.

During the moe south, in 1858, he made his home at provo,

A KING OF WESTERN SCOUTS 317

and after his return to Salt Lake, that fall, he took up a ranch between Big and Little Mountain, east of the city, which was named by him Mountain Dell. Here he established a trading post and

did a thriving business with the emigrants who passed, during the summer months. He also kept the stage station and looked after

the Pony Express boys who always enjoyed! with him a plate of

hot refreshments before speeding on their way to the East or to the West.

During the winter months, Mr. Hanks had great difficulty to

keep the road open over the Big Mountain where the snow, near the east brink, sometimes drifted to the depth of ten or twelve feet.

THE OLD BROMLEY STAGE STATION, MOUTH OF ECHO CANYON

In opening the way through this place he generally used a yoke of his oxen called Buck and Blow. On occasions of deep snow he

drove the cattle into the drift as far as possible and then unyoked them. Buck, who understood the meaning of it, moved forward

until he came into snow up to his eyes. He then tramped around

until he secured a good footing, preparatory to the next move.

When everything was ready, that old bovine bunted into that bank of snow with such vim that Eph, on several occasions, thought he had lost him forever; but the old fellow nearly always backed out

on time. As soon as he was out of the way, old Blow lined up

for the fray, and the bucking and blowing indulged in on such occasions was enough to make the student of animals smile with delight.

A KING OF WESTERN SCOUTS 319

The stage that passed by Mr. Hanks'place was a semioccasional affair, but when it did arrive it was generally loaded

with the kind of people who appeared to have been born hungry.

The fare across the plains in those days was so high that only the rich could afford to ride, consequently his visitors were a class of people who were well able to pay their way. Eph was not long in

finding this out, and aimed to give each passenger his money's worth of pie, even if sugar was a dollar a pound.

In those days beef, also, was scarce; and, in order to keep his

table supplied with fresh meat, he was compelled to resort to many schemes. His past experience had taught him that the meat of

many animals not generally considered wholesome was as good better. Whenas that used by the general public—it was sometimes

ON THE SUMMIT OF BIG MOUNTAIN

Eph was caught in an unusually tight place for meat, he would kill badgers, or hedgehogs, boil the meat in several changes of water until the strong taste and smell were gone, and then serve it to the hightoned stranger in a way that made him smack his lips and look for more. On one occasion, a rich banker had enjoyed several slices of boiled badger, when he wanted to know

what kind of meat it was, as he had never before tasted anything quite so good. Eph, with a twinkle in his eye said, "Mr. Banker,

that is cub, our common Mountain Dell cub."The banker, turning to his accomplished wife, said, "Yes, I thought so, it is certainly the most delicious meat that has been set before us since we

left home."

About the year 1860, the road through Parley's Canyon and 320 IMPROVEMENT ERA

over the summit, was completed. After that, most of the travel

went that way. This change, of course, affected business at the

Dell, and the result was that Eph sold his mountain home and moved to Parlev's Park. He found the surrounding country there

in a state of wild nature; nor could a more beautiful spot be imagined. Here he built his home and commenced to raise stock.

There were but two other families in the Park at that time besides his own, and the families resided about two miles apart. Marauding bands of Indians overran the country; hence, great care had

to be used by the settlers to prevent the redskins from committing depredations. Many scenes of a thrilling nature occurred during

those trying times, but Ephraim K. Hanks was always at his post

when danger was in sight, or at its worst.

From 1856 to 1863, much of his time was spent among the hostile Indians of the plains, in the interest of "Mormon"emigration. He visited

first one tribe and then another, and in this way, he by his intelligent diplomacy saved the lives of many people. All

this work he did without rehis love of muneration—for

God's children, which knew no bounds.

Eph could go from the sublime to the ridiculous probTHISBE READ WHO MARRIED ably as quickly and.with as

EPHRAIM K. HANKS little effort as any man who

APRIL 6, 1862 ever lived, no matter what the conditions were. About the

year 1862 he had an old character by the name of Bill Braffett working for him. Braffett had much conceit in his bald pate.

He was always boasting about what he could do. One day he had

the nerve to tell Hanks that he could do anything that Hanks could. The latter was skinning an ox at the time. When he

came to the skin on the back of the animal's neck he cut out a piece about two by twelve inches long. He scraped the hair off,

split it in two, and then asked Mr. Braffett to take his choice.

Bill, realizing what was coming, chose the smaller piece, of course,

Eph, turning to Mr. Braffett said, "Now Bill, go to it, and we will

see which of us can eat this hide in the shortest time."They

went to work in earnest. In less than ten minutes Eph had eaten

the last morsel of his piece of rawhide. He then went over to

A KING OF WESTERN SCOUTS 321

where Braffett was standing and asked him what had become of his portion of old Blue's neck. Bill said he had eaten it long ago.

The words had no more than escaped his mouth, when Eph pulled the oneby-twelveinch strip of rawhide out of Bill Braffett's bosom. George W. Naylor of Salt Lake, and other parties who

witnessed this amusing incident, laugh to this day when they tell about it.

Eph was certainly a man of many ideas. It was hard to catch

hirn napping. Brother John Walsh, of Farmington, who lived in

Emigration Canyon during those stirring times, said that the last time he saw Mr. Hanks he had a pair of live cub bears hung across

his shoulders and was "making for home"as fast as his horse could carry him. He had

probably killed the mother bear and was on his way to secure a wagon to haul her home.

The experience of Ephraim K. Hanks along

certain lines was most marvelous, and all who knew him were astounded at his resourcefulness. For instance, there was a man

moving a steam boiler from Salt Lake to Heber City.

Just before he reached Eph's place, he came to a mudhole in Sam Snyder's slough. The moment the

front wheels struck the s 1 o u g h-crossing they WALTER E., THE OLDEST SON OF

dropped almost out of EPHRAIM K. AND THISBE R. HANKSsight. The man worked

around there for a day or two, but accomplished nothing. About

the time he had given up all hopes of getting the boiler over, Eph happened along.

He said to the stranger, "Mr., what will you give me to land

that thing on the other side of this slough between now and sundown?"

The man, looking dubiously at Hanks, said, "If you will get this boiler over there by dark I will give you thirtyfive dollars, cash down, and furnish you with five yoke of oxen besides."

"Enough said,"was Eph's reply.

He had three hours to complete the job, with no time to "spin yarns."He pulled off his coat, felled two quakingasp trees,

stripped the bark from them, rounded the buttends in sleigh-

322 IMPROVEMENT ERA

runner fashion, slipped the timbers under the axles, lashed one to either side, and hitched six yokes of oxen to the big end of the all waspoles, with his Mountain Dell pets in the lead. When

ready, He grabbed a whip and let it slip. He yelled at Buck and Blow

He goaded all, both great and small, till things began to go.

And things did go, until that 7,000pound boiler was landed on the other side of the Sam Snyder slough.

The stranger, looking on with amazement, said, "That's a new one on me,"and at the same time handed Eph his thirtyfive dollars. The Reese boys, and other Salt Lake residents were witnesses tothis little incident, and often enjoyed a good laugh over it.

Eph built his home under the hills just north of where Park

City is now located, and was the first man to discover silver quartz

SCENE IN THE BLACK HILLS, WYOMING, IN EARLY DAYS, NORTH

OF THE OLD PIONEER TRAIL

in that neighborhood. He lived in Parley's Park until the Black

Hawk war broke out, in 1865, and then moved to Salt Lake City.

For the next two or three years much of his time was spent in helping to subdue the savages of the south who were making life a burden to the inhabitants of that part of the state.

In 1877, he was advised, by the Church authorities, to purchase Lee's Ferry, on the Colorado river. He made all 'preparations to remove thither, when his plans were frustrated by the death

A KING OF WESTERN SCOUTS 323 of President Brigham Young. He had already sold his home

and so, on the advice of President John Taylor, he moved his family to Burrville, in Wayne county, Utah. That being- a cold

country, he changed his location to the mouth of a box canyon some distance east of that place, on a small tributary to the Fremont river, called Pleasant Creek. Here he built a comfortable

home and set out about two hundred fruit trees. It was in this

location that Assistant Church Historian Andrew Jenson visited

Elder Hanks, in June, 1891, and gathered from this King of Scouts many interesting incidents of his life, some of which are contained in this series of articles.

Just prior to the death of President Woodruff, he sent Elder

Brigham Young, of the Quorum of the Twelve, on a special mis-

r

/i

>. / 'j %. SJtfesfes WSSk

SjTvT11***1BB3i*s'- '""iiiiiimBifBPC

.r r* bjgsj|)l|8J

", -.

i. '- TT T ft % J* JT * *..* r- '** j* *—. - *

.-';/""

AN OX TRAIN IN THE EARLY SIXTIES

sion to southern Utah to ordain Elder Hanks a Patriarch, realizing that he was worthy of that high and exalted office. Ephraim

K. Hanks was first counselor to Bishop Henry Giles, of Blue

Valley ward, Wayne county, Utah, up to the day of his death which occurred June 9, 1896.

President Brigham Young, in speaking of the virtues of Elder

Hanks, once said, in substance, that there is a man who has always been ready to lay down his life for the authorities of the Church, as well as for the cause of Zion and her people, and in due time he will receive his reward.

It would require volumes to place properly before the Latter324 IMPROVEMENT ERA

day Saints all the heroic deeds performed by this remarkable man.

He was certainly an instrument in the hands of the Lord in heh> ing to make it possible for the thousands of emigrants who came to Utah, in early days, to dwell in peace in these valleys of the mountains. The Indians of the plains learned to love and respect

him; and. in later years, he wielded an influence among them that

in thewas nothing short of marvelous. There was not a man

Church who had more influence with them than he had. So many

A GROUP OF UTAH INDIANS

cures he performed among them that they almost looked upon him as a superhuman being. They fed him when he was hungry,

clothed him when he was naked, and cared for him when sick.

The Spirit of the Lord was with him, and no one realized that fact more than did the redmen of the plains.

He was naturally intelligent, Godfearing, and liberal to a fault. Of course, he was somewhat rough, as he had but little

opportunity to attend school, or to enjoy the comforts of home life.

He was good at relating stories and never permitted any point to be lost in the story's telling. Under the most trying circumstances

he was always cheerful, and scarce a word of complaint was ever heard to come from his lips. His life was marvelously and often

miraculously spared while he passed through terrible dangers.

This generation of Latterday Saints will never fully appreciate

A KING OF WESTERN SCOUTS 325

what this King of Scouts did towards the establishment of this

Church in these valleys, until the books spoken of in the revelation of John shall have been opened. When the dead, small and

great, shall stand before God to be judged according to their works,

Father Hanks will be found in the front ranks among the noble and great "which came out of great tribulation."

We'll drop a tear as we draw near, the tomb of this our noble brave

Our hero dear, who knew no fear,—we'll strew sweet flowers o'er his grave.

Chastity

O is there a virtue that man must own

And woman must ever possess, That nature demands, and God has shown The hearts of the young should impress—

That man's very nature, and God, declare

Shall truly be pure and deep and rare,

As true as the diamond without impair?

Yes, surely: the virtue of Chastity.

And is there one standard of virtue for all,

For man and for woman as well,

Or woman infracting, be hurled to her fall

While man in all freedom may dwell

The man dragging woman, for lust, to her shame,

Besmirching her honor while honored his name,

He deepest in guilt yet not sharing the blame?

No, truly; one standard has Chastity.

Then man should be pure and chaste as the snow.

With virtue the woman be crowned,

That both, as they live in probation below,

Fit subjects for heaven be found

Unsullied in thought, and both undefiled,

As pure as angel or innocent child,

From Heaven's strict law being never beguiled,

An honor to God and to Chastity..

Then be, O young men, as sturdy as oak,

Ne'er yielding to passion's red lure,

Your freedom is greater, and lighter your yoke,

While treading the path of the pure.

Most sternly resolve your lifeblood you'll yield

In the conflict with vice (having truth for your shield), die in the field Ere virtue surrender—yes,

Ere ever you sin against Chastity.

And, maidens so sweet, be your virtue your crown,

And modesty ever your grace:

To tempters be swift with your "no"and your frown—

A positive signal in place.

Unswerving in virtue, then make firm demand

That man live thus strictly or seek not your hand,

That both in like honor most truly may stand

Deserving the bright crown of Chastity. F. E. Barker

Anthon L. Skanchy

A Brief Autobiographical Sketch of the Missionary Labors of a Valiant Soldier for Christ

TRANSLATED AND EDITED BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

V. AGAIN BEFORE THE COURTS

I had a sister five years older than myself who was not in the

Church, but was a private teacher in the family of Mr. Miller, a

merchant in Kovaaen, about one hundred seventyfive miles south of Tromso. Mrs. Miller was slightly releated to the Skanchys.

At one time I had been kept in prison in Tromso during twentyone days, waiting for a session of the court at which I could be tried. At last I was sent by steamship to Kovaaen, where a court

was to be held.

We left Tromso about ten o'clock in the evening. There

were many passengers on board, especially on the deck. It was

one of the mild, beautiful summer nights of Nordland. The steward who had my ticket and was supposed to take care of me desired to have a little fun with the "Mormon"preacher, but apparently he made a wrong calculation, for when he attacked me

with improper words, I talked back to him so loudly that the captain on the bridge came running down to the steward and took him by the coat collar and put him under arrest, saying that he had no right to make life disagreeable for a prisoner. The steward remained under deck as a prisoner during the whole day.

At once, as a result of this episode, I was surrounded by all the passengers on the deck, and as I stood on one side of the deck the little ship began to tip. The captain very politely asked me

to stand in the middle of the deck. I felt then that I had a good

opportunity to preach and to answer the questions that might be put to me. The people again gathered about me, and I stood

there and defended the cause of truth from twelve o'clock at night until five o'clock in the morning. At that time a lady of

the first class came to me and offered me something to eat. This

food strengthened my body. Thus, in my life's experience, I have

been occupied a whole night in battling for the cause of truth.

On this occasion I felt that I was not alone, but that I was powerfully supported by the Lord and his influence.

At seven o'clock in the morning we reached our destination, and two of the civil authorities came on board. Thev both greeted

ANTHON L. SKANCHY 327

me, as I had long been acquainted with them. At eight o'clock

we reached the place where the court was to be held. The courthouse was on a little hill rising abruptly from the fjord. Mr.

Nordrum, the court clerk, and his deputy went at once into the house which was occupied as a dwelling house, and where the family were eating breakfast. Mr. Nordrum was a liberalminded

man and he said to Mrs. Miller, "Have you a comfortable room

that we can have, as we have a prisoner along with us?"

"What?"said the lady, "a nice room for a prisoner?"

"Yes,"he answered. "It is no ordinary prisoner. It is the

'Mormon'preacher, Skanchy."

My sister, who was standing by the table, heard this and almost fainted. She left the table and went weeping down to the

shore where I was standing, threw her arms about my neck, kissed me, and cried again. All this was done to the great surprise of

my fellow passenger, the lady who so kindly gave me a bite to eat earlier in the morning. This lady soon heard that I was her

brother. This also brought tears from the lady, who said, "I would

give a great deal if I had such a brother, for he has been on the battlefield all night and has won a victory."

All this occurred on Sunday morning. I was given a good

breakfast in a large, wellfurnished room in the building. The

court clerk came to my room, greeted me in a friendly way, and told me that my hearing should be the first one so that I could be released early.

At eight o'clock Monday morning, I was called into the court room where I was examined concerning my great crime against the Norwegian law, namely, that I had freely preached the doctrines of the Bible and performed the ordinances of the gospel which should be done only by the Lutheran priests who were paid for so doing. The court clerk, Mr. Nordrum, of whom I have

spoken, felt well towards the "Mormons"and treated them with much respect, but he was obliged, of course, to do his work in accordance with the laws of the land. The only judges who were

after us were those who wanted to make a reputation for themselves by persecuting the "Mormons."

This bitter trial was similar to the many others to which I had been subjected. Upon the request of the court, I bore a long testimony to the truthfulnesss of "Mormonism,"all of which was

written down in the records of the court. All of it was read to me

again, so that I might correct it, if I so desired, before it becam<- a permanent part of the court records. I thought this was not so

bad, as my testimony had been written into the official records each time that I had been before the courts. As a result a great

deal of "Mormonism"stands recorded in the official records of northern Norway, as a testimony against the unjust persecutions to which the servants of the Lord have been subjected.

328 IMPROVEMENT ERA My case now went to a superior officer for his consideration, and I was set free until such time as he might pronounce judgment upon me. The day after, the clerk of the court, Mr. Nordrum,

offered to take me on my journey with him, in a large row boat which belonged to the city. It would be at least a week before

the steamer arrived. The boat had four men as rowers. The

clerk and I sat at the back of the boat on a comfortable bench, and during the eight hours of the trip discussed the gospel. We

came during the day to a large island which was densely populated and there, in accordance with my wishes, I was set on land.

On this island I took up my work with much satisfaction, and continued it from island to island.

I will say here again that my mission work was of greatest interest and joy to me. When I saw the fruits of my work, as I

took the honest in heart to the water's edge and there baptized them, I felt that it was the most glorious work any mortal could perform. No sacrifice seemed too great, for I felt as if my

whole system was swallowed up in "Mormonism."

The experiences which I won by my work in Nordland, the long journeys by land and water, the sacrifices and the suffering

I had to endure, such as hunger and loss of sleep, will always remain in my memory, and they were no doubt for my good. I

learned on this mission great lessons, and the Lord be praised therefor.

VI. HOW I SPENT THE WINTER IN NORDLAND.

I continued my work until late into the fall and early winter, as long as I could find the people at home. When winter opened,

most of the ablebodied men voyaged to the fishing districts and worked there throughout the winter. Especially did the fishermen gather in the famous fisheries of Lofoten, where thousands

of men and boats assembled each winter while the women, children and the aged remained home on the islands. At that season

so much snow falls that it is almost impossible to travel from place to place.

I was in considerable distress, for I hardly knew what a poor missionary could do during the winter to perform his duties and to measure up to the responsibilities that had been placed upon him and be true to his call. This great problem filled my thoughts.

T presented the matter to Him in whose service I had been called.

The result was that I obtained the testimony that I should go wherever I could find people and work with them just as far as I could. Consequently, I started out for the fisheries where the

men gathered for the winter.

First I went to the island of Hatsel, and from there to a place near Lofoten, in the midst of the wild ocean, and hired out to one

ANTHON L. SKANCHY 329

of the fishermen, the owner of a large boat. There were six of us

in the boat, and during the winter we fished with all our strength in the great Atlantic Ocean. An old house stood on the shore, at

a point known as Qualnes, in which the fishermen lived during the fishing season. Twelve men, six from our boat and six from

another, lived in the large, one room of the cabin. Here we

cooked and slept; but it went pretty well.

As I was quick, strong, and endured the sea without becoming sick, I felt that I never needed to take a place inferior to any of the other men. My associates were raw, uncultured seamen. I

thought to myself, "Here is something for me to do."I went out

among the great rocks that littered the coast and had my prayers and communions with the Lord. Soon I acquired influence over

the men and began to teach them to refrain from their fearful swearing and cursing, which they continued from morning until evening. They all knew that I was a "Mormon"preacher. Our

captain was the first to stop swearing; then the others, and finally

they developed a very great respect for me. Whatever I said,

they accepted as being right. In the end they developd such a

love for me that when the fishing season was ended, and I bade them farewell, tears came into their eyes. This was the first winter of my first mission, and the first winter that I spent as a fisherman on the wild ocean.

From the fisheries I sailed to the island of Hatsel where my winter's captain lived, and visited for a short time with him and his family. I received my $34 for the winter's work, and went joyfully on my way, to continue my mission over the country.

VII. THE LORD SENDS ME MONEY AND MORE FRIENDS

The second summer of my mission was used chiefly in preaching to the fishermen. I traveled from island to island, from shore

to shore, over mountains and valleys, and I won numerous friends.

Many were baptized and more were left with a testimony. I was

arrested, of course, and on one occasion was given eight days'solitary confinement with only bread and water to eat. In the

fall my means had all been consumed, and the snow water ran in and out of my boots. I succeeded in borrowing about five dollars

infrom a friend, who was not in the Church, and that put me

I secured many subscriberstiptop shape again. On my journey

for the Scandinavian Star, which also helped to spread the gospel.

The second winter came, and I received a letter from Captain

Christian Hansen, with whom I had labored the preceding winter, asking me to report at his home the first of January, 186b. It was

about"the middle of December that one of the brethren who took a boat and rowed me into Gosfjorden, whence I could walk over a mountain, about fourteen miles, until I would be opposite the 330 IMPROVEMENT ERA

island which was my destination. The country here was very

wild and open, and had great chasms running through it. It was

very easy for a person to become hopelessly lost in a maze of wonderful natural phenomena. I bade my good brother goodby by

the ocean side; he gave me explicit instructions for my guidance.

1 was to go in a straight line southward, and I would reach my destination. As much snow lay on the ground, I took a pair of

skis and carried my clothes and books in a satchel on my back.

Within five minutes after starting, the air became filled with snow, so that I could not discover which was south or north. To

go back was impossible, for no one lived by the fjord; the boat

had gone back, and I stood alone in the solitary, mountainous wilderness. However, this did not frighten me, for I felt that I was

directed by the Lord. I turned about to get the direction I had

taken in. the beginning, and then sighted ahead, as best I could, in

the same direction to some bush or other natural object. This I

repeated, over and over again, and in that fashion I traveled the whole fourteen miles in the midst of a terrific snowstorm. The

snow was so soft that my skis sank down in it until I was in the snow almost up to my knees, and I could hardly see the end of my skis, as I brought them out of the snow. Naturally, my progress was slow.

Night came and darkness overtook me, but for me there was light, nevertheless. At nine o'clock that night I reached the shore.

It was joy to take the skis from my feet and walk on the sand among the great rocks. I saw a house on the shore about a mile

away. I went in there. and asked for lodging. I was so overcome

by weakness from the hard journey of the day that I could scarcely speak. The man in the house, however, understood what troubled

me, and placed me in a chair by the warm stove; then he took my

boots from off my feet, and brought me from the cellar a bowl of homemade malt beer. After I had become warmed, he asked

me to sit up to the table and eat. I did this in a great hurry.

This poor fisherman's home was the only house on this side of the island. After I had eaten, the wife made the beds. She

put clean sheets and pillow slips over a good straw mattress covered with an old boat sail in the corner of the one room in the house. After prayers, it seemed that they knew who I was. I

was then made to sleep in their own bed, while they slept on the straw bed made in the corner.

The next morning we had a modest breakfast, and the man rowed me across the sound to the next island, and would not take the slightest pay for what he had done. I then walked across this

island and found a man to ferry me across the next sound. For

this service the ferryman demanded twentyfive cents. This was

the last money that I had. I gave him the money and he set me

ashore on a sand ridge that jutted out from the island into the

ANTHON L. SKANCHY 331

water. He immediately rowed back to his own island. There I

stood, alone, penniless and in a strange place. With a heavy heart

I gathered up my satchel and my coat and looked around for my directions. There, as I looked, by my side and on the sand, lay a

little pile of money in silver and copper coins, totaling nearly a dollar. I was so affected by this unexpected relief that I sat down

on a stone and wept for gratitude.

I wondered how this money had been left, and came to the conclusion that some fishermen had probably been selling fish among the neighboring islands and had placed the money that they received, as is very common, in the bailing dipper of the boat; on

their way back they had forgotten that the money was in the bailing dipper, and in bailing out the boat had thrown the money accidentally on the sandridge on which I had landed. However,

it had happened. It was another testimony to me that there is

One high above us, who sees and knows all things. He knew, no

doubt, that I had paid out my last money, and therefore guided my boat so that I landed where this money had been lost. I was

grateful to the Lord.

I continued my journey from island to island, and at last reached the island of Hasel, where I was received warmly by Captain Christian Hansen and his wife. This time he offered me a

much better position in the fishery than I had the previous winter.

I was to be with him during January, February and March. He

was to furnish the fishing apparatus and my provisions, and we were to divide equally the products of my labor. I agreed to this

and we sailed away.

all went We lived this winter alsoj in the old log house, and fairly well. When the fishing season was ended, and the account

was to be settled, I found that my share was about fifty dollars.

I paid my debts and continued my journeys again.

(to be continued)

To Nature

Just walk out into the fields Hear the twittering of birds,

Where the flowers grow; Hear the woodland call.

Feel the freshness of the air,

Feel the breezes blow. See the flying clouds above,

See the butterflies.

Hear the humming of the bees, In the beauty of them all

Hear the waterfall, Nature's power lies.

What for? Don't you get the thought?

Think again; did you mar the scene, or not?

midway, utah Guy Coleman The Miser

BY ELSIE C. CARROLL

The "Miser's"real name was John Henry Welker, and he had once been a highlyrespected and influential citizen in southern

Utah. But that was before Bates Thompson, his partner in the

sheep business, had absconded with the fortune the two men had spent their young manhood in accumulating. Some rare natures

use adversities as stepping stones to higher development of character, but more common ones are often crushed beneath them.

John Henry Welker, unfortunately, belonged to the latter type.

There is an old proverb that misfortunes come seldom alone. This

was also verified in the Miser's case. He might in time have been

able to overcome the distrust and hate caused by his friend's perfidy, had that been all. But a short time after this, his only daughter eloped with Thompson's nephew, and the sins of the fathers

were certainly the deserts of the children in the Miser's mind; so

this degradation completely crushed him. His own youth had

been so completely obliterated in his struggle for the almighty dollar that he could not understand that the bond which had grown between his child and his neighbor's, through the years of childhood and youth, was too strong to be broken by the will of a third party.

This was the beginning of. John Henry's life as a Miser. He

had lost none of his ability to accumulate, but his confidence in his fellowmen was dead, and as the years went by he drew more and more within himself and away from his associates.

When his daughter was left a widow he refused to give her assistance. But a year later she died, and her little son was sent

tohim. He received the child sullenly, and the hopes of his old

friends that the little one's influence would bring him back to his old life were never realized.

The Miser was going over the years that had followed the child's arrival now, as he sat on the crude bench outside of the dilapidated ranch house. It was Sunday morning, and the world

was filled with the glory of late springtime. Everywhere were

signs of Nature's bounty. The sun was pouring its mellow warmth

over the shriveled old man as he leaned against the weatherbeaten logs; but its radiance failed to bring an answering glow

to the hardened, brown face. A meadowlark perched on a little

mound of grass in the flowersprinkled meadow a few rods away, was almost bursting its throat in an ecstasy of song, but the

THE MISER 333

Miser's ears were deaf to the melody. He saw only the blighted

years that stretched behind him, and the desolate, empty years before.

A oneseated buggy came around a point in the road. The

Miser involuntarily looked in its direction, but when he recognized the occupants his face grew even more hard and melancholy than before, and he left the bench and tottered into the cabin, muttering, "Curse him! Curse him! And I meant it all should

be his. But he couldn't wait. He had to get highfalutin'ideas about

school and wouldn't stay. And now it's that girl. I had hoped he

might come back after he'd had a little taste of strugglin'for his self, but he won't now. But what do I care? I was wise not to

learn to love him. I knew it would be the same story of ingratitude, and I was right. Curse him."

The young man in the buggy was the Miser's grandson who had left him a few months ago, after many vain attempts to gain the old man's consent to go away to college. He felt the need of

his time and finally had told his grandfather that he would go without his consent or assistance, and he had gone, followed by the old man's maledictions.

"I meant it all should be his,"again the old man muttered as he hobbled along the rough floor. "But he shall not have a cent.

Not a cent. No one shall have it; it is mine. Bah! how I hate

! It is false. Everyone is false. Howhim. How I hate the world

I hate it all!"His clawlike hands opened and closed diabolically.

"But it never changes, my money. It is always the same. I love

it."The bitterness faded from his sunken eyes and his voice grew

almost tender as he spoke these words, "Gold! Gold!"he repeated as he bent over the crude hearth in front of the open fireplace and laboriously lifted part of the stone and took from

their hiding place two large bags. He held them in his arms for

a moment as a mother would hold a child from whom she had been unwillingly separated for a time. "Mine, mine,"he murmured, and patted the bags. Then he carried them to the other

side of the room and stood beside the high bunk. He opened the

bags and poured the shining contents out. "Mine, mine,"he repeated again, gloatingly, as he lifted up handfuls of the yellow

coin and let them slip through his crooked fingers. As he sat thus

with his treasure the sound of a church bell came faintly from a distance. "Sunday,"he muttered. "God's day! God!"His thin lip

curled in a "sneering laugh. "There's no God, nor friends, nor

good in life. I've tried them all. They're all false. Only you are

sure,"and he turned again to his treasure. His fingers caressed

the sparkling heap before him. "God! You are my god, and

no one shall take you from me."

In the meantime, the young man and girl in the oneseated 334 IMPROVEMENT ERA buggy rode on down the road to the thrifty fields beyond the

Miser's cabin.

"See, Mary, it begins here and goes clear over to the riverbed."The young man drew his horse in beside a new wire fence

surrounding a field proudly waving its first crop of alfalfa and wheat. "If it does as well as it looks like it will, I can finish paycollege."Theing for it this fall, and then I—we—can talk about

girl's face flushed and she hastened to say, "You have done wonderfully well, George. I can hardly believe it. You will be a rich

man some day."

"Not if the Miser has his way,"the young man answered, and a gloomy expression came over his face. His companion quickly

changed the subject again.

"Never mind, let's not think of that, George. There are so

many pleasant things to think about today, and there is the bell for

Church already. We shall have to hurry back,"and they turned

into the road and drove toward the village. Everywhere the world

was full of summer loveliness. As the young couple neared the

village their eyes rested on thrifty farms, stretching away on each side of the peaceful Sevier, to the foothills. Comfortable

homes nestled among green trees and blooming shrubbery. It

was a picture of successful toil and prosperity. Little did they

dream that within a few hours that beautiful valley would be devastated by a ruthless flood. That fields would be swept barren,

and that this carefully tilled land would be covered with brush and boulders. That beautiful homes would be made unsightly and

uninhabitable. That trees would be uprooted, bridges washed

away, telephone poles shattered—in a word, that the years and

years of man's labor would be swept away in a few hours by a fettered element which would burst the bands of man's control.

The people living along the Sevier River will long remember the 25th of May. 1914. The morning had been spent in a May

dav festival at Circleville. The afternoon passed in athletic sports.

The day was to be completed by a grand ball in the evening. The

inhabitants from neighboring ranches had come to Circleville for the occasion. Crowds still stood on the public square, although

the sports were over. Everyone was in a holiday mood. It was

almost time for the young people to go home to prepare for the dance. Some one espied a foaming horse dashing up the river

road. All eyes were turned in the direction of the rider. A pre

sage of fear clutched every heart. The courier drew rein as he

neared the crowd and called out: "The Hatch Town dam is

broken! Run to the hills!"For a moment the people stood and

stared in whitefaced alarm. Then someone cried out, "Go on

with the dance. That flood will never touch us. We're half a

mile out of its course, at least. Besides, it's thirty miles away. It

won't be here until some time tomorrow. On with the dance.

THE MISER 335

Let joy be unconfined."Others took up his cry, and faces began

to lose their expression of fright. Some of the older people argued that precautions should be taken, and went to prepare in

case an exit from the town should be necessary. But soon the

spirit of the day had been restored, and preparations went on for the dance.

There was one who heard the courier's call, who felt the full significance of his words and watched in horror the calm indifference to his warning. But it was only "Daft Meg,"so no one

paid any attention to her entreaties. At last the poor soul went

home disheartened, and lived over again the tragedy of seeing her husband go down in the muddy torrent of a flood caused by the break of a dam. "And we felt safe,"she moaned. "That was it.

We felt safe."She called up to her tortured brain the little valley

home fifty miles from the head of the flood, and how they had scoffed at danger until the seething, cruel, boiling mass was suddenly upon them. She lived again the torture of seeing her husband, in his desperate attempt to save her and their baby, give himself up to the roaring torrent. "And that is why I am 'Daft Meg'

and they will not listen to me,"she cried in a frenzy of despair, as the picture tortured her memory. Then she sprang up and rushed

out. "They must listen! They must!"she cried, and hurried toward the dancing pavilion.

When "Daft Meg"entered the hall, her wild eyes and livid face commanded attention. Everyone knew the sad story of her

misfortune, and regarded her with pitying tolerance.

"Get to the hills!"she cried, in a shrill, excited voice. "Don't

be fools like we were. The flood was fifty miles away that night,

hills to the hills—thebut it rushed upon us and stole—him. Get

Or are you a pack of fools?"Her weird laugh sounded through

the hall, as she rushed into the night, leaving the people staring into each other's faces. Somehow this time her words had made

them realize their danger. There was a mad rush toward the

door. Soon the whole village was aroused, and began to make

their way up the mountain side. There they stopped and waited.

An hour before dawn they could hear the roar of the oncoming flood as it pounded its way through the narrow gorge of Circleville Canyon which opened into the village from the south. It

was quite light when the great, boiling, seething, sixteenfoot wall of water could first be seen tumbling through the mouth of itthe canyon. The people stood in awestricken groups and saw

sweep on towards their homes, helpless to stem its tide. It was

like an avaricious giant clutching treasures on every hand.

After the first fearful fascination had passed, eyes began to lives, atrove up and down the valley to make sure that all human!"

least, were safe. Then it was that someone cried out, "The Miser

and a look of horror came into every face.

336 IMPROVEMENT ERA Mary and George Thompson went cold. In his solicitude for

her widowed mother he had not once thought of his grandfather.

He was standing beside Mary when the cry went up. She clutched

his arm and looked with mute sympathy into his face. Friends

gathered instinctively about the young man. He pressed Mary's

hand silently, then started down the mountainside. Someone

seized his arm. "Where are you going?"was the question on

every lip. 'To save my grandfather!"was the calm reply.

"Don't be a fool, boy. Can't you see that it is too late?"

Still George, filled with remorse at his neglect, stumbled onward.

"Come back, George,"someone else implored. "What do you

life, and that isowe the Miser, anyhow? Surely not your own

what you are sacrificing without the least hope of saving him, either. Think of Mary and your friends and be sensible."

The young man hesitated a moment at these words, and looked into the white face of the girl he loved, but what he saw in

Mary's brown eyes rather urged him on than detained him. He

knew that at the rate the water was going the flood would almost beat him to the Miser's cabin.

His horse was tied to a tree a little way down the hillside, and he hurried to her. When the boy's friends saw that he was determined to make the risk, several of them followed him, but he

was heedless to their calls for him to wait, and once upon his horse, went galloping over brush and boulders, down toward the flood.

The Miser was awakened by an unusual sound. He lay for a

moment listening. It was a peculiar, dull roar, growing louder

and louder. The old man got painfully from his bed and looked

from the window. The sight that met his eyes froze the blood in

his veins. It was a murky, clutching mass of water rushing upon

him.

Time and again the Miser had told himself that there was no

God, but now he groaned in agony, "O God, deliver me! deliver

me!"And still the flood rushed on. He knew that before he

could cross half the distance to the nearest hill the water would be upon him. He suddenly remembered that he had heard of

houses floating on the crests of found that floods—perhaps—hehe could move, after all. He stooped over the hearthstone. Even

in that hour of danger the Miser's first thought was of his treasure. A mother would as likely think of abandoning her child as

the Miser his gold. He flung the strap attached to the bags over

his shoulder and put on a heavy overcoat that was hanging near, then he went out and laboriously climbed to the top of the cabin.

As the Miser sat and watched that ominious death creeping certainly upon him, his thoughts turned curiously back over his

THE MISER 337

past life, and terrifying dread of the hereafter that was so near almost overpowered him. The flood struck the cabin. It tottered

and quivered for a second then began to rock. One glance at the

seething waves about him, and the Miser covered his face with his trembling hands. "O God, forgive and save me! O God, forgive

and save me!"he repeated over and over in the anguish of despair.

These were the words that reached George's ears as he neared the cabin, and something clutched at the boy's heart as he looked at the old man's distorted face, and made him redouble his efforts.

He shouted to his grandfather, but the old man was too absorbed in his plight to hear. George knew that Queen was an excellent

swimmer, and he had brought a long rope. He saw that his only

hope of success was to swim in behind the flood and throw the rope to the old man. He was yet in comparatively shallow water,

not yet having entered the direct current of the flood. He waited

a moment to see which direction the cabin would take. It suddenly swerved to the right and away from him. With a shriek the

old man clutched the ridgepole of the roof and buried his face in his arms..

George leaned over his horse. "Dear old Queenie, you have

never failed me yet. Don't, oh, don't fail me now!"And the

faithful beast plunged into the flood.

George's friends had followed him around the point of the mountain, and were watching him with breathless interest from the edge of the flood. As he plunged into the foaming water

there was a deathlike hush among the watchers. Mary covered

her face for a moment, then with another silent prayer looked again at the brave young savior.

Inch by inch the horse and rider neared the drifting shack.

Now a mass of debris would entangle them, and again a tumbling boulder would swerve them from their course. At last,

after what seemed an age to the watchers on the mountainside, the cabin was reached. They saw George throw the rope. They

it. It was flung again, andsaw the Miser clutch for it and—miss

this time the old man caught it and tried to totter to the edge of the roof. He stumbled and fell, dragging George from his horse.

They both went down, down out of sight in the boiling water. The

men on the mountain looked at each other with white, questioning faces; the women clung to each other, weeping. After a moment

the flood threw its victims to the surface, and the watchers saw the struggle begin again. Queen had become frightened, and

with dilated nostrils was swimming to the opposite edge of the water. The Miser seemed to be unconscious. The spectators saw

George bind the old man to his back and begin to swim toward hillside, and them. A shout of encouragement went up from the

a dozen men ran to the rescue.

They dragged the two unconscious men to safety. For an

338 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hour they rubbed the stiffened limbs of the Miser before he showed signs of life. George had recovered and was bending

over the old man when he first opened his eyes. The sun was just

coming up over the eastern hills, revealing all the devastation of the flood. The people stood in disconsolate groups, gazing at

the waste before them.

The Miser tottered to his feet. He looked first at the barren

valley, then at the people, and last at his grandson. A new light

beamed in his wrinkled face. Slowly he took up the bags which

had been carelessly flung to the ground with his coat. "Here,

son,"he said, touching George on the shoulder, "take this and are ready, pergive it where it is needed most, and then if—if you

haps we had better try to get to the sheep ranch to see if things are safe there."George looked into the old man's face, and as he

read the meaning there, he caught the Miser's trembling hand and pressed it tight in both his own, and whispered, "Grandfather!"

PROVO. UTAH

Missionaries of the Minnesota conference, held November 8, 1914:

Back row, left to right: Marvin G. Bennion, Taylorsville; W. J. Henderson, Cannonville; Chas. S. Miller, Farmington; L. R. Nelson,

Provo; E. H. Erickson, Ogden, Utah. Second row: Zelda Kirkham

r hi Ca h 'of Alpine Presincy stake', Lei* T h TL.U?aUtah, O.O niinOlson,; n7"Oxford,f V Idaho; T {. f Joseph I. Cook, Vernal, Utah.

The Sabbath Day

BY GEORGE W. CROCKWELL

Which is the proper day to be observed as a day of worship, or Sabbath day, the first or the seventh day of the week?

To the Latterday Saint there is no uncertainty about it; we

have the word of the Lord, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, that the first day of the week, called by John the beloved disciple, the Lord's day, is the proper day, and should settle the question without further with the world at large this is different. cavil,—but

Our Seventh Day Advent friends contend vigorously for the seventh day, boldly asserting that Constantine, Emperor of Rome, changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week, by an edict in the fourth century.

This is most certainly an error as the following excerpts from the writings of theological historians will prove

Mosheim's Church History, Book 1. Century 1, Part 2, Chap. 4:4:

"The Christians of this century assembled for the worship of God and for their advancement, on the first day of the week, the day on which Christ reassumed his life; for that this day was set apart for

religious worship by the apostles themselves; and that after the example

of the church at Jerusalem, it was generally observed, we have unexceptionable testimony."

Epistle to the Magnesians, 101 A. D., Chap. 9, Ignatius said:

"Those who were brought up in the ancient order of things, have come to the possession of a new hope, no longer observing the Sabbath (Jewish or seventh day), but living in the observance of the

Lord's day (first day) on which also our life was sprung by him and his death."

Barderaven, A. D. 130: "On one day, the first day of the week,

we assemble ourselves together."

Apologies, 1:67, A. D. 140, Justin Martyr says: "And in the day

called Sunday all who live in the cities or in the country gather together in one place and the memoirs of the apostles, or the writings of the prophets, are read as long as time permits, etc. * * * Sunday

is the day on which we all hold our common assembly, because it was the first day on which the Lord, having brought a change in the darkness and matter said, Let there be light, made the world, and Jesus

Christ our Savior on the same day arose from the dead."

Clement of Alexandria, Book 7, Chap. 12, A. D. 193: "He, in

fulfilment of the precept according to the gospel, keeps the Lord's day."Apologies, Sec. 21, A. D. 200: "We neither accord with the Jews

in their peculiarities in regard to food nor in their sacred days."

Origen, Book 3, Chap. 23, A. D. 201: "We ourselves are accustomed to observe certain days, as for example, the Lord's day."

Mosheim's Church History, Book 2, Century 4, Part 1, Chap. 1:8:

340 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"It is indeed true that Constantine's life was not such as the precepts of Christianity required; and it is also true that he remained a

catechumen (unbaptized Christian) all his life, and was received to full membership in the Church, by baptism at Nicomedia, only a few days before his d&ath."

Footnote 25: "Constantine, long before this time, A. D. 324, declared himself a Christian, and that he was acknowledged as such by

the churches is certain. It is also true, he had for a long time performed the religious acts of an unbaptized Christian, that is, a catechumen; for he attended the public worship, fasted, prayed, observed

the Christian Sabbath, and the anniversaries of the martyrs, and watched in the vigils of Easter."

From the foregoing excerpts, we learn that the first day of the week was observed as the Sabbath, Sunday, or the Lord's day, long before the birth of Emperor Constantine, even from the day of the resurrection of Christ; and from New Testament scriptures,

it is very clear that the first day was observed by the apostles, beginning with the day on which Jesus arose from the dead; and if

a correct translation of the scriptures had been made, there would have been no occasion or opportunity for a dispute about the matter.

New Testament references: Math. 28:1; Mark 16:2, 9; Luke

24:1; John 20:1, 19; Acts 20:7; I Corin. 16:2. In all of these

passages (eight in number) we find these words, "First day of the week."We also find that the word "day"in each and every

place is printed in italics. This indicates that the word "day"was

not in the original text, but is an interpolation, and the word in the original Greek, which was translated "Sabbaton,"(see Emphatic Diaglott) meaning Sabbath, and when the translators translated this word week, they were forced to put in the word "day"to make sense.

The following analysis of Math. 28:1 will cover each of the

eight references cited: "In the end of the Sabbath, as it began

to dawn toward the first day of the week."In the original Greek

this sentence is written, "Opse de sabbaton, te epiphoskouse eis mian sabbaton.""Late but of the Sabbath, it beginning to dawn

into the first of the week."

By what manner of reasoning King James'"wise men"could translate "Sabbaton,"Sabbath, in the first part of the sentence, and translate the same word, "week,"at the end, is beyond the power of theological students to comprehend or successfully explain

They all admit that the word, "Sabbaton,"means Sabbath, and also that in the Tyndale Bible, and the Lutheran German Bible, the word "Sabbaton"is rendered Sabbath at both the beinnin and end of the sentence.

What could Matthew have meant other than this: At the end

of the old Jewish Sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first of the Christian Sabbath.

THE SABBATH DAY 341 He no doubt understood that the Jewish or Mosaic Sabbath was at an end. Jesus had fulfilled the Law. "He had blotted out

the handwriting contained in ordinances,""old things had passed away, all things had become new."

From the brief record that is left in the New Testament there is no doubt that the first day was observed by the apostles and the primitive Church, from the very day of the resurrection of the

Savior and acknowledged by his own presence.

John 20:19: "Then the same day (day of the resurrection)

at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came

Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you."John 20:26: "And after eight days again his disciples were

within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors

being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you."

There is a difference of opinion as to the meaning of this verse, some holding that instead of it meaning on the eighth day, or the first day of the week having come again, it means the ninth day, alleging as it does after eight days.

In Matthew 27:63 and Mark 8:31, we find Jesus saying twice:

"After three days I will rise again."Did Jesus arise on the third

day? There is no dispute about this, "after three days"means the

third day including and counting from the first day. Therefore,

by the same rule, after eight days, means the eighth day counting from and including the first; or, on the first day of the following

week, the new or Christian Sabbath.

The day of pentecost came in the first day of the week. See

Lev. 23:15, 16:

"And we shall count unto you from the morrow after the Sabbath, from the day that you brought the sheaf of the wave offering; seven

Sabbaths shall be complete."

"Even unto the morrow after the seventh Sabbath shall ye number fifty days: and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the Lord."

Seven weeks from the Jewish Sabbath would be 49 days, and we have the Jewish Sabbath again. But it says, even unto the

morrow after the seventh Sabbath shall ye number fifty days.

This would certainly identify it as the new or Christian Sabbath.

There is another point here: See Acts 2:1-4. The God of

heaven appears to have honored that day:

1. "And when the day of pentecost was fully come, they were

all with one accord in one place.

2. "And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.

3. "And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and

it sat on each of them.

342 IMPROVEMENT ERA

4. "And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to

speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance."

1:4) Herein we find the promise that Jesus made (see Acts

was fulfilled. Jesus, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but

wait for the promise of the Father, which he saith ye heard of me.

(See John 14:1626, also 15:26.)

In Acts 13:42, we learn that the Christian Sabbath is recognized as a different day from the Jewish Sabbath. It reads, "And

when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue, the Gentiles besought that these words might be preached to them the next Sabbath."We find in this verse a marginal difference, which shows

it should read the Sabbath between. This could only refer to the

Christian Sabbath which followed, and therefore came between two Jewish Sabbaths.

In Col. 2:16, we find Paul, writing to the Saints at Colossia:

"Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the Sabbath days."

During Paul's ministry he was constantly annoyed by the

Jews insisting that the converted Gentiles should obey the Laws of Moses with regard to circumcision, but at Colossia they appear to have taken another tack and assailed the Christian Sabbath, insisting that the seventh day be observed. Paul dismissed

the question with the admonition, "Let no man judge you * * * in respect of the new moon, or of the Sabbath day."

There is no reasonable way of subverting the fact, as shown by the light of history, that the first day was adopted, beginning on the day of the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead.

There is a question which naturally arises: Why was the

first day adopted? Why was not the seventh continued?

To the "law and the testimony."The Bible answers this

question.

THE SEVENTH DAY SABBATH ITS BEGINNING AND ITS END

The first commandment that was given as to its observance is found in Exodus 20:8-11. This commandment was given to

Moses about 2,500 years from the date of the creation. We do

find in Genesis 2:2-3 the following

2. "And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had

made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he

had made. 3. "And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it; because

that in it he had rested."

But here is no commandment given to man to observe it.

Neither was Adam given one, nor Seth, Enos, Cainaan, Mahalaleel, Jared, Enoch, Methuselah, Lamech nor Noah, all good men, upright and true, who feared God and loved righteousness. Noah,'

THE SABBATH DAY 343

in all his preaching, has no words to say about the seventh or any

Sabbath day.

After the flood we find Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, to say nothing about Melchizedek, who was so great a high priest that the

Priesthood of the Son of God was named after him—have nothing

to say about the Sabbath day. Is it possible, if it was so important

to worship God on the seventh day, that for 2,500 years he left the children of men without that Law?

In Deuteronomy, (the recapitulation of the Law) we learn more fully why God gave it. See Deut. 5:2, 3, 12, 15.

2. "The Lord our God made a covenant with us in Horeb."

3. "The Lord made not his covenant with our fathers, but

with us, even us, who are all of us here alive this day."

12. "Keep the Sabbath day to sanctify it, as the Lord thy God

hath commanded thee."(See Exo. 28:8-11).

15. "And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of

Egypt, and that the Lord thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm: therefore the Lord thy

God commanded thee to keep the Sabbath day."

Hence, we learn to whom the Law was given, when, and the reason why.

It was given to the children of Israel, 1,490 B. C., or 2,510

after the creation. They were commanded to keep it because God,

"through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm"had brought them out of the land of Egypt.

This commandment to observe the Sabbath day was incorporated in the Law of Moses as was also the Sabbatic year and the fortyninth and the fiftieth year Sabbath.

Paul, in speaking of this law, says, (Gal. 3:24): "Wherefore

the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ."So when

Christ was come there was no need of the schoolmaster.

Jesus himself said, (Matt. 5:17): "Think not that I am

come to destroy the law, or the prophets; I am not come to destroy,

but to fulfil."

"To fulfil,"to complete. God made a covenant with Israel.

Jesus came to fulfil it. The covenant was the law of Moses, in

which was included the several Sabbatic periods aforementioned.

This law or covenant Jesus fulfilled, completed, ended. Not a

part of the law, but the whole law.

: "Having abolished in his flesh Paul declared, (Eph. 2:15)

the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances.."(Also Col. 2:14): "Blotting out the handwriting of

ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to the cross."

Thus was ended the law of Moses, the seventh day Sabbath, the seventh year Sabbath, the fortyninth year Sabbath, and the year of Jubilee.

344 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Therefore, upon the death of Jesus, there was no Sabbath

Law, it was fulfilled, ended, put out of the way, and nailed to the cross.

This being true, the apostles, recognizing that it was necessary that one day of the week be set apart as a day of rest and for the worship of God, did the most natural thing possible: adopted

the first day of the week; for, on this day, Jesus Christ, the Savior

of the world, arose from the dead. On this day Jesus broke the

bonds of death; and, for the reason that on the first day of the

creation the first thing that God did was to separate the light from the darkness, saying, "Let there be light, and there was light,"and Jesus was that light which came into the world that all who believed on him and obeyed should have everlasting life. Or, was

it for another and better reason? Jesus was with the apostles

forty days after his death and resurrection, teaching them all things. He had said, in his natural life, "The Son of Man is Lord

also of the Sabbath."It is, therefore, not unreasonable to suppose that Jesus himself inaugurated the observance of the first day

to supercede the old Mosaic Sabbath which had been ended, put out of the way, and nailed to the cross i

PORTLAND, OREGON

A Wise Old Man

"Wouldst thou have back thy youth again?"I asked an aged man.

"Couldst thou not grander ends attain, and better life's whole plan?"

."No, son,"he said; "I rest content and calmly wait the end.

One life alone to man is lent, to waste, or wisely spend.

"If, with the knowledge years bestow, we started in the race,

All plans might meet with overthrow and shame us with disgrace.

No combination man can make insures complete success;

The lucky winner takes the prize he won by random guess.

"I would not say chance rules below—all Nature shows design;

Life is not like the dice's throw—luck follows laws divine.

Some men are born to grace a throne, some to a leper's doom;

Yet equal light for both has shone their spirits to illume.

"My life has run through light and shade—the end is drawing near;

I long for rest, all undismayed, and ask not back one year.''

—Selected.

The Kindergarten and its Educational Value

BY MRS. IDA DUSENBERRY, OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

"Beware!"says Emerson, "when the great God lets loose a

thinker on this planet, then all things are at a risk."

A little over a century ago Immanuel Kant, a little old bachelor by whose punctual walk his neighbors set their watches, spent many hours during sleepless nights and anxious days troubling over theories with regard to the nature and source of human knowledge.

Today we live in a world where everything is affected by

Immanuel Kant's influence.

Perhaps his first and greatest disciple was his pupil Fichte, who, becoming enthusiastic over the spirit of his great teacher, created the national school system of Germany, and was a leading factor in establishing the solidarity of her political government.

Through the influence of Fichte's successors, came a modification in the religious domination of Germany, England, and

Rome.

Goethe and Schiller, impressed with its living truth, sings its rhythm in German literature. We follow it with Carlyle and

Coleridge, in English verse.

Through the music of Beethoven and Wagner it has lifted souls to greater heights and loftier aspirations, finally entering the realm of childhood and, using as its instrument the mind of Froebel, is influential in the infant schools of all civilized lands.

The above educational progression is recorded as following is present in thethe declaration by Immanuel Kant—that "Reason

subconscious activities of intelligence."

In every phase of Frederick Froebel's educational philosophy we can see the influence of this educational doctrine.

Impressed by the power of its purpose he proclaimed to promoters of child welfare that "Deep meaning oft lies hidden in childish play."

Froebel studied childhood and motherhood in their inmost union. He sought for the point of contact between the manifested needs of the one and the instructive efforts of the other.

This he found in the nursery rhymes, and the unrhymed games which have been nursery favorites for unknown ages.

The Mother Goose melodies give types of characters and situations found in higher literature.

Dr. Harris says, "The meager and abstract outline is given

346 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the nursery tale, and the deep comprehensive grasp of the situation with all of its motives is found in Shakespeare."

Take for instance something of the life of Solomon Grundy.

How does it compare with Shakespeare's "Seven Ages,""The three men of Gotham,"the oft repeated story of human disaster through rash adventure; "Little Boy Blue"—effects of slothful

neglect of duty, a cause for some of the world's greatest disasters?

"There was a man in our town, and he was wondrous wise. He

jumped into a bramble bush and scratched out both his eyes. And

when he saw his eyes were out, with all his might and main, he jumped into another bush and scratched them in again."

record of the deed saves the doer. In our every Lesson—the

day walks in life how often we meet "Jack Horner,"reaping the advantages of deeds not his own, and pluming himself on their fancied achievements.

And here comes the old woman who couldn't keep quiet on victuals and drink. Can you read in that life the yearning of a

soul which may not dare to live on bread alone?

Examine the rational content of the old nursery rhymes and you will not be surprised that they have endured the test of time, and merit the name of genuine literature.

If mothers understood what comprised true story content, and would select children's books accordingly, there would not be so many children with a destroyed and perverted literary sense.

Even simpler than the rhymes which furnish types of character and situations, are the nursery plays. Games like "Knock

at the door, peep in,""The little pigs that went to market,"or "Pulling baby's nose,"and showing it with the thumb between two fingers, are attempts to call attention to the different parts of the body and give some idea of their unity.

"Bye, Baby Bunting,""Father's a Nobleman, Mother's a

Queen,"interpret to the heart of the child his own love for father and mother and their love and care for him.

"Pat a Cake,""The Miller of Dee,""Here I Bake and here I

Brew,"are crude pictures of the busy world of labor.

"The Church and the Steeple"responds to the wonder of church bells and the people all hurrying to worship.

Such games as "Hide and Seek"satisfy the craving for recognition. Miss Susan Blow and others have figured out long

lists of rhymes, games and stories explaining their lasting moral content in such a clear, simple way that it would be well for every mother to become familiar with their interpretation.

Considering the above mentioned plays, with many others, we have before us the reasons from which Froebel drew the material for his "Mother Play"book.

It was after many years of close observation that Froebel decided mothers should be made conscious of the underlying prin347 THE KINDERGARTEN

ciples of the life they were unsystematically but instinctively nurturing unobserved. He was an interested spectator at many little

loveinspired dramas between mother and child.

Finding the same universal, instinctive tendency, even among mothers of different nationalities, he knew there was an underlying philosophical truth, a knowledge of which would be of great educational value to the world. As a result of this investigation

and persistent, intelligent study we have his "Mother Play"book.

In it he has attempted to preserve what was good and omit what was bad in the instinctive plays of motherhood, at the same time trying to present a series of games wherein each is organically related to all the others, and by means of dramatic representation, poetry and music, to win for the ideals embodied in these games a controlling power over the imagination.

Froebel said, "The aim of education is a correspondence between the individual and his spiritual environment, and to fit him for participation in the universal life."

It was because simple mother wit had tried, however blindly, to accomplish these purposes that Froebel was able to learn from mothers how to educate the child. He has aimed to lift their instinctive procedure into the light of clear consciousness that they

in turn may be directed by the use of their reasoning faculties instead of continuing to blindly follow their inherent tendencies.

He says in his chapter on the weather vane, "What adult deed is there that children will not at once imitate? Therefore, be careful, you grownup people, what you do in the presence of little

ones."Continuing, he claims "the tendency to imitate in children

should be most carefully cultivated. Such culture will lighten by

onehalf, the work of education. The mother who utilizes imitation at the proper stage of development will accomplish by a touch,

light as a feather, what later she could hardly do with a hundred weight of words.""If thy child is to apprehend another's deed,

then he must'repeat that deed."

During the last few years the attention of psychologists has been directed with increasing interest to the study of the nature and scope of imitative activity.

Prof. James says, "In young children this instinct often

knows no bounds. For a few months in one of my children's

third year, he literally hardly ever appeared in his own person.

reply, If you called him by his name H, you invariably got the, I'm a hyena,"or "horse car,"or whatever the"I'm not H feigned object might be.

It is an odd fact that all of us come by our own developed personal selfconsciousness, through very decidedly imitative processes.

For the child to be his real self is to him the same as being no body, but to be a horse, soldier, hero of a favorite story, or 348 IMPROVEMENT ERA

perhaps a fairy, that is to be some body. His interest is centered

on some fascinating object from without, and his one thought is to make this over.into his own definite comprehension, through

imitative personification.

One of the most realistic performances I ever witnessed, was a recent imaginative encounter with Lopez in the Apex mine.

The scene of attack was under a back porch. The participants

were officers who ranged in age from three to six, in cowboy and

Indian suits; fully armed with sticks for swords and guns, they

crouched down with all the anticipation of a real and fierce encounter.

less than the child's personWe must realize that nothing ality is at stake in the method and matter of his imitations. "For

the self,"says Baldwin, "is but the form or process in which the influences surrounding the child take on their new individuality."Educators claim it is inevitable that the child make up

his personality, under limitations of heredity, by imitation, out of the copy set in the actions, temper, and emotions of the persons who build around him the social inclosure of his childhood. In

other words, the child creates himself by reproducing his environment within himself.

If we believe the statements of Prof. James Baldwin, Dr.

Royce, and other great psychologists pertaining to this subject, our conclusion must be that imitation is the true point of departure, both for educational psychology and from the wise nurture of childhood.

From this, then, we find the plain duty of parent and teacher is to protect the child from bad models, and to supply him with good ones.

We should observe with care what special objects and actions are most frequently imitated, for in such imitations the child reveals the native bias of his temperament; he indicates the line of

his possibilities and suggests the dangers to which he is prone.

They should divert attention from persons or things which monopolize imagination and threaten to derange the balance of character.

Froebel says, "Divine energy must be communicated to each individual by the association of his fellow man; also through the

realizat:on or significance of the world of nature, as these things

bring to light the knowledge T just as that T grows into the image of God."

Froebel's "Mother's Play"book has long been recognized by his students, disciples, and admirers, but unfortunately for the cause of child study, it is written in such a manner that the beauty of its themes and the underlying life principles it portrays, is to the majority of readers but mystical illusions and ofttimes, misunderstood sentimental expressions.

THE KINDERGARTEN 3+9

Studied from a spirit of Divine love and a comprehensive understanding of the psycholog: cal development of child growth,

the "Mother's Play"book for child and mother in this line of work stands today among the best and most profitable literature.

After being fifteen years a student and teacher of Froebel's child study book, my students have reached many hundreds, and from that number the expression has always been "Certainly, it is one of the truly great, beneficial, and cultural influences of my life."

In justice to the present needs of child life and to the generations yet to come, there is a crying need, both in our colleges and church organizations, for more instruction that will make for efficient motherhood.

The infant is plastic and versatile and, unlike the animal, is not the prisoner of the past; but he is the prophet of the

future; and only in proportion to the intelligence through which

we seek and get Divine help, can we hope to lead and guide him into the light that leads to eternal growth and blessedness.

PROVO, UTAH

Father's Sweetheart

(A Mother's-Day Poem)

I My father had a sweetheart in the days of long ago,

A pure and hopeful maiden, her soul with love aglow;

And father wooed and won her because he loved her so,

And she became my mother, my good angel here below.

REFRAIN

I'm in love with father's sweetheart, she's the dearest girl I know;

My guiding angel she will be, no matter where I go;

Though I'm saddened by misfortune, or though life goes like a song,

I know that father's sweetheart's prayers, will help to make me strong.

I know she'll always love me, no matter what my part;

God help me to be worthy of father's old sweetheart.

II

tell; Why father loved his sweetheart is to me not hard to

No one could help but love her who knew her very well;

She is so kind and patient, so full of hope and joy,

Her love makes me rejoice to be my father's sweetheart's boy.

Ill My father and his sweetheart now are getting old and gray;

The charms of youthful splendor are fading fast away;

Yet, now their souls are sweeter than e'er they were before, all the more. And father's sweetheart's grayness makes me love her

A. Ira Cox Tree Sap in Winter Time

BY DELBERT W. PARRATT

Thad's big brother is named Vaughn Wisemar. Yesterday

he had occasion to spend a few minutes in Thad's room at school.

Just at the close of the reading recitation the principal of the school came in and called attention to the barren trees standing outside near the windows. The trees, against the white snow, appeared

almost black; they were leafless and to all indications were totally

dead. "Now, boys and girls,"smilingly asked the principal, "where is the sap of those trees during this time of the year?"

As quick as a flash, nearly all the pupils were ready with an answer. What do you think they said? Everybody gave the

all the sap goes to the roots in the winter andsame reply—that

stays there till spring.

"Are you sure that all the sap of the entire trees is now in their roots?"responded the principal.

TREE SAP IN WINTER TIME 351

"Yes, sir,"came the reply, unhesitatingly from the whole class.

No expression whatever of satisfaction or disappointment could be seen in the principal's countenance, as he said, "Thank you; that will do,"and left the room.

Mr. Wisemar felt quite sure the teacher of the boys and girls

was delighted with the hearty response on the part of her pupils.

He knew he was well pleased with the way in which Thad and the other little folks answered.

The incident was apparently forgotten when all the room delved into fractionproblems for the arithmetic lesson. But the

principal didn't forget it. In a few minutes a shy little girl tiptoed into the room with a sheet of paper for the teacher.

The arithmetic lesson was soon over, and then the lady in charge reminded the boys and girls that a number of trees were then being cut down, near the school building. She asked her

pupils to examine the exposed ends for sap. Could someone bring

a crosssection of one of the trees to school? Two or three volunteered to do so. Could somebody else dig up a goodsized root

and bring a pieces of it to school also? Others agreed to do this.

"I suppose,"said the good teacher, "you are wondering what these are for. Well, Principal Looksum has just sent us some

questions to answer for nature study this week. Here are the

questions

1. What does tree sap look like?

2. Whe're does it come from and of what is it made?.

3. Is there more sap in the tree trunk now than there is in the

summer, or is there less, or is there about the same?

4. Then is the sap stored in the trunk in the winter time? Whydo you think so?

5. If all the sap of the entire tree is in the roots, in the winter,

would they now be inflated with sap? Why? Examine a root to see

if you are right.

6. Does the root have more sap in it now than it has in the summer, or has it less, or has it about the same?

7. Then where is the sap in the winter time?

These questions seemed to electrify the whole class. The pupils could hardly wait to examine winter trunks and roots, in

search of sap. Some showed doubt about their first "positive

answer"regarding the sap, and wanted to satisfy themselves on the point.

Vaughn Wisemar began to feel about as they did. On leaving the school he made for one of the cutdown trees. He examined for sap, and to his surprise found that, the tree contained just

about the same amount now that it did in summer. Like the pupils, he supposed it was in the roots and therefore expected to

find the trunk pretty dry. But not so, there was the sap, and lots

352 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of it, perhaps not quite so much as in the summer time, but not far from it.

This aroused his curiosity still further, so, upon reaching home he dug up a tree root about as big around as a broom stick.

With a pocket knife he made a clean cut through it and examined again for sap. Once more he met with a surprise, for instead of

the root being inflated it had perhaps less than the ordinary amount in it.

These simple observations readily convinced him that he and also all the pupils in the schoolroom were mistaken, for anyone who would take the trouble to look could easily see that the whole amount of a tree's sap is not stored in the roots for the winter, but that most of it remains right in the branches, in the trunk, and in the roots just as in the summer. Some, however, may have evaporated and thus escaped into the air, leaving, very likely, a little

less in branches, trunk, and roots than in the warm, growing seasons.

Regarding the color of sap, Mr. Wisemar soon learned that,

in the main, it is colorless, like water, but when some kinds are exposed to the air they change to different tints and colors. The

sap from a black walnut tree is a glaring example of this.

Tree sap is composed mostly of water with a little mineral salts, some sugar, and other plant food carried in solution. All

the water of the sap, together with the mineral salts, are taken from the ground, and get into the tree through the tip ends of the roots. This may not surprise you, but it did Thad's big brother,

for he had been led to believe that much of the water in a tree was absorbed through the leaves during rainy weather. Considerable of the water parses out from the tree through the leaves, but

it all gets into the tree through the root tips.

Mr. Wisemar learned something by being in school only a

short time, and he is now satisfied the boys and girls of that room:ire no longer sure that all the sap of the entire tree sinks down

into the roots, where it is stored during the cold winter months awaiting the warm days of spring to draw it once more up into the trunk and branches. At any rate, he knows one pupil whose

ideas on the subject have undergone considerable change since the question was sprung yesterday morning. He became certain

of this when Thad reached home from school this afternoon.

Some Problems of the War

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER

That men should speculate about the outcome of the present war is the most natural thing in the world. Never did a war

entail so much suffering on innocent people. Never were the dire

consequences of a struggle of arms so universally felt as those which the world is now experiencing through the great European war. When will it end? How will it end? Who will win?

These are pertinent questions that people are asking themselves or asking one another.

As the war stands, at present, no one can very easily figure out the advantages of one side over another. This is sometimes

called the war of the trenches. If the armies must burrow one

another out, the process will be very slow. Both sides have

learned that an aggressive movement either waymeans a terrible sacrifice of men, and when men are sacrificed to take one trench, a little way beyond it other trenches are found filled with men. No one knows just how many men who enter the defensive

under such conditions are required to withstand aggressive attacks. Some say that one man in a trench is good for two out

of it, others say for three. Certain it is that those on the defensive are capable of holding in check an army very much

larger than its own. At present it does not seem possible for the

Germans to make any further advancement toward Paris or toward Calais. They are practically blocked; and since they have

begun to call out "Landsturm,"it would seem that they are approaching the end of their really effective supplies. True, England and Russia have greater sources from which to draw than

Germany or Austria, but are these countries ready to sacrifice from two to three men for one? Can they afford to do it? The

Allies can put more men on the defensive than the Germans, so that there is no means of calculating a success on the part of

Germany, even if there were no advantage of being on the defensive. The question then resolves itself into this: Can Germany withstand the Allies?

In the first place, Germany is fighting the Allies for the it is possible that themost part in their own countries, and while

Allies may crowd Germany back within its own empire, the fiercest struggle would be yet to come. The Germans in Germany

can put up a more effective -defense than they can in France or

Russia. Take, for example, the western frontier of Germany.

The whole country consists of rolling hills. It is covered by im354 IMPROVEMENT ERA

niense forests which are penetrated and crossed by roads that the Germans have built, not only for securing timbers and for public convenience and railroads, but in them they have certain military purposes. Undoubtedly these roads are either mined or

in a position to be mined immediately. Over them the armies

They must make theirof the Allies could not very'well go.

tree,way through the forests. A German soldier behind a

knowing all the ground minutely, should be good for three or four allied soldiers who have to make their way through the forests. Rushing the enemies'line under such circumstances

is well nigh impossible. We may then say, in conclusion on the

subject, that even should the Allies push the Germans back into their own country, their greatest problem is yet to be solved. On the east, the German line of defense is not so favorable to the empire. In the first place, it is a long line. In the

second place, the Germans have depended on the rivers; and in

the third place, the Germans have not calculated on Russia in anything more than a near defensive war. Of course, Germany

would go to the outskirts of Poland, on the east, if she could. To

penetrate Russia is not, and never has been, the design of German tacticians. On the other hand, it may be assumed reasonably that it will cost Russia two lives for every German soldier

killed, in an effort of Russia to penetrate the heart of Germany.

It must still further be remembered that Germany has a complete net work of socalled strategic railways on her eastern frontier, and that by means of these railways Germany can mass large armies in a marvelously short time. The strategy of

German railroads makes one German soldier practically nearly the equal of two Russian soldiers.

The numbers in the present struggle are too evenly divided to bring the end of the struggle within perceptible reach. If Russia

could force the Germans back a hundred miles within East Prussia, the possibility of strangling the German empire for want of supplies would be within sight. As Germany stands today, with

Belgium at her command, and in her possession, and all of East

Prussia including a part of Russian Poland, she is in a position to support for a number of years her large population, even with her commerce in the world shut off. With the empire, it is no

longer a question of commercial development; it is merely a

process of existence. If Austria could be finally overthrown, and

the Allies'armies permitted to enter Germany from the southeast, the problem would be much simpler. The easiest road to

Berlin is probably by way of Cracow. As the matter stands today, Austria would be in the rear and the Carpathian mountains

a splendid support to an Austrian army.

If other nations are not drawn into the war, it looks as if the game must be a draw. While one party may feel exhausted

SOME PROBLEMS OF THE WAR 355

before the other, there is a great difference between exhaustion and surrender. Then there may be revolutions to overthrow

certain existing monarchies, and the people themselves may demand a cessation of the awful slaughter of human life.

In the solution of the great European problem, there is an is the entrance of other nationsimportant factor required—that

into the war. It is conceivable that Rumania might be sufficient to make the results decisive, though they would not be

very prompt, with Rumania counted in. If to the support of

the Allies there were not only added Rumania, but Italy, it is easy to figure out the end of the war and the manner of its termination.

The Campaign For Funds At a recent meeting of the General Board, Y. M.

M. I., two changes were made in the method of collecting

the General Fund.

First. The Fund is to be based on the active roll

and not on the permanent roll, as heretofore.

Second. A roll of honor will be established with the

ward as a unit, as well as the stake;—100% meanig 25c

from each member on the active roll. Also a roll of honor

will be established for active membership, based on 12 per cent of the Church population.

Based on the active roll of last year, stake and ward officers will know the proportion due from each ward.

Your active enrollment has no doubt increased, but on receipt of 25c from each active member, on record, last year it will be a delight to list your stake and the wards entitled to such recognition on the roll of honor for 1915. In making remittances, report the amount to be

credited to each ward.

Let us place all of your wards as well as your stake on this roll. Mutual Improvement work is growing.. Let, We must have the Sinews us rally at once to this call. handicapped. seriously will be plans "or our of War of getting at a matter it is just cases, all In nearly

it and finishing it. Forward your remittances at once to will come contributed dollar office. Every general the efmore greater and you by giving in "dividends"back

ficient service..

With every good wish, 1 am, Your brother, Heber J. Grant,

I. A. Assistant General Superintendent, Y. M. M.

Time's holy gift Again, New Year!

The bells of ages Ring for cheer.

see him go The Old Year—didsl thou

With kinglike tread, with crown of snow?

Still true of heart, He called farewell His voice was lost By that great bell Whose echo from the sky was hurled,

To thrill the great, expectant world.

thou the prayer O Father—God—hear

Of hearts that earthwide wail; break—great

Let not thy benediction fail For those bowed low in dire despair;

For those who this dread day must live

To die, or life for sacrifice to give;

To die, lest honor shall be stained

To die that faith shall be maintained

To give the lives whose sacred worth

Is not elsewhere in all the earth!

Provo, 1914. ARETTA YOUNG.

Editors'Table

Walk in the Light

"He that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin."

Hence, when we know what is right, when we are in the midst of the light, it is a duty to walk in that light as the Savior did, that we may have fellowship with each other and fellowship with our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, so that his blood may cleanse us from all sin. Prayer, as we have learned, is a duty

imposed upon all. It is more than a duty; it is a pleasurable

way to God, through his Son Jesus Christ. The hearts of all

should be softened to pray to God. Prayer is a requirement of the

great gospel of life and salvation. Spiritual salvation? Not only

spiritual but temporal. There is joy and satisfaction to the contrite heart and the humble soul who invokes the blessings of the

living God. It is a joy which surpasses the comforts and joys

of temporal things. It creates a something in one's soul that lifts

up, makes better, comforts and softens the heart. It gives conviction of the truth, and creates in men a desire to walk in the

light and in the truth t and to shun the very appearance of sin.

These are some of the spiritual blessings that come through prayer.

Temporal blessings will not produce these feelings. Men, on the

contrary, are sometimes so absorbed in the temporal blessings of life that they forget the Giver of these spiritual gifts.

Let us bear in mind that the earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof. There is nothing in and of the earth which he has not

created, nothing that he has not made and ordained, nothing that is not his by right divine. We are permitted to use the materials

of the earth, which he has given us, freely for this purpose, but we are to be wise in the use of them and not covetous. We are

not to grasp at more than will be for our good, thus hindering others from receiving their share of the benefits of God's providence and love. The Lord gives us all that we need in this life,

and confers these blessings upon us that we may share them with the good and with those who are not good, with the just and with the unjust. He allows his sun to shine upon the good and upon

the evil, and sends his rains upon the just and the unjust. He

rewards the labor of men according to their industry and perseverance, and fidelity in their labor. The Lord bestows upon us great

temporal blessings, comfortable homes, food, raiment, lands, cattle, sheep, horses, carriages, automobiles, railroads and steamships,

358 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and all those great facilities for comfort and travel that have been developed in the day in which we live. He has given us the telegraph and the telephone, wireless communication through the

ether with which God has filled his immensity of what is called space. The Lord has permitted us to share and enjoy all these

privileges and blessings. He has given to some more abundantly

of these temporal blessings than to others. Some in fact have

received so much by their industry, and by their covetousness, perhaps, and by their determination to gather to themselves the temporalities of life, that they have forgotten God altogether and are like the rich man of whom we read in the Good Book who said "What shall I do, because I have no room where to bestow my fruits? And he said, This will I do: I will pull down my barns,

and build greater: and there will I bestow all my fruits and my

goods. And I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast much goods

laid up for many years; take thine ease, eat, drink and be merry.

But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou

hast provided?"

When men become wicked, corrupt, overbearing and oppressive, the Lord suffers them to go to war with each other and to destroy each other until they shall fill the cup of their iniquity, or until they shall be required to pay the uttermost penalties of their crimes. They shall come before the just Judge and be rewarded for their works; every man, whether he be good or evil,

king or emperor, president or statesman, or ruler. Whoever he

may be, he is but the child of God, and 'will pass to the great judgment in the end, to receive the punishment or the reward that he merits. This is God's justice, judgment and righteousness.

I love his gospel because he is just and will judge all men according to their works, whether they be good or whether they be evil.

Prayer opens the way between man and God so that man may keep in harmony with the Spirit of God and do all things in conformity with its promptings, and so walk in the light which leads from sin to the righteousness of life everlasting.

Joseph F. Smith.

The Man Behind the Czar How the late edict of the Czar of Russia crushed the vodka evil with one blow was told in the December number of the Era.

Now comes a correspondent of the Era, who writes from London, giving some light on the man behind the Czar, and how he really did the work. Our correspondent, Christian Richardson, calls

attention to the fact that "much has been said of the Czar's historic deed—making the empire sober with a stroke of his pen,"

Then he continues EDITORS'TABLE 359

"Less is known, naturally, of the man behind the Czar.

Mikail Demitrovich Chelinshev was born fifty years ago in a little village in the Volga district where there was neither hospital nor school. What education he got as a boy he picked up

from stray papers and books. Something of his natural mental

calibre may be judged from the fact that in a few years the poor peasant boy had developed into a great railway contractor and wealthy land owner.

"One day he chanced on a book that spoke of vodka, the national beverage, as a poison. He took it to the first doctor

he knew and the doctor assured him it was true. From that day

he worked to learn all about the effects of vodka on the human system. That was seven years ago. Later he was elected Mayor

of Samara, the leading port on the Volga, and decided that holding such an office he could do more than merely passively disapprove, and not long afterwards he was actually elected to the Duma on a prohibition platform.

"His first work in the Duma was a bill to give local option to every town and village, and another to compel the labelling of every bottle of vodka with the word 'poison.'

"The bill passed the Duma but was amended out of recognition in the Imperial Council and then tabled. Nothing daunted

M. Chelinshev sought an audience with the Czar.

"His Majesty listened patiently, and promised at once to speak to the Minister of Finance on the subject. The Minister, M.

Kokovsoff, represented to His Majesty that to deprive the government of 1,000,000,000 roubles, $500,000,000 a year, the taxes from vodka, was a dangerous innovation when there was no way of replacing it.

"The emperor visited the country about Moscow, saw for himself the wreck wrought by the stuff that his finance minister said could not be done without, dismissed M. Kokovsoff and appointed M. Bark in his place.

"Then unexpectedly to any one, the war was sprung. The

Grand Duke at the head of the army, remembered the scenes at the mobilization of 1904, and ordered all vodka shops closed for a all alcoholic drinks, except in clubs and firstmonth—prohibiting

class restaurants.

"The results of this first month of prohibition were amazing.

In spite of the general depression, the paralysis of business, the closing of factories, and the general disruption of railways, the people felt no privation. Savings banks deposits showed an increase over the previous month, and over the corresponding month

of 1913. More than that, there was a boom in the sale of clothing, dry goods, house furnishings, groceries and meats. The

30,000.000 roubles a day heretofore flung into the tills of the

vodka shops were circulating in practically every other business.

360 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Then, too, the working week increased from three or four days to six. No time was required for sobering up. Also the

workmen were more efficient, twice as good as when daily under isvodka. And, perhaps best of all, the women began to rejoice. It

it is chiefly the men. Andnot the women who drink in Russia,

with the men earning double the usual amount, bringing it all home, and being always pleasant instead of stupid or quarrelsome the women began to say it was like being in heaven.

"This occasion M. Chelinshev seized for a press campaign.

Also, he organized delegations to present petitions to the proper authorities urging that the month's prohibition be prolonged during the war.

"This His Majesty agreed to, and issued the necessary order.

Further work on the part of M. Chelinshev secured the removing

of the licenses from clubs and privileged restaurants, and the second month saw prohibition of vodka complete throughout the empire. "Filled with gratitude to the Emperor, a temperance deputation then called upon His Majesty to thank him for the reform, and the deputation got the further assurance from His Majesty that never again would the government engage in the vodka business.

And that promise he at once made public in a telegram to the

Grand Duke Constantine.

"And what of the revenue? Is Russia going to be able to pay

her national bills without the $500,000,000 revenue from vodka?

It seems so; and without any drastic.new taxation either. Already

a bill has been introduced to supply the deficiency, not even by an increase in present taxes but, through arrangements by which the government domains and possessions may be rendered more productive."

Messages from the Missions Elder Wm. W. Seare, Bradford, England, November 20: "A few

words respecting the parents'class work in this part of the world.

One of the surest and greatest aids we enjoy in the promulgation of the gospel is the addition of a fully organized parents'class in the

Bradford branch of the Leeds Conference. It was organized October,

1913, through the efforts of Elders Melvin J. Benson, Irvin S. Noall,

Charles L. Porter, and Wm. W. Seare. Having been associated directly with the class, I can truthfully testify that after a year's trial

all the members recognize it is a Godsend to them. The subjects

presented are in harmony with the outlines found in the 'Juvenile Instructor.'Our efforts have been centered upon the overthrow of the

monster mockmodesty, by implanting plain truths of great value in its place. The labor has been tedious, and much opposition has confronted our efforts, but today we rejoice in saying that truth has

prevailed. Many mothers are rejoicing because of the enlightenment

they have received through their parents'class, and fathers are proud to know they have discovered a way to be boys with their boys. Between 150 and 200 children in this part of the vineyard are receiving

truths concerning themselves, due to the recognition of the counsels of God by true fathers and mothers who have delighted in parents'class work and teachings. The class in Bardford is the first to be established

in the British Isles. The average attendance is about seventy. We

meet for our lesson work every Sunday afternoon at the present time.

Elders W. W. Seare and Alfred E. Higgins are the class teachers. We

look upon the parents'class of the Bradford branch as being second to none, as every enrolled member is actively engaged in dealing a deathblow to the prevailing ignorance of sexual problems. We extend

our best wishes and desires for the success of those connected with this great Godordained movement. In tracting, we find much success in

introducing the work and purposes of the parents'class to the people."

Elders left to right: Benson, Noall, Porter, Higgins and Seare.

Elder F. J. Foulger, Auckland, New Zealand, November

11: "The picture represents the

staff of the 'Messenger'of the

New Zealand Mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints: Standing, D. G.

Seegmiller, Orderville; F. J.

Foulger, editor of the 'Messenger,'Ogden; sitting: R. J.

Kingston, Ogden; G. A. Chadwick, editor of 'Te Karere,'

Park Valley, Utah. We are all

enjoying our labors and feel that the Lord is blessing our efforts, because our work is advancing.

With best wishes for the success of the Improvement Era, we remain, your brethren in the work of the Lord."

Otis E. Rogers, Natchez,

Mississippi: "The Missionary

work in this district is progressing favorably and the elders are enthusiastic in their work feeling that the hand of the Lord is with them in what they are doing. They are called to be messengers of

truth to the people whose hearts the Spirit of the Lord has softened so that in our work there is a marked advancement over last year.

Elders of the Mississippi Conference, from left to right, standing:

Eureka, Irvin L. Whatcott, Kanosh, Joseph Enckson,Wm H. Jones,

ELDERS AT NATCHES, MISS.

Springville, Utah; John R. Brown, Preston, Idaho; Henry M. Jones,

Enoch, Calvin Memmott, Scipio, Utah; Chas. E. Campbell, Ozone.

Idaho, fitting: Richard Tullis, Pinto, Wilford B. Haws, Provo, H.

L. Buttars, Clarkston, Utah; Conference Pres. Otis E. Rogers, Jr.,

Mesa, Arizona; Carlos S. Higgins, Dempsy, James L. Walker, Iona,

Idaho; David R. LeBaron, Santaquin, Utah; Wallace Ellsworth, Show

Low, Arizona; Front Row: C. E. Chatelain, Ogden, Albertus Dalton,

Moab, R. S. Hughes, Spanish Fork, Utah."

Elder Stephen R. Paskett, Nottingham, England, December 8,

1914: "During the spring and summer of this year we received considerable attention by ministers of the different sects who slandered

us to a great extent. Meetings were held by them in which the people

were warned against 'Mormonism.'They told the people that our

gospel tracts were Biblical, but that our real motive in this country was to. entice young women to Utah. Pictures were printed of the

vilest type and unreasonable and revolting stories were told about us. A committee was organized to expel us from the

town but we have continued to labor without hearing from them, because our cause is just and true and our labors are for the good of the people. The

more persecution we receiver! in

that way the greater success \\;

had in our tracting. People who

had heard little or nothing of us were anxious to learn what we taught that had caused so much excitement, and when they read our tracts and pamphlets, and heard the principles of the gospel explained in their true light they received our message and recognized it as the gospel which Christ taught.

EDITORS'TABLE 363

The people in this way became interested and their prejudices have died away to some extent. We have made friends with several of the

leading citizens of the town and can say that it is a pleasure to know that while so many of the men of the world are being called to fight to defend their kings and countries, we continue the soldiers of

Christ fighting for the cause of truth and the downfall of evil. We

are protected by truth and righteousness, the armor of the Lord, and we have peace and faith in our King Jesus Christ. Our branch is

prospering. Elders, Saints and friends are united in trying to make

the work a success, which is very encouraging to us. Aaron T. Pingree, Ogden; Stephen H. Paskett, GrouseCreek, Utah."

Elder W. N. Leavitt, Auckland, Xew Zealand: "These elders are

laboring in the south islands of New Zealand, and the photo was taken at Christchurch, Canterbury, recently. The address of the elders'

headquarters has been changed from Christchurch to Box 72, Auckland, New Zealand. Elders Bellows and Jackson have been visiting with

us for a few days and we enjoyed their stay very much. They have been

laboring in a district chiefly composed of Englishspeaking Maoris, while our labors have been among the Europeans exclusively. The

elders in Canterbury have not succeeded in increasing the numbers in the Church in the past year, but have secured a number of friends who, previous to our visit to them, were not informed about the Latter-day Saints except through misrepresentations. We wish the Era

every success possible, and read it with great interest. Elders left to

right: J. A. Bellows, Spanish Fork; Francis Henrie, Panguitch; sitting: Ren Jackson, Logan, Utah; Wm. N. Leavitt, Bunkerville, Nevada, president of the Canterbury Conference; W. N. Adams, Bunkerville, Nevada."

Elder Russell Titensor, Hobart, Tasmania, writes: "Although lack

of rain, and the war, have caused some hindrance to the work of the

Lord in this district, the elders are still working with great interest for the advancement of the truth. On October 18 last, we held our annual

conference in Victoria hall. President Don C. Rushton and wife were

in attendance. We held two meetings and received much encouragement and many good instructions from President Rushton. Both Saints

and friends enjoy the Era greatly. It is a big help in our missionary

all nawork in preaching the gospel which is to be preached among the way for the elders throughtions. We pray that the Lord will open

364 IMPROVEMENT ERA

out the world, so that the truth may be established. Elders left to

right, standing: Carl L. Johnson, Frankburg, Alta, Canada; Frank

lin E. Weaver, Bennington, Idaho; Russell Titensor, Bedford, Wyoming, who was sustained as conference president in October; Charles

R. Turner, Hobart, Tasmania; sitting: Thomas A. Longey, Tooele;

Don C. Rushton, Mission President, Salt Lake City; Sister Rushton, his

wife; Edward F. Clark, acting confe rence president, Farmington,

Utah."Elders and lady missionaries of the East Pennsylvania conference. Top row, left to

right: B. Frank Bertcher, Salt Lake City,

Utah; Walter E. Dye,

conference president, Firth, Idaho; Leonard

Madsen, Provo, Utah;

second row: Quimby

Roundy, Alton; Walter

P. Monson, mission

president, Ogden; Eugene Hilton, retired

conference president, Hinckley; Percival P.

Bigelow, Provo; first

circle, Leslie Tidwell, Smithfield, Utah; Ruth

M. Savage, Woodruff,

Arizona; Viola C.

Peterson, Samaria, Idaho; lower circle: Hyrum W. Stevens. Mt.

Carmel; Edmund Sperry, Salt Lake City;

Samuel Hadley Jr., Ogden, Utah; Grover N.'

Arrington, Twin Falls;

Lorenzo H. Hatch,

Franklin Idaho.

Priesthood Quorums'Table

Suggestive Lesson Outlines for the Deacons

In the January Era, the plan for conducting the lessons emphasized thinking on the part of the boy. In the present issue, the

emphasis is placed on coupling the truths learned with practice, in other words, forming habits in connection with the ideas acquired. The

physical basis for habit is the plasticity of the nervous system. Because of that property of the nerves, when an act, in accordance with

an idea, is performed, the part of the body concerned adapts itself to the act. Then there is a tendency to perform the act again and again.

For example, a boy by repetition of acts acquires a liking for wholesome food and drink, or for unwholesome food and drink, as the case may be. There is a desire in either case which influences conduct and

which urges the boy to seek the company where either the wholesome or the unwholesome foods can be secured. That is also true in matters

spiritual.

The deacons are just beginning to form habits that pertain to the

Holy Priesthood. In natural disposition of mind they are most

adaptable to habits in harmony with the priesthood, in the deacon period of their lives. No service of more importance can be rendered to the

Church than to help the deacons to acquire gospel ideas and work them out into habits.

To this end we recommend that each instructor give such time as is needed during the week to keep in touch with boys who are careless in respect to the callings of their office; and, at the recitation

period, make inquiry as to whether they are performing their allotted ward service. In adidtion to the truths learned from the lessons, section 4 contains other goals to strive for. Verses 4146 of section 121

tell how to do it.

Lesson 5 (Text The Latterday Prophet, Chapter 5)

Problem: We have learned how Joseph the Prophet discovered

the ancient records, now we are to learn what the Angel Moroni required of him in return for the possession of the sacred treasure.

Study the chapter. As each paragraph is read or reported on, ask

questions that will bring out the bearing of the paragraph on the problem of the lesson. These outlines are suggestive only on one

. problem, which may occupy the whole recitation period.

Get the answer to the problem of the lesson. Show that the

principle involved is a common, fundamental principle. For example,

the state pays nearly $39 in each of your school years for your education What does it expect of you in return? Name some things

your parents have done for you. What do they expect in return? of Morthe Book of contents the to possess privilege the haveYou the you have Also return? in of you will be expected what mon;

Aaronic Priesthood conferred upon you; what will the Lord expect

of you in return? How does these instances agree with the Saviors

is required? statement, "where much is given much

Lesson 6 (Chapter VI) Problem. Through what means and by whom was Joseph Smith

taught to translate the ancient record into English.

Study the chapter. (See lessson five).

366 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Find the answer to the problem of the lesson. Contrast the way

in which the Prophet was taught to translate ancient languages into

English, with the way of learned men. Which do you think is the

more reliable? Give instances where the Lord's power has translated

unknown spoken languages.

Lesson 7 (Chapter VII) Problem: What did Joseph Smith do in connection with thfi

translation of the Book of Mormon, by which he learned that to displease the Lord brings sorrow? How did he gain forgiveness?

Study the chapter. (See lesson five). Read chapter 25, History

of the Prophet Joseph, by Lucy Smith.

Answer the problem of the lesson.

Name some acts of the boys of your ward that you think are displeasing before the Lord. Compare them in principle with what the

Prophet did in this instance. What blessings do the boys have which

they may be deprived of, if they do not repent? What does the Lord

expect of us when we displease him?

Lesson 8 (Chapter VIII) Problem: In a former lesson we have seen how the Prophet

Joseph obtained a knowledge of the existence of God our Eternal

Father and his Son Jesus Christ. Relate the event. This gives us

evidence for our faith in them. Now let us inquire as to how he came

to introduce into the gospel the principles of repentence and baptism by immersion for the remission of sins.

Study the chapter. (See lesson five).

Answer the problem of the lesson.

What other denominations believe these principles? Who instructed Joseph and Oliver, and gave them authority to baptize? What

important baptism did he (John the Baptist) perform when he lived on the earth? How would he know, then, which was the right way

and what baptism was for?

Courses of Study for Priesthood Quorums—1915 Priests—"What

the Priest Should Know and Do."A book of eightyfour pages, written especially for the classes of 1915. Price 15c, postpaid. This outline and also "Rational Theology,"by Dr. John A. Widtsoe, for the

High Priests, Seventies and Elders, will be sent direct without order.

Teachers—"The Life of Christ,"the same as for 1914. It is recommended that the gospel be studied directly from the New Testament,

as supplementalDeacons—"Theexercises.LatterdayPriceProphet,"15c. by Geo. Q. Cannon, a book

of 192 pages, bound in cloth. This book was used some three years

ago with great success and many of the volumes may be found in the homes of the Saints. Price, 40c, in cloth. There are none of these

books in paper binding.

High Priests, Seventies and Elders. "Rational Theology,"by Dr.

John A. Widtsoe, a book of about 200 pages, in which the doctrines

and aims of the gospel and the Church of Christ, are set forth in a text new, attractive and scientific. Price, paper 25 cents.

All these courses will be distributed through the office of the Improvement Era, address 2022 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Mutual Work

Stake Work

Originality in Public Speaking

Young people should learn early the need of stating information which they may have obtained, in words of their own. Using without

credit other people's language and expression, besides being ethically wrong and despicable, hinders the progress of the individual and retards his growth in public speaking. Our present excellent activities in

contest work, in the Mutual Improvement Associations, carry with thcjm possibilities of great harm to the contestants, if they are indiffernt about thinking for themselves, and expressing their thoughts in their own words. The individual contestants should carefully watch themselves

in this matter, so that plagiarism may be strictly avoided. Wherever

it is necessary to use other people's words, or tell other pepple's stories, distinct, credit should be given to them by the speakers'.

The public speaking contests which are now carried on in our

Mutual Improvement Associations are intended to be original on the part of the person who speaks, as far as the construction of the speech is* concerned, and also as far as possible in the development of the argument or story. It is permissible, and really advisable, that the

contestants shall be coached, and that they shall receive as much training for the contest as they can get. If they so prefer, they may pattern after model orators, and even adopt the style of some favorite

orator. It is also legitimate to secure all the criticism from friends

and teachers, that they can get, but it is entirely wrong for them to copy other people's words and adopt them as their own, or quote from other writers without giving such writers due credit. Of course, it is

not expected that our contestants shall be original in the sense that they are to create everything new, but it is emphatically impressed upon them that they shall avoid the direct use of other writers'or speakers'words and ideas, without acknowledging the sources. In

public speaking, particularly among the young, the speakers, it has been noticed, frequently commit to memory paragraphs and pages of other writer's productions and repeat them without proper credit being given to the source. This must be avoided. In order to experience the very

best results from our contest work, officers should impress upon the contestants early in the contest the need of getting all the information and help they can to help develop and present their theme; but aftre this

help and information is received, they themselves must do the thinking, the construction, and the development of the theme, then deliver it in their own words in a simple, straightforward manner. Wherever

they have occasion to quote, proper credit must be given to the source of the information.

A New Year Greeting The Improvement Era has received the Granite Wireless, number one, volume, 2, 1915, a little fourpage publication issued by the

Mutual Improvement Associations of the Granite Stake of Zion. It

is full of encouragement to the members of our organizations and of 368 IMPROVEMENT ERA

important items pertaining to their work and activities. Among its

leading articles is a greeting from the Granite stake presidency to the members of the Mutual Improvement Associations which is appropriate and applicable to all stakes, and we therefore take pleasure in quoting it in full. Supt. C. H. Nordberg and his associates are

busily engaged in M. I. A. activities and express themselves pleased

with the privilege of devoting their time and energy to the cause, and in "teaching the unthinking boy to think."And President May

Greene and her associates are likewise devoted to the girls:

GREETINGS

"May the year 1915 bring to you an increase in the joy of living the sure recompense of loving service. In heaven the joy of living

is complete because service is perfect. And we bring heaven to earth

in proportion as we unselfishly work with love unalloyed for the real good and happiness of our fellows. Hence heaven is found not in

the playhouse, the skating rink, or in the dance hall, but in a visit to the bedside of the sick, in the bread fed to the worthy poor, in the clothing given to the naked, in the cheering word spoken to the downcast,lonely,—inin the everyuplift actextendedspringingto thefromfallen,a purein themotivelove toshownbe helpfulto the

without thought of reward.

"May the continuous aim of all Mutual workers be to establish heaven on earth. And this result can be achieved—the Millennium

i. e., when theestablished in Zion—only when Satan shall be bound,

tempter shall have no power over the children of men because of the purity and sinlessness of their lives. Such a condition is no Utopian

dream. The 'sure work of prophecy'makes it a future certainty.

Christ, our elder brother, lived the perfect life. With increased diligence let us try to be like him. And when we are so our 'joy will be

full.'"Frank Y. Taylor,

"John M. Cannon,

"Jos. F. Merrill,

"Stake Presidency."

Vocations and Industries

The Fourth Annual Convention of the National Vocation Guidance

Association

BY B. H. ROBERTS

The above convention was held in the John Marshall High

School Building, Richmond, Virginia, on the 7th, 8th and 9th December, 1914. In the number in attendance, the convention was disappointing; but all parts of the United States were represented, from the

Pacific to the Atlantic coast, and from north to south; but the member

from Utah was the only representative from the InterMountain states.

The program for the three days sessions was crowded. The general

topic of the first day's meeting was "Practical Phases of Vocational

Guidance."The papers that seemed to attract most attention under

this heading was one by Miss Margaret Brown of Henry street settlement, New York City; and "Vocational Guidance: A Function

of the state University."by Prof. J. D. Elliff, of the University of

MUTUAL WORK 369

Missouri, Columbia. The second day the general topic was: (a)

"Vocational Guidance in the Public School System;"and (b) "Vocational Guidance and Social Welfare; on the third day the questions

considered were under the general caption, "Vocational Guidance

Problems and Issues."At this meeting the member from Utah was

given the opportunity to report the works of Vocational Guidance undertaken by the Y. M. M. I. A. The report was listened to with

marked attention, and the treatment of the problems of guidance, especially the employment of men for vocational counselors of some experience in life, with some knowledge of the stress of the struggle for existence, and especially the employment of the services of fathers who had been successful in guiding their own sons and daughters into vocations where they were achieving success—was received with applause; as was also the emphasizing of the need of coupling with a

vocation some avocation, that would tend to enrich the life, and enlarge the usefulness of individuals following even the humblest vocations.

All the papers and the trend of all the discussions at this convention were on the supposition that vocational guidance would become a function of the public school system; of the higher grades—say theseventh and eighth—of the grade schools; of the high schools, and the

state universities. And doubtless this will be the case; the schools

furnishing the best machinery for performing the work, and can easiest supply the trained vocational counselors, so necessary to the complete success of vocational guidance. But it willbe some time before this work can be introduced into the public school system, and the

expert counselors trained for the practical work required. Meantime,

the needs of the youth of today, who will be the men and women of tomorrow, are upon us now, and are pressing for attention. These

needs must be met. I conclude, therefore, that there is urgent need of

going on with this work in our Y. M. M. I. Associations without any

hesitation or fear in regard to our undertaking work that will ultimately gravitate to the public schools. We should aim to cultivate public

opinion that will demand that vocational guidance become part of the public school curriculum. Let our work be in aid of such a consummation so devoutly to be wished, a work in which there shall be cooperation with, and supplemental aid to such work in the public

schools, rather than competition and rivalry. It is also probable that

for some years to come there will be quite a large element of the youth in our community who will not be reached by this work through the public schools, and among these we shall find a legitimate field for the work of our associations in Vocational Guidance for some time to come at least; and always we can give, vocational guidance, by

whomsoever undertaken, sympathetic and, I hope, intelligent, practical support.

Vocation Lectures

The General Board, through the Vocations and Industries Committee, has arranged for a series of lectures on vocations to be given in the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City. The Committee cooperated

>with the superintendents of the Ensign, Liberty, Salt Lake, Pineer

Granite and Cottonwood stakes, and have obtained some of the leading citizens of the community to present the following lectures on the dates named:

L. Morris. January 9—"The Trades as Vocations,"Nephi

January 17—"Agriculture,"Dr. Liberty H. Bailey

January 23—"Business,"—"Buying,"Bishop Chas. W. Nibley.

"Selling,"John D. Spencer.

370 IMPROVEMENT ERA January 30—"Business,"—"Merchandizing and Banking,"W. W.

Riter.

February 13—"Engineering,""Manufacturing,"SylvesterT. R. Cutler.Q. Cannon.

"Mining,"Dr. J. F. Merrill. February 27—"Architecture,"Lewis T. Cannon.

"Art,"Elbert Eastmond.

"Music,"Anthon C. Lund. March 14—"Medicine,"Dr. A. J Ridges.

"Law,"Stephen L. Richards. March 27—"Teaching,"Dr. George H. Brimhall.

"Journalism and Authorship,"B. H. Roberts.

The lectures are free to all.

Class Study

To Class Leaders BY DR. GEORGE H. BRIMHALL

You may estimate the value of any lesson by:

First, the percent of enrolled members present.

Second, by the percent of those present who are attentive, or open to impressions.

Third, by the percent of those present who are in action, expressing themselves during the recitation, and especially by the percent of backward members brought into action during the recitation.

Fourth, by the attitude of the class at the close of the recitation, conquest or defeat, weariness, or workativeness, satiation or appetency.

SUGGESTIVE STEPS IN CONDUCTING A RECITATION

First, review the previous lessons, or some phase of the previous lessons, or some phase of the previous work by test questions, stimulating or suggestive inquiries.

Second, test the preparation of the lesson at hand by calling for a statement of what the subject of the present is and also a statement of the chief problem assigned. Now, take the attitude of one who is

present to remove obstacles, and lead the members to present their difficulties to you. When a difficulty is presented by a member, give

the class a chance to help them out, you remaining in the background as a court of last resort. Let the boys tussle with their difficulties among themselves, using you as reference.

Third, when the discussion of difficulties has proceeded to the limit of either time or profit, you come to the foreground with a talk on the new lesson in the light of the discussion among the members, adding to what they have brought out, from the text and enriching the text by supplemented ideas.

Fourth, step into the background again and judiciously provoke a discussion of the lesson in the light of your contribution to the lesson.

Fifth, have a cooperation summary of the essentials of the lesson, discovering what conclusions have been reached by the class.

Sixth, assign the next lesson definitely, by stating what matter

MUTUAL WORK 371

should be read, and also by naming at least one problem to be solved by. the whole class in preparation. Other problems may be assigned to

individuals but the main problem should be worked at by every member in his preparation.

You must study the lesson, picking out the problems and planning for their presentation and solution, equiping yourself with apt illustrations with which to illuminate your explanations. You must

not forget that a lesson that is not problematic will be lacking in the elements of contest and conquest—the two great spurs of youth.

Remember that all teaching is not preaching. The latter is

admirably suited to congregations, and the former is especially adapted to class work. See that your members have a chance to do onehalf of

thething.—"Goodasking and meeting;telling. SeeI spoke."that the backward boy is led to say someAthletic and Scout Work

Important Information for Scout Leaders

BY DR. JOHN H. TAYLOR

In December the committee on Athletic and Scout Work gave instructions as to the method of handling the annual scout fee. This

month we call your attention to the method of sending in new names of boys and the amounts due, etc. These blanks can be obtained at the

Era office.

FEES In remitting dues for new boys during the year, you may pay "proportionate"dues for the unexpired period of the year for which your troop is registered, as follows: 25 cents for 9 months or more, 20

cents for 6 to 9 months, 15 cents for 3 to 6 months, and 10 cents for 3 months or any part thereof. Thus, if your commission expires August

31, 1915, a boy entering your troop in June, July or August, 1915, will pay 10 cents; if he joins in March. April or May, 1915, he will pav 15

cents; if he joins in December, 1914, or January or February, 1915,

20 cents, etc.. Obviously it is necessary to have a plan whereby no boy

receives a certificate beyond the period for which the troop is registered.

If the original registration covered less than 12 Scouts then the difference between the $3.00 minimum troop registration fee and the

amount for the originally registered Scouts at 25 cents each may be anpHed toward the payment of registration fees for newly enrolled

Scouts in such troops.

CERTIFICATES A Boy Scout membership card will be provided for each boy regularly enrolled. It is understood that no boy shall receive this certificate nor wear the official badge or uniform until he has passed the

Tenderfoot test and taken the promise as prescribed in the Official

Handbook.

REGISTRATIONS Lst year, scoutmasters registered boys in New York as candidates to become scouts. A whole year has passed, and many of the boys are

still candidates, and have no authority to call themselves scouts. In

a vear's time, a boy should be able to pass his Tenderfoot and Second

Class tests, at least. Are we fair with the boy when we fail to do

our work systematically, and carry him through these grades? Scout

372 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lessons, as published in the Era for November, 1914, if followed will get the boy through. Do not study at random the phases of scout

work which may interest you or the boys most; but work out the requirements of a Tenderfoot first, then the Second Class, then the First

Class, and then the merit badges. This order of taking up the work

encourages the boy, makes a better program, and gets the boy to the desired place. No excuse is good enough to induce you to follow any

other plan. (References to the lessons, in the Era are to the old

edition of the "Hand Book for Boys.")

NATIONAL ORGANIZATION DAY The week of February 8 is organization week. On that day, 1910,

the National Organization of Boy Scouts of America was effected, so on each anniversary of that day and week the scouts remember it by doing special scout work. One day should be used by the

scouts in doing a "daily good turn,"as a troop. Each stake should

have all the scouts come together when practicable, on February 8, or during that week, and carry out a program consisting of short scout talks, scout songs, scout yells, scout stories, scout stunts, and reviews of scout promise and laws, and flag salute. Why not make it

a big night for the boys in your stake or ward?

Reading Course

Books BY BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

"It is chiefly through books that we enjoy intercourse with superior minds, and these invaluable means of communication are in the reach of all. In the best books great men talk to us, give us

their most precious thoughts, and pour their souls into ours. God

be thanked for books. They are the voices of the distant and the

dead, and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages. Books are

true levelers. They give to all, who will faithfully vise them, the

society, the spiritual presence of the best and greatest of our race.

No matter how poor I am,—no matter though the prosperous of myown time will not enter my obscure dwelling,—if the sacred writers

will enter and take up their abode under my roof, if Milton will cross my threshold to sing to me of Paradise, and Shakespeare to open to me the worlds of imagination and the workings of the human heart, and

Franklin to enrich me with his practical wisdom, I shall not pine for want of intellectual companionship, and I may become a cultivated man, though excluded from what is called the best society in the place where I live."—Channing.

In this beautiful tribute of Dr. Channing, we are inclined to underscore the statement "they give to all who will faithfully use them, the

society, the spiritual presence of the best and greatest of all our race."

To encourage the wise and "faithful use"of good books is the end sought for by the Reading Course Committee. It is confidently expected that all Stake and Ward Officers will cooperate in this effort,

that they themselves will not only read, but that they will ardently encourage the reading habit among the young men everywhere.

"Read and get others to read,"is our motto. For suggestions and

helps in this direction, consult the Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook, page 45.

Through the courtesy of the editor, we will be permitted to say something about what to read and how to read, in subsequent issues of the Era.

Passing Events The Knight Sugar Company decided on January 13 to move their factory from Alberta, Canada, to a site near Layton, Davis county,

Utah.

The San DiegoPanama-California Exposition was officially opened at midnight, January 1st, by President Woodrow Wilson who pushed the button at Washington connecting a wire leading to the exposition grounds. The Utah building was visited by a large contingent of Utah

people including Governor William Spry and other leading citizens.

A national prohibition amendment was submitted to the House of

Representatives, and a final adverse decision upon the subject was given by the House on the 22nd of December. The resolution was by

Representative Hobson and was submitted to Congress as a constitutional amendment prohibiting the sale and manufacture of liquor in the

United States. There were 197 yeas and 189 nays. Among the nays

were Representatives Howell and Johnston of Utah.

Increase in freight rates, approximating five per cent on all the railroads between the Atlantic seaboard and the Mississippi river, north of the Potomac and Ohio rivers, were granted on December 18 by the Interstate Commerce Commission. It is estimated that the

advanced rates will increase the income of the roads about thirty million dollars annually. The decision was made upon the showing

by the roads that in addition to conditions from which they previously asked relief, they are now confronted with an emergency because of * the war in Europe.

A resolution on woman suffrage which provided for the submitting to the states an amendment to the federal constitution to enfranchise women, was defeated in the House of Representatives January 12, by a vote of 204 to 174. It was the second vote in the history of Congress

on the woman suffrage issue. The question was before the House on

the Mondell resolution to submit a constitutional amendment providing that the right of suffrage shall not be abridged "because of sex."A

twothirds affirmative vote was necessary to pass the resolution, and it was defeated by a vote of 30. Congressman Howell voted for the

resolution and Congressman Johnston was absent and did not vote.

A severe earthquake in Italy on January 13, 1915, destroyed a numbei of villages. It is estimated that fifty thousand people were either

killed or injured in the disaster, and a later estimate places the number at 100,000. The earthquake was of wide extent and is said to be

'The the most severe that Rome has felt in more than a hundred years.

earthquake swept over central and southern Italy, with Ayazzano, as the center of disturbance. Towns with thousands of inhabitants were

overthrown and great suffering has resulted. The wounded in some

instances were left in the ruins for two and three days. In Avazzano

there were over eight thousand dead. Famine and severe cold add to

the sufferings.

The eleventh assembly of the Utah Legislature convened in Salt

Lake City on Monday, January 11, 1915. The senate was organized

immediately by the selection of Senator W. Mont Ferry as president,

with Alexander Buchanan, Jr., as secretary. The House, however,

374 IMPROVEMENT ERA

being nearly equally divided politically were in deadlock until Saturday, the 16th, when the members succeeded in organizing by the selection of Lewis R. Anderson of Sanpete county as speaker, by a vote of

25 to 20. One of the important questions to come before this legislature is the formation of a prohibition bill to be submitted for adoption

to the people who are to vote upon it at a special election, if the program carries. A straight prohibition bill was introduced on January

20, in the Senate.

James Dwyer, a noted pioneer of Salt Lake, and well known throughout the state of Utah and the intermountain west, as a man of sterling character and ability, died of general debility in the early morning of January 13, at the L. D. S. Hospital. Mr. Dwyer was born

November 22, 1831, in Bansha, Tipperary county, Ireland. While he

was very young, his parents settled in Detroit, Michigan, where his father became a leading business man. While a boy Mr. Dwyer attended school there and worked with his father. In 1860 he was converted to the faith of the Latterday Saints and came to Utah, crossing

the plains in an ox team company. He came to Salt Lake and engaged

as a news dealer and began his famous bookstore, as a newsstand, in the old Townsend House, on West Temple and First South. He was

greatly interested in education and many young men throughout the state can testify to the help which he rendered them in their selection of books. His old store at No. 72 South Main street was the center

of the educational and literary thought and gatherings of Salt Lake

City for many years. In 1884 a fire destroyed his stock, and he went

out of business, devoting the remainder of his time to educational affairs and to his personal business. In 1862 he was married to Sarah

Hammer with whom he had eight children. An extended sketch of

Brother Dwyer appeared in the Improvement Era for June, 1911, Vol,

H, page 696.

An enjoyable dinner was given by the General Board of the Y. M.

M. I. A. to the General Board of the Y. L. M. I. A. on January 14, at

the Bishop's Building. The purpose was to increase the spirit of good

fellowship between the members of the two boards, and to provide an enjoyable evening's entertainment. Both purposes were fully accomplished. There were over one hundred and fifty in attendance, including members of the two boards, their escorts, and some of the

leading authorities of the Church. A reception was held at seven

o'clock, and the dinner was followed by a program of speeches, toasts, songs and a joke contest. President Joseph F. Smith gave the address

of welcome, which was responded to by President Martha H. Tingey

of the Y. L. M. I. A. President Heber J. Grant acted as toastmaster.

He was introduced by a very complimentary speech by President

Smith, in these words: "It is my pleasurable duty to introduce to

you a gentleman who possesses a tongue 'like the pen of a ready writer;'a gentleman with memories as inexhaustible as the eternal

elements; a gentleman with a brain as full of energy as harnessed

electricity; a vigorous, true friend and an intense but forgiving

enemy; a gentleman who is generous to a fault, whose days are

full of wakeful activities, and whose nights are sleepless; a gentleman you can 'tie to', and who will not disappoint vou this eventhis auspicious occasion—Elder Heber J. ing—our 'toastmaster'for

Grant."After a witty response by Elder Grant, he introduced toasts

which were responded to by President Richard W. Young. Mrs. Ruth

May Fox, and Oscar A. Kirkham. A feature of the evening was the

joke contest between Orson F. Whitney and B. S. Hinckley. Among

the delightful musical selections were the contralto solo by Evangeline

Thomas, violin solo by Miss Mae Anderson, and the bass solo by

PASSING EVENTS 375 Willard Andelin who responded to an encore and sang "Rocked in the

Cradle of the Deep."Elder B. H. Roberts offered the invocation and

President Anthon H. Lund pronounced the benediction. Thomas Hull

of the General Board social committee had charge, and to him and associates is due in great measure the success of the very pleasant evening..

The Great War. Since our last report closing December 16, desultory fighting has been proceeding both in the east and in the west

with no decisive results. Much suffering has been endured by the

soldiers both in Poland and Belgium and France on account of the snows and winter storms.

'December 17.—Great Britain declared that henceforth Egypt will

constitute a British protectorate, the suzerainty of Turkey being terminated. It was announced from Russia that the German cruiser

"FrederichKarl"was sunk during a recent engagement in the Baltic.

The allied troops occupy Westende on the Belgian coast after a bombardment by warships which forced the Germans to retire.

December 18.—The British government announced that the khedive

of Egypt Abbas Hilmi Pasha had been deposed and the government bad appointed in his place his uncle Prince Hussein Kemal Pasha, with the title of sultan. Sir Arthur MacMahon is appointed high commissioner for Egypt. The Germans occupy Lowicz half way between

Lodz and Warsaw, after several days'fighting. The Italian senate

adjourned after a demonstration in favor of peace. King Haakon of

Norway, and King Christian of Denmark met with King Gustave at

Malmo, Sweden, to discuss problems of the war affecting the Scandinavian countries.

December 20.—Dixmude is evacuated by the Germans after occupation since November 10. Prince von Buelow, special German ambassador to Italy, was received by King Victor Emmanuel.

retires twentyfour French generals. December 22.—General Joffre

prisDecember 24.—The Russians take four thousand Austrians

oners. The Germans take 837 prisoners and kill three thousand AngloIndian troops near St. Hubert.

HelgoDecember 25.—Seven British sea planes attack Cuxhaven,

land, the German naval base.

Dardanelles and December 26.—A British submarine enters the

destroys mines. The Russians captured ten thousand Austrians at

Krosno in Galicia.

is taken by the French. December 28.—St. Georges, near Nieuport

protests against the detention of December 29.—President Wilson

American ships in search for contraband. Russians defeat the Austrians near the Carpathians, taking three thousand prisoners.

continued fighting in the December 30.—There was hard and

trenches between Meuse and Moselle. The Germans make a bombdropping raid on Dunkirk, and fifteen are reported killed.

December 31.—The French attack the village of Steinbach, Alsace,

and the Montenegrins invade Herzegovina.

January 1.—The British battleship "Formidable"was sunk in the

Channel by a German submarine, according to official announcement from Berlin.

of war attack the German East January 3.—Two British men

African port of Dares-Salaam effecting considerable damage.

is said to have been arrested and conJanuary 5.—Cardinal Mercier

fined to Malines by the Germans for inciting the Belgians to revolt

. against German military rule. January 9.—The swift German battle cruiser VonDer Tann was

sunk in battle with a British battle cruiser off Pernambuco, South

America. 376 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Sonora Colonies, Mexico, were recently visited by C. W.

Lillywhite, of Douglas, Arizona. In a letter to the Era, dated January

4. he gives an account of his trip with a brief statement of the present

condition attending the colonies. Since the exodus of our people from

Morelos, San Jose and Oaxaca,—in September, 1912, there has not been

on an average more than eight or ten Americans caring for the property in those colonies. Notwithstasding this small American population, practically all of the more than one hundred and forty homes

vacated by the colonists are occupied at present. The lands have been

utilized, and doubtless never before in the history of that country have the natives enjoyed such luxuries without cost to them. If they

had used American economy and foresight they might have stored food and clothing to last them for years to come, but their shiftless habits and indolence have not only proved their own loss and present suffering but also have been the cause of the destruction of thousands of dollars'worth of property belonging to the colonists. When the

"Mormon"colonists were forced to fly before the invasion of Salazar's "Red Flaggers"there was every appearance of thrift and industry, but today a more perfect picture of decay, destruction and retrogression it would be hard to find. Notwithstanding that the land is well supplied with firewood to be obtained at little labor, fence posts have been

burned for fire wood and even door and window frames from brick houses are torn out and burned, not out of revenge, but merely to supply an immediate want of firewood at a minimum cost of labor.

The fruit trees yielded much delicious fruit, and many thousands of bushels of golden grain were harvested and sold, the proceeds going to buy drink (mescal)—that greatest curse to the Mexican race, and

today the colonies are teeming with a destitute, starving people, a people, it seems to the observer, almost too indolent to feed and warm themselves when the necessaries for such comforts are placed in their hands, without coit to them. The bean crop this year was almost

a complete failure, and now to add to the misery and want of the nation, and to the colonists'keen loss, the most destructive floods in the history of the colonies have visited the country (December 1920,

THE MAXHAM HOME

One of the neatest brick cottages of Colonia Morelos as seen while the flood was washing the corner walls away Dec. 27, 1914.

PASSING EVENTS 377

1914). Hundreds of acres of rich lands have been washed away, and

thousands of dollars of damage have been done to fences and canals, and have placed these colonies apparently beyond the possibility of being reclaimed and reinhabited and settled by the Latterday Saints

In 1905, the colonies also suffered greatly by floods. At that time

more than a thousand acres of fertile land, under a high state of cultivation, and many homes, were washed away at Oaxaca. What with

floods, crop failures, drought, the revolution, grafters, bandits and robbers, poor Mexico has suffered more than any other land; and these

have reduced its race of fifteen million people to the most abject suffering, poverty and famine. There is no need to go to Belgium to

find a faminestricken and starving nation. Not more than sixty miles

from the boundary line, dividing peace and plenty and misery and want, between progress and degradation, between the United States

The flood at its height, Dec. 27, 1914.

and Mexico, one may witness tnousands of human beings suffering severely for food and clothing. It will be six months yet before anything from the soil can be harvested for their relief. These are the

conditions now confronting the natives inhabiting the homes of the colonists at Sonora. They are starving in a land surrounded with

rich mineral deposits, acres of the most fertile soil, with orchards of choice fruit trees, implements on the ground. Our colonists are, in

obedience to wise counsel, seeking homes in a land whose government guarantees to the industrious inhabitants thereof the fruits of patient toil. "In my opinion,"says the writer, "any of the colonists who

cherish the faintest hope that they might ere long be permitted to return to the Sonora solonies and enjoy the same blessings as before the exodus, and see those colonies again peopled by industrious Latterday Saints, will do well now to banish such hopes and resign themselves to labor to build homes in a land of more perfect peace and security. Aside from the ravages of the revolution, the recent floods

have rendered the security of the colonies hopeless. Their present

condition would discourage the stoutest hearts. Many farms along

the Batipito river were washed away entirely. It was formerly a small,

harmless little stream but is now a yawning, hungrylooking riverbed covering almost a third part of the once fertile valley."Driftwood

and sediment cover the farms for some distance back from the banks.

"The Last Letters of the Prophet Joseph,"by B. F. Cummings, Sen.,

in the next number of the Era. Many other attractive features; including

a good story.

Original Story Contest.—1. Open to all. The Improvement Era offers $25 for the best story in a monthly competition beginning in January and

ending in June.

2. All stories for monthly competitions must be in the hands of the

editor by the 5th of February and on the 5th of each month thereafter, and must contain not less than three thousand nor more than about five thousand words. Address the Associate Editor Improvement Era for further

particulars. Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Improvement Era, February, 1915

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, \ -pr Heber J. Grant, Business Manager (j:torsb

Edward H. Anderson, ) Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Portrait of Prest, Jedediah M. Grant Frontispiece

When Shall War Cease? A Poem Alfred Lambourne 283

The Hand of God in Events on Earth Prest. Jedediah M. Grant.. 285

Making Farm Life More Attractive. Illustrated F. S. Harris, Ph. D 288

Evolution not Supported by Embryology Rcbert C. Webb 295

Navajo Marriage Customs. Illustrated J. F. Anderson, A. B 301

The Wonderful Development of Modern Bacteriology J. F. Greaves, Ph. D 307

A King of Western Scouts 111. Illustrated., colcmon F. Kimball 316

Chastity. A Poem F. E. Barker 325

Antho-n L. Skanchy—V. VI, VII Dr. John A. Widtsoe 326

To Nature. A Poem Guy Coleman 331

The Miser. A Story Elsie C. Carroll 332

The Sabbath Day George W. Crockwell 339

A Wise Old Man. A Poem 344

The Kindergarten and its Educational Value..Ida Dusenberry 345

Father's Sweetheart. A Poem A. Ira Cox 349

Tree Sap in Winter. Illustrated Delbert W. Parratt 350

Some Problems of the War Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 353

Nineteen Fifteen. A Poem Aretta Young 356

Editors'Table—Walk in the Light Prest. Joseph F. Smith 357

The Man Behind the Czar Christian Richardson 358

Messages from the Missions 360

Priesthood Quorums'Table—Suggestive Lesson Outlines for the Deacons 365

in Public Speaking 367Mutual Work—Originality

Fourth Annual Convention of the Na onal

Vocation Guidance Association B. H. Roberts 368

The Class Leader Dr. George H. Brimhall.... 370

Important Information for Scout Leaders....Dr. Jchn H. Taylor 371

Books Bryant S. Hinckley 372

The Campaign for Funds Heber J. Grant 355

Passing Events 373 Boy Scout Hand Books PRICE 25c, By Mail 30c filled as soon as We have ju<t received a big shipment and your order will be it reaches us. Be sure to send the money with your order and avoid delays.

On orders for 1 2 or more, accompanied by the money we will send the books for 25c each, post paid.

ORDER NOW SCOUT MASTERS'MANUAL60c pest paid.

DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION BOOK STORE, Salt Lake City, 44E.So.Temple

za

PUMINQTOM ArTOLOAPTNG BIFLK—ONB OF BROWNIWQ'8 PATKNTB

Send for our Catalogue—150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

In it yon will find described the above Rifle together with all other standard makes of firearms.

OGHTBN, CO.. UTAH. CROWNING BROS.

We Are Now Agents Globe -Wernicke Bookcase and Filing Cabinets

Call or Write For Catalog

SHIELDS STATIONERY CO.

131 Main Street, Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Place this Piano in your homeNOW --and make your first payment June 1, 1915 THE PRICE offer $350 this fine time we limited For a The Piano of saving price $247.50—thus the low at piano

Attractive in case design, pure and sweet, you $102.50.

rich and full in tone the Bowen piano at once appeals to the most exacting musician. TOE TERMS

It is a $350 piano which we fully guarantee in We will ship the piano at once and you can 1st, 1915. Vlu June first payment your every way. Stool and scarf free, and freight make quarterly, or halfmonthly, balance may pay

prepaid to your K. R. station yearly, as you wish.

Sdem&fi 3MA/M 'OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH"

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE R F. Protects your family if you die M O

THAN A Protects you if you live

MILLION Ask about our plan whick helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time you are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

JoMph F. Smilh, President Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl.VicePrei. & Mgr.

OFFICERS

JOSEPH F. SMITH,

President W. S. MCCORMICK.

YlCEPR UIDSNT GRANT HAMPTON, SEO'Y S Treac, GEO. T. ODELL,

GEN'L MANASER G. G. WRIGHT, DIRECTORY ASST, GEN'L MR.

JOSEPH F. SMITH FRANCIS M. LYMAN

W. S. MCCORMICK THOS. R. CUTLER

GEO. T. ODELL WILLIAM SPRY

C. S. BURTON HEBER SCOWCROFT ctSr-J. G. WRIGHT JAMES L. WRATHALL JAMES H. MOYLE GEO. D. KEYSER

W. W. ARMSTRONG

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA