IMPROVEMENT

JULY 1953

ELDER HAROLD B. LEE

Make the most of those NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN AMERICA

Francis Kirkham W. By leisure hours—

of power in the "coming summer Divine Evidence 1. Vol. I:

of Mormon. of theforth"Book $2.75

of the to prove Book Mormon 2. Vol. - - - - with good reading discussion under assembly: scholarlyAttempts andmanmade. IIA

of the to prove attempts Book of the coverone many

Mormon manmade. Dr. Francis W. Kirkham undertook

the herculean task of assembling this data from widely sources originalscattered at the request of $2.73 Smith. George AlbertPresident

NEW WITNESS FOR GOD By B. H. Roberts

3. Vol I: Joseph Smith, the Prophet, asa a 'witness

of God. $2.50

4. Vol. II: The value of the Book of Mormon as a

witness for the authenticity and integrity of the Bible;

and the truth of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. $2.50

5. Vol. Ill: A continuation of Vol. IT. more

evidences. $2.50

6. OUTLINES OF ECCLESIASTICAL HISTORY—By B. H. Roberts $2.25

7. THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS

By Dewey Farnsivorth readable and thoroughly find a moreSeldom will you illustrated... lavishly thisfascinating one than book

fabulous of the Mayan pictures of the ruins andwith years ago over existed civilization relics2500 which COMPRICE PEARL OF GREAT to Central. uth.. S migrations great and the twoand MENTARY years about second the ago; aboutAmerica, one 4,000 R. Milton Dr. Hunter By Cloth 600 B.C. $5.00 docon the authoritative commenting work An Leatherette Price, $7.50 Pearl of the history trines of Great and

8. DOCTRINE & COVENANTS COMMENand its importance to Latterday Saints. $3.00 OF MORMON 13. BOOK TARY durable, attractive genuine type, readable helpful of this very editionA revised

bindings. Covenants. of the Doctrine andthe study and usefulA necessaryaid in Clear,leather

better appreciation understanding for the andsupplement 5.50 & $7.00

to inrevelations given Completely of the Church. the COMBINATION 14. QUADRUPLE for reference. dexed $5.00 Doctrine Bible, and Covenants Book of Mormon,

9. THE FALLING AWAY pact,and Pearlleatherboundof Great deluxePrice inedition.one com- $20.00tt<Ml AA

By B. H. Roberts $2.50 15. SIGNS OF THE TIMES

10. PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH A fascinatingBy JosephdiscussionFieldingof propheciesSmith fulfilled

prophecies to come. Revised ediand. GOVERNMENT

flfZ.Za tion. By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Priesthood for the Melchizedek A handbook con16. JACOB HAMBLIN, Peacemaker of Priestcompilation taining a comprehensive

hood information in handy form for By Pearson H. Corbett

study and reference. $2.50 Jacob Hamblin, picturesque "Apostle to the

Indians,"was a colonizer, conqueror of the desert, friendmaker TO 11. KEY THEOLOGY Church man; this is hisof thestory.Indians, and devoted$5.00 P. Pratt Parley By

original introduction to the science concise and A Education lives as long as you read history, of theology, as gathered from revelation, good books! prophecy, reason, and analogy. $1.50

CO. BOOK DESERET This Sunday—let's all go to church

Salt Lake City, Utah 1 E. So. Temple, 44

Please send the following circled hooks 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 II 12 13 14 15 16 for which I enclose check or money order for

Deseret Book Co: NameA.Mress...

44 East South TempJe CitvCity Residents of Utah—add 2% salesState.statetax.,

KJ.lvr"*W*'v ww: L

7ZeOVAtSMP fe/6wi/f

y Z>r. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

y 1864 onehalf of the merchant ships under the British flag had switched to steam, but in 1895 half the United

States merchant ships still used sails. %

By 1883 onehalf of the British ships were made of iron and steel, and in Its the first 1900 onehalf of the United States ships were still made of wood, according to the magazine Ships. reallq V/FF*NT

n measurements were made at the Unicracker in 1V1 versity of Missouri of a stray piesprouting seedpumpkin found on May frost 5. 25qears! 17 and killed by on November

In its 173 days of growth it produced a total overall vine growth of 1986 feet, with the longest branch 75 feet. At the

peak of growth the vine made an average of 5 inches a day. It produced 20

mature pumpkins weighing a total of 300 pounds.

*'*the ship craftsmen of Venice, Italy, %."-.. -

-*- had assembly line techniques for shipbuilding over 500 years ago. In

1570 during a war with Turkey, Venice turned out 100 ships in 100 days and a few years later turned out a complete galley in two hours. TownHouse

rp'HE largest reptile in the world is be- -* lieved to be the gavial found in the rivers of northern India. It has a length OtcAeufy PURITYup to 30 feet, body 3 feet thick, and,

though it has jaws a yard long filled with teeth of various sizes, it is timid. Here's a wonderful flavor

tn the United States there are an estiyou've never known before

* people 7,500,000 mated to be known these are the first afflicted arthritis, to—because with a cost with

the taxpayers in relief allowances of crackers of their kind ever 128 million dollars a year. baked! There's no match

71 nimal disease costs the United States anywhere for the tender ** about two billion dollars annually, about half of which is due to parasites. crispness... the freshManufacturers of grooming preparations fromthe-oven texture...

for dog care, exclusive of medicine, sell about six to seven million dollars worth. of these delicious, goldenareThere about three times as many brown ovals. They're just theredogs as in 1920. were

right for two bites—- with

np.o keep a telescope pointed at a fixed

*. star the telescope direction has to no crumbs!

be changed to compensate for the earth's rotation. To keep the fourteen tons of

the thirtysix inch refractor of Lick

Observatory moving at the slow speed necessary to keep a star in view * requires Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello... Phoenixonly a 1 /500th horsepower motor.

JULY 1953 489 "LIVING THE GOSPEL"—IN AUTOMOBILES JUST OFF THE PRESS!

jT* eorge and I were in the rightturn for light lane, waiting the green on by Dr. G. Homer Durham Street in Salt TWO NEW 7th South and State Lake

City. With screeching brakes a black UNIVERSITY OF UTAH BOOKS Chrysler pulled up on our left, on the

inside lane. There was a recoil as the

hydraulic brakes pressed tiretreads to When Saints and friends leave the the asphalt and brought the big vehicle B.Y.U. and U. of U. stadium parking

to a halt. lots, it is possible to observe, oftentimes,

The light changed. Zoom, in front something less than Christian charity!

of us, as we made our right turn, cut And of course, none of us, including the the black Chrysler. As it ripped present writer, ever drives too fast!

around the corner in the wrong lane, More people will die on American cutting in front of us, I noted with a highways this year than American certain (unjustified, I'm sure) Utah servicemen in Korea. More Americans

pride that the car bore an out of state are dead from highway fatalities since license. (California drivers, together 1900 than in all our foreign and civil

with many New Yorkers and Pennsylwars since George Washington.

vanians, I have come to learn, observe We teach our boys and girls, with traffic markings fairly conscientiously, good success, not to throw rocks at peo-

W-CUONSKQUSEN and better than most Utahns.) ple. Can we put the gospel into our

The car shot down State Street, the lives when we get behind the wheels stream of traffic filling of our automobiles?

the outHere is a place where Now available in book form—W. Cleon in behind it—in

Skousen's ever popular and colorful Tabside lane. Saints are needed in these

ernacle series. Stimulating and inspiring, We moved over into times. A Scout is courtethis answers of the pervolume many the lane proper ous, so we says law. the Scout

It tinent today. of our makes problems a lefthand could make In an automobile? When life easier, day's understandable more

and enjoyable. Here are but a few of turn on the next corner. he's old enough to be a

the many timely subjects—How May Meanwhile, the big scoutmaster?

Learn God, Modern About What Men Chrysler was slowed much about We speak are Blocks the to Principal Stumbling down by double parking loving as our neighbor Christianity in Times, Faith Can Modern

Cope with Modern Militant Materialism, in front of a store. As ourselves. And who is

Why Do Materialists Fear the Ten Comwe approached, it suddenly, without a our neighbor when we are behind the is of Significance the mandments, What over veered signal or warning, into the wheel?

It's etc. truly the of a Mormon, Book

approach. of our in the path inside lane liin belongs every book that Church In the field of traffic regulations it

brary by the author of the best seller I "honked."(Luckily there was no may be well to realize that

"Prophecy and Modern Times."oncoming traffic in the inside, north-

$*00 bound lane.) I then steered across the Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, line to avoid collision. and to hearken than the fat of rams. '2 double

The hornhonking, the quick maneu- (I Samuel 15:22.)

all of a flash. the The work were NOW! ANOTHER INSPIRING ver, the And by way of adding courtesy to the coincided with of our horn sound

VOLUME passing of the slowermoving car, legal observance, we will be wise to in the which was stymied by the doublereflect that, on the streets and highways, deliSTORY- by, a nottoo parkers. went As we

.. as. Inasmuch ye have done it unto

at in response yelled us mouth, TELLER cate of one the least of these brethren, ye my

SERIES to the honk, "Aw, drawp dead!"have done it unto me.

Being a college professor, impatient (Matt. 25:40.)

*1 00 with all manifest errors (especially those observed in others!) and of a

slightly philosophical turn of mind, had we been available for conversation I should have remonstrated, perhaps, that PIONEER, OH, PIONEER! STORY GEMS for me to "drop dead"seemed to be his

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. exact purpose! By Rhea Lou Shea

You'll find this third volume a rich It was a small incident. There are

the blazed perilous trails VT'ou L. mountain Storyteller Zobell's to Albert addition every day. such We are all bits It's Series. * of millions choice with packed rivers forded wide And

.. beauty, truth wisdom and people, doubleparked guilty. The find rare peace in To for you and yours;. talksinteresthighlight ing stories your and to

use wherever you discuss the gospel. front of stores who were partially reAh, God walked by your side.

Complete your set now. sponsible that day, probably included

ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL DEALER bishops'counselors and high priests'Undaunted,Pioneer, oh, youPioneer,pushed on, group leaders from Salt Lake City. The Across the miles of trackless waste,

big boy who invited me, both by his Upon your lips, a song.

actions and verbal invitation, to "drawp Bookcraft1186 South Main dead"could well have been the second You left a faith in righteousness,

Salt Lake City, Utah counselor in an elders'quorum in his AsFondChristhopestaughtfor peacein his andage, brotherly love, homestate. A goodly heritage.

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHITE CROSS Now Sending Out FREE Information in NationWide Drive

LowCost Plan Pays You Cash

for Doctor, Hospital 601s

includes Maternity Benefits,Medicines,X-Ray andLaboratoryFees,Money to Live On, etc.

OVER 5 MILLION NOW ARE PROTECTED BY FAMOUS WHITE CROSS PLAN

You and your family are you don't have to belong to a group. eligible—

Just a few pennies a day covers all these benefits:

MONEY FOR YOUR DOCTOR MONEY FOR YOUR HOSPITAL

—even for ordinary illnesses! up to $15 a day for 100 days

the Under Choose any you wish. CROSS WHITE PLAN Under

to visits get up for doctor at the $150.00 CROSShospital you can get WHITE PLANyou

doctor's office, in your to hospital. home, or up a $15 day for as as many 100

Choose any doctor you want. (IMPORdays for each sickness or accident, per

TANT: You do not have to take a person in the family. Hospital room and

to examination enjoy are included. WHITE board your doctor, pay We

protection.) CROSSphysical your hospital, or you, direct. as you

can enjoy the peace (You of mind that comes from knowing that One person in every 2 families your doctor's bills are provided will need hospital care this year.

lor.) Don't let a big hospital bill wreck

MONEY FOR YOUR SURGEON your family plans for the future.

the Under CROSS WHITE you PLAN MATERNITY BENEFITS for can get to your $250 surgeon $5 childbirth for or any of or any you family your when member complication pregnancy skill. his needs surgeon. Choose any

the Under WHITEof CROSS tonsils, you sinus, Fractures, appendix, PLAN hernia, get (after can have you been a varicose memveins, hemorrhoids, and much for ber hospital 9 months) expenses.. for are stitching covered even more a

childbirth or any complication of pregsimple Operations. wound ($5.) be may

or nancy, to times 10 miscarriage—up in hospital, done or your home, doctor's

daily the in hospital rate policy. your office.

(The you save money this way hospital cases (6 out of 10 need go for other babyhood exit surgery usually and means a canpenses.) sizable expense. not So why be

protected in this sensible way?)

UP TO $200 A MONTH TO LIVE ON MEDICINES, DRUGS, DRESSINGS when you are unable to work X-RAYS, IRON LUNG, ETC.

sickness of because accidents the Under CROSS WHITE you PLAN the Under orCROSS you WHITE can get for cash PLAN expenses many you to get a for can up hospital month $300 might not ordinarily expect to covbe care; to and up $200 a month while ered. Operating charges, room anesthetics,

recuperating at home. this can get You X-ray, laboratory examinations, mediif protection familysaving separately cines, drugs, dressings, you and other any

wish. necessary hospital expense. Yes, even

(It's to frightening doctor, have service, ambulance blood transfusions, bills pile hospital up oxygen, use of iron and an lung. WHEN

ISN'T THERE ANY protects MONEY (WHITE CROSS you

IN. against CROSS extras COMING WHITE many

this saves from worry you and bill. hospital double a thatFew plansoften

get better faster.) thus helps you this give protection.) you

MAIL AT ONCE FOR FREE INFORMATION

RATES HAVE NEVER BEEN RAISED ON PEOPLE IN THE WHITE CROSS PLAN THE WHITE CROSS PLAN, Dept. IE-7

c/o BANKERS LIFE & CASUALTY CO.

Chicago 30, Illinois Send the me the famous For FREE Information -mail this coupon j lowcost WHITEall factsCROSSabout PLAN..: This does not obligate in way. any me

Name The Famous WHITE CROSS PLAN ]* (please print) issued by

BANKERS LIFE & CASUALTY CO., Chicago 30, Illinois Address..

County City..or Zone State..

s Life b Cuualty Co.

JULY 1953 491 \Jwicial Lyraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Jke IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THETR/TVOICE OF THE CHURCH'

*Jhe Lhurcn of

spesm Lkri&t,

or oLatleraau >ainti r>J VOLUME 56 NUMBER

--o-

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Manuscript Editor: J. ELIZABETH Editor:MOFFITTMARBAResearchC. JOSEPHSONEditor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: IRIS PARKER

Contributing - ARCHIBALD G. HOMER DURHAM Jne Lcover

- FRANKLIN Editors: LEE NIBLEY JR. - HUGHF. BENNETT A. PALMER

B. CLAUDES. HARRIS, B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY SPERRY

- General Manager: R. ELBERT Associate CURTIS Manager: BERTHA

Business - D. Manager: Advertising GILES JOHN VERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER of fullpresentation our In continuing Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARRDirector:

portraits of color the General Authorities,

The Improvement Era this month features

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the

Twelve. Elder Lee, managing director

The Editor's Page ofdainedthe Churchan ApostlewelfareAprilprogram,10, 1941,was orby

Questions—and Faith..President David O. McKay 501 isPresidentthe workHeberof BoyartJ. Grant.Studios.The photograph

(See page 504 for biographical material.)

Church Features Elder Stayner Richards—18851953 498 Your Question—The Savior and Adam in the Preexistence

President Joseph Fielding Smith 503 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES Through the Eyes of Youth—The Purpose of Genealogical Research 50 North Main Street

and Temple Work Olive Hawkins 509 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

The Welfare Plan in 1861, Peter W. Dixon 497 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

C. Carlston 494 Genealogy 509 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Church Moves On. 496 Melchizedek Priesthood 528

Vacation with Dividends, Sylvia The Presiding Bishopric's Page....530 tionCopyrightof the1953Youngby MutualMen'sFunds,MutualInc.,Improvementa CorporaAssociation of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. SubSpecial Features scriptionsubscriptions,price, $3.00$2.50 aa year,year, in inadvance;advance;foreign25c

single copy.

City, Utah, Office, Salt Lake at the Post Entered for mailing matter. Acceptance secondclass Harold B. Lee—Apostle of the Lord Marion G. Romney 504 as

section for in provided rate of postage special In the at Old Summertime Good C. Josephson Marba 510

2, July authorized 1917, of October 1103, Act Fort Old The Stevens Smith Mud 514 Naomi 1918.

of Achievement A Record Era Improvement John D. Giles 518 The butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unmanuscripts, Spoken solicited from Temple Square The Word

by sufficient be accompanied must All manuscripts -.Richard L. Evans 526, 536, 538, 548, 551

return. for delivery and postage Franklin Exploring the Universe, 490 ham

..489 S. Harris, It's All Jr. in the 493 Game Change of Address Times, These Page and Your Living the Gospel—Ours 552

in Automobiles, G. Homer Durdress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adunless the old be cannot made changes Address

is included. one well as the new as Today's Family addressaddress slip from a recent issue of the magazine.

Know Your L. D. S. Cooks doors, Edna K. Pay 546

Australian Favorites, June C. After the Wedding....542

Orme 540 If I Were in My Teens, Iris National Advertising Representatives

Handy Hints..541 Parker 544

Enjoy Good Food in the Outof- EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California COMPANY S. TOWNSEND

Wilshire Blvd. Stories, Poetry EDWARD 1324

Private Page of the Mormon Battalion John F. Richards 512 SADLERLosANDAngelesSANGSTON17, CaliforniaASSOCIATES

Grandma Parker's Ring Maxine Anderson Henrie 516 342 Madison Ave.

New York 17, N. Y.

Pioneer, Seeker, Elaine V. The Oh, Pioneer, Rhea Lou Emans

490 First Formal, Eloise Shea The Wade...533 30DAVISN. LaSalle& SONSSt.

Frontispiece, California Coast, Hackett 544 Chicago, Illinois

Catherine E. Berry 499 It Flowers in Compassion, Mabel

Poetry Page 500 Ruth Jackson 551 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IT'S ALL IN THE GAME

jjT'M very grateful to my Father in

I heaven, and I humbly thank him * for his guiding hand and for blessing me with the desires of my heart. Truly, I have never seen a

blessing fulfilled to the very letter as yours and Brother Cowley's,

Dad."This excerpt from a letter of Edward Hale in Japan to his family in the United States indicates by its very nature the attitude which many servicemen take and the problems that face many young men of our generation, for he has served on the island of Hokkaido in Japan, with the United States Army. Called into

the service in 1951, Edward was stationed at Camp Roberts before being shipped overseas in the early winter of 1952. While at Camp Roberts

he played basketball for the base.

This team won the world army championship for 195152. Almost

miraculously, after he reached Japan,

Organ special Wicks The services in special and placed he was for designed console and ashe was where to sent Hokkaido American Boston, the signed to the Chitose Special Troops. Guild of Organists Convention.

He again began playing basketball Details and price for this size competing with seventytwo other instrument gladly furnished.

teams. fltorTT: YOU CAN OWN

A WICKS PIPE ORGAN... at the price of imitations

There is nothing finer for Church or Tabernacle service than the WICKS ORGAN.... This instrument best

Edward fills the need of the organist. In each case, it is specifically

Hale built to meet the demands of the service for which it is intended.

The WICKS ORGAN is beautiful to see and to hear. It is a joy to play—and its low performance and mainMore than the good game Ed tenance costs will amaze you. Fortysix years of inplayed, his teammates and coach tensive research have resulted in this genuine pipe organ

were aware of his fine sportsmanlike giving to the world one of the great instruments of all attitude throughout the games. Let time. the Cavalier, paper for the cavalry, Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request).

here: story the from pick Leonard Dowling up Representative

1651 Ashland service Calif. and advice. Santa Monica, Please—for expertwrite topersonalthe nearest

.. Arthur G. All General smiles. Major

Chas. Melvin W. Dunn Hansen Lynn W. Gararden H. Vernon of the 1st General Trudeau, Commanding 1st 10708 Ave., 8th Ave. 603 AllenN.W. Donald Ave. 25 S. Mac Gate 98 Golden

presents 33, Cavalry Division, Washington Salt City, Utah Seattle Lake THE CAVALIER Mesa, Arizona 2, Calif. Francisco San

Sportsmanship Award to Edward Hale of

Chitose Special Troops. The presentation

was made shortly after the last game of the tournament. With some twentythree ZHe WICKS ORGAN

votes cast Hale achieved the award almost unanimously. Letters accompanied COMPANY

each vote explaining why their vote had Please write Dept. E-2 been made. Two letters stated, in part: WICKS

"Hale is an excellent sportsman on and off the court. He possesses a competitor's HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS (Continued on pgae 538) ORGANS

JULY 1953 493

ffe r.-ur-'t

/J u r#*<*V'

ONE THING MOST FAMILIES S /""#***$, &***l'i*tj***":**t:- HteJt'jf'"-&(HcJ&'Ae****/, *t*-."&&W'< &ztfyJ& -*Hrd>- *&***<&*?

&C<r- OF! NEVER GET ENOUGH

Fresh Berry Jams... just M

seem to disappear like magic in most house- &Mte?

holds. Everybody likes

them so much. But, it's

easy to keep supply up '!&$ toM.C.P.demandJAMwhenANDyouJELLYuse

PECTIN. Homemade

of only berry take minutes a matter jams

. so the M.C.P. they cost.. and much *m4 way

less and taste so much better than any you can buy. You don't have to be an "expert"

either. M.C.P. PECTIN'S tested recipes (in

every package) assure perfect results every time. It's fresh berry time now... and all

you need is 6 cups crushed berries, 8V2 C A-*-*-s..

cups sugar, and one 3'/2-oz. package of dependable M.C.P. JAM AND JELLY PECTIN::.::::.:::::::v:"":::.:':

to make 14 GLASSES of the most luscious jam anyone ever spread on their bread or toast.

THIS CREAMY FRENCH DRESSING

WILL NOT SEPARATE!

Pectin Does It!... That

is, use M.C.P. PECif you

TIN. the The Welfare Plan in 1861 will do No other

trick! Seems strange to

think of using pectin this way... but it's a plus by Peter C. Carlston

value you get with M.C.P.

JAM AND JELLY PECTIN.

The recipe was developed by the M.C.P. KitchLaboratory, en which is HThis interesting letter from Presinothing new has been added exfor unlooking always

usual uses sands have madefor allthisM.C.P.M.C.P.products.French DressThou- dent Brigham Young dated cept in their application to the

ing and pronounced it "wonderful". The April 9, 1861, confirms the pracconditions and needs of the day.

feature nonseparating particularly appeals; like tices and teachings of the Church Especially interesting is the clear also, the great economy. Maybe you'd

to make this fine recipe, too. If so, simply welfare plan in this day. All inteaching of Brigham Young that

to your request send Kitchen the M.C.P.

Laboratory, California. You'll Anaheim, get formed Latterday Saints underthe needy shall be helped and

the recipe promptly and without charge. stand that the welfare plan rests that they also be taught how to be

THE BIGGEST BEVERAGE BARGAIN upon the doctrines revealed to the selfsupporting. The letter reads

OF THEM ALL! Prophet Joseph Smith. To them as follows:

Homemade Lemonade...

so refreshing and wholesome... so inexpensive,

too, made with M.C.P.

CANNED LEMON JUICE. G.S.L. City, April 9, 1861.

One small can makes about 12 glasses at less Bishop A. Hoagland,

lhan 1/3 the cost of 12 14th Ward, City.

bottles of most popular soft drinks. And how

better for the much kids Dear Brother:

... for everyone... and so easy to make

or fuss, just water no muss and add—blackeyed, woman, a small, widow that I Huey, a Sister informed am

full sugar. M.C.P. pure, JUICE LEMON in is living house in br. Beatie's Africa, lately South children, from five in strength, rich Vitamin C. no with—iscontains

artificial preservatives (sulphur dioxide afsistance little land, some a and room, of house is in need and or your Ward, of benzoate convenient, so so living. earliest your to At her a start enabling make toward to give her a economical, so cooklemonade, soda).useful—forIt's

ing and baking, jam and jelly making, and convenience, I wish you to call upon her and see what afsistance she needs, other you'll many never ways wish—to and what aid can be rendered toward giving her a start to earn her own liveliit. not without the write be M.C.P. Why

Kitchen Laboratory, Anaheim, Calif., for a hood, and oblige,

FREE recipe folder? (There's M.C.P. Your Brother in the Gospel,

too. JUICE, FROZEN grocer If your LEMON

it for doesn't stock it, ask you.) /S/ Brigham Young him to get

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for fceffer reading, better living! A new (mtdReadhUj(M off*r

YES,,shownyou onarethisinvitedpageto foracceptonlyany$1.89,threewithof themembershipwonderful inbooksthe objectionableyou have beeninlookingany way,for! theRead,Familybelow,Readinghow theClubClubis bringsjust whatyou

family Reading Club. Founded to select and distribute books the very finest new books at bargain prices. Then mail the coupon

which are worthwhile, interesting and entertaining without being to join the Club and get the three books you want, without delay!

CHOOSE ANY THREE OF THESE FINE BOOKS

THE SILVER CHALICE Trior nd ikeBorn hart

By Thomas B. Costain DESK DICTIONARY

novel adventure, of towering A really book. comprehensive Conlove, A

literature's faith with passion and illustrations, tains 80,000 700 birth of Christhe greatest theme written,—pages. modern, 900 Newlyentries,

storybest-loved tianity America's antoaccurate. synonyms, Includes

teller. edition, $3.85.!Pub.By origins. complete word nyms,

BIBLE LIVING THE PETER CALLED A MAN Ballon Robert by O. Edited Catherine Marshall By histories and the of Many life story the of This minin type big the of passages stories,Bible—set ister will loved was by whowonderful

. as appear Psalms reading. easy

life, inspire of your doors newmillions remain the Great Words but forpoems faith. find will hope yourand Youopen edition, $3.75. Pub. unchanged.

it calling self book.""my

THE SOJOURNER SNIPS SNAILS AND

Ratvlings Marjorie Kinnan By Louise Baker By different two Ben and more Ase—with a Miss Baker coped group How never one woman men

of highspirited while "angels"she loved chose between Howlived—yet

at teaching an exclusive school boys'is told Prize Pulitzer by both.now them

a out story hilarious makes West you of author Yearling."winning "Thethe

won't to ed., $3.00. want miss! Pub.

AUDUBON BIRD GUIDES By Richard H. Pough

All the land and water birds east of the Rockies are described and illustrared with almost 1,000 glorious fullcolor pictures. Set of two volumes.

Publisher's edition, $6.50.

MAIL COUPON NOW/ OFFER! THIS SENSATIONAL MAKE WEWHY

retain as four year to each your this few Family Reading ClubThe makes membership with THE CHECK selections BOOKS are All 3 YOU new, comoffer WANT membership. to unusual demonstrate how memwell-printed wellbound. and in And bership the best Club the you 7-ER, Dept. FAMILY CLUB, READING MINEOLA, YORK NEW will delivered plete,your your to door books be enjoyable at books and most newbrings much Please I at send the once three books checked have me read! less to—ready editions! publishers'regular the than Bird Audobon at the right first as Gift two Books and Membership my publishers they to books submitEach month Save Up 60% bill (set) selection, Club Guides only (plus delivery) for and me will believe Family of Reading the the meet books Club from purchase The all three. Also enroll of as the a Family $1.89member me select Editors standards. for Club then only $1.89 of to $3.00 Our each—instead Reading Club send and each me, month, review of a in Christ Poetry in the they enoriginal book can most $4.00 the editions recommend Club's the forthcoming selection. I privilege the have thusiastically. are which books These—saves to each on* frompublishers'you 35% 50% notifying in if I advance you to not wish accept do

Creative can every readIn accept. your addition, Family of family the book member Homo you selection, ofany alternate or the book special offered—at

inspirational novels, biographies distributes outstanding an and Club Reading price members'of only (plus each Decorating postage and as free outstanding authors four such each Club "Bonus"by Book handling). are There fees, $1.89membership no or dues and

Oursler, value selections I Fulton of Costain, take. the Maryou booksThomas accept as as forWhen four few selections may or alternates Atlas Hammond's is in, figured Teilhet jorie Rawlings, Darwin the you can during Bonus Kinnan Books the twelve coming will months. I As a member,

receive dollars! are free Partridge. books as of as a They save Bellamy and your book much Bonus with selecfour 60% each Book Club

Living Bible The chilolder tions safely leave I you can alternates or where accept. Join Send Money—No Now

if wish. read they can dren them in. If will believe club a book which you SPECIAL NORISK GUARANTEE:

Called Peter If A Man finest not I instincts all of will every You Membership Means to To return the books appea* What In let is in days family, 7 this of will for introduce anddelighted, your us membership charge canceled. There be membership no member

cost Family the the to Club Family Club beyond Reading Reading you the Chalice Silver NOW, The Mr. Q only of while themselves. choice get of your the can pay books you You ANY Mrs

(plus- $1.89 handling) of described the postage wonderful books and each THREE Miss Snips and Snails (Please print) reading after here for your as—books'purchase the Membership you two Street and No., FREEfirst selection review as which the magazine your and Club one book

Sojourner The for $1.89! only Gift,—just willpay money, month. to Send your each You come home no

City. Zone. State bill will due nothing; mail your be today. as the However, coupon postman

in Canada. is offer ThorndikeBarnhart It necessary to at purchase a unusual withdrawn be may

105 [SameAddress Bondoffer Toronto thisanyI time, accept. to as the mail urge every you we notmonth—you later.book may couponNOW Dictionary Desk only in Offer good S. A. and U.St., Canada.2, Ont.

CLUB FAMILY MINEOLA, READING YORK NEW

JULY 1953 495 the Church moves On A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

School Union. He had previously been practising dentist, filled a mission in

April 1953 a member of that board from 1940 to the Central States from 1917 to 1920.

1950. of the Later bishop Malad he was

of the R. President s\ Milton Hunter a

years. for three (Idaho) Second Ward First of dedithe Seventy Council + Clark, President Jr., n Reuben J. as misof his the appointment time At

of cated (Florida) the the chapel Miami '* of the First Presidency dedicated in a counselor president, sion he was Mission. States Branch, Southern Second the of remodeled the chapel Laketown priests'of Highland the presidency high

tour, in this PresiPreviously mission Bear Stake. Ward, Lake (Utah) he (Salt Stake. Previously City) Lake in dedicated dent chapels had Hunter Clifford Elder E. to Assistant Young, of of council a the high was memberthe Branch, Burlington Branch, Durham of the the Council Twelve, dedicated for years. stake, wife, that His twelve Bern Branch, Rocky and MountNew of the chapel the Escondido Branch, Richards, second Mrs. Florence coun- H. all in state the Branch, of CaroNorth California Mission. selor of in the general presidency the

lina; Vista Branch, Portsmouth Buena

}. Elder Arthur Barlocher sustained Association, will over preside Primary

all Branch, Branch, and Newport News as president of (UtahNevada) Uvada activities in the mission. the women's in Virginia; Springs Sulphur and White Stake, succeeding President -Daniel J.

Branch, West Virginia. Ronnow. President Barlocher's coun- O O Elder Stayner Richards, Assistant

selors are Elders Nelson Church Bleak to the Council of the Twelve, died and Alva McKay Mickelsen. Released in Salt Lake City, following a short

May 1953 with President Ronnow were his counillness. He was sixtyseven years of

Elders Marion K. Stewart and J. age.

University announced Brigham Young Alfred Hansen. 8 PresidentFirst CouncilMiltonof theR. HunterSeventy ofdedithe selors, program, building dollar a ten million

cated the addition to the chapel of the s\ -j Elder Irvin B. Romney sustained with some of the construction to begin

Wesconnett Ward, Florida Stake. "J- as president of the Juarez (Mexico) this summer. The expansion program

Stake, with Elders Daniel Pierce Taylor will be in two parts—to house students

dediPresident David O. McKay other buildadministration and for and and Melvin Isaac Turley as counselors. 8

of the the nurses'cated home research. for classwork and Dr. President succeeds President ings Romney

W. H. Groves L.D.S. Hospital in Salt Claudious Bowman, recently called to

of carrying train many Ojj A specialLake City. preside over Mission. the Mexican

sevAuthorities General and "the President counselors, Elders Bowman's -| a President David O. McKay dediWilford M. Farnsworth and E. Seville eral hundred others departed from Salt

1 "cated the chapel of the Ogden Hatch, were also released. Lake City for Omaha, Nebraska, to atTwenty-ninth Ward, Ben Lomond tend the dedication of the Mormon

(Utah) Stake. President David O. McKay dePioneer Memorial Bridge, which spans

Elder Matthew Cowley of the Coun22 livered the commencement day the Missouri River. A cavalcade of

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of address at the Branch Agricultural chartered busses carrying members and the Lovell Ward, Big Horn (Wyoming) College, Cedar City, Utah. friends of the Sons of Utah Pioneers

Stake. started out the day before.

Elder LeGrand Richards of the Coun- a i\ With the cooperation of the auxilNo members of the General Authorcil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel ""iary organizations of the Church, ities were assigned to attend the sessions of the Hayward Ward, Oakland (Calithe general Church music committee is of stake conferences held this weekend fornia) Stake. instituting a "hymn of the month"probecause of the bridge dedication.

gram, Us, announced. "Guide it was O

of the held wards arrived Many railroad train special 1 The is first the Great Jehovah,"Mother's Thou hymn -*- services their in Schools. "Day Sunday for the twoNebraska in Omaha, it is selected; in to be used June.

day dedicatory exercises for the Mormon

service was held in theU ElderpresidentArwellof theLeeMexicanPierce,Mission,former "ft m* ElderCouncil Matthewof the TwelveCowleydedicatedof the PioneerA specialMemorial Bridge.

was set apart as president of the Arizona the rebuilt chapel of the Belvedere Winter Quarters cemetery, Florence,

Temple, succeeding the late President Ward, Wells (Salt Lake City) Stake. Nebraska, under the direction of the

L. afternoon. First the Payne. Presidency duringHarry

fire. chapel destroyed This had been by

also the meeting, public under A Sister missionaries, Elder Four and of Elder Richards the LeGrand CounFirst Presidency, direction of the was F. ofE. Salt City, Elder Allen and Lake cil of the dedicated chapel the Twelve

in Coliseum, the held Aksarben Omaha. Sister of Logan, Michaelsonand Thomas of the Hills Hillside Colonial Ward,

historical a followed This by was after reported safe aUtah, were tornado (Salt Stake. City) Lake

of trek depicting the pageant westward field struck their Texas, ofhad Waco, E. Clifford Elder Assistant to Young,

Saints. thouestimated seven the Anlabor. the Council dedicated of the Twelve, this in persons coliseum whose sand were

of the chapel is the reversal of the Aksarben, the Filer Branch, Twin name,

Falls Stake. (Idaho) spelling of Nebraska.Inv This124th Saturdayanniversaryandof Sunday,the restorathe

B. Elder the Council Harold Lee oftion First Presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood was a announced The O of bacdelivered the the Twelvecelebrated. ""the appointment of Dr. Lorin L. calaureate graduating before the sermon

It was announced that Elder Marion Richards as president of the Great class of the Utah State Agricultural

G. Merkley had been appointed to the Lakes Mission, succeeding President College, Logan, Utah.

general board of the Deseret Sunday Carl C. Burton. President Richards, a (Concluded on page 524)

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

VACATION WITH DIVIDENDS

By Sylvia W. Dixon

sacrathe home. outside The guidjust the with concernedAjstyone joined everyone recogwas passed; ment of youth teaching ance and

| nizes the value of a literal in song; and many interesting visitors

example. In even the earliest years were called upon as speakers. With

the young learn by listening and everything in the open, face to face watching. It is then logical to reawith nature, came a realization of

son that one of the simplest ways to what God meant a world to be. The

awaken in our young people the home has been modernized, but the realization of an eternal life is to "rock"still stands. So, too, does the

present them with an opportunity to rich heritage which Elder McDonald watch nature. The Y.W.M.I.A. is and his family have bequeathed to

charged with this responsibility all who have the privilege of vacatrying to provide a "camping expetioning here.

rience for every girl from twelve Nowadays the girls from twentythrough nineteen."They know that two Salt Lake stakes come into the

in the canyons a girl can find corhome on Tuesday of each week and roboration of all she has been taught. stay from three to seven days. They The beauty of a virginal forest in the are divided into seven units of CANNING WAX

dignified process of creation, the twenty girls each, headed by a coun- A new, modern, thermoplastic wax that struggle for existence, the new shoots selor who mothers them, plays with antiquates paraffin.

protected by boughs of strength, the them, and kneels to pray with them.

recreation and death, the decay, the day they During have a wide Thereyou usewillSureSeal.be no more "weeping"when

it there is all by placed opportunities, recreational of the greatest variety *

Form. Teacher of them all for the verificaincluding volleyball, badminton, pingIn Convenient Pellet

faith. of our tion scenic riding, horseback and pong, the green loveliness into Tucked lift. ski in home the famous For The first major improvement rides on

of a mountain hillside, the Salt Lake the less aggressive there are all kinds canning wax. You can ALWAYS depend

M.I. A. Girls'Home placidly surveys of handicrafts, and most of the girls on the seal with SURESEAL

little valley * of the verdant the beauty boondoggling, have than oldfashioned it costs no more figurines, or And has home Here the Brighton. called other creations to take home. Paraffin!

watched the miracle of springtime up each During week the girls particithe turning of many years through events. HAVE FUN funprovoking in many solace pate soft, comforting felt the has

with oneness a sense of develop They of winter. coverlet silent, of the snowy WHILE YOU CAN executing planning this kind and by and beams broad after the year Year also used for be SureSeal can projects. entertaining wholesome, Of shuddered cracked rafters and have or sculpturing molding, modeling,

in the cold, empty darkness of great popularity are the skit and candle - making. It's clean and

use. abandonment, only to yield again to drama nights. On Thursday night, pleasant to

girls credit receive M.I. A. is held, and - Seal wonderful Sure a makes of sun summer saturating warmth the

for material party molding games stakes represented attending. The as the for for surely girlish gaiety, and children. for or

to turns priesthood the providing retake in old home, turn, the seasons It is excellent for novelty making officiate sacraat School Sunday and to its one spirit, doors opens that candles can newed \ \ perhaps meetings, most and ment sold for ward during girls fifty every week hundred raising bemoney inspirational are testimony the meetmonths. the summer drives.

girls this ings. the In hour are bound been has Brighton Home The

hostess to Latterday Saint girls back close by humility, faith, and budding through the pages of thirty years'testimonies.

history. In the early days the sons On the Brownie Llike, in the satisof J. G. McDonald, known to all as fying grace of friendship, the girls

the "Bishop of Brighton,"would sadwalk the moonlit trails in the mid- *e-Se dle their horses and ride through the night breezes, singing together while canyon announcing the Sunday the shadows grow soft with sleep that

School services held "on the rock"will wake again in laughing day. ASK

YOUR GROCER f*SURESEAL

.'..1!v ft. For information write

SURESEAL CORPORATION P. 0. Box 863—Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY 1953 497 Richards. While here, he was sustained at the October conference as

an Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve. He soon returned to his

labors - in Europe, where as president of the British Mission, he made many of the arrangements for the visit of President David O. McKay to

Europe during the summer of 1952.

His mission completed, he returned to Salt Lake City to take up his duties in the Church Offices.

He was an able speaker, and those who listened caught his enthusiasm in the work and the labor of the restored gospel.

He was born in Salt Lake City December 20, 1885, a son of Dr.

Stephen L. and Emma Louise Stayner

Richards. He was one of ten

brothers and sisters. His elder

brother is President Stephen L Richards of the First Presidency. Elder

Stayner Richards was a member of the University of Utah graduating class of 1907. As a student body

officer that year, he participated in the construction of the block "U"on the hillside near the campus, which has become a landmark in the valley, and has been copied by many universities and colleges throughout the land.

Elder Richards married Jane Foote

Taylor on December 20, 1910. They

ELDER STAYNER RICHARDS were the parents of three sons and three daughters. Sister Richards and

their five children survive him, as do three brothers, one sister, and fifteen grandchildren. Elder Stayner Richards

Funeral services for Elder Richards 18851953 wereTempleheldSquare,in theJuneAssembly3. The Hallserviceson

were conducted by President J.

Church membership the world over British Isles in 1908. He served as Reuben Clark, Jr. of the First Presiwas saddened Thursday, May 28, a member of the bishopric of the dency. Speakers included Bishop

to learn of the sudden death of Sugar House Ward, and when the Sterling H. Nelson of the South HighElder Stayner Richards, Assistant to Highland Park Ward was created land Park Ward, a longtime friend

the Council of the Twelve. He had in December 1916, he was ordained and associate of Elder Richards;

been in southern California the weekto preside as bishop of the ward. Elder Hugh B. Brown, with whom

end of May 24, where he represented There he served until 1928, when he Elder Richards served as a counselor the General Authorities at the quarwas called as a counselor in the in the Granite Stake presidency and terly conference of the San Fernando Granite Stake presidency. former president of the British MisStake, and was taken seriously ill on With the organization of the Highsion; Elder George Q. Morris, Asthe train as he returned home. He land Stake in September 1936 he was sistant to the Council of the Twelve;

was rushed to the hospital, where his called as a member of that stake's Elder LeGrand Richards of the Counillness was diagnosed as inflammation high council. In 1937 he was set cil of the Twelve; and President J.

of the pancreas gland. apart as president of the Highland Reuben Clark, Jr. President McKay

Elder Richards, who was sustained Stake of Zion, where he served until was in Washington, D. C, attending

as an Assistant to the Council of the December 1949, when he was called a conference of the U. S. State DeTwelve during the October conferas president of the British Mission. partment as an invited guest. He had

ence of 1951, had long been a power In the fall of 1951, he returned to written a letter of tribute to Elder for good in the Church. He answered Salt Lake City, following the sudden Richards, which President Clark read

a call to labor as a missionary in the death of his son, Robert Stayner at the funeral.

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Hal Rumel Photo

ornia (ooast

<7.he blue Pacific beats upon these rocks,

While sunlight makes pale silver of each wave,

Each twisted tree the wind has bent at will

Still clings to bits of earth, defiant, brave.

This is a rugged shore; each rockbound cove

Has seen the galleons of pirates slip

Silently at dusk in from the sea,

Marauders of the deep—but sunbeams dip

Against no prowling ships on this bright day,

For that is in the past, but memories

Still haunt this bit of coastline, linger here,

Like lonely phantoms from lost centuries.

Catherine E. Berry

JULY 1953 499 REBIRTH BOY BY A STREAM SUMMER TIME

By Vesta Nickerson Lukei By Pauline Havard By Mrs. L. Beck

of very are small, statue repose, happy I know, bronze is born again with each new T Te sits-—a You,Thechild,world lake, the beside to his afraid wiggle In your toes bare camp * "Almost

Is rediscovered by its waking eyes For fear he drive away the wily trout. But you left one thing behind you

That slowly grow aware with vague surAcross the fields he hears his father's shout, Just a funny sort of ache!

prise But what is time in lazy anglingweather? Sometimes you were rough and noisy,

Of light and shades of gray, till beauty When spirea waves its delicate, white Banging on the kitchen door, mild feather Calling to your friends and playmates,

With dawning color flares in all its hues. Of bloom in a small breeze, and windpuffs Tracking mud across the floor;

Adventure waits in every sight and sound, stir But I miss your happy laughter,

And motion seen or felt is joy newfound. The little stream's blue water, and the whir Bouncing ball, and whizzing plane,

The traveler in an unknown land sees views Of heronwings is close?—And now, a fish And I'm longing for the moment

Less strange and new than those each day Tugs on his line, and he has got his wish, When I have you home again.

unfurled And runs home where the meadowgrasses

Before a child within its recessed world. part, ANTIQUE SHOP

With wings upon his heels and on his

LITTLE HILL heart! By Georgia Moore Eberling

By Ethel ]acobson THE OVERPOWERING GUEST ere treasures from a dim and hidden H past me how uncertain and how briefHere the windblown daisy By Clara Aiken Speer Remind

Lifts a gamin face; Is life. Here are the frail things that

comes, with fullblown the pungent,Here outlast dusty smell NOWheartiness,summer Anne's lace,Of Queen The owner's hands. They speak of joy

The stubborn tufts of thistle Backslapping laughter, flaunting, gay print or grief

On a stony, crumbling ledge; dress; And all the story of the years unfold....

Here is more than lies behind Puts wreaths of fruit and flowers in her A young girl's slender fingers must have

Your clippered garden hedge. hair; swayed

And bustles round with energy to spare. This black lace fan, and worn these rings

WHO LOVES MOUNTAINS of gold;

answer with these agate marbles small lads warmth with warmth and And We By Gilean Douglas greet the guest played.

sewingtable of bid her welcome, welcome and thrice That cherrywood And made

Shores that know the salt wind's breath, blest mother's busy polished by some Was

You are less than halfspun dream For all her lavish gifts, halfshamedly hand,

To one who tasted acrid death knowing And in her room this small quaint desk

Where the golden eagles scream. We will be just as glad to see her going. once stood,

The wide ring may have been her wedding the heart's dear home found one whoTo sky by hill, and walledRoofed by..she. ever used to stop LIFE GOES TO PRESS BUT ONCE I wonderband. if

this fantasyAll of foam Carter Yost By Frances look at treasures in some oldstyle And life'sIs a weak codicil. shop?

calendars as and on clocks ho looks true apes sun, in the that sandNot of sea, the in Wastesw midnight not his moments like discarded LIFE IS NOT MEASURED JUST BYNot

Can you rest the bones of one food, YEARS

Who loves mountains passionately. Nor blindly shrinks from life, a cowering By W. O. Robinson

prude. that years 'HE and pass do not come for earthly are years but a few *t one HAPPINESS DRESSED The -*- reveal age, truth In our grave's in the rendezwith time Compared

By Helen Reed Moffitt vous. For years may bring just "passing time"

What joy to hold rapt converse with a A dull and soulless page.

It's a clean white blouse that Morning book wears, Or walk with winds by fronded fern or Or we may live beyond the years

All washed and ironed of Yesterday's cares. brook. Of number so and so,

Sky blue's wide ribbon with laughs for a Could one cast rancor from him as a shrew, For some, compared to others, live bow Bury insensate rage and hovering fears, Ten times the years that go.

Ties Noontime's waist discreetly to show Erase blunt words or leaven them with

That Midday's full dress is gaily trimmed tact, It must be that there comes a flame

With tucks of joy and neatly hemmed. And cleanse the soul with penitential tears? That burns soul deep within,

Each lucent minute bead with some kind And brings new joys supremely sweet

On Evening's pink skirt excitement is sewn, act. To add to what has been.

when Life's platen goes to press but once. The

The green stripe of Night, with romance prize Yes, joys that lift to starry heights the trim. Of after life is earned, in mortal state! Of life's great ecstasies

Every twentyfour hours are completely atAnd turn the blare and crash of earth tired.

If they're happinessdressed, no change is TOMORROW Into sweet melodies.

required. By Lalia Mitchell Thornton For life's not timed just by a clock

Or by the years that bind, of the cross you have known richly lived, emotions pain But by vain; for treasuretrove in their kind. Their WHENCE? WhenOr sought and number

By Maude O. Cook When loss and grief have supped with you,

And one you trusted proved untrue. So, though time takes its wandering course

* I 'he Master Artist must have dipped Remember that beyond the gates Through days of joy and strife, - His brush in heaven's dyes; Of your today, tomorrow waits. The heights we scale toward heavenly

Where else could he have found the hues And holding courage to your breast stars

That color sunset skies? You may find good you never guessed. Proclaim our "span of life."

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,.3\2>A2v9sJX3\3\3v?\3\3V7\X>X

m

Questions—and Faith

by President David O. McKay

recall A conversation of some years ago philosophy of living. I accept them whole-

1 with a student who came to inquire for heartedly. I love to study them. I like to

guidance and to seek possible help. This teach them.

particular young man was very much perturbed So it is with the Church which Christ has in his feelings. He had heard in one of his established. Since it is founded by the Perfect

classes several imputations that seemed to conOne, it follows, that when properly interpreted, flict with his ideas of religion. One of the it, too, approaches perfection. Every phase of

latest, for example, was this: His teacher had it, therefore, seems to me to be applicable in

said that the principle of "fasting is a relic some way to the welfare of the human family.

of asceticism."I immediately asked him if he Such faith in the Great Teacher and in his

had ever thought that asceticism as related to Church I consider a safe and essential anchor fasting might be the prostitution of a worthy for young people to possess, and I freely take principle. He said he hadn't considered that issue with any man who deliberately destroys

phase of the question. such faith without offering something better

Before commenting further upon this conin its place; and I know of nothing else in the

versation, I desire to express a few thoughts world that can even approach Christ's Church in relation to the adequacy of this Church in as an anchor for the soul.

supplying the needs of every human heart. An There are occasionally men in the profesappreciation of the whole will make more imsion of teaching—as this is my profession, I

pressive the importance of any particular part: can speak plainly—who pride themselves on

The teachings and life of the Master never being iconoclasts; but, unfortunately, when

before seemed to me more beautiful, more necessuch teachers break their socalled images, they sary, and more applicable to human happiness. supply nothing to replace them. They destroy

Never have I believed more firmly in the perideals but offer no others, thus leaving the fection of humanity as the final result of man's young in doubt and uncertainty. Such a one

placement here on earth. With my whole seems to me to be heaving anchor and starting

soul I accept Jesus Christ as the personification out on the ocean of life before his course is of human perfection and as the Savior and even charted. Even a teacher may himself

Redeemer of mankind. "Other men may seem become warped in his attitude toward what he

to be children of their surroundings. He bemight look upon as merely a dogma.

came what he was despite his surroundings, Every principle and ordinance of the gosand he is the only one who can say, in truth: ple may be attacked from one angle or another

'Do as I have done.'"as a mere "ism,"but it may also be considered

Accepting him as my Redeemer, Savior, as possessing elements of soul growth, beauty,

Lord, it is but logical that I accept his gospel and sublimity. Every tenet and teaching of

as the plan of salvation, as the one perfect the Church—every one—when properly inway to happiness and peace. There is not a terpreted and applied, has in it a saving power

principle which was taught by him but seems and blessing for all who will accept it. Each

to me to be applicable to the growth, developone properly considered and properly applied ment, and happiness of mankind. Every one will serve the needs, the education, the peace

of his teachings seems to touch the true of individuals. (Concluded on following page)

W>&>C>CiC>CzCzCzGXCiCzCzCi tt&QCzCzQCs eJ Jl4 l/l/UI *J JCfLt/

JULY 1953 501 The EditOr'S PaC (Concluded from preceding page)

I cite the conversation on fasting because it will, the psychologist William James admonishes illustrates two things: "To do each day something which you do not

First, insinuations made to the young who like to do."If there were no other virtue in fastare yet undecided as to what are the most ing but gaining strength of character, that alone

important things in life may shake the faith of would be sufficient justification for its universal youth, and "Youth without faith is a day without acceptance.

sun. But associated with this practice in the Church

Secondly, I cite that instance to bring home to of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is the giving us today the necessity of parents and officers in of a fast offering, the underlying purpose and the Church teaching more earnestly and dilifar-reaching benefits of which make the monthly gently the principles of life and salvation to the observance of fast day one of the most significant youth of Zion in order to keep them properly features of this latterday work. Besides the

balanced through the formative period of their benefits already mentioned there are: First, all

lives. the spiritual uplift that comes from a Christlike

It is well not only for church members but for desire to serve one's fellow men; and second, an

educators everywhere when teaching the young economic means which when carried out by an to have in mind the three "C's"as well as the effective and active organization, will supply the three "R's"mentioned so proverbially. By those needs of the worthy poor within the confines of

three "C's"I mean character, conduct, citizenthe organized branches of the Church.

ship. The teaching of religion in public schools The regularly constituted fast consists of abis prohibited, but the teaching of character and stinence from eating two meals once each month.

citizenship is required. The value of these two meals is given as a volunNow consider for a moment this principle of tary donation for the relief of those who are

fasting. It is as old as the human race and unhungry or otherwise in distress. Sincere observ-i

doubtedly when first practised was related to ance of this rule means spiritually that the divine health. It is generally conceded that most people principle of service is expressed, the resultant

usually consume more food than the body repromise of the Master is merited, "... Inasmuch

quires. Overeating clogs the system with deleterias ye have done it unto one of the least of these my

ous waste products. When such a condition brethren, ye have done it unto me."(Matt.

exists, a short fast is useful as a means of restor25:40.)

state. active to its normal ing One the body

of this take phase and Church any So you may great thing this says, to referring authority "The its field its in the particular in prove potency about the fast is that it sets you a new standard of advancement of the individual, in the happiness physician Scotch health."an eminent And adds, and peace of the home, in the progress, safety,

shorter period is often or a a longer "Fasting for and perpetuity of society.

a beneficial practice especially in the case of those is more who have been living too freely."One great need in the world today

But besides this there is the spiritual strength faith, less skepticism, more confidence, less doubtderived from the subjecting of the physical appeing. As Bruce Barton expresses it: "Faith in

tite to the will of the individual. "He who reigns business, faith in country, faith in one's self,

within himself and rules passions, desires, and fears faith in other people—this is the power which

is it unreasonable to is more than king."As in eternal life, so in selfmoves the world. And why

mastery, there is no one great thing which a believe that this power, which is so much stronger man may do to obtain it; but there are many little than any other, is merely a fragment of the great

things by observing which selfcontrol may be power that operates the universe?"

achieved. And a subjecting of the appetite to May teachers and parents unite in impressing

the will and a refusal to satisfy desire are two of youth particularly to be loyal to that which we these little things. Writing on this very question, know is good for humanity and contributive to

the subjection of appetites and desires to the eternal salvation.

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Youn uestton

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

President Joseph Fielding Smith

The Savior and Adam in the Preexistence

""The following communication was received from 2:22) we are positively informed that Adam would

a branch president in an isolated community have lived forever in the garden if he had not in one of our neighboring states. partaken of the forbidden fruit. So Adam was in

"May I ask you a question for the benefit of no sense mortal until after his transgression. That

some members of our branch? his immortal spirit came from another world is

"Did the Savior and Adam exist on another verily true, just as it is true of each one of us, planet as mortal beings before they came to this for we all lived in the spirit existence before we earth? came into this world and obtained bodies which

"These people say that Brigham Young states inherited mortality through the fall of Adam.

are also informed in the scriptures that bethat Adam was brought from another planet, with We a mortal body, and that the Savior came with a fore Adam and Eve transgressed they were withresurrected body because he said that he had out children, and the fall was essential to the their of earth with the offspring. When power to lay down his life and power to take it peopling of the to the consequences relation in the truth

up again, and inasmuch as the Savior states he fall were made known to Adam and Eve, they had helped to create other worlds that he had to rejoiced, and Eve said: "... Were it not for our

be a resurrected being to organize an earth. transgression we never should have had seed, and

"I am satisfied from the scriptures we have that never should have known good and evil, and the

Adam and the Savior were just the same in the joy of our redemption, and the eternal life which preexistence as we were and that Adam had only God giveth unto all the obedient."(Moses 5:11.)

a spiritual body until God organized a body for Lehi also understood this truth, and he said:

him, and that the Savior had only a spiritual "Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that

body until he was born of a mortal mother; but I they might have joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.)

want authority from you. In an article published in The Improvement

"Sincerely your brother."Era (Vol. 13:7581) President Joseph F. Smith

and his counselors John R. Winder and Anthon

We will treat the question of Adam first. H. Lund said the following in relation to Adam:

Adam was among the intelligences spoken of "Adam; our progenitor; the first man, was,

by the Lord to Abraham who were appointed like Christ, a preexistent spirit, and like Christ to be rulers on this earth. He was Michael, a he took upon him an appropriate body, the body

prince, and son of God chosen to come to this of a man, a 'living soul.'The doctrine of the preearth and stand at the head of his posterity, holdexistence—revealed so plainly, particularly in lating the "keys of salvation under the counsel and ter a wonderful flood of light upon days—pours

otherwise mysterious problem of man's origin. direction of the Holy One, who is without bethe

ginning of days or end of life."(D. & C. 78:16.) It shows that man, as a spirit, was begotten and

This Holy One is Jesus Christ. On the earth born of heavenly parents, and reared to maturity

Michael was known as Adam. In the preexistent in the eternal mansions of the Father, prior to

state he was a spirit like the others of our Father's coming upon the earth in a temporal body to children. In the Book of Genesis (1:26 and 2:7), undergo experience in mortality. It teaches that

we are told that Adam obtained his body from the all men existed in the spirit before any man exdust of the earth, and that he was not subject to isted in the flesh, and that all who have inhabited death is inferred in the commandment the Lord the earth since Adam have taken bodies and begave him, that if he transgressed the divine comcome souls in like manner.

mandment and ate the fruit of the tree of the "It is held by some that Adam was not the knowledge of good and evil, he should surely die. first man upon this earth, and that the original

(Gen. 2:17.) In the Book of Mormon (2 Nephi (Continued on page 549)

JULY 1953 503 A childhood picture of A high school photograph Louisa Emehne Bingham Lee, Samuel Marion Lee, father

Harold B. Lee. taken of Elder Lee. mother of Harold B. Lee. of Elder Lee.

to the character of HUMILITY BEFORE GODthe key

Harold b. lee. apostle of the lord

by Marion G. Romney

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Iarold B. Lee is a powerful man time I came to know and I received lessness before men—is the key to his

in modern Israel. The source of a peace and a direction, and a comcharacter. His ministry is characterhis strength is in his knowledge fort, and an inspiration, that told me ized by an uncommon originality and

that he lives in the shadow of the things to come and gave me impresdaring. He is not hampered and

Almighty. To him, his Heavenly sions that I knew were from a direstricted by the learning of the world

Father is a senior partner, daily givvine source."(Ibid., October 1946, p. and the forms of men. We, who sit

ing him guidance. His contacts with 146.) with him daily, are frequently startled

heaven are direct and regular. In responding to his call to the by the scope of his vision and the

To him the gospel of Jesus Christ Council of the Twelve, he said: depth of his understanding. With

is eternal truth, and he finds therein "Since nine o'clock last night I have forthrightness, he separates the wheat the solution to every human problem. lived an entire lifetime in retrospect from the chaff and comes directly to

"The dispensation in which you and and in prospect.... Throughout the the truth.

I live,"says he, "is intended to night, as I thought of this most ap- I first met him about twenty years be a demonstration of the power and palling and soulstirring assignment, ago. Across a back lot, I ran at

effectiveness of the gospel of Jesus there kept coming to me the words noontime to the neighborhood groChrist to meet [our] everyday probof the Apostle Paul, 'Let us therefore cery store. The operator introduced

lems here and now."(Conference Recome boldly unto the throne of grace, me to his brotherin-law, Harold B.

port, October 1941, p. 110.) that we may obtain mercy, and find Lee. He was then, as always, in

This conviction has come to him grace to help in time of need.'... the service of others. Dressed in

out of his own experiences, as witTherefore I shall take the word of the striped coveralls, his left hand on his to his right out breast, reached he are there "I following:ness the know I shall boldly Paul. Apostle come

his Captivated by hand. shake my to close that one canpowers draw

of ask grace the and throne unto I had presence,..... I knew. magnetic fills love. his heart withwho

to help grace for mercy and his me friend. a found to ago, night, years a someI came

when on my bed, I realised that bein my time of need. With that help I soon thereafter learned that he

fore I could be worthy of the high I cannot fail. Without it I cannot lived in a modest cottage on Indiana

place to which I had been called, I succeed."(Ibid., April 1941, pp. 119Avenue. It was equipped in part

must love and forgive every soul 120.) with furniture fashioned by his own

histhat walked the earth, and in that Humility before God—and fearhands and furnishings made by

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA accomplished wife, Fern. That humble by his people could, by their own as you know, what it means to walk

home was hallowed by the love he efforts and the help of their brethren when you have not the money to bore for his sweetheart and two in the Church, be supplied the necesride. I know what it means to go

brighteyed little girls, Maurine and sities of life. By light from heaven without meals to buy a book to go

Helen. he was directed. Through building to the university. I thank God now

The country was then in the midst projects, production projects, and a for these experiences. I have loved

of the great depression of the 1930's. variety of other rehabilitation activiyou because of your devotion and

Harold was president of Pioneer ties, he gave a demonstration of love faith. God bless you that you won't

Stake. Few people in the Church for his fellow men seldom equaled in fail."{Ibid., April 1951, p. 122.)

were more severely punished by want any generation. In the view of destiny, Harold B.

and discouragement than were the Those who were close to him in Lee's experience caring for the people members of his stake. Although those dark days know that he wept of his stake was in preparation for

harassed with problems incident to over the sufferings of his people. But things to come—his call to a wider

securing for himself and his loved more than that, he did something service in the general Church welfare ones the necessities of life, he grappled for them. program. "On April 20, 1935,"he

mightily with the larger problem of For his efforts in this one phase says, "I was called to the office of looking after the needs of his total of his life's activities alone, he richly the First Presidency.... My humble

stake membership. merited the honorary Doctor of place in this [welfare] program at

Many there were in that day who, Humanities degree recently awarded that time was described. I left there

having faltered, turned to state and to him by the Utah State Agriculabout noontime (and) drove... to

federal governments for help. Harold tural College. The field in which the the head of City Creek Canyon. I

B. Lee was not among them. Taking doctorate was awarded—humanities got out, after I had driven as far as

the Lord at his word, that man—could not have been more appro- I could, and I walked up through the

should earn his bread in the sweat priately chosen, for with all his heart trees. I sought my Heavenly Father.

of his face (See Gen. 3:19), and behe loves and serves his fellow men. As I sat down to pore over this matlieving that "all things are possible He loves the poor, for he has been ter, wondering about an organization

to him that believeth,"(Mark 9:23), one of them. "I have loved you. to be perfected to carry on this work,

he struck out boldly with the fear- I have come to know you intimately. I received a testimony, on that beautiless ingenuity and courage of a BrigYour problems, thank the Lord, have ful spring afternoon, that God had

ham Young, to pioneer a way wherebeen my problems, because I know, {Continued on following page)

Elder Lee deep sea fishing off the coast of Florida. Elder Lee, being entertained at a luau in Hawaii, 1945.

JULY 1953 505 Church introducing and organizing the welfare plan.

Sunday morning, April 6, 1941,

Harold Bingham Lee was unanimously sustained a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles by the

Church in general conference assembled. The following Thursday,

April 10, President Heber J. Grant

ordained and set him apart to that high office. He was thus called in

his young manhood to what he considers to be the most sacred service required of mortal men. He came to

it well qualified and in the strength of great humility.

Of his call, it was said at the time:

"... an audible wave of approval

carried from the thousands who filled the Tabernacle and was joined in by the uncounted thousands to whom radio carried the message. Both members and nonmembers of the Church

right, about the Harold B. Lee, E. Lee Sparrel Huff, Harold and official debatjoined in the general satisfaction and

191516. a student time at ing he was Stake Oneida team for Academy,

Oneida Stake Academy. wellwishing to this man, yet young,

who had already proved his ability ond only to that of the First Presiand integrity in public affairs, in

Harold B. Lee dency. Church service—and in the conduct

(Continued from preceding page) Responding to this call to Church of his own life."(Improvement Era,

already revealed the greatest organwelfare, Harold B. Lee left a promMay 1941, p. 270.)

ization that ever could be given to ising political career. He was then As a member of the Quorum of the

mankind, and that all that was serving as a Salt Lake City comTwelve Apostles, he has, from the needed now was that that organizamissioner, to which office he had beginning, carried an unusually tion be set to work, and the temporal been first appointed and later elected. heavy load. His assignments have

welfare of the Latterday Saints Since that time he has refused to been varied and freighted with rewould be safeguarded."(Ibid., April reenter the political arena, notwithsponsibility. They have required

1941, pp. 120121.) From that day standing the fact that powerful preshim, among other things, to serve as

until now, neither his interest nor sure has been put upon him to do so. chairman of the servicemen's, music,

his labors in Church welfare have With the late Apostle Melvin J. and general priesthood committees;

ever slackened. Through the years Ballard, and under assignment of the as managing director of the general

he has rendered welfare service secFirst Presidency, he toured the Church welfare committee; as adviser

Fern L. Tanner Lee, photoElder Lee as a missionary Maurine Lee Wilkins, eldHelen Lee Goates, the Lees'

graph taken prior to her marto the Western States, 1921. est daughter of the Lees. youngest daughter.

riage. 506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Lee was City Commissioner in Harold B. Lee in the early days of the Church Welfare Program, with Ted DeBry, secretary.

1933, when this picture was taken.

to the general board of the Primary farm in Cache Valley. But a man's tribulations of Liberty and Far West

Association; and as a member of the beginnings go back before his birth, under the 'exterminating order,'and

publications, garment, and expendiand Harold B. Lee was richly enthe Nauvoo evacuation, and first set

tures committees. By special assigndowed by heritage. Both his paternal foot in Salt Lake Valley in September,

ment, he has handled numerous diffiand maternal ancestry go back to the 1850. Besides the names of Bingham

cult and delicate problems and situaearly days of the Church, and his and Lee which he carries, in his tions of great moment to the Church. progenitors were identified with pioveins flows the blood of other notable

Those who seek his advice and counneering and colonizing and sacrifices Church names from far back.

sel are legion. for the cause of truth from Scotland "Harold B. Lee, a member of a

From The Improvement Era reand England, from Ohio and Indiana, family of six children with hardports published at the time he was across the plains, and down to Utah's working parents and times not too called to the Council of the Twelve, Dixie, and on up to the hardwon easy, learned to work as a boy. Diswe learn of his rich ancestral heritage lands of Southern Idaho. On his trict school at the age of five; Oneida

and of his early achievements. "Born paternal side his greatgrandfather Stake Academy at thirteen; debating,

March 28, 1899, at Clifton, Idaho, a Francis Lee, and greatgrandmother, basketball, and a facility with the son of Samuel M. and Louisa BingJane Vale Johnson, joined the Church slide trombone are part of the picture

ham Lee, he was reared on the family in Indiana in 1832, and shared the (Continued on following page)

Elder Lee on the steps of the school at Oxford, Idaho, when he Sister Lee with the five grandchildren.

was principal in 1918.

JULY 1953 507 At the Oahu Stake (Hawaii) welfare faro field in 1934... Work At a hukelau at Laie, with former stake President Ralph

being done with a water buffalo. Woolley and some Hawaiian Saints in 1945.

latterly, as president of the Denver ite School District, Salt Lake County,

Harold B. Lee District. from 1923 to 1928. Meanwhile he

(Continued from preceding page) "A few months of readjustment folpursued various other ventures as opof those earlier years. The Albion lowed his mission release in Decemportunity afforded, later to become

State Normal School at seventeen ber, 1922, after which, in the summer first a salesman and then interfollowed by a first teaching job near of 1923, he took up his residence in mountain manager for the FoundaWeston, Idaho, were steps that led Salt Lake City, attending summer sestion Press, a library distributing orto an appointment as principal of sions at the University of Utah when ganization.

the district school at Oxford, Idaho, circumstances permitted, completing "This position he relinquished in at the age of eighteen. A call to the the remainder of his university edu1932 to accept an appointment as

Western States Mission for which he cation by correspondence courses and Salt Lake City commissioner, being departed in November, 1920, interextension classes, and serving as responsible for the department of rupted this activity. Here he served, principal of two schools in the Granstreets and public properties. He resigned from the commissionership in

December, 1936, to devote his full time as managing director of the

Church welfare program, to which position he had been appointed some

Dr. E. G. Petermonths previous.

presison, acting of the dent Utah "During his residence in Salt Lake

State Agricultural City he has served as Pioneer Stake

College, congratulates Elder Lee on Religion Class superintendent, Sunreceiving an honday School superintendent, counselor orary doctor of in the stake presidency, and, from humanities degree, 1930 to 1937, as stake president. With June 1, 1953.

his counselors he had instituted in 1932, a stake welfare program and established a warehouse for storing and distributing food and other commodities. Practices worked out in

this and other stake welfare programs which had originated during the same period were embodied in the general Church welfare program.

"The seven years of his presidency in Pioneer Stake were marked with progress and the development of many activities other than the welfare program among the stake membership. There.-. was inaugurated a

stakewide budget system, culminat- (Continued on page 522) 508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

gospel. Joseph Smith said concerning the importance of the endowment,

"You need an endowment, brethren, in order that you may be prepared and able to overcome all things.

(3) Sealing, the ultimate in ordinances that we have been given, performs the linking act of family units for all eternity. Through it we are

given eternal life by being able to have eternal increase. This is explained in the Doctrine and Covenants, 131:1-4:

In the celestial glory there are three heavens or degrees;

And in order to obtain the highest, a man must enter into this order of the priesthood [meaning the new and everlasting covenant of marriage] And if he does not, he cannot obtain

it.

He may enter into the other, but that is the end of his kingdom; he cannot have

an increase.

Architect's drawing of the proposed temple for the Church in Berne, Switzerland.

The scriptures are definite in stating that no individual can attain the

A BRIGHAM YOUNG STUDENT DISCUSSES highest degree in the celestial glory without the performance of these

the THE PURPOSE OF GENEALOGICAL ordinances.have died withoutThus, havingfor thosehad who

opportunity of obeying the principles

Lord has provided that we, as RESEARCH AND TEMPLE WORK theand ordinances of the gospel on earth their descendants, may do this work by Olive Hawkins for them by proxy. Hence, the ultimate reason we as Latterday Saints

Fortried centuriesto tell us philosophershow to attain havethat toare achievetold thatour wegoal.mustInobeygeneralall thewe seekand doouttemplerecordsworkof forour themprogenitorsis that

our ancestors may elusive thing we all seek—happiprinciples and ordinances of the gosboth we and

ness. It would be safe to say that pel. Our directions for performing achieve the goal which Christ set

every individual who has ever lived the ordinances are very precise, and for us—that of eternal life and hapupon our earth has, in his own way, there are three ordinances which must piness.

tried to find happiness. Joseph Smith be performed for each individual in Exaltation is not an individual

said in discussing this subject, "Haporder to make him a candidate for affair. It is strictly a family affair, as is

piness is the

..., existence objectm andandPresidentdesign Georgeof our theglory:highest(1) degreebaptism—Christin the celestialmakes Weobviousare fromto searchthe purposesfor our ownof sealing.family

Albert Smith made this summarizing the emphatic statement in Mark and do the necessary work for them statement concerning our search for 16:16, showing the complete necesso that our family unit will be comhappiness: "Happiness is what we are sity of baptism, "He that believeth plete. Because of the importance of

all seeking, and it is what our Father and is baptized shall be saved; but being linked to our own ancestors, it

in heaven desires for us."he that believeth not shall be is imperative that we are accurate in

To the Latterday Saint the word damned"; (2) endowment—in order every detail in searching for records

happiness is synonymous with "eterto prepare us for progression in the of our progenitors. Throughout the

nal life,"and we are told in the scripcelestial kingdom it is necessary for centuries the Lord has stressed the imtures that the purpose of Christ's us to receive this second ordinance portance of accurate recordkeeping, sacrifice was to help us gain eternal performed in the temples of the Lord. and we are told that these are honored

life. Christ himself says, "... this is This ordinance is especially important in both heaven and earth through

my work and my glory—to bring to because it contains a covenant which the power of the priesthood perform

pass the immortality and eternal life states that the partaker will obey all sSmith, op. cit., p. 91.

of man."(Moses 1:39.) In helping of the laws and ordinances of the (Concluded on page 549)

us gain this happiness, immortality, and eternal life our Savior has given specific directions in exactly us

xSmith, Fielding, Teachings Joseph of the Prophet how Through the Eyes of YOUTH 255. p. Smith, Joseph

'-The Improvement Era, January 1950, p. 13.

JULY 1953 509 In The Good Old

Words by Music by REN SHIELDS GEORGE EVANS Tempo di Valse Summertime

by Marba C. Josephson

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

—Monkmeyer Photo

ffTN the good old summertime"ship is an ongoing factor in one's better still they will carry the memo-

I has especial meaning for those life, and by keeping active in the ries and be stirred to continued activboth old and young who are Mutual constantly, friendship will be ity in their departments when they enrolled in the Mutual. And if one insured among the members of the enter new wards for the winter

is not enrolled—it is the easiest thing various classes. The momentum that months (as many of them do). And

in the world to become a Mutual has been gained through the asthink of the fun in store for them, if member, and that is by going to the sociation with both persons and prothe leaders plan well: Happy Hayseed

nearest meetinghouse on the night gram is continued by the activities ride, Missionaries Write Home, inwhen Mutual is in session. Ball during the summer season, with only cluding excerpts from actual misgames, overnight hikes, hobo parties, a change of emphasis on what is ensionary letters illustrated in turn by

progressive suppers, campfire skits and joyed. songs, a progressive dinner party,

storytelling, a night with Gershwin, It will prove an exceptionally happy lessons on the theme and the reading and even the teaching of the samba time for the home ward to plan for course, and three Gleamanite fun will have their parts to play in the its very own M Men and Gleaners, evenings. In addition a chickaree

Mutual this summer! back from school and service at least and a sports fun night are suggested

Mutual is a yearround organizafor the summer months. If the home for variety. Sounds like clear sailing

tion, because the summer months are ward does the job it can and should ahead for ports of fun and achievefilled to overflowing with activities do, the M Men and Gleaners will ment among the M Men and and extra special fun nights. Friendbe warmed with the activity and Gleaners.

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fun with the right kind of prayerto enjoy increased and his capacity ful atmosphere will provide the parfor the right kind of enjoyment ticipants with an exhilaration that doubled.

will offer release to rebuild and Sports and athletic directors have recreate their energies. Once again, been given specific assignments in the

let us stress that the leadership must Mutual; they are to work under the

be good and generously given in direction of the activity counselors order to insure the wholehearted reand aid the various classes under sponse of the class members. The assignment. Wise leaders will make

leader* who holds back will find a the most use of these helpers, who class that is disinterested and fails can add to the measure of success the to participate or even attend. summer program will enjoy. One

The summer program differs from factor that should be considered is the winter program at the same time that there is only one of each of there are seven departreinforcing what the winter program these—and

has taught. The refreshing, inments; it stands to reason they can

—Three Lions Photo vigorating activities of the summer be in only one place at a given time. But by wisely, planning class yard the back A barbeque is fun for older M.I.A. will the make eager members folk as as youngsters. well leaders can these benefit from people

to get into back the swing of the either actual by at atendance those older folk also need some kind The regular lesson together work with events which in their line come of activity. of special the Recently season's the winter special events. assignment or counseling asby and of a daughter ninetyyear-old man a wellexecuted, Through joyfully atsistance in the of planning these inquired father find might her where tended program, summer the both events. to investigation do. something Upon as well as summer the winter proprotests Certain from came some it that learned a ninetytwo-yearwas will receive gram impetus and new leader one said the when areas—as still old finding was some means man vigor other. from each person Each first program was explained to her of that shows participates will find his entertainment—which who power (Concluded page on 526)

for the Interest Special need never ceases. And the alert Special Interest

leader knows it and plans for activity for the members. A sports event has

been outlined, and what they might get from that!

And so it goes for each of the departments—food 'n'fun, blackouts,

pioneer stories for the Junior M Men and Junior Gleaners; gypsy jamboree,

photography, sports, Let's Turn Hobo for the Mia Maids; and a joint stake

summeree with the Explorers being scheduled this year. Handicraft and

some lessons from the delightful manual by Angelyn W. Wadley,

Someday You'll Marry, will provide spice enough to make variety the—U. S. Forest Service Photo

watchword of the Mia Maids. Bird A good game of ball releases energies in a constructive manner.

walk and breakfast, photography, and a joint singsong will, together with sports, fill the bill for the Bee Hive

Girls.

More than the program, however, is the philosophy that prompts its promotion by the M.I.A. The old

saying, "Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do,"is indeed a true one. But when people are

busy doing mischief, they are seldom happy. There is anxiety mixed with

their seeming satisfaction that robs them of true joy. But people busy

with wholesome activities are happy people; and they are constructively

adding to the sum of human happiness of others who may live in their—Monkmeyer Photo

communities. Fun around the campfire provides exhilaration and relaxation.

JULY 1953 511 PRIVATE PAGE of the MORMON BATTALION A fiction story by John F. Richards

Private Bill Page, Company B of his orderly were alone. Smartly Bill

the Mormon Battalion, stood saluted. Not able to hold the words

quietly at ease. Although he had any longer, he poured out his feelnot reached his growth, he was a ings. When he had finished, his

tall young man, with all loose weight face reddened as he saw the ingone from his body. His was a dark, credulous look that came over the

uncomplicated face, with a thin high officer's face.

bridged nose and large mouth. The "That will be all, Morgan."The

eyes were dark also and deep socketed, lieutenant spoke to his orderly dispeering over the prominent cheek missing him. The man left the tent.

bones. Bill felt more uncomfortable. He

Across the small clearing and to his should have waited until the man right Lieutenant Smith, the battalion had gone. Smith rested his gaze full

commander, addressed the formation upon Bill.

of men and officers. Behind him "Your father is the only man who

the sun had dropped. Already there can do this job right. He knows

was a distinct chill in the bottom of the country."

this narrow canyon which ran to- "There's lots of good officers who wards the south. The men were could go, Lieutenant. Pa just haprestless, eager for the evening mess, pened through here that time with

and the lieutenant continued to talk Haskell's fur brigade. Pa's all I got.

of trifling matters. We lost Ma and young Jim in the

At the sound of his father's name, Missouri raids."

Bill snapped alert, listening intently.

He was unable to believe his ears. 'Opposite him at the far edge stood a fine young buck."

"... to be led by Lieutenant

Hyrum Page of D Company,"Lieu- "Now get this straight,"Lieutenant way—if he'll come to me and retenant Smith said. "Upon leaving Smith snapped. "The simple fact that quest the change. All right?"

the battalion two days from now this your father just happened through Bill grinned, relief surging through sick detail will journey towards the here makes him the man we need. He him.

northwest to the Indian Village of is a fine officer, well disciplined. I "Yes, sir! Thank you, sir."Quickly

Pueblo where they will make winter expected more from his son."He he saluted, then left.

quarters. We can no longer hamper paused, looking up. "However, there But when he found his father after

ourselves with the ill nor chance is something I will do."A slight mess and told what he had done, he

exposing them to further trials and smile touched at the corners of his saw the anger, then the disappointtorments. This is a march of inmouth. ment, that showed in his father's

fantry. We must unload from our "I'll change that order, Page,"he eyes.

ranks the men unable to march continued more calmly, "if you and "You didn't ask me, Bill, before farther. Lieutenant Page has been your father decide you want it that you went to him."

especially chosen because of his "I thought it was right. I figured

acquaintance with this particular you'd want me to. You aim to go?

territory, having traveled over the Might be I'll never see you again.

Pueblo route only two years ago. Californy is a long way off. You're

You who must make this journey will all I got, Pa> be in good hands.""I've only got you, too, Bill, but

Bill's head spun. It was imposyou're almost a man. I've been

sible! proud of you. Don't make me feel

The formation was dismissed. Still different now."

Bill remained, unable to comprehend "You won't ask him to change it?"

the result of the situation. When he Bill squirmed under the look his

finally moved, it was as if he had father gave him.

known all along what he would do. "Maybe Smith was right, Bill,"

With swift strides he covered the Lieutenant Page said. "Maybe it's

ground to Lieutenant Smith's quar- a problem for both of us. You're

ters. He entered the tent, not waitalmost a man. You decide. Tomoring to be asked. The lieutenant and row night after mess you come to

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "How far will you march today,

Lieutenant?"he asked, cleaning up

his breakfast.

"We'll camp tonight on the main fork of French Creek. It is a short

march. Should give you ample time.

Sick detail leaves there for Pueblo tomorrow."Bill turned his head,

not meeting the officer's eyes.

"Sorry about your father, Bill,"

White said.

"I'll be there with meat sometime before sundown,"Bill said. His face

set, he rose to his feet and walked off, leaving White and Higgins staring after him.

When they had broken camp, Bill strode out far ahead of the battalion, easing his lean height into a smooth ground eating gait. He'd not even

look for game until the narrow walls of this infernal canyon ended.

Emerging from their confines with an abruptness that startled him, he stood for a moment, caught in the web of nature's grandeur. Summer

was a flame of beauty extending from the mouth of the canyon into the valley's broad expanse. This was

his kind of country! Leveled land

near as far as the eye could reach.

Land such as his father had taught him to love. He sat down in a small

clearing, thinking of his father. A

desire to pray crept over him.

Solemnly he knelt, quiet for a mome and tell me what to do. We'll boy,"Max gibed. "Californy's a ment. Then the words came freely,

go by that."Here he paused, putting right good space from Pueblo."Higand he could not stop their rush.

his hand on Bill's shoulder. gins looked at Bill, a slight warning When he had finished, much of

"But I want you to think hard on in his eyes. Bill shrugged, continued his mind's burden seemed lifted from

it, Bill. Mostly I want you to pray to dress. him. Yet, since he could not find

hard on it. You do that, Son, and "Just keep off me today, Max."the answer he sought, discouragewe'll go by what you decide."Bill He spoke quietly, stilling the throb ment filled him. For a long time he

shook his head. of his emotions. He drew on his sat, soaking in the midday warmth,

"I don't like it. I figured you'd boots, rolled his blankets, and took relaxing physically and mentally,

want to stay."his mess kit from his small box of eating two of the four biscuits he

Lieutenant Page turned, dismissing personal belongings. Then he locked had brought with him from the comhim, and walked stiffly away, a tall the box. In it were all the pictures pany mess.

lean shape in the early darkness. of his family he had, besides several The sun was in the second half

Feeling a great weight pressing personal notes he had taken of serof its arc when he roused himself.

him, Bill went back to his tent. He mons he had liked. He threaded his way toward the

spent a restless night, finally sleeping He and Higgins went to mess tomain fork of French Creek which from sheer exhaustion. When he gether. While they were eating, lay in the valley. Angling upstream

awakened, it was to the pummeling Lieutenant White, the platoon officer, in a wide circle he moved at a steady hands of Higgins, one of his four walked over to them from the mess pace until he knew there must be tent mates. Nelson, with Brown, tent. game between him and the night's

had gone to mess, but Max Mathew- "See if you can find fresh meat camping place at the mouth of the son, the tent's fifth occupant was today, will you, Bill?"He smiled at canyon. He turned downstream,

sitting on his blanket roll, looking at both of them. Bill nodded, glad of walking silently. He did not hurry.

him. He was a slight sallow youth, the chance to be by himself. He was He held the rifle in both hands,

little older than Bill. Malice lay in the hunter for B Company, providing prepared for a swift shot, knowing

his eyes as he watched Page. Bill what fresh meat the mess sergeant his chance would come.

had risen from his blankets and was needed on the march. He alone of A half hour later he suddenly

beginning to dress in the cold of the company carried a cap -lock burst from a thick tangle of underdawn. Youger rifle for hunting. The rest brush into a clearing. Opposite him

"Looks like you lose your pa, Billy were supplied with flintlock muskets. (Continued on page 535)

JULY 1953 513 THE OLD MUD FORT

by Naomi Stevens Smith—Photographs by Don H. Smith

-EiKCS:v:!:<

This monument was erected by the Daughters of Utah Pioneers September 18, 1937, to Fort Deseret.

inking modern Utah with the pleasantly surprised to find this tire length of wall surrounding the

I wildernessago, there ofareonestillhundreda few yearsoutremnantdians harassedof the daysthe whensettlersthe andIninfort.everyIndeed,directionall canthe becountrysidesurveyed

standing monuments to the deterthreatened their lives and property. from the loopholes of the two basmination of the pioneers to mold the Inside the high mud walls I found tions. But the closely cropped haydesert to their will. Fort Deseret myself trying to forget the proximity fields refused to yield to my imaginastands as one of these, changed but of civilization, the hayfields, the tion a single stealthy savage. The

little by time or man. barbed wire we had crawled through farmers in a distant field were peaceBeside a country road just south and to envision the old fort in its fully loading their crop.

of Deseret, Utah, stands Fort Deseret, original setting. It had been well As we turned to cross to the other

familiarly called "The Old Mud Fort"planned for defense. Its bastions at bastion, a jack rabbit, watching our

by inhabitants of nearby towns. Inthe northeast and southwest corners invasion with curiosity, hopped away

congruous as it appears in its present protrude somewhat from the walls, into the growth of sagebrush and setting of barbedwire fences, irrigathus permitting one sentry in each greasewood of the interior of the fort.

tion canals, and hayfields, we were bastion to guard effectively the enThe wind howled and tore at our

One of the picture windows in the "Old Mud Fort."Bastion in the northeast corner of the fort, from the inside.

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Part of the wall of the "Old Mud Fort"showing the southeast corner and bastion.

clothing. We found ourselves wonpronounced the victors, until part

dering how these hurriedly built of the wall collapsed and had to be walls had withstood the elements rebuilt. The contest was then called

throughout the eighty -eight years a tie, and the townfolk celebrated since their construction. with a supper and dance on July

The "Old Mud Fort"was built in 25, 1865.

1865 while the Black Hawk War was The fort, finished in eighteen days, a major worry to the settlers of the was 550 feet square. Oxen were used

territory. to mix the mud and straw for the

The little town of Deseret had walls, which were built upon a stone ample reason to ask for a defense. foundation. Worn down somewhat

The Pahvant Indians of the surfrom their original ten feet in height, rounding territory seemed always to three feet in width at the base, and have looked with suspicion upon the eighteen inches at the top, these walls white intruder. are still in a good state of preservation

The manner in which the settlers and are used as a portion of the fence undertook their task of building a to adjoining property.

fort is typical of the Mormon pioWe are unable to find any evidence neers. The men, ninetyeight in of the fort having been used as a

number, with John W. Radford as defense against the Indians. Not long

superintendent, were divided into after its completion the settlement of two groups under William S. Hawley Deseret was abandoned because of

and Isaac W. Pierce. Each team was inadequate control of the water reto build two walls and one bastion. sources, resulting in seasonal floods.

The team finishing its assignment in Oldtimers who returned to resettle the shortest time was to be enterabout 1877 remember the fort being tained by the losers. Thus into used as a corral in times of roundwhat might have been a dull and up and branding.

trying task was injected a spirit of In September 1937 the dedication competition and excitement, terminatof a marker erected by the Daughters ing in a town celebration. of Utah Pioneers was an important

Mrs. Jake Hawley of Oasis, Utah, part of the Deseret homecoming celeremembered the pleasure with which bration. The marker is unusual beher fatherin-law, William S. Hawley, cause it is built of multicolored stones

always referred to the experience. and ore gathered from all parts of

While his team had required nine and Millard County.

onehalf days to complete their portion of the fort, the opposing side of TheUtahauthorPioneersis indebtedfor datato concerningthe Daughtersthe Doorway to the bastion in the northeast had finished in nine days and was fort. corner of the fort.

JULY 1953 515 "This is a man's work. So while I'm around, we'll have no girl

messing things up."

Grandma Parkers Ring by Afaxine Anderson Henrie

I'll be a good girl for hour."Thethe west.afternoonIt wassunjusthungaboutlowto thein hurledment andherwithbigall strawher younghat strengthat her me.at leastI promiseanother

place, cradled in the bosom of laughing brother. "All right for "I'd say you are a good girl,"said

Old Mount Parker, where it seemed you, Rodney Allrich! For that I Tom Allrich unhesitatingly. "Rod

to Lennie that it paused each day think I'll just tell Julie Lasson she's and I have certainly appreciated your to rest for a moment, before contaking an awful risk getting engaged help in harvesting the alfalfa. I

probably don't know how we could havetinuing its eternal journey westward. to you! Why, you—you'd

Lennis looked up the last two rows push little chickens in the ditch!"managed without you; I couldn't hire

of haycocks in the big alfalfa field. "Do you think she'd believe you?"a hand at any price. Believe me, I

Another hour would see the second grinned the goodlooking Rod, as he tried."

cutting of hay safely in the stackscooped up his sister's hat with the "Well, my dear father, you're the yard, beyond the threat of any rainlong pitchfork and tossed it back upon one who is going to foot the bills filled clouds. And she, Lennis Allthe halfloaded wagon. for my college this fall. So why

rich, had "tromped"every load by "I don't suppose she would,"shouldn't I help out?"

herself. Like the sun she paused in sighed Lennie resignedly. "But you

her work to reflect on a job well wait and see, I'll think of something "I suppose as long as it's in the done, when, like an avalanche, a to get even."family, we shouldn't worry,"he repile of hay hit her squarely on the "I'm sure you will, daughter. But torted.

head, brought her to her knees, and could you wait until we get the rest The big wagon swayed to a stop completely covered her. of the hay in?"This came goodfor the last two piles of hay which

Being the small, lithe creature she naturedly from the other side of the Rod scooped up to Lennie with the was, she quickly disengaged herself wagon. ease of a Goliath. "There you are,

from the sweet smelling entangle- "Surely, Daddy, you can count on Carrottop. Tromp it down good.

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We want it to stay on the wagon Lennie frantically took mental note look down at Richard, and stammer until we get to the corral."of her disheveled appearance—old a more than childish, "Hi ya? It's

"Yes, my brother,"laughed Lennie jeans and sneakers, her hair braided nice having you home."

gaily and sprang upon his latest contightly back from her face and pulled "Hello there, Carrottop! How's the

tribution with a vengeance. up on top of her head. If she had small fry? You haven't changed at

Father and son drank deeply from spent hours trying to accomplish it, all. Still the same tomboy, I see. It

the dripping canteen that hung on she couldn't possibly have looked certainly is good seeing you, youngthe long hay wagon, then with unmore unattractive. Why did he ster!"

trained grace they stepped up on the have to come at this particular time? "Thank you, Rick,"and Lennie

doubletrees and climbed up the front "I don't suppose it would have made sat down again, much more abruptly ladder of the wagon. The threeany difference,"she thought unhapthan she had stood up. The

some settled themselves comfortably pily. "No matter what I look like audacious nerve of him! Didn't he

for a relaxing ride back to the stack- I'll always be to Richard his best realize that she would be a sophmore yards. As they neared the rambling friend's little sister."She hunched at the university this fall? Why, her

corrals, they observed several of her shoulders and sat down resignbest friend was married already and their Jerseys filing up the lane that edly, making herself as inconspicuous in her own home. Couldn't he see

led from the spacious green pastures as was possible. she was a woman grown, with a

to the milking barn, another sign "Hey, Dad, Lennie, look who's woman's heart, a heart with his that day was ending. Lennie pulled here,"Rod called joyfully, just as if image so deeply engraved in it that

off her floppy hat, unveiling her they had no eyes of their own. it could never wear away? Youngster,

shining hair, and lay back in the "Welcome home, son, welcome indeed! The impulse to climb down

fragrant hay. She gazed at the home,"said Mr. Allrich a bit emooff the loaded wagon and slap his

azure sky and with a sigh of deep tionally. "You're certainly a sight radiant face was so great she could

contentment, mumbled, "Ah, for the for sore eyes."hardly contain herself. Even in her

life of Riley.""Thank you, sir, it's mighty good wrath Lennie saw the folly of such

"It is! No, it can't be!"exclaimed seeing you, too,"returned the newly a demonstration, so instead she let

Rod excitedly. arrived young man, and his broad two glistening tears splash down her

"Whatever are you babbling grin revealed two rows of strong, hot cheeks.

about?"and Lennie came expectantly white teeth. The wagon bumped into motion

to a sitting position. By this time the ponderous wagon once more, jolting crosswise over the

"Wahoo!"yelled Rod, Indian had been halted. Lennis was more irrigation furrows. Lennie wiped

fashion. "It is, as sure as water is uncomfortable than she ever rememaway the angry tears on her faded

wet,"and with one streak of motion bered being in her life before, and shirtsleeve and listened with seemhe fairly leaped off the loaded wagon, she crouched down farther in the ing disinterest to the constant stream tossing the reins to his father as he hope that in the excitement she of chatter that flowed back and forth ran to greet the figure that came would be forgotten. But this hope from her father on the wagon and

bounding over the alfalfa stubble was as farfetched as she knew it the two young men walking beside toward them. would be, for almost instantly her it.

"It's Richard Parker!"cried Mr. father turned to her, disapproval As they entered the stackyard,

Allrich unbelievingly. "Why, the written on his brown face. "Well, Lennie realized with mounting horyoung rascal! I didn't think he was Lennis, aren't you going to welcome ror that now she would be forced to

getting his mission release until next Rick home?"come out of hiding. "I don't care!"

month!""Oh, Daddy, how could you?"she told herself defiantly, even though

"Richard Parker!"whispered LenLennie's heart cried out in mute anshe knew that she did. Her father

nie almost inaudibly. She felt the guish. "Don't you know I wanted pulled the lumbering vehicle to a

color drain from her face and then to look very special for Richard's rolling stop alongside the huge unreturn with such force that for a homecoming? Why I've planned it finished stack. Instantly Lennis

moment she thought she would suffofor weeks, what I'd wear, the way made her way to the back of the cate. "Daddy, are you sure?"I'd fix my hair, even to what I would load and before anyone was aware

"Look for yourself!"chuckled the say—and just look at me!"of her intention, she had slipped to

jubilant Mr. Allrich. Tom Allrich, not knowing what the ground, without the usual asLennie did look. There could be no was in his lovely daughter's young sistance from her father or brother.

mistaking that it was. The straight heart, could only see her hesitancy With a haughty toss of her small

shoulders (broadened in the twentyas very bad manners. "Lennis Fay! head she made a beeline for the

five months'absence) that Rod Aren't you going to say hello to your tractor and quick as a wink took her pounded so gleefully in greeting brother's best friend? It's been more place in the driver's seat. She

could belong only to Richard Parker. than two years since you last saw turned her back toward the men,

Rodney and Richard had been very him!"There was a sternness in her waiting for her father's signal that

close companions through grammar father's voice that she very rarely he was ready to start the unloading and high school. Rod had filled his heard. procedure. So engrossed was she in

mission after two years in college, "Yes, Daddy, I know,"and her her conflicting emotions of love, hate, while Richard had not gone until frantic blue eyes clashed with the and outrage for Mr. Parker's eldest

he had received his degree. Things compelling blue of his. son, Lennis was not aware she was

worked out very well though for "Well,"he stated. not alone until she felt herself being

Rod had graduated from college last Lennie had no other alternative bodily torn from her high perch, spring and now Richard was home. but to rise awkwardly to her feet, (Continued on page 532)

JULY 1953 517 TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE, 1st row, I. to

r.: Pres. William Noble

Waite; Clifford B.

Wright, 1st Counselor;

Harold F. Whittier, 2nd

Counselor; Marvin E.

Jacobson, Y.M.M.t.A.

Supt.; Edna Harris, A Record of Pres. Y.W.M.I.A.

MOAPA STAKE, 2nd row, I. to r.: Pres. by John D. Giles

Thomas Gay Myers;

Dan Larkin, Y.M.M.t.A.

Supt.; Mildred Ashworth, Y. W. M. I. A.

Pres.; Harold D. Johnthe oldfashioned quota plan was

son, Y.M.M.t.A. Era Di540 percent which in percent of the rector; Olive Johnson,

Y.W.M.I.A. Era Direcformer quota would have been 703 tor.

BOUNTIFUL STAKE, percent. This compares with the 707

3rd Thomasrow, AmbyI. to r.:Briggs,Pres. percent mark set in 195051 by SouthBurnett Bybee, Y.M. ern States.

Alice M.I. A. Supt.;

Glissmeyer, Y.W.M.I.A. Leading the missions in total subPres.; Irving Beesley,

Y.M.M.t.A. Era Direcscriptions as it has done in past years,

tor; Arbuckle, Bernice DirecSouthern States had a total of 2973, Era Y.W.M.I.A.

tor. which fell somewhat short of its own

STAKE, BLACKFOOT Pres. past record but was high enough to 4th row, I. to r.:

A. Parley Lloyd Arave; lead all other missions by a wide

Y. I. A. Ralphs, M. M.

Supt.; Lola Bitton, margin.

Pres.; A. Y.W.M.I H. The effort to win top honors in- Y.M. Hoopes, Warner

Director; M.I.A. Era

Mrs. H. Hoopcluded many stakes. In percent of Warner

es, Y.W.M.I.A Era Di- C.A.M. San Diego was second only rector.

to South Los Angeles with Long Beach

STAKE, PHOENIX r.: Pres. 5th well up near the top. row, I. to

David fert MelvinE. Heywood;Johnson,RuIn total subscriptions San Diego

First Counselor; Blaine also placed second to win over Moapa H. Alexander, Second

Counselor; Burke PeterSupt.; with Long Beach in fourth place. son, Y.M.M.t.A.

Faye Bond, Y.W.M.I.A. An impressive list of double citation

Pres. winners was a feature of the camAnother great Improvement Era campaign has ended. Again, as POCATELLO STAKE, 1st

in many years past the only Williamrow, I. P.to Whitaker;r.\ Pres.

Y.M. A. Hale, phrase which adequately describes Merlin

Phyllis Supt.; M.I.A.

this great achievement is that this W. Nelson, Y.W.M.I.A.

has been "the greatest campaign in Y.M.M.t.A.Pres.; J. WallaceEra DirecCook,

Era history."Many records were M.I.A.tor; BerniceEra Director.Rich, Y.W.

broken, including total subscriptions for the entire group and the highest SOUTH IDAHO FALLS total subscription by any stake. STAKE,r.: Pres 2ndCecilrow,E. Hart;I. to

The stake record for total subscripMonteM.I.A. Supt.;Scott, GotdaY.M.

tions was set by South Los Angeles ArmstrongPres.; M J.Y.W.M.I.A.Wright,

Stake, perennial leader of the Church tor.Y.M.M.t.A. Era Direcin Era campaigns. Again, for the

fourth time South Los Angeles Stake MESAi. to r.:STAKE,Pres. 3rdDonaldrow,

won the highlysought Citation ExtraEllsworth;Nielson, FormerWitlasSupt.;E.

ordinary, the only one to be issued Jr.JenningsY.M.M.t.A.A. Johnson,Supt.;

this year. South Los Angeles led all M.I.A.Amy Skousen,Pres.; HollisY.W.E.

stakes in both total subscriptions and Smithson, Y.M.M.t.A.

percent of quota and had a one hunEra Director.

dred percent record in every phase of EAST LOS ANGELES the campaign. STAKE,r.: Pres.4th Fauntleroyrow, I. to

Leading all the missions in percent Hunsaker; John F.

of Cash Award Minimum and almost Baker,Supt.; BurnadineY. M. M. I. A.D.

equaling the alltime record for perPres.;Wallace,Burl Y.W.M.I.A.A. Brown,

cent was New England Mission. It tor.Y.M.M.t.A. Era Direccame within four points of reaching

the remarkable record set by Southern LIBERTY STAKE, 5th States Mission two years ago. New row, I. to r.: Pres. A.

England's percent of Cash Award LewisA. Browning,Elggren; GeorgeY.M.

Minimum which last year replaced M.I.A.cille L.Supt.;Ford,Mrs. Y.W.Lu518 M.I.A.Jones, Pres.;Y.M.M.t.A.Ralph EraH.

Director; Lilyan Jones,

Y.W.M.I.A. Era Director.

Percent of C.AM.

SAN DIEGO STAKE, 1st row, I. to r.: Pres.

Wallace W. Johnson;

Keith A. Sears. Y.M.

M.I. A. Supt.; Kay Colder, Y.W.M.I.A. Pres.;

Cyrus W. Greaves, Y.M.

M.I. A. Director.

STAKE, BEACH LONG Pres. I. to r.:ACHIEVEMENT 2nd row,

Francis M. Zimmerman; Leland A. Poole,

BUSINESS MANAGER Y.M.M.I.A.othy Bledsoe,Supt.; Y.W.Dor-

M.I. A. Pres.; Wm. Ray

Piatt, Y.M.M.I.A. Era

Director. paign. In total subscriptions the BIG HORN STAKE,

leaders who were cited twice include 3rdPres. row,Frank I.H. toBrown,r.:

South Los Angeles, Moapa, Bountiful, BrownieM.I. A. J.Supt.;Brown,GladysY.M.

Blackfoot, Phoenix, and South Idaho Emmett, Y.W.M.I.A.

Falls. Pres.;Y.M.M.I.A.FloydEra Allred,DirecDouble citation winners in percent tor;Y.W.M.I.A.Mrs. FloydEra Allred,Direcof Cash Award Minimum, which retor.

placed the quota plan, are San Diego, LOS4th row,ANGELESI. to r.:STAKE,Pres.

Long Beach, Big Horn, and Los AnJohnLynn M. Hoggan,Russon; GeorgeY.M.

geles. M.I. A. Supt.; Hazel

The fact that some stakes which are Taylor,Pres.; HarveyY. W. H.M. I.Ses-A.

listed lower than tenth place in either sions,Director.Y.M.M.I.A. Era

group are still listed as citation winUNION STAKE, 5th ners is due to a custom of including Milanrow, I.D. toSmith;r.: AltonPres.

M. Y. M.

E. Perry,I. A. a total of ten stakes on each list. When baxter,Supt.; Naomi

a stake wins a double citation, it is JamesY. W. M. H.I. A.Thompson,Pres.;

listed in its highest position and taken Y.M.M.I.A. Era Director; Thelma Buckwaiter, Y.W.M.I.A. Era

Director.

FLORIDA STAKE, 1st row, vin C.I. toChase;r.: Pres.LeolinAlfrom the other list. When this occurs,

Dickey, Y.M.M.I.A. N.

Elsie Supt.; Starling, another stake is moved up to the cita-

Y.W.M.I.A. Pres.; 01tion list.

lie Mae Avery, Y.W.

M.I.A. Era Director. Under this plan ten stakes which

were listed lower than tenth place

BANNOCK STAKE, 2nd row, I. to r.: Pres. Dee will receive citations.

L. Andreasen; Dean

Panter, I. A. So many stakes and missions made Y. M. M.

Supt.; Alice L. Smith,

Y.W.M.I.A. Pres.; Sterexcellent records that space will not

ling K. Hixson, Y.M. permit recital of them all with an ac- M.I. A. Era Director;

Ellen Hixon, Y.W.M.I.A. count of their remarkable achieveEra Director.

ments, but all the stakes which apSTAKE, MARICOPA 3rd pear on the citation lists conducted row, I. to r.; Pres. L.

Harold Wright; Blaine most efficient campaigns.

Cummard, Y.M.M.I.A.

Supt.; Elma Milano In Southern California a very in-

Y.W.M.I.A. Pres.; Fred

Arnett, Y.M.M.I.A. Era teresting contest developed between

Director. South Los Angeles, San Diego, Long

all reBeach, and Los SOUTH DAVIS STAKE, Angeles—and

4th Pres. In of Leaders citations. ceived Leader Wardrow, C.I. to Holbrook;r.:

B. David Barlow, Y.M. the Big Horn basin of Wyoming, the Supt.; M.I. A. Mona

Jensen, Y. W. M.

Pres.; Vickie Moss,I. A. Big Horn Stake reached a long-

Y.W.M.I.A. Era Direcsought-for goal—the Era in every tor.

home in every ward.

WASHINGTON STAKE, Stake led the Salt Lake Bountiful 5th row, J. citation. with a double Pres. area WillardI. to Marriott;r.:

S. Lyle Curtis. Y.M.

M.I. Supt.; A. R. South Idaho Falls led its area and Nona

Dyer, Y.W.M.I.A. Pres.;

Robert Terry, Y.M. took double honors.

M.I. Era A. Director;

T. Lynn Olsen, Y.W. In the missions excellent results

M.I. A. Era Director. were secured. No longer can the

as look the missions on down STAKE, 6th stakes YOUNG row, little brothers""the being of Era WillardI. C.to Stolworthy;r.: Pres.

Waite, Ray Y.M.M.I.A. campaigns. Missions now challenge

Supt.; Marjorie Waite,

Y. W. M. I. A. Pres.; (Continued on following page)

Claude Decker, Y.M.

M.I. A. Era Director; 519

Sallie Decker, Y.W

M.I.A. Era Director.

A Record of Achievement

(Continued from preceding page) the stakes in every phase of the campaign and frequently far exceed them.

The Eastern States Mission this year made a strong bid for leadership.

While, because of its much smaller membership, it could not successfully compete with the Southern States, it did lead all other missions in total subscriptions.

Canadian, West Central States, and

Eastern States all were in the top lists with citation awards.

The stake with the greatest gain in total subscriptions was Washington.

The stake with the greatest gain in percent was Long Beach. This means

that they led the other stakes in gains over last year.

The mission showing the greatest gain over last year was New England in total subscriptions and New England also in greatest gain in percent,

Percent of C. A. M. a total sweep in that field.

1st row, left MISSION, ENGLANDNEW

Richard Second W. Bushman, Counselor; Beulah to right:MayJ. Latimer,Howard Maughan,Era Director;MissionPriscillaPresident;Gale, In Lamanite subscriptions all recEraCANADIANDirector. MISSION, 2nd row, left to right: J. Melvin Toone, Mission President; Evelyn ords were broken. The Era has

Sutton, Y.W.M.I.A. Supervisor; Douglas W. Hinman, Y.M.M.I. A. Era Director; Gwenivere become a real missionary to theFrampton, Y.W.M.I.A. Era Director.

right: 3rd row, STATES CENTRAL left to John MISSION, MissionNORTH B. Hawkes, Lamanites, and its influence is growPresident; Gustave A. Matson, First Counselor; R. Arnold Second Knapp, and Counselor

M.I.A. Supervisor and Era Director; Kenneth L. Roberts, Mission Secretary; Bud Ricketts, ing.

MissionWESTERNStatistician.CANADIAN MISSION, 4th row, left to right: R. Scott Zimmerman, Mission Servicemen's subscriptions were a

President; L. Steffensen, Walter

Assistant Supervisor M.I.A. and EraY. M.M.I.Director.A. Supervisor and Era Director; Verla Ropp, little below last year.

Most encouraging was the number of wards and branches listed in the

Hall of Fame with the Era in every home. This represents not only real

achievement but also the ultimate goal of all Era campaigns.

The "Read Truth—Not Trash"Era

campaign now takes its place among the notable campaigns of the past and should be viewed with pride by the vast array of Era workers over the Church. The entire Era staff

joins in extending felicitations.

CITATIONS EXTRAORDINARY

STAKES

South Los Angeles

SPECIAL CITATIONS

MISSIONS New England

LEADER OF LEADERS

CITATIONS SUBSCRIPTIONS TOTAL row, left to right: Peter J. Ricks, Mission President; STAKESSOUTHERN STATES MISSION, 1st

D. Homer Yarn, First Counselor; Max Curtis Jewkes, Second Counselor; Eugene Jacobsen,

MissionEASTERNSecretary;STATES MISSION,LeOla Rogers,2nd M.I.A.row, leftSupervisorto right:andDelbertEra Director.G. Taylor, Mission President; South Los Angeles Stake; San Diego

Reeder, First Counselor; GarthWilliam W. L. Mangum, Second Counselor; Helen Beth Stake; Big Horn Stake; Los Angeles M.I.Henricksen, A. Supervisor Director. and Era

right: Sylvester row, left to 3rd Broadbent,WEST CENTRAL STATES MISSION, Mssion Stake.

President; Y.M.M.I.A. Reta Broadbent; Noel Rigby, Aide; Mission Rigby, Y.W.M.I.A. Mary

MissionEAST CENTRALAide. STATES MISSION, 4th row, left to right: John B. Matheson, Mission THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

President; Edna H. Matheson; Leo M. Lee, Y.M.M.I.A. Supervisor; Ada C. Lee, Y.W.M.I.A.

Supervisor; John H. Thompson, Era Director.

STANDARD CITATION WINNERS STAKES Percent of C.A.M.

*South Los Angeles, 422%; *San

Diego, 363%; *Long Beach, 234%;

*Big Horn, 233%; *Bountiful, 231%; The Improvement B

*Moapa, 218%; *Los Angeles, 206%;

Union, 202%; Florida, 183%; *South

Idaho Falls, 174%; Bannock, 172%;

Blackfoot, 169%; Maricopa, 166%;

* Phoenix, 166%; South Davis, 164%; AU'AK!>K!> TO

Washington, 164%; Young, 161%. South Los Angeles Slake

Total Subscriptions

*South Los Angeles, 2,880; *San

Diego, 1,731; *Moapa, 1,494; *Long CAMPAIGN

Beach, 1,438; *Bountiful, 1,257;

*Blackfoot, 1,208; *Big Horn, 1,206;

*Phoenix, 1,187; *Los Angeles, 969; I hi I.r.i in l.vi

Pocatello, 937; *South Idaho Falls,

922; *Mesa, 920; East Los Angeles, W."

900; Liberty, 853.

. MISSIONS 4. ii[

Percent of C.AM.

*New England, 540%; *Southern

States, 283%; Canadian, 243%; *Eastern States, 233%; North Central

States, 223%; Western Canadian,

216%.

Total Subscriptions

*Southern States, 2,973; * Eastern

States, 1.068; West Central States,

1,001; *New England, 998; East Central States, 888.

STAKES AND MISSIONS WITH GREATEST GAIN Stakes Long Beach Stake, Greatest point gain in percent of C.A.M., 39 points.

Washington Stake, Greatest percent gain in total subscriptions, 66%. The Improvement Em

Special MISSIONS *New England Mission, Greatest point gain in percent of Cash Award VVVARDKO TO

Minimum, 298 points. New England Mission

A<CL,mphihr,irnt<. *New England Mission, greatest Fin SnfrerWin

percent gain in total subscriptions, the 137%.

CAMPAIGN WARDS AND STAKE BRANCHES CITATION WINNERS of i>mi stakes a.i1 minion* lsctat'Group A Wards—Percent of C.A.M. f'.rciics! in percent gain? C iftA. \wxccuiM oi C. A. M2SB:'V?0'.'iwinh

Iona Branch, Big Horn Stake, t.iri'

1,150%; Deaver Frannie Ward, Big Tot iserijWioBS Missions A!! Church.

Horn Stake, 1,050%. Thi* (,'ita

Group A Wards—Total Subscriptions

National City Ward, San Diego Stake, 126; Miramonte Ward, South

Los Angeles Stake, 125.

Group B Wards—Percent of C.A.M.

Huntington Park Ward, South Los

Angeles Stake, 523%; *South Gate

(Continued on page 547):::::.:.::':::::i::::::-l:::J:

JULY 1953 521 HAROLD B. LEEAPOSTLE OE THE LORD

(Continued from page 508) managed with the advanced teachof life to come. Suffice to record

ing in a recreational program for the ings we have today about vitamins, that those curls caused more skinned entire stake membership, and in diets, and minimum food budgets knuckles and black eyes than either which all, regardless of their cirthat require food items as though politics or religion.

cumstances, could participate. This they were a necessity that then were "Finally he had had enough, and

necessitated the building of a stake only available as luxuries at Christ- I remember now how our mother wept gymnasium in which stake recreamas time or on other like gala occawhen he purloined a pair of scissors tional activities were centralized. As sions. Education was provided and and literally 'sawed'off one of the

stake president he launched the stake was within the reach of all who frontal danglers, spoiling the whole also upon a uniform and highly spewere willing to work, although it effect which made it necessary to cialized program of leadership deinvolved saving in the summer and delete the remainder—O welcome revelopment and teacher training. 'batching'and working one's way lief. He was at last a boy—a fat,

These activities continue today. through school by parttime employchubby one and a pet of all the

"He was married November 14, ment in"the winter."(Youth and teachers.

1923, to Fern L. Tanner, daughter of the Church, pp. 1213.) "We lived about three miles from

Stewart T. and Janet Coats Tanner Concerning his childhood, we have school and our earliest means of

of Salt Lake City."(Ibid., May 1941, the following from his brother Perry: transportation was a small sorrel

p. 270.) "We were decked out in short knee pony hitched to the shafts of a twoHis two lovely daughters, Maurine 'pants,'for all too many years, with wheeled cart. The delight of the

Lee Wilkins, wife of Ernest }. Wilkins, flowing white starched cuffs folded day was when we took turns driving

and Helen Lee Goates, wife of Bishop back over the coat sleeves and a the patient little animal to and from

L. Brent Goates, have borne him five white sailor collar draped down over school.

grandchildren, all boys. With these our shoulders. "I remember now the solicitude of

fine grandsons, Harold is experienc- "And then there were the ringlets. our mother (Father was away a good

ing the thrills and joys he hoped to Carefully combed and painstakingly deal of the time in those days), who have with sons whom the Lord did hand curled, they dangled down our helped hitch the little mare to the not see fit to give him. backs for all the world to see—and cart, hoist a bundle of hay on the

The fiber of Harold B. Lee's charpull—and scoff. Harold was sent back for its noonday meal, and then

acter was toughened and tested in to school at the age of five still with tuck us warmly in the two -wheeler the hard but priceless school of neceshis mass of beautiful hair. It may for the joyous ride to school."

sity. He gives us a glimpse of it be that then was when he first went Harold first learned to play the

in one of his talks to youth: "I have into training for the hard knocks baritone; later he played the tromthought of the discipline of the boy bone in a "dance orchestra which

and girl of my youthful days in a toured a circuit of nearby communirural community. We began to do ties.

'chores'shortly after daybreak so we "Earlier he had studied the piano could 'start'with the day's work by with a Scotch lady music teacher.

sunup. When the day's work was Hour after hour and at noontime his

finished, we had yet to do our pleasure was to play the piano—his

evening 'chores,'usually by aid of a favorites the resounding, swinging lantern. Despite the fact that there military marches. Some of his most

were no wages and hours regulapleasurable hours came later after tions or child labor laws, we did not his marriage and the advent of Helen seem to be stunted from our exerand Maurine when he could play tions. Sleep requirements did not piano duets with Maurine and acadmit of too frequent frivolities. Recompany Helen when she learned to

turns from our labors were small and play the violin.

usually came on a once-a-year basis "Since becoming a member of the at harvesttime. Homes of that day Twelve, he has often surprised and

went throughout the summer with pleased ward and stake officers about but very little ready money, but the Church when he has offered to from our cows we were provided substitute for an absent organist."

milk, butter, and cheese; in our He is an appreciative, grateful,

granaries there was usually sufficient helpful man, blessing all who touch wheat to be taken to the mill for his life.

flour and cereals. We had our own He loves the youth and is intimate

chickens and garden and fruits in with their problems. During 1945

season. Large families required he delivered a series of radio adMother to remodel the suits and dresses, titled Youth and the Church

dresses of the eldest to meet the—now available in book form—in

needs of the youngest who rarely which he developed the thesis that had a 'boughten'suit from the store. Fishing in Hebgen Lake, Montana, the sure solution to youth's problems

I do not know how we would have west of Yellowstone National Park. (Concluded on page 524)

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Going places over the "Fourth"?

PtAYSAfC/ STOPfOA.

CONOCO.first SaM SERVICE!

More than just an oil change—

A COMPLETE SAFETY SERVICE FOR YOUR CAR!

Fourfhof-July week end jusf ahead—what better time for an auto trip? But before

you leave, think of safety first—the protection you owe your family. Be sure your

car is safe and set with Conoco SafetyFirst Service! And remember fo drive carefully. Hope you'll have a wonderful time!

FREE tire inspection FREE battery check

He'll check air pressure and inspect all He'll test your battery—clean termitires for cuts, bruises and wear. nals, advise you if you need a battery

charge, or new cables.

FREE brake check He'll safetycheck your brake system Conoco lubrication and he'll recommend repairs when Using Conoco's special ChekChart for needed for safe driving. your make of car, he'll get to every

single lubrication point.

FREE cooling system check He'll examine your entire cooling sysDrain and refill with tem... drain it if you wish... make CONOCO Super MOTOR OIL

sure it's set for hotweather driving. He'll drain out your old oil. Then he'll

recondition air and oil niters and refill lighting system check FREE crankcase your with Conoco Super—the

He'll tail motor headlights, oil that oilplates inspect lights, sigsurfaces Super metal nal lights—to make sure your car has and helps your engine eat less—run

no defective bulbs. better—and live longer! toOTOliO!1

HEAVY DUTY CONOCO

the best there is for you and your car!

JULY 1953 523V HAROLD B. LEEAPOSTLE OF THE LORD

(Concluded from page 522) has borne witness that the Presihis coungospel of Jesus is the in the and Church dent of to be found (Do you need to "as that of final are chapter he selors God, prophets In the Christ.

make a writes:this book,"DuringI have livedthe intimatelypreparationwithof inmenoldenof Godtimes,speakso asin theyour areday,movedholy

the problems of youth. I have tried upon by the Holy Ghost."(Conferto lead you to see and understand ence Report, April 1946, p. 67.) "We

how the restored principles, powers have come to understand, and it is my SPEECH and ordinances of our glorious gospel firm conviction, that the thing most dispensation may be applied to the needed in the Church today is a or lives of the youth of today."(Ibid., membership stimulated to action by

WRITE AN p. 233.) a fervent conversion to the divinity

He loves the servicemen and is of the calling of the brethren who interested in their problems. During preside as leaders of this Church."ARTICLE World War II he traveled from camp (Ibid., April 1942, p. 86.)

on to camp seeking out, encouraging, He loves his family. The loyalty,

comforting, and inspiring the men affectionate consideration and love

AMERICAN and women of the Church and their for one another shown by parents,

INDEPENDENCE friends in every branch of the armed children, and grandchildren in his forces. His love and interest draw home is a worthy example to the

or them to him. Church.

is in great demand for temple He loves the Lord and the truth. UTAH PIONEERS He

marriages, and there are many couples "God bless us,"he said, "to seek who, but for the interest manifested always the face of our Heavenly in them by him and his devoted wife, Father. May we without fear, even

would not have reached the sacred unto death, protect the fountains of marriage altar together. truth.... May we do so willingly

Refer to the JULY ISSUES He loves his friends and associates. and with the seal of approval of our

of past years of the To their intimate friends he and his Heavenly Father upon us."(Ibid.,

IMPROVEMENT ERA wife are "Harold and Fern"and October 1943, p. 105.)

both are favorites. Harold is the Such is Harold B. Lee, who now

first one any of us calls upon in stands, not at the end of his career time of need. He has never failed but on its threshold. He knows his

course, is recognized for what he If you haven't saved them... or even hesitated to respond. We

never expect him to do so. is, and is on his way. Behind him

START NOW! He loves the brethren with and is a record of high attainment. Beunder whom he labors. From his fore him, "hills peep o'er hills, and

own statements it is clear that one Alps on Alps arise."Sustained by the

of the things which sustains him in conviction that he lives in the shadow

Save all your ERA's and have his boldness is his certain conviction of the Almighty, he will not falter.

them bound into a handy referthat the leadership of the Church is The future must reckon with Harold ence book. inspired. Over and over again he B. Lee.

The cost is just $3.00 per volume (f. o. b.

Salt Lake City). If necessary to mail them

to you the following postage rates will apply. THE CHURCH MOVES ON

from Distance special train returned from O The City, Salt Utah Rate Lake ** carrying approximately Omaha, 29 June 1953 miles 150 Up to 150 to 300 miles 35 (Concluded from page 496) 350 persons, including many of the Gen300 to 600 miles 43 eral Authorities.

600 to 1000 miles 55 President David O. McKay de70 miles to 1400 1000 address dedicatory the 1 livered for services were held Funeral and Q 83 miles to 1800 1400 Memorial Pioneer at the Mormon Assistant Richards, Stayner ** Elder 97 prayer miles 1800 Over

Bridge which spans the Missouri River. to the Council of the Twelve, in the

services, President Joseph the same Hall. Assembly at our conveniently located At Leave them of the of Council the Fielding Smith letter President McKay, who from A office. uptown address. historical delivered an at Elder East, Twelve is the in was read

high Containing funeral. Richards'

of the Council B. Lee Elder Harold

it to Richards, for on went Elder praise honorary received an of the Twelve

Richards'and Elder wisdom that say Press at degreeDeseret comof humanities News doctor assisting in aid great of were judgment Richards St. Salt31 Lake City, Utah.\ State at exercises Utah mencement site of a temple selecting in the

Agricultural College. Switzerland and of a projected location Phone 4-2581 ftf) in

projected This in England. for a temple were Boy Scouts The elevenyear-oldPlant-! 605 Industrial Road (1900 West) miles south twentyfive is located Men's Musite transferred from the Young

Phone 7-1584 -SALT LAKE CITY tual to the Primary Association. of London on the road to Brighton.

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA scores again w ithaNEW WINDOW SCREEN designed from your specifications

1. 1/. J.rrrr!Trr!T,!rx??-x.;.x.;.;v FingerTip Control iwrrrrruA'.

No hardware on the Sill Simplest Possible Installation

Positive Locked Tension Streamlined Good Looks

More ffan 2O00.000 MUMfMM fir no**f*i*i1>,(""?

There are RYLOCKs for all types of windows *.. doublehung, wood casement and metal

casement. Then—there's the amazing Shade

Screen for sunnyside windows.

i i "i

"NO HARDWARE ON THE SILL"... There is no

hardware on the window sill, to catch dust and dirt and mar the appearance of the window. In the very widest

screens there is one screw on the sill. Sills are easier to clean.

"CAM ACTION"-... The little lever with fingertip action

works on the cam principle, with instant release and instant closure with tension applied and the screen locked in the single motion. Nothing to snap at you! Flip up, screen's loose—push down, screen's tight. That's all!

MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

See Your Lumber Dealer Building Material Distributors

JULY 1953 525 IN THE GOOD OLD SUMMERTIME

(Concluded from page 511) take, to plan and work with a comstraight line toward achievement or of continuous summer work, "You munity of interest that has made me allowing him to move off in a direcmake me tired just to think of it."a more understanding person as I tion of least resistance and failure.

Others say, "Our boys and girls have grown older."Leaders and members both have a

work in the summer; they cannot The summer program, therefore, is real part in building lives of satiscome to Mutual."There is one an- a large piece of the backbone of the faction and happiness and eternal

enswer that is true—and has no comeentire Mutual program—and somehappiness hereafter through the

older ones people, and it difference can times mean theback—young

to do time also, findfor that matter, of a the moving tween person mabethusiasticgram. response to the summer prothe things they want to do. They

find some kind of entertainment. It

doesn't matter how long they work in. the peas, or among the beets, or

them, harvesting or cropsplanting d5Lia5 relaxation. for The lance—and timethey find

question we must ask ourselves as Richard L. Evans

Mutual workers is: "Have we made i this question again of balance: Almost anyone, if hethe kind of program that is inviting O will let himself, can bring himself to seeing only one

the that enough, magneticenough, for see. Debaters, to side wants he of a side subject—the then want will attend folk andyoung prejudice, without question first a approach at example, may for more?"to back come to, assigned are they side the concentrate on as they but

is are there two no, If the answer placed if had as someone almost vision their can become so resign somecan alternatives: we that evidence the see only they and them, blinders upon of the need vision the hasone who weight fail to give due (or fail see to side their and favors or over; take we can for the work

can reorganize our program itself and to) the evidence that favors the other side. And soon they

our planning to pull those who should have built, what is to them at least, a convincing case.

be in attendance to come regularly And others who are assigned to defend the opposite side to Mutual. can become equally convinced in an opposite direction. This

There is something for everyone is only one illustration of how men may become overin the Mutual; the advertising plus balanced if they confine themselves to restricted facts or

the program itself should be made disregard evidence which seems to them to be pointing away so effective that everyone will feel from where it ought to point. This brings us again to the

that the place to be on Mutual night hazards of extreme specialization, and again to the question is in Mutual throughout the summer of what could be called "educated illiteracy."Will Rogers

educated so stupid as an "there is nothing that the winter. remarked once as during as well months

in,"1 which educated off he was prothe thing of if you get feature man, the summer Another gram is particularly important and is was merely his homely way of suggesting that because a one which General President Bertha person is an expert in one field he is not necessarily an expert

S. Reeder has stressed during her in others also: It is not safe to assume that because someone

presidency; it is the summer camping knows one thing well he knows all things well. And this

for each girl in the Mutual. At the brings us again to a point of advice to young people: that

present time there are twentyone in their studies, in their pursuits of understanding, in all established camps for girls throughtheir activities, they do not put blinders upon their eyes out the Church. These service many and look only down narrow lines, and assume that the

adjoining stakes. In addition a great tangent they are on encompasses the whole sphere of eternal

already rent of the stakes in light shining number as if it an infinite were (which is such as Boy established camps questions. unanswered are Scout, truth—all directions). so many There

Girl Scout, and Y.W.C.A. camps. In There is so much that none of us knows, that all of us tothe Seattle area the stakes rent the gether do not know. And one of the great and invaluable

Presbyterian Church camp for some lessons of life is to learn to live a well balanced life, and camping experience for the girls of to learn to know that when we have seen a small segment those areas. of something, we haven't seen everything there is; and that

Seventyfive of the stakes that have when we have followed one little line of evidence, we haven't no homes have given their girls the yet found a fullness of understanding. There is danger in

experience by tent camping. Camppresuming to arrive at final conclusions with insufficient

ing gives the girls rich experience in facts.

sharing that adds much to their lives.

One woman who enjoyed the expe- 'Will Rogers (Durant, On the Meaning of Life).

rience of camping because the bishop took the girls of his ward to his canJke Spokenipoken, l/l/orcLWord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE yon site each summer, stated, "It PRESENTED OVER KSLSYSTEM,AND THEMAY COLUMBIA3, 1953 BROADCASTING was the greatest experience of my Copyright, 1953 summer. We learned to give and

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

The threeman

We've always liked the story of the building so tall thousands contributed specialized thinking, bit by it took three men, each looking where the other left bit.

off, to see the top of it. Even so apparently simple a thing as the electric

lamp was brought to brilliance by a parade of names.

This tall story is now true, instead of whimsical.

Edison, Coolidge and Langmuir supplied the shoulThere are projects afoot in the United States today ders other men stood on to see further.

so complex and vast that 10,000 scientists and engineers of different talents would be useful as a task Developing jet engines, millionvolt x rays, steam force "to see to the top of them."turbines, gas turbines, fluorescent lamps, motors,

refrigerators enlisted first a troop, then a regiment,

One project of this complexity is atomic energy then an army of diversified research and engineering—or, if you prefer, the atomic bomb. Was it a chemiskills at General Electric.

cal problem? Or electrical? Or a physics problem? Teams are now exploring germanium (and its

Or mathematical? Did it call for exploration in metaltransistor children), cyclotrons, silicones, computers,

lurgy, thermodynamics, radiation, electronics, or or such defense assignments as electronic gunfire what? All were involved. More likely, fifty subdivicontrols, atomic submarine propulsion, plutonium

sions of knowledge needed exploring.

production, guided missiles.

No single mind, no matter how many degrees Today, out of General Electric's 226,000 emafter his name, knew one tenth of the total answer ployees, one in twenty is an engineer. The new

the nation now has in its hands. No single explorer products you see are both the cause and effect of this

ferreted out the answer. An integrated task force of engineering force.

0et conmwTice oa cam Md GENERAL ELECTRIC JULY 1953 527 This is a continuation of the teacher's supplements for the Melchizedek PriestClass instructors should endeavor to keep upto-date with their lessons hood lesson course for 1953. Helps for in the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums. Some classes have not yet finished

previous lessons have appeared in prelast year's course of study. It is suggested that the lessons not yet studied

ceding months. be summarized in one or more lessons and then start upto-date with the

new lessons and keep current each week.

Lesson XXVI The Christological Controversy (Cont.) GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE

THE COUNCIL OF CHALCEDON DYOPHYSITISM IMPOSED ON THE CHURCH Step 3. of the Council of Chalcedon the

Text: L. Barker, James the land. The law Divine Church, of class additional discussion using Induce by Part, Second Lesson B. leaders of opposition. XXVI. the Banished questions followas the such problems and Teaching Objective: Ruthlessly C. religious crushed uprisings ing:

trace effect the To in in Palestine of changes Egypt. the and facts historical that the show 1. What civil government the upon doctrines of the Leo, successor to Marcian. Emperor of as III. bishop considered not was Rome church.

of the First church? A. head sought a with compromise

Suggestions on teaching procedure: 2. How could Peter speak through Leo? Timothy Aelurus, bishop of Alexan-

3. If Peter could speak through Leo, why dria and leader of the monophysite

Step 1. was this procedure not followed during doctrine.

three previous centuries? failed, he used compromise B. When Place the on blackboard outline an

political of 4. Arethe pressures force, any to brought into sending Egypt an army historical the material covered. to be The bear our upon in regard exiling church own and Timothy. is following suggestive:

to doctrine? IV. The next emperor, Basiliscus, denounced

Dyophysitism (Dual Nature of ]esus) the Council of Chalcedon and restored

Imposed on the Church Step 4. Timothy.

A. Five bishops hundred their changed

I. The Summary civil in the Changes government. doctrine concerning the of nature A. II dies. Theodosius Ask to briefly a quorum up member sum in Christ order to agree with the B. Marcian succeeds ideas Theodosius II as the lesson. he has gained the from emperor.

of emperor the East.

II. Effect of changes in the civil governStep 5. V. The Emperor Zeno regained the throne

ment church. upon the theological views of the Assignments: A.andAgainreassertedthe majoritythe Chalcedonof bishopsdoctrine.re-

A. Under Theodosius II the eastern 1. Arouse general quorum interest in versed their doctrine and agreed with

churches supported Eutyches in his reading the text by leaving with the the new emperor.

members view that Christ was of one nature a challenging problem such B. Bishop of Acacius Constantinople

as the following: only, the having human been abpersuaded to effect Zeno a comsorbed by the divine at the incarna- (a) When doctrines are imposed upon promise.

tion. Bishop of Leo a people force, his by resistance and Rome can C. published Zeno the or Henoticon "tome"denouncing this be expected? doctrine happens What of "edict Union."

set had is aside been force the general by a when removed? (Read 1. of the Nature Henoticon. council. text, your for Chapter XXVII, (a) of Accepted canons Nicea and II Theodosius died, answers.) B. When the new Ephesus.

emperor, Marcian, favored the view (b) Rejected the of formulas of the that Christ West of Lesson was two XXVII Chalcedon. natures, divine and human. 2. Henoticon given the of force law RESISTANCE TO THE COUNCIL eastern OF bishops The (1) hastened to the by emperor. CHALCEDON, ATTEMPTS AT their change views.

3. Like most compromises, it pleased RECONCILIATION, THE HENOTICON did Those (2) not change who were neither party.

exiled.

L. Text: Barker, James Divine The Church, Bishop Leo's (3) "tome"acnow 2. Step Part, Second Lesson XXVII. cepted.

III. of Council Chalcedon. The

A. Called Marcian by against Bishop Teaching Objective: of Followingthe strugglethebetweenoutline, thoserelatewhothe believedaccount

Leo's desires. To show the causes of violent church in a "single nature"of Jesus after the in-

B. Work of the council. controversy during the fifth Christian cencarnation and those who believed in a "dual

(1) Exiled Dioscorus. tury. nature"of Jesus after the incarnation.

(2) Leo's "tome to Flavian"approved. Suggestions on teaching procedure: Step 3.

that appears claim "Peter (3) New discussion Induce using such 1. questions by Step Leo."has spoken through the as following:

of Leo's Nature "tome."(4) Place the on blackboard of an outline

1. is a compromise uncertain Why an (a) of Doctrine natures. two the historical material covered. The foland inadequate for solution doctrinal a Tertullian's (b) Based treais on suggestive: lowing

dispute? against Parxeas. I. Chalcedonian doctrine The of "two na- 2. the have Saints Latterday How avoided (c) nesbetween tiseA tures"the opposed in by the churches controversy this on subject? same torianism—twocompromise East. (Bring out fact the that additional monophysitism and one natures—A. definition Chalcedonian The revelation a was clarified has our of view nature.

(5) Opposition overcome by emeasternRoman churchesformula forcedby imperialupon authe the nature of Jesus.) peror's influence.

(6) The orthodox position. thority. Step 4.

eastern B. The churches were preThe SummaryStep 2. dominantly monophysite.

Following the outline, bring out by quesII. The violence of persecution by Emperor The summary at the beginning of the

tion and comment the essential historical Marcian of the monophysite heresy. lesson may be read at this point to refresh

facts. A. Issued decrees making the decisions the memory as to events and issues involved.

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

Step 5. C. The Emperor Justin, who succeeded 2. Special Assignment:

Anastasius, was a zealous Catholic. a. Have a quorum member come

Assignments 1. What "Catholic"had come to prepared to discuss the importance

of effect of the mean. and "Code

1. interest in next general the Arouse

2. called. council Justinian."A the leaving with lesson quorum by

four (a) previous Recognized challenging problem, some members (325), Lesson ConXXIX councils—Nicea following: the as such stantinople Ephesus (381), at will the attitude church a. What and Chalcedon (431), (451). JUSTINIAN THE AND CHURCH Read to the take Henoticon? Rome (b) Reestablished communion XXVII. Chapter

at L. Barker, with church Text: Rome. Church, Divine The James

III. The increasing prestige of the bishop Second Part, Lesson XXIX.

Lesson XXVIII (pope) of Rome.

Objective: Teaching forced emperors other 1. Western had OPPOSES HENOTICON THE ROME

to to bishops appeal Rome.

to the an bring quorum members To II of Edict defined Theodosius L. Barker, Text: Divine Church, 2. The James at of the pope understanding Rome how in as being Catholicism communion Part, XXVIII. Lesson Second the of to rose dominance a position among the of churches with and Rome

churches. Christian Alexandria. Objective: Teaching

lost at church Alexandria 3. The its Suggestions on teaching procedures: influence the Vandals overran when To show the growing influence of the

disinteAfrica. of the North the effect and church Roman 1.

acceptance of Leo's of the Empire the 4. The gration "tome"gave Step upon Roman

Place on the blackboard an outline of prestige to bishop of Rome. churches.

historical material to be covered. The the lays first Celestine claim 5. Pope (431)

is suggestive: following "the successor to be holding the and Suggestions on teaching procedure:

place"of Peter.

Justinian and the Church Step 1.

Step 2. of outline the of blackboard Place an of bishop on Hormisdas, formula I. The Following the outline bring quesout by covered. material to be historical The the Rome. tion of the and the power how comment is suggestive: following bishthe invited Justin Emperor A. The at increased. church Rome

legates of to to Consend op Rome

Rome Opposes the Henoticon Step 3. stantinople.

church. to the unite 1. Effort discussion Induce using such questions by the I. of disintegration EmRoman The of faith 2. a Legates formula brought the as following: pire. pope. the from 1. the In struggle of various the churches

invaders (Goths A. Germanic and Visiformula. pope's of the B. Nature for factors power favored what Rome?

the swept over Goths) western Peter. 1. emto succession Claimed 2. factors the caused at church What

fell 476. pire. in 2. the monophysites. Rome Condemned its to Alexandria lose leadership?

B. The Vandals overran North Africa. 3. How did the fall of Rome to the 3. Accepted Leo's "tome"and the

of Chalcedon. Council actually hordes increase Germanic eastern threatened empire C. was The

all follow to 4. things in Promised the of the at power church Persians. the Rome? by

Peter. first the claim was a 4. When by made control destroyed the invader D. The 5. separated those Requested had who that pope successor of he the was of the emperor over the Roman with from themselves communion Peter? this wasn't claim made Why in areas those conquered. church dipthe effaced to from be Rome earlier of bishops by Rome?

left the In the turn invader E. church to tics (equivalent excommunicaalone and in time was conquered by Step 4. tion).

Christianity. C. The formula accepted.

F. The Christian religion, though terThe Summary 1. By the Emperor Justin.

of 2. Constantinople. patriarch the By toribly the divided, held empire Briefly the of findings summarize the in Constantinople. 3. the bishops By gether. class hour. following ideas should be The

4. of neighboring the monheads By of Constantithe fall After G. Rome, included:

asteries. seat the of the nople became Roman 1. of invasion the The Empire Roman of to the schism Brought end an D. Empire. increased reliance the of the people Acacius.

II. The effect of the breakup of the empire upon the churches. E. Formula rejected by churches in

the church. upon 2. Syria. churches Asia Minor, bolder Egypt, in their The and became

(bishop became pope of Rome) A. The of doctrines, especially annunciation II. Justinian. of the the domination freed from areas in those the of reach beyond the empire. A. Unified at Constantinople. emperor the emperor. Roman 1. territory Reconquered in North enforce could emperors not 1. The

3. Italy, as Schisms, Africa, such the Spain. of and schism their depositions.

all bishops urged pope 2. The to wasAcacius,no waywereto unavoidableenforce unity.as there B. Codified2. Restoredthe civillaws. order. to the Council devoted remain

of Chalcedon and vigorously op- 4. During this period we find the first 1. Civil code.

posed the Henoticon which was announcement of a pope of Rome 2. Religious code.

a compromise. that he is the successor of Peter. (a) Enacted Christian doctrine in-

3. Pope Felix excommunicated Acato law.

cius, patriarch of Constantinople. Step 5. (b) Acknowledged leadership of

the church. Roman schism (484518). Acacian Assignments: B. The

(c) Proclaimed the of dominion 1. Acacius, supported the emby

the the church. empire over 1. Arouse general interest in the next defied peror, Anastasius, the pope

Heretics or to be put to death leaving the class lesson by with a (d) at Rome.

estates confiscated. have challenging problem, as such the of decree 2. imposed the emperor A

the Henoticon on all Christian following: C. Justinian, the final judge of true docsubjects of the empire. a. Who was Justinian? What effect trine.

3. Anastasius refused to accede to the did he have upon the Roman Em- 1. Gave final interpretation in case

conditions set by the pope for pire? Upon civil law? Upon reof doctrinal disputes.

union. ligious law? (Concluded on page 539)

JULY 1953 529 mPresiding

moments, have yielded to the tempter, Aaronic Priesthood

Ward Teachers Urged to if in my own life, I have not known the meaning of repentance of my own imleach by Example perfections? Speakers Should Respect

How can I say impressively, "Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself,"Allotted Time

if not contribute (Matt. I do 19:19) but as a criticism intended is not to This

if or I have love the own home in my observation with a sugas an only of others? for tolerance the weakness no

Is it likely that I shall influence peogestion for improvement.

assigned to teacher, ordained An I forgive those forgiving, unless to ple be stake quarterly in six a minutes speak against trespassed me? have who minutes. twenty spoke conference, He

it Is to convert for possible me my his address stories in which four used if tithing, of to the law neighbors in his presented be not could I obviously strictly heavenly with honest not my am six one minutes. of Any allotted time

tithes? of in the Father payment my

stories been have four would of the

I to the obedience teach can How the right. young Apparently, about

if I a at of home, am Wisdom, Word to instructed keep not been had man in cafe at or strict the observer, but left free limit his but was time within it I a to take society, smart consider as he dematerial present as much the to coffee, out with of or while cup retime to the respect sired without

I justified feel in taking an occaboys, KENT GARNER presentation. for the quired

cigaret? sional

(Following is an address delivered by How can I consistently say to my When speakers exceed their time

Kent Garner during a recent quarterly associates, "Be ye clean,"if I fail to limits, they are taking the time allotted conference of the Ben Lomond (Utah) keep my moral standards at the safe to someone else. In a quarterly conStake. Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the level? ference, the person usually denied his

Presiding Bishopric represented the How can I inspire all members to do rightful share of the time, in such inGeneral Authorities of the Church.) their duty if I do not practise what I stances, is the visiting member of the

is particularThis Authorities. General preach? taught Saints atterday been haveT unfortunate. ly I all, expect of can Most how my responsibility can greater that no Priesthood members Aaronic in the to be with Father heavenly me When teacherrest to a be any than upon man of in addresses any give to duties, are assigned teaching of performance ward my children.of God's

given a are time meetings and if our I his merit companionship not do

I teacher, ask myself a As ward so inform limit, them living? leaders should righteous through own my I things practise the believe and"Do their to avoid with strength I counsel give them will and the pray Lord meI that extent to the teach, to attempt

of presentation more the to the undertaking admonition Paul's to follow as as in in action, well testimonymy in the be presented than material can be an thou youthful Timothy, "... as being, will radiate fromword, my

in time. in suggested of word, the believers, example of of theI enter the members homes

spirit, in in charity, in conversation, ward?"my

I (I that faith, purity,"in 4:12) Tim.

I of virtues the emphasize can How Bishops that taught, as the Master teach might if I of fault guilty finding withtruth of am supply ordered your you Have that shine light they so who may my if or of neighbors, friends they and for leaders handbooks the new 'my glorify shall works see good my my 21? I of under Priesthood Aaronic advantage that taken haveknow

a brother in the cowardly manner of Father which is in heaven.

criticizing or belittling him, for my own deceitful, selfish gain, or that I look for the worst in my friends, and talk about them behind their backs when they are not there to defend themselves.

Shall I be able to encourage those whom I visit to observe the Sabbath day and keep it holy, if I spend the day at the movies, the ball game, or use it to catch up on odd jobs I neglected during the week?

Can I effectively accept the challenging responsibility of a ward teacher SOUTH BOX ELDER (UTAH) STARE SCORES 21 PERFECT ATTENDANCE RECORDS at record attendance established a perfect Priesthood Aaronic members Twentyone ".. tothat. see church the meet to

1952. during meetings sacrament priesthood and

..., "(D. often gether 20:55) & C. Quayle, 4; Reese qualifying: First row: right, of years Kay Pierce, Left to with number

especially in sacrament meeting, if when 5; Phillip Oyler, 1; Clinton Jeppsen, 1; Keith Dixon, 1; Darwin Hailing, 1.

the meeting convenes, I am not among Second Row: Deon Jeppsen, 1; Richard Thorne, 1; Jerry Meservy, 2; Scott Grover,

1; Reed Goldsberry, 1; Thomas Mclntire, 3; Brent Horsley, 1; Kent Hunsaker, 1; Dennisthose present?

1. Sheffield,

How can I give encouragement and Third row: Mark Kunzler, 1; Wynn Parker, 1; Wallace Bunnell, 3; Robert Jensen, 3;

teach repentance to those who, in weak Curtis Larsen, 3; Roland Jeppsen, 2.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Challenging Record Follow the Program of the Church

"Dishops, are you following the problame should expected results fall short.

gram as outlined by the Presiding While your individual ideas may be

Bishopric for the senior members of very commendable and it is usually the Aaronic Priesthood? Have you easier to evaluate your own ideas above

visited personally the senior members of those of others, to use them in place of the Aaronic Priesthood of your wards? the recommended program of the

Have you set up committee and quorum Church will bring about disunity, disorganizations as counseled? Do you cord, and confusion. They should be

hold the ward Aaronic Priesthood meetused to supplement the program of the ing during the second week of each Church, not to replace it. Don't be one

month as instructed? Do you hold to say, "They don't understand our situregularly the monthly ward Aaronic ation. This was meant for others, not

Priesthood leadership meeting as outfor us."

lined? Do you check carefully and If you feel that you have suggestions

report accurately the activities of these of merit, present them for the conbrethren and their leaders? sideration of those who are called to

Follow the program of the Church. decide and let their decisions be your

WAYNE LEONARD SHARP To do other than this is to match your call to action.

judgment against the leaders of the

Wayne, now a priest, has attended Church whom God has chosen to direct every priesthood meeting, sacrament his affairs upon the earth. To take exmeeting, and Sunday School in the Rexception to their counsel is to take upon YAIECREST WARD, BONNEVILLE STAKE

burg First Ward, North Rexburg yourselves the responsibility for pos- (Idaho) Stake, since he was ordained a sible failure. To follow carefully their FIRST TO QUALIFY FOR WARD

deacon April 11, 1948. directives is to relieve yourselves of AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AWARD

Sixtynine percent of all Aaronic Priesthood members 12 to 21 in the Yalecrest

Stake, City) (Salt Lake Bonneville REPORT ON AWARDS ISSUED Ward,

PriestAaronic qualified for the individual

During the first five months of 1953, the Presiding Bishopric approved and hood award to tie their ward with one issued awards for 1952 as follows: other for first honors in earning the ward

for 1952. Priesthood award Aaronic

Total Priests Teachers Deacons to is published belated photograph This 13,325 7144 3614 2567 Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards Priesthood of Aaronic large this group honor leadership efficient the follow who Seals bearers Awards Branch Stake Awards Awards 100% Ward his coun- B. Alfred and of Smith Bishop 1068 28 217 4 Alton Koplin selors, and H. G. Walter

Sorensen, and their associates.

I

MpM

....:;::::

fl

*,,,,. >%i.::

v M

lift

If GRANDMA PARKER'S RING deepprettyscowlface. of "What'sunhappinessthe matter,on Lennie'sSister? Aren't things going well with

(Continued from page 517) have. Why couldn't he see her as you?"she asked tactfully.

ground. child? else besides firmly a something "At on the placedthen that Richard Parker! "Oh, it's—it's I while that work. So is a man's least he concedes"This am a girl!"furious!"makes Lennie me so He

I'm around we'll have no girl messing she fumed as she pranced along the cried heatedly.

things up."Richard gave her a broad flowerbordered walk that led to

wink and pushed her playfully tothe treeshaded house. "Really now, I've always thought

ward the white farmhouse. Lennie bounced up the broad back of him as one of the nicest young

I know. What could he have Lennis'heart caught in her throat steps two at a time, and on entering men

as the receding rays of sunlight glisthe spotless kitchen she slammed the possibly done to upset you so?"

tened darkly on his nobly shaped screen door loudly behind her. "It's not what he did! It's the

head. He was so cleanlooking and Mrs. Allrich turned questioning things he said! Calling me a younghad all the culture and polish that eyes to her daughter and arched her ster! I think he's mean; he has

a newly returned missionary should brows in surprise as she noted the no chivalry at all!"

"On the contrary, I think he is most chivalrous. Chivalry today

really means nobility of thought and goodness of character rather than rushing to the aid of maidens in distress as it did in the days of King

Arthur. I'm sure that poor Richard

possesses all the necessary attributes.

"Oh, Mother, you don't understand! Just look at me! To think

he'd have to catch me looking like something that had been found on a scavenger hunt!"

"I think perhaps I do understand,"replied Mrs. Allrich thoughtfully, a

new light dawning in her intelligent, hazel eyes. "How about a nice bath

and doing something about your hair?"she added in brisk afterthought.

In the sanctity of her room, Lennis scanned herself critically in the fulllength mirror, and in all honesty she had to admit that the jeans, braids, and flat shoes made her look slightly less than juvenile.

9a. J/ua. Q/oWl Hdwul?

That had been on Tuesday; now it

was Saturday night. Richard was

IT COULD BE! At the beginning of school next picking up Rodney for a double date

autumn about 2200 students will reside in dormifor the weekly church dance. Of

course there would be Julie Lasson tories and apartments on the Brigham Young Uniand the provocative Katie Jones. Rod

versity Campus. The students above are relaxing and Lennie were each in their rein the living room of one of the sixteen new women's spective rooms getting ready for the

apartment buildings, one of the finest campus resinight of fun and frolic when Lennie heard her mother admit someone dence developments in the nation. B Y U is the into the living room. Thinking that

fastest growing university in the West, but there it was Frank Dawson, her current is room for you at your Church school. Write the date, she grabbed up her white wool

registrar for information. stole and hurried out to greet him,

her green organdy swishing saucily about her legs. On parting the

draperies to their homey living room, (BhiqhciWL ctJDunq. lAnwsUiAify. she stopped short, her fingers flutterPROVO-UTAH ingnot attheherexpectedthroat. Frank,For therebut astood,very

handsome Richard Parker.

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Oh I thought you were someone In spite of her high heels, Lennie Frank Dawson.

else,"she gasped helplessly. "Rod felt virtually sawedoff at the sight "Haven't you heard about GrandRodney will be out in a sec."of Katie, and she wished savagely that ma Parker's ring?"asked Frank nonRichard blinked his brown eyes, her long dead grandmother, whom chalantly.

shook his head in mock confusion, everyone said she, Lennie, was an "No."

and cried in a low voice of feigned identical replica of, had been a tall, "On Richard's return home his disbelief, "No, it's a mirage! This stately girl. grandmother gave him a priceless

can't be the little Lennis Fay Allrich "Ahha,"sang out Sue Peterson, old ring to give to the girl of his of the pigtails and skinned knees. who with her partner was dancing choice. I guess the old girl wants

Why, it isn't possible!"very close to Lennie, "do you suphim to get married. I suppose he's

Lennis could see, though he was pose it will be our fair Kate who inold enough."

clowning, the admiration written on herits Grandma Parker's diamond "Yes, Frank, but about the ring?"

his countenance was real, and a wild ring? "I understand it's a handmade

new hope fluttered momentarily in "Grandma Parker's ring?"Lennie antique of rare beauty. It's been in

her breast. Her mirror had told her turned startled, questioning eyes to (Concluded on following page)

she looked more than pretty this evening, so her blue eyes met his confidently. "For your information,

Mr. Parker, this woman is now a

lofty sophomore at the university.

Time marches on, you know!"

"Not really!"The disbelief in his

voice was now genuine, and there was a newborn awareness in his eyes.

THE SEEKER

By Elaine V. Emans

She sought by every means she knew To reach the dear, enchanted place

Of being grownup, going through Her teens, impatient, and apace.

But now she knows the sober truth That her enchanted land was youth, And constantly attempts to learn NEW PREMIUM GASOLINE GIVES

Some route by which she may return.

Just then Frank arrived to claim her, and the spell was broken. With as few formalities as possible he 2to 18% MORE

whisked her away to the dance in his prized jalopy.

Lennie danced lightly with her of a partners, having a show making

'','.'.'.'..-'.

;:;;-:-;;-;-;-;-:;;:-:'-**:xy: -''*-;-;-;-:;>;;':;;:;:::::;;*:< invisible time. if by an But as good KHemBPmm

magnet her gaze was repeatedly drawn to the entrance of the recreation hall. Presently her vigilance

awaited long rewarded. The was

sailed through all but foursome the Ask Us About it!

wide door—Rod with his precious

sporting the wilJulie, and Richard YOUR SINCLAIR DEALER his arm. Jones on lowy Katie

JULY 1953 533 GRANDMA PARKER'S RING movegrace ofanda professional.followed throughIn thewithcoursethe

of the evening he was her partner (Concluded from preceding page) forever. Pure superstition, of course. for three more dances.

the Parker family for generations.""Of course,"agreed Lennie af- "Could I ask for more?"breathed

"Really!"and an antipathy for fably, keeping her emotions well in Lennie, a feeling of reckless felicity

Katie Jones gripped her being. With rein. engulfing her small person.

difficulty she quickly dispelled this Very soon Richard claimed her for She could, indeed, for as they were feeling, for in her heart she knew that a dance, and she felt herself drift leaving the floor after their last dance

Katie was a fine girl. off into space on the proverbial pink together, Richard stated very simply,

"Yes,"continued Frank, "some cloud. This was her very first dance without any artificial finesse, that if

king of Siam gave it to one of the with the boy she had secretly loved it suited her, he would like very much

Parker men. There is some hocussince she was a little girl, and it being her escort to next Saturday

pocus about the giver being inspired excelled her wildest expectations. It night's dance.

to give it only to a girl he can cherish was as if she anticipated his slightest Lennie found mere words were not adequate to voice her assent, so she nodded her head wonderingly and searched deep into Richard's eyes.

That was the beginning, and the fleeting summer months saw Lennie and Richard as constant companions.

At church, on picnics, at parties and JCest Forget... We dances they made a delightful twosome. Richard had completely forgotten that he once regarded the

petite Lennis as his best friend's little sister, and no more. It seemed incredible that she had not always been

the fresh, glowing symbol of womanhood she now was in his eyes.

It was a soft, warm night in late

UTAH STATE'S NEW August. A big, yellow harvest moon

STUDENT UNION BUILDING had put in a premature appearance bathing the entire valley in its mellow light. Richard turned his car exSpiritual as well as social development has always pertly into the Allrich driveway, the

been emphasized at Utah State. (That USAC is one of nervousness he had felt all evening

America's leading colleges in producing distinguished still his close companion. Lennie

scientists and leaders proves the quality of the instituhad wondered vaguely about his tion's scientific education and its power to strengthen seeming unrest but had not attached character.) too much importance to it.

Now the facilities for aiding students'mental, emoHe stopped the car abruptly and tional, and spiritual growth have been much improved. turned to Lennie, his strong face

Not far from the L.D.S. Institute of Religion on College serious in the moonlight, fumbling

Hill is the new Student Union, one of the loveliest and helplessly in his coat pocket for some most useful buildings ever constructed. Each provides object. "Lennie,"he whispered softly,

setting for social, recreational, and spiritual activities then made no other move. levels inspiration. on the highest of beauty and

"Yes, Richard,"she encouraged.

is likewise in offered education standard AgriHigh darling, "Oh, Lennie I want you... culture Arts and Sciences Commerce... to Parker's ring,"have Grandma

...... Engineering Forest, Technology... Education and

Range, and Wildlife Management... Home Economics and as he held it up for her to see, it

... Grauate Studies. winked beckoningly to her. "It's a

very good ring,"Richard gulped on.

FALL QUARTER REGISTRATION... is"It'sa wholehandkarat.carved, You'reand thea littlediamondlike September 2426 Grandma, so I'm sure it will fit."

For catalog and other information, address "Oh, Richard,"cried Lennie

The President tremulously, unshed tears brightening her blue eyes. "I don't give a hoot

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE aboutIt's youGrandmaI care about!Parker's If oldyou ring.are

proposing, the answer is yes and LOGAN UTAH I'll be beholding to wear it, I don't care how old it is!"

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bill's eyes narrowed, looked his coat on a nearby brush to dry

Private Page of the Mormon Mathewson up and down. He igand took his mess kit from the box

nored the remark and turned to an of personal belongings inside the empty space in the far righthand tent, leaving the top open in his (Continued from page 513) corner of the tent, taking his blanket haste. With a strong appetite he

at the far edge stood a fine young roll from Higgins. With an efficiency attacked the meal, eating by himself,

buck, proud, with head erect, staring born of long practice, he spread his his thoughts heavy, pretending unat him. Unable to quiet the rapid blankets into a neat tight bed. Then, concern at the glances turned his

hammering in his chest, Bill snapped gathering his coat, he walked the way. After washing the mess kit,

the rifle to his shoulder just as the short distance to the stream, rinsing he strode stiffly toward his tent, with buck exploded into movement. The the coat time and again in cold water black brows drawn down, lips tight.

shot caught him in mid air. He until the last trace of blood was He felt the sweat in his palms, wiped

crumpled to the ground before he gone. them on his trouser legs.

could complete his second leap. Bill Mess was being served when he got The flap on the tent was drawn

grinned. This was something he back to the battalion area. He hung (Continued on following page)

understood. He walked to the fallen

deer, thinking that this was the manner in which the events of life struck you, suddenly and without warning.

Minutes passed before he finished preparing his kill. Then, hoisting the

small buck to his shoulders he gave his attention to the faint game trail which led along the bank of the stream. He walked silently, except

for a low whistle. The sun was GET THESElowering in the west. The bonetouching chill of evening was beginning to replace the afternoon'swarmth. As always the camp seemed HELPS WHEN

chaos when he came into the area, but as if by a miracle the confusion quickly settled into the routine of an YOU SEE army post.

He walked over to the mess tent.

Unceremoniously he dropped thedeer to the ground and flexed his UTOCOLAND shoulders. "There he is, Sarge. Save a steak for me."- Sergeant Collins looked THIS SUMMER

down at the deer, pleased at what he saw. "Fine, Billy. A nice tender steak. New Free Booklet "Highway Adventures"

We always have the best meat in This booklet proved so popular last year that we have published the battalion."Bill smiled, knowing a new 1.953 edition—even more complete than the previous

it was true. Collins made him feel issue. A copy is yours for the asking. You'll appreciate having

good. He raised his hand in farethis in your car—for suggestions on week end trips and vacations

well and walked off, peeling the coat in UtocoLand.

from his back as he went. He hung

it over an arm. New Free Fishing Calendar

Shouldering the flap of his tent, This shows the best days for fishing. It's based on the moon

he stepped inside. The other men and its phases and is in handy pocket size. It may add to your

were busy spreading blankets. Higfishing fun.

gins looked up. He nodded. Superior Products and Service

"Got 'im, I hope,"he said quietly. Before going on your trip, drive in to your neighborhood Utoco

"Yep. Upstream a ways. Young dealer for complete car service. Everywhere in UtocoLand,

buck."Bill smacked his lips. Three you'll get superior Utoco service and products.

days without fresh meat was a long time. He wanted to talk with Higgins

about his father but held his tongue.

Resentment showed in Mathewson's face as he pointed to Bill's box in the center of the tent. "There are your things,"he said. w?th utoco! LHLi2

"I notice you never get back till camp

is made."JULY 1953 UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY 535

PRIVATE PAGE OF THE MORMON RATTALION

(Continued from preceding page) my bunk,"Max instructed. He

aside, letting in the last light. He spun, kicking the open box of Bill's

stepped inside. The other four were personal things, scattering them halfalready there. Only Max looked at way through the tent.

him. There was triumph in his 'Instinctively Bill clenched his fists.

eyes. He rose to his feet, inches Releasing the anger and resentment

shorter than Bill. which had grown in him, he hit

It's Vacation Time "I just heard,"Max said. "All Max on the mouth. He hit him

6et Going dayBilllongsaideverybodynothing;knowsIt mustbut haveme."ownagain.blankets,Max foldedpartly up,on halfBill's.on Sickhis

been Smith's orderly who talked, he inside now, forgetting the others in thought. the tent, Bill reached down and

"And keep your stuff away from helped Max to his feet.

Pick a vacation packed with pleasure!

Funfilled playlands invite you... from the Historic East to

Western Wonderlands; from cool V lotklna 1/ few rbovit rv /others:..

Canada to sunny Old Mexico.

time to go while Now is the facilities ideal.... vacation are Take Richard L. Evans

the highway to romance—by

There Greyhound. are no lower might search, and ponder long without finding anyfares! information Get full from One

your Greyhound agent NOW. thing new to say concerning mothers. But need there

For FREE colorful folder, describing be anything new? To say that there is nothing new is not

pleasure - packed tours, write or to say that some things should not be said again. Apprecialike thing, either gratitude music is a living pressed—for GREYHOUNDphone your nearest tion, deserved praise, assurances of love need often be exthat is heard or it is being heard, like music a dead thing,

DEPOT no more. One cannot be long sustained by yesterday's song

(nor yet live long on yesterday's nourishment). It is the

song that now is being sung, the music that now is being heard, the strength that now sustains us, the gratitude that now we feel (and somehow now give evidence of) that is the living thing. And as to mothers: gratitude for them is

one of life's precious privileges—for there is no act of kindness, no hour of service, no loving thought, no office of

hallowed motherhood that does not deserve acknowledgment mi in some sweet way—not always in audible utterance but in

a loving gesture, a welcoming kiss, the sharing of a confilooking dence, a little help, an understanding heart. These things,

far are of more, the due for some mothers—not with an andfuturemuchtime, are they while with us. Mother's but now Day

is of the that or replaced reminder cannot be some things ELECTRIC fully or appreciated, appraised partly only can and which

C D present, living part of life. Is there nothing new about RANGE be repaid by a gratitude that shows itself each day as a

mothers? If not, neither is there anything new about spring,

or about love, or about the goodness of life or of living. It

isn't the newness of things that we need, but the solid, satisfying things that endure—like the love of mothers, like

their service, like their sacrifices, like their willingness to give their lives that we might live; like their presence when

we come home—like the emptiness we feel when they are

no more there. Then we know that gratitude should be

always—a thing that somehow shows itself as a song that

is being sung. BUY FROM YOUR DEALER now

Be Thrifty - Uhe Spoken lAJord FROM TEMPLE SQUAREUse Cleetricity PRESENTED OVER KSLSYSTEM,AND THEMAYCOLUMBIA10, 1953 BROADCASTING

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Copyright, 1953

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He kneeled down, collecting in his hands the notes and letters and pictures which had fallen across the tent, pictures of his family before the Caldwell County trouble, notes on sermons, other papers.

He looked at the last family pictures they'd had drawn. How

beautiful his mother was! A wave of

longing for her overwhelmed him. Reluctantly he laid the pictures in the

box. Glancing down at the assorted

papers, he began silently to straighten them out. One of them caught his

eye. "The brethren in the battalion,"

it said, "must live the gospel. If

they will do this, refraining from card playing, from profanity, and the like, then they shall prosper. Neither

shall they be called upon to shed blood."Interested now he looked at others.

Another one said, "The battalion men must have faith that all will be well with them and their families.

Faith in themselves, but always a constant faith in God, our Eternal

Father."Bill Is this frowned. thought. it, he ZION'S SAVINGS BANK Is family. this Pa the answer is my

I need? At once he knew, and a

great weight lifted from him. Still, MAIN AT SOUTH TIMPLE Utah's First Chartered Savings Bank

knowing it was the right answer, he felt sad.

He looked up. Mathewson now

lay quietly on his blankets, watching him, saying nothing. A small trickle

of blood ran from his mouth. Bill

felt ashamed.

"I'm sorry, Max. Everything

pressed me."

"My fault... pushed you to it.

Reckon I packed a grudge,"Max said. He smiled.

Bill left the tent, traveling swiftly.

It was already dark. Once he

stumbled, not caring. He saw a

shadow outside his father's quarters.

He knew who it was. The words

streamed from him jumbled up. But

his father knew. He threw his arms

about Bill. In the darkness it was

all right to let go.

"You're my boy, Bill. I knew

what you would decide,"he said fondly. "Why make me, then?"

"You had to find yourself, Son.

You had to know, too. I reckon,

Bill, your mother is mighty proud'of you tonight."

"I hope she is,"Bill said. "I sure

do hope she is."And he grinned at

the infinite darkness stretching beyond his father's shoulder.

JULY 1953 537 duced in the Cavalier, showing the

It's All In The Game plaque being presented Edward by (Continued from page 493) the commanding officer, Major GenDaqnes heart with the will and determination to eral Trudeau.

... comprises division 20,000 The 'TUuaic Cr. win"Haleinrepresentsa clean, theunselfishbest inmanner"young Amerione the award makes which men,

can manhood. He is modest, quiet, a tireof great significance. Moreover, to

less worker, sets and a gentleman. He an have been given the award by such court."outstanding the example on and off

an overwhelming vote is almost in-

A twocolumn picture was reprocredible. The team was brought to

C>>5\isS55;555\3vS&SSNS&

Jke Jiime o our Richard L. Evans

are some the future, ss no doubt there face people young tyou yet mote A they say) that some suppose (and who sometimes who would rather have been born to some other time, that they is partly lived in some other rather have would day—which Oiytut fat closely with which troubles we are because understandable,

acquainted seem so much worse than troubles with which we are not closely acquainted. But you who think you

would have chosen another time of life, suppose you tell us when you think you would rather have lived: Would

you wish to go back to ancient empires with slavery and superstition, with conquering armies and captive peoples?

It has such a modern sound but without the modern conAmerica's Finest Electronic Organ veniences! But this, perhaps, is too far back. Perhaps you'd

rather have lived "when knighthood was in flower."If

(Illustrated) - Two full MODEL 2D 25your information is based on fairy tales and fiction, perhaps expression single pedal, manuals, note pedalboard, separate matching you would, but if it is based on document and fact, perhaps cabinet. speaker

full manuals, 2E - Two MODEL sinyou wouldn't. Sincerely we think you wouldn't like to have

gle expression pedal, pedal18-note board, inbuilt speakers. lived in those days. But should you decide to go back

Single, fiveoctave IE - MODEL keythere, leave your finer senses and common comforts behind, single expression board, pedal, 18note pedalboard, inbuilt speakers. for you will surely find them out of fashion, and leave betime love especially, offers not a hind, Every organ model it was Connsonata your more of liberty—for

In single for both your money: and double

of free your to share would choose men. But you maybe real will find authentic, manual, you the same

quality, faultless tone performance organ and

... qualities of style beauty the lot with our pilgrim and pioneer parents. Much of what which make

electronic Connsonata organ a favorite for we have we owe to them. But would you like to face the funeral homes, churches, homes. And there's

for every a budget. Connsonata See

it for yourself! hear Stop in for a free demonit and bearing and rearing of children without the possibility of

stration. medical help, whether you needed it or not? Would you

like to be old in your thirties, as pioneer mothers often were;

and make every shred of cloth and clothing, and wrestle aiines Music with nature for the sustenance of every day? They were

conviction, of courage, days and would l M |M|M| accomplishment—but llr*y south 4547 TTIiTTITTITTT| main lived rather then? could have a you you know name 5aftalteQ We fym

BIVD.,06DEN WASHINGTON 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO Wi1 2260 list of things long part of the present wish not a were that you

picture. But that would always have been so. And never,

we think, would you find back there more that could make WE DFFER... people happy than you now see before you. Of course there

A COMPLETE are many things you would not change about your time of

ENGRAVING SERVICE life, and rightly you hope for a heaven on earth that would

Catalogues. From Missionary Portraits to the Largest bring together all the good of all the ages. But if you had

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention to change all you now have {oxgall you could have had at

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. any period in the past, you wouldn't go back—unless we are

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah much mistaken. So be grateful for living now, and don't

feel too sorry for yourselves. Make the most of what is good,

HOTEL LANKERSHIM helpyour tolife!"change what is bad, and thankfully live "the time of

7+h 4 BROADWAY BATH ROOMS ITH Double Jhe Spoken WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE—$5.00

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING Supper Rooms 17, 1953 SYSTEM, MAY Copyright, IN THE VERY HEART OF

LOS A NGELES King Features 538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

'Camp Meade to play for the all army -championship. The fellows won one

game and lost two. But himself

stated, while enjoying a brief furthe ringside seat lough home before reporting again ifor army duty: "I was able to travel An atomic bomb is exploded

in the East and see the Church in London the pomp and cer historical points of interest."coronation excites the worlds, Ed Hale played for the M Men

team of the 20th Ward (Salt Lake guns blaze over possesion of &\hil

City) before he entered Brigham a number... and in the trit

played University where heYoung Empire the best informed people to prior for the Cougars, yearstwo going into the service. His wife, America read detailed accountsfa

Dorothy Petterson Hale, has backed later in The Salt Lake Tribune!

him all the way in his activities, and Pride in objectivity, painstaking careEd has rejoiced in the young son who greeted him upon return to the States. in covering every important event, and

vigilance in fair and impartial reporting

Mekhizedek Priesthood are cherished tenets in (Concluded from page 509) producing each day's issue of 2. Enforced his interpretations by

edict. 3. Considered himself appointed of

God.

D. Introductory additional pomp and

ceremony.

Step 2.

Following the outline, bring, by question and comment, the historical picture before quorum members.

Step 3.

Induce quorum discussion by use of such problems as the following:

1. If the primacy and infallibility of the

see of Rome had always been recognized, why had Rome played so insignificant a part in the settlement of the early religious disputes? I

2. Why did it take five hundred years to MAKE RESERVATIONS i

formulate such a formula and another thirteen I it fully? and a half centuries to ratify 0#l EUROPEAN

3. Discuss Harmack's statement that the |

political control the religious explains period. of the development

facts 4. indicate that Justinian What did THRIFT TOUR I1

not himself recognize the infallibility of Rome nor her administrative au- J>alL.. 1 How to make a hit thority? JJill. iStep 4. Plan a Delightful friends your with 1 European Tour of Briefly summarize, the folemphasizing while Countries now lowing: i is available. did space pope or a. The bishop of Rome Here's fire way to o sure -

of receive the full support not the ALL INCLUSIVE please friends from outof- until sixth in the empire Justinian century. TOURS FROM. i town: Tell them to stay ot

b. Even then churches in Egypt, Asia Hotel Temple Square. You

Minor, and Syria had to be forced $705.00 can count on us to treat

to to subscribe leadership. Rome's l them right. We'll show them

still considered emperor the FOR TRAVEL TO c. The empire above the church. 1 ANY DESTINATION iN to a fresh, comfortable room

serve CALL OR WRITE FOR 1 and Step 5. food in town them—alltheat pricesfinest

Assignments: FREE ITINERARY AND TRAVEL 1 they'll be glad to pay.

1. interest general Arouse in quorum the ARRANGEMENTS AT i They'll appreciate your suglesson the next with by leaving memgestion. the as followproblem, bers such a I

ing: a. for great desire With Justinian's |

unity will empire and church be UNIVERSAL he able to hold the eastern churches I to Roman orthodoxy? Read your TRAVEL SERVICE i text, for Lesson answer. an XXX, HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE HOTEL 2. Special Assignments: City, Salt Lake Utah

a. a preHave quorum member come 5-6552 or 5-5924 Phone 1 TEMPLE SQUARE to discuss the pared of influence i

Theodora over the Emperor Justinian. Clarence L. West, Manager

JULY 1953 539 IRIS PARKER:

Editor

Editor's Note

In this and some future issues of the Era we plan to feature some of our L.D.S. women

who are noted for their fine cooking. We are

happy that they will share with us some of their favorite recipes, garnered from experiences and travels.

June C. Orme, who this month tells us of

some of her favorite Australian dishes, is the wife of Elvon W. Orme, who presided over the

Australian Mission from 1941 to 1945. She is

the busy mother of three children, serves on the

Bonneville Stake (Salt Lake City) Relief Society board, and still finds time to dispense her own delightful brand of hospitality.

Elvon W. and June C. Orme

AUSTRALIAN FAVORITES

J\now Ujour cJL. gD. *3. V-ooki

by June C. Orme

FoodIt isin hospitalityAustralia isat anits adventure.best. In separately(I foundinsteadthat cookingof cookingthe inbatterthe 2Makeor 3a simplebananas.syrupCombine( 1 cup allof sugarthis.

the "land down under"you will same roaster or pan with the meat to 1 cup of water) to which has been find the graciousness and charm of made a lighter and fluffier pudding, added l/A to!/2 teaspoon of powdered

the British combined with a "new and mine was popular even in Austraginger. Add syrup to suit your taste

lia.) and more water, if you wish. Serve

generosity.world"bounty and

cold, course. of finely put We fruits of anvery Australia provided HPhe in a traveled has Anyone who ice ours; in crushed peel even and we in good outstanding adventure other

it for willBritish country remember spiral put the peeled a cucumber and years. looks as over eating, the back one

its its steak of crumpets, toasted and in rind jug. the cucumber You to south traveling and In north from

as a cucumber"!eggs, and especially for its puddings—east to west, over a continent as large know—"cool

plum puddings, currant puddings, as the United States, the welcome inviWhen visiting in an Australian home and most of all, for its Yorkshire tation, "Let's have a bit to eat"was and this drink was served on a hot sumpuddings. Here is my favorite recipe like a refreshing breeze. "A bit to mer day, an amazing combination was

for this delightful roast beef aceat,"with a cooling drink, was always sometimes offered in the way of high in energy,companiment. welcome on a hot afternoon about 3:30 "sweets"—delicious and

or 4:00. One of the most memorable too. It consisted of a plate of buttered

Yorkshire Pudding of the Australian drinks and one we scones (in Australia scones are similar to our baking powder you biscuits—if "fruit serve is called often here flour 2 eggs at home cup7/s biscuit usual recipe your them make this serve I recall of taking cup."a thermos cup water l/2 teaspoon salt l/2 bit richer a sweeter) strawand and crossrefreshing beverage us with milk cup whenY2 berry of a jam and bowl whipped Plains ing the Nullabar hot between

Preheat oven to 400. Sift flour and Adelaide and Perth by rail. The uncream. Spread biscuits with jam, and

salt into a bowl. Add milk and beat usual flavor of this drink can be attop with whipped cream. Does it sound

delicious.well. Add wellbeaten eggs. Add water tributed to mashed banana and powheavy? Try it—it's

and beat thoroughly. Pour batter into dered ginger. One of the desserts we enjoyed most

quartsize, hot, ovenproof dish which in Australia was "Gingered Pears."

contains about y4 inch of hot beef fat Australian Fruit Cup Perhaps one reason this dish became a drippings. (Individual muffin tins can Take the juice of 2 or 3 lemons. favorite was because we were introbe used.) Bake for about 20 minutes Combine with the juice of about 6 duced to it in such delightful surroundat 400. Then reduce heat to 350 and oranges. To this add any juice from ings—at Hadley's Hotel in Hobart,

bake about 10 minutes longer. It should your refrigerator (we like plum juice Tasmania. Here are the simple direcbe lightly browned and crusty when from canned plums; raspberry, cherry tions for preparing this exoticallysea-

done. Serve with roast beef. juice, etc.) Mash or whip until foamy soned fruit dessert.

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Gingered Pears

Pare, cut in halves, and core pears.

Place them in a baking dish. Sprinkle

them with sugar and dust with powSay—Many have, you

dered ginger. Add a small -fools? to the baking water dish—aboutamountoneof &en BOYGO'Snaw garden

tablespoon for each pear. Cover them Thayra really neW...aaster

closely and bake in a moderate oven (350) until tender—about one hour, +o handle "too!

depending on ripeness of pears. Serve

warm, with whipped cream. The gin-—J/f-SSS* ger is a change from the usual.cinna- x: y* V

mon and gives an unusual flavor.

At Hadley's the pears were baked whole and were neither peeled nor GARDENING IS EASIER cored—just gingery and topped with

of course. cream,whipped When they WHEN YOU USE BOYCO'S

in season a few months, you come in might want to experiment with several BLACK HANDLED TOOLS different varieties to see which you like best for baking. is They're Extra Rugged—Here are tools you can

Canned pears may be substituted for put a little muscle behind without fear of them the fresh fruit. They will not need splitting or breaking. You see, Boyco's new

more sweetening. Just dust with ginBlack Handled Garden Tools go through a grainger and heat in the oven with some hardening process that really toughens them up.

of the juice. And there's no need to worry if you occasionally

forget leave in and the rain. them grain For

f\NE thing we find in Australia is that hardening acts as a weather cure, retards surface each cook's best dish is as indicracking".

vidual as the house she lives in. An

outstanding cook "down under"does not They've A Better Grip—Boyco's new Black

cook by recipe, but adds a bit of this Handled tools are finished so you can grip them seasoning or that. She alters and extight as a vise... handle will not twist and slip.

periments like the true artist that she And that means lots less wear and tear on hands.

is, until the dish is her own individual

Better They're is, Looking—Fact they are so prepares she time eachcreation—and good looking gardeners are keeping them where critical "test by her it, she gives it

taste."She is generous in sharing her they're handy for even a couple minutes gardenrecipe with you, but it will fall short ing, rather than hiding them away in the garage.

of its original delectable goodness unThe handsome black and white grained handles and modern finish tool heads blend right in with less, in you, there is also something of informal Western living.

the artist.

And Here's Another Brand New/ IdeaHANDY HINTS ColorHarmonized hand tools by BOYCO perfect companions to Boyco's handsome, will be The used Hints Payment for Handy long handled tools are these smart, new hand event the publication. In one dollar upon

that two with the same idea are submitted, tools in style setting Western colors. And they're

the one postmarked earlier will receive the rugged as they are stylish... ready to dig in and

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, help you with your gardening fun.

but each will receive careful consideration. Mi

Make dainty carrot flowers to garnish &p\\\. Get the new BOYCO garden tools at your

meats or salads. Slice carrots crosswise, very Hardware, Nursery, Feed or Department Store

outer six cuts from quickthin. make Then and you'll telling soon he your neighbors how

of a like spokes core, the centeredges to they actually gardening make easier.

let the petals ice in and water Placewheel.

curl apart. Mrs. A. A., Salt Lake City, Utah.

For cutting buttonholes in heavy material, use a razor blade. Mark the place to be

cut, then place material over an old magazine and cut right through the paper

Result is a sharpedged, perfectly straight buttonhole that will not ravel as easily as one cut with shears. Mrs. R. M., San

Francisco, Calif.

Cover a stiff cardboard neatly with foil plate carrying use as a andaluminum UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS for take to food sale or the cake a you DIVISION picnic. Mrs. R. E. L., Jane, Mo. UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION

A safety hint. Paint your rake handle 5T00 Santa Fe Ave., Los Angeles, Calif. - 1849 Oak St., Alameda, Calif.

. If it is stripes. blackwith white and

;:-:..:-..:...."::.-.:....; '.:::.;;.;;....... fflBfflH!M!JM&.....;..lying grass, will the stumble on no one E left TED STAT

it. B.,over Mrs. Marquette, H. Mich. W.

JULY 1953 541 Care for Your Wedding Dress

After the Wedding Withwe maythe passingbe certainof anotherthat manyJune,.a TABLE lovely bride is packing away for

safekeeping one of the most prized of all her wedding treasures—her

bridal gown. BREAD It was the most extravagant wardrobe investment of her entire lifetime, from the point of expense anc

future use. She was a radiant, regal

bride in her gown of satin or lace or starched chiffon, with its elegant train. But, back from the honeymoon, she looks at it, just a little

sadly. It is far too lovely to be

restyled, perhaps dyed, so that it may fit into her wardrobe. Fortunate the

bride who has a young sister or a dear friend whom the dress may fit and who may wish to wear it at her jVS*** weddingMany ina theyoungfuture.woman thinks

sentimentally of her daughter wearing the dress, perhaps twenty years later, as happily as she herself did this June 1953. This is a charming,

romantic custom and is one to be

BBmnm American Seating Company

Church Furniture for every need encouraged. A wedding should be PIKES PEAR Pulpit and communion sets, fonts and lecsurrounded with all the tradition and

for delivery. early available possible. Especially those Also sentiment

furniture, carvings, chancel Bodiform Pews, FLOUR terns chairs, for folding chairs, tables auditorium our temples marry in brides who eternity should be reminded With FOUR and SundayschoolWrite Departmentfurniture.1 69 time and

Extra Baking AMERICAN SEATING COMPANY in every way possible of the sacred

Advantages 901 Broadway, N. W., Grand Rapids 2, Mich. and lasting qualities of a marriage.

To the bride who wants to store

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS her wedding dress, with the hope that 425 West 5th South Tell your friends it may be worn some day by a bride

Salt Lake City. Utah about the ofsuggestionsanother generation,as to the wecarehaveof somethe

Improvement Era dress.

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA First of all, the dress should be cleaned carefully by the finest cleaner you know. Pack the dress in a large

box or hang it in an airtight bag.

If you store it in a box, be sure that it is roomy enough so that the dress will not be crushed—and remember,

you will be folding in a lot of tissue paper. It has been found that pale,

powder blue tissue paper is best for packing a white dress; it seems to retard the yellowing process. Gowns

of synthetic fabrics do not seem inclined to turn yellow; however, silks

and fine organdies will, particularly if exposed to the air. Synthetic and

cotton fabrics are naturally resistant Postum's delicious grainrich flavor—its

to moths, but silk is one of their rich aroma tells you Postum belongs whenis So gets together. dress why family the so dishes,"if your"favorite (ftzatcvriv ever

to Easy today? postum instant not get it in a packof be safe and pure silk,

cedarlined box. make—right in the cup!

If there is room in the box for the,'veil, put it in, too. Bridal illusion CEf*EAL BEVERA&* Wonderful hearty flavor!

should have a lot of tissue paper to protect it from creasing because it Contains no caffein is so very delicate that it cracks. Imor any other drug!

portedfragile—almostbridal illusionas fine asis aextremelyspider's

web. Pack it, if possible, so that it

will not have to be pressed, because the more it is pressed, the more it A PRODUCT OF

GENERAL FOODS will tear.

If you insist on the romantic touch of sachet as you put your dress away, be sure that it is protected by a bag so that none of the oil or chemicals touch the fabric to discolor it.

Finally, when your precious wedding gown is folded away in its cloud IMPORTED LINEN of blue tissue, seal the box with Factory to Me to Thee glued sealing paper. It is important Ihaf flood Damask yardage $2.50 per square yard.

that the box or bag be kept airtight Assorted patterns and widths.

napkins, sheeting, cloths, table Finished because the air will eventually soil MORNING MILK all kinds. of suiting, linen

discolor the possibly permanently and—t Retail Wholesale and—""'},.".:'-JSsSWBr it place. dress. in a cool, Store dry only approval, when pay Order on Sfojy are taken, If precautions all of these satisfied.

Morning, your dress should be as lovely as it APORATS"Write for Prices and Details istoday when another beautiful F. ELMER FOUTZ

106 17th Ave.

DakotaS. E. North bride, perhaps in 1975, wears it to f MILK j.—aw* Minor,

take those sacred vows.

JULY 1953 543 a.

by Iris Parker

not I would of life. Youngteens:men,"Lookyoungwellwomento thisin yourday, Softball,neglect theor studioustrack, butthings

for it is life—the very life of If I were a teenage girl, I would

life. In its brief course lie all the be friendly and considerate without

truthsexistence—theand all blissthe realitiesof growth,of yourthe bebeingtrueaffectedto my andgirl gushy.friends Iandwouldreglory of action, the splendor of spected by my boy friends. I would

beauty. For yesterday is but a dream look on homemaking as the art that

and tomorrow is only a vision, but it is, and learn in my home and at today welllived makes every yesterschool how to cook and sew and scrub day a dream of happiness and every and give to my person and my room tomorrow a vision of hope. Look that touch of order and cleanliness

well, therefore, to this day."* that is so delightsome.

Those of us who have lived those If I were a young man or woman

BY THE MAKERS teen years look back on them with in my teens, I would read a bit of pleasure and resacred scripture each day—and make MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS mixed feelings—of

gret. Many things we would do Christ's teachings vital in my life.

again exactly as before. Others we And at the end of the day—in that

would change. blessed moment between prayers and

If I were in my teens again, I sleep—I would look back on my day

would begin each day with a prayer. in peace, knowing I had applied to

I would ask the Lord's help even in my life a gem of wisdom which I the little things. I would thank learned when in my teens: "Look well

him just for letting me live—for freeto this day, for it is life—the very life

dom, for health, and for my gospel of life... yesterday is but a dream

birthright. I would do it early in and tomorrow is only a vision, but

the day when my mind was fresh today welllived makes every yesterand my love of life was full. I would day a dream of happiness and every

begin each day with a smile, too—tomorrow a vision of hope."

smile for my loved ones whom I *Adapted from the Sanskrit.

would not take for granted. And I

would begin my day with a resolusuf- not that honor should my tion—

grades school and fer though my THE FIRST FORMAL my

GAMMA GLOBULINpopularity might. By Eloise Wade Hackett

If I in dewere I would my teens obtained from bloodhuman

>: i:i cide, sureness, goal a with my protects for a few weeks. in Shehair,brushes and brushes and brushes her

But it is in very short supply. \v\-C- life. I would know that it is when For arranging her curls is an allday affair.

is destination that the the uncertain is around, When POLIO tint, spectacular with Her fingertips bloom lure beckoning might byways me from follow these PRECAUTIONS the perfume sprays she And on is more 1 Keep clean my path. than "a hint."

Z Don't get fatigued I would not be in a hurry to grow of whisper chiffon taffeta under 3 Avoid new shirk the The groups up, although I would not silenced almost tryingon, Has been by much chilled Don't get -ri 4 responsibilities that might grownup

last is she But at ruffle ready, in place, each at way. come develop I would my A VACCINE

lips, red joy face! her on new on her New for enone hobby my solitary is not ready for 1953. But least

there is hope for the future. joyment—and I would learn to dance She has stars in her eyes as on goldand swim and ski and skate. If I sandaled feet

THE NATIONAL FOUNDATION FOR INFANTILE PARALYSIS were a young man in my teens, I She Street.takes her first steps down Womanhood

would go out for football, basketball, 544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

an ifnjwfanf frieze on pecfins to ever/

woman who makes jelly

Happy Day! Now you can be sure your

homemade jams and jellies taste just as rich 'n luscious 'n'flavorful as the juiciest fruit at its sunripened, "justpicked"best! And here's why:

Only Certo's or SureJell's exclusive formula gives you a oneminute boil. Yes, you boil just one minute

so you capture more of the natural freshfruit flavor!

Furthermore, because Certo and SureJell are the only pectins coded for freshness, you know they're fresh... not the slightest chance of their

having been on the grocer's shelf for ages!

So, for more fruit flavor and maximum freshness "flavorguard"your jams and jellies with CERTO OR SUREJELl

Certo or SureJell pectin! Take your choice—

a liquid or powdered fruit pectin product!

Products of General Foods.. COST LESS! HOMEMADE JAMS AND JELLIES TASTE BEST.

JULY 1953 545 Enjoy Good Food in The the first time, fry a strip of bacon, SEATING When you use the tin can stove

SPECIALISTS Out -of -Doors wipewill beoffreadythe topto fryof theon. stove, and it

production andBy mass machine modern methWhy not get the family togetherods, producing the today most economiwe are by Edna K. Pay

a seating Stovecal in the years of 44 and have church "Tin CookCan our CHAIRMAN, SPORTS COMMITTEE, Y.W.M.I.A. quality.. yet our standardsexperience are to course out"? won't Of you want exacting..most

have this type of picnic every time quality; price compareCompare you venture into the outof-doors.... you'll seating insist on from Julynics,is forthe monthorganizedfor familyoutings picofSalt Lake Cabinet. The youngsters, especially, just like

your Mutual, Sunday School, or to pack a lunch and go with the club, and for those spurof-the moScout pack or their neighborhood ment hikes when some of the neighcronies for a day of fun in the canyon, borhood youngsters feel a yen to "go the foothills, or the river bottom.

hobo."Don't curb your yearning What to put in the lunch? First

for the glorious outof-doors. Get of all, take plenty, but a hiker doesn't

into some comfortable jeans and want to be loaded down.

thicksoled shoes, pack a lunch, and off you go. Sandwiches are a "must,"of course.

"When do we eat?"is the one big Take as many as can be eaten. Vary

question that goes with any kind of the fillings and, if possible, vary the outdoor activity. Before that, of kinds of bread. For fillings, have

course, comes the problem, "What do one meat, one vegetable (lettuce), we eat?"Simplicity is the keynote and a third one sweet (jam). Moist

fillings are better dry. than Spread simplicity is also Write any picnic menu; for catalog of of FREE

fillings to the edges to of the bread to its preparation. fundamental latest church seating styles.

prevent the filling from soaking into the bread. nhc Salt Cabinet sandwiches,Fruit is a andgoodthecontrastkind thatto yourwill and Fixture jpdfc Company 136 So. West Temple "&"9t Salt lake City, utol> quench thirst is especially desirable

on a hike. Choose from oranges,

apples, peaches, pears, tangerines, grapes, apricots. Dried fruits such as

raisins, prunes, or figs are easy to pack and are high in energy.

Raw vegetables help moisten and add freshness to the lunch. Carrot

strips, celery, and radishes will perk up any box lunch. Lettuce should

A tin can stove, sometimes called a hobo or vagabond stove, is lots of fun to cook on. It is made from a

number ten can. Anything that can

be cooked in a frying pan can be cooked on a tin can stove. It is made

by cutting a door in one side and punching holes in the opposite side for draft. A fire of small twigs is

all that is needed to heat it. Two

people can use a hobo stove. One v>vr4 NlliO

does the cooking while the other feeds the fire. If you happen to be be washed and dried and then wrapsome place where you cannot make a ped in wax paper and inserted in

wood fire, then candles will do just the sandwich when ready to be eaten.

as well. Get a five or sixounce can Tomatoes carried whole or in halves PONCHITO says buy and cut two twelveinch candles in are a fine addition. EARLY CALIFORNIA ripe olives

half and put them in the can. Light Something sweet (but not too

tin the candles place the and gets big can sweet) a vote the from HEADQUARTERS FOR over are them, you ready and youngsters. cookies, Plain cakes, a IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA d L.D.S. I stoveto cook. following The would menu bar, chocolate nuts, a few or a few

KING'S YE REST a delightful "cookout": pieces of candy will be fine to top MOTEL make 526 5TH STREET SOUTH

Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner Cheeseburgers Pickles off the lunch.

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager Carrot strips Dessert Depend on juicy fruit and a not

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout Potato salad Punch too sweet lunch to relieve thirst. As

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for water, watch out for drinking it "just anywhere."Take it with you This lid goes

if you are not sure of the supply you may want to use on the hike.

As you pack your hiker's lunch, here are some foods to avoid—those

that—are sticky or will get soft in heat.

—are very rich or soft like some cake

—arefrostings.apt to get soggy, as pie or

crackers with cheese on them,—have little food value compared to

their size, like bottled drinks or—willfresh tastegrapefruit.flat when warm, such as HEAR IT!... SEE IT! Yes, hear this new Bernardin

bottled drinks. SAFETY SIGNAL telling you that your home canning

seal is safe... doubly safe because you see the depressed—do not carry well in pocket or pack, cap, and hear the Bernardin snap.

like a piece of cream pie or chocoAll These Features, loo!

late eclair. LIVE SAFETY RINGS of latex built right into the Bernardin lid

grip tight to jar rims for high vacuum seal.

LIDS TRIPLE COATED... food aid resistant white enamel, on

It is very important that you give tough gold lacquer on a heavy coating of tin.

some thought to wrapping and packPACKED READY TO USE...Bernardin lids are packed backto-

ing after you've decided what's going SNAPback...SIGNAL...no sticking...Bernardinlids newslide Snapout readyLids tellto youuse. when the

in the lunch. Waxed paper, aluminum seal is safe with a distinctive "snap;'

foil, and paper napkins are all good.

Pack in individual small boxes such as candy boxes (preferably cardboard), and then these can be BerNARdin burned after lunch and need not be carried back. In packing, put the CAPS AND SNAP LIDS

heaviest items on the bottom. Wedge...Just ask for snap caps and lids.

paper napkins in between them so shifting. thethere Tie room for is no CENTURY OF of cA securely loop leave apackage and

it tied tostring so that can be stick carriedor to a "hobo"and a belt To increase your style. There you are—ready to enjoy the A faith—

glorious outof-doors with good food! Write for information

on type of organ in which you are interested. Read Dr. John A. Widtsoe's

fit very inspirational book A Record of Achievement

(Continued from page 521) Ward, South Los Angeles Stake, PIPE ORGANS In The 511%; Walnut Park Ward, South REED ORGANS

Los Angeles Stake, 493%. GospelGroup B Wards—Total Subscriptions

*South Gate Ward, South Los AnESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT.

geles Stake, 470; Manchester Ward, Beautiful Gifts From Abroad Net

South Los Angeles Stake, 344.

Mail Direct By Only s2 ea. A story of conversion Denmark, HolItaly,

our r. whereverIndia, Spain.—MISSION BRANCHES CITATION land,FranceFrom

hunters a And treasure and converts WINNERS barexquisite rare and / gifts fabulous gain—come

club members. our

ofGroup dollars obtain forAmerican A Branches—Percent values tremendous

gifts worth $3 abroad,C.A.M.

direct to your home only Mailedto each. for $2

paid. free, Every postage overseas, and duty $5from

of the fascinating story contains the package Branch, Saskatoon Western CanaALL CHURCH AT receive. significance the of origin you and

awaits an GIFT And FROM EXTRA Mission, dian Park Deer 1,650%; illusIf at articleABROADfor once Join Send you FREE now! you

for 3 months'$6.00 enclose brochure, or trated BOOKSTORES States Mission, Branch, Southern for 6 for 12 mos.,or trial $20 $11 membership,

1,600%.. mos.AROUNDTHE-WORLDSatisfaction guaranteed!SHOPPERS CLUB.

(Concluded on following page) Dept. 815, 24 Treat Place, Newark 2, New Jersey

JULY 1953 547 A RECORD OF ACHIEVEMENT (Concluded from preceding page) New London Branch, New England

Branch, Group A Branches—Total Mission, 713%; Victoria

Subscriptions Western Canadian -Mission, 681%.

Washington Branch, Eastern States Group B Branches—Total

Mission, 54; Bridgeport Branch, Subscriptions

New England Mission, 38. Cincinnati Branch, Great Lakes

Group B Branches—Percent of Mission, 208; Cambridge Branch,

KOLOB COVERS C.A.M. New England Mission, 169.

THE WEST

states four mountain Throughout o AGENTS more than 300 KOLOB WLLene55 stand ready to serve you, whatever your protection problems may be. Richard L. Evans

Prompt settlement of claims and strong stockcompany policies have made KOLOB SERVICE acclaimed by thousands. See your local KOLOB

AGENT... he's a specialist in he Tower of Pisa has been famous for centuries because protection. T it has stood so long while leaning some sixteen feet off

center. In this it is an exception—for most physical struc-

A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY tures that have leaned that far have fallen and are no more remembered. Balance in life is one of the essentials of

safety, of happiness, and of wholeness. Lack of balance

has been the cause of more misery and mistakes than men can calculate. In academic activities, in professional pursuits, and in other occupations also, young people—most

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. matters. By the people—are mostly dealing with material

330 Judge Bldg Salt Lake City very physical necessities of life, by the fact that we must be fed and clothed and sheltered, many, if not most of us, are largely devoted to a consideration of physical factors.

Our reading, our thinking, our living are largely along these lines. This is a day of specialization, and to "succeed"it

seems that a man must know more about some things than You'll like iharMd he knows about others. He must be able to do some things

MORNING MILK bettercarriedthanto a hedangerousis able to degree,do others.and Butcan specializationlead to an educatedcan be

things to the illiteracy—an illiteracy which knows of some latest letter of the law, and of other things too little—an

illiteracy that could find itself on far tangents along narrow little lines. There are so many tangents that could take

us far from the truth as well as those that could take us toward it, and for a wholeness of life we all need to temper our thinking, and to keep a balance in every avenue of every for acquaintance for prayer, place time and activity—with

inspiring "An for scripture, of and thoughtfulness truths the timeless and with impressive book"the great eternal intangibles as well as for the things that

In The we can touch. Every person is a composite being, with an

of for a fulness spirit life we must within, and immortal Gospel Net side. physical feed the surely must as as we the spirit Widtsoe feed By Dr. John A.

tb At all Church bookTangibles we cannot take with us, but intelligence and love *1 stores. and spiritual qualities we can. And no matter what a person's particular pursuit, he should be ever aware of the need

M)-<)4i(:-(: -r..M-i: -* |—** <:OB-n *-{ for a wholeness of life, for a wholeness of understanding

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS for balance.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations. Z/he Spoken Worn FROM temple SQUARE

APRIL 26, 1953 HALLS REMEDY PRESENTED OVER SYSTEM,KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING Copyright, 1953

Salt Lake City. Utah

H>i:'i)t'0<-i)'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA548

The Purpose of IS GREAT FUN atGenealogical Work SUMMER

S. BUSINESS COLLEGE (Concluded from pgae 509) L D.

ing these ordinances "And whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall Wish you were here!be bound in heaven: and whatsoever

thou shalt loose on earth shall be Yes, you'll have a memorable summer at loosed in heaven."(Matthew 16:19.) L.D.S. Business College, and even better...

It would be sad indeed if we were. you'll be preparing yourself for an attractive

paying job. Sign up today for new classes

sealed to the wrong ancestor through in Gregg Shorthand Simplified, Typewriting, our negligence in obtaining proven Office Machines, or HySpeed Longhand...

records. and spend a pleasant, profitable summer at

We are duty bound to our pro- L.D.S. Business College.

genitors to seek out the information Call in or write today for further informaabout them and have temple work tion.welcomeAndat remember,... you are always cordially

done for them. The Apostle Paul

said, "They without us should not BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYbe made perfect,"* and Joseph Smith, said, subjectin discussing this same for n|V|l;SliWSS COLLEGG Braiieh salvation out a has wrought"God

all men, unless they have committed I 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY L/ma certain sin; and every man who has H

a friend in the eternal world can save him,...

I believe the Prophet Joseph Smith made the importance of genealogicalwork clear when he made these stateJVEWments: reezer

AND Hence the responsibility, the awful responsibility, that rests upon us in relation spirits all not for the haveto dead; who our RefrigeratorJcIT$

either flesh in the Gospel must theobeyed EASY TO FILL spirit it or Solemn in the damned. beobey

thought!—dreadful thought!... EASY TO SEAL EASY TO STACK

this responsibility in greatest "The 16 oz. EASY TO EMPTY EASY TO CLEAN

is to that laid upon usworld God has and seek after our dead.'"22 oz.—and can be used over and over again!

Hebrews, 11:40.

op. cit., p. 357. BSmith, AVAILABLE in the Carry Home "JARPA K—Three 16 oz. Jars. NOW 355. p. mid., Ca PYRIGHT 1953 356. p. Ubid.,

BALL BROTHERS CO. of California, Inc., El Monte, Cal.

Your Question

(Continued from page 503) human was a development from lower WHEN YOU MOVE orders of the animal creation. These,

however, are the theories of men. The allow three weeks to

word of the Lord declares that Adam was 'the first man of all men'(Moses change your address for 1:34), and we are therefore in duty

bound to regard him as the primal The parent of our race. Improvement Era 'PONCHITO

Joseph F. Smith 7sqys buy EARLY CALIFORNIA

John R. Winder green ripe olives

Anthon H. Lund.

... moulded "First Presidency of the Church of 'Unbreakableto look like glass.

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."DRINK weight, noise free.LightEco-

nomical. Standard height.

dealer. your from Order it is to Christ In relation Jesus SB 167 1 OFFER ficqo SPECIAL $1.25 A delightful Dorsufficient to say that he was know we

trial $1.00 HPl"'Mail lot of for for those hot beverage

the Creator, under the direction and who don't drink coffee. one dozen sent postpaid.

(Concluded on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS BRASS GeODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 11, Mass.

JULY 1953 549 gritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH Your(ConcludedQuestionfrom preceding page) commandment of his Father, of this

FRITOS Chocolate Cookies world and many other worlds. John

Vz cup Butter or Margarine in the introduction to his gospel said 1 square Chocolate this:

Vs cup Sugar 1 Egg "In the beginning was the Word,

Va cup Flour (unsifted, enriched all purpose) and the Word was with God, and

Va teaspoon Salt 1 teaspoon Vanilla the Word was God....

Vi cup Crushed FRITOS (measured after crush- "All things were made by him; and

ing) Melt butter or margarine and chocolate in double without him was not any thing made boiler.Add sugar, egg, flour, salt and vanilla. that was made.

in greased Pour pan 6yz"xlOY2"- "In him was life; and the life was

Sprinkle with FRITOS.

Bake at 400 degrees for 12 minutes. Cut in squares. the light of men."(John 1:1, 3-4.)

cookies. 24 A plainer translation could be

FRITOS is the registered trademark of The Frito Company.

given, but this will suffice. In the

A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT! weDoctrinefind theandfollowing:Covenants (sec. 38:1-3)

"Thus saith the Lord your God, even Jesus Christ, the Great I Am,

Better Bottled Starch Alpha and Omega, the beginning and

For Only 1* A Quart! thethe end,wide theexpansesame ofwhicheternity,lookedanduponall

Easy to make it yourself at home the seraphic hosts of heaven, before the world was made;

"The same which knoweth all FREE things, for all things are present beBOOKLET fore mine eyes;

Send name and address to "I am the same which spake, and

Faultless Starch Co. the world was made, and all things

Kansas City 1, Mo. came by me."

T recorded:In the writings of Moses this is

Free booklet also 6 other shows SERVING GIL INSTITUTIONS time* "And worlds without number have better starching: saving ways to do LUXWOOD 1. Onethickness starch: when every- I created; and I also created them

AU PURPOSE thing needs same thickness. for mine own purpose; and by the

Folding I created them, which is mine 2. Manythicknessstarch—dilute tostarch:suit makeany need.thick Son Table

3. Cold starch: wash it, starch and Only Begotten."(Moses 1:33.)

iron dry in minutes. No drying, These great works and this wondersprinkling! no ful before experience our all came ALL SIZES POPULAR 4. Starchrinse: gets a everything

Folding chairs benches, Savior body. This had a physical rinse. very light starching as you other equipment and

Starchsprinkle: clothes are dampwork was done by him when he was

NO'W.'I WRITE FOR DEMItS DELIVERY ened, evenly at once. starched a Spirit. It is an erroneous notion

Exclusively Manufactured by I 6. Automatic washer

The JAMES P. LUXEM CO., starching: starch in without any foundation in truth to

final rinse cycle. think that Jesus had to be clothed

Send today to Faultless with a body of flesh and bones, beany work could be performed for your free booklet. foretm.LEATHMRAFnmm Starch Co., K.C. 1, Mo. by him.

Guaranteed by When the Lord appeared to the Housekeeping JGood! VtllStI>v"* brother of Jared, he showed him his

Tandy's new 64page Instrucbody. It was the body of his Spirit,

tion Leathercraft Book and Catalog. 50 to make How items, and it was in the exact form of his

lacing including plaiting braiding, 20,000 items beading. and comstreets the tabernacle he walked when

illustrated, pletely D.S. FOR jampacked L leafy****

with BARGAINS! of Palestine. (Ether highways and

WRITE le&ercwr TODAY FREE STUDENTS! ACCORDION flesh of physical only 3.) body The -SINCE FOR SlU WE

special accordion arrangement, in an 1919 A ever the he and bones LEATHER was body had LESSCOMPANY style, overture favorite L.D.S. four offendij S. State Dept. 712 FC

village in of born the Bethleof Mary Salt City, hymns. Lake Utah

The MORMONOSO Overture hem, which in his resurrection became

Earn Extra Money Sixty Cents inseparably connected with his physical body. For Yourself or Organization

from Order nearest your music dealer

Sell Quality, Alloccasion and Christmas The Prophet Joseph Smith said the - - - direct the from spare in your up time. Make to 50% profit.Cards or

Send Price List. now for Free

SALES QUALITY COMPANY MILAN0 MUSIC CENTER trinedoctrineof theof devil.reincarnation(Teachingsis aof docthe

BOX 1344 OGDEN, UTAH 45 West Main Mesa, Arizona Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 105.)

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s.tiwwtetutttt v\yom—a cJLenathener of cLifee

Richard L. Evans

be able to close each day with a sense of accomplishTo ment is one of the greatest blessings and precious privileges of life, one that entitles a person to sound sleep and sincere satisfaction as few other things do. Sometimes men When an All-O-Wheat breakwork, haying foremost in mind the wish to be free from fast is most needed. work. Then through some circumstance the time may come

when they are, in a sense, free from work—and then they Summertime means no school

find that the idea has much less allure than they had once and all play for children. And

supposed. Of course there is such a thing as overwork and longer summer days and more actoo much pressure. And under pressure there is some tivity demands more pep and

tendency to swing to the other side and to place a fictitious energy. Thats what All-O-Wheat's

value on retirement. But the word itself, retirement, sets younatural.. vitamins. lastingandalldaymineralsenergy.give

up a false set of standards if it means inactivity and idleness. Children and grown - ups, alike,

There may properly be retirement from some pursuits, a will find more summer fun when change of activity, a lessening of responsibility, a change of they start their day with tasty, pace or position. But work has been accused of too many rich, golden All-O-Wheat. Pick up

ills. When a man needs a rest, very often it isn't that he so a package at

much needs a rest from work as a rest from worry, a rest your grocers tofrom pressure. Men rust out sooner than they wear away; day, or write to

they wither in idleness sooner than they break down in willing, useful work. Friction will wear us away—friction ALL-O-WHEAT

with other people, friction within ourselves. Pressure and f> Ogden, Utah

impatience will do their damage. A bad conscience will wear

a man away. Worry will wear a man away. But willing,

constructive work, within the limits of one's health and physical strength and talents and time, is a lengthener of life and a catalyst without which little real happiness comes.

Freedom from work in the sense of doing nothing conMorniwj structive or of having nothing constructive to do, is a false standard; and unfortunate is the person who has forced

fill with forced time on his hands—time thta he must

pleasures and hollow pursuits. The right to work is a blessing that should be gratefully accepted and earnestly safeguarded. And work, itself, with a sense of accomplishment

and of usefulness in life, is the surest safeguard against wasting away.

Une Spoken VUora from temple square 3j

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING o* twenty

SYSTEM, MAY 24, 1953 Copyright, 1953 OtCOAMtt SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

FAMILY REUNIONS at RUSTLER LODGE, ALTA, UTAH Utah's Newest and Finest Lodge

IT FLOWERS IN COMPASSION Kitchen and dining room available for those desiring to do their own cooking.

By MabelRuth Jackson Write for particulars

RUSTLER LODGE, ALTA, UTAH 7V\ indeed may help in time of TheWeeping fount of love to which men's needs CATHEDRAL M& appeal. grief,

Flooding the heart and bringing it relief; Anguish, conquered, flowers in sweet cornCHIMES

Emotion, lacking outlet, sears the heart passion, understanding in wise fashion Teaching apart. quite something into changesAnd EM U, another's II soothe go, from self to That turns and they come carry healing whenTears

So let them well and freely overflow. woe.

But sorrow, long indulged in, may congeal Tears carry healing when they come and go. MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal.

JULY 1953 551 Your Page

Wimpole Park, England Albuquerque, New Mexico

Dear Editors: Dear Editors:

I letters wife of sincere read thanks and have and many XTy like efforts to for forth the express appreciation put would my -*-"* appreciation Perfrom servicemen Ours."Page "Your on and I those to subscription servicemen. the send was by Era who My

I is of haps elders the fortunate in service one the few am who I to 1st of given the bishopric thank the Tooele by and Ward, me to enough wife have lovely children with me. two and my We it for sending to them me. recently Shreveport, from to moved Louisiana, Albuquerque, New I I I just for granted. the took accepted was home, Era When Mexico. in Shreveport While in the attended meetings mission we it it I I because there. since overseas, was have However, been branch wife, and Helen, taught in the School. Junior my Sunday received I issue, have to the forward look time monthly and my I sure will look am we of back fond our on meetmemories many the It fill issue I next when comes. helps in the hours when am ings the Saints there. with are currently attending meetings We to is attend unable the to church; nearest Again London. me in the mission branch here in Albuquerque meeting and many I you. thank

... friends. new

/s/ A /2c Merlin F. Young We eagerly look forward to receiving the monthly issues of

your magazine and enjoy its entire contents more than words can express. May the blessings of the Lord be with you all.

Evanston, Wyoming Sincerely, Dear Sir: /s/ William R. Walker

I'would like to express my appreciation for the April number of the is * it this so beautiful Era so which morning, and came Verdun, France very informative. Editors: Dear

is It just in what class I need in the gospel doctrine work my a lines to few for thank the you job are wonderful you doing Just in our School. Sunday

and have done, Era. sta- I'm Improvement on The Where this To alone number the me price. subscription is worth

is tioned, there far church as no or as I know, other any member

Sincerely yours, of the Church here, so the Era has been my companion through- /s/ Esther L. Warburton out my entire tour of duty over here.

God bless you all.

I remain, Peru, Indiana /s/ Cpl. Carl G. Hein

Dear Editors:

f wish to take this opportunity to offer a note of appreciation for Honolulu, Hawaii * the article "These Times"in the February issue of Era. 1 Dear Sister Austin:

don't often exercise an interest in this feature since I never was T\7"e have just received our January issue of The Improvement vitally interested in political science, but this particular article Y* Era, and in it we find a report of the fine M.I.A. roadshow

aroused my enthusiasm and respect for Dr. G. Homer Durham. you wrote and directed for your ward. This is just the type of

We Northerners are a rather cold and reserved people, probably thing we have been needing to give our Improvement Era drive that is why we love the warmhearted missionaries sent to us by a shot in the arm....

you in the West. Sincerely yours,

Thanks to Dr. Durham for a fine article. /s/ Miss Pearl Bacon

Sincerely, /s/ Mrs. Robert E. Howard Provo, Utah

Dear Editors, r do not know whom I should especially congratulate, but prob-

A ably most of you from President staff. the entire McKay to Fort Hood, Texas April issue The Era is notably is outstanding and worthy

Dear Editors: binding separately for each home. Its format is beautiful. Thanksof

have wanted to write you for some time, and tell you how to all concerned.

I much I enjoy The Improvement Era. I am receiving the Era Cordially,

from the Kanarra Ward, which is my home ward. I want the /s/ T. Earl Pardoe

members of the ward, along with you, to know that I enjoy very that great I benefit Era much. a The Improvement I know WinstonSalem, North Carolina deal since it by reading it, and in the I have been army, has Dear Editors:

to bring closer helped to our in Church to our and me Father is, This month's Era opinion, the best in my heaven.

have ever seen. a splendid idea to build What the Congratulations! issue I I pray that will bless always staff God your you and in your issue complete around the temples interior running and pictures. fine work.

Excellent!

Sincerely yours, Sincerely, /s/ Pfc. Devon B. Reeves /s/ Stanley Kimball

BEE HIVE GIRLS OF NEPHI THIRD WARD, JUAB STAKE

Honoring the Gatherer and Guardian Bee Hive classes of the

Nephi Third Ward, Juab (Utah) Stake, for their outstanding attendance record at all Church meetings was this banquet.

Seated left to right: Joelene Anderson, Connie Boswell, Marilynn

Yorgason, Merlene Starr, Beth Winn.

Back row: Guardian Teacher Maxine Anderson, Janet Westring,

Mary Stevenson, Patsy Ingram, Launa Garrett, Guardian Teacher

Rowenia Pew, Colleen Westring, Norma Sperry, Wilma Talley,

Myrna Lunt, and Gatherer Teacher Delone Hall.

: i

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Homepreserved (J and I

jams and jellies are

favorite playtime snacks Not only the children but the whole family goes for ripe fruit freshly preserved.

Homecanning is sort of like a business. It requires an investment

of your time, skill, and money.

It pays dividends in personal satisfaction, in the pleasure of good eating, in nutritional values, and in economizing on food costs. Protect your

investment with the finest canning sugar

I. You can't—pure U and

buy better Sharing the Good Things of Life Make it a family affair.

Outof-door suppers are more fun for everyone—

and certainly less trying for Mom—if family and

friends pitch in and help.

The planning of a life insurance program should be a family affair, too... since every member is

concerned in the important decisions that are made.

Call a "family council"soon... and be sure to

invite your friendly Beneficial Life Insurance representative. You'll firld his suggestions helpful

and sound.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah