"The Earth is the Lord's..."

OCTOBER 1957 % ""V ** *; s P'*?

is.a

("Uf

NEW FULLER DECORATING GUIDE

KEYS BEAUTIFUL, NEW PAINT COLORS TO YOUR RUG

Begin with your rug—then pick your color plan for walls See the master rugkeyed color book at your Fuller Paint

and ceiling. It makes such good sense—harmonizing these Dealer. Select your colors—and, if you wish, take your color

three largest color areas in a room. choice home for study with Fuller's free color plan folders.

Or try out other color plans with a simple change ofpaint chip

Fuller's New RugKeyed Book samples. Fuller can give you more new paint colors to

Makes Decorating Easy as 1-2-3! choose from—in the finest paint made!

This wonderfully helpful new guide represents the work of leading decorators and contains every basic rug color.

Turn to your rug color in this Fuller plan book. See the

choice of color plans that harmonize walls, ceilings—even

woodwork to your present floor covering. FULLER

yourMake GLASStive or dashing—selectionyou can'tfrom actualmake apaintmistakesamples.with Conservathis guide PAINTS

by leading color experts. W- P- FULLER & CO

Exploring the Universe

Enjoy the flavor of the exotic by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. South Sea Islands

Predicting Tornadoes

The American Meteorological Society has just released a statement on the detection, tracking, and warning of tornadoes which outlines the experience of meteorologists. Improved forecasting

techniques now make possible a positive forecast of tornadoes, six to twelve hours in advance, which will be verified in some portion of the forecast area 50 pertime. forecastcent of the The area in this CREMEFUL new cookie miles,concerned square be 30,000 may

but the actual destruction area rarely

exceeds 10 square miles. To find the

particular thunderstorm cell which will produce a tornado, three methods are being used: first, seeing the tornado;

second, radar echoes; third, "sferics,"the

thunderstorm's atmospheric electrical disturbances studied by radio methods.

Electroplating an Ancient Art?

Apparently the Parthians, sometime before the time of Christ, near

Baghdad of modern Iraq made usable electrochemical wet batteries. The German archaeologist, Wilhelm Konig, a

few years ago found jars with an iron electrode and a copper cylinder insulated At your with asphalt. Connecting wires would favorite grocer'sgrocer'shave been bronze or iron rods. The—a fullpoundfull only 49c

cells may have been used for electroplating.

Nearly half of the entire cookie is creme—and what

marvelous creme it is! Made from real coconut, beaten

and whipped until it flows smooth, thick and creamy then placed lavishly between two tender golden wafers.

They're the talk of the table wherever served... new,

different and most delicious. Keep some on hand.

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

OCTOBER 1957 689 The Challenge of the Constitution

by Dr. G. Homer Durham 0W% VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OP UTAH

The Constitution of the United States "And when we obtain any blessing expresses the fundamental idea of from God, it is by obedience to that law liberty under law. Its theory of law upon which it is predicated."The Conpresupposes, anticipates, expects, and stitution attempts to express some princomprehends the advantages and the ciples which, within its jurisdiction,

problems of liberty. Probably more peoshould "stand"as "external rules to all

ple in tbe United States respect "the men,"as section 101 of the Doctrine and

Constitution"than understand its funCovenants states in verse 77: "AccordingSisalkraft damental challenge. Occasionally, too, to the laws and constitution of the peodeclarations of respect for the Constituple, which I have suffered to be estabtion are made from the standpoint of lished, and should be maintained for

selfadvantage. The Constitution recogthe rights and protection of all flesh,..."

nizes selfadvantage with other fundaVerses 7880 add: "That every man

mental principles. But it does not end may act... according to the moral

with selfadvantage. Like the abiding agency which I have given unto him,

doctrines of religious faith, the Constituthat every man may be accountable for tion aims at objective "universals."his own sins in the day of judgment.

Ideally, all arc alike unto the Con- "Therefore, it is not right that any should be in bondage one to anstitution as ideally they are unto God, man COVERING AND LAWN MOWER other. FURNITURE TOOL COVER respecter of persons. is no who

I estab- I- This is not the place to elaborate on lished"AndtheforConstitutionthis purpose... haveby the hands

current constitutional controversies. The of wise men whom I raised up...."

issues stem from the existence of two September 17, 1957, was the 170th factual situations: (1) the presence as anniversary of the signing of the original

an integral part of American society of draft Constitution of seven articles, at eleven percent of the population who Philadelphia, September 17, 1787.

are the descendants of African natives Its great principles, like islands of brought to this land as slaves until the truth, are always emerging from seas of

DROP CLOTH LAWN PROTECTION Constitution halted the slave trade in received opinion, policies, practices, in1808; (2) the influence in the world of terests, and conflicts. Each generation

the Soviet Union and its status as the can afford to be reminded of what power behind the doctrines of comJoseph Smith, Hyrum Smith, Lyman munism. Both situations involve the Wight, Caleb Baldwin, and Alexander

most complex human problems. They McRae, prisoners in Liberty Jail, Mistax the best brains, the sternest feelings, souri, from November 1838 to April 1839,

and the deepest emotions. In the midst wrote to their brethren on March 25,

of such difficulties stand the principles 1839:

of the Constitution, principles the which (ATTICS,. is "Here a principle are.. which we FOR WINDBREAK WRAP Court seeks Supreme to maintain and COTTAGES, SUMMER

... to exercised with, be bound. This STORAGE ETC.) GARAGES affirm.

principle all to guarantees parties, sects,

In the Second Treatise, Of Civil Govand denominations, and classes of reYou'll find many, many more uses for ernment (1690), John Locke affirmed ligion, equal, coherent, and indefeasible lough, waterproof paper... the perfect an ancient doctrine, namely, that the rights;... Hence we say, that the Convapor barrier. It's an impermeable pro- "Law of Nature stands as an external stitution of the United States is a gloriquickly, easily that duct can be applied

offers rule to all men."ous standard; it is founded in the economically. and No material

more protection at lower cost than In the Doctrine and Covenants, secwisdom of God."(History of the Church,

Available III, in "takehome"p. 304.) verses 2021 130, (April 2, 1843) ft. tion rolls 36"containing wide 100 sq. SISALKRAFT—So, as the Constitution was born, is principle is stated. the same "There rolls in sold constructionsize large Also

from 36"to 13V2'wide. a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven beunder the inspiration of God and of

fore the foundations of this world, upon such men as were gathered together,

SEE YOUR LOCAL which all blessings are predicated; (Concluded on page 767)

LUMBER DEALER

Distributed by MORRISONMERRILL TUIE Til & CO. llf Building Material Distributors 1HM

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA P/tfHMiyS TO H4PP/A/$$ a great new book by President David 0. McKay

Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

If you would find great and lasting happiness, here is "must reading."This vital volume

reveals the secret path which must be trod, for here are the profound thoughts, noble emotions, and keen insight of the author, a great man who has successfully devoted a lifetime to bringing happiness to others. In this outstanding compilation, a series of valuable guideposts point the way

to true happiness and a full, rich life, each chapter containing practical, downto-earth helps... written

with wisdom and beauty that inspire the soul. President McKay touches on such influences as education,

courtship and marriage, free agency, death, labor unions, heredity, home life, and personal aspirations.

Written with skill and imagination, "Pathways to

Happiness"will prove a significant and enriching addition to your library.

$3.95

NOW—Another New Book On

"The Spoken Word"The Everlasting Things

By Richard L. Evans

For well over a quarter of a century, "The Spoken "Word"from Temple Square has inspired and thrilled listeners around the world. Now, in printed form and just off the press, is the seventh THE volume of these priceless literary gems.., well over a hundred

of them in this compilation! Covering a wide range of topics, EVER* these stimulating articles pertain to the problems and decisions

LASTING of"Prideeach—day,and forPopularityinstance—"Onand Principle,"Getting Along"WhatWithAboutPeople,"Freeall elotopics, timely other to and Ground,"many Common HINGS dom?""We Turn to Happiness,""As Parents and Children Come

them. L. presented can state quently Richard as only Evans

N#w t $3.00

pfe***1 AVAILABLE FROM BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

BOOKCRAFT DEALERS EVERYWHERE 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488

OCTOBER 1957 691 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS, MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60—NUMBER 10

OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints OCTOBER 1957

THE COVER

"The earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof."The cover is a fullcolor reproduction of the center section of a mural by

Mary Kimball Johnson, painted for Emerson

Ward chapel in Salt Lake City. (See March

Era 1957, page 150.) Photography by Hal

The Voice of the Church Rumel.

DAVID O. McKAY

RICHARD L. EVANS

Editors Doyle L. Green

The Editor's Page Managing Editor

Marba C. Joseph son

Some Thoughts on Home.President David O. McKay 701 Associate Managing Editor

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Church Features Production Editor

Your Question: Marriage in Eternity President Joseph Fielding Smith 702 Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Choosing the Rieht President David O. McKay 704 Research Editor

- 708 Richards LeGrand The Worth of MIA - Eileen Gibbons.-... 711...Monitor C. Noyce Sheep""Feed my Manuscript Editor 714 Petersen Mark E. Inventory Time

Jesus Visits Judea—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XVI

1. Doyle L. Green 720 Archibald F. Bennett

Reprint: The Utility of Opposition Anthony W. Ivins 725 G. Homer Durham

The Church Moves On 696 Presiding Bishopric's Page "...754 Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Melehizedek Priesthood 752 Milton R. Hunter

Hugh Nibley Special Features Claude B. Petersen

Sidney B. Sperry Explorers Dedicate the George Albert Smith Arch 706

A Vacation to Your Birthplace X.. Dean Lee 713 Contributing Editors

Slow on that Snappy Comeback? Good! Helen Houston Boiieau 715

Silent City of Rocks Willard Luce 718 ELBERT R. CURTIS

What Basketball Means to Me..... -... 723 General Manager

Thoughts for your Inspirational Talk: "Am I My Brother's Keeper?"724

Following the Pioneer Trail William B. Smart 728 BERTHA S. REEDER

Leadership Development: The "P"Formula for Success Sterling W. Sill 730 Associate Manager

The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L. Evans 736, 740, 744 Verl F. Scott

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. New Facts on Smokers—A Reprint 694 Business Manager

Harris, Jr 689 Be Honest with Yourself 698

These Times, The Challenge of the ConOn the Bookrack 732 A. Glen Snarr

stitution, G. Homer Durham 690 The Last Word 768 Subscription Director

Today's Family Thayer Evans Saturday Means "to Prepare,"Evelyn Simple Planter, Louise Price Bell 760 Regional Advertising

Hyde Dunn 756 Autumn Means Apples 761 Representative

Stories, Poetry EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreet OFFICES

St. Offices, North 50 Main YMMIA Pate Stewart 716 Big Noise, Conclusion - Ora The St. Offices, 40 Main North 726 YWMIA }. Cannon Hugh a King—VII To Be 16, Utah Salt Lake City

Frontispiece, Sky Riders, Marian Schroder Visiting Child, Helen Maring 738 National Advertising Representatives

Art, Ireland Thelma Crothers 699 Autumn MILLSAP & CO. 741 TOWNSEND, 751 Ethel Jacobson Poetry The Glen, Page 700 St. 110 Sutter

Sunset, Puget Sound, Elaine V. Emans...737 Mission Conference, Dollie M. Allen 753 San Francisco, California

MILLSAP & CO. TOWNSEND,

Park Place 672 LafayetteCopyright 1957 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, Los Angeles 57, California

; copy. in $3.00 subscriptions, 25c singlein a year, foreign advance advance ASSOCIATES SANGSTON for at SADLER AND secondclass mailing Office, City, matter. Salt as Acceptance; the at Post LakeEntered Utah Ave. Madison

2, 1103. 1918. in section of authorized 1917, for October postage Julyspecial provided of rate Act 17, Y. N. York New342

unsolicited contributions. manuscripts, for responsible not welcomes but Improvement EraThe SONS DAVIS & rate be accompanied acceptance for at of paid the by must word andManuscripts are ison l%c a

St. suffi30 N. LaSalle delivery return.cient for and postage

Illinois Chicago, address please include a change, ordering for of address. required notice days'"When changeThirty

slip issue recent a from of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

is included.well as the one new

A NEW AND DIFFERENT KIND OF HOSPITALMEDICAL-SURGICAL INSURANCE

TO AGE SEVENTYFIVE!

YOU MUST COLLECT...either in Benefits or in Cash Refund

r\ GREATLY NEEDED FEATURES NEVER BEFOR

S—> COMBINED IN 1 "HOSPITALIZATION"POLICY

YOU GET ALL THESE ADVANTAGES:

LL It cannot be cancelled or dis- 3 It accumulates "cash value"continued by the company, even if for you or your heirs you become a "poor risk"If you drop this policy anytime year, the the second comfor a after feature revolutionary A will contingent a pany you pay health rate accident low and well, stays that if he says in John "And refund amounts premium the cancel policy: can only you

back!"will get $5000.00 he plainly are printed which on as policy! long the pay you As

die, If policy. the the cash you IS THE SIX UNOF ONLY ONE policy AND THAT remains the premiums,

in force to age 75 or until the value is paid to your heirs. USUAL. FEATURES NEVER BEFORE OFFERED

full face value has been paid. THE AMERICAN PUBLIC AT SUCH LOW RATES

never reduced can Benefits be <Ci% LIFE & CASUALTY COMPANY BANKERS Q<a Rates cannot be raised..ever! listed in 701 Benefits Insurance the entire to challenge can again dares NC

Even if you insure a small never be reduced. The policy Industry—by offering the public a sickness and child, the low, low infant rate remains—unchanged—until accident policy so different that every reader will

will never be raised when he age 75 or until the full face value want to get every detail of every outstanding reaches manhood or old age. has been paid in benefits. feature. Forget everything you've ever heard

about "hospitalization"insurance. This remark701 policy,—which NC

of its years.AND THEN THIS MONEYBACK REFUND! ableexpertsnewsay is 10 ahead manytime—insurancewill not

value: benefits in are you when full it well! value face receive the stay will back even if You you money pay you 3 only help pay the bills when you are sick or hurt sick in hurt, or cash as a concollect force, in If policy must you your you keep refund! policy in benefits or your of if tingent refund you premium are face of every you cent value—whether force, well, policy in in or stay a keeping your combination By is to well! sick renewable or guaranteed 701 NCthe full collect of face at the maturity. the two must you has policy face the of or until value the age 75

been paid to you. Mail the coupon for details of

.WITH ALL THIS PROTECTION, TOO, the benefits and costs that apply at your present

age. There is no charge for this information now

2. Doctor's Bills at specified or ever, and no obligation to buy.

All five of the costs (3s of sickness rates. In or out of the hosStock Legal Reserve Company An OldLine pital. injury are covered or accidental ACCIDENT COVERAGE LIFE INSURANCE; AND BROAD OFFERING

RENEWABLE SOME GUARANTEED HEALTH AND specified at Fees ONLY OF THE COMPANY AT OPTION RENEWABLEPOLICIES, OTHERS 701 from pays $3000 NC to 3. Surgeon'srates. out of In or for from and $7500 women pital. & LIFE CO. the hosBANKERSAND CASUALTY for to depend- $2500 $5000 men

ing on your age at time of 4. Hospital Extras (oxygen, IOME OFFICE:.) CHICAGO 30, ILL.

issuance. It includes specified iron lung, ambulance servamounts for: ice, etc.).

MAIL TKBS "FREE INFORMATION"COUPON

Board, 5. prescribed Medicines 1. Hospital and by Room

doctor. general In or out nursing your (including of Thisyour isrequestnot arlorapplicationfree information.for insurance.No obligation.It is merely hospital. the care).

policy. printed available are clearly in your amounts The exact

is the can collect you on the only limit total amount The face Dept.BANKERS2550 LIFE & CASUALTY COMPANY

value of the policy. Exceptions, limitations and waiting periods 4444 W. Lawrence Ave., Chicago 30, Illinois

policy. in are clearly the stated

Life *Only Casualty Bankers & Company Oilers Policy NC 701 andGentlemen:benefitsPleaseavailablesupplyto memewithunderinformationyour newonpolicyrates

I understand illness, rest acts of war, simple The few exceptions—mental in the year cures, NCI was701.born there is no charge or obligation. disease, heart Hernia, the policy. clearly stated in etc.,—are

tuberculosis, tonsilectomy, etc., covered when originating six MR., MRS., or MISS

for other policy. Benefits issuance after of the months illnesses ADDRESS for accidental benefits of policy; date begin 30 that days after ZONE or

injury begin from the first day. Policy NC 701 is not yet available CITY RR # STATE.

in all states. Send name today. See if you are eligible. 8 I 8 C. Co. HOME OFFICE: CHICAGO 30, ILLINOIS 090107

I OCTOBER 1957 693 The Old Woman New Facts on Smokers FROM SCIENCE NEWS LETTER June 15, 1957

die seven smokers In The Shoe Heavyto eightcigaretteyears before they \0 (Faultless Version ) mally would if they did nornot

There was an old woman who There were shirts, shirts, shirts smoke, Drs. E. Cuyler Hammond and

lived in a shoe. She had so and dresses by the score... Daniel Horn, American Cancer Somany children, she didn't know work clothes and play clothes ciety, reported at the American Mediwhat to do! She had to iron, meant ironing that much more. cal Association's New York meeting.

iron, iron all day long; and far, Petticoats and pinafores made This ominous finding plus the fact

far into the night too! ironing even more of a chore! that cigarette smoking must now be

considered an important factor in coronary disease, the nation's number one killer, were included in the final results of a 44month study of 188,000 men between 50 and 70 years old made by the American Cancer Society.

Smoking definitely does cause lung cancer, Dr. Hammond said, and it is

"associated"with coronary artery disease as well as other types of cancer and lung disease.

Until... she discovered that hot She had thought she was saving Lung cancer death rates were 1,000

starch makes ironing so very time with cold starch. But now percent higher among regular cigamuch easier—and lots quicker, she takes just 20 extra seconds rette smokers than among nonsmokers. too! That's because hot starch to make hot Faultless Starch—The most important finding of this

penetrates in, not and she saves 20 minutes or final part of the survey was what deep—goes

on the fabric like cold starch! more of ironing time! So, now.. happens to smokers who decide to

quit the habit: If they do, their

chances of getting lung cancer drop about in half.

The figures showed light smokers quit the habit or cut down much more than heavy smokers do. Of the

regular smokers at the end of the survey, 28 percent reported using filter tips. Since the survey began, 11,870

have died. Of these, 4,406 had

smoked cigarettes regularly. If they

had the death rate of nonsmokers,... she's happy on ironing If you'd like to save 20 minutes only 2,623 would have died.

day. Hot Faultless Starch or more of ironing time, use hot Death rates from all causes comrise of cigwith the number ironing so her makes easy and Blued and bined Faultless Starch—daily. arettes to smoked Compared she fast that even has time white. or regular to Perfumed, nonsmokers, the death rate was 34 play—and her "ironingday You'll find hot Faultless Starch percent higher for those who smoke

blues"are far, far away! is the easiest starch to iron! up to half a pack a day, 70 percent

higher for onehalf to one pack a 1 / P.S. Clothes look "justironed"longer, too, day, 96 percent for one to two packs

when you use hot Faultless Starch. You'll a day, and 123 percent higher for two

not only feel less tired after ironing with or more packs a day.

Faultless, but you'll take a new pride in Reprinted with permission from Science your family's appearance, when you switch News Letter, weekly summary of current to hot Faultless Starch. Try it. You'll see! science,institution,issuedWashington,by Science D.Service,C. nonprofit

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I. RICHARD L. EVANS'NEWEST BOOK...

The Everlasting Things

Here is the seventh and latest volume of a distinguished series of "sermonettes"by *"/*"*

Richard L. Evans, taken from his worldfamous "Spoken Word"broadcasts on CBS.

Life Magazine has described these essays as, "A great chord of common thoughts on

God and love and the everlasting things."A

few of the timely, provocative subjects discussed fi? XHI*

include: Marriage, Family, and the Home;

Youth Looks to the Future; Pride and Popularity—and many others.

$3.00

Handy Scripture Mk BENJAMIN ALWARD All missionaries who use the standard missionary teaching plan will welcome this handy guide. Scriptures supporting the main features in the Restoration

of the gospel are assembled and organized for immediate reference.

$1.75 What Is Distinctive \VH,\\ rs DM|N< Family Courageous

About Mormonism?

ADAM S. BENNION LOUISE LARSEN FISHER

This delightful homespun story

Dr. Bennion lists twentythree disfamily of an LDS family begins when

tinctive features of Mormonism in Courageous thegospelfathernet inis faroffdrawn Denmark.into the

this reprint of his popular ConferAfter his conversion, he settles ence Address of April, 1957. in eastern Utah's Uintah Basin

25c and wrestles a meager living from a resisting soil. However

hard the struggle, he and his large family still enjoy laughter and faith... an inspiring book

Concordance of the—aon familyMUSTsolidarityfor all LDSand readers!growth

Book of Mormon $2.00

GEORGE REYNOLDS You will be amazed with what proficiency become you can an expert I'"nun ii through of Mormon on the Book this handy informative Concordance.

This wonderful key guides you through the history of Book of Mormm mon people, their pattern of culture, DeseretBiBooh Co.

their poetry, and their biographies.... 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City, Utah,. f *<

The Concordance helps you recall specific verses and provides ready reference to words and subjects.

$10.00 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTempleCOMPANY

Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen:

order Enclosed find ( ) you will ) check ( ) money ( the for Please encharge an account.The Story of the Book of Mormon I have

circled (numbered) books: 1 2 3 4 5 6.

GEORGE REYNOLDS Amount enclosed $

Bright and fresh as the day it was written is this superb narrative Name by master storyteller, George Reynolds. The language has an easy Address

flow and the scriptural truths shine with new vitality. This book

will find instant acceptance in every LDS home and capture new City Residents of Utah includeZone2% salesState..tax.

and enthusiastic readers in the younger generations.

$3.00 OCTOBER 1957 695 the Church Moves On to Day Chronology of Church Events A Day

was a brilliant churchman in his own

June 1957 right. He was a publisher, and had once The appointment of Elder Clifserved as assistant general manager of ton D. Boyack, an elementary

in Berkeley, mv New lighting along the north The Deseret News. He presided over school principal

j*fl side of South Temple Street from the East Central States Mission beginCalifornia, as president of the Church's

State Street to West Temple ning in April 1934. As a young man he New Zealand College at Hamilton, New

Street was turned on by Salt Lake City. filled an MIA mission, organizing units Zealand, was announced.

The two block area includes the Bee of the auxiliary in the Deseret (Utah) the houses, Lion andHive Church filled AdStake. to California, a mission He of President D. |v Marion Hanksministration Building, the south and to a genealogical 1938, and in mission First of the Council njfe'the Seventy toentrance Square. Temple Europe. served as a of the member He of delivered the Air the Church |P of bishopric Lehi the Second (Utah) entitled of address Frontier the the "On

Wiv Virginia Stake organized from Ward from 1905 to 1911. During the Spirit"over the facilities of the Colum11 portions of the Central Atlantic centennial year of the Church, 1930, he bia Broadcasting System's radio network.

of publicity the chairman commitwas States Mission and Washington Special pioneer programs were held tee. of a the been had member He Stake, with Elder Cashell(D. C.) Donaof in of the wards and branches many beautification Church's committee. From Sr., ashoe, sustained president and this the Sunday. Church to of his 1932, 22, time the death MarchElders Walter Harold and Hick James

Walker Cole sustained as counselors. he had served as a director of the geneWith its 1456th broadcast in the series,

Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and alogical of society the Church. had the He Petersburg, Gap, are DutchWards Newits of Organ began twentyninth year civic as well, honors held many among (all Norfolk, inport News, Portsmouth

Virginia), and Elizabeth City (North them being on the committee for the nationwide radio broadcasting. The netCarolina). These six wards were all opening of Zion National Park. work program began over KSL on July

branches from the mission. Richmond 15, 1929.

(Virginia) Ward was transferred from anBrigham University Young fv Stake. VirginiaWashington Stake The Peterson, Daniel Edward Hugo for that the nounced a program ilalso received the Franklin (Virginia) stalwart the 96, Scandiamong of doctor will philosophy degree Tr W6vnW mission. the from stake,Branch This r of the people navian Church, at in the |F school launched the Church 245 in functioningnumber the be now at in Salt died City. Lake born was He first fall of 1958. will degrees be TheChurch, the direcformed was under 1860. 14, Visby, Sweden, BapAugust 1960. granted not earlier thantion of B. Elders Harold DelLee and his in tized in native 1873, while land

bert L. Stapley of the Council of the President Brigham Young was still alive,

Twelve. w President David O. McKay anElder Peterson had labored to build up

Midvale Stake organized (Utah) from of that in the dedication the administration of the Church nounced ofportions Stake, East Jordan time. the since that every President Zealand was Church Temple New with PElder presiBeckstead, H. Reed former in to Printer April anticipated (Salt 1958. 20, the be Lake Herald

dent of the parent East Jordan Stake, 'eighties, Deseret News 18841914);

sustained as president and Elders Dorus editor (UtahPosten, Swedishlanguage

A. Thomas and H. Keith Keller susffiv President Oscar A. Kirkham of newspaper of the Church, 191423); mistained as counselors. Midvale Stake F the First Council of the Seventy sionary (Scandinavia 188183; onetime

includes East Midvale First and Second, presided at a special, inspirationpresident, Swedish Missionary Society;

Midvale First, Second, Third, and al mission conference of the Idaho Falls president, Swedish Mission 192325,

Fourth. Elder Donald B. Milne sus- (Idaho) Stake. 193436); translator, (Zions Sanger and

tained as president of East Jordan Stake 'Lions Sange (Swedish and Danishwith Elders Stanley W. Burgon and Norwegian hymnbooks); as a member

B. as;Erekson sustained counEdward Kenneth was D. Jensen staff Historian's Office of the Church n

selors. in Stake Wards East Jordan now as first sustained in counselor the literally translated in 1925, beginning

First are Butler Second and and Union (California) Creek Stake )r WalnutElder of of material pages thousands Church

First, Second, Third, and Fourth. Elders presidency succeeding Elder Owen J. from English to Swedish, Danish, and

J. Thomas Fyans and Jesse W. Thomson, Cook; Elder Joseph R. Hilton sustained Norwegian, and from the Scandinavian

counselors to President Beckstead in the as second counselor, succeeding Elder languages to English). Failing health

old East Jordan Stake, were given their Jensen. had forced his retirement from his desk

release. Midvale Stake is the 246th stake at the Historian's Office in 1950, when

now functioning in the Church. These he was over ninety years of age.

changes were effected by Elders Henry fcv Elder Henry D. Moyle of the

D. Moyle and LeGrand Richards of the IftlP'Council of the Twelve dedicated

Council of the Twelve. jfr the bishops'storehouse of the iW A huge parade, a Tabernacle

Wyuta Region, Church welfare plan. MF Choir program in the Tabernacle, is at Kaysville, building brought other events Utah. and J Jiriy 1957 The of anniversary City tenth youth parade in Salt Lake the one hundred A

honoring the pioneers was held. Daily the arrival of the Pioneers to a close in

James M. Kirkham, 84, died at from now until the twentyfourth, events Salt Lake City. Commemorative proSalt Lake City. A brother of are scheduled as part of the annual celegrams were held in communities wherePresident Oscar A. Kirkham, he bration. ever the Church is established.

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA High pressure water jet shatters solid Gilsonite. Flume hose washes particles down New sources of gasoline

mine floor to pipeline. to fuel 5V2 million more

Petroleum products are now being made without crude oil. motor vehicles by 1965

Standard found the answer in a rare hydrocarbon called Gilsonite.

But it took $16,000,000 and a vast research program to do it. Deep

in the mountains of Utah our scientists worked out a better, faster way to mine Gilsonite. Meanwhile our engineers designed the nation's

first pipeline capable of carrying solids suspended in water... over

rugged terrain to a spot 72 miles away.

There Standard* built the nation's first privately financed refinery to make petroleum products from a material other than crude oil. Today

that refinery turns Gilsonite into high octane gasoline for motorists, and the purest coke known for making steel, aluminum and other 1957 1965 metals. In our country's search for new sources of fuel, the development of Gilsonite is a major breakthrough. It means the equivalent of \In 11 Western States

100,000,000 barrels of oil added to U.S. underground Reserves- * Through American Gilsonite Company,

important help in meeting our country's growing petroleum needs. a Standard affiliate

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

OCTOBER 1957 697 SAMSON ITE CHAIR. Forever! Live and Learn..

SUPPORTS 8 ACROBATS

itIN REMARKABLE TEST! Thislessonslife weis forlearnservingby failingand learning;first andsotryingis the overnext PartSomeofcalllife's

trial and error; another name for it is experience.

A certain amount of trial and error we must accept. It's good

for us. But there is a short cut to learning, shorter than trial and

error, which each of us should try to find. We should seek this

short cut through thoughtful study, from the experiences of others, by the reading of good books, by going. to school. Most folks call

this kind of learning "education."

The chief purpose of education is to prepare us to live happily here and hereafter... and to make the world better for others who

follow. The Prophet told us why: "We are saved no faster than

we gain knowledge"; "The glory of God is intelligence."These

lofty concepts of the place of education in the lives of people are the special incentives which spur us on in our search for knowledge.

It has been said even more plainly: "... if a person gains

more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."

Yes, and in this life, too. For knowledge here is also power

the power to produce the essentials of healthful, happy, comfortable living; the power to govern wisely and effectively; the power to

avoid some of life's unnecessary pains and frustrations which come to the ignorant or unadjusted; the power to recognize and appreciate truth and teach it to others.

These are some of the aims and products of learning and living now and forever.

Nothing worth havin

Dramatic Proof: It's the strongest

folding chair for every use!

Imagine—the famous Wazzan

Troupe put their combined weight of more than 1200 pounds on this allsteel Samsonite chair!

Yet, remarkably enough, it didn't buckle one bit—stayed as

strong and firm as ever!

Here is extraordinary proof that Samsonite is the sturdiest, most practical folding chair you can have. It's the smartest, toodesigned in 10 beautiful decorator colors that transform every

room with new brightness!

Samsonite

allsteel folding

chairs in 10

decorator colors

Shwayder Bros., Inc.,

Institutional Seating Division, Dept. ieio,

Detroit 29, Mich, LTD. e Honest with Yourself OF CANADA, IN CANADA, THROUGH SAMSONITE

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photo by Hal Rumel Studios

SKY RIDERS

by Marian Schroder Crothers

They ride the wind.

The wild birds'wheeling, patterned flight

Is briefly etched in beauty on the sky,

Then lost to sight.

On garnered stubble fields they walk,

Touching the alien earth with restless feet,

Waiting strange call to wing aloft again.

They know the secret, far blue heights:

I, earthbound, only places safe and near,

Yet, watching, I too ride the wind,

Hearing the same strange call they hear.

OCTOBER 1957 699 EQUINOX

By Pansye H. Powell

Walk slowly in the drifting scarlet leaves,

Feeling their fragile touch upon your hair; Listen to rainwords whispered from the eaves Of all that autumn offers, be aware.

Before the blooms of faded summer die,

Breathe in their fragrance, breathe the scent of loam Heavy with matted roots, and hear the cry

MY FATHER LEAVES Of home.geese that arrow to their southward

By Grace Barker Wilson By Edwin E. McDonald Try apples, crisp and tangy on the tongue;

harvested; note cornrow See pumpkins,

brittle, fRisv brown, broken, and little lies hillTI/Iy the father upon how silent swirl messengers These down valley overlooks star twilight's the evening the where In That room tight tree that held them bush and he From of the golden world Harvest is nowhung. autumn made

flight. for their loosed downward them But will for half century. carpets end, pine aspen theHis a where The and home Up

lifeless, still they dead bend and Though paid falling descend. the pioneer are mists land the had and snows work andTo The

to useful end: shattered forms Their His had dividends. horsedrawnBig plow

turned Deep blankets for the ground and grass, pass. seasons as the comfort, A field soil fertile rich into pasture,The SUNFLOWERS

its glacial course wrath has run When grain, orchard. conmost was andOf He

spring's force to yields eternal And cerned Romolo Gene By strife winter's buds, weathered which Then sealed their his family; were needsAbout

life. forth sleeping leaves, burst with As tall to lived see heart. his sonsWithin He brightest, glows you will find Where sun

And comely daughters honorably stand them,

Before the world as competent as ones Their brownhued heads and yellow frocks of land. theLess a born, product lowly Filling spaces be might empty

hilltop, quietly, rests his on nowHe the on blocks. By whatroadside—blocks to see. stars are there pines only andWhere being, Like of native sage, are they

TO AN ARTIST OF OILS BoastingBut like thenaughtsun oftheyhighbredwoo so boldly,graces.

By Dorothy }. Roberts They light earth's arid places.

TI/Iemories come to haunt, after the deed;

Not any act nor substance can be freed I SEE MY FATHER'S HANDS

From aftermath of these.

You lift a brush, By Georgia Moore Eberling

Remembering bright hills in autumn's hush,

And lay the Persian slopes in glowing oil. I see my father's hands once more

Crowds endlessly review your tinted toil; As clearly as I did before

While words that out of solitude are burned The years were gray... when I was

Must to someone, lonely, be returned, small....

And singly, somewhere, fill a quiet quest. Brown, they were, as a leaf in fall

Your thoughts to many eyes at once are That goes to sleep on the forestfloor.

guest.

Paint ministers your need. Hands bronzed by sun and wind and toil,

Words speak for me, Acquainted with the feel of soil,

In syllables that silence weaves, called—Photo by Ralph H. Anderson But always ready to clasp mine,

poetry. Big hands as brown as the sere woodbine,

GOLDEN GLORY Strong as a link of a stout steel coil. MUNIFICENCE

By Marie Daerr I see my father's hands at rest By Deborah Brown 4 ll things are gold today: the willow tree Unmotffjg, pale, and quietblest,

Above the lake's curved shore That drops new coins above the still, How stnge it was to see them still,

Greatrooted oak trees tower, blue pond; Still as\la crumpled leaf and chill

And in October haze The beeches'gold that lights the forest wal ded upon his breast.

Under the russet bough The autumn sun that, like a golden w

Sharppinging acorns shower. Illumines every sheaf of h nds will clasp again

Brown nuggets on the ground Each shock of corn that d,s brown as the mother

Are pebbles underfoot, fields,

Rolling downhill to wedge All vines that spill their im as I used to do

In crevices of rock, ground, young and sky was blue,

Falling in rusty pools Each heavy bough th ly choir will chant amen.

Of small and bitter fruit. yields;

While on the hills the lea burn, CLOSE THE DOOR SOFTLY, LIFE TO A LITTLE GIRL golden torches lifted to t Like

By Arthur Wallace Peach My glad heart, too, would praisthe Kinf By Dorothy Ronneburg door thelose kings softly, life, Whom all the earth seeks thus to glorify! f have a little girl, with freckles on her it ajar; leave Nor

Why enter a door SONG FOR A BELOVED nose.

she's pretty naughty, and she Where memories are? By Mabel ]ones Gabbott Sometimes

clothes. always tears her

Finish the sentence, then T|7ere there no darkened, rainspewed days, She never keeps her hands clean, and she

Put down a dot; With skies as somber as the night, will not wash the dishes.

to a sentenceTo add half as not seem would sun The guess warm, But I'd ask for, if I can you what not a jot. Adds April's so bright. quite blue world Nor could three have wishes?

Lock the door well, Were there no gray tones in your moods, I wouldn't ask for mansions, and I wouldn't

Lay the sentence aside; Nor sudden spilling of a tear; ask for clothes.

From door and from sentence Your smile would lose half its delight; I'd only wish for three more girls, with

The future is wide! And you would not be you, my dear. freckles on their nose.

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IneEditors Page

f by President David O. McKay

SOME THOUGHTS ON

HOME

Parents must lead in the cultural development of their namely, perfect liberty of action so long as one does not children and show a willingness to answer questions. trespass upon the rights and privileges of another.

jfi sfc % % A child that is asking questions is contributing hap- H/:

piness to your life. Fortunate the child whose parents By the art of home building, I mean the inculcating

can leave their work occasionally to encourage the child in the lives of children a nobility of soul that leads in constructive play or spend a few hours in nature study! them instinctively to love the beautiful, the genuine, the

virtuous, and as instinctively to turn from the ugly,

The home is the spring of life, if you please, of our the spurious, and the vile.

social conditions today.

The real source of security of our nation rests in wellordered, properly conducted homes.

The inspiration of God is seen in requiring the Latterday Saints to keep their homes intact and to teach their Homes are made permanent through love.

children the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Obedience is heaven's first law, and it is the law of

Next to eternal life, the most precious gift that our the home. There can be no true happiness in the home

Father in heaven can bestow upon man is his children. without obedience—obedience obtained, not through

physical force, but through the divine element of love.

I praise God for the instructions he has given his people regarding the sacredness, the sanctity, and the A true Latterday Saint home is one in which if Christ permanence of the family relationship. Let us impress should chance to enter, he would be pleased to linger

these instructions upon our children. and to rest.

The secret of instilling faith in God, faith in his Son, I have but one thought in my heart for the young folk the Redeemer of the world, faith in the organization of of the Church, and that is that they be happy. I know

the Church, lies in the home. There it is centered. of no other place than home where more happiness can

be found in this life. It is possible to make home a bit

The home is the best place in the world to teach the of heaven; indeed, I picture heaven to be a continuation

highest ideal in the social and political life of man; of the ideal home.

OCTOBER 1957 701 by Joseph Fielding Smith

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Marriage in Eternity

"And I also beheld that all little children who die before is unwrit- "There an what we may call are saved in Question: that 1 the world, in ten law a woman theythe celestialarrive atkingdomthe yearsof heaven."of accountability,

cannot seek a companion in marriage but must wait until According to the revealed word of the Lord based some man comes along to court and win her. Should a upon the restoration of the keys held by Elijah, we go

girl show any inclination to take the lead she is frowned into the temples today and perform vicariously all the upon as committing an improper act. The result is that ordinances required for exaltation for the dead who died

many of our good young women are doomed to go through without the opportunity to receive the gospel when they life alone. The scriptures teach that 'Neither is the man were living on the earth. If this privilege is granted to

without the woman, neither the woman without the us to work vicariously for the dead who lived during man, in the Lord.'The Church teaches that marriage is past ages, surely the Lord will not deprive those who

for eternity, and without it there cannot be the exaltaare now living and who are less fortunate, and because tion. Are these women, then, who go through life alone, of no fault of their own, fail to receive these great blessto remain separately without exaltation as angels in ings upon which, through faithfulness, exaltation is based

heaven to be servants to those who have been more and offered to the dead. The case of Alvin Smith is in

fortunate? This thought is troubling a great many of us."point. He died before the restoration of the gospel, but

after the coming of Moroni, yet the Prophet saw him in this vision partaking of the blessings of exaltation.

This vision was one still future, it is true, for the Prophet his father also saw and mother there, and they were still Answer: In1836,thetheKirtlandLord gaveTemple,to JosephJanuarySmith the21, living earth at time. the on the

Prophet a vision as follows: Therefore, through the mercy and justice of the Lord,

"The heavens were opened upon us, and I beheld the any young woman who maintains her virtue and accepts celestial kingdom of God, and the glory thereof, whether in her heart all the commandments and ordinances of the in the body or out I cannot tell. I saw the transcendent gospel will receive the fulness of the glory and exaltation

beauty of the gate through which the heirs of that kingof the celestial kingdom. The great gift of eternal life

dom will enter, which was like unto circling flames of will be given her. This gift the Lord has described, shall

fire; also the blazing throne of God, whereon was seated be a "fulness and a continuation of the seeds forever

the Father and the Son. I saw the beautiful streets of and ever."All the gifts of exaltation will be hers, bethat kingdom, which had the appearance of being paved cause she has been true and faithful, and what was

with gold. I saw Fathers Adam and Abraham, and my denied her here will be given to her hereafter. 2 The

father and mother, my brother, Alvin, that had long Lord has said, "Behold mine house is a house of order, since slept, and marvelled how it was that he had obsaith the Lord God, and not an house of confusion.

tained an inheritance in that kingdom, seeing that he "Will I accept of an offering, saith the Lord, that is had departed this life before the Lord had set His hand not made in my name?

to gather Israel the second time, and had not been bap- "Or will I receive at your hands that which I have not tized for the remission of sins. appointed?

"Thus came the voice of the Lord unto me, saying "And will I appoint unto you, saith the Lord, except "All who have died without a knowledge of this Gosit be by law, even as I and my Father ordained unto you, pel, who would have received it if they had been perbefore the world was?

mitted to tarry, shall be heirs of the celestial kingdom "I am the Lord thy God; and I give unto you this

of God; also all that shall die henceforth without a knowlcommandment—that no man shall come unto the father

edge of it, who would have received it with all their but by me or by my word, which is my law, saith the hearts, shall be heirsof that kingdom, for I, the Lord, Lord.

will judge all men according to their works, according to the desire of their hearts. 2DiDHC,& G Vol.132:1924.2:380381.

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOTE Response to Your Question is so great that it is possible to answer on these pages but a small percentage of the questions submitted. In some, cases it may

seem advisable to answer questions by mail. This can be done, of course, only

if you include your name and address when you write.—J. F. S.

"And everything that is in the world, whether it be Furthermore, there are thousands of young men as ordained of men, by thrones, or principalities, or powers, well as young women, who have passed to the world of or things of name, whatsoever they may be, that are not spirits without the opportunity of these blessings. Many

by me or by my word, saith the Lord, shall be thrown of them have laid down their lives in battle; many have

down, and shall not remain after men are dead, neither died in their early youth; and many have died in their

in nor after the resurrection, saith the Lord your God. childhood. The Lord will not forget a single one of

"For whatsoever things remain are by me; and whatthem. All the blessings belonging to exaltation will be

soever things are not by me shall be shaken and degiven them, for this is the course of justice and mercy.

stroyed."3 So with those who live in the stakes of Zion and in the

After explaining this the Lord continues by saying that shadows of our temples; if they are deprived of blessmarriages performed in the world and not according to ings in this life these blessings will be given to them

his law of the new and everlasting covenant, must come during the millennium, for the Lord has prepared at that to an end when the covenanting parties are dead. For time to "... complete the salvation of man, and judge

out of the world they neither marry nor are given in all things, and shall redeem all things, except that which marriage. Therefore, those who are otherwise worthy he hath not put into his power, when he shall have

before the Lord, and are satisfied with a marriage acsealed all things, unto the end of all things; and the

cording to the laws of the world, may enter his kingdom, sounding of the trumpets of the seven angels are the prebut if so they enter there to become "ministering servparing and finishing of his work,..."4

ants,"and their status is fixed "forever and ever."This "Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy

applies, of course, to those who wilfully ignore the law laden, and I will give you rest.

of the Lord and are content with a marriage which is to "Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am

continue only until death separates them. meek and lowly in heart; and ye shall find rest unto your

In the great plan of salvation nothing has been oversouls.

5looked. The gospel of Jesus Christ is the most beautiful "For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light."

thing in the world. It embraces every soul whose heart Alma has given us comforting words in his counsel to

is right and who diligently seeks him and desires to obey his son Corianton:

his laws and covenants. Therefore, if a person is for "I say unto thee, my son, that the plan of restoration

any cause denied the privilege of complying with any is requisite with the justice of God; for it is requisite that

of the covenants, the Lord will judge him or her by the all things should be restored to their proper order. Beintent of the heart. There are thousands of members hold, it is requisite and just, according to the power and

of the Church in foreign lands who have married and resurrection of Christ, that the soul of man should be reared families in the Church, who were deprived of the restored to its body, and that every part of the body privilege of being "sealed"for time and all eternity. Many should be restored to itself.

of these have passed away, and their blessings are given "And it is requisite with the justice of God that menthem vicariously. The gospel is a vicarious work. Jesus

if to their should according be judged works, their and allvicariously a labor performed for us could because we in this life, works desires good of their were and the to ourselves. the Likewise, has grantednot he do it for

living members of the Church that they may act as hearts were good, that they should also, at the last day, proxies for the dead who died without the opportunity be restored unto that which is good."

of acting in their own behalf. mid., 77:12.

6Matthew 11:2830.

3Ibid., verses 8-14. aAlma 41:2-3.

—Photo hy Willard Luce

—Photograph courtesy Deseret

News by Ray G. Jones

the * CHOOSING RIGHT by President David O. McKay

the November 1956 issue of law of nature—selfpreservation. In other people at all times; to keep myInScouting is a picture of six Boy part of this jungle, but out on the self physically strong, mentally awake,

Scouts with packs on their backs fringe in the open, I would have men and morally straight."These Boy

starting to climb what appears to be and women, living the same kind of Scouts are looking toward the realm a somewhat precipitous cliff. In the life, but in a more refined state beof character, the realm of the spiritual

background is a plain with two uncause community life helps to proin which the physical may be subidentified objects in it. tect them from other animals. Somedued that the ideal may be realized.

times they fight themselves. among I In like imagination to should "Heaven is not reached at a single

satisfying of the appetite, theplace in that plain, of the picture a The bound;

gratification of passion, indulgencejungle Africa in South where the germ in But we build the ladder by which we pleasure would seem to be their onlyseeds for of scouting the need were rise aim. This is the animal realm of thisfirst planted in the brain of Sir Robert the lowly earth to the vaulted From

state. mortalS. BadenPowell. the Throughout skies,

six referred Scouts I The Boy to havejungle aniwould have many to its mount And round summit we their this turned backs scene on and tigers,mals—lions, zebras, insects, and round."by

of looking are to a enlightenland up to jungle, the eachreptiles—native Holland** G.—J. is ment. a banner Above them with to orseeking to fearing devour be

devoured. All animals living the first the following Scout oath or promise: They have left the physical realm,

I will do my best: to the animal world, and they are striv- *Address delivered by President David O. McKay "On my honor

at the 34th Annual Scouter of the Convention Great do my duty to God and my country ing onward towards that realm of

Salt Council, Lake at Boy Scouts of America, the

Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, March 9, 1957. and to obey the Scout Law; to help **From Charles Scribner's Sons, Publishers.

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA character, towards the presence of us a youthful angel, holding in his in the group, and then he named their God. On their honor they have right hand cubes like dice, and in his something to which I will refer later.

promised to keep their eye on God. left spheres like marbles. The cubes Those boys took the second step in

In the animal world it is self. In the are of stainless ivory, and on each is mastering the animal passions. They

Scout world it is others and God. To written in letters of gold TRUTH. found out, as all Boy Scouts will find

please their Creator, not themselves, The spheres are veined and streaked out:

becomes the center of their being. To and spotted beneath, with a dark

nourish and delight the body, as all crimson flush above, where the light "It is easy enough to be prudent, animals may do, is no longer the chief falls on them, and in a certain aspect When nothing tempts you to stray, end of mortal existence. Spiritual atyou can make out upon every one of When without or within no voice of

tainment, not physical possessions, bethem the three letters LIE. The child sin

comes the chief goal. God is not to whom they are offered very probIs luring your soul away.

viewed from the standpoint of what ably clutches at both. The spheres But it's only a negative virtue

they may get from him, but what are the most convenient things in the Until it is tried by fire, they may give to him. Surrendering world; they roll with the least possible And the life that is worth the honor

themselves and their inner life to impulse, just where the child would of earth

God, they hope to rise above the have them. The cubes will not roll Is the one that resists desire."

selfish, sordid pull of nature. But at all; they have a great talent for—Ella Wheeler Wilcox

the road is high and steep, and they standing still, and always keep right must climb, each with his own physiside up. But very soon the young The second thing that will help

cal strength and his own equipment. philosopher finds that things which Scouts on their climb to the peaks is

The Scout law names many things roll so easily are very apt to roll into already put forth here tonight and that will help them along that climb. the wrong corner, and to get out of is in the Scout law as is selfcontrol,

I am going to name four or five, but his way when he most wants them, and that is preparation.

they are all necessary, and when while he always knows where to find Last winter the United States young men become imbued with them the others, which stay where they are Antarctic Expedition announced plans and realize what they mean, they rise left. Thus he learns—thus we learn for a Boy Scout to go along as a

to the peaks. to drop the streaked and speckled junior scientific aide, as Scout Paul

First, I name selfcontrol—selfglobes of falsehood and to hold fast Siple had done in the 1928 Byrd Exmastery—a principle for which all the while to the angular blocks of pedition. Dick Chappell went down

men have been placed in this mortal truth. But then comes Timidity, and to the South Pole, chosen out of

existence, and we all stood at one time after him Goodnature, and last of all hundreds of other boys who had apand chose it. I think before I name Polite Behaviour, all insisting that plied. He was chosen because he was

selfcontrol, I would like to mention Truth must roll, or nobody can do prepared. He was a member of

that each one has the opportunity to anything with it; and so the first with Cub Scout Pack 61 and moved upchoose for himself. He can't blame her coarse rasp, and the second with ward through the ranks to Eagle. He

anybody else. He may keep his back her broad file, and the third with her holds fortysix merit badges. He

turned towards those animals and silken sleeve, do so round off and served as patrol leader, senior Patrol states, or he may turn and enter into smooth and polish the snowwhite leader, and junior assistant Scoutthat field again—the field of the cubes of truth, that, when they have master. He was elected to the Order

jungle into which one entire nation got a little dingy by use, it becomes of the Arrow, and holds the God and today invites him. hard to tell them from the rolling Country Award. He made a good

spheres of falsehood."And so the record in high school. He was presiyoung Boy Scout and the young girl dent of his class, made the soccer team

yield instead of manifesting the mastwo years, the swimming and tennis tery which is needed in society and teams three years, and in his senior in other places, in business circles, to year served as president of the student resist, to overcome: council and was voted the best allChoosing first the right way, around boy of the year. He had time

for Scouting, time for school, and time "You are the person who has to defor church. When all the hundreds

cide, were eliminated, seven young men

Whether you'll do it or cast it aside. were invited back to New York. While

Whether you'll strive to the goal that there it looked as though one of those is far, seven would be found prepared and

Or just be contented to stay where would be chosen. This is what Dick

you are."said regarding it. After he sent in his

application to join the United States—Religious News Service Photo The first group of boys in England Antarctic expedition, it was a long

to duty and God"To do my the organized, not even under my country"who before time anything he heard about oath. the part of is a Scout Sir to sent a letter Boy Scouts, down I certainly got "Well, it, and he said,

About that choice I would like to BadenPowell telling him that. they a lot out of being prepared for it

remind you of what Oliver Wendell had decided to eliminate smoking, anyway."

Holmes said in "The Autocrat at the drinking, gambling, and coarse and The next point I wish to name

Breakfast Table.""When we are as vulgar speech. He wrote back and while those boys climb with their

yet small children, there comes up to commended them for those standards (Continued on page 742)

OCTOBER 1957 705 EXPLORERS DEDICATE

Ibert GeorgeA SmithArch

Explorer Scouts"is an appropriate amid Indian ruins and cliff dwellings, director of aeronautics, who distitle for the thousands of young where legend will always hover. covered the arch while charting emerLDS men, who set forth at various The arch, 131 feet wide at the base gency landing strips in the Needles

times for adventure in the wilds. and 112 feet high, was dedicated and area, led the adventurers and offered

One of the highlights of this year's emblazoned with a bronze tablet on the dedicatory prayer. He was acactivities came in April with the dediApril 6, 1957: "No. 131—the George companied by George Prince, Canyon

cation of the recently discovered Albert Smith Arch—To this great Rim district chairman, and James

"George Albert Smith Arch,"in the leader, scouter, friend of youth—and Groutage, Canyon Rim Explorer

"Land of Standing Men"twentyfive President (1945 to 1951) of the Scout commissioner.

miles northwest of Monticello, Utah. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday The newfound arch is one of more

Into a vast, unexplored twenty by Saints—this arch is affectionately than 200 such anomalies throughout

twentyfive mile area, Explorers from dedicated—April 6, 1957—Utah Piothat remarkable, sandstone desolathe Canyon Rim District and their neer Trails and Landmarks Association—evidence that there are still new

leaders trekked into the weird formation."frontiers, not so far away, crying

tions shaped by wind and time Harlan W. Bement, Utah State adventure to those who will listen.

Looking west from the George Albert Smith Arch.

Group of Explorers use ropes in climbing cliff to reach the arch.

j\*

Erecting flagpole at campground near the arch.

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dedicatory prayer was offered by Harlan W. Bement.

Bronze Tablet placed at dedication April 6, 1957.

V S

Track crossing stream in a normally dry stream bed.

Sandstone cliffs tower over two National Guard trucks and road which leads to George Albert Smith Arch.

Looking northwest from George Albert Smith Arch.

OCTOBER 1957 707 THE WORTH OF MIA by Elder LeGrand Richards OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

This is A thrilling sight, brethren I like the theme that you have "Lord, thou knowest all things; thou

and sisters, to have the privilege chosen for this year; in fact, I think knowest that I love thee."And then

of meeting with you this morning. all of your themes have been wonthe answer came again, "Feed my

I do not know whether you have derful, but what could be more imsheep."(See John 21:1-17.)

opened your program or not, but portant in our lives than to know Now, brothers and sisters, I do not

Brother King did it to show me the that this is life eternal, that we might know how we can show our love of entire picture. Here on this leftknow God, the only true God, and God better than to feed his lambs and

hand margin I read these words: Jesus Christ whom he has sent, beto feed his sheep. Shortly before he

"Youth of the noble birthright decause, after all, all that we enjoy in was offered up, he said to his disserves noble leaders."this world, even the creation of the ciples: "Herein is my Father glorified,

So this morning it is my great earth, as has been pointed out, all that ye bear much fruit;..."And

pleasure to greet you noble leaders comes through their power. then he added: "These things have I

of youth of a noble birthright. So we are dependent upon them, as spoken unto you,... that your joy

I pay tribute to the MIA of this Jesus said: "I am the vine, ye are the might be full."(John 15:8, 11.)

Church, to Superintendent Curtis, branches: He that abideth in me, and

President Reeder, and their assistants I in him, the same bringeth forth T?or a moment I would like to dwell

and counselors, and these boards, and much fruit: for without me ye can * a little on what I think the stake

the great work that you are accomdo nothing."(John 15:5.) presidencies and the bishoprics owe

plishing in the Church. Then if we really have that faith to this great organization.

in Christ, the and in can how God stake If the bishoppresidencies and this general assembly, in meet We that greater faith evidence in a we rics this are present here who of us, in the gathwere, someand we and more acceptable manner than to morning, and if they are not here,ering last night, and some of you have been at the presentation of the drama, feed his lambs and feed his sheep. they ought to be, and if they are not

and you will hear the music festival. You remember the statement the here, I admonish you workers from

As I glance through the program, I Savior made to Simon Peter, after the the wards and the stakes to take back learn that there will be seventeen crucifixion of the Savior. Peter said, to them the spirit of this occasion and

different departments meet together in "I go a fishing."He could not realize some of the instruction that shall be

groups to prepare yourselves to do a the promises made by the Savior given. I feel that this is one of the

better job as leaders of youth of the would actually be fulfilled, that after strong arms of the Church. Having

noble birthright of this Church. his body had lain in the tomb for been a stake president and a bishop

three days, take he would it up again. of three not wards, I would know how It in privilege has been my

fishing. fished they went They the past Then to of care the challenge taking meet exercises in of these take partto some

of all sea Tiberias. the night on They of of the youth without the Church I departments, variousin the and

fish, then caught and no the of the help great MIA organizaJesus—they that cases they have in manyknow

in shore standing the on him saw the tion.

filled also chapel, the but onlynot to told and them folk the stand These on have morning—called hall, recreationthe and you when

nets to cast their other the them on heard that did say before if we me all realize, of as Brothersee that and did, they they were side, which and this not in anything have but Church his inCurtis out remarks, pointed to multitude in the not able draw of the organization, great would we MIA the peoplethat have from you come fishes their nets. that in they caught a great have Church, and it would or vice to the East Coast CoastWest

versa, and from Canada to Mexico, Then Jesus said to Simon Peter: be much better than some people

it is only onebecause as I stood in line there this "Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me have at that; but here

morning I met you from all those more than these?"More than what? arm of the Church, and we cannot

distances, and realize that you have More than the fish. Peter had said, get along without it and without the

come of your own accord, motivated "I go a fishing."That was his avocaservice that it is rendering and withby only one thought, and that is to tion, that was the thing he was inout its influence upon the lives of our

help build the kingdom of God in the terested in until he had met the young people.

earth, and bless his children, then Redeemer of the world. Then Peter So I say, first, to the stake presimy heart goes out in appreciation and answered, "Yea, Lord; thou knowest dencies and the bishoprics that they

gratitude and commendation to each that I love thee."And then the should see that the organization is

of you who is present upon this ocanswer came, "Feed my lambs."set up in a strong manner, with good

casion. And you remember that twice he leadership, and I think that when a

repeated it. The third time Peter bestake president of the Mutual is

*Address delivered at the MIA Conference Friday, came somewhat exasperated and said, chosen, or in the ward a ward presi14, 1957.June

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dent, that the stake president and the people in the ward, and when they through and accomplish what we bishop should sit in with those men found young women that had not should do under the great assignment and with the women on the young responded to the call of the teachers, that is ours. The Lord saw fit to talk

women's side, and should explain to the bishop would say, "We brethren on this particular subject in a revelathem the responsibility that they take of the bishopric will take that off tion to the Prophet Joseph Smith as upon their shoulders, that it is not a your hands. We will see what we you find recorded in the 99th and

trifling thing, that it is not something can do about it."100th verses of the 107th section of

they should carry for a few months So I happen to know that they had the Doctrine and Covenants. And I

and then resign. I do not believe we a great feeling for the MIA and so give you the Lord's words:

ought to resign in the work of the I inquired a little as to their attiLord. I think we ought to carry on tude and as to the mechanics of carryduty,Wherefore,and to actnowinlettheeveryofficemanin whichlearn hishe

until the Lord is willing to release ing forward that great organization, is appointed, in all diligence.

us honorably from our position. and I was told that they held a meetHe that is slothful shall not be counted

worthy to stand, and he that learns not his duty and shows himself not approved shall not be counted worthy to stand. Even

so. Amen.

Now, you do not need any greater authority than the authority of the

Lord to let you know that you must know what your duty is in order that you might be able to do it.

This bishop said, "Our Mutual has become such a power for good that we even have had the principal of the high school come to our Mutual a number of times to see what we were doing, he had heard so much about its influence in the lives of the young people."That is not all, but this bishop told me that they had three young men, now serving in the mission field, all three of whom had been converted to the Church through attending the—Deseret News Photo by Ray G. Jones MIA.

While I was president of the South-

I think that if we would do that as ing like that once every month and ern States Mission, we thought the leaders in the stakes and wards, this the other alternate Sunday with the MIA was one of the great proselyting

Mutual would not be able to give other auxiliaries. They attended agencies of the Church.

such a report as they handed me the every seven o'clock preparation meetother day, that in a survey made in ing prior to their ward meeting, the I"et me make another statement on 163 stakes of Zion, and over 1400, as entire bishopric. - the responsibility of stake presi-

I remember, 1461 wards of the I believe in the checkup system. I dents and bishops: See that the MuChurch, the average tenure of office am like Amos and Andy—I believe in tual has places suitable to hold their

of the president of a stake Mutual is check and double check. I think that meetings. Some years ago when I

nine months, and of a ward Mutual, there are three requisites of successwas a bishop, I with other brethren eight months. You cannot learn the ful leadership: the planning of our went into a stake of Zion. While

program in that length of time. You work, then the assigning of our work, there we inspected every recreation

need to know, you need to serve longer then the checkup on it. I learned hall in the stake. As I went into one,

than that in order to get the feel of from this bishopric that they attend I turned to the bishop who was presit, and I think that is one condition every party that they have in the ent and said, "Bishop, would you that needs to be corrected in the ward under the direction of the Mudare invite the girls of your ward to

Church. tual. I think every stake presidency come here in their party dresses to a

ought to try to do that in the stake dance?"

I"astfornia,Sundayprecedingmorning,ourdownmeetingin Caliin parties.Then he said, "We think the MIA "I Hedon'tlookedbelievearoundI would."a little and said,

the temple, I accompanied a bishop program is a wonderful program. I said, "I don't think you would

to his eight o'clock meeting in the Their handbook is a wonderful either. Fix it up, Bishop, and fix it

ward, and when we arrived there, I guide."Then I wondered if all of so it will be suitable."

found the MIA officers of the Young us know what is in the handbook Then we went in that same stake

Women's organization. The entire when we are called to positions of reinto the stake recreation hall, and I

bishopric were there, and these offisponsibility. said to the stake president, "Could I

cers and teachers had their roll book, Now, brothers and sisters, if we see your kitchen?"And we went in

and there they spent an hour studydo not know what our duty is, I wonthe kitchen, and there were cocking the conditions among the young der how we can expect to follow (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1957 709 The Worth of MIA

(Continued from preceding page) priesthood quorums upon the lives of when they were off duty, to labor roaches crawling all around, and the these boys. as missionaries. That letter indicated

drainboard was so dirty that you that during 1956, up to October, those would not want to touch anything "Oecently I interviewed a young, boys had brought 100 converts into that had touched the drainboard, and -*-*- man for his mission, from Toquerthe Church by baptism, by not wast-

I said, "President, do you think a ing their time, as other young men ville—I guess if any of you here

piece of pie served out of this kitchen are from there you will know who he do, but by giving it to the building would taste like the pie your wife is; and if you do not, I will not tell of the kingdom of God in the earth.

served us last night?"you, but he is now laboring in the If that is not feeding the sheep and

He looked around a little, and said, Japanese Mission. I had a letter from the lambs, I do not know what you

"I don't believe it would."him the other day. He told me this would call it, and it comes as the

I said, "I know it wouldn't. Now,"story. He said that he had just reeffect of your influence upon the lives

I said, "when the women make good turned from serving eighteen months of these young people.

pies, don't spoil them by bringing in an army camp over in Germany. We have had many compliments

them into a dirty kitchen. Fix it up."He said, "One day we went as Morcome to us. Just two or three years

Well, that is one of the things I mon boys to the chief chaplain to ago, during June conference, we had think that the stake and ward officers see if we could get permission to hold that Scout pageant up at the stadium owe to the MIA. our meetings in the government—Brother Curtis will remember that

I have talked on the matter of furchapel. The chaplain said, 'Well, we some of us met with Dr. Schuck and

nishing the necessary funds to carry would like to accommodate you, but his chief counselor, I think his name on the MIA program before, and I it is in such constant use we just was Dr. Brunson. Monday morning

threw out this thought: "Bishop, do can't do it.'He said, 'I'll tell you; before they left, Dr. Brunson said

this: "I the spent happiest four days is in the base- a classroom down a there a ten cent program,you want

life entire City here in Salt Lake of my that.'ment. he can use You Then centtwentyfive a fifty cent program,

program, or a dollar program? You told these boys he would like to have witnessing your youth program."He

can't expect them to give you somethem turn in a report of their meetcould not have said that if you had thing for nothing. Those things don't ings. When the first report was not had a good program. If you had

just happen."turned in, the chaplain said, "My, not done things that were extraSo in setting up your organization, you must have a lot of Mormon boys ordinary that impressed him, he never

you bishops and stake presidents, and at this base."He was told that there would have made such a comment beyou can carry this home to them, if were thirtyfive. He said, "I just fore he left Salt Lake City.

it. said, believe can't "you Why,"he to prothey are ought not here—they T ast year at our June conference, we attending your meetboys have more to carryvide in the budget enough

on this program. We should not ings than I have attending mine, and had a woman here, the sisters

sell out to the world, so to speak, and I have five thousand protestant boys will remember, who came from New said she that York. two met She had supervision."under my people oursend young away—many

in missionaries of back lady our Newof halls are recreation not used our thirty -five Mormon Now, when finest the they that were and York as often,as bethey should be and far far boys, home, from away away cause we do not prepare the program from their bishops and their loved ones girls she had ever met, and she deto out cided and she would Utah comefor them. better best a girls, can make and their

if find out see could more she any that you. five I leave thought with of So attending record than church

girls. like our those here two When

it boys, speaks protestant thousand I payoff? is the have what Now, of at the the closed conference end

told you about this ward that loved well for what is being put into their Sunday morning meeting, and I its Mutual, having three boys in the hearts while they are growing into walked into that little anteroom, I mission field. I commend you people manhood here in the stakes and wards said to her, "Now, before you leave

of the Mutual for the wonderful inof Zion. us, there is one thing I would like

fluence you have upon the lives of And the chief chaplain, turning to to say to you, and I want you always the youth of this Church. I call them these boys, said, "I'll tell you what we to remember it. Someday you will

the noble birthright. It is our priviwill do—we'll take the classroom know that the spiritual capital of the

lege as General Authorities to interdown in the basement. You can have world is here in Salt Lake City."

view thousands of these young men the chapel."She said, "Mr. Richards, I know

into and are grow manhoodwho of My daughter and her husband rethat already."called to fill missions, and many

them have spent years in the armed ceived a letter here last October from Similar comments come from every side, from people who come here toforces, and notwithstanding the tempone young man—if I told you the

witness what we are doing.tations surrounding these army camps, family, you would know them—he

many of them can look you in the and his companions were stationed Some years ago a man came from eye and tell you that they are moraldown here in Albuquerque, in the Holland. He was the agent of the

ly clean, that they have not sucarmed forces. I think he had not HollandAmerican Lines. It was

cumbed to the temptations of this been on a mission. But they went when President Grant was alive and

world. Thank God for the influence and volunteered their services to the before I was one of the General Auof an organization like this and the Church officers in that community (Continued on page 764)

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A LOOK AT THE GIRLS'PROGRAM Teed My Sheep"by Monitor C. Noyce

OF THE DESERET NEWS STAFF

Feed my sheep"and "seek after the one lost sheep,"injunctions of the Savior, form a part of the foundation for the Girls'Program.

This great program is doing a magnificent job building young womanhood in the Church.

For the past seven years it has been administered by the YWMIA.

Its thorough enlistment plan and many activities such as sports, drama, music, dancing, and speech has been effective in bringing in many of the "lost sheep,"or careless ones. Sister

girls'Stake, considers Riverside program Bishop Twentyeighth Harold Ward, W. Jeffs, president of general S. Reeder,Bertha

first right to Left Bishops'at Meeting. Donley, are: Ralph matters his monthly YWMIA approximately reportsthe YWMIA, in bishopric; the counselor Mrs. R. counselor, Mortensen, Clarence second D. Laurence and

1,400 girls were reactivated during Evans, age group counselor; Mrs. J. Grant Richardson, president; Mrs, William D. Shelton,

the 195657 MIA year, which ended secretary;activity counselor;Mrs. ClarenceMiss W.AliceBack,Coley,Beehive;attendanceMiss Sharonsecretary;Clark,MissJuniorBetty Gleaner,Ann Black,and

May 31. Sister Reeder has discovered Mrs. Thomas C. Davis, Gatherer.

there is no set formula for making the enlistment plan succeed in this huge lr '-".::K:r-v

reactivation activity but she reports that more than half of the 70,300 young women enrolled in the YWMIA will receive Individual Awards this Typical of the Rose Tying evenings was this one presented by year, according to figures compiled Mia Maid girls of the wards of by Helen Lingwall, attendance secrethe Canyon Rim Stake. Left to

tary. This represents 54 percent of rightSylvia are:Rhead,ElaineShirleyBollschweiler,Blonquist,

the YWMIA, compared with only 41 Shauna Groendyke, Linda Taggart, percent for 1950, when 20,626 of the Jody King, Vicki Ann Sealy, Janet 50,673 girls enrolled received awards. Basinger. groupMrs. leader.Shirley Sealy is

Equally as important as the figures are the reasons this program succeeds. It begins with the survey of

all girls in the Church between 12 and 19. This survey is completed

during July and early August and forwarded to the YWMIA offices, and is designed to furnish a reason or reasons for nonattendance at Church of every inactive girl. From such information ward YWMIA presidencies,

together with the class leaders and

{Continued on following page)

Representative class leaders needed to make the girls'program of the YWMIA succeed are Mrs. Delias Sullivan, left, and Mrs. W.

Ross Sutton, right, standing. Bee Hive

girls in the Yalecrest Ward class are, left to right: Pamela Brasher, Mary Ellen Rich,

Dixie Lynne Royce, and Rebecca Clinger.

OCTOBER 1957 711 "Feed My Sheep"

(Continued from preceding page) bishoprics, chart their course of reactivation.

ball."Sports the your eye "Keep on has The following points contribute to

in reactivation of 1,400 the effective been girls during the past year. the program's success:

1—Good class leaders

2—Enlistment plan

program 3—An activity

festival "Beauty's offering DanceDrama of regular bishop'at the East 4—Holding produced not for Wishing,"

Los Angeles Junior College stadium. 5—Accuratemeetings record keeping

There is actually no set way in which to reactivate girls. What may

work to assist in bringing; one "lost

sheep back to the fold"may not accomplish its purpose with others, states Sister Reeder. Therefore each

case must be considered separately.

But in all cases persistent follow through nets the best results, and such ideas and activities as the subsequent have produced good results:

"A sincere desire on the part of the executives to bring these girls back into activity... personal contacts

with the girls and their mothers...

good class leaders who are interested not only in 'just giving a lesson.'

Sports, drama, dance, music, and speech and other traditional activities of the Mutual have aided in this reactivation program."

Another recent survey involving such considerations as "what the stakes need help with the most,"'and the "stakes'most serious problem in connection with the girls'program,"has revealed such problems as the

Quartet festivals have following:

proved helpful in How to keep leaders; how to make reactivating young

women in the YWleaders sense a greater responsibility;

MIA. Pictured are how to induce secretaries to keep acfinalists Stake Ensign

Salt Lake curate and complete records; developin the 1956

Festival. ing complete and successful enlistment

committees; relating the girls'program

to the rest of the Church; getting

teachers to go the extra mile—to follow the outlined program, etc.

Dancing is another An unusual record in the Girls'arts field of that the of the Program has been YWMIA in bringused can be the Stake. made by Canyon Rim ining young women

to activity in the Canyon Rim, a typical stake, conYWMIA. Scene is sists of eight wards and has funcEngland from New

confertioned for eight months. Mission MIA

ence. All eight wards in the 1st year Bee

Hive Department (12 years old) were eligible for the Flower Ceremony, all eight wards in the 2nd year Bee Hive

Department (13 years old) were eligible for the Hive Building Ceremony, and all eight wards in the Mia

Maid Department (14 and 15 years old) were eligible for the Rose Tying (Concluded on page 737) 712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

J.IY JKtL.

FRfootTWENTYin theONEplaceYEARSwhereI had notI firstSet breathed the breath of mortality.

And it was a good feeling to go back, even if it was just for an overnight visit. The major landmarks of Lin- A Vacation to Your Birthplace

coln, Idaho, were still there, although somewhat changed. The chapel had

been remodeled, and the school buildby L. Dean Led

ing had a new section added onto the rear. Most of the older homes which

I remembered were either missing or it is possible to be homesick in your satisfaction, I heartily recommend had received faceliftings. The two own hometown, I guess I experienced such a visit to every person who has

creeks running through the town were such a feeling. moved from his birthplace. It will be

still inviting as as they were to me

We passed the store where mother well worth your time. I learning to swim was a boywhen

and fish in them. The older people had sent me many times with a growhom I had known were readily cery list, which sometimes included

recognizable, but the younger ones, my choice of one of the pieces of my fifth grade schoolmates of twentypenny candy always in sight. As we

one years ago, had certainly changed. crossed over the Sand Creek Bridge,

Out of a class of about eighteen, only the swallows were swooping in and one or two had taken up permanent out under it, and I knew one could residence in Lincoln. Some few had find mud nests underneath as I had

centered around Lincoln in nearby formerly found them. The tall

communities, but the majority of that guardians of the main street, the fifth grade class had scattered around beautiful cottonwoods, had been taken the world. out, and the street had an unfamiliar,

I looked up the one schoolmate naked look.

whom I knew to be living in Lincoln As we passed the Lincoln Ward and was delighted to meet him again Chapel, I recalled with pleasure the and become acquainted with his famSunday School and Primary classes ily. Although my wife and I and our and the little silverhaired woman

two oldest daughters were the same as who had sung louder than any other strangers to them, they treated us in member of the congregation. I rethe most friendly manner and acmembered clearly my teachers.

corded us the finest hospitality.

the building near school The interested in the wife was My strucfamiliar visit chapel the most was to stated that she have was happyand

I at the in looked town. ture As

streets, lanes, at houses, look thea front entrance, I could easily recall and people which had been a part of my life until I was eleven years the inside hall and room arrangement, teachers, janitor, schoolmates,of age. Our two daughters, eight and

school parties, apples on Christmas, ten years old, obviously were not imand the tubular fire escape. I sensedpressed with the small, quiet community which was very dear to me. a warm closeness to those silent red

brick walls. Despite popular opinion

It was early evening as we rode to the contrary, it was my experience slowly along the streets which had that school was a wonderful place provided the setting for my boyhood to be. My school days reflect mostly

adventures. The house where I was memories of proud moments over

born was pointed out, and then we achievements, fun, and happiness. I

drove by the other two houses where recall saying goodbye to one parmy folk had subsequently moved durticular schoolmate when we moved ing the seventeen years they had from Lincoln. I had overheard conlived in Lincoln. As we passed these versations to the effect that warm

and other places, many cherished handshakes were desirable. I kept

scenes were recalled, and briefly it my hand in my pocket for a sufficient seemed as if twentyone years had not period of time to insure a warm handreally elapsed since I had last seen shake when I bade him farewell.

them, that it would be quite possible for me to knock on the door of one of As we finished the short tour the houses, call the name of the boy through the small community, memwho once lived there, and see him ories flooded my mind in unruly appear just as I remembered him with waves, and I felt within me a new his fishing pole or his slingshot. If thrill. From the standpoint of inner

OCTOBER 1957 713 Family Hour Discussion Topic In preparation for the November visit of the ward teachers, it is hoped that each family will read, possibly as part of their family hour, this stirring article. It is the

fourth in this series in which General Authorities, in cooperation with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss ward teaching topics.

—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

INVENTORY TIME by Elder Mark E. Petersen

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

"perfect, even to become sudner attained is not "by we strive Perfection is in the great meaning There is is in heaven Father as your which is a process of growth flight."It seek den instruction Savior's that we

for perfection, even as our Father and development. To work toward it perfect."

in heaven is perfect. intelligently, we must have a plan to But to build good character requires

Some take his teaching lightly, sayfollow, a set of specific directions to a consistency of action. We cannot

ing that no one can achieve perfecguide and to help us. be hot one day and cold the next;

tion in this life, that such a goal is Since the Lord is our pattern, we we cannot be pious on Sunday and the his gospel as the over -all opposite the rest of the week. We far beyond us—somewhere in the must accept

eternities. plan to follow. The commandments cannot carry water on two shoulders;

Granted, that we cannot become are the specific directions. As we we cannot straddle the fence; we canperfect like God while we are in this keep each commandment, two things not serve two masters. We must be

mortal life. But we can begin now. happen: (1) We eliminate from ourconsistent. We must "hold to the

The Lord expects it, or he never selves those habits which are not in line,"we must stay on the straight would have given us the commandkeeping with his teachings, and (2) and narrow way all the days of our ment of which we speak. We build into ourselves those Christlives. To stray off on a tangent is to

But how can we make this belike traits of character which help get into dangerous "territory."Whenginning? us to become like him. In this manever we stray from that straight and

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA narrow way we sin, and when we son properly, because you will have list the commandments, one under sin, we break the laws of God. lost the spirit of the Lord.'the other, let us also provide space

President George Albert Smith at "When I have been tempted somefor a "yes"or "no"answer as we one time taught: times to do a certain, thing, I have ask ourselves whether we comply with

"There are two influences in the asked myself, 'Which side of the line these commandments. This will give

world today, and have been from the am I on?'If I determined to be on us an instant picture of where we

beginning. One is an influence that the safe side, the Lord's side, I would stand—whether on the Lord's side of

is constructive, that radiates happido the right thing every time. So the line, or in a place of disobedience.

ness and builds character. The other when temptation comes, think prayerAlma had such a checkup in mind,

influence is one that destroys, turns fully about your problem, and the inno doubt, when he wrote

;men into demons, tears down and fluence of the spirit of the Lord will "Behold, I say unto you, that the

discourages. We are all susceptible enable you to decide wisely. There good shepherd doth call you; yea,

to both. The one comes from our is safety for us only on the Lord's and in his own name he doth call

Heavenly Father, and the other comes side of the line. you, which is the name of Christ; and

from the source of evil that has been "If you want to be happy, rememif ye will not hearken unto the voice in the world from the beginning, seekber that all happiness worthy of the of the good shepherd, to the name by ing to bring about the destruction of name is on the Lord's side of the line which ye are called, behold, ye are the human family. The war that is and all sorrow and disappointment is not the sheep of the good shepherd.

if ye are not the sheepbeing waged today is being fought on the devil's side of the line.""And now

by people who have not had the in- (Sharing the Gospel with Others by of the good shepherd, of what fold

It ofspiration that are the Almighty. has you, ye? Behold, I say unto President George Albert Smith, pp.

are forced devil ye thosebeen the is your shepherd, the world by upon and 4243.)

who have listened to the tempter, who of his fold; and now, who can deny

would destroy all happiness in this Since consistency of action is so this? Behold, I say unto you, wholife and in the life to come. Therenecessary, it is well to check on oursoever denieth this is a liar and a

fore we should take advantage of our selves from time to time; it pays to child of the devil."(Alma 5:3839.)

privileges and realize that there is look back over our path and see The Lord is very earnest in his desomething for us to think about before whether we have wandered, or sire that we comply with his comwe move and each time be sure that "stayed on the Lord's side of the mandments, knowing that only such we are right and then go forward. line."compliance will bring the perfection

"My grandfather used to say to his Such a checkup shows us the diwe need for our own progress in his family, 'There is a line of demarcarection in which we are traveling. It kingdom. For that reason he said:

tion, well defined, between the Lord's permits us to readjust our course if "Behold, the Lord requireth the territory and the devil's. If you will we have failed in some manner. heart and a willing mind; and the

stay on the Lord's side of the line A detailed check is always best. Let willing and obedient shall eat the

you will be under his influence and us make a list of all the commandgood of the land of Zion in these last will have no desire to do wrong; but ments of the gospel, from family days."(D &C 64:34.)

if you cross to the devil's side of the prayer and tithing, to saving our dead It has been said that eternal vigiline one inch, you are in the tempter's and sustaining the Authorities of the lance is the price of safety. Only

power, and if he is successful, you Church. vigilance can keep us in the way of

will not be able to think or even reaMake a selfquiz out of it. As we life.

Slow On That Snappy Comeback? Good!

By Helen Houston Boileau Uave you often berated yourself for not having come up with an immediate snappy retort to someone's cutting remark? In the middle of the night you think what you might have said that would

really have topped the opposition, and you rue your slow reaction.

Your regrets are wrong. Be glad that you are a bit slow at cutting repartee. Chances are you

have saved yourself many a quarrel—and many a friend. This isn't a "Pollyannaish"salve

for your ego. It is sane Christian thinking.

Go ahead and think all those sharp smart retorts you missed making if you must. Get it out of

your system; then cool off and calm down. Once you have fumed out your resentments things will

look brighter; you will have let off your pent up emotions, alone, without degrading yourself by making regrettable, childlike remarks in public.

A friendship saved, your mature dignity maintained, and the knowledge that you have not said things you regret but cannot change—these far outweigh the momentary satisfaction that quick, cutting retort would have given you. Honestly, how much real good would that "might have said"remark

do anyone?

OCTOBER 1957 715 |g--ll4W l--

The big cat toyed with the meat, then gazed off absently into the space above the hollow where the sheep were.

The Noise by Ora Pate Stewart

SYNOPSIS That lion didn't look like a killer. that meat!"We knew how he would

Rachel and I were out looking for a lost He was long and slinky. His body do it. He would slice into it cross

cow. Snooks, our pony, was scared by a was thin. You couldn't see that he grain and then would sprinkle in the

a shepherd,big noise Pedro, ran home. and grain

identifiedtook his us to the big had eaten anything at all. Only his white powder—strychnine. The and camp

noise as a mountain lion. We were uncoat was sleek and healthy, showing of the meat would suck in the bitter

thatarmed. only would Papa hope Our was the overall smell would (from the been lubricated that it had poison—and for looking us discovered hecome when

It be meat. grease or lanolin. inside) by goosethat alone. Snooks had come home

was the color of a cocker spaniel. His Pedro didn't say a word. He laid

Conclusion face looked no fiercer than Rachel's the knife across his knees.

little yellow kitten's face—her little The big cat looked lazy and bored.

Weside.knew the thing was just outkitten that purred. Even his eyes did He toyed with the meat and then If only it wouldn't make not betray him. A wolf's will; they gazed off absently into the space

the big noise! It had unglitter with evil. And a coyote's eyes above the hollow where the sheep

doubtedly followed us up the draw. look sneaking and distrustful. But were. He knew we had no dog and

We felt a tug, and the wagon lurched this animal's eyes looked almost no horse. And it seemed that he

forward a little. We pressed against sympathetic. knew we had no gun. He padded

Pedro and peered over his shoulders. I wondered how he could possibly back and forth a few times, then

The thing had pulled the dead sheep have done all the things he was stretched himself, yawned, and layoff the wagon tongue, like some accused of. He opened his mouth,

carcass. sheep by the down to that see capable I couldHalloween he was let us and prankster—just there Actually no reason for was all right. couldn't a sizable piece tore around. It fromknow he was He

the cat to doze outside our door. Ifhave been hungry—eight sheep and the dead sheep and minced at it like

a cow and calf. Of course they say a dainty lady with an olive. If only he had any business with us, he could

those things don't always kill to eat. Pedro had "made with the poison have come in. The door was open.

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The roof and sides were of the merest stretched himself into a long quarter that we twisted and squirmed trying canvas, weathered to a tattletale gray. moon, yawned audibly, and padded to keep quiet, that the lion wiggled

Obviously he did not want to harm off toward the spring. Pedro waited his ears to dissuade a persistent blowus just then. Perhaps he just wanted until we heard the loud scattering of fly, and that he occasionally yawned

to keep us imprisoned, so we couldn't magpies, and then he bounded lightly way down into his throat.

interfere with him. He blinked his out onto the wagon tongue. He The wagon was facing east; and

eyes and yawned. He was undoubtedplunged his knife into the piece of after a few hours it began to get

ly weary from all he had done and meat and dragged it to where he could darker at our end. The shadow of

sleepy because he had worked the reach it. Then he hurried with it the rounded canvas top pointed taller

night shift. He had traveled a great back up the wagon tongue to his place and taller in front of us. You'd have

distance, but his sides were not ripin the doorway. He slashed the meat thought the lion would have moved

pling, and he was not lathered. in several places, took an open can back out of the shadow. Animals

Poor Snooks was undoubtedly still from his cupboard, and scattered the don't seek the shade on the summer running. He wouldn't stop until he white strychnine powder through the range. They don't have to. There's

came to his own stall in the big barn cuts. He took the mutton back down always enough wind to keep them

at home. That was the way he did the wagon tongue and laid it exactly cool. But he had a fur coat on, so

when there was lightning. where it had been. In broken whis- I guess it didn't bother him. AnyAnd then a flash of hope crossed pers he told us that the lion would way he didn't move. I hoped he

my mind. Papa would see the fresh likely not strike until night. Pedro would go away before dark. Rachel's

lather! He would see the pinto and would not throw the knife because a hands were very sensitive about heat

the sheepherder's gun and would wound only added to a lion's strength. and cold. I hoped she would not

know that we were stranded at the However, he would sit in the doorneed to light the firebrands; but it

sumrrler range. He would blanket way and if the cat tried to come in was better for her to light the firepoor Snooks and give him some oats. he would take his tonsils out, or the brands than to have to wield the grub

Then he would saddle a fresh horse Spanish equivalent. I couldn't make ax. She didn't have the finger musfor himself, bridle another one for out just exactly what the operation cles it would take for that. I wished

us, tie the pinto to his saddle horn, was that he intended. I was to back that in a moment she would shake

and come up the draw to our rescue. him up with the grubbing ax, and me, and we would sit up and rub our

"Please, Heavenly Father, tell him Rachel was to smear mutton tallow eyes and find out we had only fallen to bring the thirtythirty,"I said on the sage clumps in the wood box asleep on the cool grass at the heartwithout making any noise. "And and make them ready for firebrands. shaped piece. I sometimes had nightplease tell him to hurry."Papa never Cats were supposed to oe afraid of mares, and she would shake me. I

hurried. And if he did, it would still fire. We would not light them until wished we could wake up and find

take a couple of hours. Pedro didn't after dark or at least until the need the cow and calf and go home.

cat arose. back was coming The a even a clock. havehave He didn't little, cat arose, roused a The and talking quit so resumed and now, we thatcalendar. even know He didn't himself, stretched the ignored meat

places exactly were. our as we Still, so were Thursday. weit was that strychPedro with had seasoned

quiet that we could hear the ticking He lay down in the same place nine, and reached over and got himof eternity. he had been. We hoped that he self a fresh slice from the carcass. It

The great cat wrinkled his nose and would nibble on the meat, but he was nearly dusk now and his new looked bored. A flock of magpies didn't even look at it. He just day's work would soon begin. He

circled noisily and headed for the yawned. guessed he'd go get himself another

spring. This must have reminded The hours that followed would be drink of water and get at it. He

him that he was thirsty. He got up, boring in the telling. I could say disappeared over the edge of the rise

above the spring.

Pedro grabbed the grub ax from my hands. My fingers were numb

and cold. I hadn't noticed them before. He put the knife back in his

i ofbelt,theandclumpstakingRachelup the hadwoodboxtallowed,full he hurried down the wagon tongue.

He sank the grub ax down into the hard ground with a heavy thud.

He loosened a sod, set up a sage clump in the hole, and moved on.

About three feet apart he set up another, and another, and another until he had a horseshoe of clumps around the front of the wagon. I

wanted to light them but he made me stay inside. He tore a page out of the

catalogue and twisted it into a long taper; then he lighted the firebrands

(Continued on page 743) OCTOBER 1957 717 J? -!fc

NEVADA

SILENT CITY OF ROCKS

by Willard Luce

Today Idaho's Silent City of Rocks The southern route went southstopped long enough to carve their is a long way from any major ward from South Pass to Salt Lake names or to paint them with axle highway. It is thirtysix miles City. From here it went northwest, grease on the strangely and fantassouth of US 30 which swings across skirting Great Salt Lake, and finally tically eroded granite boulders. Here

southern Idaho. It is one hundred joining the Fort Hall route at the nature played one of her strange

miles north of US 40 as it races across Silent City of Rocks just north and tricks. Today many of the names

Utah and Nevada. a little east of the present Utahand dates stand out in relief. Those

A little more than one hundred Nevada border. names, painted in grease, have withyears ago, however, the Silent City The third route was the Hudspeth stood the wind and the sand while

of Rocks was an important junction cutoff. It more or less bisected the the exposed granite surrounding them

on the old California Trail; in fact, area between the other two. This has worn away.

it was the junction, or apex, of three was the rough one. The land was And many there were who reached

branches of the California Trail. The rugged, broken. Much of it was the Silent City of Rocks but never

Fort Hall route followed along the twisted lava beds, waterless and barleft again. This was the land of the

Oregon Trail and the Snake River as ren. In places, mountains rose, Bannock Indian.

far as the Raft River. Here, those ramming their peaks against the sky. The greatest disaster, the Almo

bound for California turned south. In other places, deep, impassable gulMassacre, occurred in the summer of

They followed up the Raft for some lies stretched across the land. 1861. One early morning a wagon

distance before swinging westward The Hudspeth cutoff was never train of sixty wagons pulled away again. They passed through the City very popular. from the little Almo Creek where

of Rocks, then dropped down into Many there were in those early the people had camped the night bethe valley of the Humboldt River in days who passed through the Silent fore. Slowly they stretched out onto

Nevada. City of Rocks. Many there were who the flats in a long, straight line.

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If8

L'

Strangely eroded granite boulders make up the formations which fashion the Silent City of Rocks. Picture at left, on right hand page,

shows place where the California Trail came through the notch (upper left corner). Grain

fields cover the land where oxen once pulled the huge Conestoga wagons.

Once the wagons were well awav refused to give up. Early the fourth child in her arms and rocked it, cooing

from the water,. the waiting Indians night, a man and a woman slipped in its ear.

swooped down. Quickly the wagons out between the wheels of the wagAhead, the others stopped in a

were swung about to form a corral. ons. Slowly, cautiously, they moved world that had suddenly become

Inside were three hundred men, through the sage, crawling inch by ominously quiet.

women, and children, and all their inch on their hands and knees. Every For a long moment the mother

animals. second or so they stopped, desperately fought her despair and thought of

The Indians didn't do much fightsearching the night for any sound, going back. Then she clamped her

ing, just enough to keep the siege any movement, any smell. teeth into the baby's clothes and,

intact, just enough to keep the emiAnother few feet. Another stop. carrying it like an animal might carry

grants from the water of little Almo Then a few yards. Slowly the wagon its young, she went on.

Creek. train fell back until it was a quarter From a distant hill came the cry of

Desperately the men dug within of a mile away. Then a half a mile. a coyote. The baby wriggled and the

the enclosure of the wagons. Down Finally a mile. mother moved her head gently back

through the sage and the topsoil. They partially stood up now, and and forth, swinging the baby as ifDown. Down. But they Down.

water.found no On the third day, made short, stoopedover runs through it wereSlowlyin thea hammockfour creptor on.a swing.

the animals had to be turned loose the yardhigh sage. As far as is known, these six people

because, crazy with thirst and the A few hours later four others crept were the only ones to escape. Six out

constant yelling of the Indians, they out from beneath the sieged wagons of three hundred. The first man and

endangered the lives of all those a - man, two women, and a nursing woman made their way down across within the wagon corral. Once rebaby. The baby was asleep. The the hills and valleys to Brigham City,

leased, the animals immediately raced mother, crawling on her knees and Utah, almost a hundred miles away.

for Almo Creek, where they had their one arm, almost fell when her long A rescue party set out immediately.

drink and were captured by Indians. dress caught under her. The baby They met the man, the two women,

After that it was only a matter of stirred and whimpered. Almost and the baby; but they were too late

time, and they all knew it; but six frantically the mother cradled the (Concluded on page 766)

OCTOBER 1957 719 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTXVI

is Jesus? These crude but picturesque shelters services were held. In addition, acWhere

This is the question which were symbols of the dwellings used by tivities peculiar to this particular celeseemed to be uppermost in the their revered ancestors during the long bration were carried out.

minds of many of the Jews in Jeruyears they traveled in the wilderness But where was Jesus? Why was

salem during the early days of the after being delivered from the Egyphe not in attendance? Would he yet

festive week of the Feast of the Tabertians. They served to remind them come? If he did would the threats

nacles. From all over the Holy Land of that journey and to make them of the Jewish leaders to kill him be

and from far distant places had they more appreciative of the promised carried out?

gathered to the Holy City for this land to which the Lord had led them. Opinions concerning the Galilean

great occasion which took place each These shelters, of course, had to be varied widely. Some of the people

fall after the harvest. completed before the beginning of looked upon him as a "good man,"

In some ways, the Feast of the the week, and one can picture the but others thought he was a deceiver.

Tabernacles must have been the most activity that went on. Most of the The discussions, however, took place

spectacular of all Jewish celebrations. people from distant points stayed outin private groups, and probably with

During the week, which started and side the city itself, building their lowered voices. The people knew the

ended with the Sabbath, the people shelters on the hills, in the fields, and authorities were seeking Jesus among lived, for the most part, even those along the roads. the festive throngs, and they dared

who remained at home, in booths or Events that characterized other not speak openly of him.

shelters covered with fresh cut twigs feasts also prevailed here—the temple It was during the middle of the

or boughs. taxes were paid, sacrifices were made, week that Jesus, who had entered the

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Mary, thou hath chosen that good part"Then came a question which must "But I know him: for I am from

Painting by Hermann Seegar. have startled many people. "Why go him, and he hath sent me."

ye about to kill me?"Jesus bluntly "Blasphemy,"cried the enemies of

'city without notice or fanfare, made asked. the Lord! And right in the holy temhis appearance in the temple and Naturally the Jews denied having ple as well.

began to preach. any such intention. Immediately the Jewish leaders

We can only imagine the marJesus then rebuked his enemies for sent officers to arrest him, but Jesus his speaking, they continued and velous discourse Savior the must have criticizing healing on the him for lislisten. his stopped to Although in this time, his Father's given at holy that according Sabbath, pointing out

teners very impressed were with much friends house, eneboth and among to things the certain law of Moses still dissaying, they he what was that with a knowledge such mies, and could done. according not be "Judge

as to agreed or was. he what who opportunities be past. soon would to said, the "but appearance,"he

When the "Jews"marveled and asked judge righteous judgment."Many thought that he was indeed a

"How knoweth this man letters, havprophet, but others continued to ing never learned?"* Jesus answered, Many of the people marveled at raise the question, "Shall Christ come

"My doctrine is not mine, but his that these words. How could a man whose out of Galilee?

sent me. If any man will do his will, life was being sought by Jewish lead- "Hath not the scripture said, That

he shall know of the doctrine, whether ers dare to be so bold in his speech? Christ cometh of the seed of David,

it be of God, or whether I speak of "Ye both know me, and ye know and out of the town of Bethlehem, myself."whence I am:"Jesus declared, "and where David was?"

of myself, not but he that come I am did not Jesus he tell them Why this article references *Scriptural in is true, are from Luke sent ye know me whom 10. in 9,, 10, 11, 12, 13; been and born Bethlehem? not. had John 7, 8, Even

if he had, it is likely that few would have believed him. And although he

Christ and the sinful woman. Painting by Olrich.

—Photo by Camera Cltx could have proved that he had been

born there, it would have meant nothing. Faith is not based upon the

location of a building. Conversion

does not come through the establishment of one fact.

But the officers sent to take Jesus were so impressed by his words that they were afraid to lay hands on him.

Why had they not carried out the orders given and brought this man to them, the chief priests and Pharisees demanded. "Never man spake like this man,"the officers explained.

This raised the ire of the Pharisees, who asked the officers if they had also been deceived. "Have any of

the rulers or the Pharisees believed on him?"they asked.

Among the group of Jewish leaders was Nicodemus, who had visited Jesus by night more than two years before.

Some spark of belief still burned in the heart of this man, and he came to

Jesus'defense to the extent of asking, "Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth?""Art thou also of Galilee?"they

retorted. "Search, and look: for out

of Galilee ariseth no prophet."Fearing that he would lose face if he professed to believe on Jesus, Nicodemus

said no more. The account and the

evening's activities closed when "every man went unto his own house."

The Sadducees and the Pharisees must have spent a troubled night.

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1957 721 Jesus Visits Judea (Continued from preceding page) by the Savior on this occasion, are "He that shewed mercy on him,"

They had been defied by the man the following: the lawyer replied.

from Galilee. Their own officers had "And ye shall know the truth, and "Go, and do thou likewise,"Jesus

failed to carry out their commands. the truth shall make you free."instructed.

These events probably formed the "Whosoever committeth sin is the Directly east of the Mount of Olives main topic of conversation throughservant of sin."and but a few miles from Jerusalem

out all of the shelters in and around "He that is of God heareth God's is the village of Bethany. It is supJerusalem that night. words:..."posed by many that this is the city

Early the following morning Jesus "Verily, verily I say unto you, If a where Jesus spent many of his nights was again in the temple instructing man keep my saying, he shall never when he was visiting Jerusalem. In

great crowds of people who came to see death."this village lived two sisters, Martha

hear him. As he was teaching, the Offended because Jesus said, "Beand Mary. Martha, who seemed to

Scribes and the Pharisees brought to fore Abraham was, I am,"the Jews be the older of the two and the owner him a woman who had committed a tried to stone him, but Jesus, as he of the house, received Jesus into her sin so grievous, that, according to the had done on prior occasions, slipped home. Anxious to be a good host, she

law of Moses, she should have been away unharmed. busied herself with preparations for

stoned. In this the Scribes and the At the close of what seemed to have the meal and making; her guest comPharisees were swinging at the Savior been an appointed time, the seventy fortable in a physical way. Mary, on

listening sat other the hand, by Jesus, thought swordwith a twoedged and sent out Jesus time had some whom gospel. to the explain natuThis him trapped matterthey no had what him earlier, to their report. returned make

sister, rally older the she bothered and Ifhis said the that answer. he law exclaimed, they "Lord, even With joy

saying, dost "Lord, thou to Jesus cameof the be should upheld and Moses devils are the us subject unto through left sister that care not hath me my stoned, they should might bewoman thy that name."Jesus reminded them

therefore that to serve alone? her bid of himself putting accusedhave him to given the he had them power do

above the present ruling body of the wonderful things, but they should she help me."

Jews. According to their interpretarather rejoice "because your names Answering, Jesus said, "Martha,

tion the law of Moses was no longer are written in heaven."Martha, thou art careful and troubled

in effect, or at least it was not being about many things:

his eyes Turning toward heaven, did theobeyed. not If he uphold thing is needful: one "But and said: Father, Jesus "I thank thee, O accuse they could thenlaw of Moses, that chosen hath good part, that Lord of heaven and earth, thou Maryhim of overruling that great lawhast hid these things from the wise which shall not be taken away from

maker. and prudent, and hast revealed them her."

But Jesus did not answer. Rather, unto babes: even so, Father; for so Jesus prayed often to his Heavenly

he stooped down, acting as though he it seemed good in thy sight."Father for strength and guidance.

at all.did not hear with them Then, After his finished prayer on he had "Blessed are the eyes see the which

finger,his wrote something he upon disciples said, of his one one occasion, things to his that said see:"ye he

persistedthe ground. they When to as pray, also "Lord, us teach John I tell followers, that "For you, many

retheir questioning,with Jesus disciples."his to taught prophets desired kings have and

is sin thatsponded: without "He It this at that time Jesus was see, see things those ye which and

let first cast you, a stone himamong to the beautiful us that gave words to seen not have them: hear and

at her."the Again wrote he upon of Lord's the us Prayer remind which those things heard, ye which and haveground.

not heard them."Jesus gave as part of the Sermon on

Savior the the record wrote What Mount: atthe a lawyer, occasion On another say,does not but by some "... Our Father which art in heavto trap asked, it is tempting the Savior,

sins of thatthought wrote the he "Master, what shall I do to inherit en, Hallowed be thy name, accusing were the woman.those who

At any rate, one by one "beginning eternal life?"Thy kingdom come. Thy will be

at the eldest, even unto the last,"the In answer Jesus asked, "What is done, as in heaven, so in earth.

men slipped away and Jesus was left written in the law?"Give us day by day our daily bread.

alone with the woman. Jesus arose "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God And forgive us our sins; for we also

and asked, "Woman, where are those with all thy heart, and with all thy forgive every one that is indebted to thine accusers? hath no man consoul, and with all thy strength, and us. And lead us not into temptation;

demned thee?"with all thy mind; and thy neighbour but deliver us from evil."(Luke 11:2-

"No man, Lord,"she responded. as thyself,"the lawyer replied. 4.)

"Neither do I condemn thee:"the "Thou hast answered right:"Jesus "Ask, and it shall be given you";

Savior said, "go, and sin no more."said, "this do, and thou shalt live."Jesus advised, "seek, and ye shall

Again Jesus started preaching and But the lawyer, still trying to trick find; knock, and it shall be opened

again the multitudes gathered around. the Lord, asked, "And who is my unto you."He explained that a father

The Pharisees and the Scribes were neighbour?"Jesus then related the when his son asked for bread would

there listening to every word, disputstory of the Good Samaritan and not give him a stone, nor a serpent ing many of the things he said and asked who in the parable was the when he asked for fish, nor a scorpion trying to prove that he was wrong. neighbor of the man who fell among instead of an egg.

Among the many great truths spoken thieves. (Continued on page 763)

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Basketball Means lo Me

EDITOR'S NOTE:

Yearly, when the leaves start turning, when tennis, golf, swimming, fishing—all those summer joys—begin to fade,

countless athletes take to the hardwood floors, the hoops, and the swishing nets—time for basketball, one of the great international sports.

Within the next few weeks the allChurch basketball league (approximately 25,000 players) will rumble into action—the

largest basketball league in the world, dedicated not only to fostering expert ball handlers, but also outstanding young men who obey sportsmanship's highest code.

Last season, to determine how well the program achieves this latter goal, tournament finalists from 2406 senior and junior M Men teams, at Provo and Logan, were requested to ponder a significant thought: "What the Church Athletic

Program has Done for Me."

Following are the winning essays from both divisions, along with excerpts from several additional entries—words to contemplate for the competition ahead:

Elder Marion D. Hanks chats with some ball players

and their coach.

A whistle, a tossup, and a championship basketball game has begun.

SENIOR WINNER It seemed for many months that he was privileged to coach an ExThe average American is a conthis was the final result of those plorer team to a division championglomeration of many elements of the dreams and aspirations. Instead, it ship, and in doing so enjoy the thrill

society we enjoy in this blessed land. was only the beginning. Through of helping and watching other boys

The world of sports, in my opinion, hours and hours of practice with a overcome problems, find happiness, is one of the very important ingrebasketball, very slowly and laboriousthrough competing in the world of dients that goes into this "Average ly, at first on the backyard hoop, and sports.

American."The athletic program then in the years to follow by limited Seventeen years have passed since

of the LDS Church is a great conparticipation in the many athletic this young man was introduced to tribution to the American way of life. programs of the Church, this young the world of sports by his father.

Some 17 years ago a youngster of man was able to regain a greater deRecently, he and his wife moved to 10 years was introduced to the world gree of his physical strength and a new ward where once again an of sports, which was to play a varied muscular coordination than his parathletic program of the Church has and important part in his life. His ents and doctor ever thought poscontributed a cherished page to his

father started taking him to basketsible. book of life. This time it proved to

ball games, where he not only learned During the years that followed, be the deeply appreciated and valuthis young man gained many other able means of securing the pricelessof the game—its rules, sportsmanship,

experiences through his association treasure of humble, good, and trueand excitement—but this activity became the medium which created the with sports. One of the most gratifyfriendships.

unparalleled joy of close association ing and practical came while he was This is what the athletic program between father and son. serving a mission for the Church. of the Church has done for me.

As this boy grew older, the love of The town in which he labored was Mac L. Hansen

sports grew deeper within him. At unreceptive until he and his comSalt Lake City

the age of thirteen, when the dreamy panion joined a civic basketball aspirations of a young boy to star in league and displayed what they had JUNIOR WINNER some phase of athletics nears reality, learned in the programs of the A urora is a small town of about 600 people.

is It for too theater, small there a and miracles happened Then inChurch. stricken polio. with washe The

cafe or centers entertainment any to the opened and doors lasted days,tense pain only a few offer, larger roller "Mormon isthatno the as such towns then the worst phase of this disease preacher basketball players."skating, bowling, etc. So, there is not much

hit—complete paralysis. Upon returning from his mission, (Continued on page 736)

OCTOBER 1957 723 * 9 Thoughts for your inspirational talk

"Am I My Brother's Keeper?"

Nearly everyone in the Church is called upon occasionally to give an inspirational talk—in

Sacrament meetings, leadership meetings, firesides, or funerals, at MIA, at seminary, at Sunday School.

Finding suitable ideas and helpful quotations is sometimes a problem. Through this new department,

which will be a regular feature of the Era, ideas, suggestions, and gems for your speech will be given.

We hope they will prove useful to you. The Editors.

A brother offended is harder to be won Heav'n forming each on other to depend, than a strong city. A master, or a servant, or a friend

—Proverbs 18:19. Bids each on other for assistance call

Till one man's weakness grows the strength

He that hath no brother hath weak legs. of all.

Pope, "Essay on Man."—Persian proverb.—Alexander

Brothers quarrel like thieves inside a Down in their hearts, wise men know house, but outside their swords leap out in this truth: the only way to help yourself

each other's defense. is to help others. proverb.—Elbert Hubbard.—Japanese

is a friend given by nature. Bare is his back who bears no brother. A brother

"Maximes."—Scandinavian proverb.—Legouve,

Write me as one that loves his fellow I do not hunger for a wellstored mind, life and find men. I only wish to live my

heart in unison with all mankind.—Leigh Hunt, My

"Abou Ben Adhem."-—Edmund Gosse,

"Lying in the Grass."

The crest and crowning of all good,

Life's final star, is Brotherhood. It is through fraternity that liberty is saved.

Hugo.—Edwin Markham,—Victor

"Brotherhood."

Infinite is the help man can yield to man.

—Carlyle.

Whoever degrades another degrades me,

And whatever is done or said returns at Man, man, is thy brother, and thy father last to me.—Walt Whitman, is God.—Lamartine.

"Song of Myself."

... let every man esteem his brother as

The time shall come himself, and practise virtue and holiness

When man to man shall be a friend and before me.

brother.—Gerald Massey, esteemAnd againhis brotherI say untoas himself.you, let every man

"Hope On, Hope Ever."—Doctrine and Covenants 38:2425.

We two form a multitude. A new commandment I give unto you,

—Ovid, Metamorphoses, Bk. i, 160. That ye love one another; as I have loved

you, that ye also love one another.

*Genesis 4:9.—John 13:34.

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA death; but, in spite of our opposition

to it, we know that sometime it will come to us and those we love—that

eyes which beamed with the intelligence of God will become dim, lips which spoke love and hope will be stilled, and hearts which pulsated with The Utility emotions of affection and trust will cease to beat.

of conin this are world we struggle this constant Of Opposition"trasts?Why Why

between good and evil, between that which is most desirable, and that "by President Anthony W. Ivins which we wish to avoid, but which

is constantly pursuing us? This is the

answer: "And there was war in heaven:

God said, Let us make man in satisfy the hunger of man; no material Michael and his angels fought against

Andour image, after our likeness: and to clothe his body. If desirable plants the dragon; and the dragon fought

let them have dominion over the exist, where the intelligence of man and his angels, fish of the sea, and over the fowl of has not been applied, a constant war "And prevailed not; neither was

the air, and over the cattle, and over is waged upon them by these evil and their place found any more in heaven.

all the earth, and over every creeping worthless weeds and shrubs, and they "And the great dragon was cast out, thing that creepeth upon the earth. exist, if at all, only by constant strugthat old serpent, called the Devil, and

"So God created man in his own gle and warfare. Satan, which deceiveth the whole

image, in the image of God created This law of contrasts applies to the world: he was cast out into the earth,

he him; male and female created he earth, and all created things which and his angels were cast out with

them. are upon it. Man himself is a dual him."(Rev. 12:7-9.)

"And God blessed them, and God personality, subject to one or the other "And this we saw also, and bear said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiof two forces, each of which is strivrecord, that an angel of God who was ply, and replenish the earth, and subing for the mastery. One of these in authority in the presence of God,

due it."(Gen. 1:2628.) two conflicting influences is constantwho rebelled against the Only BeThe first direct command given by ly striving to lead man on to higher gotten Son whom the Father loved

the Lord to man, whom he had ideals; the other, exercising the conand who was in the bosom of the

created, is suggestive of opposition. trary influence. In contrast to day, Father, was thrust down from the

To subdue is to conquer and bring the light of which is so necessary to presence of God and the Son, permanent subjection, either by suour welfare which we love so dearly, "And was called Perdition, for the perior force, or to prevail over by we have night, whose shadows bring heavens wept over him—he was Lucikindness, persuasion, or other mild a feeling of depression, a time when fer, a son of the morning."(D & C

methods, but by whatever means acthe powers of darkness appear to hold 76:2526.)

complished, to subdue is to bring sway. In contrast to the cheer and Having been cast down to earth,

under complete subjugation. blessing of sunshine we have clouds Lucifer and the rebellious spirits who

That the agencies acted upon and storm. While in the enjoyment were cast out with him have exercised

would be in opposition to those acting of health, our temporal requirements all of the power with which they are is obvious, otherwise there would be provided for, with nothing to mar our possessed to gain and maintain connothing to subdue. happiness or peace, we may be stricktrol over it. His is the power which is

The Lord again said to Adam: en down by sickness or accident, our constantly exercised to obstruct the

"Because thou hast hearkened unto substance may vanish, and we are in work of the Lord, to pervert the the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten dire distress and sorrow, as was Job truth. He is the father of lies, he

of the tree, of which I commanded when so bereft. We love and cherish loves darkness rather than light,

thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of life, and deplore and fight against glories in war, famine, and the disit: cursed is the ground for thy sake, tress of the human family, and is the

in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the author of death, which came to us days of thy life; through the transgression of our first

shall also and thistles "Thorns it Improvement parents,tion. Hiswhopoweryieldedhas tobeenhis exercisedtemptashalt to thee; forth bring and thou

eat the herb of the field; ERA from the beginning to thwart the purof the Almighty.

of shalt thou thy face the sweat "In exercised all of his subtle wiles EEPRINT poseHe..."(Ibid., 3:1719.) eat bread,

Thorns and thistles, noxious weeds to delude and lead away the Reand plants are the spontaneous deemer, that he might nullify the products of the earth. Generally great mission which Jesus came to

speaking they produce no fruit to perform. With the ushering in of the

present gospel dispensation his power *From The Improvement Era, 26:983ff (September

1923) {Continued on page 750) OCTOBER 1957 725 **# & mm.—Photos by Religious News Service

Part VII To Be a KING by Hugh J. Cannon

A FORMER EDITOR OF THE ERA

SYNOPSIS "I have,"said Zebulon, who with poverty and associates with the downDavid, a descendant Hyrcanus, of John of the others some nearer. of had drawn the trodden of earth; in place but

the founder of the Jewish monarchy, is a seen "I have and spoken will to him in this and meekness yet you beholdpretender to the throne held now by Herod

Antipas. Events have progressed until David fail to see anything remarkable in his maligned one the glory and power of

feels that the throne his is within grasp. appearance. He is a quietvoiced the promised Messiah."

isBut there affecting a cloud David's happiness. He is following a Nazarene carpenter hypocrite who is not even clever in "So we have a prophet among us!"

he believes to the be hiswhom promised claims, but Meswins effollowers by who Zebulon. exclaimed no He made

siah. His closest associates, including the his piety assumed fort meekness."and to conceal his exultation in thegirl see Ruth, this nothing in Teacher.

"That quiet voice is destined to fact that David was not faring well in

David persisted, "Have you ever reverberate throughout the world,"popular opinion, and, emboldened by seen this carpenter of Nazareth, replied David in a voice which comthe security which this situation imwhom you call by these harsh manded attention. "For reasons unparted, he shouted maliciously:

names?"known to us, this man appears in "All hail to our new prophet!"

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA David arose and prepared to leave. an apology for avenging a flagrant

"As to my position, gentlemen, I insult such as has been offered me

Eastern tongue of the Red Sea, in the shall make it clear to anyone of you would not have been expected. Now

land of Edom. who cares for information. And conditions have changed, and I must

though myself woefully ignorant, I and do apologize, not for chastising "I might have expected insults from am willing to explain, as far as my this wretch, but for doing it in anger you, Zebulon,"said David with supability goes, the pretensions of the and in your presence. That no empressed anger. "Gentlemen, I lay no man whom we have discussed; but barrassment may come to you because

claim to prophetic gifts and had no Zebulon seems bent on quarreling of my act, I shall, of course, resign thoughts of saying what I did, though with me, and it is useless to bandy from my position."

every word of it is true. This man words with him.""My boy,"interrupted the diswhom you revile is the promised "David admits he is a believer in mayed Elihu, "abjure this dreadful

Messiah, the Son of God, come to save this low impostor,"said a member of belief before it is too late, for my sake, the world! With all my soul I bear the group, "and that makes him defor Ruth's, for the sake of the honwitness to his divinity. On that point serving of no sympathy."ored name you bear and the position

there is no uncertainty in my mind.""Yes, David merits a severe rebuke. you hold. Do you not see where it

"Are you deranged, David?"asked Think of an intelligent man asserting is leading you?"

the shocked Elihu. "Have you really that this carpenter is the promised David winced. The appeal cut into

become a follower of this man?"Messiah! One who makes such a his heart. This loyal and affectionate

"I have not, and on that point I statement is either playing a part or old man had no thought except to am still groping for light. While raving,"said another, and this sentishield him from disaster.

recognizing the divinity in him, I am ment met with marked approval. "Father Elihu, do not make it

still too blind to see clearly my own Zebulon needed but this much enharder for me than it now is by your duty."couragement to throw him into a appeals, which touch the tenderest

"Are your faculties then so much fury. He approached David and part of my being. You know how

more acute than ours?"persisted fairly screamed: "I will trample you dearly I have loved those in whose

Zebulon. "There are several of us into the dust; I will wipe my feet upon names you supplicate me, how much

who have seen this fellow, who saw you; yes, and I will yet spit upon you! my position has meant, and how I

fill it creditably."him when you were kneeling at his It is my turn now to prophesy: You have endeavored to

feet, and we hesitate not in prowill lose your good name, your posi- "Yes, I know all that."

nouncing him a base impostor."tion, and will belong to the unclean "Then you can measurably compre-

"That is one of the insoluble rabble. Ruth will turn from you, hend the nature of the force which

mysteries of the man,"David replied. and I shall win her, and then after impels me to relinquish these honors.

"I: have not been able to explain it this fraudulent Messiah has robbed Do you think, Father Elihu, and you,

to my own satisfaction and could not you of your wealth, I will not permit gentlemen, that I can, without a strughope to do so to yours. On one ocher even to throw you a crust when gle, leave you and my honored place

casion two brothers, externally almost you come as a beggar to our door."among you to cast my lot, if I decide

identical, listened to his parables. I The mention of Ruth by this man to go so far, with an uncultured

was too much for the overwrought crowd of fishermen? Let me assure

David. He struck his adversary full you it has been a terrible conflict and

in the face with all his strength, and one which I have even yet not wholly

Zebulon fell with a crash. Several conquered."

of those present assisted him to his feet while others started toward "Then why do it?"asked Elihu.

David, but his look restrained them. "Because, and I feel the utmost

He would have fought the whole solemnity in saying it, God has comworld at the moment either with his muned with my soul—not audibly,

hands or by word, and all present one could scarcely say his whispered told me The Jordan River knew it, though he did not open his assurance was distinct—and

lips. that this maligned Nazarene is Jesus

From a safe distance Zebulon, as the Christ, his Begotten Son."

met them as they were leaving his soon as he could get his breath, utThe listeners were awed by the presence and since have conversed tered frightful oaths, and shaking with power accompanying his declaration.

length. atwith them would One rage, fear screamed: impotent and The old man broke the silence. life, all possesses, forgive he even for this!"I will dog, kill you "You

the Nazarene. The other would take "No, Zebulon, you have neither "You say it has required a struggle

from the Nazarene all he possesses strength nor courage enough to kill to relinquish your friends and posirelinquish life his them? even if he then whyand I tion; We certain perhaps point me. Up to a dared—passionfor are willing your in heart, you to retainate love intolerant hate one insults the hurl at can endure you

in the other, awakened by listening me personally, but do not let me hear place among us, are we not, gentleto the same words. Thus strangely you corrupt that pure girl's name with men? You can believe as you please,

does this singular man affect people."your impure lips or I shall not answer but be more circumspect in your con-

"The reason for that is simple,"for the consequences."duct and utterances. We are your

interjected Zebulon. "Fortunately for Turning sadly to the other officials, friends and love you. We desire you

the world, all men are not fools."he said, "Gentlemen, not long since (Continued on page 738)

OCTOBER 1957 727 FOLLOWING THE PIONEER TRAIL

by William B. Smart

OF THE DESERET NEWS STAFF AND YMMIA GENERAL BOARD MEMBER

Over the rocky sidehills, brushcame the wagons, handcarts, and pack dreaded crossing of the Wasatch.

choked streams, and steep, trains of the men and women who Here was the baiting of a deathtrap timbered passes struggled the built the West—the Pony Express to some, the culmination of long

Dormer Party in 1846 on its way riders, ruffians, gold seekers, Johndreaming, incredible effort, and unground—withto stark tragedy.one dramaticOver theexceptionsame ston'sful menArmy,and andwomenespeciallycalled theto gatherfaithshakabletoday, it isfaiththe sceneto others.of a recommittalTo many

that meant the difference between life in Zion. to old ideals that are more important

and death—followed Brigham Young You can drive where these men than ever in these times.

and the Mormon pioneers of 1847. walked—over the thirtysix-mile last Land has a way of keeping its

Over it for the next twenty years leg of the old Mormon Trail, the character. Close your eyes to the

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA road just behind you and the jet return and show them a new route cerned; only a few wagons having passed

grass ago, year a having and theplane high overhead and the trail through the mountains. here

I foltrace. scarcely leaving up, a grown

is still there, just about as the PioThey did send ahead. In an exlowed this trail about 6 miles up a ravine

neers carved it. Listen back a hunhausting twoday ride, James Reed to where it attained the dividing ridge leaddred years to the creaking of wagon and two companions caught up with ing down into another ravine, in a south-

... We concluded to sendwheels, the hoarse cries of the teamHastings near what is now Tooele. erly direction.

Mr. [Porter] Rockwell back, to report to the

sters, the lowing of cattle, and history Together, Hastings and Reed rode other portion of the pioneers that we had is all around you. back up to the summit of Big Mounfound the new route which we had anticifind. How did it start? How did a piotain. And there, Hastings pointed pated would be troublesome to

neer trail happen to be hacked out the canyons and passes of what through such unlikely country in the became the Pioneer Trail. The present road follows the origfirst place? An easy afternoon will The die was cast. The sixteen days inal trail closely. It's an easy grade,

help you who live in or visit Salt the Donner Party spent struggling giving no hint of the difficulties miles thirtysix a half miles cost the ahead. Three those from and

to City hour to HeneoverLake know—an eightyseven Henefer lives of Tree half the Lone Camp, was the almost finefer over through highways Weber

Canyon or by way of Echo Junction, men, women, and children when the first campsite after leaving the then maybe two hours of browsing in snow trapped them later in the Weber. Here, in what is now a grove

history on the trail itself. The road Sierras. of trees, the advance party built a

across bridge the small the stream real rude at so here Henefer And is perfectly graded and safe—except of benefit for others to follow. the of began. crossing the Here Wasatch lastin the is paved wet weather—and in his fascinating the later, Clayton 16, 1847, William year Mor- a July

trip. ofhalf the some Monuments,

fifteen of them, being erected by LDS

Explorers at important historical Explorer Scouts in front of This Is the Place monument after they sites along the trail will help tell had walked and pushed handcart 36 miles from Henefer over old

Left Johnson, Calvin Waters, leader, to right: Kimthe story. Pioneer Trail.

Greenwell, Pharol Beasley. and Bob

Until the summer of 1846, emigrants to California followed the

Oregon Trail to Fort Bridger, then swung northwest to Fort Hall, later southwest in a great arc to the Humboldt River in Nevada, afterward west across Nevada, over the Sierras and into the Sacramento Valley. The

route entirely avoided the forbidding

Wasatch and the Great Salt Lake

Desert.

In 1846 a colorful, controversial character named Lansford Hastings came by horseback from Sacramento straight across the salt flats, around the south end of Great Salt Lake, up over Big Mountain to the site of the present Henefer, and on east to

Fort Bridger. He was a man of more

enthusiasm than common sense. He

forgot, or overlooked, the fact that where a horse can go a wagon cannot necessarily follow. But he was persuasive. His success in talking a

number of parties into leaving the old Oregon Trail at Fort Bridger and following the "Hastings Cutoff"through Salt Lake Valley led to the unparalleled horror of the Donner mon Pioneers found the place where Latterday Saints Emigrants'Guide

Party. But it also cut the first wagon the Donner Party had started on the from Council Bluffs to the Valley of

tracks through the Wasatch. new trail. Orson Pratt's journal rethe Great Salt Lake says of this spot,

Those tracks followed down the cords how the discovery was made: "Not a bad place to camp."You will

his quarrel not judgment. with of Henefer. to the site RiverWeber

PartyThere, the Donner a half miles and more up the found a or. two.. Mr.others,[Stephen]had goneMarkham,up the withriver oneon Two

note left in the sagebrush by Hastings, the right bank in search of Reid's [Donner] ravine is the summit of Hogsback

... to go trail trying against across mountains. thewarning Mr. them [John] Ridge. the the Donners, MorHere

I also travelling search, in and went Brown Devil's lower thethrough on Gate all of those and who mon Pioneers, bluffs along the south. the soon on We If they send aheadWeber. would motorist, today's including trail, struck the seen followed, so although dimly

for him, Hastings wrote, he would that it only now and then could be dis- {Continued on page 746)

OCTOBER 1957 729 LeadershipDevelopment

"D"THE FORMULA FOR SUCCESS

by Elder Sterling W. Sill

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

still If available. of are that Is a matter suppose of success and they youryou you rate NowMost

self factor, these great Science a following a formula. to be yourself giving orator, do is want in each a

merely a collection of success sixteen things. score between zero and 10; for examprescriptions. Good businessmen also Success is just that simple. If you ple, suppose that last year you rated

have definite standards and rules to do sixteen (or six) other things, you 3 in each item. Three multiplied six

direct them to accomplishment. A will be a great farmer, or a great times gives you a total score of 729.

good cook works from a book of teacher, or a great church worker. It Then suppose that this year you inrecipes. If she follows the directions is as easy as that. If you follow the crease your effectiveness 33 ]/3 percent

on page three, she gets one kind of formula, you can't miss. to a total of 4. Multiply your 4's, and

cake. When she goes by the formula In ordinary situations we "multiyou find an amazing thing. While

on page four, she gets a different kind ply the dimensions"to get the total you have increased each of the dimenof cake. Success in church work or volume. That is also a good way to sions by only 33!/3 percent, the total

in any other field may be brought measure our effectiveness in the work has been increased over 500 percent;

about by following a "recipe"or of the Lord. Following is the "P"that is, if you make your personality

"prescription."Formula for Success in church work. more effective, it automatically increases the quality of your presentaWhen one has a great responsiJust multiply together your personal tion, personal work, preparation, and

bility, it is a very helpful thing to score under each "P"and you can planning. It is the same with each

have the guidance of a tested and determine the value of your total of the other items. Now what is your

proven formula for success; for exaccomplishment. goal to be for next year? Write it in

ample, after Alexander the Great had the space provided below.

finished conquering the world, he PxPxPxPxPxP = PP We should be certain that none of wanted to become an orator like his these important ingredients are missteacher, Aristotle. Accordingly, ArisPlanning x Preparation x Personal ing, for "success"in or out of church

totle wrote out for him the Laws of Work x Persistence x Presentation x work is not like a cafeteria where you

Oratory. They are sixteen in number, Personality = Perfect Performance take what you please and leave what

I

PreparaPersonal PersistPresenta-

Pismning x tion X Work X ence X tion X Personality = Score

Last Year 3 3 3 3 3 3 = 729

This Year 4 4 4 4 4 4 = 4,096

Your Goal 730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you don't want. In church success, Each member of the group makes his hours of preparation for each hour of

you don't say, I will take the welfare contribution to the whole, and everyclass work. If a person can prepare

program and temple marriage, but I one's ideas are tested by the group. in five minutes, he may find that his

won't take repentance, ward teaching, Here are some sample questions for accomplishment is in proportion.

or Sacrament meeting. Success is like consideration: How can quorum

baseball. You must touch all of the meetings be made more effective? Ill Personal Work

bases or nothing counts. If you leave What was wrong with the previous

out "planning,"for example, you are meeting? Why is our record of acOne of the most valuable secrets of

like the baseball player who doesn't tivity low, and what can be done success in church work, the one thing touch first base. Even when you die about it? What "outside"work that can be done that will help more

on third, nothing is counted. See should be done during the week? How than almost any other single thing,

for yourself how it works in the can the quorum members be helped is sufficient, effective, personal, indiformula when you have a zero under individually? A part of an idea given vidual work with those for whom we

heading. get a scoreone Suppose you of expression by one member responsibility. greatest the have The

of "4"except in everything your be improved by presidency may numleader gets the most is the one who presentation. The arithmetic is as ber two and matured by number three. and the best work done, and many

follows: Then it can be put in force by the of the most important problems can

4x4= 16x4 = 64 x4: 256x0 unit.All success must depend on planonlyvidualbeface-tofacesolved on basis.a personal,If you wantindi0x4 = ning. "Planning is where man shows to get a bucket of milk into a dozen

himself most like God."The church milk bottles, the best way to accomOften someone is discussed for an leader who knows, or will take the plishment is not to throw the bucket

important position in the Church who time to learn, how to plan and organat all of the bottles. You will achas many wonderful traits but is ize his work effectively, has a big complish the job more quickly and

short in some necessary qualities head start toward his objective—sucsatisfactorily if you fill each one inwhich may totally disqualify him; cess. dividually. That is also the most

that is, he doesn't "prepare,"or he effective way to do church work.

isn't organized, or he won't do his II Preparation One of the most worthwhile abiliplanning. He is a good man hut. ties in the world is to be an expert

It is the huts that get us into trouble. Abraham Lincoln said, "I will prein this work of individual, personal

We can't improve our circumstances pare now and take my chances when contact. This also requires effort.

until we improve ourselves. the opportunity arrives."Preparation "There is no excellence without

Suppose we consider these ingrefor effective church work should be a labor."Thomas A. Edison's success

dients of success one at a time. combination of mental preparation, formula of ninetynine percent perphysical preparation, spiritual prepaspiration and one percent inspiration

I Planning ration, and emotional preparation. is still right upto-date. Someone said

The first proposition of preparation is you can't be "inspiring"without "perThe highest paid man in the army that everything worth while is bought spiring."Perspiration is another

is the planner. The architect lays by labor. There must be industry helpful "P"that we should put into

out on paper every detail of his buildand study and drill before we get full our program. Next to our belief in

ing before any work is started. The possession of success. God should be our belief in work.

First Presidency and the Quorum of Many people are just not ready for the Twelve spend much of their time success. They are not prepared for IV Persiste nce

planning. No stake presidency or success. They have not earned sucbishopric will ever get very far withcess. They must be willing to pay Many people are licked before they

out regular, welldirected planning the price of success. The personality start because they lack stickto-itmeetings. And yet we often have a needs an emotional generator to set iveness. They won't pay the price

failure among otherwise good men beindustry going. People need to develof success. They lose interest quickly.

cause an elders quorum presidency, or op a mental hunger for success. They When their first enterprises miscarry,

an auxiliary head, or a deacons quoneed to get excited about success. they lose heart and quit. People who

rum presidency has never learned how Emotional preparation is the torch lack persistence tire easily. They are

to plan and organize and coordinate applied to the train of powder that unable to supply their own motivatheir ideas and their efforts. gets the thing started. tion. Such are always starting and

Suppose that I am a deacons quoThere also must be a spiritual stopping without finishing what is rum adviser, and I have the deacons preparation. It takes an inspired man started. It is easy to become a spiritquorum presidency to a meeting in my to get thew best from an inspired book. ual ne'erdo-well who is always

home on Thursday night (when my There must be an inspired teacher jumping from one thing to another wife makes lemonade) while we learn if you would have inspired students. without taking time to do anything

how to "plan."That is, we make up Uninspired students don't get what well. It takes six times as much

a written agendum for next week's they should from church because energy to get a flywheel started as it meeting, so that the president can they haven't anything to get it in. does to keep it going once momentum

conduct the quorum's affairs with conFor every event and every accomplishhas been established. It is the same

fidence, effectiveness, and dignity. We ment, there must be adequate prepawith our success. The one with percan learn how to think our problems ration of officers, teachers, and stusistence is the one who achieves.

through and get the right answer. dents. One great teacher spends eight (Concluded on page 734)

OCTOBER 1957 731 is wellexecuted and wellwritten as well as being definitive. It is the kind of

source book that should form the basis of the literature that will one day be On the Bookrack written about these earlyday settlers who carried the Church to the remote corners of the western lands.—M. C. /.THE EVERLASTING THINGS THE HEART OF TIMPANOGOS

(Richard L. Evans. Harper & Bros., New (Edward R. Tuttle, 231 East 8th South,

York. 1957. 255 pages. $3.00.) Salt Lake City, Utah. 1957. 45 pages.

The calm, the peace, the courage that $1.00.) TRAVELER IN THE WILDERNESS

have permeated Spoken "The Word"overover for "well Radio CBS a Thewrittenlegendin verseof Timpanogosby the authorhaswhosebeen New(Cid York.Ricketts1957.Sumner.248 pages.Harper$3.50.)& Bros.,

of find century,"quarter a permanence for things love be and Utah Utahn may line cover, the quoted on the With thisin eloquiet the book. but Even fact that surmised helped the from he

is "sixtyfour right for the adage voice of thequent echoes commentator charter a organize and became member is venture,"into the reader the plunged this ofin collection his morning Sunday of of Salt the Chapter, League Lake activities of this writer whose woman—a isbroadcasts. seventh the This volume faithfully served Writers. has Utah He the book became of Time Out Tammyin series of L. everpopular Richard an officer of Salt as well the both and an film the success, current and TammyEvan's pertinent penetrating oband of state the organizaLake and Chapter Bachelor. be naive Cid was That may lifeservations facets of the on and tion, consists five of chapters which now fact that she the gleaned from was when living. is state of president. he which now if like she the to see asked Dinowould this In secprovocative such volume publication, previous in addition His responded, saur National Monument, astions following the challenge each to that contributions aphave many Is national really there a "What? to better of hisreader evaluation own is in of periodicals, peared poetry a book naive Shore?"to But Dinah monumentphilosophy: to Family, a Belonging On titled Fiddlestrings.

river successful a as she she was became ParentsAs to Children and ComCome beautifully book, This published, set seven who men runner—mothering to Ground, Carry Courage Themon should a book. make welcome at in River, rubber boats out Green Responsibility, of Gospel Work, The

/. C. at Canyon, Marble ended Wyoming,—M.gift Searching Decisions,Youth and Some

Arizona, in between. covering Utah A to Happiness, Turn On GettingWe ELIZABETH it affords satisfying delightful, book,along with People, to the An Approach

Publishing (Frances Winwar. World good armchair adventure.—M. C. /. Problem, Popularity Pride—and 1957. 249 pages. Company, New York. Principle, about Freedom?, What—andSafety $3.00.) TravelingThe Swift Problems, of Time,

Sorrows, and Decisions, Homecoming This biography of Elizabeth Barrett THE EDGE OF APRIL for the whole Human Family, Light and Browning for young folk from twelve (A Biography of John Burroughs. HildeLearning—and the Everlasting Things, years up will find many adult readers gard Swift. Wm. Morrow & Co., New

Special Days. interested in it. Frances Winwar is one York. 1957. 316 pages. $3.95.)

of our talented more This that book find is one a should biographers—both for primarily is written biography This for adults for as as well people. in place youngwelcome every library—for folk, older will readers but young Adults Elizabeth will enjoy tostimulation wish who as and well encouragement

it too. find Burenjoyable most John read the biography Lovers as Immortal for challenging The C. /. thought.—M. first naturalist water, of roughs, the a

to their of add Robert knowledge—to to deserves than widely be more known Elizabeth this Into Browning. andFAMILY COURAGEOUS

is. states, as a the author young As he the biography author the has Fisher. (Louise Larsen woven Deseret Book

"noticing a lad Burroughs was John love of story tender ElizaRobert Salt and City,Company, 1957 Lake Utah.

159 pages. $2.00.) beth as well as an unusual introduction child."As he grew, his eyes saw more

of the nature and about him and more Italian the countryside they this where story delightful, of toRefreshingly of lived area in those the about who life. so their of spent married much From the pioneering of the Basin Uintah to his serves the book But home. make

it this will to easy volume span be an the affords Larsensby readpleasant its to alert all of readers the namore of encourage the reading the poetry foring of family. the all members ture they about may them—wherever these truly gifted two C. J. Larsen, C.C. himself to a the convert people.—M.of or be. live that nature whatever may

Church from Denmark, experimented in many kinds of activity—together with THE RED HILLS OF NOVEMBER wovenInto thesomethingstory ofof Johnthe storiesBurroughsof twois his "threein-one"family who numbered

seventeen. Their ventures took them (Andrew Karl Larson. Deseret News other men: Walt Whitman and Presiinto the basin shortly after the United Press, Salt Lake City. 1957. 330 pages. dent Abraham Lincoln. Added to the

States government had released some of $5.00.) (Concluded on page 734)

title of this book dethe land from the Indian reservation. The delightful

The Larsens pioneered in this new rives from a poem written by George area, and the experiences they had were A. Hicks, in 1864, and is indicative of

rare and amusing. The book proves the delight in store for the reader. The

challenging reading as well—for each author states that for fifteen years he

child in this large family was wanted has been studying and gathering material and needed in order to "wax"strong in for this volume. The results justify the

God's kingdom.—M. C. /. long painstaking research, for the book

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Try it today! Discover why we say

fit Performance 7%*f Counts?

Claims never made one gasoline better than another. The way

to tell the difference is at the wheel of your car. That's

why we want you to Test Drive Phillips 66 FliteFuel.

Not only new cars but older cars, too, will benefit from this high performance gasoline. You get the advantages of

advanced high octane... and FliteFuel is blended

for easy starting and smooth performance in your climate at every season of the year. Today, fill up at your Phillips

66 Dealer's, and bring out the best in your car!

Phillips Petroleum Company OCTOBER 1957 733 The "P"Formula (Concluded from page 731) A woman, after admiring the music self. Mix them together in the right

Effectiveness is usually not acquired of a great violinist, said, "I would give combinations and proportions and overnight. The great British prime half my life to be able to play like you have what someone has called

minister Disraeli described genius as that."He replied, "Madam, that is "a magnificent human being."

"the power to make continuous efexactly what I have given."And that The human personality is the infort."That almost guarantees sucis exactly what everyone must give. strument through which all of the

cess singlehanded. Calvin Coolidge Nothing is more common than somework of the Church is done. It insaid: "Nothing in the world can take one who wants to give half of his life fluences and determines every other

the place of persistence. Talent will to become a great violinist, but who thing. Personality is what we are.

not; nothing is more common than won't take a violin lesson. Skill is It determines our power and acunsuccessful men with talent. Genius not something that comes merely by complishment. Suppose that we were

will not; unrewarded genius is almost wishing or by asking God to give it "personality chemists"and could

a proverb. Education will not; the to us, without effort. Sometimes we analyze great leaders in the test tube

world is full of educated derelicts. imagine we are praying when we are or look at them under a microscope

Persistence and determination alone only begging. We must learn to play and find out what makes them effecare omnipotent."the game according to the rule that tive. Pick out the success qualities

God has established, and one who in the life of Jesus. If we can identify

V Presentation wishes to be a great artist of speech greatness we can reproduce it in our presentation his memoramust make lives. own

drill. largely Skills from come A excuse will alive. not ble and God of of the heard ABC's have We or a speaker or great a actorgreat untruth lazy by the incompetence our is a postgraduate success. Here is perfectconstantlygreat musician qualified."of, "I not am letter a of P's. course "P"is The drill study his and presentationing by

It letter. stands only not wonderful praccorrection more then andand VI Personality it for also for priesthood, stands but to tice. important as be Isn't it just

effective in our efforts to save the It has been said that in nature perfection and power and purity and souls of the children of our Father in there are 102 elements. There are prayer and punctuality. These are

heaven? Then we must learn to make hydrogen, carbon, iron, oxygen, and attributes of God himself with which

an interesting presentation of our others. These are nature's building he has also endowed us. These,

ideas. We not only need a mastery blocks. Out of these, in the right multiplied together, give us success.

of ideas and a knowledge of the gospel, combinations and proportions, nature All great words do not begin with but we also need a mastery of the may fashion any of the material "P."LUCK is a great word which

techniques of an effective presentathings of the world. In human perdoes not begin with "P,"but notice

tion. We need enrichment material. sonality there are 51 elements. There how it is improved if you add a "P"

We need proper content and seare kindness, friendliness, faith, courto it. It now becomes PLUCK.

quence and logic and reason and perage, industry, humility, determination, The three R's are wonderful, but suasion to make the presentation enthusiasm, understanding, spiritualthe six P's will guarantee our leadereffective. This only comes by drill, ity, devotion, dependability, love, etc. ship; so watch your P's, and you

practice, rehearsal, and study. These are the attributes of God himcannot miss.

On the Bookrack

(Concluded from page 732) may feel that they do not want to read continue in their study of the Bible in interest engendered by John Burroughs, such a book, they will find additional this unusual and challenging volume.

the lives of these two other great men enlightenment and encouragement to—M. C. J.

enhance that interest through their integration with his life.—M. C. /. HOME WORK

HOW TO READ THE BIBLE Grimes,(ThelmaInc.Brown63 pages.Ireland.$2.50.)Chapman &

(Richard Hall, Eugene P. Beitler, in association with Dr. Francis Carr Stifler. Readers of the Era will be pleased to

Lippincott, New York. 1957. 255 pages. note that a frequent contributor and

$2.95.) a popular poet has this handy volume of

clever poetry available. One of her

A enoughbook thatthatwilltheyimpresswill turnits readersto the poemsapproach.will Titledindicate"Joy,"the freshnessit reads: of her

Bible as a book that deserves to be put into their hands. This volume is that You'll find there is nothing

kind of book because it sends the readers That's quite as much fun back to the Bible itself to learn from As when one is darning the Book of Books the great messages and To find a sock done.

the stirring biographies of those who followed the teachings found therein. We recommend this for a tonic to be

Although many readers of the Bible taken daily in generous doses.—M. C. /.

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Most Mountain West families agree on these top shows families Do agree on KSLTV on KSLTV SUNDAY NIGHT THEATRE Sundays at 9:30 p.m.

TERRY AND THE PIRATES Channel 5 is way ahead! Saturdays at 9 a.m.

All because of the growing HARBOR COMMAND

Tuesdays at 9:30 p.m.

habit ofMountain West PERSON TO PERSON

Fridays at 8:30 p.m. families... taking 5 for

PLAYHOUSE 90 their family TV viewing! Thursdays at 6:30 p.m.

PREMIERE PERFORMANCE Saturdays at 10:30 p.m.

HAVE GUN, WILL TRAVEL Saturdays at 7:30 p.m.

channel WednesdaysINSIDE FOOTBALLat 6:30 p.m.

DANNY THOMAS Mondays at 7 p.m.

OCTOBER 1957 735 What Basketball Means To Me

(Continued from page 723) IJad i not been participating in this activity, teachings of the LDS doctrine. I have also

offered to young people. It has been said my entertainment would have been gained much for my selfimprovement and

that idle hands and an idle mind are the found in a pool hall or at a party conhave been challenged to go further yet, as devil's workmen and workshop. This is ducted without any thought or respect for there is no end.

where the Church and basketball come in. God. This I knew was wrong, but until Ken Mitchell

A few years back our ward erected a nice basketball season this was my activity. Glendale, Calif.

recreational center where we can go and I have enjoyed very much learning the (Nonmember) play ball almost anytime. Everyone in

Aurora enjoys basketball, and everyone has a good time at the gym. This I think adds

a lot because it gives us a place to enjoy I ourselves and at the same time keeps us out of mischief.

Competition in the high school is rough, and many are turned away from the team. Richard L. Evans

attend SevierThree towns High, North and to which, a subject today for want of comes There mind areten allowed the school high on men -*- better called of rearranging the habit words, be might Inteam. the three five there are towns

wards, so with ten on each team, fifty more that is, rearranging without really resolving—such as papers

boys can compete and enjoy basketball on our desks, clutter in our cupboards and closets, and probotherwisewhich not be available would if lems on our minds that we turn over and over again without it wasn't for the its athletic and Church program. I actually settling or disposing of, or coming to any acceptable

It has, to me, meant even more than just I conclusion. It isn't enough simply to shift papers, or to move

playing basketball. It has made me more things, or to handle them, or to dust them off, or repeatedly

active in the doing Church, and by It isn't inconclusively problems. the to review same so and

has increased spiritual knowledge which my settle; pile. the simply to rearrange has to enough Someonewill life. a great play part later in my

I would like to thank everyone who has someone has to dispose of; someone has to decide something

made this tournament possible. sometime, to bring things to some kind of satisfactory con-

isn't clusion. at in relooking virtue merely There much Durfee Verr Don I (or, that to decide Sometime have answer them we Aurora, Utah

isn't in 7 letters.they virtue need simply There no answer). much

EXCERPTS rearranging debts. Sometime we have to pay them. There

After participating in every competitive isn't much virtue in the overlong repeating and postponing sport offered in high school and playing of problems. Sometime we have to solve them. Almost anycollegiate football for four years, it was one can half do things. Almost anyone can bring an asnecessary for me to become a part of the signment back partly finished, partly fulfilled, partly followed

of spiritualizedChurch program recreation through. But one of the marks of the executive is the ability

before I learned the true value of sportsmanship. to decide. One of the obligations of free men is the willingThe wonderful feeling that comes in that ness to decide. One of the qualities of effective people is the

of prayer the beforemoment begins game of to course, courage standards the judgand decide—with,

felt in neverwas activity sports the of high to situations, certain to to see with ment do what know andschool college. and to opportunity The 1

to satisfactory things a conclusion. find through And if weparticipate with teammates the have who I shifting set of the papers a person ideals same desk on his respect monthsame of things and equal of

a spiritual as well as physical nature has after month, or with the same set of unsolved problems in made the participation in all recreation a i his mind, inconclusively turning them over day after day, or thing of real worth. Cm night after night, we may know that he is letting a lot of

Kent E. Myers life waste away. (It is somewhat like listening to someone

Cedar City, Utah I give the same account of the same occurrence time after time.

TThe true value of the program comes Orn Well may we listen once, but not too willingly to a repetitious when a player learns to control his 2 retelling too many times.) We have to get things done; we

emotions under such disagreeable condiCm have to get them finished and behind us, in order to go on I tions as gets ribs his in he when an elbow effectively to to the next problem, the next project. EmerIor the referee call. a bad makes When the subject son summarized for us paid somewhat when he a 1Cmplayer to his can I go up opponent conand

start andgratulate him for playing a good game, and I his respects to the "finishers"in life—to those who

be sincere about it, he has gained someCm go and see things through.'Surely the Lord God who gave

thing of value. us life didn't intend that we should live it like the winds

Kerry Gee I that shift leaves and litter back and forth, aimlessly reSugar City, Idaho arranging the piles from place to place. One of the great

At one time we had two fellows playing qualities of character is the ability, the willingness, the purthat were not members of the Church. pose, to see things through.

They attended our meetings and found something in our Church they had been Jke Spoki l/l/0rd FROM TEMPLE SQUARE for.looking Both are holdnow, members PRESENTED OVER KSL THE COLUMBIA AND

priesthooding the posiholding and high BROADCASTING %js 28, 1957 SYSTEM, JULY tions in the ward. Copyright 1957 g

iRalph Waldo Emerson, Worship.

Pvt. George A. McKellar

Fort Lewis, Wash.

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TVTo place else have I found where the lesson is taught so well that "fair"is not good enough and "ordinary"will not do.

It is the mind which will be satisfied with nothing but the best, and which will have nothing to do with anything less than excellence, which achieves that which is worth while. This attitude is fostered in the M Men

program.

Glen A. Shumway

Blanding, Utah

"Feed My Sheep"(Concluded from page 712)

Ceremony. In order to be eligible

for these honors, sixty percent of the class must receive Individual Awards in a year's time, June 1st to May 31st.

A s avenuesbefore mentionedof approachtheretoarea manygirl's heart and soul, and the Girls'Program is faced with the responsibility of finding and following them to attain ever greater reactivation.

For active girls the program remains the constant companion, guiding them Yes, you get that big 4Vi% interest on all your always, keeping them steadfast. money, and there is no limit put on the size of your

their Individual Girls receive may account. Funds received even on the last day of the

for attended 26 SacrahavingAwards ment meetings in a year, plus 36 month earn a full month's interest.

Sunday Schools and 36 Mutuals. * Resources over 4 millions, reserves far in excess ofThey also may receive their respective class awards, Honor Bees, Mia legal requirements.

Joys, Silver Gleaners. * Unbroken record of interest payments since 1926.

Reports from the MIA offices show that missions and stakes indicate a * Four convenient locations.

rapid increase in the number of girls * Funds placed by last day reactivated, that everywhere within earn from 1st of each month. the Church the program is moving

ahead, accomplishing its purpose. * Legal for Corporate Funds.

SUNSET, PUGET SOUND Hie By Elaine V. Emans

f asked how long you thought the white gulls wheeling About the ship would follow us, their blueLOCKHART

Gray mantles blending with the twilight stealing Co.

side, every solemnly and you on Up ii.. I i I -1-- I --

so sat miLMiir t dark. Said only until we And

And tried to find a new name for the lus- 4 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS trous Soft tinting of the sky, deciding that MAIN AT EXCHANGE

No color word we knew quite did it justice. MAIN at 21st SOUTH

—In Ogden—

We looked one way and saw the snowy 2651 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD thatched

Old mountains pass in silvergray slow mo-—In Kearns—ESTABLISHED in 1926 tionKEARNS SHOPPING CENTER

We gazed the other way into unmatched

Beauty of starlight on a quiet ocean,

And were so steeped in peace, just sitting there, SUPERVISED BY STATE OF UTAH BANKING DEPARTMENT

The gulls took leave without our being aware.

OCTOBER 1957 737 To Be A King

(Continued from page 727) clearthinking men have talked to this "How contemptible!"David's anger

to remain with us. Is that true, stranger and have not been impressed was at white heat.

gentlemen?"by what they saw.""Have you ever seen Ruth angry?

A timorous note of approval was "Many times I have put your quesThe blood of queens is in her veins;

drowned in David's vigorous dissent. tion to myself but stand helpless beand Zebulon's tone, so unfamiliar and

"You see, I understand my position fore it. Perhaps the answer is to be insulting, started a conflagration withfar better than you do,"said David. found in the motive behind their in her.

"Henceforth my place among you is going to him. I went believing he "At that instant I came upon them,

vacant."could give me helpful advice. My quite unexpectedly to me, and could

"What can I do for you, my boy?"opinion is that very few others have not help hearing her scathing rebuke.

"Nothing at present; perhaps later gone with the same spirit."She asked Zebulon what it was he

you may. And now, gentlemen, "David, I must urge you to conoffered her—marriage with the most

goodbye."sider the tragic consequences which debased creature it had ever been her

Most of those present stood aloof, are sure to arise in your present ill fortune to meet—and to share the

frigid and haughty. Haran shook course. Think of bringing dishonor worst thing his vindictive mind could

hands and wished David well, and upon the name made so honorable by hope for would be paradise compared there were tears in his eyes as he did your forefathers; think also of losing to association with him. She could

so. Elihu, overwhelmed, hung upon your fortune and Ruth."think of nothing more despicable than

his neck. Elihu joined his young friend in a one who would accept as a wife the

"My son, though I believe you in moody and silent march up and girl who had sold herself to him for grievous error, remember there is one down the room. the safety of the man she really loved.

who loves you well. No matter what "I do think of my parents and of With all her gentle refinement, Ruth

foolish thing you may do, your place Ruth,"David responded at length. is a lioness when aroused, and

in his heart will remain secure.""I have thought of almost nothing Zebulon slunk out of her presence as

David's soul was steeled against else since this situation arose. Tell if he had been whipped.

harsh words. He broke down under me about Ruth. I long to hear of "With Zebulon gone, the spirit of

kindness. He stumbled from the her."her queenly ancestors deserted Ruth,

room to hide the blinding tears which "To aggravate her other troubles, and she became a weak and weeping could not be controlled. Zebulon is besieging her constantly. woman. And it was a long time beAt least he has been, though I think fore she was composed enough to

TJPTithin a few days after his turbushe has at last terminated their ask what she should do.

I have never had a daugh- "lent meeting with Ruth, David friendship. When his patience be- "Since

received a visit from Elihu. Even in came exhausted after her statement ter,"Elihu continued, "it was no

the brief time which had elapsed since that she could give him nothing but easy task to offer consolation, and as their last meeting the old man had friendship, he then answered angrily for advice, what could I say? My

aged perceptibly, and David's heart that she could keep friendship for desire, of course, would be that she of the disappointsmote him when he realized the sorthose in whom her beauty had not marry you in spite row and disappointment his deflection aroused love. In her presence he ment and humiliation resulting from

from what men considered a sane swore to dedicate his life to your ruin, your strange course, but that is too course had brought to this true friend. David, and declared that insofar as delicate a thing for me to suggest.

she was associated with you, disaster Such a step, if it is ever taken, must "I called on you earlier, my boy,"awaited her also."be made voluntarily, and she is by

Elihu said tenderly, "but were you no means ready for it. You wounded

visitingnot in, so I have been and her too deeply for immediate recovery with Ruth."

beasked she to choose you when "How is she, Father Elihu?"VISITING CHILD the tween her Nazarene, and and you

"Brokenhearted, of course. She By Helen Maring chose him."

feels that your love was mere infatua- /urls on the pillow, drooping head, "But I did not choose him. I

tion and has not fastened itself into The visiting child is sweet in bed; merely asked for time in which carekiss the cheek soul and a as hers onyour has, or you would A turnedout fully to study and this my course,

. lightnot allow such matter an unimportant not grant she would me."sleepy tonight. for prayers Such.. words

to come between you; and with this "In any case you did not choose

of the loud sound, with day I was Somefeeling agree."must beset her; but her when I told how

it's child precious a But to have

I appeal "But to you to consider difficulties around. with dangers even and their toys dusty box. out of The came

my position. Can you tell me why The small doll trunks of shells and rocks your path is, that Zebulon had

I have such positive assurance of the Came down from the shelf for a child to threatened publicly to kill you, and see. divinity of this man, if he is not "This one is pretty?""Is that for me?"that we knew of a plot, even before

divine? Lebanah himself had similar It makes one remember when—and when this trouble occurred, which placed

conviction, and it was something he Gracie was seven; and Teddy, ten. your life in jeopardy, she was frantic

said which prompted me to go to the Curls on the pillow, drooping head, with fear.

Nazarene."The visiting child is sweet in bed. "Another thing which disturbs her

"I cannot answer your question any There'sdelight.peace in one's heart from the day's is that you and Martha have been

more than you can tell me why other Good night, little visiting child, good night. (Continued on page 740)

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Not since TCP such an important gasoline advance!

NEW

CONOCO ROYAL

withJCPp/as

At last! A gasoline that protects as it powers!

First in history to combine exclusive oilplating action with TCP*...to boost power

as it cuts wear as it increases mileage!

OUR PLEDGE TO YOU: To give you friendly,

considerate, expert service... Conoco Royal Service

HOTTEST BRAND GOINCi... so that you'll always get that

Royal Feeling when you drive!

Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company. 1957. Continental Oil Company

OCTOBER 1957 739 To Be A King

(Continued from page 738) in a man who really does marvelous cursed doctrine. He denied this but

together so much of late, and she things and who has done no evil. admitted that several times he had

has seen in her lifelong friend a mys- "His insistence aroused enmity, and seen the Nazarene and assured them tifying change. Instead of the merry, the question was put as to whether there was nothing but good in him.

capricious girl she has always been, he had become a convert to the acThe feelings on both sides grew in

Martha has developed, overnight one might say, into an extremely serious woman. Womanlike, Ruth associates 6m

Martha's change with yours and wonders what there is between you."AM

"Certainly she has no occasion to be jealous of Martha; for, if there

were no other reasons, Martha and ana *j/amLlu

Haran have been seriously interested in each other. But,"David added Richard L. Evans

musingly, "I may say this to you in confidence, it is not impossible that Cometimes we may become weary of the sameness of our the Nazarene may also come between surroundings and feel that we should like to get away these two."from familiar people and places. But often it is only for a

"You have heard then of Haran?"brief time. Often the best part of going away is getting back.

Elihu asked in surprise. Our children likewise sometimes tire of the sameness of

"Of Haran? No; what do you surroundings, of the supervision of the same people, and of

mean/ seeing the same places, and may have their periods of feeling "Why, then, did you say the Nazathat they have outgrown the family, and familiar friends, rene might come between them?"I and sometimes may seem to resent sharing plans and confi-

"Because of Martha. She has met dences. But these also are usually but passing periods; and

this new Teacher and feels toward sooner or later, solidly in the lives of most of us, there comes him as I do."

an appreciation for family, for friends, and an awareness of

Elihu's surprise increased. "I was I what it would mean to be isolated from others, especially

of that,not aware but has Haran this learn; families ones. loved us sooner most of This I from

tell betterperhaps en- I had you the of life is full of learn: or later that because meaning much

tire story. After you left the council sharing with, of being with, of doing with. Men were meant

chamber, naturally your attitude was to live with family and friends, and in company and codiscussed at considerable length. Some I operation with one another. Others enrich our lives, if only

of the comments made were compliby being there, if only by our knowing that they are there.

mentary, for this man whom you deIn his essay On Friendship Cicero commented on the need of fended with such valor has a few others when he said: "... if it were possible that some god

friends; but most of the remarks were should carry us away from these haunts of men, and place

very offensive. Also, Zebulon was s us somewhere in perfect solitude, and then should supply us

twitted for permitting one of his own in abundance with everything necessary to our nature, and age to strike him without retaliating. I6m yet take from us entirely the opportunity of looking upon a

He offered the excuse that he honored I human being... who could steel himself to endure such a

their presence too much to engage in 6m life? Who would not lose in his loneliness the zest for all

a brawl, but it was easy to see that his 2 pleasures?"And then he added that even if a person were

flimsy pretext carried no weight, and to witness even the most glorious of sights and scenes, even he soon left the hall. if he were to "ascend to heaven,"it would give him but

"Wagers were offered after his de- "small pleasure"unless he "had some one to whom to tell parture that he would kill you within what he had seen."1 And when our children feel that they

a month, not by his own hand, for would like to pull away into their own circle of association, tooall admitted he is cowardly to do for the too need (provided be concerned moment not I wethat, the instrumentality but through it is association), for feelings in cycles, wholesome such run of others. I had little to say, prefer- I and overtake most of us at times, but sooner or later there

ring to have them reveal all they Cm is a homeward turning, a turning to friends and family, and knew of his methods. Cm an awareness that to be rich and full in its experiences, in its

"Haran was alarmed and declared Cm confidences, life is something to be shared.

you must be warned. There was Cicero, On Friendship.hardly a member of the council present agreed him, with so comwho l/l/ofd TEMPLE FROM SQUARE Jke Jpohen>Ppletely has alienated your course your

OVER THE COLUMBIA KSL AND BROADCASTING 4, 1957 SYSTEM, friends. in yg, PRESENTED persisted AUGUSTformer Haran

his defense of you. There could be Copyright 1957 Cm

nothing wrong, he said, in believing 740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA intensity, and finally a demand was made that Haran choose, as you had done, between his official position and this doctrine. Weakly he tried to

justify his position and stem the tide of enmity against this new creed, but his efforts, as yours, were fruitless.

"His opponents were obdurate andinsisted that he pledge himself to re15*4MADE FOR EACH OTHER!

....... lettuce and tomatoes and apples and. Tang Tang this impostor, as they Tangnounce new

fruits all of gardenfresh the vegetables Tang and and you his teachingsdesignated him, and in salads for enjoy are other! each made

completely, or leave their presence Tang is perfect for seafoods, too! A touch of Tang in a salad

forever.... as a dip... or garnish captures the sparkling savor of the sea.

"You are aware that Haran has Make your salads sing tonight with the cool refreshing flavor always been rather a favorite of mine, of Tang! For a luncheon lift, try Tang on sandwiches, too!

in a recognized I havethough him 1 j, ii this lack of courage.lamentable For NHmnmmiaiUfign

forreason, the imporstill more and that thetant one, they were "\.Mm>e demands

making were unrighteous, I inter- *&* *-& ceded for him. With what result, do II 'NALUY'S

you think? They actually commenced it's Good!

an assault on me, as one of the believers in the Nazarene! But I

laughed in their faces, and they renewed their attack upon poor Haran,:M'

who was forced to swear to all the "*J >$SAlAD!>RESS/#

things which they suggested."

"And did he actually renounce his ALLEY. N1 N4LLF.v S jiMc.

belief in the Nazarene?"David asked

in a shocked voice. f GOOD flft0S OBOW

"Yes; the perspiration dripped from

his haggard face, and his lips twitched f-"m,= convulsively as they formed the words he was required to speak. He left the

room, and I followed soon after. Outside I found him weeping. When I

placed my arm encouragingly around his shoulders, he turned to mc and said with a shudder which I can never forget, 'Will forgive ever God me? I TRY THIS FOR SIGHS/ "

hishave denied Son.'Holy

"Father Elihu, astonished as I am at Haran's belief and even more so at his lack of courage, I rejoice that you have seen the effects of proving recreant to one's firm conviction. His

condition would be mine also were I to do what you and Ruth, the dearest people on earth, would have me do."

"I admit defeat, David,"the old man said. "Far better to die or lose

a kingdom or a queen than one's selfrespect. I cannot understand your

strange belief in this man and may soParfaitssimple.parAlternateexcellence—ice colorful,cream—onespecial,flavordelicious,or many—and

suggest caution, but I promise never with your favorite flavors of Towne Pride Toppings—o

to advise you to renounce your faith."chocolate fudge, butterscotch, strawberry or pineapple. CHOCOlATf

instead tapioca, or vanilla vary, use rice, pudding To FUDGE H until in freezer ready to cream. of ice Keep serve. topping (To be continued)

AUTUMN ART Townpride toppings By Thelma Ireland Two crisp, curled leaves left dangling,

From one gaunt, naked limb, Spun by a cold October wind, A mobile with fall trim.

OCTOBER 1957 741 Choosing the Right

page (Continued 705) from others their Creator upon and Salt Lake City... eyes on

is the good turn—the service. That's

what Sir BadenPowell wrote back to the boys—"What you have named

in resisting smoking, drinking, gamAir Capital of the West!

bling, and listening to smutty stories is all right, but you had better have something positive—doing good."

WESTERN AIRLINES 7 flights now assure you Praisinggood lawstheof boysconduct,for stickinghe wroteto fromsuch

South Africa, "that it is not enough of modern air service to 45 cities in the West merely to defend yourselves against evil habits, you should also be active -with connections to all the world! in doing good. By doing good I mean

making yourselves useful, doing small kindnesses to other people—whether

they are friends or strangers. It is not

a difficult matter, and the best way to set about it is to make up your mind

ENJOY AMERICA'S DC6B to do at least one 'good turn'to someSMARTEST AIR SERVICE LUXURY FLIGHTS body every day, and you will soon

Luxury beyond compare... at no Nonstop to Denver and Minneapolisget into the habit of doing good

extra fare! Gourmet dining, orchids St. Paul. Nonstop to Los Angeles, turns always.

for the ladies, many other San FranciscoOakland, and Reno. "It does not matter how small the

delightful extras! Convenient departures. 'good turn'may be—even if it is only

to help an old woman across the street, or to say a good word for someone who is badly spoken of. The great thing

is to do something.... You might

begin it this very day, and if you W-i would like to write to me and tell me about the first 'good turn'you do, I

MODERN DC6B DELUXE PRESSURIZED shall be glad to hear about it."This

of first to the is believed mention be FLIGHTS AIRCOACH CONVAIRS NORTHBOUND proin the Scout daily turn the good aircoach, 4-engine DC6B Western's or CanMontana, for Idaho, Headed it in a letter from gram, and came offers you Owl,""The Night pressurized deluxe Western's presada?

surized comfort at coach economy. Convairs turn those weary miles inSouth Africa to the boys in London.

MinneapolisSt. Paul, $50.75. Las to pleasant minutes! I might relate to you an experience

Vegas, $20.05. Los Angeles, $30.25. that Sister McKay and I had in the

old Biblical town of Sychar in 1924 when we went to Syria to attend the first conference of the Church held in the name of the Armenian Mis1CUT8ANK sion.

FAILS IGREAT

the experience with The Savior's. VLEWISTOWN Well at Jacob's of Samaria Ilsheridan.BILLINGS MINNEAPOLISst.paul DETROIT woman f#4r4'<,# oSoSs**"3—had long since been a favorite text of

ROCHESTER 'CLEVELAND mine, and I was hoping that the 'SIOUX FALLS driver of the auto in which we were riding would stop at Sychar, and give

Hawaii To Orient us the privilege of visiting this historic the and spot. However, the driver had told

me that he would not have time to

SAN DIEGO stop at Jacob's Well.

To Mexico City But strange as it may seem, just as we entered the town of Sychar, a WESTERN front tire blew out. Though the

driver was much disappointed, I AIRLINES looked upon it as almost providential.

Immediately Sister McKay and I took advantage of the opportunity to visit the well. 742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A young native boy was standing there by himself. "I must see him on

nearby. He was the only one who a matter of great importance."

could understand English, and he "You may come back in fifteensaid he would gladly be our guide. We minutes if you wish,"said the secreDEER

spent a most interesting 45 minutes, tary, "or you may leave your mesand accomplished all that we had sage with me, and I will give it to him hoped to accomplish. as soon as he is at liberty. At present HUNTERS As we returned to the auto to rehe is not to be disturbed."The irate

sume our journey, I offered the young superintendent pushed by the secrelad a hakshesh (or what we call a tary and quickly opened the door to tip); indeed, I had thought his conthe manager's private office. Then

sideration was shown to us in the after a quick glance within he just hopes of his receiving a reward. as quickly and quietly closed the door

Imagine my surprise when the lad and stared red -faced at the secretary.

straightened up and said: "No, thank "Why, he's on his knees,"he exthe secretary, "in conyou;you—Iit amhas a beenBoy Scout."a pleasureThinkto whatserve claimed,"Yes,"astonished.said

it means all over the world to have ference, as I told you."

boys thus trained to think of others! "I'm sorry, I didn't know he was

Think of the principle back of it! that kind of man,"apologized the

"... Inasmuch as ye have done it unto superintendent. "Yes, there is one

one of the least of these... ye have in there with him of greater imdone it unto me."(Matt. 25:40.) portance than I,"and he went away

Finally, we'll name the importance with an amazed look on his face.

of ever not only keeping our eye upon Onward for God and country! May

our Creator, but also appealing to the 26,000,000 men and boys keep LET US MAKE YOUR him. We need his help. Young boys their eyes ever on him and remem- "TANNED"DEERHIDE

get discouraged, and young girls, too. ber that they serve him best when INTO A SMARTLY STYLEDMany a time they weep in silence they serve others than themselves. If

because they feel that their comrades we follow that, "ALL PURPOSE"are outdistancing them. We say for

them to appeal to our Father in "There shall come from out this noise of strife and groaning SPORTS JACKET heaven in prayer—and the older

ones, too. Nothing would be better A broader and juster brotherhood, with

of postponing aim, equality deep all parents in this world and A than if to general good. SLEEVES, COLLAR the selfish All seeking follow businessmen the examwould

ple of the man to whom I refer, a There shall come a time when each AND BACK WAISTBAND leading man, a factory superintendent. shall to another MADE OF 100%

An efficient executive, coming in Be as Christ would have him ZEPHYR WOOL!

early, said to the secretary, "I want brother unto brother."

forest green of colors maroon, Choice brown, to zipper closure Jacket to see the manager.""I'm sorry,"she—Sir Lewis Morris or navy. has full

said, "but he's in conference. He neck. Two large welted diagonal pockets.

is lined iridescent of jacket with rayon Body ideals these bless us all with disturbed."said not to be God he is

twill. acetate delivery and 30 day

ideals are the scouting, which in conference! of could he be "How of andsatisfaction guaranteed.

There's nobody in the office but himthe gospel of Jesus Christ, I pray, in self."He'd seen the manager go in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. 5 Prepaid if full amount

sent with order. $249If C.O.D., shipping charges added.

The Big Noise $1.00 sales tax in California.

(Continued from page 717) take his drink and get back to his JONES1013 W.KNITTINGSanta BarbaraMILLS Ave.

with it. After they were lit he made post. Pedro finished his job. For Los Angeles 37, California

a similar horseshoe around the back good measure he dragged the carcass I am sending my tanned deerhide to size jacket into a be custom made

It of of dark enough the kicked the farther was wagon. and hunk away

is inches. ft height My

I circle. Pedro's for so took a light, outside the poisoned meat now

trim Knit pounds. Weight

lantern down from the ceiling where Then he scrambled back into the preferred Enclosedcoloris it hung from the center bow. The doorway with his knife drawn. money order or check for $

chimney was a little smoked; but Soon Pedro drew to attention. Please ship to

when I tried to wash it, I found that "Thee cleenk of thee spurs,"he Name the dishwater was cold and coated said, almost out loud. Address

over with a scum of grease. I tore "Papa don't wear spurs,"Rachel City State a page from the catalogue—not one said. "But the leather's worn off the

of the slick ones—and polished it with stirrups on his saddle. It always MILLS JONES KNITTING

of Fine Sweaters and Jackets that. clinks like that, brass against brass."(Manufacturers

since 1921 including Sweaters) STAR"I knew that the time was more "Hello! Anybody home? Why all "ALL Award

than spent. The cat had had time to (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1957 743 The Big Noise

{Continued from preceding page) Pedro tried to keep us in the wagon, the fireworks? Think it was the but he got out himself.

Fourth of July?"At least Papa didn't "This your horse?"Papa asked.

sound mad. "It's a good thing you "This your gun? I'm afraid it took

turned on the flares though. I might quite a beating. The stock's split;

not've spotted your camp."but I think it can be fixed. Seen a

Books for the I )ome factors of rnenaimip CHURCH ORGANIST 3... AT THE CONSOLEFelton 2.50 Richard L. Evans

... CHANCEL ECHOESFelton 2.50

... CHAPEL ORGANISTPresser.... 1.50 W/e have in mind today one of the most beautiful relation- I

DEVOTIONAL ORGAN ALBUM- "ships in life, and one of the most difficult to define.

Asper 2.50 Aside from loved ones, aside from close of kin, friendship I

FIRST LESSONS ON THE makes life most meaningful. With friendship nothing is imORGAN-Nevin 1.75 personal. Everything is more enjoyed. Everything has I

INSTRUMENTAL CHURCH SERVICE SELECTIONS 1 & 2- greater purpose. Everything is better understood. It is

Kohlmann ea. 1.25 something to be nourished and cherished; something that

LIGHTER MOODSPresser 1.50 cannot be forced; something that must grow naturally; and

93 SHORT SOLOSSchirmer 2.50 something that must not be abused. And this brings us to

real "friendsaid: that as to the basis Cicero the fact of what ORGAN IN THE CHURCHAsper 2.75 I

exist ship between men."can only... by good mean 1 "We

ORGAN METHODStainer 2.50 the 'good,'"he said, "those whose actions and lives leave

I ORGAN VOLUNTARIES 1 & 2- no questions as to their honour, purity, equity, and liberality; Schreiner ea. 3.50

violence; greed, are free from have and lust, and who 35 Cm who FAVORITE ORGAN SOLOSarises of their question convictions."the the courage 1 Often Schirmer 1.50

as do, for a friend. or should do, not one should to what

Sent on Music Approval 7 of violate or in the conduct a moral code a law Should one Use this advertisement as your order blank name of friendship? Should one falsify or commit an illegal

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY or unworthy act for a friend? In answer, it is significant that

15 E. 1st South

Salt Lake City 11, Utah i Cicero should have concluded many centuries ago what we

Please send the music indicated above. i must conclude today: "... that the plea of having acted

On Approval fj Charge i in the interests of a friend is not a valid excuse! for a wrong

Money Enclosed action. For (since) a belief in a man's virtue is the original

Name iCm cause of friendship, friendship can hardly remain if virtue be

Address abandoned.... Stability in friendship... can be secured...

City & State when... men who are united by affection learn, first of all,

i to rule those passions which enslave others, and... to take

delight in fair and equitable conduct, to bear each other's 'aiines Music burdens, [and] never to ask each other for anything inconsistent with virtue and rectitude, and not only to serve and 15 E. 1st So. love but also to respect each other. I say 'respect'; for if s

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PR0V0 Salt Lake City i respect is gone, friendship has lost its brightest jewel.... In

i fact, if virtue to S neglected, themselves those be who imagine

Cm will friends possess their error as soon as find out some graveREFILLS 13o.$l EachValue 49c (St.79

FIT RETRACTABLE Value EVERYTO Each) Cm disaster forces them to make trial of them.... [For] nature S INCLUDING; MADE, PEN

"Scripto"Mate""Sheaffer""Everharp""Waterman"PaperRetractable I has given us friendship as the handmaid of virtue, not as

Over 200 others (except PENS a partner in guilt.... Let this then be laid down as the first Jotter). Parker

per 6for$l friends, of friendship, that ask from do should and I law we OneSI order.make of Red, Choice

ofChoice Red,.. is for friends, neither ask nor only. [and] good Ink! what Blue, or Black Green Blue, Black, \ back charge. Money or

... [there friendship consent to do is wrong. Without prices request. what on guar. QuantityAdd 10c andshippingimprint ink. GreenBrown

Gilt lot Packing, toil 4c Each Boxes Gold is of] life, lose affection fulness I... for not and kindness s if we DISTRIBUTORS BARCLAY 1 8624 Dept. N.Y. Blvd., Parsons Jamaica, 56, life, 5 gives all that it charm."from I we lose

I Selected and arranged from essay On Friendship by Marcus Tullius Cicero.

S HALLOWEEN -Jke J>aokenjpo lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE 5 for specialize in costumes We every occasion. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 11, 1957 s Copyright 1957 w- CO. LAKE SALT COSTUME

jjjj City Salt Lake Main 248 So.

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA couple of kids about belly high to a mustang?"

By this time we were out of the wagon. Papa was off the horse and

was looping the reins through the front wheel. The other two horses

were tied to his horse.

"There was a mountain lion,"I said, trying not to sound emotional. uaranteed

"No mountain lions in this country,"Papa said. "Ain't any been pfwpHi

seen around here for fifteen years."

"We saw him,"Rachel said.

"Must've been a coyote,"Papa said.

"We heard him,"I said. "It wasawful. It bellered."adiator

"Must've been a bull."

Papa opened Pedro's gun and worked a bullet into place. "I think

it will still work."He handed it to

Pedro. "These kids of mine have

sure imagination."got an

smiled Pedro and swung his arms rotection and talked fast in Spanish. He took

Papa to show him the place where the lion had lain all afternoon. He

took him to show him the meat. The

sheep the lantern was gone. He got ALL WINTER

for it.and looked the found He

.. at no cost to you!poisoned piece; but the carcass was refills if needed.

gone. He could see where it had

been dragged off into the dark. That See your Utoco dealer now about this complete cooling

sneaking thing had made off with it system checkup. You pay only once for the entire season.

just to let us know that he was still Applies on Atlas PermaGuard antifreeze at Utoco on the job. The flares had died now. Stations.

Their life had been prolonged by the tallow; but they were gone. There

was only the lantern. The breeze was

cooler at night. pinto shivered. The I WINTERIZEI stepped over to the horses. quiet

was glad to feel the thirtythirty before it's too late strapped to Papa's saddle. Papa came

over and unstrapped it. *

The breeze stirred again, and the You expect more horses acted restless. Rachel was

holding one and I the other two. from UTOCO and you get it!

"What happened to your dog?"

Pedro.Papa asked But before Pedro UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY suitablecould find the anAmerican

swer two moons had risen near the brow of the rise beyond and above PROVIDES ECONOMICALthe lantern. They weren't exactly

..moons. They were more like ripe yelPROTECTIONlow-green gooseberries. Papa leaned Tto Seitaf Pk 23,000 Utahns now invest a few cents

toward Pedro. "You take the left a day to insure protection against

one, and I'll take the right,"he paysfuneralbills expenses.regardless ofThewhenSentinelor wherePlan

whispered. I held tighter onto the the need arises and is available to

chin reins. The two guns blared as todayanyoneforupcompleteto 80 yearsdetails.of age. Write

one. Rachel's horse reared high in

the air, but Rachel hung on and went up and down again without harm.

There was a low guttural bellow and a thrashing around. The moons

had gone down.

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co,

(Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1957 745 The Big Noise

(Concluded from preceding page) ing at Cheyenne. This particular lion

"Look! Look at my hands!"Rachel was taken as a young whelp about

shouted to me in a loud whisper. fifteen years ago from a plateau some

"They held my weight! They held miles north of Fossil Narrows, now

my whole weight!"I couldn't see used as a summer range. When the

them very well, but I could feel. "My carnival train stopped on Wednesday

vicissitudes,"she exclaimed, "they're at Fossil Narrows to take on water, all well!"the animal jumped his keeper and

There was one last gurgle from out escaped into his native hills. The

beyond the lantern. cat is used to people and buildings.

"Ain't been one of those things If he comes into your dooryard, don't around here in fifteen years,"Papa mistake his boldness for a friendly SAFEWAY said. call. He is still a lion. You are adto say. It vised to shoot him on sight."IS A FRIEND Out the paper had more

L'was published in the county seat Papa raised his eyes from the paper

OF THE FAMILY... AND on Friday, and we got our copy on and looked cornerwise at Rachel and

Saturday by the noon train. Papa me.

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER read it to us at supper around the kitchen table. "Wanta go on a lion hunt?"he

I asked. grinned at him. back And "STOCKMEN ARE nourishment goodand Golden WARNED But Rachel itched only sides her KEEP TO FOR ESCAPED WATCH fields ness of the wheat from

stiff. It coveralls her where were

beast LION. The MOUNTAIN into Idaho Skylark Utah and go is would soon night, be Saturday and believed to in be visiting this territory bread, Wright's at sold and Mrs. she could her have bath change. and on an unscheduled leave from Conn Stores. Safeway

Brothers'Animal Carnival, now show- (The End)

All of the wheat for these Safeway brand breads in Utah and

Idaho comes from Utah and Following the Pioneer Trail

Idaho. Cereals for the Busy

(Continued from page 729) crossed its ridge and dropped down Baker Crackers, so popular with took the first look at the formidable into East Canyon Creek about half Safeway customers, also are country ahead. Clayton's Guide re- a mile above the present East Canyon grown in the two states.

marks succinctly, "The country west Dam.

Last year a total of $1,637,000 looks rough and mountainous."The present road passes the site of

in flour was purchased from Just short of the summit, fifty feet the first of three Pony Express staUtah flour mills and some $3 3 5,- or so to the right of the road, carved tions on the thirtysix mile route, the 000 was purchased from the deep into solid rock by countless Dixie Creek Pony Express Station.

thousands of iron wheels, lie twin Worth noting is the fact that this Idaho flour mills at Weiser.

Some of this was used in other traces of history. The wagon tracks fabled enterprise followed the Morare almost covered by eroded dirt; mon Trail very closely from Nebraska

states. they must be uncovered and protected into Salt Lake City.

Safeway makes it a practice to as part of the trail restoration project. As he skirts the east side of the East

use Utah - Idaho agricultural But they are there, indelible, speakCanyon reservoir, one must use his products of all kinds. In this ing eloquently of an heroic past to imagination. The old trail, now

way Safeway provides a strong, the sensitive mind. drowned deep in the reservoir lake,

Driving on down Dixie Hollow rafollowed East Canyon Creek for eight dependable market for Utahvine after crossing the summit, one miles. It was rough going. Orson

Idaho farmers. can appreciate this entry in Clayton's Pratt's journal tells us:

private journal:

SAFEWAY IS TRULY... We followed the dimly traced wagon

Arrived at the summit of Hogsback and tracks up this stream for 8 miles, crossing

A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY. put a guide board up, 80 miles to Fort the same 13 times. The bottoms of this

Bridger. [Evidence of the remarkable accreek are thickly covered with willows, from

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER. curacy of the roadometer Clayton had 5 to 15 rods wide, making an immense labor

attached to his wagon.] The descent is not in cutting a road through for the emigrants

very steep but exceedingly dangerous to last season. We still found the road almost

wagons, being mostly on the side hill over impassable, and requiring much labor.

large cobble stones, causing the wagons to slide very badly.... At Macfarlane's [once Clayton's]

Ranch, where the surfaced road beYour fiyr pldtetosavei"IIIUI It was so bad, in fact, that after gins, the motorist finds himself back about half a mile the Donners and, on the original trail along the stream.

following them, the Mormon pioneers, Here in these beautiful meadows was gave it up, turned to the right, and built the second Pony Express Station climbed the long bench to the west, on this part of the trail.

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The modern highway swings off to the right to climb Big Mountain at this point. is But if the weather dry, Continue Your Education

i 1 1 1.., i,! '!"... i l..i. i ii iiiiii the straight road ahead up East Canyon Creek can be taken easily along mmimmmmmmmmmmms.

one of the most interesting parts of the old trail, into primitive, beautiful country that is more nearly like the conditions the Pioneers originally found than any other part accessible by car. Fall, with its golden aspen

and scarlet oak against deep green spruce and fir, is nowhere more beautiful than on the byways of this trail.

Four miles along this lively, willowlined creek is Mormon Flat and, leading up the mountain to the west,

Little Emigration Canyon. Here the

Donner Party camped for four days while the men cut a road up Little

Emigration Canyon to the top of Big

Mountain. -7b You can take college work in

And here, in history of another mmmmt) your own home. Brigham Young day, the Mormons prepared their last

outpost of defense against invading Yf\i ir rrilirr"rl University's Home Study departtroops of the US Army. When Johnment offers 268 courses by mail,

ston's Army was marching toward

I VfrltV from Accounting to Zoology, inUtah in 1857, 1 J n the summer and fall of and the Church leaders decided they.. eluding LDS religion courses.

would be pushed no farther, Mormon Will Teach You parties were sent out to prepare defensive positions. last of these The At Home ENROLL NOW at the of Littlewas mouth Emigration Canyon, up which an invading CLIP THIS COUPON AND MAIL TO

army would virtually have to pass. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

The breastworks are there today, Extension Division—Home Study

plainly seen, two long lines of stone, Provo, Utah

Name brooding along the brows of the two Street hills commanding the mouth of the City & State canyon. Here is mute evidence of Please send without cost, Brigham Young University's HOME

the determination, courage, and STUDY catalog.

energy of a noble people.

Of this spot, the remarkable journal of Captain Albert Tracy, an Brigham Young University officer in Johnston's Army, records:

Extension Division—Home Study

June 25, 1858—We get off as early asfive in the morning, and after a long and Provo, Utah

toilsome ascent, in the course of which we pass additional fortifications of the Mormons [these having been abandoned beSALT LAKE cause a truce had been arranged], reach at last the bald and rocky crest of "Big Mountain."

You, if you have a sound heart, good wind, strong legs, and a couple of hours to spare, may decide to follow the DonnerMormon-Johnston's

Army steps and hike up Little EmiFREE PARKING gration Canyon to the top of Big in the NEW

PARKING TERRACE exercise to guaranteed mmMountain—an

in to place eat The stay andinvoke a healthy respect for the men Salt City. downtown Lake Cofwho took wagons and handcarts up fee Shop and Dining Room,

I rooms for banquets,these rugged you may special slopes—or business luncheons and wedding

(Continued on following breakfasts. page) mJ

OCTOBER 1957 747 Following the Pioneer Trail Save By Mail backtrack(Continuedto thefromoiledprecedingroad andpage) drive partyCanyonnearandwhatdaysis nowlatertherejoinedCity Farm.the

to Big Mountain summit. As a member of the party wrote:

at the summit, the Pioneers Here at last theEarn... / saw end of their journey. of Thesepassingmendownreportedthe valleythe impracticabilityin which they

their advised were they then [Parleys] and of to pass... With Safe! Theythe viewhad reachedwas not a ofpointmorefromcanyonswhich over range companions a low

and more summits ahead. There behills [Little Mountain] into a neighboring

did. they This fore their at valley. they them saw goal—or i'KsiH*i'hIiMh!TVr least of part longsought Valit-—the later, Pratt gave the Orson A year

ley of Salt the Great Lake.

advice. pioneers the same Mormon

lost in But little contemtime was to rereconnoiter, Sent he ahead the scenery. the over DownEarn more for your ELBERT plating in his journal: ported

money... a full R. edge the wagons went, straight down,

4% with complete CURTIS where a man scarcely dares stand toWe travelled down several miles and found that the small descending stream were logs, ropes wheels locked we with this safety at state President day, a Dell passed Creek] [Mountain through tied to the tops straining men supergovernment very [the of Parleys high gorge mountain the to keep wagons withupright—sliding, institution. just Reserpresent the below Dell Mountainvised

it for voir], impossible where judged we after to pass; awhile, searching wagons andOpen an account by ROBERT cloudbouncing,of dustcareeningover whatdownsurelyin a greatmust

mailing in as little V. be one of the most fearsome sections we found that the wagon trail ascended

l l/2 miles and as $1 now. EarnHODGEN of wagon road in the nation's history. quite abruptly for about

ings computed semiExecutive Clayton's Guide, in a monumental otherpassed narrowover a mountainvalley [Emigrationand down Canyon].into anannually. VicePres. understatement, says merely, "The

descent is steep, lengthy and tedious, It is easy to see today where the on account of the stumps in the road."trail ascended Little Mountain. Deep

Here, too, the path of the wagons erosion in the original wheel marks is plainly seen. Their wheels left has left a gully running right to the

SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. ruts that have since eroded into a pass where the present highway

2186 HIGHLAND DRIVE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH sizable gully that runs straight down crosses. The same is true, to a lesser

the mountainside, crossing the presextent, going down the other side. Inent winding highway at several stead of sweeping in wide curves as

points. the present highway does, the trail

A public picnic ground now marks went straight down the mountain,

Sight is Precious the Birch Springs on Mountain Dell reaching Emigration Creek—which

Creek where the Pioneers found their the relieved Pioneers called "Last at the present "Last Creek"—just

monument. Light Costs Little nextfollowedgood thecampsite.creek, Fromcrossinghereit theyreCampsite"

peatedly for four and onehalf miles. This difficult going led to one of

Traces of the old trail are still to be the most dramatic episodes in the enseen along the stream bed. To the tire length of the trail, virtually at

left of the present highway as it breaks its end. Here was the one place

out above the wide meadows of Mounwhere the Mormon wagons did not tain Dell Creek can be seen the site follow Donner 's. Why they did not

of the third and last Pony Express bespeaks the basic differences between

Station along the trail. It was operthe characters of the two groups of

ated by Ephraim Hanks, one of the pioneers.

most colorful characters in Utah hisIt happened at Donner Hill, less PLAN tory.

The trail is now in a fairly wide than a mile from the canyon mouth. LIGHT valley with an easy grade going down Here, after desperately cutting their

for into Parleys Canyon. It was almost way through the brush, the Donners

LIVING ankeepaccidentgoing alongthat thethis Pioneersstream, enterdidn't Murphy,almost gavea memberup. As Virginiaof the partyReed

ing Salt Lake Valley through Parleys

Emigration instead of ReCanyon.

the had ridden Live Better member wrote: two men who

with Reed to catch up with it James have looked as though our would wagons Electrically We reached the end of the canyon where

It impossible to be abandoned. seemed horses Their Hastings? Lansford

with FULL HOUSEPOWER had given out, and they had to rest for the oxen to pull them up the steep hill a day before starting out to follow andand thethe workbluff beyond,was, at last,but weaccomplished,doubled teamsalUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Reed back to the Donner Party at most every yoke in the train [of 23 wagons]

Henefer. They got lost in Parleys being required -to pull up each wagon.

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Looking up the incredibly steep face of Donner Hill, one can today,- visualize the scene. He can imagine |//

how that desperate climb, repeated "For cruiselike comfort—go BIGOV

twentythree times, must have exhausted animals and men. He can Largest and Fastest Liners to

understand why the party had to rest and recruit in the valley, why it wasalready weakened as it attempted the AUSTRALIA salt flats, why it arrived late in theSierra Nevadas, why death took half NEW ZEALAND its members there.

The ironic, tragic fact is, those Your transPacific trip is a vacation in itself, aboard any of Orient Line's Big-O express deaths were unnecessary. The expeships. Three blissful weeks of sunshine and sea

riences of the Mormon pioneers a air... relaxing on spacious sports decks...

year later shows why. When they pampered by fine food and flawless British

reached this same point, they debated service! Everything's on tap for your pleasure

what their course should be. William... swimming pools, airconditioned public

Clayton's journal describes the derooms, generous free baggage allowance, comcision: fortable living quarters. Three classes. Tourist

roundtrip, from $554 to Auckland, $604 to

We found the road crossing the creek Sydney. Regular West Coast sailings, via

again to the south side and there ascending Hawaii and Fiji. See your local travel agent.

up a very steep, high hill. It is so very

steep as to be almost impossible for heavy FOR GLOBETROTTING: Orient Line connecwagons to ascend and so narrow that the tions from Australia to Europe, with transleast accident might precipitate a wagon Atlantic return in any Cunarder.

down a bank three or four hundred feet in which case it would certainly be dashed to pieces. Colonel Markham and another line hill over went theman and returned better up Orient'There's no way

ifthe to see canyon a road cannot be cut

Pacific!"to cross thethrough hill. avoid this and Brother Markham says a good road can soon be made

thedown canyon by digging a little and CUNARD LINE General Passenger Agents in U. S. and Canadacutting through the bushes ten or some

15 rods [some 200 feet!]. A number of

men went to work immediately to make the road.... After spending about four hours'

labor, the brethren succeeded in cutting a pretty good road along the creek and the wagons proceeded on. specially for your And so, at long last, the valley was Q

reached. Small wonder, after such an

ordeal, that the scouts waved their hats and shouted for joy, or that

Wilford Woodruff could write:

This is an important day in the history of my life and in the history of the Latterday Saints. After travelling from our encampment through the deep ravine, ending

with the canyon, we came in full view of the valley of the Great Salt Lake, the land of promise, held in reserve by the hand of

God as a resting place for the Saints, upon which a portion of the Zion of our God will be built. We gazed with wonder and

admiration upon the vast fertile valley spread out before us for about 25 miles in length and 16 miles, in width, clothed with a heavy garment of vegetation, in the midst of which tV,e glistened the waters of Great Salt Lake, with allmountains around, towering the toward streams, rivuletsskies, and creeks and of JSl souvenir nenus pure water running through the beautiful M; sPec,'a/ Qttentiton

valley.

Hundreds of Explorer Scouts each COFFEE year are learning, through the blisters SHOPand aching muscles of hiking the trail, something of what Wilford Hold Utah Mnx Carpenter, Managei felt.Woodruff and his brethren

OCTOBER 1957 749 The Utility of OppositionQUICK PROFITS page 725) {Continued from foamed and gnashed their teeth who at us."from EASY SALES of opposition again felt. Let was

Joseph Smith tell, in his own words, Orson Hyde, in a letter written to people Your will buy the happenings of a century ago. Heber C. Kimball at a later date says: Historical Messenger's

occurred circumstance which "Every Art Calendar on sight. "After I had retired to the place as fresh is just of devils is the calendar This in that scene

previously designed I had where especially designed at recollection the to in as it was my for the produced and looked around me, and go, having of its occurrence. time you While Christ Church of Jesus

of LatterDay Saints. finding myself alone, I kneeled down were apparently senseless, and lifeless

Stakes can and desires Wards to the began offer up and floor, bed, after the on the and of upon to 00% profit. make up I scarcely to heart God. had my laid there, be- I stood this you proved1 and we had Adopt

popular moneyraising done so, when immediately I was tween you and the devils and fought now. method Mail couseized upon by some power which enthem face to face, until they began particulars. pon for full

tirely such an had overcame me, and to diminish in number, and retreat Messenger Historias to over influence astonishing me the room."from f/ calArtCalendarhas

briefscriptural so that I could 1 mesnot tongue bind my instances, of In these and each for sage LatterDay | gathered darkness speak. Thick

'for Saints each day the others quoted, be might it for many to seemed me, and me around together year the of light of stands unchangewhich God, 13 appropriate / with if I to as sudden were a time doomed to of Satan, ably the darkness opposed / art reproductions

/ in natural color. destruction. full, it as triumphed, always does when we

data, historical / Also to call exerting powers "But, all my put our trust in him who is the author / etc. Beatitudes on The

'to deliver out of upon me God cover the light. in beauthe of back

tiful English Old letterpower of this enemy which had seized Lucifer maintains his power and ing with colored border -J—suitable for framing. upon me, and at the very moment dominion with gold and silver, with

PRICES: Single copy 45c; 3 copies $1.25; when I was ready to sink into despair armies and navies, with selfishness

destruction myself to 12 25 copies $7.75; copies $4.50; abandon and personal unreambition, and greed,

copies $15.00. 50 ruin, to an imaginary not of gratification license but to the strained in the

Write today for better prices on larger power of some actual being from the the lust and appetites of men, disrequantities and for proven sales plan. unseen world, who had such marvelgard for law, order, justice, or

felt I before as never had ous power equality. L'lvjrof this at in moment any Procter Francis being—just which by and policy power The City, Utah I Salt Lake of light pillar East, S. 18th a alarm, great 2636 saw

is light, truth, seeks to control God Messenger at once send Please the above head, over Historical exactly my 1958. for love, Calendars charity, patience, virtue, Art mercy,

sun, dewhich of the brightness of $. is remittance justice. equality, order, law, and

information send free Please it until fell upon gradually on Ward and scended plan. sales to this policy is opposed Whatever we EnclosedD Stake me.

it to Opposition must must combat.

Name, "It no sooner appeared than I found never cease. We must prevail, or

Address myself delivered from the enemy submit to defeat which will bring

City State. which held me bound."(J.S. 2:1517.) both temporal and spiritual destrucIn 1837, Heber C. Kimball, Orson tion.

Hyde, and others were sent to Great The utility of opposition, then,

Britain to bear the message of the rewhen we contend for that which is FILMS! stored gospel to the people of that right, and oppose that which is wrong,

DEVELOPED country, which was to contribute is in the fact that it develops of individuality, us* masters makes to the Church. strength They such and PRINTED

ourselves, us to the of commits and July. Converts arrived on the 20th

were made and a time appointed accomplishment of the purposes of when the ordinance of baptism was the Almighty. It makes man alert,

to be administered to those who had forceful, and manly, while to drift r-BACK GUARANTEE! accepted the truth. Sunday was the listlessly with the current without opPHOTO1115, Dept. SAM'SP. O. Box AALAB daysolemnized.when thisOnordinanceSaturday wasnight,to thebe resistance,position to withoutspur himknowledgeon to effortof, oror City, Salt Utah Lake

day before the date set for the bapwith indifference to, the responsibility tism, Heber C. Kimball says: "While which came to him with his knowl-

I was thus engaged, I was struck with edge of good and evil, of right and

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS great force by some invisible power, wrong, man, the only one of the

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple and fell senseless to the floor. The creations of God endowed with reasore throat and other minor mouth first thing I remember was being supson, becomes little better than the

and throat irritations. ported by Elders Hyde and Richards brute creation, a thing existing only

who were praying for me. I then to satisfy the demands of nature,

arose and sat upon the bed, when a without knowledge of the past, amHALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake CityUtah vision was opened to our minds, and bition for the present, or hope for the -,.—,,.——... -.,—,.——....—. we could plainly see the evil spirits future.

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For originality and greater light on the subject of the utility of opposition, the Book of Mormon is very explicit.

This is true also in its dealing with many other doctrines such as infant baptism, the resurrection, atonement, fall of Adam, purpose of man's existlook ence, and the agency of man, and many others. Lehi, addressing his w you can..

son Jacob, discusses the need of opposition in all things as follows:

there be, that "For it must needs

Ifis in all things. not iff DIAL YOUR an opposition wso, my firstborn in the wilderness,

righteousness could not be broughtto pass, neither wickedness, neither COLOR SCHEME!

holiness nor misery, neither good nor bad. Wherefore, all things must Bennett's color harmony selector

needs be a compound in one; wherehelps you create perfect color schemes

fore, if it should be one body it must in a minute. Simply start with a color

needs remain as dead, having no life already in your room—say that of

dial to turn the draperies. Then your incorruption death,neither nor nor 1322 COLORS before color. eyes you Right your that misery,corruption, happiness nor

with Anything in Your Home! To Go for colors to the use harmonizing see insensibility.neither sense nor

"Wherefore, it must needs have your carpet, furniture, walls. Ask your

for of a thing naught;been created

there been have no Ct&ttotfL, PAINTS orBennett'sHarmonydealerSelector.to showHeyouhasthe 1322Colwherefore would

purpose in the end of its creation. Colorizer Colors to go with anything

in your home! deneeds this thing mustWherefore, his \$AAAMjdjLA of andstroy the wisdom God

eternal purposes, and also the power, 65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches

and the mercy, and the justice of God. and dealers in the Intermountain area and Southern California

"And if ye shall say there is no law, ye shall also say there is no sin.

If ye shall say there is no sin, ye shall also say there is no righteousness.

And if there be no righteousness there be no happiness. And if there be no Is the CI)UrcI)%WSrighteousness nor happiness there be

no punishment nor misery. And if

these things are not there is no God.And if there is no God we are not, in vour home?neither the earth; for there could have y

been no creation of things, neither to act nor to be acted upon; wherefore,

all things must have vanished away."Every week the Deseret News

(2 Ne. 2:1113.) "Church News"Section brings

Latterday Saints together.

It is an official organ of the Church and contains reports, instruction

THE GLEN and news that should be in every

L.D.S. home. It costs so little. Mail By Ethel Jacohson

this coupon now for information.

TTIeep in the shadow Of willow and fir, Gossamer wings Make a drowsy whir ferny banksOver coral bells chime, | "CHURCH NEWS"Where

And the wild rose nods 143 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Over spicesweet thyme. Please send me subscription information on the l

i "Church News."

There are small brook orchids The wild bees know, j Nnmp And fairy lanterns 1 AHr!rp

softly glow,That in theDeep shadow I City Stnte

Of fir and willow L Where Summer sleeps On a green moss pillow.

OCTOBER 1957 751 Melchizedek

Priesthood

Quorums, Reactivation, and

SALVATION

you ever stop and wonder why serve, on a basis of primary responsiWhy Must We MagnifyDid we have priesthood quorums in bility, in a specified field of priestly Our Callings?

the Church? responsibility.

Obviously we must have priestAccording to the oath and covenant hood. It is the power and authority Priesthood is conferred upon worthy of the Melchizedek Priesthood, all

of God delegated to man on earth individuals. Then they are ordained those who magnify their callings

to act in all things for the salvation to an office in the priesthood. The therein shall receive exaltation. "All

of men. Without priesthood there priesthood itself might be pictured as that my Father hath shall be given

could be no salvation in the kingdom a circle and the offices in the priestunto them,"the Lord says. (See D &

of God. No one questions the need hood as segments of the circle. Thus C 84:3341.) "The power of the

for it. when a brother has the Melchizedek Melchizedek Priesthood is to have the

But why not just have priesthood Priesthood conferred upon him, and power of 'endless lives'; for the everand let it go at that? Why did the he is ordained an elder, he receives lasting covenant cannot be broken,"

Lord restore the priesthood and then the entire circle, but his calling is to the Prophet Joseph Smith said.

specifically direct that it be operated labor in the segment of the circle (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph through quorums? What is there assigned to elders. Smith, p. 322.) Thus, every person

about a quorum that makes it so imThe multifarious duties to be perwho holds the Melchizedek Priestportant? formed in the Church require specialhood has in his hands the power and

And if there are some special blessists in various fields of endeavor; ability to gain eternal life if he magings which accrue because of quorum some persons are endowed with nifies the calling given him in the

membership, what are they, and talents that permit them to work efpriesthood.

field in in fectively one some and officers must andwhat quorum memis a prePriesthood Aaronic The orthere another. are these Hence to gain imbers do most them? And,

priesthood, goes bethat paratory one priesthood. in the dained offices theportantly: Things Doing Are We is greater, fore that one something

where Priesthood Quorums Are ConThere are also administrative offices that schools and trains a person for cerned that Will Give Us the Promor callings. These are positions of the greater or Melchizedek Priestised Blessings?

presidency and administration. Brethhood. The Prophet called it "the

What Is a Priesthood Office ren called to them are set apart to Priesthoodthat Aaron ofwasElias,ordainedor the unto,"Priesthoodbeor Calling? their labors. An ordained elder who

cause it was designed "to prepare the is called to serve as a quorum presiway for a greater revelation of God."

Among others, there are in the dent is set apart to that office, given (Ibid., pp. 335336.)Melchizedek Priesthood the following

the keys of presidency and the obligaoffices: elder, seventy, and high priest; Thus by magnifying one's callings

in the Aaronic Priesthood: deacon, tion to perform the duties that go in the Aaronic Priesthood, a person

teacher, and priest. Each office is with that particular office of presipasses the tests and gains the schoolan ordained calling or assignment to dency. ing necessary to enable him to re752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ceive the oath and covenant of the sonal conduct of their members. If What Is the Magnitude of

Melchizedek Priesthood. And by quorum members do not meet the Quorum Responsibility?

magnifying his calling in the higher standard they should, it is the duty priesthood, to qualifies he go on to President F. said: Smith Joseph of the quorum presidency to lead themeternal life in the of kingdom God. expect to see the live day, if we "We to repentance and righteousness.

long enough (and if some of us do

What Is a Priesthood Quorum? Obviously, also, the temporal wellnot live long enough to see it, there

being of quorum members is the direct are others who will), when every

It is an organizational unit of the concern of the presidency. It is difficouncil of the priesthood in the

Church. It is the place where brethcult for a brother who is temporally Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

will understand its duty, willren the calling in having same the sick to be spiritually well. Saints

its assume will own responsibility,priesthood to learn their go dumay ties and find out what they must do magnify its calling, and fill its place to magnify their callings. It is a How Can We Magnify Our Callings? in the Church, to the uttermost, acservice unit and, therefore, a place cording to the intelligence and ability

where brethren may work out their By keeping the commandments and possessed by it. When that day shall

salvation. serving in the Church; by putting first come, there will not be so much neces-

A priesthood quorum is an organin our lives the things of God's earthsity for work that is now being done auxiliary organizations, by the ly bekingdom; every by living by wordization to which a brother may go

it will be done by the regular that forth of proceedeth the cause outto be indoctrinated of in the ways righteousness; where he can find mouth of God; by learning the duties quorums of the priesthood. The Lord

which appertain to our particular designed and comprehended it fromfraternalism, fellowship, brotherhood;

where he can gain help with his ecopriesthood callings, and then perthe beginning, and he has made pronomic problems; where he can find forming them. vision in the Church whereby every

the persons appointed to teach him Priesthood quorums are the organneed may be met and satisfied how to magnify his calling in the izations which the Lord has provided through the regular organizations of priesthood. to enable the holders of his authority the priesthood. It has truly been said

is that the perfectly Church organcallings. their to are magnify They real very In a the sense has Lord is ized. trouble that only these The places the learn where our what wegiven priesthood us so that quorums organizations are fully alive not to are; duties service units are they the could priesthood have presidentswe the obligations rest that them. upon create assignments which Churchto us guide duties. teach our us and they thoroughly become awakso When that salvation. out our can work we

Until we begin to serve, to give someened to the requirements made of fulfil their dutiesWhat Is the Responsibility thing of ourselves, to work in the them, they will of Quorum Officers? fields of our assignment, our hearts more faithfully, and the work of the

Lord will be all the stronger and are not set so securely on the things "Of necessity there are presidents, of God and his kingdom that we may more powerful and influential in the or presiding officers growing out of, expect to receive salvation therein. world."(Gospel Doctrine, 4th ed., p.

or appointed of or from among those 199; Melchizedek Priesthood Handwho are ordained to the several offices book, p. 22.)

in these two priesthoods."(D & C

107:21.) These presidents hold the Checking Our Performance

keys of presidency over their respective quorums and are obligated to MISSION CONFERENCE Now, are we using our priesthood sit in council with their fellow quoquorums as the Lord intended? Are

rum members, "teaching them the By Dollie M. Allen they agencies through which brethren

duties of their office,""edifying one f\n, wonderful hours! Incomparably are being taught their duties and how

another, as it is given according to reaching to magnify their callings?

the covenants."(Ibid., see verses 85Eachteaching!hesitant soul with the gospel's rich Are they being used as service

100.) Quorum presidents are to lead units to provide both training and

their quorum members to eternal life Somehow, but few could sit dryeyed work for quorum members? Do we

in the kingdom of God; they are to ThroughoutAnd pure notesthe ofheartfeltangels prayer,intermingled have brethren in them who are not

teach them how to magnify their As each hymn caressed the air. keeping the standards of the Church?

callings. We seemed caught up to spheres before Who are not magnifying their callassistance? The personal righteousness of each Withunguessed,understanding borrowed from the ings? Who need temporal

quorum member is the pointed conblessed. Do quorum officers and committees

cern of his priesthood officers. They Eachswordidea reached the heart like a singing understand their part in the great

have the duty to see that he meets Each utterance became a trumpet for his program of priesthood reactivation?

the standards of personal rightword, Is the personal missionary approach eousness which the gospel imposes. AndUntil listenerour soulsand inspeakerecstasy seemedseemed asspun,one. bringing inactive brethren back to the

Brethren presiding over Melchizedek blessings of quorum fellowship?

of faith this miracle given Some has dayPriesthood asked quorums are to make organized according to the Are we not feel of this side again heaven! may

visitsannual confidential to all their We patterns forth in set the handbooks?

quorum members so that they can Are we following the program of the check up in confidence on the perChurch?

OCTOBER 1957 753 * Presiding

Attendance At Sacrament Meeting Senior Members

Presiding Bishopric Brings Blessings Promotes School Program HPhe primary purpose for attending friends think us to be. These are good

Sacrament meeting is to partake reasons why we should associate with rpHE Presiding Bishopric strongly of the emblems of the Sacrament in those having the attributes of good -*- urges every stake in the Church memory of the sacrifice of the Lord character. to institute schools for senior members

Jesus Christ and to renew our coveWhen we attend Sacrament meetof the Aaronic Priesthood and their nants with him. These are sufficient ing, we come in contact with those wives.

reasons why we should be present at who are cultured, refined, and deSuch schools have been held in this meeting each week, but in addivoted to the Church. To mingle with many stakes with wonderful results.

tion, there are other blessings which people possessing such distinctive Thousands of men and women have come to those who attend this meetvirtues stimulates us in our desires to registered in these schools and have ing which are sometimes overlooked. live more circumspectly. completed the prescribed courses of

The social advantage of contact with While attendance at Sacrament study. The school program has

friends is beyond measure. The admeeting is an individual responsibrought new impetus to the work and

vantage we refer to is not that which bility for one's own spiritual and has opened the way for many to bewould elevate us into select circles of social development, it is also a concome active in the Church and be privilege and fashion; or that which tribution to others because here we advanced in the priesthood.

would improve our financial or politishare our friendship, love, and faith The schools have been very effeccal opportunities, but the advantage with them. We cannot obtain alone tive in rural as well as urban districts.

of associating with good people. what we gain by uniting with neighThey may be held on a ward or comWe gravitate toward those who bors and friends in this sacred hour munity basis or on a stake basis.

meet our standards. Our lives are of devotion. The success of these classes deaffected by those whom we respect. When we worship together, there pends greatly upon careful planning

We are inclined to pattern after those is a leavening effect. There is an inand upon close cooperation between

whom we admire. Most of us try to fluence working silently which welds ward and stake committees.

be the kind of person we believe our our souls closer together. Members Stakes which have not as yet held

such schools should get them organized without delay. Helps and suggestions for the school program may

be secured from the Presiding Bishopric's Office.

of the congregation thrill to the message of a speaker endowed with the

Spirit. A responsive audience has a

stimulating effect upon the speaker.

Together we share the blessings which come from the operation of the Spirit.

It is understandable, then, why the

Lord should say, "It is expedient that the Church meet together often...."

(D & C 25:75.) In speaking of the

Church, the Lord was referring to its members. We cannot afford to

pass up the blessings which come from meeting with our friends in Sacrament meeting. We should consider the social blessings as well as

B. Bishop Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric's Office congratulates Thorpe graduates

recent forof a school Priesthood urges the spiritual advantages that come of the Aaronic senior members and wives. He

greater school activity throughout the Church. from attendance at this meeting.

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishoprics Page

Remarkable Record STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS

OCTOBER 1957

The Spirit of Cooperation

is the spirit of cooperation. This The spirit of the gospel of Jesus Christ

spirit permeates practically every phase of gospel teaching.

Church organization is based upon cooperation—members of the Church

cooperating in an organized plan for the accomplishment of the purposes of the Church.

The missionary system of the Church is a system of cooperation—coop-

eration of parents, brothers, sisters, and friends with missionaries and the

Church to carry the gospel message to the ends of the earth.

The plan of genealogical and temple work is a plan of cooperation individuals, families, societies, and groups cooperating in the accomplishment of the plan of salvation.

The law of tithing is a law of cooperation—cooperation in the financial

Byron J. Tempest and temporal affairs of the Church.

Byron is a priest in the Kenwood Ward, If we observe the law of the fast and pay fast offering, we cooperate

Wilford Stake. For six years and eight in the care of the poor and needy.

months he has had perfect attendance at The budget plan, now in operation in the stakes and wards of the priesthood and Sacrament meetings. His Church, is a plan of cooperation in providing finances for ward maintenance,

interrupted recently record he when was activities. recreation, leisuretime and

of period forces for a into the armed went

Finally, the Church welfare this recsix to order In plan is a plan of cooperation—cooperation months. maintain

ord Byron refrained from going on outings in the fundamental doctrines of the gospel brotherhood, love of fellow men, and trips. On other occasions he traveled fraternity, neighborly kindness, and security for every member of the Church.

long distances to attend his meetings. The plan, in essence, is as old as the Church itself. It is based upon the

principle of cooperation that enabled the early Mormon pioneers to build this intermountain commonwealth which is now bringing recognition to the

Church in many parts of the world.

Outstanding Achievement Only as members of the Church show inclination and ability to cooperate can the Church move forward. As we learn and manifest the spirit

HPhe Belnap brothers, Karl, Keith, of cooperation, which is the spirit of the gospel, the Church will move on-

A and Lee, have made unusual atward to its great destiny.

tendance records at priesthood and In this year of 1957, true Latterday Saints should manifest as never before the real spirit of cooperation in all things for their mutual welfare.

Sacrament meetings. Karl, recently

ordained an elder, missed attending both meetings one Sunday shortly INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR NOVEMBER 1957 after being ordained a deacon because of sickness and then never missed for Inventory Time seven years while a member of the At the end of each year, modern business institutions take inventory to determine

Aaronic Priesthood. He has received Herehow theyare somestand.itemsLatterdayfor consideration:Saints should also take inventory of their progress.

seven individual Aaronic Priesthood Where do I stand in the matter of loyalty to the Church? The payment of

awards, six of them with the one tithes and offerings? Attendance at Sacrament and other meetings? Observance of

hundred percent seal attached. the Sabbath day? How can I improve my record?

Keith, now a priest has had perfect attendance at priesthood and Sacrament meetings for seven years and Brothers Make Great Record has received seven individual Aaronic

Priesthood awards.

Lee, recently ordained a teacher, has received two Individual Aaronic

Priesthood Awards and has perfect TheKarlBelnap(left),brothers:Keith (center)

attendance at priesthood and Sacraand Lee (right), Pocatello ment meetings since he was ordained Twenty Second Ward, West

Pocatello Stake, are the fine a deacon. sons of Karl and Ruth BelThe Presiding Bishopric commend nap.

these fine young men and their parents for their devotion to duty.

OCTOBER 1957—Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts

built from the trunks and fronds of coconut palms; even their floors are Saturday Means made of these fronds. They eat foods

which would seem strange to others.

Most of them are born, live, marry, "to Prepare"begetlightfulchildren,islands ofandthedietropicalon theirseas.deThese are the Tongans, inhabitants

of the Tongan or Friendly Islands.

by Evelyn Hyde Dunn LDS missionaries have been among them for generations, and a large percentage of them have accepted the

EDITOR'S NOTE gospel. Although few have had the

privilege of going to the temple and

Sister over presided C. Emile Mission husband and her the Tongan Dunn Dunn for receiving their endowments and sealyears, theirthirteen children to three returning Logan, in 1950. Utah, with Distances

between islands are long and transportation infrequent and slow. However, Sister Dunn ings, their hopes are high now that a

traveled throughout the mission meeting with the Saints, establishing Primary work, and temple is being built in New Zealand.

Societies Relieforganizing none where existed. She did the bulk of translating of lesson Many Tongan brethren hold the Holy auxiliariesmaterial for these and the YWMIA.

Priesthood, and generally they magany of us feel that home and live one group of Father Lehi's chilnify their callings with a zeal and family life in other parts of the dren who have been on their islands humility which are characteristic of world are much different from longer than even their traditions rethat people.

our own And they are different, on late. These people have brown skins, One of the most striking examples

the surface, but fundamentally the with black hair and eyes, and on their of their obedience to the gospel has problems of food, clothing, and shelter pleasant, smiling faces is the light of to do with the Sabbath, for which are the same everywhere and among intelligence. They live in houses they have deep reverence. In their

all peoples. All must have shelter

from the elements, whether these are mild or severe. All must have clothing to cover and protect their bodies,

be. styles local matter whatno a may y,

J */ "w life, to sustainAll food must have even though that food may vary greatly from one area to another.

Thousands of miles to the southwest of the United States on a small Eileen Gibbons group of islands beyond the equator Editor 756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA language, the word for the day before the Sabbath means "to gather in, or prepare."They use Saturday for that "The best

purpose in order that they can with honesty "remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy."

Let us spend a Saturday in a small

Tongan village with a young Tongan family.

Dawn is just breaking. High in

the trees the roosters call to each other, to announce a new day, and birds twitter and chatter. Below, the

matting door of a house on the outis made with skirts of the village is raised, and a man emerges, ready to begin the work safe:- ':'-*s-C better, blending

of the day. For clothing he wears a

shirt, patched, faded andkhaki and Morning Milk"his waist, abouta cloth wrapped (And for a better cup of Postum reaching nearly to his ankles. His cream it ivith Morning Milk! )

legs and feet are bare, the feet so nevercalloused having from worn Pie Pumpkin Milk soles are almost theirshoes that as Morning crust pte) 9'single Makes leather. as Vi teaspoon salt man, Thishard we whom

sugar cop cinnamon lypslecamundiMed callshall (Tayvee'-tah), Tevita teaspoons

MILK cloves is 1T/ji/j teaspoon pumpkin the superinin elder the Church,an allspice MORNING1 teaspoon y, pie shell unbaked nutmeg,"'/, singlecups cannedcrust teaspoon his in of School thetendent Sunday ginger teaspoon y, gggs withlocal branch, an honored and man in the community..p>?assdsss—sfitsss -,=—DaKing j rear of the swiftly to the moves Continue He F.).

before slicing. Cool E1,-BS5*4S25SSSE5ZSSXA*koat('0ou? clean., long Before disappears. hehouse and ofpumpn. MILKtVAPORATID orgguash maybe used inplace

returns, leading a small horse by a rope made of twisted bark. From a

thatched shed he takes a harness and proceeds to harness the horse and hitch it to the twowheeled cart standing nearby. Then from the sameshed he brings his spade, hoe, and mi* tfrf*

long bush knife. He places his tools

in the cart, together with some large baskets woven from palm fronds.

As Tevita is about to mount into cart, ofthe the again the door house VaW1 aside, small amoves boy and runs highprogta"toward him. His name is Sione

I (Seeowe'-nay). His clothes resem- * W*est pes***

ble those of his father, and he, too, costhas bare feet and bare head. In his

hand he clutches a chunk of cold broiled tare* He climbs the wheel of the cart and seats himself crosslegged beside his father on the bottom of the graphcart. These two are on their way to Tnecostlslo-"

the family's small plantation to do their share of the preparation for the

Sabbath.

Mele (May'-lay), the wife and Plus postog m mother, must also do her share. Saturday is washday in Tonga, and she

wants to have her family's clothes narC1,-hj \ clean for Church. Because it is easier

to take the clothes to the water than to carry the water to the clothes, Mele

(Continued on following page) DesetetJmL *A root plant similar to the potato, but generally larger.

OCTOBER 1957 757 Saturday Means to Prepare

(Continued from preceding page) As soon as she has scrubbed and of tapa* cloth. She drops her homegathers the few garments of the rinsed all of her clothes, Mele gathers made clothespins into a small basket,

household into a "vala,"a sheetlike the clean wash and her children, and which she hangs from the inside wall cloth which takes the place of trousers they go home. Here she hangs the of the house with a piece of bark.

for men and the place of aprons for clothes on a wire which serves as a The two little children, tired from women. The bundle is placed in a fence between her yard and that of their play in the warm sunshine, are

small tub, together with a glass washthe neighbor. For clothespins she now sleeping on the cool, soft floor of

board, a piece of yellow soap, and a uses sticks about six inches long that the house. Mele is a good housebit of "blue"in a small rag. There have been split on one end. The wire keeper and keeps her floor soft, for it

is no one to stay with the children, does not hold all of the washing, so must serve as beds for the family as so she takes little Ofa (O'fa) and she spreads the rest on the grass in well as a floor to the house. She herbaby Tupou (Toopou') with her. the sun. Little Ofa is given the task self is tired, so she lies on the floor,

They walk to the village cistern, about of keeping the dogs, pigs, and chickens with her head on a kapok** -filled two blocks away. Ofa carries a off the clothes. Baby Tupou also pillow, to await Tevita's return. There

bucket to which is attached a long must be kept off. is little disturbance from the outside.

cord made of the braided fibre of the The next task is to burn charcoal The men of the village are not yet coconut husk. for the iron. In a corner of the small returning from their farms, and most

of the other are and children women shells is a basket of coconut first at the cookhouse task on arrival The resting in their homes. As the fire of without husks. gives one Mele iscistern lowers water. Mele to draw

the bucket into the black depths. these shells to Ofa and sends her to under the kettle cooks the food for

first of the the day, meal Mele falls the neighboring a to borrow woman feel that it has touched she canWhen asleep, at peace the world. She with little returns a with fire. Ofa soon gives a deft cord thethe water, she

flip, easy from long practice, and the live coal in the shell. With this Mele awakens some time later as the cart

bucket turns on to its side so that it starts a small fire and heaps it up with bearing Tevita, little Sione, and baswill fill with water. The water is the empty coconut shells. The bits kets of food, stops behind the house.

poured into the tub and one or two of coconut meat which cling to the Ofa and Tupou also are stirring. The

more bucketfuls are drawn and added. shells are full of fat and the shells noonday rest is over and Mele must

This is sufficient for her wash. burn readily. When the entire pile once again be at her work.

has burned down to charcoal, Mele While Tevita and Sione unload the

Before sitting down to her task, puts out the fire with a little water. cart, Mele spreads a small, clean mat

Mele looks around for her two chilShe now has fuel for her iron, but the on the floor of the cookhouse. Shedren. They are happily wading with charcoal is still damp from the water then removes the cooked taro fromtheir bare feet in a nearby mud pudand not yet ready to use. Leaning the kettle and piles it all into a basin.

dle. So the mother takes her washagainst the cookhouse is a piece of The dinner is ready. She makes no

board, sits crosslegged beside the galvanized iron, such as is used for apologies for having nothing to eat tub, and begins scrubbing the clothes. roofing. She spreads the charcoal on but taro. Tevita expects nothing

The first few pieces are white this iron and puts it in the sun. The more. This is an ordinary meal for

Tevita's Sunday shirt and vala, her heat will dry it by the time she is the Tongan people. Most of theown white dress, and the children's ready to iron. time they eat only this starch food,

clothing, varitogether withSunday underclothes.ous white These are It is now nearing midday, and Mele withspecialnothingoccasionsto godo withthey eatit. anythingOnly on

not very dirty, so they take little time knows that her husband and son will else.

and energy. As she finishes scrubbing soon be returning home, hungry.

chilmother, three father, and The eat today, to Tevita has nothing had piece, wrings it outeach with Mele sit crosslegged floor the on little is a dren that has Sione and all had strong it in placesher the hands and bucket. cold piece of taro. Mele herself has around the mat. They all bow their

as their Tevita thanks Father at heads the children eaten, although not articles colored been have The worn in for his the asks food heaven and piece a small each have had home soiled. arelonger and more much it. blessings of the each upon Then left their of taro over from evening to hasShe use soap more and much is children of in given a taro piece gets yesterday. she water meal So in strength scrubbing bemore them his also hand. parents the take The cistern, peels the more from somefore will clean. they be not does Mele it. in their food eat hands and The it taro, in boil to the puts and on this toconsider scrubbing be a hand is food eat they with and warm, good sits of kettle piece iron a on which

is is ashardship, she acstrong and appetites, for the they have earned sticks fuel, iron uses matting. she For to the work.customed She knows eat. to right After the meal, each will husks. dinner coconut and Theof to other clothing. no wash way of family, the with beginning member to eat be ready cooked and when finishedBefore has her with Mele father, the his in the washes hands their return the Tevita son from andscrubbing, arrives a neighbor woman of rolls basin water. same Mele up farm. of her clotheswith bundle and washit the puts they and away, mat and

ing utensils, as well as her three small The clothes hanging on the wire are ready to continue preparing for children. The two women chat as are now dry enough to iron, so Mele the Sabbath.

they work, enjoying the opportunity gathers them in and stacks them on to visit and to discuss their children a pile of mats in one of the rounded willowlike*Bark cloth,stalk.made from the inner bark of a tall,

and the problems of their households. ends of the house, behind the curtain tree.**Cottonlike substance found in pods of kapok

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tevita takes a basket of copra, the dried kernel of the coconut, and JV&zv*Jdeei AjrAxztumrt Suppexs drives to the next village to buy the supplies that are needed. Meanwhile,

Mele must iron the clothes. She

takes her iron down from the high shelf. It is larger than the ordinary

steam iron of the United States, and black and heavy. She pulls out a

pin and lifts off the top. Inside she

places some live coals from the fire, then fills up the cavity of the iron with some of the charcoal which she prepared this morning. She places

the top on the iron and pushes the pin in to hold it tight. The flat end

of the iron has a small air hole in it, and Mele fans this end of the iron with a fan made from coconut fronds, to keep the charcoal burning well.

What smoke there is goes out a small pipe near the pointed end of the iron.

Mele sets the iron on a clean empty corned beef can so that it will not burn the floor of the house. She

then places on the floor a large piece of tapa cloth that has been folded two or three times. Over this she

spreads one of the flat pieces from her wash, and her "ironing board"is ready to use. She puts the clothes

within easy reach and seats herself ftoh,Hcot TUNA SOUFFLE floor. the the beon shadows When

minute. 1 about smooth, until Beatgin to lengthen, finished she has her Makes 4 servings free from place, in warm Let rise Cover milk y2 cup 40ironing neatly about folded the Scald has bulk, and in doubled until draft, sugar tablespoons 2 stir inclothes. minutes. to a large takes She them salt 1 teaspoon

chest made of camphor wood and \/A cup shortening In 1-quart casserole, to lukewarm. Coolcarefully lays soup Another them inside. celery of cream can combine. 1 warm cup drained into bowl % Measure tuna, can 7-ounce 1 ispart of the preparation for Sunday water hot) (not onion grated teaspoon 1finished. yeast.) pimiento (Cooltolukewarmforcompressed chopped tablespoon 1

this 1 package returns in time Tevita from About crumble or Sprinkle whites egg.2 dry. not stiff but until Yeast Beat Fleischmann's cake or post. tothe trading the addition In in fold and batter down Stir or compressed. dry active

whites. groceries, aneeded has brought he egg beaten

dissolved. until Stir tuna. is calico. ofpiece white of creamed There enough top mixture. on batter milk Spoon lukewarm Add

beaten slightly littleto yolks, to a Sione vala make minutes. new 2 egg to 45 oven40 (hot) Add 400F in Bake flour enriched sifted 1 cup shirt that thewear white with Mele

sewed yesterday. The mother is

happy, for she wants her small son goesto look he to Church nice when to toCreamy tuna and Huffy toppingafter his be confirmed baptism morrow. She will hem it later in the with flavor only Yeast can give

evening before she goes to sleep. "I take my hat off to this new and different souffle,"

Mele's next task is to sweep her says Mrs. Kenneth Gardner, prizewinning cook of

Clearfield, "It Utah. has a dressedup 'company'yard. of the midbroom Her is made

let Souffle fool that don't look—but you. HighHat is a

tightlyribs of leaves, the coconut filling hearty, easy."downto-earth Dish, and Main

bound to a light piece of wood for a Why don't you serve HighHat Tuna Souffle soon? It's a

handle. Beginning near the house, high scorer at bridge luncheons, a delicious dish for

the woman sweeps all the grass in the family suppers. Of course, the secret's Fleischmann's

front yard, removing dead leaves, Yeast—use either the cake yeast or the handy dry kind

that keeps for months. It's so fast rising and easy to

sticks, bits of bark, and anything else use—the choice of prizewinning cooks.

which might look out of place or make the grass look untidy. Even

for other dishes main Recipes dead grass is swept along with the Another Fine Product of (pizza, too!) on of every the back

trash. As Mele sweeps this into piles, Standard Brands Inc. "Thrifty Three."Look for them when

little Ofa gathers it up in baskets and you buy Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

(Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1957 759 Saturday Means to Prepare

(Concluded from preceding page) able type, but without an electric empties the baskets along the side of motor. The power is the strong right

the lot. As dusk falls, the rubbish hand of the user, who turns a wheel

is burned. All over the village is seen that runs the mechanism of the mathe glow of little fires, and the smoke chine. Mele puts the machine on

gives a sweet and acrid scent to the the floor and sets the lantern nearby cooling evening air. so she can have light. She sits on the

Meantime, Tevita has visited the floor to sew. She is very skilful with

village cistern and brought several her hands, and the hem is as neat as buckets of water for the daily baths if it had been made on a modern of the family. He has bathed and put electric machine.

JbE.nd vol out iLLu\.t Tiahz.a bxoc.hu.iz on clean clothing. After her sweepThe children are now sleepy. Tevita

ing, Mele takes the cool water in a and Mele close down the door mats or qocvn rot trzE Lm>> ivnaalnq. pan and bathes her children and and prepare for sleep. But first the

.v.xuih.in.a toi ike biiaz ah; dresses them in clean clothes. Then family raise their voices in that beaushe takes her own pan of cool water tiful song "Fakamalo Kia Sihova"

to the small enclosure which serves (We Thank Thee, O God, for a as the family bathhouse and has her Prophet), and all kneel while Tevita bath. leads in family prayer. The children

While Mele has been bathing the snuggle under the tapa cloth on the children, Tevita has boiled some sweet floor, and Mele lies beside them.

potatoes in the iron kettle. Once Tevita takes down the "Tohi Tapu"

again the little family surrounds the The Holy Book, from the shelf and mat and eats the simple meal, this reads aloud the chapters which will time by the light of the kerosene be the Sunday School lesson for to60 East South Temple lantern. The few sweet potatoes morrow. Then he turns the wick of

Salt Lake City, Utah which are not eaten are placed in a the lantern low and lies down on the "Across from the Church offices and pan on a shelf of the cookhouse. floor with his family. Soon they are

Lion House"The time has now arrived to hem all asleep in the contentment of havthe new vala. Mele brings out her ing done their work well. Once again

sewing machine, which is of the portthey have prepared for the Sabbath.

KITCHEn CHflRm WAXED PAPER KEEPS FOOD FRESHER LONGER!

SIMPLE

PLANTER

by Louise Price Bell

Since this house is on a slight slope a simple planter was used to avoid a downhill look at entrance. Shallow by the walk, it is deeper as the

ground slopes so that the top is perfectly level. Six uprights tie well

with overhead treatment to create an interesting effect, and planter is kept filled with seasonal flowers.

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS

Of HOUSEWIVES...

by Louise Price BellAT ALL LEADING GROCERS—Photo

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LOVE AT FIRST BITE c?

New TABLE QUEEN

New loaf—new wrapper

More nourishing—made with milk

Enriched with vitamins & iron Fresh... at your grocer's

.as near as your

mailbox.

MAIL TO BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Adu't Education and Extension Services

Home Study Provo, Utah

Narr-5

Address

City & State Please send me without cost Brigham Young University's Home Study Catalog

—Photo by Eva Luoma YOUR ERA SUBSCRIPTION MAY EXPIRE

... when you're least expecting it. But it needn't. For, by

Autumn knowingmonths beforethe expirationthat date date—andarrives—youbycanrenewinginsure againstat least misstwo

ing even a single issue of The Improvement Era.

just mail To your payment of $2.50 along with a renew

label to of your address Means copy

Apples 50 No.THEMainIMPROVEMENTStreet - Salt Lake City,ERAUtah

Fewandfruitsillustrioushave hadtalesthesurroundingpopularity Two Missionary Aids them that the apple has. Adam THE A.B.C. OF MORMONISM

into look whatand Eve bit MISSIONARY'S one—and THE MORMON

golden one broughthappened! A MESSAGE all WEA COMPLETE OFFER...

kinds of trouble in Greek legend. ENGRAVING SERVICE Written by Aubrey J. Parker

William Tell, compelled to shoot one From Missionary Portraits to the Largest Converted Methodist Preacher from his son's head with a bow and Catalogues. Popular Pocket Size—Hard Backs

arrow, became famous. Any schoolMail Orders Given Prompt Attention SentEACH toPOSTPAID.You Anywhere for ONE DOLLAR

teacher long in her profession has had UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Apply to:

Carrillo 616 West on California Barbara,her—anda red and whatpolishedchildonehasn'tplacedheardbeforethe 231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah ELDERSantaAUBREY J. PARKER

(Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1957 761 Autumn Means Apples FOR MEMBERS

OF (Concluded from preceding page) may even have dipped apple cubes

The MORMON CHURCH Johnny Appleseed story? Apples have or balls in citrus or pineapple juice

an been bobbed for, candied, and stolen to assure they won't turn dark and tray. all added hors trees d'oeuvre them to her world. over the from ESCORTED green following dishes, apple fruit a The isn't a without bowl bowl A fruit

apples, and many a happy memory out of the ordinary, she may not have SOUTH AMERICAN little

TOUR includesBe Mine atIn leastAppleoneBlossomchorus ofTime.""You'll tried.*

ARCHEOLOGICAL Apple and Sweet Potato Casserole connohave colorful Yes—apples

signifiSCENIC tations. But in importance and RECREATIONAL cance, they reach their peak in the 4 cups sliced apple

30 Days kitchen of the imaginative homemaker 4 cups sliced, cooked sweet potato tablespoons 2 sugar Visit——Cuzco Lima—Puno that discovered has apples have who tablespoons 2 molasses Santiago LaPaz Puerto——

endless goodness. almost uses and teaspoon salt Pealla Montt Carlos——San Toy4

de Bariloche—Buenos Aires 2 tablespoons butter or substitute

Montivedeo—Sao Paulo—

Rio de Janeiro. Place alternate layers of apple and

LEAVE SALT LAKE CITY sweet potato in a greased 2-quart casSUN. NOV. 3 serole. Sprinkle the sugar, molasses, and

salt over the top and dot with butter.

Descriptive Cover the dish. Bake the casserole in

BROCHURES AVAILABLE a moderate oven, 350 F., for 40 minTOUR PRICE $1605.00 utes,6-8 servings.or until the apple is tender. Yield:

S. L. C. to S. L. C.

UNIVERSAL Apple Muffins 2 cups sifted allpurpose flour sugar cup TRAVEL SERVICE Y2 HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE 1 salt teaspoon Salt Lake City DA 8-8881 1 tablespoon baking powder 1 teaspoon cinnamon MAIL COUPON Y2 teaspoon nutmeg—Photography by the Costas 1 egg, well beaten

GRIND FLOUR iy4 cups milk day, thanks to centuries of breeding l/4 cup melted shortening l juice lemon ]/2 tablespoons apples beautiare more AS YOU experiments, cups finely chopped apple \y2 before. ever than ful and flavorful

NEED IT! They are healthful, too, supplying Sift together the first six ingredients.

Vitamins A and C and other nutriCombine the egg, milk, and shortening. The Secret

of a ents. Add the liquid to the dry ingredients

Truly Although there are many varieties, and stir barely enough to mix. Pour

Nutritional available summer, fall, and winter, the lemon juice over the apple and fold

Bread is apple supply and quality is in most the chopped apple into the muffin mixture; Fill overmix. greased do not mufFreshly its localities at best in the autumn

fin full. in a muffins pans the Bake % Ground is usually an months. October 425 F., ecohot oven, Serve minutes. for 25 Flour variety whatever nomical time to buy hot. Yield: 16 muffins.

best suits the homemaker's need mill flour grinds stone household Your own for tart apples cooking or immature Green Beans with Apples flavor. LEE Household superb with a Get

Mill. flour Flour as your for juicy, apples baking; sweet and

honest of. familygrind youElectricbake. an Assure your.

loaf! eating and for salads. Quality is easy 5 strips bacon

Portable Automatic Electric to determine because blemishes are 1 mediumsized onion Economical 4 cups green beans for recipes food prices—free Write and today surface. usually the on

facts. tart 6 apples mediumsized offer, introductory send Save on coupon below loves apples housewife Every who choice for or order with check money 3 tablespoons vinegar

it's shipped. the ground day package—stone pie, recipe for favorite apple her 5-lb. has 3 tablespoons sugar brown LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY Betty, apple, baked and WalBrown Wisconsin Milwaukee,

Lee Engineering Company, Dept. IE-4 dorf salad. At her fingertips are diCut bacon in pieces and fry with

2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee 1, Wis. rections for apple butter, apple jelly, sliced onion until bacon is crisp and

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-Ib. pkg. Pp. only $1.50 applesauce, and apple stuffings, the onion tender. Add green beans and

.... Wis.-Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.00 breads, and cakes. She has probably bean liquid to diced apples, vinegar and

apples are until brown sugar. Simmer apple chopped good how Name discovered pepper. Season and with salt for pork, tender. is as a garnish such as meats

Street - beef, sausage, or liver, when browned *Recipes furnished by the Utah State University,

City State until tender in bacon drippings. She extensionCornell University,services. and Michigan State University

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jesus Visits Judea

(Continued from page 722) "If ye, then, being evil, know how What Is Important In to give good gifts unto your children:"

he added, "how much more shall your Choosing a New Organ?

heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?"

From the time of the Feast of the TRUE CHURCH TONE! THE HAMMOND ORGAN does have

Tabernacles, which was held in late the magnificent tones that sacred music calls for.

until or October, Feast theSeptember No tuning, very little repair.

of in the LOW UPKEEP! Dedication held which was

latter part of December, Jesus may VERSATILITY! Congregational singing, choir work, organ reall fromhave remained in Judea, although citals, social as well as devotional programs—

"Music's Most Glorious Voice,"thesome authorities have him returning to Galilee in this period of time. Hammond Organ

Luke and John record two addition- (Choice of over 40,000 churches) al miracles which some attribute to Get Full Particulars From this period. is the casting out One

devil. this After event of GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. miraculousa

ANNIVERSARY - - CELEBRATING GOLDEN OURoccurred, some of the people again

CITY SALT LAKE PROVO OGDEN accused him of casting out devils 2546 Washington 74 South Main 57 North University "through Beelzebub, the chief of the devils."Jesus replied that a kingdom divided against itself cannot stand.

One day while Jesus was walking with his disciples, they came across a man who had been blind from his birth. Among the people of that time

it was popularly supposed that sinwas accountable for some of the afFAMOUS flictions people suffered, and the FOR FIT disciples asked, "Master, who did sin, SINCE 1850 this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?"

"Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents:"Jesus replied, "but that

the works of God should be made manifest in him. DIAGRAMS "I must work the works of him YOUR ERA

it isthat sent me, while day: the SUBSCRIPTION principlesIllustratingwithLatterdaycomplete scripSaintnight cometh work. no can when man

"As long as I am in the world, I am MAY EXPIRE turaldensed referencessummaries ofandChurchconthe light of the world."doctrines. Extremely helpful

He then anointed the eyes of the To renew just mail your payfor teachers, students, and all blind man with clay and told him to Church members.

go wash in a pool. He did and was ment of $2.50 along with a copy Author, A. P. Merrill

able to see. When his neighbors of your address label to

realized what had happened, they disPrice -$1.00 EACH

puted among themselves, wondering Available at if this could be the same man, and THE IMPROVEMENT ERA when they asked how he was cured, 50 No. Main St. DESERET BOOK COMPANY

revealed that calledhe Jesus a man Salt Lake City, Utah 44 East South Temple as done it. the healhad Inasmuch

Salt Lake City 10, Utahing had taken place on the Sabbath day, the people brought the man to the Pharisees.

"This man is not of God, because NEW DEDICATIONZEALAND TEMPLE 1958 April 20, Inc. keepeth nothe the sabbath day,"*999f? Air American Pan {janwridfit sightseeing, hotel, Inc most meals, muchsaid the Pharisees. some of is This nonscheduled not a chartered more.

escorted personally scheduled but a said, others But "How for T-ftfifc especially can a man flighttour most on America's LDS

Bible better airline. There is no experienced isthat a sinner such miracles?"do INTERMOUNTAIN CALIFORNIA NEWS Bible. than a Cambridge N. Los Angeles Ave. 29 1023 Western

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1957 763 Jesus Visits Judea GIVES MORE (Continued from preceding page) and that they might have it more

When they asked the man who had abundantly.

FOR YOUR SEATING DOLLAR! been healed what he thought, he said, "I am the good shepherd: the shepMore Comfort,. Longer Life, "He is a prophet."herd giveth his life for the sheep."

Assured Through Sending for the man's parents, the It was on this occasion also that

CLARIN Engineering Pharisees asked: "Is this your son, Jesus said, "And other sheep I have,

who ye say was born blind? how then which are not of this fold: them also

Patented feet rubber molded doth he now see?"I must bring, and they shall hear my

brass plated over prongs wear many times longer... The father and mother feared what voice: and there shall be one fold,

can't accidentally drop out. might happen to them if they adand one shepherd. will never gouge floors.

Easily removed if required. mitted a miracle. Jewish leaders had "Therefore doth my father love me,

I if lay that because agreed down my life, that I was heard any man seats have a Wood it again. to confess that may take Jesus of Nazareth was "neutral"temperature

won't conduct away the Christ, he should be denied the "No man taketh it from me, but I body heat. Wood

is physiologically, privilege of attending the synagogue. lay it down of myself. I have power

"softer"than steel.

Fiveply hardwood won't So they answered the Pharisees, "We to lay it down, and I have power to dent or bend. know that this is our son, and that take it again. This commandment

he was born blind: have I received from my Father."

X-type frame is superior in strength "But by what means he now seeth, At the Feast of the Dedication, to cheaper Y-type... is selfwe know not; or who hath opened Jesus was again in the temple. Finddesign

leveling and extreme will absorb shock. his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ing him there the "Jews"asked him to

Seat safely upon. be stood may

ask him: he shall speak for himself."tell them plainly whether or not he

Upon receiving this answer the was the Christ.

YOU SAVES THREE WAYS! MONEY CLARIN

1 unrivalled backed by an Langterm economy ntee Pharisees again called the man to "I told you and ye believed not:"ten year guara

2. Less storage space required as CLARIN Chairs fold them and tried to convince him that Jesus answered: "the works that I

completely within their own frames! Jesus was a sinner. When he stood do in my father's name, they bear

3. Saves two out of every five storage trucks! by his position that the person who witness of me.

had cured him was a man of God, "But ye believe not, because you

CLARIN MANUFACTURING CO they "cast him out."are not of my sheep, as I said unto

ISt., t.Chicago65, 464044,W.III.Harrison When Jesus heard what had hapyou."

pened, he found the unfortunate man Continuing his teachings, Jesus deand asked, "Dost thou believe on the clared, "I and my father are one."

Son of God?"To the Jews who did not believe,

Answering, the man replied, "Who this was blasphemy, and they tried is he, Lord, that I might believe on again to stone him. But Jesus conhim?"tinued his discourse saying, among

And Jesus said, "Thou hast both other things, "If I do not the works of seen him, and it is he that talketh my Father, believe me not.

with thee.""But if I do, though ye believe not

"Lord, I believe,"the man declared, me, believe the works: that ye may

and fell down and worshiped him. know, and believe, that the Father is

Speaking further to the people, in me, and I in him."

Jesus told the parable of the Good Again the Jews tried to take him

Shepherd, pointing out that the sheep but Jesus escaped and, passing out of know the voice of their keeper. Then the land of Judea, he crossed over the

We a Iso sell: he added, "The thief cometh not, but Jordan River where he had been

HeywoodWakefield Choir for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: baptized to Bethabara.

Seating I am come that they might have life, (To be continued)

Church Pews Folding Partitions Flannelboards Blackboards Stage Curtains The Worth of MIA

Paper and Janitorial Supplies (Continued from page 710) Mormons are doing."He said, "I

Mimeograph and Ditto Machines thorities. President Grant called me would like to see that."

to see if I would entertain him beWe went down to the old tabercause I had filled two missions in nacle on Thirty -third South and

Holland. Well, I showed him around State, and there were the young girls

town. When evening came, I said, selling candy and the boys polishing

& SUPPLY CDMPANY "Now, I can take you for a ride out shoes, and then we went up and to the mines or out to Saltair, or I bought more candy than anybody

SALT LAKE OGDEN IDAHO FALLS can take you to a Mormon bazaar around there, and distributed it in action, and let you see what the among the people, and then we went 764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA upstairs to an operetta. It was a

beautiful thing, and then they an- "The right training means a better nounced that there would be a dance job and faster promotions."

downstairs, and I said, "Now, Mr.

Herschel, I do not want to tire you out. I will take you back to the hotel, enroll before Oct. 21 for

if you would like to go."He said,

"Couldn't I just see that dance first?"MidTerm Classes

So we went down to the dance, and MAIL COUPON TODAY on the way back to the hotel, he said, "Mr. Richards, if I hadn't seen it I LDS70 NorthBUSINESSMain COLLEGEStreet

wouldn't believe it. All those hunSalt Lake City, Utah

dreds of young people having such a midtermPlease sendclasses,me immediatetuition, livinginformationaccommoon glorious time and no evidence of any dations, etc.

evil of any kind."He said, "You Name

know, if I were a young man, I would 12 Jobs Per Graduate like to cast my lot with the Mormons. forLDS everyBusinessgraduate.College hasSecuretwelveyourgoodfuturejob offerswith Address

But, you know how they feel towards highstandardfor class schedules.business training. Write today City Zone State the Mormons over in Holland."He

did not need to tell me anything about that. I knew.

He said, "My daughter is married Business CoCCegto a doctor, and my son is a profesLDS sor, and they would disown me."70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

But he saw something here that he just did not realize.

Some years ago, when I was president of the Hollywood Stake down in

California, we had a dance there in \\ f the Wilshire Ward Chapel with the BURNED OUTDeseret Club from the campus of

UCLA, and Mr. Evans, who was in REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

charge of all of the church groups A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, there, attended our party. It was a with tremendous added expense before you find

gorgeous thing: our young women in another.

their party dresses, no sign of smoking Let us explain your need for ample insurance or drinking, inside or outside the to cover today's higher values.

building. And Mr. Evans turned to

me and said, "Mr. Richards, I wishevery minister in Los Angeles could UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

see what I see here tonight."HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

I thank God for this great organization of the MIA and its influence upon the lives of our young people.

I heard a minister over the radioin Los Angeles make this statement. GUNSMITH TO YOU

said, isHe today need "What a we SKIN POWERIZED,

If with are PROBLEMS?troubled dry, for you rough, the ofChurch the land. youth ACCURIZED

scaling skin itching or or are adolesan.30 CAL SPORTER GAME have to been preaching the oldWe io rifle high all powered of buy cent skin with troubles given and have.Starting aamazing maxwith beautiful surplus rifle in Swiss army absotlmelfolk letting lute the folk and to excellent go condition, in young despair, our thinking product up no gunsmith own would machines and

crowns 22"length, sporter remounts relieve skin, precisionzeroes in or heal then sights, your barrelalters tothe you owe hard (red) mountain is devil. walnuithe That our churches why stock to sporter contours, rebeds barreled action perfectly, it to try to yourself H & OINTMENT. headspace. trigger pull M crisp). Swiss Theare checkslove today."guns empty finest and the (guar,in make the light,world, but. as everyone this druggist Your has marvelous healing knows, they in have not been a for years. war oil 200 They

rifles and their every fire but day seldom beg We ointment will gladly refund and your polishto you return this it is gun not in astounding everythem. respect.

This gives sporterif you gun a for all if hig game cost would renot are pleased with you money it to you yourself. do I Purchase tell price includes magazine lot of stories could a youMow, $70Ellner It The Cal..30 is is sults. Sporter to use, pleasant action bolt 12shot odorless repeater. and

target. Ammo: rds.. 18 softnose $5; rds., hunting, S3. 24 SO like skincolor. that. ORDER TRIAL: ON FREE check, Send of the ministers cash order One deposit for $7 C.O.D. Test, shoot, in return or10 full for moneydays

if refund not in perfect every Calif, respect. resid. addin 4 in Los Angeles 1953, runs a state who tax.

questions and answers box, was asked Dept.THE ELLNER42, 1206 COMPANYMaple St., Los Angeles, IS, Calif.

the question, "What Church is doing

SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY itsthe greatest TO GUARANTEED peowork with young it atHyour Get order drug*Mstore, orple?"minister the from DRINK he was And while

of another answered, church, he "The & H LABORATORIES Church."then heMormon went And 151 EASTM 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH ficqo A delightful

on to indicate what they were actual- 1 oz.—$1.25 2 oz. - $2.00 hot beverage for those

ly doing. POSTPAID who don't drink coffee.

(Concluded on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS

OCTOBER 1957 765 The Worth of MIA (Concluded from preceding page) hands of a wicked woman on Main give you this one in closing—told

My sonin-law is an attorney there. Street, and he said, "Something said about Antonius Stradivari, who built

The clerk of the court said that his to me, 'Stop and rescue that boy.'violins that are worth their weight in

wife had been appointed with a You see, that boy stood at the crossgold. This little verse was written by

group to study the youth program in roads, and so he went and parked his Mary Ann Evans regarding the StradiLos Angeles, and he said that when car and came back and took hold of varius violin:

his wife got into Wilshire and saw the boy, and the woman said, "No, I do not know whether you have what our young people were doing, you don't. He's mine."And this ever seen one or not, but I stroked

she went back to her own minister man said, "There's a policeman right one once—-you know, "the hand that

and said, "Why can't our young peothere on the corner who will take care shook hands with the king"—I just

ple take part in our Church like the of you,"so she rendered no further thought I would like to be able to

Mormon young people? Why can't resistance. say that I had. I asked the owner

they preach from the pulpit and pray He took that boy and drove him what it was worth. "Oh,"he said,

and conduct our exercises?"And the around until he had sobered up and "you don't put a monetary value on

minister's reply was, "Well, it cost then took him to a hotel and bought a thing like this. I carry $50,000 inme a lot of money to learn how to a room for him, left him his card surance on it."

preach. I don't propose to develop with his number and name and said, This is the little verse:

any competition in my church. If "If you ever need me, let me know."

the young people want to preach, let In a week or ten days a letter came If my hand slackened I should rob them go get it as I got mine."from the mother back in Virginia, as God

We cannot help being proud of the I remember, or West Virginia, and it Since he is fullest good, wonderful influence that is going out read something like this: "I don't Leaving a blank instead of a violin.

into the world, and there are many know why you did what you did for God could not make Antonius Stradiwho are copying after it. It is just my boy unless it was that I prayed varius violins without Antonius.

as Jesus said, that the truth was the for that boy that night as I never salt of the earth, "but if the salt have prayed for him before."I suppose God could have rescued

lost his savour, wherewith shall it be You see, even the Lord has to have that boy on Main Street in Salt Lake salted?"(Matt. 5:13.) And the peoinstruments to answer the prayers of City, but he had to have an instruple will turn unto us because the Lord the faithful, for the prayer of the ment through whom he worked to

has restored his truth, as Brother faithful availeth much, we are told. do that.

Morris just bore witness, and this So the Lord touched the heart of this May God grant that each one of work is being led by prophets of the man to rescue that boy in order that us who are called into his great servLiving God, and the power of God the prayer of that good woman might ice may realize that we are instruis in it, as Paul said, when he said be answered. ments in the hands of the Lord for

he was not ashamed of the gospel of I wish every one of us could feel the saving of his children and may

Christ. that we could be instruments in the God bless you for the great work you

Along with preparation comes the hands of the Lord to stand at the are accomplishing, I humbly pray, as responsibility we owe to each indicrossroads when we are needed. I feel to bless you all, in the name of

vidual member. Salvation is an in- I like the little story—I guess I will the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

dividual thing. You cannot save in

multitudes or groups. That is where

the teacher comes in, to know the student and to be able to touch his Silent City of Rocks and her life at the proper time.

(Continued from page 719) discovered. Others, crossing the

T would like to tell you a little story to save the wagon train. When they Sierra Nevadas, had found and helped

* of how I think this principle can reached Almo Creek, the wagons had bury members of the illfated Donnerbe aptly applied in a practical way. all been burned and plundered, the Reed Party.

There is a man here in Salt Lake people killed.

easttheir they tramped way Now to to talk a asked highCity who me there Others were who of the twisted the course along went wardpriests a years few night one quorum Silent the City through of Rocks, back. He wanted to come and pick going east instead of west. Humboldt River, turned northward

Silent City the through passed and I I get could up. assured himme first of the were members Some

at of of time. a a Rocks, few Some Ito to chapel. pick the "No, want the of Battalion. These Mormon in their families already found them I of let So, becourse up."you him joined States the United had men of Salt the Lake. Valley Great the

if I let learned anycause have you in the during Iowa Mexican Army one do things for you he will like War. They had marched from there Others did not, and so went on.

you better, so on the way to the to San Diego, California, where they Struggling over the Wasatch Range, chapel he told me this little story: had been discharged. Some had crossing through South Pass, they folHe said that he worked for the stayed on, others had made their way lowed the downward course of the

city of Salt Lake during the war. One northward, then turned again to the Platte River, discordantly traveling

day he was driving up Main Street, east. Members of the Battalion had eastward on the great westward route.

and he saw a boy in uniform in the been at Sutter's Fort when gold was Once they found their families, how766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ever, they turned again to the west Wheat fields have crept up into the Why Share Your Space and [Brigham Young's colony in] Silent City now, replacing the sage with a Swinging Door?

Great Salt Lake Valley. in the lower, flatter areas. Higher

When the first transcontinental up, whitefaced cattle graze over the railroad was completed in 1869, land that once fed the Bannack war travel along the California Trail ponies. The roads are rough, but a

slowly disappeared. But freight and few still come to look at the strange

stage lines from the railroad shot out and fantastic formations. Some still

to the north and south. The Kelton, come to look for the five juniper trees

UtahBoise, Idaho, stage line snaked and the $90,000 in gold. Some come

its way up through the Silent City and read the plaque at,. Almo that

of Rocks, keeping this isolated area tells of the massacre that took place alive as a travel route. almost a hundred years ago. Some

It was here in 1878 that a stagecome to photograph and paint and coach was held up by two bandits listen to the wind whispering through and robbed of $90,000 in gold. One the sage and the aspen and the pine.

bandit was killed and the other died But mostly the Silent City of Rocks in prison'a few years later. The gold is left to the ranchers and the farmers,

was never recovered, nor, according to the pinon jays and the hawks and to the bandit, spent. It was buried the rabbits. a "MODERNFOLD

there in the Silent City of Rocks beUnfortunately it is no longer a part door takes none neath five juniper trees. of a welltraveled route. * MORE SPACE FOR LIVING

* NEW COLORFUL BEAUTY * RIGID - STRENGTH OF STEEL * MOVABLE WALLS These limes

(Concluded from page 690) is the challenge of these times of the modernfoldmindful of John Locke's influential and gospel, the Constitution, and the GodDOORScurrently accepted view that "the Law like life. Has "love from God"given

of Nature stands as an external rule to sufficient "scope"to our minds today, that confined in are not a we, whoall so the Constitution men"; has come For demonstration write or phone ourselves dungeon, can "conduct with It isto its great anniversary. 170th the

political revelation of the 18th century. greater liberality towards all that are ALDER'S not than what they exerof our faith,It reflects glory and on the intelligence Salt Lake City 960 South Main

cise towards one another?"of the framers. It is a gloriouswisdom Phone EM 4-8444

principle entire strikes at the The jail, in 1838standard. a Missouri Men your free Please booklet entitled send me

of questions. modern sociological for Living"IE10. Space this "More 1839, could say the and in same core

paragraph exult that "it is founded in Can the White Citizens'Council of the NAME act towards the with Address of NAACP isthe This God."not wisdom easy South

City.". State

"greater liberality"than that whichto say a from In the dungeon. same

generation, William Lloyd Garrison of they accord one another? Can the

Massachusetts was declaring (1840) that friends of the NAACP act towards thethe Constitution was "a covenant with White Citizens'Councils with "greater mon/z&edeath and an agreement with Hell"liberality"than they accord themselves k FOLDING colored and the are population? These(because slavery thereoperable was BANQUET

tests. hard are harder in There ones to theunder—prior Thirteenth Amendment, adopted in 1865). international relations. Can Khruschev TABLES

associates liberaccord "greater and his It is likely that Smith, Joseph Hyrum Prices & ality"to asDirect Mr. Eisenhower and hisSmith, Wight, Baldwin, Caleb Lyman to Discounts

and Alexander McRae had insight from sociates than they accord to themselves? Schools, Churches,

Nasser, conscious of love Can Lodges, from Clubs,Liberty Jail "Liberty (consider the name,

Institutions and all "greater liberality"to Israel God, accord intoJail") esfundamentals that often cape men. At any rate, they included than to Islam? And vice versa throughin their epistle of March 25, 1839, the out?

Godlike? more become man Canfollowing challenge: TRUCKS storingMONROE Chairs and of the Constitution anniversary The

easy, Forthe truck Each wayTables is love that should a from "There God chairs. handles is ourselves to of the time a good remind Construcstorage permits tion modernFoldingtablesNo. of Truckeither TSCor of exercised those our towardbe space- '"Umi,cd No. Truck of associates TS his Smith and Joseph faith, words

is uprightly, peculiar sizes for 54 Catalog showing and which walk and Writewho written certain that 1839, 25, March Also Tables, Folding Trucks. of and MONROEDiscounts it is itself, prejudice;to without but

Chairs. line of Folding principles to nearer approximate the populartypes

to the it also gives mind, which scope of God; "because it is like God, or mind THE CDMPANY "WCWNK ourselves with us toenables conduct '249 STREET. COLFAX. IOWA Godlike."CHURCH

are all liberalitygreater that towards

Court problems and Supreme As come exerthan they faith,not our what of RANCHES MONTANA decisions reverse themselves, we may princicise another. These towards one States Western Other still feel great in the Consticonfidence - SALE TRADE OR to theples nearer Also—approximate mind of

tution, effort as to rules an embody 10,000 and 40 STOCK DAIRY ACRES OR OR it is like Godlike."or because God,God, all principles to "external listings sent free request men."on Property The

Ill, Italics (Ibid., added. p. 304. is question, always, ) remaining where do

Constitution. of the is the Here nub respect stand with we as individuals to COOKHamilton, REALTYMontana

It is the nub of the gospel of Christ. It the challenge of such principles. (L.D.S. Owned and Operated)

OCTOBER 1957 767 Jet Age Influence Bad is the day for every man when he becomes absolutely satisfied with the life he is leading, with the thoughts he is

The Sunday School teacher told the children to draw a thinking, with the deeds he is doing; when there is not forpicture illustrating a biblical text. One little girl returned ever beating at the doors of his soul some great desire to do

with a drawing of an airplane and a man, woman, baby, something larger which he knows he was meant and intended and a pilot. to do.

"What's this?"the teacher—Phillips Brooks asked.

"The flight into Egypt,"replied the tot. "That's

Mary, Joseph, The Infant Jesus, and Pontius the Pilot."From the same flower the serpent draws poison and the

bee honey. The serpent never seeks the honey, and the

bee ignores the poison.

—Mildred Seydell

An ideal wife is any woman who has an ideal husband.

Good fortune will elevate even petty minds and give them the appearance of a certain greatness and stateliness, as from their high place they look down upon the world; but the

truly noble and resolved spirit raises itself and becomes more Education is what remains when we have forgotten all conspicuous in times of disaster and ill fortune. that we have been taught.—Marquis of Halifax.—Plutarch

There is no limit to the kinds of things which can be done In our country, and in our times, no man is worthy of the to build reverence and worship. The only limit is that honored name of statesman who does not include the highest

which we place on our imagination and ingenuity. practicable education of the people in all his plans of

administration.

—Horace Mann

The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.

—Oliver Wendell Holmes

T love a finished speaker;

Oh, me, I really do;

I don't mean one who's polished;

I just mean one who's through."

Ten "Teen"Commandments 1. Don't let your parents down. They brought you up.

2. Be smart. Be obedient. You'll give orders yourself some

day. 3. Ditch evil thoughts fast or they'll ditch you.

4. Stop and think before you drink or smoke.

5. Showoff driving is juvenile. Don't act your age.

6. Pick the right friends to be picked for a friend.

7. Choose a date fit for a mate.

8. Don't go steady unless you're ready.

9. Love God and neighbor.

10. Live carefully. The soul you save may be your own.

Before you condemn a friend, look to yourself for the Hookey: When a small boy lets his mind wander and

reason for your complaint. then follows it.

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA White Star Tuna—the one with the delicate flavor!

Salads, sandwiches, casserolesall your tuna TO BE SURE, LOOK FOR recipes will be deliciously better with White Star THE MERMAID ON THE LABEL

Tuna...the one with a delicate flavor all its own.

Deliciously better because White Star is prime fillet of tuna...carefully pressure - baked our own special

way. Every morsel moist, firm, so very tender...with

a light, delicate texture that has no equal. May

we suggest you try America's finest tuna soon. '*/&fiiinrnntoarl nu,rU

White Star Tuna, a product of Chicken of the Sea, Inc.

uSHARING THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE"

HAPPY THINGS TOGETHER

witches who once wander-... and while you're banishing those fabled "HalloThe legendary ghostsFAMILIES&DOand

ed abroad on All Hallows Eve have been banished ween Haunters,"why not also get rid of that other it—today by the children... the clowns, like Jimmy ugly specter, Fear of the Future? You can do

with like of other Western thousands families—and Susie, or a fearsome tiger, like little Steve... Plan. It protects your Family Beneficial's Income

who systematically canvass the neighborhood, shoutchildren during their growingup years... it assures

ing, "trick or treat!"Mom and Dad get in the act, your wife the mortgage and billclearance cash she

too... first as makeup artists, and then as comight need... and at the same time builds up cash

conspirators or dispensers of loot... and it's all values for emergencies and sizable retirement bene-

... and all at surprisingly low cost.wholesome family fun. fits for you

Call your local "man with the plan"—your Beneficial Life

agent, or write to this address:

BENEFICIAL UEE (jl/Uutanee

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah