AUGUST, 1935 Return Postage Guarantee-d SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Train for Successful Leadership at the Utah State Agricultural College

Freshman Registration Begins Monday,

September 23rd Upper Classmen, Tuesday, September 24th

Over 900 courses in fifty departments will be offered students of the College. This is your opportunity to

get vital training in your chosen profession, and to increase materially your earning power and value as a

citizen.

Today's emergency is tomorrow's opportunity for college trained men and women. Courses are offered

in the following schools

AGRICULTURE HOME ECONOMICS

FORESTRY EDUCATION ARTS AND SCIENCES ENGINEERING AND

COMMERCE MECHANIC ARTS

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

Write the President's Office for a Catalogue or additional information.

4- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

200 NORTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE, CITY, UTAH

McCune School of Music and Art

Sponsored by the CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

TRACY Y. CANNON, Director

THOROUGH INSTRUCTION IN ALL BRANCHES OF MUSIC, DRAMATIC

ART, AND DANCING

Personal Direction Given to All Whether Beginning or Advanced Students, or

Teachers, or Registered in the Four Year Course Leading to Diploma or Degree,

Bachelor of Music

A FACULTY OF DISTINGUISHED ARTIST TEACHERS:

FACULTY PIANO VIOLONCELLO Tracy Y. Cannon Robert S. Fisher

Frank Asper W.

Jenkins CLARINET, OBOE, BASSOON, Borg Mabel

Becky Almond FLUTE, SAXOPHONE, CORLester Hinchcliff NET, TROMBONE, TRUMPET,

Helen Budge TUBA, FRENCH HORN Viola Taylor Kenneth Roylance Jessie Seamons Taylor Burness C. Salin

Maurine Dewsnup Nephi K. Davis ORGAN

Thelma Caffall Tracy Y. Cannon

Frank W. Asper

VOICE P. Richard Condie HARPLydia White Boothby Margaret Summerhays

DRAMATIC ART VIOLIN and VIOLA Leora Thatcher

Reginald Beales Aurelia C. Shimer DANCING

Kenneth Roylance Margaret Burton

REGISTRATIONS FOR 193536 NOW BEING RECEIVED

MODERATE TUITION FEES—SEND FOR CATALOG

AN INSTITUTIONAL MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF

SCHOOLS OF MUSIC

OUR INLAND SEA

By IDA REES

O briny tears, O bitter heart!

You brood upon the glory of the past

When many valleys held your volume vast,

When oceanwaves pulsated on your sand,

The broad Pacific reached to you her hand.

O silent tears, O lonely heart!

For time has shrunk the measure of your tide,

Has drawn your shoreline down the mountainside,

Has fettered you in arid saline shore,

Embittering your waters evermore.

O endless tears, O sacrificial heart!

In giving up your ancient worldly dream,

And drawing to your soul ambition's beam,

Receding, you make room; arises there

An empire—happy homes and temples fair.

O crystal tears, O purifying heart!

You sheath each mean, disfiguring bit of blight

In arabesque of crystalline delight;

Your treasured hoard you freely give away

To cleanse the rot, the canker, the decay.

O precious tears, O understanding heart!

One lone white sail upon your limpid blue

Is more than world horizon's wideswept view

Your path of moonlit ripples to the shore

More glamorous than the golden fleece of yore.

O prismed tears, O glorifying heart!

The lingering sun anear the western hills

On opalescent grace its splendor spills,

Your diamondstudded loveliness will wed

To all the burnished radiance overhead.

a

<\Jheimprovementr EDITORIALS A New Stake is Driven H. R. M. 496

FourWheeled Dragons H. R. M. 496

Why Drown? H. R. M. 496

The Cover H. R. M 496

Maker of Music E. T". B. 497

Building a Life H. R. M. 497

ARTICLES Life in Perspective William A. Hyde 468

Utah's Governor Harold Jenson 470

Honoring Samuel P. Cowley 474

Carroll 480 Elsie Chamberlain the Eternal City of Rome—Glimpses 483 Million I'll Maxa Seeing You Rome—But 485 Widtsoe A. John Plan Founded in Love The Articles of Faith—TheBe 488 Smith A. Henry in Conference Panorama June

Jensen 494 Katie C. of and Enemies The Challenge Charm—Friends 502 Pinney Gladys Wagstaff PlayWriting Business of Radio The

Netzahualcoyotl, Poet King of Mexico Antoine R. Ivins 5H

J. Heber Grant FICTION A. Widtsoe John

Editors The Shattered Mirror -Blanche Siockdale Burr 473

Harrison R. Merrill, Flying the Covered Wagon John Scott Douglas 478

Elsie Talmage Brandley, The Squeeze Samuel Taylor 498

Associate Editors POETRY Priesthood Organ of the Ida Rees 466 Quo'Our Inland Sea rums, Mutual Improvement. Christ 484 Johnson Tryst With Ray M. Associations and Inspiration of 487—Irvine Wheeler A. Department MyPoem

of Education 493 Redford Edison of His H. the Eve Death)—Grant (On

Published monthly by the If I But Knew, Dona Wayland 501

GENERAL BOARDS OF THE One Day Christie Lund 504

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT Garden Dream -Florence Hartman Toumsend 504

ASSOCIATIONS Choosing -Kerstine Seaman 504

George Q. Morris, General Mgr. Song For a Sunny Day -Gladys Hendrickson 504

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr. A Prayer Mabel West Lillie 504

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. Tethered Gertrude Hood McCarthy 504

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Trail Song Cristel Hastings 504

OFFICES: 504 Voice. Emily Clowes Burke

Street, Salt Lake The SO North Main Hall 504 Lydia of the Mocking Bird The Song City, Utah

Copyright, 1932, by the Young Men's The Spirit of Sportsmanship Sir Henry Netvbotd 509

Mutual Improvement Association Rural Song Afton Clegg 512

Jesus Corporation Church of of the

Christ Saints. of Latterday All AutumnThe Sea and Desire Violet Harris EdithHindvicksinWelch 513515 price, rights reserved. Subscription

$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single Power Ed Tuttle 517

Copy. Rainbow Reverie Mary H. Woolsey 520

Office. at the Post Entered Salt A Summer Day Beulah Rose Stevens 527

as City, secondclass Utah, Lake matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for DEPARTMENTS

in section 1103, Act of October, Priesthood 508 Aaronic Lights and Shadows on the Screen505 2, authorized 1917, 1918. July

1 Music 510 Mutual Messages 506

Ward Teaching 507 Your Page and Ours 528

Purpose "TODAY I saw a picture of the new monument which adorns the summit of the Hill Cumorah in New York

State. It was in the rotogravure section of the New York Times, probably the most outstanding newspaper

in the world today. The presence of that picture in that great daily was a testimony to the force of purpose.

When Joseph Smith announced the event which this monument commemorates, a little over a hundred years ago, he was a mere boy living in a rural community with his parents as thousands of other boys have lived. But that event gave the boy a great purpose in life. He knew, at last, what he wished to do and spent

the remaining years of his life in a grand effort to do it.

The people of New York forced him from the state. His name was anathema to many; his vision just a

hoax. He, however, never wavered. He did not say, "I've done my best; it can't be done."

Now a grateful people has erected the monument on the hill and the New York Times is publicizing thefact. There will be columns of news printed of the occasion—some for, some against, but the same purpose

which placed the monument there, will continue to be potent.

Purpose, at last, chains the forces of the world.

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

By The Late 1 i J. L J j WILLIAM

A. HYDE {Former President of Pocatello of Palestine. He seemed merely a

Stake) man among men. He had not so

SAYING of a wise man holes,much aor home,the birdsas theof the"foxesair hadhad caught my eye. It sank into nests."He preached the new docas words mind sometrine my love, as of the against old one

to germicommencedAtimes do, and for eye of "an an a tooth eye and nate. Said I, "Here is a seed for a tooth."He made friends of

thought, let me cultivate it, and it the poor, and enemies of many of may bring profitable meditation. the rich and powerful. He came,

Straightway I set it down, and here bruised and beaten and spit upon, it is: "The purpose of life is to to ignominous death between

believe, not what the hours, but thieves, with but a few friends what the years and the centuries weeping out their sorrow around say."Thought I, this has the simhim.

plicity and the soundness of scripTo the jeering, as well as to the ture. In its depths, there may be mourning witnesses, what did that

much comfort. It will help me to fateful hour say?

life. of perspective right thehave

it is set profitable not to That disvalue of theIt will me show self one's against cusestablished up of beauty the intance up making traditions. toms and lofty That keeping of advantagea scene—the thoughts cannot be depended upon the of instead eyes upon aheadmy to beat the granite walls of down feet. at things Thenunlovely my prejudice. a wholesome That the order in put toI began down

life philosophy of safely cannot various to which ends my thought run counter to the passions and me, and straightwaywas leading a prejudices in power. of men That of andscore women or more men there is small to bleed comfort on a history of to out flockingcame me cross, followers your turn when arguforto furnish proof my me their again fishing. toment. "I must close my record to

all but a few,"I said regretfully, As we know them, what do and here they follow. twenty centuries say?

Joseph the son of Jacob, for his That unnumbered ages before, virtue was cast into prison. He the Son had his eye on Calvary.

lay in a dark dungeon, in privation That a God descended and rose and loneliness except for the maleagain, to sit on the right hand of factors and evil men around him. power. That one who created the

Here, for ought anyone knew, was world came to save and redeem it.

to terminate a life that had much That sacrifice of self will win a promise for this dreamer. crown. That faith is the great

To those who knew only the necessity in a world of doubt.

superficial circumstances, what did That countless millions from that this hour say? fateful hour have more or less

clearly seen light the ahead. That is virtue not profitable. That

a where few and wept men women succeed, must he is to if oneThat hill, desolate that upon thousands not power, to and obeisancemake listen to his conscience. As we would cheerfully give their lives to

know history, what do the cenadd to that mission and sacrifice.

turies say? Many have suffered by torture

That virtue is a highway to the and burning, because they had the favor of God. That upon one courage to think independently

great act world history may be refusing to follow the beaten path built. That a generation was esof error.

say of such? did the hour What merit. man'stablished upon this

be liSBfefc. % liberate to the It is dangerous should bannerThat his family

carried by worthy men down to the mind. Others have thought for

latest day, and that his life has you, at your peril you disagree.

colored the history of the world. Yet the centuries have canonOne who had within him the ized Galileo, Bruno, and Luther,

essence of divinity, walked the hills and a hundred others who dared

IN PERSPECTIVE to exercise the right to think and men. That a man from the farm a strong, energetic man. He is now

speak. or the work shop may come to doing the work I did in my prime.

wear the mantle of an apostle or He laughed when he recounted his

C)UT of the back woods came a a prophet. That a desert with dipranks. Something I once said,

boy who had the courage to vine help is kinder than a mob. lodged in the heart of a young man,

ask of God a direct, specific quesThat temples grow out of the set him to thinking; today he

tion. God heard him as he hears ashes of martyrs. That the Holy told me of it and his eye beamed

all faith, and from the heavens reSpirit is perennial and life giving. gratitude. There is an ebb and

vealed himself and his Son, and That the growth of the kingdom is flow in the tide of our work, but made answer. With childlike but the evolving of principles, the the mark is ever higher. Our

obedience Joseph Smith set himself whole of which are in the mind of methods are improving and I am to do the will of the Father and the God, and yet to come. sure that there is inspiration at the

world opposed him. He was called helm, and I am content.

a dreamer, a trickster, a scoundrel, AS for you and me, as the hours and for the remainder of his life strike, one after another, what T EST there be a hidden weakness was harassed as few men have do they say? in my text, let me strengthen it

beaten,been. Assaulted, hounded, or another: "This moment with I am disappointed I am weary—slain, finally whileimprisoned, and the to me, belongs only, this hour discouraged. nearly This am—I followershis bewildered dazed and the are in the centuries years and me, a sorrowful day for been has

stood helpless. I stood at the grave of a friend. hands of God."

Before an incredulous world, Today I was sorely tempted. ToThis breath I draw—this hour

what was the verdict of that hour? day a man pressed me for the pay- I live, is mine through the gift of

That one cannot see the unseement of a debt. Today I was misprovidence. I can lay claim to no

able. That one cannot have verbal understood. My troubles never other. I have taken the torch from

answer from God. That you cancome singly, "it never rains but the hand of someone who has prenot set up divine authority against it pours."I am very tired. ceded me. It is for me to bear it,

accepted thought. It was the old When we come to see the whole this hour that I live. Before this

warfare of the Eastern world, reof our lives what shall we say? world was peopled the foundation

vived upon this land of liberty. Life has been an uphill climb, was laid for the church of God.

To nearly a half million folbut the view is splendid at the sumAll who have come and have had lowers, what does the century say? mit. The important thing is that the will to do, have had their part

That a universal man had come I am not in the valley below but to perform. Higher and higher,

upon earth's scene. That mobs upon the mountain top. That pathis edifice, planned by divine archicannot still the voice of the Altience has been more than half of tects, has grown. Happy should I

mighty. That men had rejected a my faith. That I have choice be if I am permitted to put one

philosophy of saving power. That friends with me now and on ahead. stone in the wall. This moment

a light had come into the world That love is the great law. That or this hour that God has given

that the clouds of error could not obedience to God is not servility. me, I must not waste. This hour

dim. That a saving force had come That in my travels I have carried only is mine, I must use it in

building. to bring about the regeneration of my treasures with me—they are in

the world. my mind and heart. That I have And what is there in those cenThe church that this man led battled and striven, I have honest turies ahead?

was momentarily stunned by the scars my body will testify. Surely Only the Father knows. This

tragedy. It was left to pursue, this has been a good life, and its we may assuredly believe, that he

unled for the time, its hazardous pains are not the least valuable. who formed the earth and rolled

and imperiled way. The bones of What does the hour say about it forth into space and said "it is

many of its people bleached upon our work in the church? good,"will see it renewed as a

the plains. Like its founder it was People are slow to learn. They celestial sphere, and will look upon

buffeted and smitten. It was will not bear responsibility. I do it and say, "it is perfect."And it

ostracised from among the family not seem to see the results that shall be given to those who have of accepted Christian churches. Its should come from days of study endured and overcome, and it shall

name was anathema in all lands, and work. Why should I give be their eternal habitation.

and at times, harpies gloated over up the joys of life that other people Let me then have faith and paits impending destruction. have, to serve the unappreciative? tience to wait upon the Lord.

But to us, who remain upon the These are things we sometimes Let me have energy and spirit to stage to bear the work, what does say. What is the answer that the take the place allotted me in the

esthe century say? generation gives? divine program—happy, and

That truth is indestructible. Today I saw a boy who was teeming myself greatly favored if

That the authority of God may hard to manage in my Sunday I am permitted to serve, and perexist quietly and potently among School class. He has grown to be haps to suffer.

UTAH'S G The road is open from the farm home or the city dwelling to the Governor's chair and Henry H. Blood

has climbed it all the way. As boy and man he served

his Church as well as his state and was rewarded by both by being chosen for positions of trust and responsibility. In his home town was a girl—she too, served

an supported her playmate, sweetheart, husband, stake president and Governor.

Blood was born in Kaysville, Davis later removing to the vicinity of

County, Utah, Oct. 1, 1872, the Ogden. Success followed the pioson of William Blood and Jane neer couple who were among the

Wilkie Hooper. His father had founders of Davis County. Goverimmigrated to America for the Gosnor Blood is one of their ten chilpel's sake with two hundred and dren, all of whom are still living.

GOVERNOR HENRY HOOPER BLOOD ten saints in the good ship "Fanny"and arrived in Nauvoo, January "\A77TH this introduction to the 23, 1844. Three weeks after Govsturdy pioneer progenitors of

"All the world's a stage, ernor Blood's father arrived in the Utah's Governor, let us return to

And all men and women merely West, a youngster of only four the subject of this sketch. Sixtyplayers."years, his father, William Blood, two years ago at Kaysville near

1, as previously October died, leaving the mother with midnight H. Sr., born. wasGOVERNOR HENRY stated, a boy three small children A few to support.

BLOOD, Utah's governor, Driven from Nauvoo, they settled hours later in the same block on who assumed office Jan. 2, in Council Bluffs, Iowa, and in the same street a girl was born.

1933, at the State Capitol, is the 1849 started for the Rocky MounThese two children, now very seventh governor of the BeeHive tains, arriving in October. The much in the public eye, grew up

State. No sooner had the echo of next year found William at Kaystogether, were baptized, and bethe Governor's words died away ville, where he started a career on came members of the L. D. S.

than a battery of the 145th Field the farm. His schooling was limChurch on the same day, went to

Artillery saluted with seventeen ited and he grew to manhood Sunday School together, and guns, and the strains of the "Star through the university of hard strange to say as a friend put it,

Spangled Banner"formed a fitting knocks. Governor Blood's mother, "were married on the same day in

climax to the oath of office taken by Jane Wilkie Hooper/was a child of the same church,"and have been the chief executive that he would 8 when she, with her parents, Mr. real sweethearts ever since.

support, obey, and defend the Conand Mrs. John Hooper, arrived in If ever the story "Added Upon"

stitution of the United States and Utah, settling in Kaysville, and were given real exemplification, here the Constitution of this State, and is a real case of a love that has discharge his duties with fidelity. lasted throughout time and

No man ever took office who was promises to last through all eternmore sincere in this oath and no ity.

man ever worked harder to conThe girl in this case is Mrs.

tinue to make the beautiful oasis Blood (Minnie A. Barnes), who

in the desert continue to "blossom is now the first lady of the state.

as the rose."She also came of pioneer stock, and

To paint a word picture of Govthe name of John R. Barnes, her

ernor Blood is a difficult task, for father, will ever live in Davis humility marks his every move. County history. So inextricably

An unassuming man, he is, who have the lives of Governor and talks but little except upon special Mrs. Blood been intertwined from

occasion, and thinks much. The earliest childhood, that to relate

story of the "wise owl"is very the story of Governor Blood's triapplicable to the man who rose umphs without paying tribute to from farmer boy to the highest his valiant wife, would be telling position of honor in the state. only half the story.

As Shakespeare says "thereby hangs a tale,"so going back to CUT of the love for his wife, his biographical history, let's start at home and his children, Govthe beginning. Henry Hooper GOVERNOR BLOOD AT THE AGE OF 2 ernor Blood has drawn the moti470

OVERNOR By HAROLD H. JENSON

vating power of tireless effort sion to Great Britain, laboring which has made no hours too first as president of the Grimsby long. His secretaries are never surConference and later as president

prised night or day when a special of the London Conference. He

early morning or midnight call is served at that time under the direcmade to come to work. In fact, tion of President Francis M. Lywork has been the secret of success man, leaving Utah on the same

of Utah's executive. train with President Lyman and

His boyhood days were spent returning nearly three years later, working early and late on a farm Feb. 1, 1904, with Elder Lyman.

in Kaysville. He had ambitions, Upon his return home he taught

though secretly, for he kept them school for one year at the Brigham always to himself. He was ever Young College at Logan, Cache

trying to fit himself to whatever County, Utah, and then launched MRS. MINNIE BARNESOF THE STATEBLOOD, FIRST LADY

task the day brought. His love for forth on a business career, forsaking

his Church has been outstanding school teaching. in earlier life. Soon the Barnes

and service since youth won him In June, 1905, he was given the Banking Company made him a later in life, the position of presiposition of secretary, treasurer and director. He also became president

dent of the North Davis Stake, manager of the Kaysville Milling and director in the Union State after serving as bishop, Y. M. M. Company, a position which won Bank in Bountiful, director and

I. A. president and Sunday School him many friends for his keen chairman of the executive comsuperintendent. He had been bapjudgment. Later, in 1 9 1 1, he ormittee of Clearfield State Bank at

tized by his father October 23, ganized the UtahIdaho Millers'Clearfield, Utah, director of the 1880, and came up through the and Grain Dealers'Association. Kaysville Cooperative Mercantile

priesthood, serving when a boy as He was tutored in business trainInstitution, secretary, treasurer and president of a Deacons'Quorum. ing by John R. Barnes, for whom director of the Kaysville Livestock

In 1901 he was called on a mishe worked in the Kaysville Coop. Company, the Kaysville Stock and

Dairy Company, director of Z. C.

M. I. and of other companies. On

March 20, 1917, he was appointed by Governor Simon Bamberger as a member of the Public Utilities

Commission of the State of Utah.

Later he headed the State Road

Commission.

AS member and chairman of the State Road Commission he made countless friends, and gave

Utah's roads careful and studious attention, helping improve many of the highways and byways, which never otherwise would have been built. His rise

to governorship came almost unexpectedly. In fact, he has never

sought office. Some have honors

thrust upon them and seemingly this was the case, for Governor

Blood was chosen almost at the last minute, a "dark horse"as it were, and carried the state by a big majority. He has taken his office

very seriously and has been deliberate in his judgment, a characteristic

GOVERNOR AND MRS. HENRY H. BLOOD

AND FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

of a man who never makes a move The immediate family of GovChurch, his love for the "only without thought of what the reernor Blood consists of two sons sweetheart he has ever known,"action will be on his fellowmen. and two daughters. The sons are and above all his love for his

He even retains friends though Dr. Russell H. Blood, of PhiladelGod, his family, and his state,

opinions may differ. Governor phia and Alan B. Blood, engaged working early and late to make

Blood's life is not all work and no in banking business in Kaysville. Utah share in the headline place she

play. He has a hobby and this is Hazel, the eldest daughter, is now has always taken among the sister

studying history, poetry and writMrs. David J. Ellison and lives in states of the west; a friend to

ing. Instead of golf, his keenest Salt Lake. Evelyn, the youngest all, both rich and poor, without

enjoyment is to get a book, fordaughter, unmarried, is a student at prejudice and with charity for all.

getting worries of state, with such writers as Longfellow, Bryant, the University of Utah, greatly inThe fact that he was chosen

Whittier, Whitman, Emerson, or terested like her father and mother president of the Western Associaancient or medieval history, and he in dramatics. There is one grandtion of Highway Officials in 1927,

loves music, drama and art. As child, the son of Dr. Russell H. a position he held until 1931, when

a young man he headed the KaysBlood and his wife, who was the he resigned to enable him to take ville Home Dramatic Club, and former Lou Jean McKay, daughter on greater duties as President of played leading the American man, while his Association of wife played State Highway leading lady in Officials, shows amateur plays. that even those

He is also outside his interested i n own state, apgenealogical preciate his work, a 1- service in rethougth h i s membering time is so limwhat he did to ited he cannot build up westgive time to it. ern roads; in

As a youth 1929 he was Governor elected regional Blood had vicepresident journalistic asof the Ameripirations, takcan Associaing a correstion of State pondence Highway Officourse in jourcials. In 1930

nalism, later he was made writing for the president o f Salt Lake pathis organizapers, among tion consisting them the old of hundreds of Salt Lake Herroad officials ald, the Salt Lake Tribune and the THE GOVERNOR'SSTATERECEPTIONCAPITOL ROOM, UTAH and engineers from every state in

Deseret News. the Union.

of President and Mrs. David O. Since his inauguration, Gover-

'THE blood of the Bloods holds McKay. nor Blood has been made chairman

a record for splendid health In summarizing the characterof the Western Governor's conferand longevity. Although not a istics of Utah's governor, there is ence, which embraces the eleven

robustlooking man, Governor one dominant trait outstanding, western states. He still holds that

Blood can stand the gaff when and that is honesty. Even at the position.

many much stronger men go unage of 21 when elected city reThe end is not yet, for like many der, for he does not lack in sticktocorder and reelected for several other Utah officials, Governor itiveness. He comes of a family terms, later as county treasurer of Blood will be heard from in other

noted for longevity. In addition to Davis County from 1897 to 1901 honored positions, ecclesiastical and

Governor Blood his father and and minute clerk of the state senotherwise.

mother had four boys and five girls, ate since 1901, to the time he was all of whom are still living, the chosen a member of the Public baby of the family being 47 and the Utilities Board, and then head of eldest 71. In a total of 144 births the State Road Commission, not

extending over a periof of 70 years one scandal or dishonest thing has there has never been an adult death. marred his good name.

All of the deaths totaling 12 have He stands firm in his convictions, been children, a record said to be a stalwart defender of what he remarkable in the annals of Amerthinks is right, fearless and unican health statistics. ashamed to admit his love for his

THE SHATTERED

7 By MIRROR BLANCHE STOCKDALE BURR

Hozo was a 'Navajo maid with much of the

Navajo superstition in her. All of us, perhaps, do a

little mirror shattering occasionally.

T,HE beads on Mrs. Italian cypress trees which surMoore's dressing table were as red rounded it pointing like slim green HOZO

and as round as the sun when it fingers high into the heavens.

set out in the painted desert, Hozo, the Navajo girl, thought. She ilOZO'S whole family the cart and sat on the floor beside

wanted them immensely. Her first were employed by the Moores to the boxes of fruit. Her father took

impulse was to snatch them and do the work on the ranch. Mrs. the driver's seat and started the

hide them quickly in her pocket. Moore had been laboring with ponies. A few moments later

But she knew that would be stealthem, trying to make them underHozo was riding creakily into ing, for they were Mrs. Moore's stand the principles of the gospel. Mesa, a silent, stolid little figure

beads. Every morning and evening they bumping along in a rattly old cart,

Then there was something else came into her home to join in the her fingers clutching the big round

ideal Mrs. Moore would explain to them She hoped her father would notbeads—athat stoodpicturebetweenthat herwas andan the family prayers and at that time beads in her pocket.

painted deeply in her memory some part of her religion. drive by the temple that day, for

the vision of a beautiful building The Indian family were already she knew that she would not dare with walls tall and white as the eager to join the Church, but Mrs. even gaze upon it, unworthy as she

sandstone cliffs of the painted Moore could see that their primwas, but unerringly he headed for desert. For the past year Hozo had itive minds had not yet compreit. Though she sat with head

been trying to live so that she hended its full meaning. She knew bowed, eyes cast on the floor of the

would be worthy to enter inside that the faith they gave the elders cart, she knew just when they were this house and she knew that the who came to administer to Hozo's passing it. Through the corner of

theft of the beads would render her mother when she was sick would her lowered lids she saw dimly each ineligible. be as willingly given to the mediwhite pillar with its Grecian urn

Nearly every afternoon she cine man who performed magic out at the top and each iron picket of would climb into her father's in the painted desert. She could the tall fence that enclosed the

rattly old cart when he hauled see in Hozo's worship of the temple grounds. She knew just when they

boxes of oranges and grapefruit the pantheistic or natureworship- had come to the rectangular lake from Mr. Moore's ranch east of ing religion of her forefathers and that lay in front of the temple, and

Mesa, Arizona, to a dealer south realized that were Hozo in the though she did not have the courof town and would ride past this desert she would manifest equally age to look up at the building itself building, which was the Mesa as much reverence for the sandshe felt as though she must at least temple. She always gazed at it stone cliffs. So she was leading see its reflection in the lake, which

wonderingly, worship in her eyes, them by slow degrees from the usually was a perfect mirror. Aland longed for the time when she worship of their ancestors to this ways placid, one could see the glorand her family would have the new religion which held such great ious image inverted in the blue,

privilege of going through to be promises for their race. blue water, the tall cypress trees

sealed to each other. Always when But Hozo, much as she wanted which overtowered the temple outshe saw it her beautyloving soul to go inside the chaste white temlined clearcut as pencils. Always

craved for the skill of her grandple, still felt the lure of the beads. in the lake the sky looked much

mother who wove rugs of exquisite Each one was like a glowing sun bluer than the real sky overhead.

design outside her hogan in the and seemed to burn itself deep into But today when Hozo peered painted desert. Hozo wanted to her desire. Almost before she knew into the lake she was filled with

weave a blanket with the temple it she had grabbed them, put them horror. Her mirror had been shatas a design. She could vision the into her pocket and had run out tered. Instead of the perfect recompleted rug to the minutest deto the hut where they lived on the flection she had expected to see,

tail, the temple motif repeated again edge of the ranch. the waters were gray and sullied

and again throughout the blanket, Her father had the cart packed and showed nothing of the temple its tall marble walls dead white with fruit and the ponies hitched towering above it. Even now she

against the red and blue backto it ready for immediate departure. dared not look back at it as they

ground of sunset skies, the tall, Without a word she climbed into (Continued on page 487)

HONORING

and rightthinking Americans who had become sick of the reign of terror brought on by wellarmed and desperate characters.

Long before that, however, Inspector Cowley had won the hearts and the trust of his superior, brother, and subordinate officers in the Department of Investigation. It was his sound judgment, his

trustworthiness, his determination which had singled him out as the man of all of the men of the department who would be most likely to run to earth the men who were doing so much damage outside the law.

The remains of Inspector Cowley were brought to Utah for interment. His body lay in state in the comparatively new Utah

State capitol where a guard of honor kept silent vigil as throngs passed the casket to pay homage to this man who gave his life in the defense of peace and order. This was a signal honor.

The funeral services, as befitted a hero, were held in the L. D.

S. Assembly Hall on Temple Square at 12 o'clock, noon, December 2, 1934. Special representatives of the Department of

Investigation, Washington, D. C, were present at the request of

the department. The speech of Harold Nathan, assistant director,

Division of Investigation, is quoted here almost in its entirety because it recounts the details connected with Samuel P. Cowley's

association with the department.

Other speakers at the services were: Harold W. Langton,

Bishop of the Seventeenth Ward; Edgar Brossard, president of

the Washington, D. C. Branch and brotherin-law of Samuel P.

Cowley; Gus P. Backman, secretary of the Salt Lake City Chamber of Commerce; John A. Widtsoe, a member of the Council of

SAMUEL P. COWLEY Twelve Apostles;Service; HenryHaroldC.Nathan,Taggar assistantt, captain director,United StatesDivisionSecretof

Investigation; Henry H. Blood, governor of the state of

eighteen barely January, a lad years Utah; Elbert D. Thomas, United States senator from years ago last EIGHTEEN of Jesus the Church for to fill a mission his home of age, left

Christ of Latterday Saints in the Hawaiian Islands. He remained

nearly four years preaching the Gospel of Jesus Christ to that

Upon his return he entered the Utah State Agricultural College from which he was graduated in 1925. Later he was graduated

from George Washington University as a lawyer.

That lad was Samuel P. Cowley, son of Mathias F. and Luella

Parkinson Cowley. On both sides of his family, he came from

stock that had given splendid service to the Church.

Last year, having joined the Department of Investigation,

Washington, D. C, and having by his calm, keen judgment risen

to the position of Inspector, Samuel P. Cowley was appointed

by his chief, J. Edgar Hoover, to apprehend or eradicate three notorious and unusually dangerous public enemies—John Ddlinger, known as Public Enemy No. 1, "Baby Face"Nelson, and

"Pretty Boy"Floyd.

Because Inspector Cowley, still Elder Cowley, entered upon that mission with a zeal such as he had exhibited during his missionary work and because he was called upon "to give the last full measure of devotion"to his country and to his superior officers, these tributes of the many which Were offered him, are being printed here.

On November 27, 1934, Inspector Cowley, in the discharge of his duty met a carload of public enemies near Barrington, Illinois, and was fired upon by the desperadoes. Inspector Cowley and

his companion officer, Herman E. Hollis, returned the fire, killing

"Baby Face"Nelson, though they, themselves, were both slain,

Mr. Hollis instantly.

Inspector Cowley, however, lived long enough to tell William

Gallagher, a state highway patrolman who came upon the scene, to "take care of my partner first,"and to be carried to a hospital at Elgin, Illinois, where he died ten hours later, leaving his father and mother, his wife and two sons, his brothers and sisters and hosts of friends to mourn his tragic death.

The success of his campaign against John Dillingec, in which he was ably assisted by Melvin Purvis, and his aids of the Chicago office, had caused the name of Inspector Cowley to be flashed upon the front pages of alt of the great and small newspapers of LaVON CHIPMAN COWLEY AND HER TWO SONS, SAMUEL

America and had enshrined him as a hero in the hearts of loyal PARKINSON AND JOHN FOSS COWLEY

P.SAMUEL

Utah; and George Albert Smith, a member of the council of the twelve Apostles.

In addition, letters of condolence from various prominent people of the United COWLEY

States Department of Investigation, including one from J. Edgar Hoover, the chief of

the department of investigation, Homer

Cummings, Attorney General, and Judge God Bless You! God Keep

Oscar were received and McConkie, read. You! dedicated the grave F. Cowley Mathias

of his slain son. By Honorable Harold Nathan

furnished music Appropriate was by Assistant Director, Division of soJessie Williams, the Swanee Singers, prano; the Evans'Sisters Trio; Jessie Investigation

contralto; Sisters'Trio; Lindsay Evans, and HAVE been commissioned and Quartette. Male Interment the Hawaiian

took place in the Wasatch Lawn cemetery. instructed by John Edgar

Memorial Services were held in the

Washington, D. C. Chapel on Sunday,

December 16, 1934, where Samuel P.

Cowley had acted as a Sunday School teacher during much of the time he spent in Washington. He held the office of

Elder in the Church. His wife was LaVon

Chipman, Salt Lake City, whom he married Aug. 31, 1929, in the St. George

Temple.

Other necessary details will be found in the speech of Mr. Nathan.

LUELLA PARKINSON MATHIAS FOSS AND Elder in was, sense, a gunCowley no COWLEY folChristian, a killer. a man, was a He

lower of the Master. His vocation, however, had forced him into a role that Hoover to come here for the purundoubtedly was not to his tiking, but pose of attempting to express the

like the himself hero courageous he proved to be, soul love, respect and honor that we of he gave his whole accepted and to the task of upholding the law and safethe Division of Investigation, from guarding the constitution. His example the highest to the lowest, feel for

will ever shine. our departed comrade. Mr. Hoover,

only an hour ago, telephoned me and requested me to emphasize the fact that the deepest grief was for the loss of a close personal friend;

and, secondly, was his sorrow at the loss of a high division executive.

Samuel P. Cowley, Sam Cowley

as his friends knew him, Inspector

Cowley as was his official title, came to us from these communities.

We are bringing him back, a national martyred hero. The columns

of the press are replete with his exploits, and men, women and children in all parts of the country know him now. He is famous,

and justly so.

And yet Sam Cowley was one of the simplest men I ever knew.

He was greatly simple. He was

simply great. His was the simplicity of the saints, seers, and

heroes of the ages, the simplicity of true worth, of true dignity, of true

REMAINS OF SAMUEL P. COWLEY LYING IN STATE, GUARDED BY A GUARD OF HONOR AND BEING VISITED BY ADMIRING BOYS honor. And this being so, it be475

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 -]&

hooves me who knew him well to produce a memorandum brief, acrapidly he progressed in the comspeak simply, in but few words, curate, succinct, containing only paratively short time he was with of my knowledge of him. He disthe essential facts. His mind cut the Division. He served as Special

liked pretense and formality. cleanly to the heart of any controAgent at Los Angeles, Detroit,

I think he might have smiled at versial matter. Fate, and the enWashington, D. C, Butte, Chibeing the center of ceremonies such actment of new legislation by Concago, and Salt Lake City. His

as these. He would have abhorred gress, forced him to play a part for work and ability were unanimously

any artificial, stilted eulogy. I which I believe he had little taste, praised by every Special Agent in

knew him well, very well. I bebut which he played out to the end Charge under whom he served. In

lieve I was closer to him than anywith marvelous success. recognition of this universal approone else in the Division at Washbation he was appointed to the

ington or in the field. I am telling T-JE entered the service of the Dirank of Division Supervisor at

you what I know of him, not what vision of Investigation in Washington in October, 1932. He

I have heard to be true. March, 1929. He was selected worked directly under Mr. Vincent

H Esplendidcame to theeducationalDivision withback-a hisfromoutstandingmany applicantsability, andbecausefor noof Hughes,Vince diedwhoin Januarywas myof thisassistant.year:

ground. He had a B. S. degree other reason. He had no political heart disease, the doctor said. He

from the Utah State Agricultural influence, or if he did, he did not was stricken in the office. We layCollege, and an L. L. B. degree employ it in any way. Mark how men thought that overwork and

from George Washington Univerover-strain might have been a consity, at Washington, D. C. Why tributing factor.

he chose our service as his life work Vince always talked favorably

I am not certain. He may have of Sam Cowley.

felt that in this field he could best On July 1st, 1934, he was proserve his fellowmen and at the moted to the rank of Inspector. At

same time develop his professional that time the press and public were knowledge and talents. He was demanding that the depredations of

not a thiefcatcher. He never was Dillinger be ended by the Govern-

a killer. He appeared to me always ment. Inspector Cowley was sent

to be of the student type, retiring on special assignment for that purand modest, almost shy. It seems pose to Chicago, and placed in full

strange that he should now be charge of all field activities with a looked upon as the nemesis of view to Dillinger's location and apbandits. prehension. How well he sueHe would have made a splenEXHIBITBUILDING,IN NEW WASHINGTON,DEPARTMENT D.OFC. JUSTICE ceeded is a matter of current hisdidly successful practicing attorney In the reception room of J. Edgar Hoover, in the tory. He was not transferred to

in the higher, more complicated new Department of Justice Building, Washington, the field. He has never been transforms of litigation. He had a exhibitD. C, aboveis thiswhichcaseoccupyingcontaininga lonethepositionDillingeron ferred to the field. In the magnifisplendid mentality, not unduly theP. Cowiey.wall is thisSaysframedChief pictureHoover:of InspectorInspector SamuelCowley cent new Department of Justice

imaginative, but of the keenly "had to his credit the solution of the most imBuilding at Washington there is analytical type. I have seen him tionportantduringcases thehandledpast bytwothe years,Divisionincludingof Investigathose now an office assigned to Inspector

take a score of voluminous files 'Prettyinvolving Boy'John Floyd,Herbert andDillinger,Lester CharlesJoseph ArthurGillis, Cowley, with his name upon the containing a mass of material and alias 'Baby Face'Nelson."door, and parking space reserved

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 for him in the building. Who will on the part of the criminals, Inmanhood. He acted as we all

occupy it now? Who can possibly spector Cowley himself, accomknew he would if confronted by

replace him? God only knows. panied by Special Agent Hollis, ensuch a situation. He went down,

Concurrently with his work in countered Nelson and his companbut his gun was blazing and he was the Dillinger case Inspector Cowion in an unexpected location. shooting straight. It was his bulley was in full charge on special Cowley's plans had been prepared lets that killed Nelson. A horassignment of all investigative acwith his usual meticulous care, rible price to pay for the end of a

tivity having for its object the apthoroughness and sound judgment. desperate human being, yes, but

prehension of those responsible for He was always careful. Had these this is the price that civilization has

the kidnaping of Edward Bremer plans been successfully consumalways demanded of its defenders.

of St. Paul, Minnesota. Inspector mated, the fugitive would have Civilization is built upon the blood

Cowley was also in full charge of been cornered by a sufficient force, of its martyrs and the tears of its field activities which resulted in the in such a manner that the awful widows and orphans.

location and slaying of Charles price would never have been exInspector Cowley ended his

Arthur, alias "PrettyBoy"Floyd. acted. But it was not to be. career in the Division with the

His last final triumph you all Cowley and Hollis encountered third highest position classification know. It is history. He traveled them. The gangsters swung into at its disposal. I am violating no

from coast to coast, from southern action, and our friend of the anaconfidence when I say that Mr.

Florida to northern Minnesota, in lytical mind, cool, calm, dispasHoover had further promotion and pursuit of Nelson. Finally, through sionate, gentle, displayed the courgreater responsibilities in store for

an utterly unforseen change in plan age which was the glory of his (Continued on page 518)

CCOSOCOSOCOOCOSCCCCOOOSOCOOCCOSS

# office ofFederalthe directorBureau of Investigation justice of \.--.- *>; u. s. department c. d. washington,

June 24, 1935 Mr. Harrison R. Merrill,

Associate Editor, The Improvement Era, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dear Mr. Merrill:

With the passing of Samuel P. Cowley on November

28, 1934, the Federal Bureau of Investigation suffered a heartbreaking loss. From the time he entered the service

of the Bureau as a Special Agent on March 11, 1929, to his untimely death, he demonstrated outstanding ability and devotion to duty, in consequence of which he had attained one of the highest positions which it is in the power of the Bureau to bestow, namely, that of Inspector.

As time went on, he was making himself more and more indispensable to the Bureau. Then his career was abruptly

ended in a death battle with the forces of crime, against which he had been a relentless enemy. He died as he

lived, with unfaltering courage.

The gangster bullets which ended his career, not only removed a valuable worker in the cause of law enforcement, but also deprived the Bureau of an inspiring figure.

Possessed of a striking personality, magnetic charm, a pleasing manner, sincerity, fairmindedness, and a spotless moral character, combined with intelligence, wide knowledge and understanding, he typified man at his best.

I I am sure his spirit and example have so firmly impressed themselves on the lives of those with whom he came in contact that they themselves are finer for having known him.

When the final chapter was written, Samuel P. Cowley

had done his part to make the world a better place in which to live.

UNVEILING MRS. PLAQUE LaVON CHIPMAN PLACED THE COWLEY IN THE Sincerely yours,

U. S. BUILDNG NISTRATION ADM! KAPPA CHAPTER A. C, BY THE GAMMA

OF SIGMA CHI, SAM'S FRATERNITY, JUNE 2, 1935 J. Edgar Hoover.

By jhn scott douglasFLYING THE COVERED WAGON Lance Freeman offered to overtake a train in an isn't he working for your Uniold plane referred to derisively by the mechanics as the versal Airport at Lima?"

Covered Wagon. The old crate had its weaknesses laughedThe manharshly.with the"Becauseaquiline therenose

but the heart in the cockpit was strong. were things I wanted to find out,

and having a man I could trust here was the best way to find tHem

ROS- "Mr. Rossiter!"Lance exclaimout, see? I knew the A. T. C. L.

to lease either your airwas going to be going the Atcific eagerly. ed "So we'reSITER, PresidentGRANTof port or mine."your crossLines, shook onTransContinental of the stations one

his shaggy head as he glanced at his country route? I'm glad. Free- "Well, they leased ours, if you

watch. lance pilots are few and far between want to know,"Porter grunted.

"Just twenty minutes to catch these days. I hope we can serve The dark stranger who called

the K. C. 8 S. F.,"he muttered. you well."himself Hull laughed unpleasantly.

"Afraid I can't wait for that conThe old man glanced at Porter, "That's what you think! But

tract to be typed."and inclined his head just percepthat contract you signed and which

is going to sign reads Tom Porter, owner of the tibly. "I must run now."Rossiter

Union Airport of Sierra Blanca, "I can run you down to the 'Universal'and not 'Union'Airlooked inquiringly at the blackstation,"Lance offered. port! Get it? Rossiter is leasing

haired young pilot whose fingers "Fine! Let's go then."my airport and not yours!"

were racing over the typewriter Porter half rose from his seat keys. Clyde Hull glanced up from and then sat down heavily.

the contract form in the machine. iHEY got into Lance's he sput- "You—you—you—"hill the flivver hurried and down tered, fell then and silent. "Why "I'll in ten minutes,"be through

Sierra Blanca. They toward are telling this?"you me seven."promised.he "Perhaps the as just station K. the reached

eyes Hull's glowed. dark said, "BeRossiter wait!""Can't stop. a Lance to F. came ris- C. & S. I've cause the to get have laugh wanted toing. to Phoe- "Have down case brief Rossister's and seized Mr.

a time, for Porter! long there. to on airport younix an But bid on to carried satchel them small and

all details competition been are agreed You've the making of sale stiff for reputation contract the needs onlyupon; my the steps of the train. pretty me. My

signature. You can shoot it along "The Union will be one of a will be made when the A. T. C.

to me tonight by air mail."chain of airports now,"Mr. Ros- L. planes stop at the Universal."

Tom Porter arose, extending his sitertrain said,to start.as they waited for the

eyes Rossiter. "Certainly,hand. Mr. Porter's cerwill "It laughed. Lance fix blazed. that!"roared. "We'll he take Fe to can Santa it upSomeone

little us a lot of help tainly out reach before Rossiter "We'll airyour mail; orto catch the perhaps

travel plane fellows. Independent

! it reach son can Teleto catch Dentados Los can send along youwe

is scarce uncertain."and the train!"graph at Dentados, Mexico. Los New

airport. returned to the Lance telling if this there you was aOneFreeman—."more thing. About young The train pulled out then, and "Try it! Do you suppose I'd be across was running Clyde Hull for the chance to stop the signing you Mr. Rossiter shook his shaggy

head, frowning. "Too young, I'm drome for a takeoff when he of the contract? The train doesn't

afraid. Twentytwo, did you say? parked his flivver beside the hangmake a stop until it reaches Los

ars. The I like for Except, young pilot turned to Dentados. his of course, record, but—."the greaseballs: of Porter water at the water to a lithe, sunone pointed El Vejecito

bronzed young man crossing the "Where's Clyde going?"tank. And try to land a plane

apron of the drome. "There he is. "Taking a contract to be signed anywhere near there! Rocks and

I'd like you to meet him, anyway."at Los Dentados,"returned the canyons and no humans within

Mr. Rossiter picked up his pearlmac. several miles in case of a smashgrey felt, setting it carelessly on Lance nodded, thinking: "That up!

his leonine head. "Looks commust be the contract with the A. T. Porter's eyes were bleak. "We'll

. Use your own judgment, When he entered the office, a up the K. C. 8 S. F. station. "Say, petent!sug—You might do as you C. L. Lifesaver for us, too!"find out about that!"He called

Porter!"hawkfaced stranger was talking is there any way to reach the train

Lance Freeman entered the office to Porter. Porter's face was which just left by telegraph? At

at that moment, a smile on his huflushed. Los Dentados? No; before that!

morous mouth. His grey eyes met "You mean to say your name's There isn't? Well, I'll send a

Mr. Rossiter's frankly as Porter inHull and that your son is Clyde telegram there, though it's likely

troduced them. Hull, one of our pilots? Why to be too late."

-4- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

:>.:. -.;-.-.;;..:::>:. --:,.. -;,:-.y r>:5-:vy/y:o->>:<W, 5'':'--:.":Vflr.''-:-v.-v -sj

*f

"v.% J:KiSiaii>iK:iSi>;;Ji:;K: SjgSS&S&QE&f X&SsKSwSSfB) v*j \**V

Illustrated by Clyde would have substituted the to help him roll the old ship out

J. S. SLOAN name of his father's airport for onto the tarmac. It wobbled like

ours."a fat goose as they did so.

"Just a minute!"Porter cried, Lance climbed into the big cockHe turned savagely on Hull. as Lance started out of the door. pit, where even his large frame was

"And now you can get out!""Have you any cushions?"nearly lost.

When he was gone, Lance's Lance's red brows knitted. "Contact!"he called.

strong face was anxious. "We'll "Cushions?"One of the mechanics grinned

have to do something, Tom! I'll "In case you make a hard landand swung the prop. Lance revved

the for plane ancient up minmany thetake only one ing! plane—it's

it utes, in quivered violently and thein the grinned, door shut Lance and myhangars—."fabric. every brace inch of and bitterly: Porter Cushions! Porter him. laughed behind Tom

called to Finally to he someone fixed the never Lance plane spoke Gussie about old up? you"That

Nothing doing! It's all right for had bought and reconditioned himkick the chocks. At that moment

moderate speeds when there isn't a self without being caustic in his he heard a call from the direction heavy wind. But that 'covered comments. He was the one who of the office and turned.

wagon'you own is ninetenths had dubbed it "The Covered Lance's ears burned. Tom

blind spot and it would fall to Wagon."His criticism was justiPorter was running across the field

the his cushion of swivel with large, respect. ifpieces in that pushed you fied you The Why."it. chair. restrain not could a Lance less it visibility planedon't clumsy had burn up—grin as his he pushed forward on It to plane have. said grimly. than ought "Listen!"any Lance

"I know it's an old wreck. But had been built when one plane was stick to bring up the tail of the

it's the only crate on the field. about the maximum in the air in old Gussie.

And we have to reach Rossiter beone locality at one time. It lumbered across the field and

fore he signs that phoney contract. Cushions, indeed! climbed precariously. Not many

I never could have believed that Lance tersely told the greaseballs (Continued on page 524)

ROME

Glimpses of

""77s the centre To which all gravitates. One finds no rest

Elsewhere than here. There may be other cities

That please for awhile, but Rome alone

Completely satisfies. It becomes to all

A second native land by predilection,

And not by accident of birth alone."

- Longfellow.

monuments reflecting the splendor town, from a town to a walled of her past. city, to a small nation, to a re-

I saw her history unroll as she public, to a world empire looking changed from a sheepfold to a down from her seven hills. Then

I saw her doom and the misery she endured when sacked and devastated by Goths and Saracens and torn by internal wars. Then her

revival under the patronage of her

OBELISK Popes and Cardinals and patrician families as they vied in repairing her

first evening my places in in building the which newAFTER old churches and monuments and reflect feel are still her pride the could the magic and Rome I spell the poet was under grandeur of her golden age.

when he wrote those words, for my After this picture of the city's first glimpse of the Colosseum was past came a feeling for the great with the shrouding mystery of an Colosseum itself, with its circumItalian moon shining through those ference of onethird of a mile, and great silent arches, the vast ruin its external wall more than a huncovering its six acres, softened and dred and fifty feet high, the largest dreamlike. As I gazed upon its structure of its kind ever built. I

twothousand-yearold crumbling tried to imagine 50,000 Romans walls, the history of the Eternal which it used to accommodate in

City seemed to pass in panoramic their bright togas streaming vision before my eyes—-the old through the innumerable arches to

days of her glory when Rome was the five vast circles of seats to watch mistress of the world, the seat of a gladiatorial combat. I tried to

empire, of Christendom, in herself a world. I seemed to see all that

had brought her greatness in art, religion, history, those powerful forces which have left their traces MONUMENT F still. VICTOR EMANUEL

I beheld the old days of Pagan II AND TOMB OF antiquity, the birth of Christianity, ITALY'S UNKNOWN the rise of Byzantine civilization. SOLDIER

I saw her struggles and transformations in the early Middle Ages.

I viewed old scenes of the thirteenth century when she was under religious supremacy, and saw the golden pageant of her Renaissance.

I witnessed all these epochs covering her with their priceless works which still live in her innumerable

By ELSIE CHAMBERLAIN CARROLL the Eternal City

Who has not dreamed of seeing "The Eternal

City?"Many of us can see it only through the eyes

of others. This article gives one glimpses of places

which have figured in one ys dreams.

picture mighty Titus after his return from his conquest of Jerusalem J?LS1E CHAMBERLAIN CARin A. D. 80, eight years after the ROLL, well known writer of THE PANTHEON

building was commenced by his Utah and a teacher of English

Literature and at Brigham predecessor, Vespasian, Emperor St. seeing at in my pleasure University, recently spent him Young splendor coming in regal through least of part Peter's and at in Europe. months some Church During

high central arch to inaugurate the her stay she visited Rome and the Vatican. I did not know bethere three ceremonies held for while there impreshun- wrote her is city indethe fore Vatican that

sions. Carroll Mrs. written has years. dred of the ten I thought people of pendent 600 Rome. The stories, short many poems, and thousand furnished men, with structhe live of there serials. on top history who and of A student

weapons and always kept in readiliterature, she took much to ture are under the direct rule of the these for ness sports, and wondered consequently, Rome, and their even have and was Pope own coin, able to carry felt much away with as they the tournaments how cosin picturesque guards Swiss her. near they and drew saw the when Michelangelo) (designed tumes by

animals come roaring from the artiof dark blue with trimmings of ficial caverns in the middle of the silver and red on their caps and colarena. I wondered, too, about the lars, are to be seen everywhere.

Christians who perhaps had been St. Peters, one of the wonders of

tossed to beasts within that wide the world, considered the most stucircle to entertain a throng of hatpendous of all, is built on the old ing Pagans. It seemed in the mooncircus ground of Nero's villa. Nolight that the old gray walls were where else in the world -is there

thronged with ghosts of past ages, anything like it. Its stateliness and

but the grandeur of the spectacle magnificence cannot be imagined.

with all its associations, held me For nearly 200 years the greatest in a thrall. masters of the Renaissance exerted

their genius upon it and exhausted

HAVE long wished I might all the resources of their art. More

sometime go to the Vatican and than forty Popes lavished their perhaps see the Pope. I did not treasures in this unparalleled sancsite the tuary which stands on see the Pope, but I forgot all about s'JM&7JWS*W first Chriswhere thousands of the

tians suffered martyrdom.

According to tradition, St. Peter

was executed in the middle of the

THE APPIAN WAY old circus ground, at the foot of

WHERE PETER the great obelisk which now stands

HAD HIS VISION in front of the church. Close to

OF CHRIST the old circus existed a cemetery where the martyred Christians were buried. St. Peter was first

entombed there and it is over his grave that the church was later built. In the Church of Saint

Sebastian over Catacombs of early

Christians I saw the supposed footprints of Christ left at the time

Peter, fleeing from Rome along the

Appian way, was stopped by a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 >

vision of his Master who, in anof the Popes of the fifth century wide and containing 1 1,000 rooms.

swerVadis?"—"Lord,to Peter's "Dominiewhither goestQuo andby thecontainsgreatestmarvelousartists ofmonumentsthe world. treasuresIt holds ofwithinart andits literature.walls pricelessThe

to Many precious relics are kept here, library, founded in 1450, now conThou?"—replied, "To Rome

be crucified,"giving Peter the coursuch as the dalmatic of Pope Leo tains the most valuable collection age to turn back and face his doom. III worn at the coronation of of books and Mss, in the world,

In the Church of Saint Peter in Charlemagne, A. D. 800, upon more than 374,000, none of which

Chains, built in 442, as a receptacle which is embroidered in gold and is visible, all being inclosed in for the chains, I saw the chains silver the representation of the illuminated cupboards, so that of which are reputed to have bound Savior in glory, and the transfigu- a library there is no appearance

St. Peter. ration. whatsoever. Ranged along the

The greater church, built to the The old church of St. Peter, once middle of the hall and the alcoves

martyred disciple, St. Peter, is the on the same site as the present, was are all sorts of precious objects,

largest in the world and records in approached by thirtyfive steps gifts of foreign potentates, jeweled full on its floor its size compared which the pilgrims ascended on crowns, replicas of great cathedrals, with the other most famous their knees. At the present time ornaments, everything one might

cathedrals. Leading from the large near the Church of St. John is a imagine of beauty and significance.

piazza surrounded by marble colflight of holy stairs supposedly One of the most interesting secumns and statues, opposite the wide brought by Constantine's mother tions of the Vatican is that conmarble stairs, is the holy door with from Pilate's palace in Jerusalem, taining the apartments of the Borits silver cross, opened only once steps upon which Christ once gia family which Raphael was every 25 years by the Pope himself walked, and which people still commissioned to decorate, and on the jubilee day, when people ascend on their knees. The day which, with the gallery above, conmay enter through it and receive we visited there a score of pilgrims tain some of his best work.

forgiveness and new birth. Three were ascending, pausing to gaze Even better known, however, isother churches of Rome—St. upon the crucifix above, or to bow the Sistine Chapel, built as a room

John's, St. Paul's, and Saint their heads in prayer. for the election of the popes, but

Mary's, have holy doors also, St. Peter's has eleven cupolas, all now famous for the work of great

opened the same day by cardinals. the work of Michelangelo and artists in its frescoes, of which

All these churches have elaborate representing some of his greatest "The Last Judgment,"by Michelaltars where the Pope officiates. talent and skill. He was called to angelo is the most interesting.

As it was not a jubilee day when this task when he was 72 years old This occupied the great master for

I visited, I passed with other and labored at it for 1 7 years. The eight years, being started when he

tourists through the famous bronze pictures throughout the great was sixty years old. The painting

doors by Filaret made in the fifcathedral are done in fine mosaic is sixtysix by thirtythree feet and teenth century, which depict Christ and are copies of the best masteris the largest and most compreand the Virgin and the martyrdom pieces of the greatest artists. There hensive in the world. It is based

of St. Peter and St. Paul. High is a mosaic factory in Vatican City upon Dante's "Divine Comedy"

mass was being held as we came in. where by a method of melting glass and is divided into four planes or

A group of cardinals in rich black to make the composition it is posgroupings. In the lower section

and purple surplices, gold embroisible to produce twentyeight thoudepicting the dead emerging from dered, were officiating with tall, sand different colors. This actheir graves and shaking off their

lighted candles at one of the beaucounts for the exact blending of shrouds to resume their human tiful altars. People were kneeling colors to make the mosaics resemble forms, he shows Charon with his

at various small altars thoughout the paintings from which they are boat, having reached Hell and now the long nave, or praying with taken. At the present a mosaic striking down the rebellious with

their rosaries, or crossing their foreis being made in this factory for a his oar. These condemned are awaitheads and breasts with holy water church in Washington, D. C. ed by the judge, Minos, whose face

from marble vessels on some of the is a portrait of Biagio da Cesena, pillars. As we passed the great THE Vatican joins St. Peter's and master of ceremonies to the Pope,

bronze statue of St. Peter by is a combination of its marvels. who on account of the nudity of

Michelangelo, the guide called our The palace is an immense pile of the figures had censured the artist, attention to the toes which have buildings constructed at different and Michelangelo revenged himbeen worn away by the kisses of periods and with no regard to genself by painting him with the ears devotees. eral harmony. Originally a resiof a donkey, with a serpent around

The confessio or Pope's altar, dence for the Popes, in A. D. 498 his body among the condemned.

surrounded by a beautiful circular it was merely an antecourt of St. The guide told us that Cesena went

balustrade of marble with ninetyPeter's. It was here Charlemagne to the pope with the demand that

five gilded bronze lamps which lived; he was coronated in 800 in he be removed from Hell, to which

burn night and day, is magnificent. St. Peter's. As the centuries went the pope replied: "I have the key

Steps lead down to the doors of on the Vatican was enlarged to to open Heaven, but not the one gilded bronze which open to the receive the treasures of the various to open Hell. You will have to

bronze sarcophagus of the saint, Popes, until now the Pope's threeremain."

surmounted by his golden cross. story residence and garden are but As we passed a point where we

The artist Beanini worked nine a small part of it. It is the most could get a good view of the Pope's

years on this altar. expensive palace in the world, beapartments and his lovely garden,

This church is the mausoleum ing 1,151 feet long and 767 feet (Continued on page 512) By Maxa Million

THE COLOSSEUM

111 Be SeeingYouROMEBut Rome, Italy

dearest Dear: a royal name the only two pasus if we were ill, if we did not like

its sengers big bus. of dinner. were his meal required That This prosaic pen We of mineMY

several hotel in courage, of the fortitude by bowed high moral and a became almost unmanageable at the writing of that heading force and taken to a dank royal I tell you. Fish, coarsefibered,

Rome. The Eternal City with all room. I fancy even yet that I got strongtasting, underdone; roast

its famous ruins, churches, paint- a faint odor of long dead kings that beef with only the briefest contact ings, statues and the ghost of Julius plenty of hot soap suds and sunwith the oven; dessert, heavy and

Caesar and dear Brutus sends you shine would dispel; yet it had a over seasoned; yet he and his young

greetings! It is a heavenly day lovely mosaic floor of marble, exones bowed us out with looks of

full of warm sunshine and snatches tremely high ceilings richly decomartyrs.

of gay laughter. I am sitting out rated, and furniture of exquisite Part of the journey from Genoa

in a beautiful park that faces a part inlaid wood. The wardrobe to Rome lay along the bay of

reached to the almost ceiling and the of old wall. famous Roman a sight! what Genoa. My dear, longhandled had to have it. one are miles There miles of and glimpses Breathtaking white of

What infinite time and labor it clothes hangers to reach the rack. sailboats, palmshaded villas, and

must have cost. It is built of thin Beds of utter beauty and utter sogour train would be swallowed up

layers of rock to great depth and giness, tall windows with fine cutin the blackness of a tunnel. Again

height. Small windows appear at work embroidery, and shuttered in and again this happened and I

outside and both wood regular intervals also towers and life like thought mohow itself—a persistent fresh any thewhich rise out of wall and out perfect it vanishes of joy and in air—doto keep ment

afForded lookout posts for the you wonder I recall that place into darkness, but we are sustained watchers. What history it reveals! with aching bones and gasping by its memory and our hope for

There is so much to tell you breath. The bath room was like a the future..

about Rome that I don't know vault and the tub a high narrow where to begin. Since I want you sarcophagus but it was in its hot TDELIGION has left her mark in

to live every moment of this adwater that I blessed all Italy. a physical way all over Italy.

venture with me, I shall walk backAt dinner we were again bowed Everywhere we saw church spires wards as it were and first pour to by a line of men in livery. The and heard the ringing of the church

over your defenseless head some dining room is long, high, and mirbells. The last part of the jourGenoa facts and fancies. Our hotel rored. Rich red curtains shut out ney was farther inland. Widethere looms up in my memory with the light. It is presided over by horned, white oxen drawing the

more vividness even than do the a grand duke of an old dragon with plows, Angelus women still gleanwalls of Columbus'house or the five lesser dragons. He pounced ing made unforgettable pictures;

famous Campo Santa, the great upon us if we did not eat every Our train passed through Pisa and cemetery of Genoa. mouthful of his unpalatable food from the window we had a distinct

We rode in style to this hotel of and with almost tearful eyes asked view of its famous Leaning Tower.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 > over 178 What associations! Roman silently as I stood by those wretchThink of it—a tower

feet high with a lean of 13 feet. gladiators, Christians, wild beasts ed victims earlier in the day, for

It was begun way back in 1170 have all fought there to make a he, out of all of them, seemed to

A. D. America long yet undisRoman holiday for the 50,000 show less fear and agony. The

covered! This is an old country. spectators who crowded its galhands of the others were so

But now we are back to Rome leries. Only onethird of it remains tightly clenched and their mouths

again. Little blackeyed girls and but there is no ruin in all of Rome drawn back in such a look of sufold women pass selling huge bouhalf so impressive. It was begun fering! Poor stone monuments to

quets of flowers. A few steps away by Vespasian in A. D. 72 and the cruelness of Mt. Vesuvius. I

is a cocky young soldier, and a dedicated by Titus eight years looked from them to her, so beaupurple blossom he has picked hangs later. It is the largest structure of tiful, serene, and innocent in the

from his lips. He wears an units kind ever built. Already ten distance and thought of the black

usuallooking hat sprayed over great buildings of Rome have been death boiling in her heart of flame with a shower of feathers. The made from its stones. and wondered who her next vichat indicates his particular regi- I must leave the other splendors tims would be.

ment. Another has just gone by of Rome till later if you are to hear Sunday was a day of worship

wearing a long cloak and a glitteranything of our Naples trip. of (I hope it is not sacrilegious)ing helmet. I wish I knew its sigNaples-—what a city! Blue bay, the Blue Grotto, San Michele, and nificance. Young men of some white buildings,—she is the most Capri. As our steamer left Naples

religious order pass in groups. picturesque of all the Italian cities. the bay was shadowed with circling

They wear long black robes reSaturday we made a pilgrimage to airships practising target shooting.

partiallyfitted that lady's a a road wound oversembling Pompeii terrific explosion above high up peach beaver hatscoat, flowering wide, and ugly, and between great black cloud of smoke, alAus—a their pink sides. spilled that at Their faes theturned up mond trees repetition! a then Another and

look so young and their feet so big. petals over us as we passed. Old sinister reminder of how close huAnd such dear little blackeyed Vesuvius'feathery column of manity is to war were the thirteen

as Italy sobabies mingled with the clouds many smoke has—and that battleships drawn up in the harbor.

! hills. seen has I have her neighboring Everyone clung toof them

been beautiful. At Pompeii we walked up and As we pushed out farther into

bay, the thrill of passwe had in the streets, peered those silent down sixth the is on room here Our ing ship, a huge English The shops, pagan its bakeries, wine atfloor. across the Directly narrow

of music There was I Homeric. dwellings. private temples, and is Italianstreet a us from happy Italians singing the neverend- and glimpse a caught shadowy almost last floor a fivethe offamily on ing interest for being of human just about that moving old building.story apartment On of being. human priest whose old of ahead are chickens their roof garden and us—thepriest

pigeons and a line full of fluttering stone corpse I had seen in the clothes. We hear constant jabbermuseum with his hands folded as (")UR first stop was at Sorrentoing in Italian and gay singing. But if in prayer. I had saluted him but the climax of the day—of

it is time for dinner. See you the whole trip for me was reached

later. when we went into the Blue GrotMy Tryst With Christ to. Its loveliness is not of this

Italy, earth! since fairyland, event heaven has happened anCUCH

essence it is the of the best of all later.""see that I wrote AfBy Ray M. Johnson you

three. steamer the went from to last ter dinner We night we decided to you, Christ, close of day, I come O T

in little boats blue of and row a ride in one take by moonlight of "7\ of lightning wings the swiftly on So the funny little horsedrawn, open thought white with the names painted the gayly the on prow. Ours was here. carriages that abound renew this holy and moment, spend The To

lies Marie. to flat in the boat One on a high fat old coachman sat up visions you've lofty that to me Those

seat in front and cracked his whip brought. get through the opening. Then

at the beautiful chestnut horse. such a view! Blue, blue, blue till

We went clattering over cobbled If I have spent the day in some low vale, one's senses swim, and such a loveand paved streets. Great white Or merely climbed a hill when mounly, indescribable blue. We trailed

buildings, weird obelisks, fountains tains lured, our fingers through it and it was and statues rose up about us. Sud- I'll meet you when the evening skies grow as if they were receiving a baptism

denly I caught my breath and my pale of blue fire. The boatman's voice

heart almost stopped beating. And in your presence find the hurts all rose in song and the soft splash of

There in the moonlight was a cured. the water accentuated the rhythm of

huge mass of ruins that I had read his voice. I used to feel that when

Its great day, at the foot of the Tetons for my aboutlife—theand Colosseum.seen in pictures all my Or if some fine achievements crowned the I died I wanted to go to Lake Jenny arched walls caught and held strips I'll place the crown on your more own particular heaven. Now I

of the bluest sky I have ever seen, worthy head; have decided to be a mermaid and

and as our carriage moved along, 'Tis you who helped me tread the victor's live in the Blue Grotto and I shall the moon passed in review before way, blind with blue fire any mortal us, first through one arch and then 'Tis by your matchless life that I am who without a love of beauty in another. That vision will stay led. his soul dares to desecrate it by his

with me till I die. presence. (Continued on page 521)

THE ARTICLES OF FAITH IV. The Plan Founded in By work required to cancel the effects

Love of Adam's act, and to raise the

Article of(Read the Third purified, bodies of humankind, Faith) Dr. A. Widtsoe John life, further into eternal beyond penetrate plan and the Council of A MemberPURPOSE life. of the vicissitudes of mortal It was

and suffuse every Gospel Twelve Apostles a heavy commission. Jesus was to

principle and practice, even as pay the price of the mortal death crossesthe the touches and warp of every of of and member Adam inmaterials, as earth of an body lives under law,woof. Humanity race. the of the law human By the for to learning strument know chance.not of compensation, equal paying an essential universe, material an was the purpose of unchanging The price, acsuffer the needs he must it feature necessary the plan, of was

is been Father hasAlmighty and all of cumulated agony men. He recoverdevise to of some method secure the progressive constant,to ordeal, himself described has the death, after ing be the to bodywelfare children; of and, His suffering myself, caused "which thereafter possesimperishable an ages, thethroughout plan has His all, greatest even the to of God, sion of man.

fitted tobeen purpose. Such His tremble to pain, because of and Jesus, the the FirstBorn ofa plan, purpose encompassing and suffer at bleed every to and the selected Father, to was perform existence, have been musthuman both and body would pore,spirit—and us, in for loveframed God's His I bitter that not the drink might

children. can There be no other nevertheless, cup, and ARTICLES OF FAITH shrink—explanation concern of the of a Father, glory be to the and I parJesus Christ the Church of Of

glorified intelligence for mortal of Latterday Saints took and finished my preparaIndeed, theman. has deLord 1. believe in the Eternal God, We tions the children unto of men."

Christ, Jesus Son, in His andclared in ringing words, "This in the councils one high Only in is andFather, the Ghost. Holy

to bring and work believe that bemy of punmy glory, men will 2. We could endure agony. such

ished sins, for for heaven not and their ownto pass the eternal immortality and It is therefore the that transgression. Adam's no wonder

life believe that, through atonethe of man."eldest the in the famChrist, all of be FirstBorn, mankind may The story of the origin of the mentsaved,8. We obedience by greatest to the ily, possessed laws of power, and

of the Gospel. lifeplan governs which man's on ordinances so selected. was 4. believe first the that principles We

isearth outlines. its large in ordinances known of the and First, Gospel are: love the of Father for His The

in Faith the Christ; Jesus Lord second, thatIn the time before earth's was, of the led to children formulation third, Repentance; Baptism by immerlaid,foundations sion for the the remission hosts were sins of of greatplan of salvation. The laying of on the Hands for Gift; fourth,of the thespirits, destined for the earth to be, the ness in love is evident of that Ghost. Holy

believe thatgathered a request. at the Father's be must man 5. We this soultesting mission placing of

of God, by "prophecy, the and byIn that great council there was excalledlaying his on FirstBorn. of hands,"beloved "For those by are upon who

plained and proposed for acceptance administerin authorityin tothepreachordinancesthe Gospelthereof.and God so loved the world that He

a plan for the further education of 6. We believe in the same organization gave His only Begotten Son, that

the spirit children of God, The thatnamely,existedapostles,in the prophets,primitive pastors,church, whosoever believed in him should required deplan the spirits that teachers, etc. everlasting not perish but have

in the gift of tongues, 7. We believeevangelists,scend from their heavenly abode the great Likewise, it was to prophecy, revelation, visions, healing, life."

earth, interpretation enter earthly of etc. bodies, tongues, and Father, for Jesus whose love of His

8. Bible the to be the word We believesubject to death. Contest with it for was, His brothers of and it God, as far as is translated corplan

also believe thethe we toil rectly Book stubborn elements earth, of of Morbenefit the and sisters, for whose the be of mon word God. struggle, oftenand sorrow and believe impelled that all that replan was presented, God has 9. Weto;

all vealed, that does reveal, He now anddisease, experiences were the on accept the appointment, to Him believe that will yet we reveal He many to strengthen sharpenwhich and great and important things vast pertaining directed gladly. His Love

to the of God. Kingdomtheir wills. Courageously, they service for mankind. into power literal 10. in believe the gathering We

issuefaced the acceptjoyously Israel of in and restoration the and of the suffer. gives to courage Even Love

will built Tribes. Zion be That Ten upon divine theed proposal. Thus man actions so, love of the determines this continent. will Christ reign That

the earth,secured the privilege upon and earth personally that the of an Love is the vitalizto man.

will earth its man be receive renewed andexperience. himself He had fitted of life. ing force glory. paradisiacal

11. privilege claim the worshipof it.for it; We willing to accept and was this point atonement, from The to Almighty according the dicGodAll earth come were upon who in ingtates conscience, of our allow and the payment view, all of becomes less

that great council and accepted the menhow, thewheresameorprivilege,what theylet may.them worship for a wrong committed, and more

plan. 12. We believe in being subject to a necessary step in the consumThe first of the glorious throng kings,trates, presidents,in obeying, rulershonoringandandmagissus- mation of a plan. In the larger

law. the to earth to sense,to come were a law and taining whenever we break Adam

true, in believe being honest, 13. WeEve, to be the parents were but often our hurt, who we we sin; virtuous, dobenevolent, chaste, and in

may; indeed we say endure pain for a greater gain. The

of Paul:of the coming race. They partook thating goodwe followto all menthe admonition

of earthly things and made them- "We believe all things, we hope all cataract on the eye is cut, so that selves and their posterity subject things,"and hope weto behaveableenduredto enduremanyall things.things, sight may be won. We subject

to earthpains and death. That If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or ourselves to an operation to regain

of good part of the plan. incurred health.was However, had Adam after these reportthings.—Josephor praiseworthy,Smith.we seek oursince the permanent his children; of a winning a debt for himself and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

Jesus undertook to pay it. In all O Death, where is thy victory, progression. With his body as an

is thy sting. ally, a tool, if he so wills, obedisuch cases the law of love is the O Death, where

impelling force acting upon him Exceeding joy enters the hearts ent to the Father's law, he may go endlessly. progressively, forward, the In help.who gives the case of of men, meaning of when

to attain It is possible through for all men God, love of shownAdam, is sacrifice Christ's comprehended.

obedience, as well as desire for proIn the words of Gilbert: to salvation.

gress impelled him to come upon So universal is the opportunity earth and perform his assigned Jesus lives! Thy terrors now for salvation provided in the Gosmission. Can, O Death, no more appal us; pel that those who have died withJesus lives! By this we know out a knowledge of the law may

it in the spirit world, ALL this is reasonable enough. Thou, O Grave, canst notHallelujah.enthrall us. be taught

If God lives and we are his and if they accept it there, they will children, He would naturally love Jesus lives! Henceforth is death be judged as if they had obeyed the

us and plan for our welfare. If But the gate to life immortal; law on earth. The earth ordishall calm breath trembling our This be nances will them done for by life in a to experience need mawe its portal. we pass gloomy When if actemples, in the and proxy, terial a universe, of the necessity Hallelujah.

plan for earthlife is explained. cepted by the dead will be valid,

Vicarious service is a daily affair in The service of Jesus does not effective, and acceptable to the life. One man may cut off or stop with the atonement by which law.

restore the lighting or water systhe resurrection from the grave of There is, however, a vital diftem of a city of thousands; one the body of man will be accomference which all must keep in

man may rescue another who is plished. He had yet other duties. mind: Resurrection is an uncondrowning; a friend may pay the "For God sent not His Son into ditional gift to all men through the

obligations incurred by a student the world to condemn the world atonement; salvation is conditional

who enters college. The comprebut that the world through Him upon obedience to the principles of

hension of the atonement begins might be saved."His position as the Gospel.

with belief in God, a recognition man's Redeemer makes Him the Such then is man's relationship of man's relationship to his Etercentral figure in the plan of salvato the plan of salvation. It was

nal Father and an understanding tion. His appointment included formulated by the Father and acof the plan of salvation. To begin the full supervision of the workcepted by all who come upon earth.

anywhere else is to invite confusion ing out of the plan for human salJesus was appointed to supervise and doubt. Christians who find vation. He was delegated to create and to carry out the plan. By his

it difficult to understand the atonethe earth. He reports to the Father sacrifice, every man will be resurment have not begun their study the progress and ultimate complerected unconditionally. By his

correctly. True it is that the exact tion of the plan. Since He made teaching every man, by obedience

means, methods, or procedure by the earth he became, as pertains to to that which is taught, may win which Jesus performed his work the earth, our Creator and our salvation. By Christ's leadership

are not known to us, and probFather; as He performs this work and mediation man may be brought

ably cannot be understood by in behalf of His Father He becomes into the range of divine justice, the finite human mind. The same the Mediator between God and mercy, and love, and find here and

may be said, however, concerning man; as He died for man He behereafter the joy of the abundant

the essential truth of every human came our Redeemer. In every parlife.

concern. There is mystery to finite ticular He is the representative, Let it be repeated that the unman in the ultimate relationships leader, captain, and director of the derlying thought with respect to

science everywithin and art. of men and "What army women. He is is the salvation plan of that it was

our beloved, in its deepest is truth?"Elder worshipped meaning in conceived the love of the Father

remains the unanswered question. Brother. Therefore, we speak of for His children; that Jesus acceptMan may be certain of one the plan as the Gospel of Jesus ed the appointment to suffer for

thing: Through the atonement of Christ, and we pray to God in the them because of His love for His

Christ, he shall recover his body, name of His son, Jesus the Christ. brothers and sisters; and that manand possess it throughout eternal kind, in their spiritual estate, so

life. It is the Christian's sure beTHROUGH the atonement of loved the Father that they gladly

lief. Paul, the apostle, set forth Jesus the bodies of all who accepted the plan. From beginning

clearly the effect of Christ's sacrihave died, the whole human famto end, in every ramification, the fice: ily will be resurrected. Saint and plan of salvation is founded in

It is in corruption sown sinner, will black and white, relove the troubles the of day How is It raised in incorruption 'cover their bodies the if through plans vanish our would! on earth is It in dishonor sown

It is raised in glory service of the Redeemer. The efwere founded in love! In the midst

It sown in weakness fect of the sacrifice of Jesus is unof this story stands the figure of JeIt is raised in power limited, universal. The mission sus, our Savior, as the example and

is It a natural sown body the of Savior does even more. The pattern to follow. In His for men

is It raised a spiritual body. plan salvation of is under which led preexistent us love for life His is If a there natural there is also a body,

spiritual body His supervision on earth offers salHim to accept the call to leadership

For this corruptible must put on incorrupvation to all. Salvation may be as of the plan with its conquest of the

tion universal as resurrection. the By grave; in life on earth, He showedAnd this mortal must put on immortality. the service Jesus, of of love; the Christ, man the happy by His way

Death is swallowed up in victory. is placed on the road of eternal love, today, He helps and guides,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

He warns, He pleads and leads, and ful account of the acts and teachHis sentiments, the truth which He

He will be with us to the end. ings of Jesus of Nazareth. announces, His manner of convinceither are ing, by not explained initiate the Gospel to Jesus came those are been have and There the naor organization hisby earth's of human the in midday work discredit Jesus to sought havewho... religion things. His ture start of its to foundations, to lay tory, facts the of truth the denyingby all intelligence is a revelation from did its it time He no way. At on life in the as recordedof His New of is that certainly not which fame. sowed of the seek glamor He a or that such denyingTestament,

left authority man."the truth, seeds of lived. ever eminentperson The been influence Christ of has men, The mortal with the Priesthood of wrotehistorian, Brandes, George hisin world's the mightiest the for death inglorious suffered ana Jesus but to that prove was book effective in changtory, and most race, friend and the whole human persons inventeda by who myth George hearts men. the of ing disfoe, His commissioned and theirdesired deceive mislead to and says: left ciples, to MacDonald behind, were who attempts,fellows. however, Such

so the nurture foster ill, work and turnest from away thou When acunconvincing, not beenhave hill. is side this it prosper. of thy Christ that and grow might thecepted those even deny by who good, turnest toward thou When hisfits the scanty this in with for to All allusions Jesus,divinity of is in wood. thy Christ walking notices torical concerning Him "Father, says, pardon,"inin heartJesus, thy dating back some When

stances to the days before the made at the time of His sojourn Then the Lord is in thy garden.

earth. watch, to stern duty wakes on Whencrucifixion, available, are the truth

latch. is the his on hand Then in left behind, Jesus which That gainsaid. cannotof be which The rouse, doth song hope thy when But accounts of the the fragmentary sufficient to arereferences to is house. the in him the Lord Then

its exalted in Gospels, is unique all is wit to love thy a historical When that Jesusprove was figure. Jesus was, as a man, but a power and wisdom. Great men Christ doth at thy table sit.

is pole. will thy heart's centuries the God's since When His throughout while person, andhumble soul. very Christ thy Then is earth have testiChrist was upon the eventteaching attracted many,

of His crucifixion was to the hisfied to the greatness of Jesus, the Thousands upon thousands of testified pubtorians of that day but one of many Teacher and Leader. He seems eminent men have

cruel events in a turbulent age. to all to be more than man. licly, by spoken or written word,

One of the most famous testiof their faith in Jesus Christ as the

The same may be said of the monies of the divinity of Jesus Son of God, and in his divine misrecord of the events of his life. The comes from the lips of Napoleon, sion. Millions have learned to

mention of him by contemporary spoken while the great emperor was know that Jesus is the Savior, Rehistorians is always accompanied living in banishment on St. Helena. deemer, the Mediator of men, and

by allusions to the marvelous He was speaking to his companion, have drawn abundant happiness works he was said to be doing. General Bertrand, "I know men; from that knowledge. Any perMoreover, as scholarship has adand I tell you that Jesus Christ is son who will approach the study

vanced, the manuscripts on which not a man.... Everything in of Jesus Christ with a desire to

the four Gospels are based are Him astonishes me. His spirit overknow the truth, and who will test

pushed further back, almost to the awes me, and His will confounds the Gospel by the practice of its lifetime of the Savior. It is a mere me. Between Him and whomever principles will receive the convincquibble, an ignoring of established else in the world there is no possible ing assurance of the divine nature

historical fact, to assert that the term of comparison. He is truly and loving mission of Jesus of

Gospels do not give a fairly faith- a Being by Himself. His ideas and Nazareth.

M* The Shattered aboutfruit. it Allwas thatto planHozohowcouldshe wasdo fromsick allhisdaybedandwherejourneyedhe hadshakilybeen

to see to the give the to temple grounds over back hope beads andMirror the that there during she following happened on what day had (Continued from page 473) + belonged.would find the temple where it washis enforcedwell exceptneglectthat theof duty.sweetpeasAll

something wasjolted past and her mind filled with needed wiring—and

a thousand superstitious fears. xHAT night Jerry, one wrong with the lake. Someone

What if the temple had disappeared of the gardeners at the temple, arose had muddied up the water.

too! Tomorrow afternoon a busload

It was all on account of the of people were coming over from beads. They seemed to burn in Poem of Inspiration Los Angeles to spend a week workfire. like balls She ofher pocket the temple. ing in grounds The By Irvine A. Wheeler to return hardlycould wait them visitors. their best for the look must

Never, neverto Mrs. Moore. up! IDEACH Reach up! Reach up He would feel able to work by *- steal again. she the stars towardwould

Her father drove her home by March on! March on! March on and morning. He would clean out the

it endeavor; to bluing in lake and put somea different she road, so had no

up! reflections the the of March on! Oh mind not emphasize out or Reachchance of finding whether scars the

not the temple had really vanished. We are gods in the chrysalis, immortal temple. A touch of color in the

But she would know tomorrow, forever!sr! water certainly did transform that

for they would be by with more lake into a mirror.

THE PRESENT GENERAL BOARD OF THE Y. M. M. I. A.

left row, Front Giles, to right: John D. Field Representative; Franklin L. West, Second Counselor; George Q. Morris, First Counselor; President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.;

President J. Grant; Heber E. Albert Bowen, General Superintendent; Strinoam A. Stevens, Era Committee.

Back row, left to right: Lyman L. Daines, Chairman Senior Committee; Creed Haymond, Elmer Christensen, Explorer Committee; Harrison R. Merrill, Senior

Committee; Kirkham, Oscar A. Executive Secretary; Axel A. Madsen, Chairman Adult Committee; Burton L. Farnsworth, Chairman M Men Committee; Franklin S. Harris,

Floyed Eyre, PhiloM Men Committee; Farnsworth, M Men Committee; T. Scout Committee.

JUNE CONFERENCE

one single factor has so City, June 7, 8, and 9, there is it that doubt forcefully established the little NO of the as being one success of the new massgreatest—ifwould be votednot

achievement program of M. I. A. the greatest held in the history of

the organization. the standFrom great June as the year's climax—the participation, of attendance, point finale conference. It was a glorious

to a year of unparalleled achieveand general interest this conference ment by the young men and has no equal.

women of the Church. Many factors contributed to its

This may be considered as an success. Not the least of these was

over enthusiastic statement but it the enthusiasm emanating from has ample backing in the results. wards and stakes having underWere a poll to be taken of the taken this new program in its fulldelegates to this Fortieth Annual ness and having carried it to a succonference of the Young Men's and cessful conclusion in the June conYoung Women's Mutual Improveference. Other outstanding feament association held in Salt Lake tures were a successfully planned

PROFESSOR JOHN DOLMAN, DRAMA EXPERT AND LECTURER FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA

PROFESSOR WINSLOW CHENEY, WHO GAVE AN

ORGAN RECITAL DURING JUNE CONFERENCE

THE PRESENT GENERAL BOARD Y. W. M. I. A.

Front row, left to right: Evangeline T. Beesley, Music; Helen S. Williams, Lion House, Gleaner and Community Activity Committees; Martha G. Smith; Junior

Committee, Hostess Lion House Social Center; Rachel Grant Taylor, Chairman Gleaner Committee; Lucy Grant Cannon, First Counselor; Ruth May Fox, President; Clarissa

A. Beesley, Second Counselor; Margaret Wells, Senior Committee; Grace Neslen, Chairman Junior Committe.

Back row, left to right: lleen Waspe, BeeHive Committee; Laura Nicholson, Chairman Senior Committee; Vida F. Clawson, Lion House Committee; Katie C. Jensen,

Era and Community Activity Committee; Elsie T. Brandley, Era, Adult and Community Activity Committee; Julia S. Baxter, BeeHive Committee; Bertha K. Tingey, BeeHive

Committee; President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.; Ann Cannon, Era and Gleaner Committee; President Heber J. Grant; Emily Adams, Chairman Adult Committee; Kate Folsom,

Junior Committee; Agnes S. Knowlton, Adult Committee.

ByIN PANORAMA HENRY R SMITH and ably executed program of truly tion in the attainments in wards the leaderstakes proportions; have achievements and immense whose

earlier. it If a they place take day

set direction general records the before never ship dreamed of up and this, of us hadn't would done many officers of. executive and board memtreat in this the purmissed have

first bers; participation things the of of edunoted which One features suit educational other of

I. cators authorities the outstanding confronted and members A. M. us. called necessity to which

fields the attracseveral in of a choice problem was and making many story the of the to begin So social tive features. of educational nine the one from

start the conference from June we felt first for contribution scheduled important the meets day. An first, 6, an unJune Thursday,

throughout the threeday meet was Admitting our true feelings, there official day, but nevertheless, an the inspiration the presence nine places were only of and would we one of the big annual important like First to messages Presidency of the been have time at one on event. are Friday, others of the general and authorJune 7. We grateful On this first day the drama eduities. delegates of can the June conference planning to the wisdom

always depend on something committee which permitted us to THE CEREMONY OF MARKING THE HISTORICAL worthwhile in the messages of the enjoy at least a portion of the BUILDINGS—THEHOUSE, AND THE BEEHIVEFIRST OFFICEHOUSE,OF THETHE FIRSTLION

First Presidency, and this year was drama educational meet by having PRESIDENCY IN UTAH no exception. Their thoughts expressed in several different meetings

touched many important subjects and are an impetus for carrying on the standards established into the program for the new year.

The element of the contest was lacking. To some this might be a

source of regret but for hosts of those present the new type of achievement program culminating in the Churchwide education fiestas at the conference has won its laurels. Some may still favor

the contest in M. I. A. and no

doubt rightfully so, although after just one year of the new program, even the casual observer can see in it greater possibilities than can ever be attributed to the single award system.

This is sustained beyond quesTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 cational meet took place under the AN outstanding attraction of the drama, dancing, story, speech, condirection of Professor John Doldrama festival was the presenversation, social conduct, hobbies, man, one of America's foremost tation, under the direction of Promusic, and reading. As stated beauthorities on play production. fessor Joseph F. Smith, of the Y. fore, it was difficult to determine

Several hundred M. I. A. leaders M. M. I. A. General Board, of which to attend. Each of the nine

took a twoday course in drama, "Fresh Fields."This was put on subjects had been popular throughits appreciation, and production. twice Thursday in the Victory out the year in the various wards.

Professor Dolman is head of the Theater, and was pronounced by After participation in these meets

English and Drama Department of critics and others as perhaps the best at June conference and partaking the University of Pennsylvania. play presented in Salt Lake by of the excellence of the programs

He was brought to Salt Lake by Salt Lakers for many years. It provided in each section, there is

the M. I. A. to participate in the should have been good, considering little doubt that an even greater

drama festival. the prominence and ability of the popularity will be experienced in

The visitor had many interesting cast. the year to come.

things to say about drama. Among Professor Dolman paid a fine It is impossible to give detail on

them was his emphasis on "lift"as tribute to the drama work of the each of these sections, but worthy the most important single quality M. I. A. after studying the handof note, we think, is one in which

in a play. It is that essence, he book on this subject. "It is partwo other outsiders, both former

said, that makes one feel elevated ticularly interesting to me to see Utahns, participated. This is the

rather than degraded after having Church organizations so wholestory section featuring Orson Ryan, seen it. A light play may possess heartedly behind the drama and a nationally known story teller

"lift"just as well as a serious one, especially with so little apparent and authority on reading, and Miss although the lift will be of a narrowness of viewpoint."Lethe Coleman, a world traveler

slightly different kind, was his exHe entered into the spirit of the and former Chautauqua Superinplanation. Professor Dolman said M. I. A. drama project and those tendent. Miss Coleman won her

that there were three essential elewho, through achievement in audience by means of her sparkling ments of a good theater: the play drama during the past year, were personality and her art on the

itself, the production, and the actpermitted to associate with him for speaker's platform.

ing. He said that one way to tell the two days, were truly fortunate. No one of the large group which

a good play is by the way the acHis advice regarding, and discuslistened to Mr. Ryan can help but

tors react to it. sion of the drama, should have a feel a greater appreciation for good

"When a company can work wholesome effect on the accomstories and books. Mr. Ryan ad-

I. A. in this field. vised that instead of wanting aintensively for six weeks on a play plishments of M.

and the director and actors still like The drama meet began on book to read, people should want it, it must be a good play,"he Thursday and continued on Frito read a book. He stressed quality

said. day. On the latter day, which was instead of quantity in the reading

the first official day of the June of books.

the Conference, educational nine Particularly informative his was meets, one of which the drama, was explanation of so the reason many place. fields took were, nine These

a magazines of nature cheap were read in America. He said that the

stories were of the blueprint variety, and like readymade clothes are produced to fit a certain mind level. People are prone to read

within a certain mindlevel when they should always stretch out beBEE-HIVE GIRLS yond their mindlevel for real enAND THEIR BIRTHjoyment and self expression

DAY CAKE through reading. It was Mr.

ALICE BRINTON AND W. 0. ROBINSON

INTRODUCING THE 193536 WALTZ

MICAWBER AND DAVID COPPERFIELD, FROM MURAL PRESENTED

DURING THE HONOR PROGRAM.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

Ryan's purpose to create a desire for this kind of reading and he did it very nicely and interestingly. Y. m. m. i. a. genIn connection with the hobby eral superintendmorris, q. geo ency: annual the mention mustmeet we

T 1ST ss - heldhobby show CI,;. Deseret in. the cE. n";BOWEN,;

. joint, the unders-,Gymnasium'direc-,. SUPTALBERT franklin

tion of the M. I. A. and the Salt west,2Nd asst. supt.

Lake Recreation Council. Hobbies

were on display from all sections of the intermountain country and the exhibits were a real insight into the purpose and value of educational hobbies.

()N Friday another visitor of note arrived for the conference.

He was Dr. George J. Fisher, DepExecutive, Chief Scoututy Boy path."straight narrow and the in Assembly the in assembly general FisherScouts of America. Dr. safeguard another as advocated 2,000 He approximately where Hall, ofspecial acame on refrain from people mission—the that young greetings official heard delegates

I.ficial the into induction A. M. could that they anything saying and Superintendent Bowen from senior the ofprogram program new mothers. their of front in say the not of Fox President Ruth May council, the nationalof known to obey everyone admonished I. annual He the and A. M. as Y. W. Scouts. notExplorer Fisher Dr. esand of God the J. commandments Heber President of message special depart in tookonly Scout people the young pecially advised Grant. conferencepartments the of but their fathers their and to honor been had message If other no a at speaker other imwas two young and men mothers. "Young conference I. the at A. the given M. sessionsportant on Sunday. He lives their order so should President women of brief one the than a conception remarkable ofshowed their to honor will an be they that suffiit been have would Grant, forthe Church program and youth declared. he parents,"First the out cient. what "Find his conin remarks laudatorywas presidency entertainstake important the your of Presidency, One its leadercerning the and Church to ocdo conference the you features wants bishop of your and mentship.

the parents it at your noon, when honor Friday curred and do and credit the due gave Church He the in he mistake,"assembled delegates will make no I. A. you and M. its leadership in seniorfor the proorgan a special to hear said. Tabernacle the Scout of movementgram Boy live to present Prof. recital presenting Winslow those advised He as which from Vanguardsknown the in will and lives Utahn, now that them keep former Cheney,

the Exof explained, newhe much nation's the path. of as straight recognized one narrow and taken. beenplorer had program presented a thing will musicians. never do greatest "If He you Superdirection General hisUnder atattracted your get wide on a cannot that which down program you the of E. Albert Bowen,intendent his masfor your of support the tention ask and knees comment and

officially accepted I. A.Y. M. M. it, a It you organ. in great was doing the tery in Heaven of Father the in Explorerthe program new middle safe to in a the you keep guide relaxation will thrilling have

theplace Vanguards. of meetof conference a busy day of with the began Friday's program hobby show, deseret a corner at the appregreatly feature a ings and a conference,official gymnasium of the opening organist as this ciated won young

his way into the hearts of all who heard him.

Friday's program was rounded out with the annual reception, dance festival, and social dancing at Saltair. Never before has such

a crowd been on hand to participate in the events and to enjoy the dance presentations. It was another evidence of the success of the

achievement program. To see

those five hundred couples on the great floor was an inspiring sight.

A fine luncheon was served to approximately 2,000 visiting stake officers and board members, who were seated according to states and missions. Following the dance

festival everyone participated in the social dancing and other features of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 -HhUtah's famous resort on the noon. Of special importance was and members of that organization

shores of the briny inland sea. the executive session held in the to the central principles and ideals

Assembly Hall. of the Church.

CATURDAY dawned bright and Several responsibilities of the M. M. I. A. paid a fine tribute at

sunshining with another big I. A. executives were stressed by noon on Saturday to its retiring

program as full as that of the openOscar A. Kirkham, executive secofficers of the Y. M. M. I. A. The

ing day. retary of the Y. M. M. I. A. Elder retiring general superintendency,

The first thing scheduled was a Kirkham emphasized as one of two of whom were present, Elder continuation of registration prethese responsibilities the facing of Richard R. Lyman being absent in

ceding another general session in special problems created by the rethe East, were given honor at the the Assembly Hall. First of all peal of the Eighteenth amendment. regular stake superintendents'and

the large assembly took a mythical He urged the M. I. A. members to presidents'dinner in the Lion

train ride with Elsie Talmage maintain the Church stand on alHouse. The principal tribute was

Brandley, of the Y. W. M. I. A. cohol among the people old and paid by President Fox, who has

general board as the engineer. First young. "Our program must exlabored in an executive capacity

of all they stood on the observatend beyond the limits of our own with Superintendent George Albert tion platform as the train pulled members and into every communSmith and his counselors, Elder out of station 193435 and reviewity, for the boys and girls of M. Richard R. Lyman and Elder Meled the accomplishments. Then I. A. are only as safe as the comvin J. Ballard, this service extendlooking ahead by means of the munitie's in which they live,"he ing over a period of many years.

searchlight all caught a figurative said. Both Elder Smith and Elder

"view"of the new program for He urged further that represenBallard responded with expressions 193536. tative committees of both men and of gratitude for their opportunities

. The course she held up in her women M. I. A. leaders work with to serve and with best wishes for

discussion, is attractive and appealofficers of the law to find the best the success of the M. I. A. program

ing and embodies all of the fine solution of the problem in each with its new officers.

features of the past year's work community. "Go to see your

with a few slight changes to imsheriff; do not let the sheriff come VOUTH'S Opportunity Today,"

prove efficiency and further simto see you,"he said in conclusion. was the theme of an interesting

plification. "Get groups of outstanding eduand forceful address Saturday afterAppreciation to all for the supcators in the community to meet noon by President David O. Mcport they have given during the with the young people and discuss Kay. He said in part:

past year in The Improvement Era their problems with them frankly. "The opportunity of Youth todrive was expressed by Elder George Work with them understandingly, day is to enter into this moral and

Q. Morris, first counselor in the and show by your own example spiritual world. The world is

general superintendency of the Y. that the real joy of living may be calling today upon men and wom-

M. M. I. A., and by Clarissa A. fully known without the aid of en who realize that religion is deBeesley, second counselor in the artificial stimulation."votion to life's highest values.

general presidency of the Y. W. M. Dr. Fisher again spoke at this Patrick Henry, upon his deathbed

I. A. This was followed by a meeting to the subject, "Leadership said: 'I have disposed of all

picturesque and entertaining preof Youth."He declared that the my property to my family. There

sentation, entitled "Era Melodies."real heroes and great ones of our is one thing more I wish I could

This brief operetta, by the Thirtynation are the leaders of youth, give them, and that is the Christian first Ward of Liberty Stake, was who mold the characters that will religion. If they had that, and I

for the purpose of explaining in make the world of tomorrow. had not given them one shilling,

song and pageant the contents of Youth today he explained, is prothey would have been rich; and if

the M. I. A. organ. foundly perplexed, finding itself in they had not that, and I had given

This little bit of pageantry was a world of cynicism where it looked them all the gold in the world, strikingly appropriate and was for idealism, and we must help they would be poor'."

beautifully presented, making a them find the way to meet their President McKay enumerated very strong appeal to all who witproblems. Leaders of youth today four fundamentals in the practice

nessed. It was the work of Lorenzo must stop, look, and listen to of true religion and made brief comMitchel, Evelyn N. Wood, and youth was his very pointed advice. ments on each. These four fundaLola Nelson Brimley, who were "If the youth of today should mentals were: first, a belief in a

the composer of the music, writer fail us, what would become of our Supreme Being; second, to feel the

of the words, and director, respectcountry?"he asked. "Our youth confidence of the conqueror with

ively. have more enthusiasm, more enprayer for the power to meet that

ergy than ever before and we must temptation in a way that will be "THEN came a series of department see that it is not misdirected, but supreme; third, a willingness to

meetings. Under the direction used for the good of the world."promote social betterment, and,

of heads of the various committees Elder Frank L. West, Second fourth, a belief in the immortality

of the general board, special departAssistant General Superintendent, of the soul.

ment programs, designed to acclosed this session with an address Continuing his discussion, Presquaint members with the ideals and on the "Responsibility of Living ident McKay said.

objectives as well as the program and Teaching the Gospel."He "What of youth today, as we

for the coming season, were held made a strong appeal for close adface the fact that spiritual progress during the remainder of the foreherence of the M. I. A. program has not kept pace with material

<- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 power and invention. Thinking the slum are still with us. The failed to realize a new significance

men will tell us that today as selburden of taxes and the proper disin the words. A committee of the

dom if ever before, human society tribution of wealth are questions general board headed by W. O.

is threatened with disintegration if perplexing the wisest minds. Truly Robinson achieved a real success in

not complete chaos. All the anwe are living in an age of shifting this presentation.

cient evils of human relationships, opinions, of swiftly changing huIn addition awards for having injustice, selfishness and use of man relations. Man's wisdom is achieved certain required standards

strength, become sinister and terbaffled. Obviously there never was in all of their wards, were given to

rible when reenforced by the vast a greater need for a safe pilot, or stakes.

increase of material power. The the discovery of a fixed light that This evening's program also saw

soul of man cowers, cowed and will settle the turbulent waters the induction of about sixty M fearful in the midst of a civilizathrough which we are now sailMen in the Church into the charter tion grown too complex for any ing. organization of Master M Men.

man to visualize and to control. These certificates were awarded

Joy and beauty fade from human C)N Saturday evening, there octhose who attained this high disliving, yet life abundant, beaucurred in the Tabernacle one tinction for the first time in the teous, laughing life, has been our of the most colorful events of the history of the organization, by agelong labor's end. What other conference. Although the TaberBurton K. Farnsworth, chairman

conceivable worth has the Master nacle was well filled yet the crowd of the M Men committee of the of a material world, the exploitaon hand was not large enough to general board.

tion of the resources of nature, and do justice to such a splendidly A most inspiring testimony sesthe creation of wealth, except as a worked out and appealing feature sion in the Assembly Hall marked basis for the release of the life of as the Churchwide Honor Night. the beginning of the concluding

the spirit. Carrying the thought of achieveday of the conference. President

"We are witnessing either the ment award beyond the ward and Grant was among those who par crumbling of civilization under the stake, the General Board had articipated in this inspirational sesweight of its material mechanism ranged a special program to presion voicing testimonies to the dior the birth of a new organization sent the true message of the apprevinity of Jesus Christ and the miswith spiritual ideals. ciation courses. It was done beausion of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

"It would seem then, that we, tifully and there is little doubt that and acknowledging the goodness too, are living in an age that will the impression made upon the conof the Lord unto them.

dramatithe colorful by souls,try of unstable gregation an age men's meeting was followed This by message of each zation of the uncertainties.opinions, shifting of sessions, separate one for the course two

lasting benefit will in purthe have

I. in the Y. Assembly A. M. saying, are W. "Discouraged youth suit this years. of in future work Hall, for the the other and Y. interests 'tolerance, sense M. wide and significance reader told a the As I. in Hall. Barratt A. These M. intellectual invalues, genuineof

these courses appreciation in of M. meetings direction the were under aretegrity maturity emotional and

I. the A., groups Salt Lake from President of and Ruth Fox May qualities thenot one which make as enacted Stakes extableaus an reSuperintendent E. Bowen, A.rich in All goods. about worldly

the ample. speech dramatize To spectively. special features seeus exceptions Two few with men we section a begroup portrayed Paul place these in meetings. took vulgar minds immaturewith and fore surely Agrippa one and no

earth.inheriting the approxiIn the Hall Assembly The wholewho saw and heard this brief part

ancestral ofsomeness our homemately BeeKeepers forty 80 from life is questioned. Modesty, that stakes were presented with threediamond setting to female beauty year service pins. They were inEdisonin circles, is considered prudsome to the congregation troduced as

eve of his death) (On the ish, puritanic. leaders and Obnoxious of girlhood in M. I. A. who

sometimes obscene advertisements By Grant H. Redfocd have been distinguished by at least

flaunt themselves in the face of "LTAVE Faith; go forward,"you said, three years of consecutive service

every traveler along our highways, * * And died. You did not hear the as BeeKeepers and having passed

and even steal into our homes over world's special requirements given by the the radio. Acclaim, tonight. Yet you must have BeeHive committee of the general

that all lighted our were homes Known President board. great discoveries with ''The of science, Fox joined

Faith you from By and made thethe in BeeHive committee conmarvelous advance in invenhave known! must Go theforwardness—youlight gratulating recipients thetion, the of popular educagovernment,

said. Faith; go forward,""Have you threeyear pins they urged that and internationaltion of the masses,

I will this forget saying, not Edison. continuerelationships, derive and on joy transportation and and I will forget. I will not remember.

communication, are some of the I will remember that a light upon a satisfaction from their work of problems and characteristics peHill cannot be hid. Yes, I will remember, directing the activities of the young

culiar to present day society; yet Also, when the going is hard, to "Go girls.

notwithstanding all these achieveForward!"In Barratt Hall, under the direcments, social unrest perhaps was "Have Faith; go forward,"you said. tion of Superintendent Bowen, the

sleeps with The world your words isnever more pronounced than it received Church officially from Dr.

ears. in their will Ringing Theytoday. difficult questions that The the National Council's soon, remembering they Fisher and Awake

arise between capital and labor are Will go forward. We sleep, and you Senior Boy Scout program known

still unsettled. The liquor probSleep. Tomorrow we go forward, too. as; Explorer Scouts. This new

lem is still unsolved. The evils of (Continued on gage 516)

By

QThe Challenge of KATIEJENSEN 'FRIENDS AND ENEMIES"ChCLim

"Order is a lovely thing sweet wildness with abandon of bring us closer together. UnderOn disarray it lays its wing, spirit, reaching up and out of yourstanding should come because we

Teaching simplicity to sing."self because your cares are forgotten are all so human. Failures may Enduring Quest—Overstreet. and you are "in the fields with become successes. Look up and

God."But even Charm has eneforget the past. Go on to the new—face mies. us—Beauty—Friends Let wife? Lot's them and then day. She Remember

to fun it is flee friends. looked to our turned back and to was we canLIFEHappiness—what

live, if living finds one intersalt.

alive, withested, breathless, adWorry Fear floodingventure and anticipation the heart. For just around the "ATOMEN were made to worry."V"OU may scream at a mouse,

corner there is happiness for the If this were so, I should disshudder at a worm, run from hope has sex. enough women, Worryingwoman who and own my it) a (I like for you

bring a new fidgety day nagfussy may women,faith. The women, before car a to butstinkbug—you will rush

friend, a letter, a heart made glad, ging women, gossiping women. save the life of a child; you will

a fault overcome, a task completed. How many men are happy around face a blizzard to give relief to a

But we cannot see happiness: it is them? (There may be no men sick friend; you would gladly give

what one feels when he hears music reading, so ask them.) your life to save a soul. So aren'tsung by hearts of people—it has a And yet, all worry is not negwe mostly afraid of little things?

light of its own, and lives in a ative. The kind that makes one Youth today says: "Who's

the look ahead and plan for the winter, afraid?"as they dare us to accuseseparate sphere—it dwells in

radiant light of people's eyes. the kind that protects health and them. Speed, height, distance they

'Though we travel the world over shuns danger are not useless. Needmeet without a fear. But they are

to find happiness, we must carry it less worries are childish and selfish. sensitive and afraid of criticism,

with us or we find it not."And The charming woman doesn't unkindness, and misunderstandso it is with charm. worry. She thinks—the problem ing. Faith kills fear, but likewise

faces facts, talks does fear deaden faith. Happiness, Charm may be called a city, a presents itself—she

great city of many thoroughfares. it over with those concerned, does charm, personality flee into

A city of possibilities and advenwhat she can about it, and then oblivion before this common tures, with challenging problems puts it aside. enemy. If you are afraid of peoand happy realization. There are Worry is a terrible bedfellow. ple, meet them often. Look outthree main streets: how you feel, Why can't we shed him as we do ward, forget self, make up your

how you look, and how you act. our clothes at night and wait until mind that nothing or nobody will

Busy streets, beautiful avenues, the day to wrestle with him again? hurt you, and that the people you

shady lanes, and, too, there are Worry could be a physical thing. are going to meet are just like you.

dark alleys here and there called What did you eat for dinner? Are Are you afraid to meet someone,

Worry, Regret, Fear, Selfpity, you all tired out? When did you the bishop perhaps, because you

Jealousy, Selfishness, and by other laugh and play and set your spirit haven't paid your tithing, or the names. But why talk about more? free? woman next door because you gosYou will find them yourself as soon siped about her, or to give your

as you put yourself on the rack of Regret speech because you are unprepared selfobservation. And then be or have a "funny"voice? Well,honest. We may "bluff"others, "DEGRET—another bad bedfel- fears are useless. Courage and

all deceive never can us himstaysbut with low, and he a man caution replace may them—and if it littleself. let will hard him. on "you."day Be a Oh! if we poise make for and charm. List

Stand your enemies in a row and were only possible to put him in your fears and see how many of give them enough gas to put them an iron chest and sink him in the them you can do without.

out forever. sea.

In this city, you will find hapAnyone can have regrets, but it SelfPky piness, too. Oh! not a sweet, takes character to forget the un-

"sickish"happiness like a cup of pleasant and ugly. Regrets are PEARS, sobs, sleepless hours,

cocoa, half sugar, but a happiness only of value in a lesson learned, morning with swollen eyes, little bittersweet not what has happened, but what front door banged shut, John gone,struggled for—aperhaps, or like wandering in a it has done to the individual. We everything haywire, all because of a

moist meadow at early morn listenare all a little bit delinquent, have forgotten birthday. Just a little

ing to the bird notes, inhaling the made mistakes, but that should lady not quite grown up. A little

-* THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

girl hangover. But shall we hope Jealousy usually follows in the company of another, she makes her

she won't try it too often? Men do wake of an "emotional jamboree,"defense under the rights of offended

not like crying girls or women. It and we sit home and nurse our dignity or righteous indignation.

is all right to weep over someone feelings and claim we hate men. After she is quite sure she is not to

else, they like that, but watch them By the way, do you know the blame for his straying away, then try to run when a woman shows definition for "manhater?""One she takes a stand for home, chilindications of a selfpity "spree."who fails to go over."Ladies, be dren, happiness, and who can

let down as very careful what you say about blame her? It is in her, inherent, toFor it is just that—a

loves. But, ifmuch as when a man turns to inmen—everyone knows you usually fight for the man she

toxication for expression. say unkind things about men with she only imagines hurts, slights,

Selfpity, the feeling that everywhom you have failed to "click."unfaithfulness, her silly little girlone is against you, closes you in on But when a woman finds her perish jealousy may drive him away

yourself. It is a danger signal, and fectly good husband seeking the frpm her. {Continued on page 515)

indicates you are tired out or ungrown up. Our lady made her

own trouble. Had she started reminding John one month ahead,

she might have had a diamond ring, a dinner up town, a picture show, a good night kiss, breakfast, a happy husband, and John wouldn't have said a swear word.

I know one woman who gives herself a birthday present so she won't feel neglected. But aren't we funny? Some of us weep because a

birthday is forgotten and some hope they will be forgotten. If

all the "fibs"in the world were lined up in a row, there would be more "fibs"about birthdates than any other thing. There would be

a line reaching from the earth to the end of everything and back again. But wait! I do know one

woman who tells the truth about her age. She looks older than she

is. No more selfpity if you believe

in charm.

Jealousy ()NE has chills and fever when she considers the trouble caused by this little word jealousy. If

you have never been jealous, you haven't really lived, loved, or learned. But it can be overcome

or outgrown. It belongs to childhood and should have been lost in

daisy fields long ago. If we could

but live to be interested in others so that their successes, wealth, fame, beauty, could make us proud and happy, jealousy would die and expression in approval would take its place. If we could love to the

happiness of the object of our affections, then we would feel the

SPEAKS MIRROR the love Jesus talkedpower of in the hall of the Lion House Social hangs THE Mirrot—itLION HOUSEstillabout. his This was Brigham Young's a lover, have If you and Center

happiness is centered in someone "Preen Forget not the frail rose for your cheeks, other than yourself, are you willing Yourself daintily, And see that your slender neck is like ivory to say: "I will give my love away Tumble and twist those lustrous locks, And your shoulders as smooth and round

to make him happy?"If so, you Arrange them thus and so as a visioned Diane;

really love, and then you will be Have theIn whitea rubyteethmiracleglistenof curves;as tiny pearls So Makestand yourselfin humblethusadmirationlovely.

better see I shall to be wish as you you but hiding instead of bitter, because you See to your eyes—modest loved. see otherwise.have tho'the world Infinite Even emotion.

R New Stake is Driven mobileis Speed.driver has been to blame and his chief sin

severe upon TATITH the organization of a stake on the We must become more and more

Hawaiian Islands, the Church takes another speeders. Those who race at high speed in traffic

step towards enlarging its boundaries. "The vine or upon roads that curve are potential manis running back over the wall"to other nations. slaughterers whether they ever kill a man or not.

If not, it is a in chance, most matter of they do established missions have been though Even as well as in cases. countries other in years for many

effort reduce be us all to should Every by made appropriate is there something Islands, Pacific the is to hazards. highway The organized memtaking about a stake—a all see least at at to it that one the car—ourvery bestown—ismethod of plan the of ber Church regularlyadministration—to perfectly control. times under of continent sea outside of the the islands of

America, first. When we begin to fear these fourwheeled dragons, then we may begin to control them.

Pacific Islanders, since the first member of the H. R. M.

Church first read the Book of Mormon, have been viewed as lineal descendents of the House of Israel. The fervor with which many islanders have emWhy Drown?

sacrifice to their willingness the braced Gospel and all classed be can drownings among "NTEARLY see to truth have as come they for everything the result deaths. preventable the they Usually, the teachings of it the preaching the through and

is water dangers ignorant the of of someone when the all to testimony bear to missionaries, seem is efficiency water. the or his in for daring too

recognition. this are deserving fact that they of

toll their usually exact months summer The in is driven be fitting the It stake should that small this cause. of deaths have from Those who venerable the J. Grant, President Heber Hawaii by those lot; children ditches in the water same and so much has done president the Church, of who first strange in waters without knowswim who to lands strange and to the taking Gospel toward ride those ing conditions stream; the the of who J. peoples. Elder Reuben presence strange of The carelessly; are are boats that overloaded handled or

First Presidency, Jr., the First in Counselor Clark,

those and cannot they go wading when swim who significance the of to the importance and added is high the those water dive from unknown; who served as emPresident occasion. has Clark

carelessly conplaces into strange into waters or the will American to South of bassador good others cretebottomed of these and pools—all reprecouncil, in countries with has sat them and reduce the drownings number of by taking America. States the of senting new could This United thought.

therefore, the Church, behalf of expedition on there are still a Furthermore, do not few who is dignity. given added an by his presence a person has become know how to handle who

In behalf of the other stakes of the Church and unconscious through being too long under water.

of the Missions everywhere, The Improvement Even some doctors do not understand very well

Era welcomes this newest stake into the splendid what to do under such circumstances. We have

family of stakes. It is hoped that the bonds of known of doctors who have stood a seemingly

brotherly love may tighten until there shall be drowned person on his head to get the water no more talk of war and dissension. H. R. M. out of his lungs. All of us who do not know

should invite a Boy Scout troop, a physician, or

Fourwheeled Dragons nurseSafetyto givemighta demonstration.well be stressed in our public

()UR highways are still infested with fourmeetings. Drownings can be reduced, therefore,

wheeled dragons in many cases operated by let us reduce them throughout the entire Church hairbrained operators. population. H. R. M.

If there were dumb animals in our land going,, up and down slaying people by the thousands and 1 lie COVer maiming them by the hundreds of thousands, we'd corral or kill them. Valuable dogs have "THE cover this month is a photograph taken

been killed before now, because they have, after from the air of the Utah State Capitol and years of gentleness, merely bitten the hand of a girl City Creek Canyon beyond. It is an official

or boy, yet these dragons of ours roar on killing photograph made by the Air Corps of the U. S.

here, maiming there. Army, 15th Photo Section, Crissy Field, San

In some cases pedestrians have invited death by Francisco, California. Memorial Park is in City

walking on the highway at night. Such an act Creek Canyon just at the right of the picture. This

is suicidal, but in the majority of cases the autoview is from the south looking north. H. R. M.

a

Maker of Music andthe lumber,then to assemblethe nails, thethebricks,glass,

Tribute to Professor Anthony the paint, the cement—all into

C. Lund, late director of the one harmonious whole.

Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir A great many people will live and die without ever building any

A FRIENDLY, talented man of the particular things which who has helped to make the have been mentioned. There is

music of the Church for many one thing, however, which all of his earthly ceasedyears has lives. singus can own build—our is dead; C.ing. Lund Anthony in after Life, all, is built much

but the harmonies which he led the same way as houses are built.

others to create and which have One takes a little sunshine and a been heard arojmd the world little shadow, a little laughter have not ceased; his music is and few tears, a little happiness

not dead; and for the work he and many heartaches and fashdid in making sound of beauty ions them into a life. All of

and in making people love such these things are held together in sounds the more, the memory of the heart, tempered by the spirit, "Tony"Lund will live on. and made into a personality—

Existing, if one has food, life.

water, air and shelter, is not a PROFESSOR ANTHONY C. LUND Fortunately, the general plan

feat of appreciable magnitude; of life is known. It is called the

millions do that without giving a thought. LivGospel. The Master came to establish a pattern

is putting into the rouand to point the way.ing is more than that—ittine of existence meaning, purpose, color, harWhen we really set out to build a life we

mony. It is bringing to others a glimpse of such assemble the materials. These may be called exmeaning and purpose, color and harmony. It is periences. To quite an extent we can govern these.

living beyond self and in forgetfulness of self in We may sit at home and have few experiences or interest in others. Innumerable are those who we may get out into the big stream and have

have known moments, or hours, or years made many. At home or in the stream, however, we

more lovely through this man, because of the lovecan still choose to some extent our experiences. We

liness their beautystarved ears heard through may have those which will strengthen character, him. To help others help themselves is admittedly build a strong and virile intellectuality, promote

a great thing; to help others to create songs of a fine spirituality or we can select those that will

praise is an immeasurable contribution to the richdissipate our mental and physical energies, weaken ness and abundance of living. our characters, and ruin our walls.

the watchDiscipline—mental spelldiscipline—is sat in congregations friends who To life. of build word a magnificent would him who the his baton, memthe under music withbound able his be best force eyes to must read to the He strangers endure. will long With of thisory man ears his listen books, his music, to to the best unearthly the heard sat lands in various andwho heart to best respond to the impulses. must He air guided the over strains coming theloveliness of

float. not teachable. row, remain must He endure. will for long gratitude his baton, himby practice must the catch can imyou strength—ifHe its wingitself understandably go on mightMusic sentence. port of that

ed way in greater glory and beauty because of the The Gospel gives the builder longdistance

Professor it Lund. of the efforts givenimpetus by It views. to the points behe may goal—what as not only in immortal memory on He lives it come, but also says for being what he must be,

well. as friend, helper teacher, asmusician, and but is becoming.

bits of the precious there are remember whoMany is It a great to joy build a own, life—one's fabric the into harmonious hephilosophy wove it is a great responsibility but also. We cannot acts for his himof his teaching; many who know get off rises, it at it as look and unfortunately and,

of friendship; many for the gentle helpfulness of our friends will not tell us where it is out of

created interest. has ahis counsel Such and man and plumb must we not—bemerely instrument far those of cannot—perhaps beyondharmonies lieve enemies. our see the mistakes can always We for voice. a andor Lund, was Such "Tony"man friends see their structure. in our can make We

did, does the he Church him and waswhat used they have put too when and have much mud left, the people the mourn. vacancy he Forhonor. in a plank, weak that or gables awry, have gone

For the beauty he put into lives, great gratitude but we cannot see our own.

is his.- E. T. B. In our dilemma, we turn to the preacher and

to his works. We read the scripture, both ancient

little a little and modern, here a and hew andBuilding a Life there. wise, are in for Church, if we We attend

"THERE is pleasure in the creation of physical Church we hear those things proclaimed in a things such as houses, bridges, roads, and forgeneral way which fitted particularly to our own tunes. Nearly everybody loves to plan a building cases may help us with our structure.

The SOUBy Gil Mathew was just a "stooge"to Beth Lewis, when she entered the class in accounting—a studious

SAMUEL TAYLOR person who would serve as a crutch to assist her to a

Illustrated by good mark in the class without much work—but she

N. J. COTTERELL learned that he flayed tennis rather well and that

brought on complications.

"SAY, HE'S YOUR STOOGE, NOT MINE.""DON'T WORRY, I'M NOT LETTING HIM GO."wrp

J- HIS/* True Quail I going? To the house of one J. got to have two beautiful friendwas saying, "promises to be the P. Owens. He runs a drug store. ships."

hardest quarter of my college But all the drugs in the world She laughed. "Why don't you

career."He paused, but when Beth can't change his daughter, Stella."try studying for a change?"

did not reply he continued: "I'm True's wide shoulders shrugged. "As a gentleman, I did not hear

stuck with psych 73 and comp 8. "But Stella's so bright she dazzles, that remark, Miss... You?"

Prof. Barlow never follows any and she's a psych major.""Easy. Groups full. I'm playtext in his psychology classes, they Beth chuckled in sympathy. ing the easy profs. It's a slide,

say. And comp 8 is short stories. "And comp 8?"except for accounting."

at her sharply. "AreYou have to turn in stuff. No way "Don't torture me! The name's He looked

can't take acout. No apple polishing."Maybelle Gooch."you insane? You

the counting. stooges,"Beth surShe shrug- "And Listen—.""Gooch? You're well heeledmised, "are ged. "I bit homely."at that one."

there, True. She's—-."it's hopeless. the truth. "Worse, "No; True sighed.

class she "Well, in either business not a thingNothing, Dad—youare. He's ought to be a genius know men how

with brains combined with even a or at least a marvel, the looks she's going to give me a job next spring.

shade of looks. I marvel how you got. Compensation. But me I can type."

have both. No; don't simper. listen, Beth. Three months, do "Let it glide by. Who's the

I'm too far in the mire. Where am you hear? For a whole quarter I've stooge?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A U G U 5 t 19 3 5

Beth made a wry face. "He's receiving the neatest shellacking ever

straight out of a book. You could administered on a tennis court."

shingle a roof with his freckles. "This Gil Mathew, you mean

Shy? I gave him a coy grin in he plays tennis? He beat you?"

class today and I thought he'd "Without trying. True, you're

catch fire, he went that red. But outclassed; there's another interGil Mathew's an honor student, collegiate conference champion next

so I pass accounting."spring. Gil's good; I mean good."

"Contacted him yet?""I never heard of him."

"He shoves a broom in the "He's never played around women's gym of an evening. And school, but he will this year. Do

purely by accident I left a book in you know that for the past three my locker there."years he's worked twelve hours a

day and carried a full course? It's

Gilbert math- a fact. NRA finally caught up

EW was playing tennis with, with him and made him cut down.

and talking to, himself. Standing He only works six hours now, in

thirty yards from a wall of the addition to sweeping the gym, so gymnasium, he was rebounding the he'll have time for extracurricular tennis ball, alternately forehand activities. Those are his words,

and backhand. Effortlessly, and you'll eat 'em. He's practicingsmoothly he swung the racket, the for the oratorical contest—fourball going low, rebounding, strikmonths in advance—and he's going the floor, coming up to meet ing out for debating. Keeps up

the racket. Kuplut... pud... kutennis on a backboard. Don't

plut... pud... "How far have laugh at that. Fred Perry did the

I meanwe gone from democracy?"he was same. The man—Gil,

saying, speaking slowly, rhythis a marvel. You never saw such

—"thematically.idea of"Whenevery firstpud—"mankuplut ambition.""I thought he was just yourin a government"kuplut—accounting stooge."

ernment—'.""having an equalThevoice ballin thatangledgovveneer!""Showingshe criedthe beasthappily.beneath the

sharply and Gil, turning to strike "Wait'll I see Maybelle tonight, it, saw the girl standing by the then I'll te,ll you about my apparinorth wall. He gulped, flushing. tion,"True grinned. Beth winced

"Wonderful,"Beth exclaimed, at the pun. "Playing tennis toclapping. "Marvelous."morrow?"he asked.

"It's a s-spspeech,"he stam- "Yes. And if you're there at

mered. fivethirty you can play a set. But

"I don't mean that. The tennis be on time, because Gil studies from

form, lad. Flawless."six to eight every morning."

"Nobody but me is supposed to True grimaced. "I'll bet he

be in here,"he said meaningly. gorges spinach and carries small

"I just came to get a book I left change in a purse. Never mind,

in my locker. An accounting I'll get up."

book.with—why,I'm havingaren'ttheyouworstGilberttime jt\.T fivefifteen next

Mathew? Of course! I wonder morning Beth and Gil were on the

if you'd be so kind as to show courts. Beth played her best

me—."good enough to make her singles

champion at Hanford—but Gil's

"Well,"True Quail said manunerring placement, his smooth, infully next afternoon, "nobody can credible steadiness, were too much.

say I don't work my way through True arrived near the end of the college. I would avidly break set. Beth introduced him, and

rocks rather than go through last True suggested a set.

Stella again.night towith procan't play you,"And "B-but—I

testednight it's Maybelle. the freckled one. you "You're.. How'd

come out?"-—-why, you're conference cham-

"With Gil? He's marvelous!"pion—.""Like—say, I do believe you acTrue laughed away the modesty,

tually mean that."and they began. Beth noticed a

"See these starry eyes? They're difference in Gil's playing. It was

drooping. Why? Because I was not merely that he had stiffer comup with the birds. Little Beth up petition; no, it was something else.

at five, and at a quarter past I was Nervous, erratic, Gil's smooth form

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 *

was gone. He muffed easy shots, himself. If only he could have fall quarter camepopped up balls for True to smash, started out strongly. Next week iHE

netted, overdrove the court, doublehe received another setback. The into the last week. True took

faulted. True swept through a pairings for the fall tennis tournaStella and Maybelle out on alterlove set. ment matched Gil against True in nate nights, showing them a good

"Guess I didn't offer much comthe first round. Beth wondered if time, being the perfect, romantic

petition. Sorry. Have to study. he would default. He appeared, gentleman, giving, in his fashion,

Thanks."however, at the appointed time. He value for services rendered. Beth

Watching Gil go, first beam of was sniffling, wiping his nose with owed the same to Gil; but there

the morning sun striking the red a handkerchief. was the matter of pride. She wantdate, with- a her for to ask ed him smiled.hair, "Backboard "Anything True wrong—except It him. Thurstrapping was out fright?"she asked.player,"with satisfaction. he said

before the Christmas day, the day muttered. snapped. wait!"he Beth "I'm sick,""You holidays, the in ushered that

alibis. grinning. raised his eyebrows, hated She turned ball BethTrue

Beth sat by Gil during the daily to True. "Looks like you take it that she went over to the women's

find Gil, his sweepto said in accounting. sharply, loud gymnasium default,"she periodlab He plugby simulpracticing usual ing done, as hear. to she copying. the figures, for Gil Butged enough

speech tennis his taneously and his redhead, quesit the she a smiling grunted who, by "No,"was latter oratorical contest, the for the differencetion, playing."the between found "I'm

off. still a month exthe accrued thedeferred warming and Before end of payments

orathat to ought know "You really it spotted Gil shepenses, period, Beth knew and up was who said. she tion,"gathered a transsick. in posting,errors had crowd was when A agreed, missing to,"he "Have trial first exhibition balthe public the to threwposed number watch

I tone. her the edge of "When facile, off. the conference champion. Sharp, Bethance Ruwas by

I the front get in of crowd up a that to got problem pounce aroundthe one mors had Mathew on to think."be able won't

it tennis Wallace, in a unravel good. few minutes; was prettyand over the holidoing you "What too coach, hand. the haul. longGil pulled Gil was was on

"Never had a better stooge,"ill to be made nervous by the days?"

Beth told True the night before crowd. It took all his attention "Got the job of balancing the

the debating tryouts. "How's to watch the ball. He played books for the station. Lucky."

Stella and Maybelle?"steadily, smoothly, without a "Going to the Christmas ball

They were driving under the wasted effort. True's steaming tomorrow night?"

moon in True's low, topless roaddrives were too much, but with the He met her eyes. There was a

ster. He grimaced. "Please. I'm score 3-0, the pace of the play long moment. She could have said

I feel seemed to clear Gil's head, and something and she should at leastfed up. Both of 'em—well,sorry, in a way. They've never slowly he rounded into form. On have softened her face; but there

the fifth through in he broke irritation game bit ofhad pride and a friends. That is, not was

."service, True's then there and that she bethe was obliknowledgethe type—any boy

"Not the type of Terrific True, gan a truly epic battle. True was gated to this stooge.

you mean. You're a rat and you on top of his form, his every powTrue Quail squired her to the

ought to be ashamed."erful shot blasting at the corners Christmas ball. She went home

He nodded soberly. "Someof the court; his service was blindfor the holidays but was back for

times I think it might be best to ing, his smashes brought applause. New Year's Eve. With True she

get in and study. Actually I do."Gil was playing like clockwork. danced the New Year in at the

With the score fiveall, True took Gym, with a shouting mob jamthe next game. Gil came back packed around them. When the OETH was on hand

for the debating tryouts next to even it, climb a game ahead. whistles began to blow True shoutafternoon. True had brought The lead sawed back and forth, ed. People were milling around,

Stella Owens. He was first to each man taking his service. Gil shouting, laughing, filling the air

speak. Beth sensed instantly that finally broke through, then took with serpentine and confetti.

he was not well prepared. But his service and the first set, 1816. Frenzied, a trifle hysterical, they

True had stage presence. Easily, "If you're sick,"Beth whispered seemed not happy so much as desmoothly, he talked, stretching his, to him as he went around the net fiant. New Year. Beth thought

points, inserting irrelevant but to change sides, "then best wishes of savages leaping around a fire, catchy illustrations. Gil Mathew for a continued epidemic."working up a hysteria of courage.

was next. He was visibly shaking He passed apparently without A wad of confetti struck her in the

and his voice broke on the first hearing her. True was serving. face. "Happy New Year!"She

sentence. A titter did not help Gil lunged for the ball, stumbled, laughed. The orchesta was playhim. He began to stammer, closed the racket clattering out of his hand, ing "Auld Lang Syne"and she

his mouth and fought for control, and he sprawled on the court. The danced, True holding her closely.

spoke again, blurting out facts, unthinking laugh of the spectators "I could be sentimental,"he was spewing figures and data on the asdied as he remained motionless. saying. He was strong, protecting.

signed subject. Just before his Beth ran to him, turned."him over. They were, everyone was, on the

frontier, fighting eternity. They time was up he was speaking pow- "I'm—all right—

erfully, but that was too late. "He's sick!"she cried. "He danced again, again. They danced

Beth felt sorry for Gil, and to can't play. Can't you see he's to show they were strong, to show

an extent resentful. He defeated sick?"they were happy; they danced to

.

4- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 become tired, to numb the acute- a hundred dollars and a gold medal. What I want to say is thanks.."Iness of perception, to avoid thinkGil survived the eliminations and wouldn't have won unless—

ing. Everybody was friendly, was one of the five who would talk "It's a trick as old as the stage

realizing that each needed the cour- a half hour each on a subject of his itself,"she said, without looking age of the other, that all were own choosing. True had brought at him. "I saw you were nervous,

transient beings. New Year. Mary Chamberlain, his new stooge so I... It always works."

Others had danced before, others in bacteriology. She sat on the "Oh,"he said after they had

would dance again; they were front row as he spoke. True held walked a block. "Well, thanks."

dancing now. the audience, dominated it; he was

received in acanother Beth A easily the speaker, Later, the hysteria fourth the and was soothed, taking counting. She was two

far, action, Gil so only winner with proximityby with by quarter, classes spring Gil the with others. speak. yet to the for Beth thankful was Mathew of the being psychology secondnight, reGil, in befor the the wings. protection of Beth was True ligion. realization that the With

her, side the breathing hard. crowd.and She True was happy was final this of period the formal was

as of applause, burst finished tired, rode a to they home, happy, years last school, sixteen bit the of sleepy, the into forgetful, wings. relax to ready came bowed, and

felt classrooms, inevitable of the she luck."next, Gil. in the to a "You'reand wake morning Good the characterizes sadness which

asstrong if to Gil that a motion walk never world new made would senior class. a Quail had True

feel stage, hesitated,end. the as could out on of She but the play

stooge. Maybelle had new GoochTrue's shouldermuscles as he if the stage were a pool and he was school during out of dropped middrove; air cold face. poised can't!""I above. he her fanned high

Stella quarter. the winter term of

car forgot. "I've stopped, muttered. I don't The some "Need still hopebut numbed, was Owens

Igas,"can't saying. go a word! remember on!"sudBeth was True

ful. tennis, for Gil out went makall instantdenly the four In that awake. Gil was Mathew despite ing the squad True'swas coming out of the station, hair months of preparation went against antagonism. Since bested Gil hadtouseled, a built him. in inkpen still clutched had up He too much contest, oratorical in the him True

fingers.stained the for climax, he could not and his taken hide pains to enhad no

it. face half gallons,"His open, Gil "Three mouth was True said. mity.

obeyed without speaking. Beth hands fumbling one another. Imis a fool,"True saidthought of the mob in the gym. pulsively, Beth put her arms "The coach

Gil had been alone. He had looked around him and then gave him a to Beth. "I told him Gil didn't

straight at eternity when the whisgentle push. Gil Mathew walked have the tournament temperament.

tles were blowing. He had not out on the stage, bowed to the Wait and see. He'll blow to

shouted nor danced. He stood in judges, and in a clear voice began, heaven."

the doorway as True drove away, "How far have we gone from Beth waited, and she saw. The

watching the red tail light grow democracy?..."tense atmosphere of a match

smaller. "I'm a humpbacked walrus,"brought out the best in True Quail,

"I've been to the registrar's ofmurmured True Quail, eying Beth. but Gil became nervous, hurried,

fice,"True said to her the next Beth happened to be standing in erratic. Playing against State, Gil

Friday. the archway when Gil, flushed and lost his match against a mediocre

Beth shrugged, then said tartly: happy, emerged from the audiplayer.

"What if I did get an A in accounttorium. They walked in the dark- "Guess I haven't the tournament

ing?"ness, feet crunching in the cold temperament,"he said to Beth the

"Nothing, except you're out of snow. He spoke, finally, "Beth, next afternoon. They were in the

library, gathering material for thethe union. You studied."tonight—I was so nervous—it

for psychology of re- "I did not!"she defended hotly. seemed—I knew I couldn't. And term paper

ligion."I never opened a book! It wasn't then when you—when you—

my fault that old Thiele gave me Well, it took my mind off things "True's been talking to you."an A. He likes me."—excited me in another way. "He's right."

True was shaking his head. "He's jealous."

a fibber"You're and you know Gil at her, looked rising blood it,"// / But Knew gets advised calmly.he "Nobody face. to his that,"said. Beth "Not Wayland Dona By in ac- A at looked again It her She book. anything—especially

I"lines, so I read without study many and tellcounting—an not WONDER—when to Gil the do would im-

* this in written Conceived and modern it.plenty Sure, smile of a lovely pression her. he had made on age,will generally pass you, and a good Studying Fox, John Martin will the bear of years ones brunt Whichstooge will rate you a B—but an and live Luther, Joseph Smith, and otherA spells work, Beth."He shrugBeyond my little span,—will on a page religious leaders, she had been contheir leave history songs which mark;ged. "You've gone soft. I'm Of verted to James'observaWilliam

I singashamed."ection that seemingly such men, still Will dead be and sung when I am right, I studied! "All Go spread centric, volatile, be attuned might gone.

it around, why don't you?"No gold could ever give me half the joy to higher, more subtle and sub-

I That would I tract vibrations feel—if of a metaphysical knew—thatlittle verse Could some day write—oneI but nature possess nerand so might IHE Edgar F. Hansen or song

in vous,oratorical contest for the systems inadequate was midOr leave one thought so rare—it could not

die. conflicts years earth.January. of this True For two common

Quail had taken the first prize of (Continued on page 513) of The Business By GLADYS WAGSTAFF PINNEY Staff, Radio Station KSL, Salt Lake City, Utah

j presentation. I would "sound effects,"timing and the

.C"suggest before you sit necessity of limited casts. I also

down to write that studied how a radio script was "grand idea"which written—the exact form, sequence

you've felt for days would by sequence and with this precious make a great radio play, that knowledge, I was able to submit you visit your nearest radio that first, AllImportant chapter station and watch the producfor The Story of Mary and John.

tion of a radio play. Most of Here, let me quote from J. H.

the larger stations allow MacLatchy's volume, "Education

Air": and welcome—visitors. Usually On The

there is someone employed by the It is always the writing that matters station who will gladly answer any most in a radio play, and the greatest of your questions concerning the problemable writers.radio dramaIt is hasaxiomatictoday isthatto attractplayproduction and you will see—writing is difficult. The comparatively

this. stories short novels have and We goes a out of radio drama know—howwhich is the only way you can truly few good plays written in a year is proof galore, of plays only but a handful worth! over the ether waves it may Then

is "rara. doing. a playwright good A the that Production be Manager a is avis."radio "rardramatist good A

will allow you to look at a radio issima avis."That is why so much timescript. Usually he has numerous on the air is given to adaptation of stage

ones on that are being plays and novels. But radio must develop

its realize writers, writers that own who considered,hand—playswritten by experienced in their a swift they maintain pace must

therefore, and, radio playwrights will radio say they have what correct to say sequence. asset can out in form and an make plays—whobriefly, who

Perhaps you will say: "But I ofbe theabledifficultyto takeof advantageinvisibility.of Theythe specialmust

couldn't just go into a radio station opportunities radio offers, the appeal toand ask such a favor!"I did. A the imagination, the freedom from the

little over three years ago. I decumbersome mechanics of the theatre, the

effects to that use subtle would like write opportunity cided that I to would stage, be the lost on intimacy and an im1933, fortyone millargest so to the radio plays I wentDURING to possible achieve in other any medium.

lion dollars were spent for radio station in my home town and From such writers will come the radio'radio entertainment on The watched, not one—but ten or drama of the future.

National Broadcasting and Columtwelve radio plays under producbia Broadcasting networks alone. tion. Then I made an appoint- "piRST of all, as with all writing,

Another million and a half dollars ment with the Program Director you must have something inmight be added from the aggregate of the station and told him exactly teresting about which to write.

income of hundreds of independent what I wanted to do and asked if I All the essentials of stage playradio stations. This means that might see a radio script. As it hapwriting must be there: an excellent

many thousands of dollars were pened, a new series was under displot, distinct characterization, atspent"continuities"—thejust for programname ideasby whichand cussionstation, andto submitI was permitteda script forbytheirthe mosphere,and punch.appeal,Thesuspense,most soughtaction

all radio script is known. consideration. The opening chapafter radio scripts must have all

This article is intended for those ter of what has proven to be a these things and, in addition, work who have turned interested eyes popular feature after three years on up nicely and logically to a big toward the glamorous field of radio the air, was accepted and I launched climax. The greater the punch,

play writing and who have wonupon my career as a radio playthe better. Whether it be a climax

dered how manuscripts may be wright! Since then I have sold, to of action, emotion or heart appeal

directed with lucrative results to date, over seven hundred radio—see that your play has punch!

this point, radio playthe various radio stations. plays—all of which have been proFrom

Radio play writing is a highly duced and gone out over the air. writing differs essentially from

specialized field and in order that stage playwriting. Radio depends

your manuscript may hold the atYFJ1TH that first radio script in upon sound! Everything must be

tention of a radio station "Conmy hands, I compared all I told with words or sound. It is

tinuity Editor,"it is quite neceshad seen of a play during radio quite useless to write, as you would sary that you have some knowledge presentation and got some idea of for a play: "Perkins enters the

of how to prepare scripts for radio the tremendous importance of room with Mr. Hasting's overcoat

RADIO PLAYWRITING You may have a desire to write for radio—if so y

here are some hints from the most prolific of the interand sales are easily made. Only a

mountain radio writers. Missionaries who are somefew weeks ago while in San Frantimes asked to write a continuity for a station will find cisco, I sold fourteen onehalf hour

plays to the Program Director of agreed this article helpful. a local station there—and

to supply him with others when those have been broadcast. He is

and lays it over the back of a you with much of this technique producing two halfhour dramas chair."You must hear Perkins and prove a fascinating occupation weekly for sponsors over his staenter the room. There will be the in the bargain. I should like to tion and his need for "playable"

sound of a door opening and closadd, however, that every large radio material was acute.

ing, footsteps, and Perkins will studio has on hand a "catalog"of I have sold to both the NBC and say: "Your overcoat, sir. I'll put "sound effects"—records, and these CBS networks by submitting mait here, over the chair."In other are often used in conjunction with terial for consideration and being

words, your play must be written the production of a play. rewarded by substantial checks in

and presented in such a manner Radio plays are timed, during due time. The field for Radio Play

that your unseen audience will last rehearsals, to a split second and Marketing is as large as the dotted know exactly what is happening are usually broadcast in fifteen minmap showing the locations of large every second! This brings us to ute and halfhour periods. Due to radio stations. Going out after

great the air, cost of neverending consistent, of the formthe sales "sound time on by feature ula of successfuleffects"—partradio playwriting. radio avpopular the most seems "Key"I to be the only work

fifteen minutes only. have found to success. Sound effects and words—the enderages

less chain of action put into words, good words, well written and A LLOW me to repeat, radio play TF, then, you think you would like strung skillfully together on a writing is a highly specialized to try your luck in radio, visit strong thread of plot construction, returns your nearest radio station, watch field—but the monetary

constitute a producible radio play. from radio play writing today are plays in production repeatedly

more than satisfactory to the averthen obtain a good script and study

AATHAT are "sound effects?"age writer. In fact, large sums it as you would a lesson book.

They are nothing more than are being paid to the better ones After that, try your hand at writthe sound of a bit of action you and as a radio play may be proing one of your own. Like story

first may not be good. want depicted. Such things as the duced on one station and then sold, writing—the

slamming of a door, the starting of or syndicated, to dozens of others, Nor the tenth. But after a while

an automobile motor, a boat whis- a writer's income becomes just as you'll master the peculiar technique tle, the cry of a baby (which, Ingreat as is his capacity for hard necessary for radio play writing.

cidentally is produced most realistwork and consistent output. There is no such thing, however,

ically by blowing against a silk Marketing radio scripts follows as being "overstocked"with the hankerchief on a leather cushion!); very closely the routine of marketeditors of large radio broadcasting

stories or articles to magazines. stations! They are waiting with rain on the roof—any one of the ing

thousand and one sounds which The radio play is typed, bound open arms for the good radio play!

sent The following are some of the will produce horror, anxiety, sormade presentable—and then

row or suspense within the hearts to the "Continuity Editor"of stations that purchase plays conof your listeners, as you choose. radio stations for consideration. I sistently:

plays a times rule of submitting follow some bit of "sound Many stations to business"into a only written I have which I feel are ContinuityStation KOA,Editor:1370 Krameria Street, Denradio script has given the "sound large enough to be maintaining ver, Colorado. "Always interested in

script."seeing or, in a good technician"programs "sustained"hours of work, many—

AlJournal, Station Albuquerque KOB, experimenting programs other producing words with various plays Mexico. "Buying buqerque, New I this get effort at their expense. the to produce "props"in an own continually."

sound that will tally, exactly, with information from radio catalogs National Broadcasting Co., 1 1 1 Sutter

the action written into the play. much on the order of magazines Street, San Francisco, Calif. "Buy outAll "sound effects"are tried out in put out for the benefit of short side materials. Payment $25.00 per

script."an "audition a loud story writers, etc. room"—over Little Theatre Off Times Square, The

speaker from an adjoining studio However, with the exception of Charles P. Hughes Productions, Inc.,

so that the sound may be ascerpayment received from networks, 535 Cornelia Avenue, Chicago. "Send

tained to a nicety before going out the best money is paid by stations for specification sheet before writing for per Payment, $50.00 program. the air. over

script."I have neither space nor time here Inc., (also Carter Publication, who"sponsors"—firmsare producingwhodramaspay themfor WBAP,this

to go into the myriad means of profor the entertainment provided in Station WFAA), Fort Worth, Texas.

ducing various sound effects. A the time alloted to them on the air. "Always glad to see a good script."

visit, as I have mentioned, to your In such cases, the Continuity EdGrand Hotel, Willis Cooper, Nat'l Broadnearest radio station will acquaint itor is on the alert for good plays (Continued on page 512)

One Day Song for a Sunny Day Trail Song

By Christie Lund By Gladys Hendrickson By Cristel Hastings did not know at morning that that THERE'S a little golden person [ ET'S follow a trail to the skyline'sWEday In the sunshine on my table; *-* rim

Would blossom into such a lovely flower, Her feet are quick and nimble A trail that will take us far!

A day for which less blessed mortals pray And her gown is apple green. One that will touch the very clouds

brief, unsulliedAnd never is pert sweet She and hour and saucy. And maybe a distant star! find—a

sits you and I watched, wordlessly, sheWhen upon the As my thimble, earth And she tells me, quite convincingly. There's a windswept trail that runs to the

Surrender and submerge itself in night, She's just dropped in for tea. sea!

And saw their union give a star its birth, She dances on the frosted cakes Its cliffs are drenched with spray!

evening'sThe cup. peeps around first, shy trembling point And The wind my is like wine—there's salt in the

light. of air, She doesn't care that things such

Aren't done; In a cove where the tall masts sway!

We had no premonition, did not guess Then, in a sudden shadow,

How rare a thing we'd bartered with life Her form is swallowed up. A meadow I know has a wide green trail

for; I look to see a cloud Through grass that is spangled deep

It passed as gently as the rustling dress Before the sun! With daisies like stars in the summer dusk

her passesOf to who by come no more. When the long blue shadows creep.

till it,Not we lost then only and then, "> *C*f@S,&lf—

We saw how poor all other days had been. No matter which way the trail may lead,

A Prayer Be it mountain or meadow or shore

Garden Dream By Mabel West Lillie I'llTogo, a ifcabinat duskwiththewideopenway leadsdoor!home

By Florence Hartman Townsend THAT she come back to her pain

Dear God, I could not ask, to goingT'M plant a garden in the spring, strength each only day But The Voice* very first—'twill presence here My her thing! be a joyous cheery Without

To do my task. By Emily Clowes Burke

I don't know what to plant or how or when, to smile For her warm their silent way, they went May, light my way, INBut there pray; not God, I do must be a vine to tempt the wren. Dear loved ones of The my heart

courage, only staunch But dreams, hopes and my youth. My

vivid,And there must be a tree to filter light, lovely memories And misty Away! Through dawnWhen underneath the moon I walk at To light each day. "Oh, Life,"I wept, "thou artand gray!

night. A breath, a sigh, in truth!"

A lily pool would be a lovely place Alway, the flowers of the May

To mirror purple flags and Queen Ann's Tethered With me a vigil kept lace. By Gertrude Hood McCarthy Yet they,In solitudetoo soon,andalltrust;pallid lay

aI'd want walk of pebbles rimmed phlox, with THERE'S something in the sight of newAndMywithSleepersmy Sleepersof the sleptdust!

turned soil beds of zinniasAnd fragrant and stocks;

That makes these not our thoughts go winging down One lines, I pray—day—doubt the years.A clump of white syringa at the door; a voice cadence sweet, In

It brings long to mind thousand yellowA thrilled: more. spirit dear! "My My roses—maybe laughter, too, and, Gay it said, clay? "beside the stay,"hoursyes—ofof steadyscaldingtoil, Why

tears.And deep within the Rejoice! and garden, dim comforted! Be

A shelteredsweet, nook, where loving hearts may The love of soilcreated pioneers, I am not there. I'm here!"

meet. That urged brave men and women on to

dare The dangers of strange lands, to banish The Song of the Mocking fears, Choosing And make from wilderness a garden fair. Bird

By Kerstine Seaman Hall Lydia restless child, a By Like not who knows how like toT'D a have cottage nor where * Nestled in the pine I ever heard, song the things close lie so which To find

I'd like to it filled have bird. with joyous yours, hand, at THEI think,sweetestwas O mocking

Things all mine. We drift to marts, to catch the rainbow In all the world there cannot be

There I'd live in peace and solitude there, More beauty in a melody;

Away from grief and pain, But find our hearts are tethered to the And when at dawn, when skies are clear

But if you were to come along land. And summer days are long, I hear

I'd risk love again. Those golden notes that softly float

I'd desert my little cottage, What is the tie that holds us, though we From out your small, grayfeathered

Give all my things a shove roam? throat.

toJust be with you once more Is it mine, takes heart wing, bird of O that land to us means love—and My

love. have yourAnd divine. soars heights with home? you to And

.

LIGHTS and SHADOWS on the SCREEN

BLACK FURY (First National) A and a spoiled English heiress falls in stark realistic portrayal of life in a coal HPHE members of the "Era"staff love with him. Lovely scenes in and

mining district. The entire cast is view and evaluate pictures in around the Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix,

most capable, the direction skillful and all possible cases. When this with a whirlwind ending in the conthe photography notable. Adults. cannot be done, the estimates of fusion of London and the beauty of

Break of Hearts (RKORadio) groups of people organized for English country estates. Family and

Aptly named is this romance of two this especial purpose are taken. Junior Matinees.

musicians, a young composer and her The groups previewing pictures THE GLASS KEY (Paramount).

philandering conductor husband. At and presenting representative The principals are well cast and protimes the photography of Miss Hepopinions are: Nat'I Daughters duction smoothly executed, though

burn is breathtakingly beautiful. of the American Revolution; far from pleasant. Adults.

children.Adults. Mature for (Columbia). THE HOUR MEN OF

the newsreel through (RKORadio) men The Informer. A Nat'Women;I SocietyGen. FederationNew EnglandWomFollowing

skillfully directed, wellacted picture. en's Clubs; California Congress fires and exciting happenings to the

Mature. of Parents and Teachers; Nat'final capture of a ruthless gang of

criminals. Romance and adventure OUR LITTLE GIRL (Fox). A triCouncil Jewish Women; Womangle story affecting the happiness of a en's University Club. in a picture of fair entertainment quallittle child. The Scottie puppy must They indicate audience classiities. Family.

child the as overlooked, be he and G.not in (M. the Fleet Murder fications as follows: Children—. Visiting excellent team. Charming, an one of the daymake on Navy M.) years; to 14 up Adolescents—up

cruisers, a installation, a secret Family.wholesome and entertaining. and years; to 18 People—18 Young

rest, at the murderer (Fox). Doubting Thomas A years; 25 vicious work—for to 25 Adults—over a faithful the cast development swiftgood, of and murder with a fine comedy of these years. advice comThe

see direction, formula, will mystery and with romance you whereinsmooth is: the mittees, "Se- "Era,"and

in bit. a a excitement crooningRogers novel comedy and and Family and those to lect pictures. your Go

in serious thanJunior Matinee. amusing More type. Stay setting. are of fine you know

its people. emphasis. (First Adults young and Into Dance Go Your that those you from know away

. 1 efforts the a sucofNational) G. Public M.). Through (M. Hero No objectionable. are trashy or Your

cessful dancer, an erstwhile Broadway admission ticket is a definite conAnother story taken from today's headsinger stages a "comeback."Family. tribution toward setting stanlines which tells of the heroic efforts of

Star of Midnight (RKORadio). dards of production."Federal men to draw a farflung net

When, a Broadway scandalmonger is about the dangerous criminals who killed and a popular actress kidnaped, menace the safety of the public. Prison

thrills outbreaks, guns, persuave, and machinea lawyer his bibulous and all the ages. to understandable Much suspense, interspersedsistent, of with harddrinking, comedy equally wouldstories the comedian's pattern usual of

a kind thread of grim fiancee a and somewhat in the sursolve abe mystery situations laughable truly some with strain. lighten to the romance Well sophisticated,prising Smart, manner.

efficient supporting "gags."and An tensely balanced entertaining. and direction,fastmoving, sparkling with average smoothcast than more and people. Adults and cast young capable clevera risque and many ness. Family. (Universal).innuendoes. From Adults. RAVEN THE clever young Yourself. A Calm stories, the Raven,"Gold "The "The Oil the for China of Lamps faculty full ideas with a of and man, others, Poe. Realistic Allen Bug,"and settings Edgar by (Warner-F. of N.). trouble, opens in getting involved for

tale in the of weird which hands order, the changing underChina and A disfor a Yourself"agency "Calm these the experts in the two realm ofvivid direction touches of color add and in succeeds tressed winding people and will uncanny too for prove grim anypersuasion to contrasting the of drama misskein tangled of a into himself stouthearted. the but Adults. loyalties.points of and view Mature

identities, accidental dogkid-and taken A.-ReliIt children. 'Em (U. Letfor Have

all endromances, crossed napings, and the trend ance). Following current (Monogram). HEALER The An slapstick Rollicking climax. in a ing pictures the of based to interest the governinappeal the nation's upon

reason, nonsense, or without rhyme drive against ment's crime, organized for children. being crippled donework

for share laughs a of with but good this is particular lays setting production rustic em- a in springsThe warm the family. scientific phasis dealinthe methods chief character upon mountains, the and

Ori- (Universal). CHINA SQUAD

is ing as as idealistic with the crime well physicianan almost upon who clues ental intrigue of confusion a and resourcefulness braverydeflected the Fedof and his service goal from of by baffle the Franhomicide of San squad is eral It interestacted wella men. temptress. and wealthy obSomewhat

settings cisco's of Chinatown. Murky ing, leading blazstory, in through acted, sincerely ofvious a moments with

fair cafes melowaterfront. Only and ing action firethrilling a strong to play forest and a gun climax a of and complicated overly drama, somewhat climax.small people. Adults heroism. boy's and young Family.

The Keeper of the Bees (M oncand unreal. Adults. The Man Who Knew Too Much

ogram). A good picturization of the College Scandal (Paramount). (BritishGaumont). Tense, violent

popular old story. Scenes of the bee- A mixture of comedy and melodrama, melodrama well knit with elements of

keeping and backgrounds on the coast interestingly produced. Adults and excellent comedy and strong human

of Monterey are interesting, with a young people. interest. Opening scenes in Sweden

nice emphasis upon the healing power Cowboy Millionaire (Lesserare quiet and lovely, then a swift murof faith and simple living in the reFox). Novel, modern treatment of the der which brings international complicreation of an injured war veteran. western drama idea. A young cowboy cations and the need of swift thinking

Family, especially BeeHive Workers. in possession of a valuable mine and and desperate action to avert threatened

ALIBI IKE (Warner-F. N.). Baseworking temporarily as a guide, eninjury to a kidnaped child and yet

ball comedy of particular interest to counters swift adventure when a "conbring a ruthless criminal to justice. A

lovers of the sport and yet amusingly fidence"man attempts to swindle him strong story, well acted. Adults.

tests class, given were as a to Congregational Singing the accuracy the How Well Can We Sing? songsdetermine which with

the Church years ago CEVERAL class studies reveal the individual existence various of the members"DECENT urged bishops Music Committee the songs. an *-* could sing All had had differences of individual and types

in musical talent. Those studies reequal opportunity to learn the songs and ward choristers to inaugurate the

lated to singing ability show us a rather and the individual performance of each policy of training the people of the the in of the by wards Church hymns his based be undoubtedly on would classification definite genin people of after the practice occasional song an general his sensitiveness musical and the characters ineral as to of various least regular at evening meeting once the alertness. of The descriptions Irrespective of dividual performance.

a practice did become not month. The singing follow: as a factor, training person every when general, in those very wards but

he sings will give a type of performGroup A. Those pupils who when where the attempt was made, there

ance which can be described. As for singing individually, sang all songs acwas a marked improvement in the

example, if you limit the analysis of curately with strict adherence to the congregational singing. As a people

the singing of people in general to their pitch of every tone in every song. we are not singing as well in congreability to sing in pitch, you could Group B. Those pupils who when gational capacity as we did a generacheck rather easily the various tones of singing individually, exhibited the tion ago, due, no doubt, to the in-

a given song and give an accurate accharacteristic of being slightly inaccreasing use of small groups and solocount of the number of tones sung in curate, such as missing the pitch of ists in our services. The power and

pitch and the number sung out of the second tone of a different interval, influence of congregational singing pitch. Since singing in pitch is funsinging "flat,"etc. ought to work among us just as

to satisfactorydamental performance, it to order ever has. as strongly In C. Those pupils Group who when

ability person's a to function properly congregasinging as a our improve individually, singing from wandered is in de- a singing situation Saints with acquaint wholly the to tion, and into tune, the or suddenly modulated the his ability larger to a in tune. ourpendent sing of hymns, on number substituted a tunes key, or new new the urges a classification basis general Music Committee of ChurchOn this phrases, placed for certain but when

is, give to encouragement bishopssingers again that those be made, may singers to be held with could Group A Saints to inviting the idea the to of sing in can those tune andwho who a unison. a least in a once take at part monthcannot.

Group D. Those pupils who when song service, either before, during, or

this hasten at point must We individually, to singing manifested time the after the regular meeting—the thebring question the of effect of up same characteristics as Group in C pupils to be determined by the bishop

training with the deficient. Let me but when placed with Group A pupils accord with local conditions.

quote from William S. Larson, Chaircould not be held to a unison throughOne good way to get it started

man of the Music Education Departout an entire song. might be to select some event in the

ment of the Eastman School of Music, Group E. Those pupils who could ward calendar and prepare some speand probably the foremost investigator not sing any tone of any song in pitch, cial hymns for it. The Committee

in States the United phase on this is practiced in that whatever of not even the intial tone as given by believes practice.music says "Many,"Mr. these "sings"taken from should be the examiner,

Larson, "will the present argument facilitate the S. L. Hymns. D. To to look far have One does notthat all of a members group of would choice in a thestart the to help with and

exercise during singing aattain if congregation a satisfactory proficiency, the suggests the Committee hymns proper teaching method's and techto discover members of the above following as suitable and desirable niques were in evidence. While not groups, which is quite conclusive evisongs for every Latterday Saint to

doubting that there can be improvedence that the characteristics persist know:

ment of methods of teaching music, the into adulthood. No. 8 Think Gently of the Erring

controversies about methods of teachIt is evident from these classificaOne ing really serve only as a smoke screen tions, that a choir made up entirely 23 A Poor Wayfaring Man of which tends to envelop and conceal of A and B Groups would be as fine Grief

Follow Come, obtained. possibly as could bethe Me When 24 fundamental issue involved,—that 26 Praise from singers are God in, a doubtmixed Whom all individualof differences C in musical Group

talent."In other words, referring to ful factor appears in the matter of blessings Flow (Sing all

our problem, the innate ability to sense strict adherence to pitch. Should parts)

pitch is not the thing which is changed Group D or E singers be included, a 29 Prayer is the Soul's Sincere by training. With good teaching definite discordant element would be Desire

Trial Deepening 33 Though introduced. allmethods, a that we of group know

all written) as parts (Singdeficient singers it is will improve but better sing a can group no That is the a for Feast There 102 knowledgecommon conductors its among is elements, of than component Preparing Righteousthat persons trained to sing in tune to the plain course everyone, above but to 113 Glory High on Godhave ability the not right to themselves a basis singers gives us which by may with Abide 180 Meor in keep tune extraordinary when a the for chosen choral be where body Greenland's Icy Moun187 Fromconditions off put as pitch them is excellence highest do required. This tains

those are gifted. innately who to discussion construed not must be to the 188 Joy World

Investigations made among some have any reference to tone quality, 203 The Trials of the Present six thousand school children in the first which is an entirely different element Day and second grades admitted of a five in beautiful singing and in some ways 254 The StarSpangled Banner as equally in tune; as singing important of Ages 289 Rockpoint classification their in individual to the adherence element of strict but to Raise God, Thee Our 419 Wesinging of songs varying ability. Ten is pitch absolutely fundamental all, are of not and them some to These

degrees of difficulty were taught to the satisfactory singing. With all other might not be chosen; study the topical

children by a "class wise"procedure. elements present and this one lacking index for suitable songs for all occaAfter the children had mastered these a rendition is ruined. sions.

filthy and pestithe less any beWard Teachers'Message for Sept., 1935 filementardly discrimination? Can moral deIs a in lential in than woman? man

for fear shunned to be leper less male Moral Education needthey warningneed counselof theandfarreachingadvice. effectsThey a than of contagion woman similarly

immorality. consequences of serious and are stricken? in the conditions world ORAL an in Smith, F. Joseph President strict sexin which esteem low The serious.M the "Unchastity, entitled article Domis an is held currently morality ual guidespecially, need people, Young wrote: the Age,"of "No Evil inant nato the danger positive of element greater a to questions moralance on the disfigures cancer loathsome more say to institution, a as tion human history the in time atextent than any

... society today. soul of and body of debauching the wholesale of nothing have race. before Never theof human blasin the land It skulks through deagainst offense Divine as souls an to at influences been workso many of laws the defiance of God phemous as examples cree. awful such With souls of very men. thedestroy

openly known Whether man. of and is of it a matter furnishes, history perprominent of Teachings many of cloak the concealed under partly or should that governments astonishment picin suggestions motionsons, some in are results potent the secrecy, guilty disinteto the oblivious nearly be so certain of articles types intures and

evil influence."violaspringing forces from grating in newspapers, andmagazines and standefinite a teaches gospel their The the amongst tions law of moral people are givingbooks, young many is standard morality. This of dard stated, as already For, citizenry. morality.false of standards or all old members, binding upon is individual the of education the while

is apparently makadversary The is stanIt female. the or male young, imof basal community the condition

effort to lead possibleing every chasstrict purity of personal and young dard will be laws regulatory provement, unchastity, into and immoralitypeople clean to be teaches tity. us gospel The flourishes. long as crime necessary as

of leading them means of the surestone thoughts and actions. in our and pure the Greece, ancient of The grandeur condemnation.into apostasy and permeate should message This rulers once the proud the majesty of Rome,

Young people, as a rule, are anxious homes of Latterday Saints and be the of the world, have disappeared; and

to do what is right; but with so many burden of moral teachings in all Latthe verdict of history specifies the

influences at work to lead them astray terday Saint institutions. prevalence of sexual immorality as

-4KJd*0- among the chief of the destructive those of

... AcUnchastity the Dominant disfigurestoday thanthe thebodyfrightfuland soulafflictionof societyof mightyagencies peopleby whichwas effected.the fall

history cording of Mormon to Book vitiates It sin. the very founEvil of the Age sexual incontinent was once the American its foul life, bequeaths and tains of

By President Joseph F. Smith effects to the yet unborn as a legacy of habited by two peoples known respecLamanites. as The Nephites tively and city, in It in hamlet lurks and

a or a death. character of community throughout progressivepHE were former a as hovel in the the and mansion

career; the individual of they built their is the * nation of part sum a great it in for prey; wait and beast ravening

qualities of its component members. To skulks through the land in blasphemcities and cultivated the arts of civilisay so is to voice at once an ordinary ous defiance of the laws of God and of zation; and as long as they lived in

platitude and an axiom of profound man. righteousness they prospered. The

import. The stability of a material Sexual union is lawful in wedlock, Lamanites were of nomadic habits,

structure depends upon the integrity and, if participated in with right intent and, except for brief intervals of comof its several parts and the maintenance is honorable and sanctifying. But parative peace, were in a state of agof a proper correlation of the units in without the bonds of marriage, sexual gressive enmity against their Nephite

harmony with the laws of forces. The indulgence is a debasing sin abomincontemporaries. The most blessed pesame may be said of institutions, sysable in the sight of Deity. riod of ancient American history was

tems, and organizations in general. Infidelity to marriage vows is a fruitthat of the first two centuries of the

Some of the gravest mistakes of ful source of divorce, with its long Christian era, during which the people men, in administrative affairs, in politrain of attendant evils, not the least of lived in purity and virtue. Of that

it came to passtics, in statesmanship, are the consewhich are the shame and dishonor intime we read: "And

quences of misdirected efforts to flicted on unfortunate though innothat there was no contention in the of love which because of the God as a the fabricstrengthen whole ineffects of land, children. dreadful cent The

people. the hearts of the in did dwell to measures remedialstead of applying the errto adultery be confined cannot

the defective parts, or correcting the ing participants. Whether openly And there were no envyings, nor strifes,

discordant relationship. When citizens known or partly concealed under the no tumults, nor whoredoms, nor lycan be taught to live right lives, the cloak of guilty secrecy, the results are ings, nor murders, nor any manner

there surely could lasciviousness; of and the nation of perpetuitygrandeur and influence. in evil immortal potent The

all the a people happier be among notwill be assured. tabernacle spirits to earth that to come

the created been people had by who flesh right be the to of in have in bodies be has come to known What 15, of Nephi 16). (4 God"hand are parents evil wellborn, through social as literature the whopresent day

is a subject of perennial discussion, and free from the contamination of sexual But this virtuous and happy state the means proposed for dealing with it vice. was followed by an era of abominable

are topics of contention and debate. It is a deplorable fact that society excesses; and prominent among the

That the public conscience is aroused persists in holding woman to stricter sins that led to the death of the nation to the seriousness of the dire condiaccount than man in the matter of was that of sexual impurity and gention due to sexual immorality is a sexual offense. What shadow of exeral lasciviousness. As the prophets

promising indication of prospective cuse, not to speak of justification, can had predicted, the Nephites degenerbetterment. No more loathsome cancer be found for this outrageous and cow- (Corttinued on page 509)

Aaronic Priesthood Restoraon May 18, although a large number of members who had not received word tion Anniversary Celebrated of a postponement visited the temple.

ChurchWide pletedOn Maywith25 severalthe celebrationhundred wasmemberscomPARTICIPATION in the Aaronic of the Priesthood attending. President

Priesthood restoration anniversary Robert D. Young of the Manti Temcelebration on May 18 extended over ple directed the visit of the group to

the entire Church. Probably never the temple grounds.

before has such interest been shown in Pilgrimages were also made to the this important and significant annigrave of Elder Orson Hyde in the versary. Thousands of members of the Spring City cemetery and to the graves

Aaronic Priesthood with their leaders, of prominent Manti pioneers in the members of bishoprics and stake prescemetery near the temple.

idencies and parents of the boys participated. In the Era for July the ThreePoint Campaign

celebration at the Salt Lake Temple was described. In this issue the gathINCREASED activity in Aaronic

erings at other temples and temple sites Priesthood quorums, particularly in are reported. the filling of assignments, is reported

At the temple at Mesa, Arizona, an from practically all parts in the Church.

audience estimated at 5,000 people The campaign has directed attention to the duties of the of membersgathered for the presentation a of

Aaronic Priesthood and activitypageant depicting the history and proin AARONICJOSEPH SMITHPRIESTHOODAND BEINGOLIVERCONFERREDCOWDERYUPONAS responsibilities PRIESTHOOD PAGEANT AARONIC in a quorum enPORTRAYED IN verygress of the Aaronic Priesthood. Autos AT MESA TEMPLE couraging in manner, resulting the fillthelined for highway a half mile. The

ing of assignments more at than anypageant presented was at the temple, every effort to to be member have made in the past. time floodedwhich light. was Presiwith the in the Priesthood of Aaronic

large of requests The for numberdent John the of Cummard Maricopa fill least assignment. at one Church information regarding assignments andStake presidency estimated that 80% Bishoprics, cooperation of quorum The for interpretations indicates rethatof the stake Aaronic Priesthood memcorrelation committee supervisors and interest newed has resulted the frombers were present. this possible. will members Some make campaign. Reports total of the as- a letter In to the Presiding result. this Bishopric, already achieved have wards

filled signments are being tabunowPresident said: calls of teaching the three for "It Cummard a Point was lated office in the of the Presidingglorious it occasion is living. and tears important. clean brought This Bishopric results the and will be pubto the eyes of acthey Cleanliness many speech thought, when of thought and lished in the September Era. Several is 1that this years of as the living 00 necessary are to Priesthood tion proper stakes have reported that the of quotaand it successful is how today. Christ. of of Jesus the Church members The assignments for the entire year havevivid portrayal of the will the be teachings in Prophet and These quorums

filled. already beenOliver certainly Cowdery a the durthroughout touchsupported was Church

ing sight for to see, them as also Teachers, September by the Ward the Points Two and Three Need ing telling the of.workings subject. the Priestof of the phase in at least one Stress

today."hood is title the of the Education""Moral It is urged that for the balance

It for that of Teachers month. Message Inclement weather interfered with the year special stress be given to points

chastity, stress will puritythe personal celebration and at the Manti Temple three. and two calls Point for two an clean living. phases of important

At Independence, Missouri, the celebration was held in the chapel, a few hundred feet from the temple lot. At

this historic place a splendid program was given with the Saints of Independence joining with members of the

Aaronic Priesthood.

In the Era for September celebrations at other temple sites will be described.

Prepare Now For Fall Activity "YKT1TH the coming of September and the close of the vacation season, Priesthood quorums increase activity. It is an opportune time to set

the quorums in order and to put into effect whatever plans are made for the winter. Organizations, where incomSCENE FROM AARONIC PRIESTHOOD PAGEANT AT

MESA TEMPLE, COMMEMORATING RESTORATION

OF THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD <- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

plete, should be perfected, the study or beautifying stake or ward grounds; As in combating physical maladies, so

and activity programs should be outcleaning or renovating stake or ward in the treatment of moral contagion, lined and new life put into the work houses, cleaning windows, yards, prothe individual should be rendered imin every possible way. It is urged that viding wood or other fuel for widows, mune, so far as possible, by instruction

the ward and stake committees set repairing stake or ward fences, sidein hygienic living, and by innoculation regular times for meeting and that defiwalks, bridges, etc., and in the winter with the spirit of righteousness; and,

nite programs covering every phase of time removing of icicles from Church coincidentally, every possible effort is the work be outlined early. buildings and making the walks safe required to check the spread of the

for people going to Church and any plague by community sanitation. The

inKolob Stake Aaronic Priestspecialpoints shallassignmentsbe givenor foractivity.keepingTwothe decencycurrent inanddress,commonthe floodcustomof immoralof

hood Campaign word of wisdom, three points for ward fiction in printed literature, in the teaching, three points for gathering drama, and notably in moving picture excellent contained suggestions"THE fast offerings. testiexhibitions, the toleration bearing for of immodTwo

bulletin issued Stake * in a for by Kolob conversation the dead. esty in everyday and debaptism mony, two for

are published as a guide to supervisors "Have as nearly as possible all teachmeanor, are doing deadly work in the who desire to promote increased acers and priests active in ward teaching. fostering of souldestroying vice.

tivity: "Each one holding the Aaronic Like many bodily diseases, sexual

"The Campaign will run for a period Priesthood should fill at least one ascrime drags with itself a train of other of six months, commencing Jan. 1, signment before June 30, 1935. Bishills. As the physical effects of drunk1935, and ending June 30, 1935. ops and Supervisors should make all enness entail the deterioration of tis-

"Every boy in Kolob Stake of assignments in rotation. sue and disturbance of vital functions,

Aaronic Priesthood age, between 12 "All leaders of Aaronic Priesthood and so render the body receptive to and 20 years of age is eligible. Those Quorums in Sunday School, M. I. A. any distemper to which it may be exover this age may be entered with the and Seminary and Supervisors of posed, and at the same time lower the

consent of the Bishop and Supervisor. Aaronic Priesthood work, should conpowers of resistance even to fatal de-

"All boys earning 220 points during duct a 12 months campaign in clean ficiency, so does unchastity expose the the campaign will be taken on a four living. soul to divers spiritual maladies, and

day trip to Mirror Lake. Boys enter- "Encourage the quorum presidencies rob it of both resistance and recuperaing late must make a proportional to conduct their own meetings."tive ability. The adulterous generanumber of points to the time he is }> 4 tion of Christ's day was deaf to the

entered. voice of truth, and through their dis-

"The Priest, Teacher and Deacon eased state of mind and heart, sought with the highest number of points in Unchastity the after signs and preferred empty fable the Stake at the end of each quarter to the message of salvation.

will have the privilege of speaking for Dominant Evil The Gospel of Jesus Christ is the five minutes during the Quarterly Divinely ordained panacea for the illsConference. of the Rqe that afflict humanity, and preemi-

"Points in the Campaign will be (Continued from page 507) nently so for the dread affliction of sexual sin. Note the teachings of theawarded as follows: One point will be allowed for each of the following Master while He ministered among

sufferance and by Divine attended: in themeetings Priesthood were primarily Quoated, their men flesh—they enemies as a nation. destroyd them directed School, to individual probityrum, Sunday and rec- M. I. A., Sacrament Meeting, Quarterly Conference And the Lamanites, though victors in titude of life. The letter of the Mosaic

(one point for each session), Genealogthe struggle, have fallen to the present Law was superseded by the spirit of ical Meeting, Priesthood Union Meetdegraded status of the American Inpersonal devotion to the right. "Ye

tell dian. Archaeologists us that

it foring. said will heard,"said "that the have points be granted He, was Two bones Indian taken from at Fastthe attendance times, shalt Meeting. of old not them 25 human by Thou

of this bear country unmismounds adultery: inpoints you, for enrollment Seminary I say and unto commit But

takable to testimony the prevalence points coursean looketh whosoever additional 25 of That when the on a woman diseases syphilitic and allied among the in to lust the spring. adulis completed committed boy after her hath Any

that has graduated from Seminary will ancient Americans. tery with her already in his heart"

nation Is our to bring modern uponreceive points. (Matt. 50 itself may 5:27,28). The sin

destructive the depravdoom of the spring point the sensual will be given for peritself thought, from "One forming each of the following: adminity? The forces of disintegration are lustful glance; just as murder is often

istering or passing the sacrament, perat work throughout the land, and they the fruitage of hatred or covetousness.

forming baptism, ushering, praying operate as insidiously as does the virus We accept without reservation or (in meeting or class), speaking or of deadly contagion. A nationwide qualification the affirmation of Deity

giving lesson, studying Priesthood lesawakening to the need of personal through an ancient Nephite prophet:

son, assisting Bishop, paying tithing sanitation and of rigorous reform in "For I, the Lord God, delight in the (credit can be allowed only once each the matter of sexual morality is dechastity of women. And whoredoms

month), reviving an inactive member manded by the exigencies of the times. are an abomination before Me. Thus

who has been absent four consecutive saith the Lord of Hosts."

times, assisting in recreational events, in We hold that sexual sin is second productions, house management, taking The Spirit of Sportsmanship only to the shedding of innocent blood, of tickets, electricians, stage hands, Sir Henry Newbolt in the category of personal crimes;

shalltransportation that adulterer preparations the for or conno and have set the cause renown, above ferences, social or part historical exaltation in blessed. pilgrimthe the of TO the love prize, the beyond game To ages, assisting in construction, as the of the proclaim remodelword We strike while honor you him down, To

ing, repairing decorating or stake or Lord: fearless conies that foe eyes; with The

ward buildings; assisting as instructors To count the life of battle good, "Thou shalt not commit adultery."or coach in Scouting, Vanguard or M And dear the land that gave you birth; "He that looketh on a woman to lust

Men activities; assisting Relief Society And dearer yet the Brotherhood after her, or if any shall commit adulin welfare work and aid to the poor That binds the brave of all the earth."tery in their hearts, they shall not have

and unemployed; assisting in cleaning the Spirit, but shall deny the faith."

.

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. Y. M. M. A.

ALBERT FOX, E. BOWENI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM. GEORGE Q. MORRIS LUCY GRANT CANNON,

L. FRANKLIN WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM,

Executive Secretary SALT33 BISHOP'SLAKE CITY,BUILDINGUTAH ELSIE HOGAN VANSecretaryNOY,

The M. I. A. Program conceptism has intoincorporatedits organizationalthe communitydevelJunior1. "HappyDepartment:Landings, Youth!"by

193536 opment from the beginning."Marba C. Josephson. Junior Girls

this will year off"in "take imagian 2. cultural course. "Reading—a officers all order that and A. M. I.TN all airplane nary experience the and of as in the Department. Adult Same

leaders become department may thrills thereto. attendant vision Their 3. cultural course. the genacquaintedthoroughly with "Hobbies"—a life will their of enlarged, be underas in the Department. Adult eral acSame plan, the courses study of and standing deepened. Voyage! Bon

tivities of the AsImprovement Mutual 2. "Let cultural course Act"—-a Us Department: Men heresociation give for 193536, M we Hinckley. Helen course This 1.—by a Leadership synopsis the Joseph of ofwith program. Those "The

is so intriguing that only not Junior officers Smith,"prepared to well Evans. John wish be by Henry who How girls Gleaners, fancy but we Men, M fall things the willbefore season about do many commences you know Seniors all will Adults reading and be

it a their to to secure the authority,find Joseph Smith? advantage not One

it. If try never have you to wantedliterature early. of our Church, member states—"The

skill this acting at will your before great only ever that has America man are General each In Plan: manual give urge. the you

is the Smith, produced Joseph Mor- a three courses offound 3. "Social cultural study—one, great prophet, because he and was mon Dancing"—areligious, course, to semireligious or Carr. simple Armand A is ideas. he the of only had He man course—by givenbe the fourth second on and discussion the of history technique and ideas arisen that has in America."This evenings of each covTuesday month, interspersed of dancing with many course will acintimately you make fifteenering the evenings; other about demonstrations. last the quainted the with of Prophet culturaltwo, courses, to be given on

the first and third Tuesday evenings dispensation. Explorers Department:

of each month covering about seven 2. "Public Address"—a cultural The new Explorer program ofevenings each. The cultural courses course—by Floyed G. Eyre. It is the Senior Scouting of the National Counprovide for many demonstrations and purpose of this activity to give the M cil of the Boy Scouts of America, as

activities. men of the Church a definite and varied outlined in "Log of the Explorer Trail

practice in the art of public address. Number 5,"and the "National Senior

Adult Department: Program Guide Book."Explorer The cultural of "Use the Story"-—a is of a development our former the of 1 "Brigham Young the Man Harrison Merrill and program R. course—by3. in Vanguard national program and isHour,"de- D. Widtsoe. by Leah is Elsie A Brandley. a delight- T. This

lightful portrayal of the great pioneer fully prepared course for joint considerscope. It adds some exceptionally atthrough intimate, personal incidents ation on the first Tuesday evening of tractive features, supplying a wellfor

achievements.in his life and accounts of outstanding each month for M Men and Gleaners. balancedyoung menand15 tocomplete17 yearsprogramof age. The

spiritual, citizenship training, charGleaner Department: 2. cultural course

acter "Reading"—a building, social and cultural

Merrill. Harrison thisby R. "In leadership of Joseph 1. "The are especially phases strong.

course to assist an effort is to be made Smith, by John Henry Evans. While

every member to learn to catch the this course appears in both the M Men Scout Department:

hidden meaning, the glories which lurk and Gleaner manuals it is expected that "Scouting in the L. D. S. Church"

among the words on the printed page. usually the groups will meet separately is a guide for M. I. A. Scoutmasters and

Words are like raindrops; their connofor its discussion. Occasionally, howExplorer Leaders. It sets down the

tations form the rainbow which hovers ever, if desired the groups may comprinciples involved in applying to the over the work of art."bine. National Scout Program to troops in

3. "Hobbies"-—-a cultural course by 2. "The Art of Hospitality"—culthe L. D. S. Church. While the basic

principles of in are the Scouting sameClaire. Stewart Boyer Charlotte and tural S. Williams. Helen course—by all troops, reason of our by uniqueStewart. "Leisure time time. is hobby proficient in the cannot become "You

There are hours waiting to be filled, art of hospitality overnight; it rather and effective Church organization and

worthily, joyously, satisfactorily."has to grow up with you and your our religious convictions Scout prinfamily, in your everyday contacts ciples are applied in a distinctive manner to L. D. S. boys.Senior Department: with each other—mother, father,

1. "Community High Road to brother, and sister. It has to do with BeeHive Department:

behavior, manners courtesy and andBetter Things,"by Geddes. Dr. Joseph the year This marks Anniver20th consideration for each other right represents of the"The community one Girls. at sary of BeeHive organizaThe home."most important present avenues day success. tion a has reached point of high

through time which surplus and money 3. "Use information Complete organizing for Story"—cultural

tasks to the ofmay be harnessed buildcourse is Gleaners to be and carrying forward the program for MofMentheand ing superior conditions in cities, towns, discussed together on the first Tuesday given in the 1935 edition of the villages and hamlets.... Mormonof each month. handbook.

NETZAHUALCOYOTL

By Poet King 01 Mexico ANTOINE R. IVINS

of the First Council A Member Aztecs. The city he ruled over my comfort and aid, because he is of the Seventy

had a population of 200,000 who the cause of all things."

lived in 30,000 houses, divided inThis man was a poet and philwas in the year 1492 that to 30 districts in each of which was osopher. Witness the above and

carried on a separate art or inthe following which I have transITChristopher Columbus discovered America and carried back dustry. His court was a most lated from a pamphlet sent out, in

one. sumptuous Spanish, by the Mexican Governher peogold-hungryto Spain and

justice his people in govern To ment.ple of and strange news a new the established councils of he

in thecountry. year 1519 It was of of Treasury, Justice, and is like worn of the world out pomp effected the Cortezthat Herman War THE to a Prescorrespond willows: green howso-ever which would which,

conquest of Mexico City, capitol ident's cabinet in these days. much they desire to live on, are consumed

empire. the Aztecof wonderful fire, the unexpected destroyed by by also, established Schools, were

laid axe, the cold north by woodman's low years before Ninety Columbus told, are in which by him we old or bent wind, and age saddened by and historic his voyage and onemade history, poetry, music, astronomy, its the robes decrepitude; purple follow

hundred and seventeen before Corgrammar, and the art of divination rose in color and fortune; the beauty of

tez approached the City of Mexico, were taught. which lasts while the avaricious buds take

particles conserve the those up and whichthere in the valley of born was temples the Of many congeals pearl rich into economand he caused dawn princeling Indian anMexico erected to to the be most extraordiically liquid oyer into but makes dew, whom was given the name of Netnary was that dedicated to the hardly does the father of the wind direct zahualcoyotl. No doubt, his proud worship of the Unknown God upon her even the slightest ray of its light

freshness despoiled are beauty when her andparents great expected things of stained never were whose altars fiery color, her by causing purple so in which rule his forhim, line to he stood in sacrifice. there, Neither were human herself, she to dressed proudly and fade

people and every effort must have therein, images to the Omnipotent wither....

been made to prepare him for this God.

great responsibility. He said, "The idols of stone and A LL things of earth have an end, for in

its the festive career ** of conceits most the the they assumed cannot age of 26 he hear wood, if At and feel, fall gallantries fail, their and they powersreins less of create government then bethe they and could much cast are into the pit. and whole round The

gan one of the wisest and most heavens, the earth and man, the earth is a sepulchre; there is nothing which

beneficent reigns of Mexican hisLord of all things. This must be she produces which in mercy she does not

tory, according to what has been the work of an all powerful God in hide interred in her bosom....

passed down to us by their hiswhom, alone, I must confide for torians. IF you were asked about our illustrious

* ancestors what would you say? The

He was a Chichimec and one of MOTHER'S AND DAUGHTER'S BANQUET same that I would say. I know nothing.

the most powerful allies of the FOURTH WARD, 0GDEN STAKE I know nothing because the first and the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, t 9 3 5 &

last are confounded in clay. That which room overlooking the city's flower age begins anew, The golden years

happened to them will come to us.... market within the shadow of the return,"and I wondered if under

Italy's leadership in the of Trinity Church, of dominatis towers to heaven where all us aspire is ing at the present rooms where spirit which he and 1821. The corrupts.LETeternal The and nothing

horror of the sepulchre is as a crooning his friend and deathbed companmoment carrying forward a stucradle to the sun and the dismal shadows ion, the artist Joseph Severau, lived pendous program of excavation, of stars. brilliant lights to the as No one has if the old

celestial pictures, for and worked is now a Shelley and improving, of enlarging, these to change power as at ptesent they serve the immense granKeats Memorial and contains many splendor of dead years would redeur of the author, our eyes behold the interesting reminders of them and turn to add to the enchantment of same as did those of the past and as those their work. In the Protestant the Eternal City.

will also. future the of near cemetery the pyramid Roman

}> 4 died Cestius Gaius where 12 who to surprising rather It be may are graves B. C. is entombed, conlived in a find that such Amerman Business of The the taining the of Keats and body early date ica this the at but more

ashes of Shelley drowned who was respect studies the more one them Radio PlayWriting I visited in 1822. near Genoa As little people, for this has he known (Continued from page 503) lives these places the of thought and the present forebears the day of

Mexican Indian. of the ancients and of those two $

brilliant fragments of life in a time casting Co., Chicago, 111. "Send for

> 4f not so long before my own, and of script outline. $50.00 per play immyself standing there among the mediately after production."

Broadcasting Co., ByWCAU, WCAU loved touched and had

plays. berryPhiladelphla, Pa. "BuyingROME—Glimpses there presthey while were play."$5.00 per—stillthings they

I felt ent only in memory. Broadcasting Lincoln, how Co., KFAB, KFAB City Eternal of the

material. Nebr. outside life some "Buy to seems ephemeral compared

(Continued page 482 from per drama."Payment, $3.50 of things, the permanence then and

Station International Broadcasting KWKH, fr—4 I recalled the words of Keats in Co., La. KennonwoodShreveport,

we wished in vain for a glimpse of which he expresses his creed, his "Send along good plays. Payment,

His Holiness. We had to content assurance of at least one perma- $10.00."

Station Atlantic Broadcasting WABC, ourselves with the perhaps far more nent thing in the world—beauty: Corp., City. "In market for New York

beautiful statues of the immortal "A thing of beauty is a joy forever; plays. Payment $7.50."

Venus, Apollo, and all their lovely Its loveliness increases.

It shall never pass into nothingness; contemporaries marble in gleaming there a r e UNDOUBTEDLY the of hands wrought men by countless stations other radio Spite of despondence, of the inhuman visioned the divine and whose eyes dearth material outside purchasing from

paintings that will go on thrilling Of noble natures, of gloomy days, writers.'The above I have conthose gaze upon them down who price of a and sold. The shape of beauty Some moves away the pall tacted ages. through coming radio play, for a fifteenwhether spirits."our dark Prom

The old Roman Wall fourteen minute period or a halfhour miles towers its watch long with I felt that I had already period, the And is about same—ranging intervals, at a the aqueducts in tribseen the Eternal beauty enough to per script. $85.00 from $3.50

ute to the engineering ability of City, if I only could retain its imPayment depends pretty much upantiquity, the ruins of the great press upon my spirit, to move away on how big and how affluent is old public baths that would acany pall for many years. the station and sponsor in need of

commodate from 1,600 to 4,000 I thought, too, of those lines material. Small stations, however,

people, the remnants of the ancient from 'Prometheus Unbound,"pay only from $3.50 to $5.00 per

Forum, of the temples, of the written by Shelley not far from the script. Begin by selling the small

triumphal arches, Emperor Hadplace where his ashes now lie, in ones and it will not be long before rian's Tomb near the bridge of the the ruined Baths of Caracalla you will get offers from the larger vision of Saint Angelo, the Panwhere many treasures of art were stations. Radio is magic! Today

theon, most perfect and best prefound and from the wall of which you are wholly unknown, tomorserved of the ancient buildings a splendid view of the campagna row your name has gone out across all stories marvelous have of into the their may be had: "The world's great countless worthy a passthan of more own very officemiles—possiblyof a listening producer!

ing phrase, as do the gleaming white That is only a small part of the colossal monument to Victor Emthrill and glamor of writing for manual II on the terrace of which Rural Song the newest and most fascinating,is the grave of Italy's unknown By Afton Clegg field of dramatic expression. Wait

warrior, and the magnificent Musuntil you hear your words, sudsolini stadium with its white ath- T LIKE the little quiet towns, denly coming to you from the letic statues and towering shaft, a * With lanes and lilac trees carved, covered disk of your loud little a-flying low, winds And tribute to the magnetic permoving life words—given bees. lazy, droning is sonality that as And as potent today carried over I like curling the feathery,—Yourbeauty—smoke-—colorspeaker! Italy's rulers. past any of endless areas into streets; thousands narrow, and winding The

Of special interest to me is a little But most of all, in little towns, thousands of homes! Your

apartment at 26 Piazza di Spagna I like the garden seats. thoughts, your ideas your play!

where the poet Keats died in a little Try it!

* THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

The Squeeze straight.out the book store, back very There'sa bright anyoungopeningman."at the office for

(Continued from page

this True Quail you've 501)4 murmured"What aTrue.guy for"Toohappeningbad. Howin,""Meaning"Who's what?"

Beth wondered; was Gil handiabout that joint term paper?"mentioned so casually in your let-

a too system nervous shut up!"she cried, and ters?""Oh,capped by "Forget it."

sensitive out. for ran people most to comserious. job, the "I'm About so experienceprehend? he Did the the accounting Gil cut and old anyway. an Hanford As ordithe poignantly moremuch refor classes the psychology I'll a take student alumnus from further, things, did henary go and Saturthe week. of mainder That here. If a haven't recommendyoureacting stimuli a to which man against his Caldday match he won I'll see the ation prexy says."what exlike did Quail not True if know well wondered Beth Normal. for the you,""I have Beth man this,isted? sense and True Did it disillusionhis sting the of were said, a voice. to her edge sudden

it?resent forgetful of which him ment made decide. can those "But See you

the crowd, which numbed sometwo over there by the center court?

vjtIL won his match at thing in him and left only the The good looking one is True.

the next meet. Beth saw him animal, calm and sure, on the That skinny one with the freckles is

stride out on the court, lips tight, courts. Monday he was attending Gil Mathew. It's one of those two.

eyes blazing, and with a cdld, classes, but he ignored Beth. He You decide which. They'll probmethodical display of form defeat was a novice at snubbing; the mere ably meet in the finals."

Johnstone, Aggie captain, in act of looking the other way took "I'll decide,"said M. M., "after

straight sets, 6-4, 6-2, 6-1. She all his attention. By the end of the tournament."

heard about it the next day from the week he recognized her presence, In the first round True swept

True, whom she met in the book but of course neither suggested that through his man in championship store. "I was talking with the they study together any more. form. Gil, playing smoothly,

coach in the locker room,"True That week he won his tennis overwhelmed Dewar, of Teacher's said. "Before the match. Thought match, as he did the succeeding college.

we were alone. I was telling him Saturday. The season closed, with "Good work, Gil,"Beth comthat Gil had no place on the team. Hanford taking the conference plimented as he came off the court.

Then as we went out I saw Gil championship. He smiled, lips tight. "I'll win

sitting behind the next row of this tournament,"he said signifilockers. course heard, he and Of it I to you. "And I owe invitation tennis lHE take to the did he Johnstonehow I mind what tournament, individual cantly.thought—never to crowncleaners!"

I thought—but more now know conference schedchampions, was getting job, "There's your him I did. I've than up."grown last three for the uled the days of before eachangry match."haven't "You grown up and girls'next entered the week. Beth stooge, he's "Say, not your don't you she anything!"know singles and, paired the with True,mine."retorted. I "And what know father doubles. mixed Her made letting worry, not "Don't I'm you're doing. haven't opened You trip the to his play daughter watch idea go. hehim You've no how a in book classes our for two said. tennis, as he getcan done. psych work That weeks."

never you four "But came hunisclass I listen, a honey. But is business "Whose that?"

see dred miles ball, to a me bat letProf. he'sworked Barlow, and 'That psych term paper due was Dad."Gil a paper term and doting me yesterday, also set and that of cortogether. Smart?"M. M. Lewis laughed. "To poration books. You didn't hand

True wagged his head in adwatch you and someone else. in either."

miration. "You're it, kid. I can't "All right. And what next?

do it. Look at Maybelle, quitting Maybe two of us will flunk out."

midyear, poor thing. I did the She looked at him, frowning,best I could. But you"—he Autumn then burst into a laugh. "Soclucked—"you work a stooge all that's it! You think I need you

year, as don't so and give By Violet Harris Hendrickson much she said, serisuddenly to—Gil,"a date. ithim keep do you How ous, "I'm awfully sorry about that,

a business basis?"blue hillson p\EEP about what you sayme

distance. In misty r I'll worry; his "Don't give Gil ing to it's True. True's Scarlet maple, purple vines, I—well,overhearddue. doesn't If he it the rake way, up and used to be mine. But With,spunk, then I'll trap him into a In between,—wait, Gil,"she said as he went

date. And I'll show him an eveThe smoky green to turn away. "I want to tell you

incense breathing Ofning."pines; something. I did take up with fragile the And 'Yeah. ought You you just because could you me. help beauty Lacy."

for the sap.much poor that. I admit it yellow But aspen tree, Of a at only was toHe's—do that

True's face froze. Is calling, first. Will you believe me? I've

Calling "Give a notebook,"me a husky It was the vagabondvoice saying was beside Beth. She To earnIn me. softly, studied,you—somethinghonestly aboutworked.your

did not turn. Her throat felt hot. estness. I couldn't fake."

Gil paid for the notebook and went "Why should I believe that?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 -J8H-

"I wasn't going to tell you. But steady, then sure, then deadly. Gil the gate, retching. It was not a

it won't matter; you'll find out began the uphill climb. The games pretty sight. He straightened, face

Monday. Listen Gil, you're not at fiveall, True rallied, took the chalky beneath the freckles, and

flunking accounting, and you're not next and a forty lead. True poured went back on the court. "Ready,"

flunking psychology. There's two on the fire. Gil made two incredible he called.

sides to this stooge business. You placements, then drove past True A flash of knowledge came to

turn; I athad your the I took mine. for deuce. net Gil the took Stella course. Beth. Stella—of in your corporationhanded books, next points, then ran two the out daughter of a druggist. was the

complete, and I handed in that set. The stands cheered a mighty Beth hurried around the court.

joint term paper. You did most comeback. "What did you put in that botof notes the that paper on Stella anyway, Beth saw behind Owens gave to Gil?"one you tle—the

it.so I wrote fence say so, the if I do end. True's And on Stella's Poor fear eyes widened, in her

it's good."Stella. She never would realize. face. "I—I—."

She wheeled and strode away, True would be her man, now, re- "Quick! What was it? Is it

face burning. gardless. His memory would haunt dangerous?"

her. When she at last gave up hope "N-no. Dad said it would

vJTlL swept through to and married someone else she would merely cause nausea for—I don't her view as finals superalways husbandthe sheer I I exuberance. did it, on wantknow why

."the classic ideal imposed of on top True of wasTrue his to on ed form. win. True He Beth!said—Quail. afternoonSaturday came, didn't hot and up!"Beth "Shut want

clear. A crowd was around the The fourth set brought out to know whether the doping was

white court, waiting for the crownastounding tennis. But Gil had done under True's suggestion or

ing match, the singles between more behind him. Hours with a whether it was Stella's idea. She

True and Gil to decide the chambackboard had made his backhand didn't want to think that of True.

pionship. Beth saw them emergimpregnable. His stroking was She went back to her father.

measured, ining the locker rhythm. sick. from rooms, Gil and flawless, was was—Beth at last, crack. True, to began fatherher it walking was between his best Gil saw now so clearly—atTrue

set 6-4, took the talking.them, making it twoplayers against Gil a weakling. two The knew He

took opposite sides of the court and all. There was a rest period bewas sick, and so True was smashbegan warming up. True was fore the final and deciding set. Gil ing drives to the corners, running

steady, handsome in white, poised. went to the lockers; True was talkhis man down. Poised, confident,

Gil was nervous, jerky. The ing to Stella, then he followed bronzed face contrasting to white

smooth form which had brought Gil. Beth was afraid for Gil. The shirt, he never looked better than

him into the finals was gone. rest period would give him time to now. Nauseated, Gil seemed al-

"Dad, you didn't—?"Beth think; he might come back on edge, most lazy; he struck no attitudes,

said. "Why did you tell them?"nervous. Stella was driving away cared not a hoot for the crowd, nor

M. M. Lewis smiled. "I think in her car. even for his opponent; he had no

I know what I'm doing. The When the players came out of nerves at all. Kuplut... kuplut

man I hire is the one who can come the lockers Gil's stride was too... kuplut... ball striking court,

through in a pinch. So I told 'em. quick. The rest had done him no impacting racket, sailing over the

The winner of this match gets the good. Stella Owens met them net. Beth suddenly laughed.

with of two bottles soda pop. that "Dad, job, watch man. Watch they know. and—well, "Precious!"exclaimed. True.. Gil. pull in a outThey're Watch him both in love with you,

Beth. A baby can see that. They "Here, Gil, it's good for what ails pinch!"

know."you."She knew. The game from then

"But—listen, Dad. Gil—look Play began. True was back on on was merely a matter of scientific

at him. You've helped True, by his game, Gil erratic. True took curiosity to her. She'd seen Gil

games. Something was wrong sick.telling play She them, what when knew the nertwo but Gil—he's Gil. with the He was asking he could his nervesvous type. do were all shot. He's when

"Can't come through in a referee something. The official numbed. Stella; good old Stella. turned to True, nodded, smilwho lose. she'd Unknowing, made Truesqueeze, you are you mean?—or ing. Gil across began running the Gil beaten himself, exhave would forsorry him?"bematch The courts, but stopped near suddenly cept bottle for that of soda pop. electrifiedgan. True gallery the by

steaming placements, blinding Sick, he lost selfconsciousness, smashes. Gil made error after nervousness, tension, and he reerror, netting the ball, driving it gained that easy, relaxed form

over the backline. He double which he had perfected on the backfaulted on setpoint. He seemed board.

to get worse as the crowd applaudThen it was over. M. M. had

ed True's terrific pace. True capthe sense to leave Beth alone. True

tured the second set; he had a two stayed in the locker room until

game lead in the third when Gil after Gil came out.

began to rally. The heat, the pace, "How do you feel?"she asked.

the very physical strain were quiet- "Sick,"he grunted. "Let's

ing his nerves. True was poundON THE CALIFORNIA COAST walk."Beth was glad. When a

ing Gil's backhand, and Beth saw Photo by R. Warner Davidson. man's sick he doesn't care; his conthe stroke gradually stiffen, become sciousness of petty things is dulled;

-4- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

shyness goes; embarrassment ceases it was you. I knew your father "Hang it all, Beth, I'm in love.

to be a menace. She knew Gil wouldn't have made that proposiLaugh if you want to. I'm the

would speak his mind now. tion unless he knew that you stooge, and here's your chance for

It scared me stiff. You've a wise crack."He did. He said, "I don't want felt—.

that to thing father's plant. such a big beenthat in your job me He didn't she didn't laugh; Beth to indiafraid you. lose approach I'd I've been pushwould me; my said smile. "Gil"merely even She I feardate, for that. aviduality. even asked Haven't can have True

have a good thing at the service ing to spoil everything. And now with a sort of tremendous connostation. They put me in accountthat doesn't seem important. I tation to the word, and they conant. There's a chain of 'em. It have to tell you. I feel too rotten tinued walking slowly down the

wasn't the job which worried me; to care. I'm in love,"he growled. street.

w- The Challenge byWhena it"widemouthed"comes back home,person.we realtion charmfor them.has noAndtimenowor inclinago into

would never recognize it as one of the blue waters of understandingof Charm our own children. If you were in tact, love, kindness, tolerance, gra-

(Continued from page 495) a group of lady friends, and one of ciousness, loyalty, unselfishness.

is the love-W -4 them started saying unkind things You will find a ship—it

rides It liest it in the world. ship a about knew, would you man

is a old an with new There word close city to the of charm. nothing, to say You be charming more

little call a tomeaning. used Men it is will "Friendguessed let leave have the or talk on, her and "chisler."grey a animal ground If the followis answer ship."a friend say, you of to or room, "he

girl calls a a everyone now,But decide shall questions, ing you mine?"

if in"chisler"anbreaks she on first class travel will whether you is disease, a deadly Gossip andother's a or beau, between jumps steerage: or

is It the curable, but venomous. a couple married makes andhappy

1. cultivate others your Do patient physician. be her musttriangle. "chisler"has charm own no A after friendship you? meeting

is crucifies character is loses after the in the she who womanand man A 2. peomeeting enjoy you Do end. herself in to the Girls, hang boundend. lucky? wasn't Eve ple? afraid a of Are crowd? you never all charming in theJust one The world and woman man 3. gracious? Are Are you you people. "talks"aboutshe him! had woman A forgiving?

is as as to never charming men 4. to put you know how Do is sex. she her defending when own Gossip at ease at ease people yourbe and

if friend, girl about you your Talk self? it. said breath her sheT flee a defense. to her to JNDER want boy

5. use you man- "company Do it It ate up. they If And how can't good, say anything you ners?"into you know how Do village. Starttraveled the through say silence nothing, even but may troduce people? into as a of grain sand grewed and insinuating. be each made "God 6. constructive welcome you Do ita of was mountain. most And in with something him, good man criticism? sensitive? you Are crucharacter anotheruntrue. Just each a quality to be with woman 7. enjoy compliments? you Docified. religious, honest, be One may find admired."the and So good difference bethe you know Do letbrilliant, her moral, even but and it. acknowledge kind. Be Dig flattery? tween compliments and the will that thingssay head into bow the heart of me. Love down 8. repeat the compliyou Do sinned. sheof has another For and I for me, not to seem be but what in given ments the to hearing you released never be once canwords I be. to want what others? of

is recalled. to Gossip be found

all dear ladies, cast Is 9. felt of presence your Now, your when society."in ofonly the "slums

is It enemies Life so away. are a friends? happy you group of with to attributed of threecan be one without them. A personality of 10. Do you call out the best in things: ignorance, childishness, or

is perfect,jealousy. but men? one No 1 1. Do you value the friendship perfecpart of God'swe are all a

tion. The Sea of women as well as men?

12. depend you upon your Do ever a you Have known woman

assist to inBy Edith Welch charm in a business you just her then opens and mouthwho terview? sea it? leaves runs and away THE How

Is indolent, an able to shift con13. Are green skinned youth you readers never been of havemany my lolls on the sand Who versation subject? a dangerous from tell all live a tale? the first to shells Sifting We

in glass houses, therefore it doesn't Through his foamy fingers. 14. Is your voice charming and

pay to throw stones. "Perhaps vibrant, sympathetic and cultured?

heard have aboutyou so much my Desire you1 5.interrupt?Are you a good listener? Do children about and so much I know

yours, we should get along very By Edith Welch 1 6. Are you so friendly that

well,"said Mrs. Jones. And isn't you may be called "gushing?"

to thoughts let my T WANT 17. to talk oneAre you able it true? hear things about You Wade friends hour with friends, without your not dreaming skies half the cool night that -1-Through

they could have heard worse about Ankle deep talking about yourself?

you. And sometimes we make a In stars! 18. Do you "overword"your

harmless comment; it is repeated friends? Do you borrow?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 19. Do you change friends ofdaintiness by caressing or "pawservices under the direction of the

ten? Do you change old friends ing"a man? First Presidency. Speakers at this

for new? 24. Do you know that the opmeeting included the First Presi20. Are you the kind of a friend posite sex enjoy friendliness, but dency, Elder George Albert Smith,

you wish someone else to be? they detest familiarity? Dr. Fisher; and the three auxiliary

21. Do you have any little 25. Do you know that a charmheads, Superintendent Bowen,

habits which you detest in others? ing woman never becomes the slave President Fox, and Superintendent

22. Do you profess friendship of anyone by telling all she knows? May Anderson of the Primary Asfor a woman and at the same time We would die for our friends sociation.

try to attract her boy friend or husWhy don't we live for them! A special meeting for all Scout

band? If you are still with me, you leaders and Explorer leaders was

23. Do you know that a charmmay be interested in next month's held Sunday afternoon in the Asing woman should never lose her article: "As We View Men."sembly Hall.

At 6:15 p. m. Sunday the M.

I. A. joined with the Utah Pioneer

June Conference addressmeeting onresolved"The Shepherd."itself into a Theplea Trailsin the andplacingLandmarksof a markerAssociationon the

buildings, historic girl three The Beefor the one in every hundred is and the Lion House, either Hive House, into an shuntedin Panorama who (Continued from page 493 ) oblivion of misunderstanding or is the Old President's office. Cooper-

].; < delinquent and for an understandating were the First Presidency, the

ing of youth through personal con- M. I. A. superintendency and presprogram will replace the Vanguard tact and a toleration of the wayidency, and prominent members of

Scout program of the Church after ward through kindness, forgivefamilies of the past leaders of the which it is largely patterned. ness, and faith. Church. These permanent bronze

Dr. Fisher paid a tribute to the President Fox admonished the plaques preserve the memory of

Church for its generosity in this group never to forget that "our"these three buildings constructed by act and for the loyal support of children are just as liable to go Brigham Young as his homes and

Church leaders to the Boy Scout wrong as the neighbor's children office and used by him and other movement. Dr. Fisher, in addressand urged character building withleaders of the Church for many

ing the group on the subject, in the home by recourse to family years.

"Training For Manhood Through prayer. "If you can build that A week of celebration of the

Scouting,"said that every boy was thing in your children, so that it twentieth anniversary of the Bee- a potential leader for good or bad. can never be said that they didn't Hive Girl organization came to a

The speaker stressed the fact that know right from wrong, and if close Sunday evening with a what America needs today is not you will be honest with yourselves, pageant and ceremony in the Tabmore laws but more character. The honest with your children and ernacle. The pageant depicted the

boy and mind, he explained, are honest with God, and get an underorganization and history of the simply vehicles through which the standing thereby, I promise you BeeHive Girls, and showed young soul is expressed. Many a lad is will reap the fruits of your labors."girlhood accepting and profiting

carrying on his morals what he All delegates to the M. I. A. confrom the various principles of "The

should be carrying on his muscles. ference joined with officers of the Spirit of the Hive."President Fox

Scouting, he said, provides this Primary Association assembled in and Marie C. Thomas of the genproper environment. a similar conference, at 2 p. m. eral board, traced the history of

In addition to Dr. Fisher, Dr. Sunday, for the regular Tabernacle the organization and paid a tribute

Farnsworth of the General Board to the original founders.

spoke on the subject of building "This movement to fill a gap in the program of the young girlleadership through the M Men program. Superintendent Bowen for which even the English Girl

gave a splendid address on the subGuide and the American Campfire ject, "The Value of Careful Girl movement were inadequate,

Planning and Divine Guidance."has grown in the 20 years of its

This can be classed as his "Inaugexistence to be international in superintendent as address"ural of *'J scopemembers.and toIt includesinclude thousandsboth the maof I. A. and gave evithe Y. M. M.

dence of his having grasped a keen terial and the spiritual factors, and comprehension of the purpose and its object is to bring a realization aim of M. I. A. His address will of the factors providing for the

be published in full later. glory of girlhood,"said Mrs.

The principal speaker in the * Thomas.

woman's session in the Assembly - A special tribute to the BeeHive

Hall was President Fox. The Girls was paid by a representative

theme of this meeting was "The group of Boy Scouts.

Ninety and Nine and the One"and Then came the concluding feawas introduced by Katie C. Jensen, WHAT LOOKS LIKE AN IDAHO SCENE TAKEN ture of the M. I. A. Conference, a

Ann Nebeker, and Virginia Smith. IN UTAH special address on the "Place of the

Then President Fox gave a stirring M. I. A. in the Church Program,"

""stTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. of the M. LA. should take in this knowledge of the fact that they

President Clark's message was: other great field."must be pure in their lives, that

"So long as our youth shall be By way of summary he said: they must commit no sin, that

taught as they are taught today, "As I see the place of the M. I. their thoughts must be high, that

so long as our young girls shall A. roughly outlined, it is this: their acts must correspond, that

have held before them the beautiful First, that penetrating into all of they must live Christly, in acconcept of womanhood, of motherthe recesses of its work there must cordance with the commandments hood, that nearly divine mission, be the spirit of the Gospel. The of the Lord."

the nearest of which we know Gospel must be the foundation of so long as these things maintain, everything that is taught, and as I so long as they control our young see it, a part, at least, of each sespeople of this nation and the sion of each branch of the M. I. A.

young people of this Church, the must be devoted to some Gospel

Church and the nation are safe."work, in coordination, I repeat

with the Sunday School and the

In connection with his theme, Priesthood quorums. Next it

said, thingPresident Clark "The time in point to of that me, seems illustrated TravelMAPS ROADAlso Booklets cultifor look and mustwhich we well the of your might bulk work Directories and Hotel & Camp shall is militantvate goodness. We II activities cultural into the which go

make travel service complete Jffif||This war upon the evil wherever I have named."

it is found."for the asking! R'jWNDETO* is yours President Clark also touched up- I

President Clark said he conceived on the importance of living clean ColojwJo the true Church to be the organized lives. "The work of the M. I. A. ITea Just write us, telling where and

will to go. you want when We lives.into the is to bring of the inPriesthood battle formaof God

servtravel complete send you this a to people carry oftion, organized war, young Church on trip in ice for anywhere North errorunceasing against wherwar of charge and America—free

it is, is obligation. postpaid. Servever the found. No "That travel Power ice elaborate includes road all else yield to and mustChurch Travel Tuttle Ed. By visit, all States of maps you itthat, operates, as the Church

Travel latest best route with your and are learning constantly doing byoperates the individual."upon conditions road marked. Hotel ravel WE quite are unaware though we And

directories, lowith and camp clearly address the His are facts showed fountain the of wooing we Of Trove'rates. Illustrated cation and life are in they need them weplace When in the of each organization scenic historic booklets and on

. liavi there. essenthe told then he andChurch sights. Passport, with Conoco

tial part played by the M. I. A. If efforts appear to be shackled, identification card and expense

"As I conceive the duty and the The problems today that impede, record. Fishing and sport inif sent formation requested, tackled, if persistently find We it is this:place the of A. M. I. service of Continental Oil in size dwindle Will and recede. A

first it coin placeIn the must, to Company. Write now

ordination with the other instruAssuming that we have not faltered, mentalities which I have named, Opposing force seems to have ceased;

first intobring foremost and its TheButtaskthetopowerbe doneto isdounaltered,has increased. CONOCODEPT. 50 TRAVELDENVER,BUREAUCOLORADO spirit of as an the Gospelwork the

assistance in the knowledge thereof and in the obtaining of a testimony of it. Personally, it seems

to me that every M. I. A. program

its for every begin evening should Always Leading the with proper Gospel somework Way—thesis, first in order that the Gospel

thesis might be instilled into the DESERET BUILDING SOCIETY hearts and the minds of the young people; and second, that it may be becomes the First State Association, in Utah to qualify as a Federal

as a sort of background upon which all the other activities of the M. I. Savings and Loan Association under the name of

A. should be grouped."

He stressed in connection with the M. I. A. the cultural things in Deseret Federal Savings and Loan Ass'n

life and those which touched upon citizenship. "It seems to me that More protection and greater liquidity for our Shareholders

in no other place so well as in the

Primary Association and the M. Under Supervision of the U. S. Government

I. A. can the youth of this Church Write us for information about

receive instruction in music, in art, in literature, in history, in the Safety For Savings drama, those great cultural elements which go to make up a rounded 44 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah man and woman and a cultured society. So it seems to me the field

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 >

Honoring Samuel forming,est type ofandprofessionaldid performwork.the highCir- canhaveonlya rightsay: to "Bebe sorrowful,proud."Youbut

required cumstances a better to to meet right him be you haveP. Cowley courage, the supreme test of his pride will and proud, your and (Continued from page 477)

grief wanting. strengthen not was found your and He weaken 4 he gentle considerate. as and pass. was the years the of He DiWe, have Ashim. been an would He directed attention the vision, are very him. of proud of those who As date.sistant at Director no distant

Our friend both lived and died came to him, after the shooting, to generations of new agents come for his faith. I would wish the the plight of his companion. He into our service they will be told did not know that his companion of the life and death of Sam Cowfriends of his childhood, of his

early years, to remember him not was dead. He inquired for him ley. He will become a tradition.

as a killer, a Government gun man. during his last night. He will have attained earthly imHe was not that type and never Thus he lived and thus he died, mortality.

could be. He was capable of perand to the bereaved dear ones we And now we must leave him with you. Think of him kindly.

He was a gentle, peaceful, earnest soul. It is an honor to have been

IS POP HAVING FUN his wife, his mother and father,

AT SAN DIEGO! brothers, sisters, and sons. It is an

Billie,who has And young alhonor to have been his friends and into a dozen ready been crashed times, sagely remarks. Bet they companions. We here must say

id these Shell use Superlast cars, our earthly farewell to our is stopand- sure Dad, cause! this friend comrade. and well godriving We may

feel that his spirit is actually with us. We may well say to him:

"Goodbye, Sam, and thank you.

for all have you you Thank done! THIS IS SPAIN SO

for us. all for you you Thank yards of film. exposing yards and And is Mother

But Dad isn't worried; by using extramileage have been to us. Good luck, old

this on enough money saved trip, he will shoot today. man, on this, your last investigathe vacxmm SuperShellto pay for all movies Mother IBWJUMrTJS tion, that into the Great Unknown. Goodbye. God bless

you. God keep you."

To Know Him Was to hove Him By Inspector Hugh Clegg Division of Investigation, U. S.

Department of Justice

(Speech given at the Memorial Services in the L. D. S. Chapel,

Washington, D. C.)

INSPECTOR CLEGG is not a * Mormon. He has, however visited Hawaii and has seen the temple

of which he speaks. Because he was

interested in the Pacific islands, he and Sam Cowley had discussed them

AND SHELLADIES! together and he had gained a partial

girls the at These giant vision the of Elder work Cowley

Exposition's the Shell are islands the went to to perform. experts! information

They're telling Dad what is going on—and where.

even advised They to find jVTESTLED there in the tropics him where in lodgings San two thousand miles from the their Diego. And

animated Shell American mainland, the beautiful a map made big hit sands of the Island of Oahu are family! the with

gently touched by the placid waters of the Pacific. Deepset in the

Don't Miss San Diego's Great Exposition

Get Free Folder and Maps at Your Shell Station HELP PREVENT foliage of palms and ferns and near Isle the center the of AllDistance Tables, Shell Stations throughout the Maps, FOREST FIRES Lists, Station Cabin FingerNight exclusive provide Auto the removed busy West from—farflowers, Directories free Information, other famous and Tip Travel -EVERYBODY streets of Honolulu glamor and the aids. Shell touring Street City Wherever State Road Maps, Maps, InAn'-Outof-City you drive—ASK SHELL! of Waikiki—a snowwhite monument rises like a jewel from a ver518

-4- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

dant setting. But it is not the that is highest and noblest and best

beauty of the thing that gives it in our American life, an inspired greatest significance. It is far more agent of justice in these tempestusubstantial than that. It represents ous times, an immortal figure that

substance, durability, strength and shall grow more majestic as dematters that are even more worthcades shall ripen into centuries and while. It stands as a monument the stories of time shall melt into

to faith; it represents a philosophy the music of eternity. I knew him

of living; it is a place of service; it well. As is true with all his assois a temple of religion. ciates to know him was to love

This temple of the Church of him.

which he was a member was builded with the aid of the hands, the rector, Mr. John Edgar Hoover, Dedication

frequently heroic touching the part of the heart of who andmeans, the service and sought Sam's coun- A suggestions. sel and the offered significant It is prayer graveside by P. Cowley.Samuel

that this temple epitomizes his In the service of a Division dediInspector's father, Mathias F.

life, his service, and his death. For cated to the task of righting Cowley

as its setting and structure are things wrongs, bringing about justice, and of beauty so was his life of friendprotecting the American home, Sam "... We thank Thee for the

liness, thoughtfulness and considCowley gave his life, heroically, for good wife he married, and the little eration. As the temple stands rehumanity. We do not have to sons which Thou hast given unto

mote from the glamor of pleasureresolve that his death not be in them to bear his name, and we pray seeking throngs, so patient, reserved, vain, for as was his wont, he acthey may grow to manhood, in the and selfeffacing was his disposicomplished his purpose, he comknowledge of the Lord, and pertion which added to his great pleted his assignment, himself. petuate the name of their father,

strength of character. Just as the But we do resolve that high up not only in name, but by their

temple's stones signify the durain the canonized roll of immortals deeds of honor and righteousness, bility of his philosophy and remust always shine the name and thus following the example which ligion so does his death in the servthe service of Samuel P. Cowley. their father and mother have beice of humanity give him a high Chivalric and yet conservative; queathed to them.

place among the immortals. It imaginative and yet practical; "We thank Thee for his standlikewise epitomizes his life of servscholarly and yet a man of decisive ing in the Church of Jesus Christ

ice in the Division of Investigation, action, he was all this and more. of Latterday Saints, for the Holy

U. S. Department of Justice. He was the reincarnation of all Priesthood which he held, and for

As Special Agent, as Instructor in various technical phases of the

Division's work, as Supervising

Official, as Unit Chief, as ActingAssistant Director, and as Inspector A New his work was always distinguished and conspicuous because of its high Champion hisquality. assignment Whether

ladles, students of the young intricateinvolved the problems College, competed Business of HenagerThese antitrust violations, of eliminating IntesttheheldInternationalin Chicago JuneTypewriting28. lone JohnCon-

frauds, of marshaling forces under son won first place, writing 84 net words his supervision, or of delving into an investigation where scientific knowledge was to be applied, his achievements can accurately be described by quoting from a record placed in his file many months ago, "He has a habit of consistenly doing things rightly."

He was a distinguished member Juanita Wright of an organization which mainTwo other students of the school tains a high standard of requireplaced third and fourth. Gioconda

ments, ideals, and accomplishZumpanowords pertookminute,thirdandplace,FernwritingWhicker80 min79 per words writing fourth, took the Division ofments. He loved students College Business ute. Henager Investigation these stanbecause of past for the contests winning been have

dards. He was a true soldier in 25recordsyears.andThehasschoolwon holdsmore typewritersfive world's

that he received and gave orders than any school in America. If you

at Henager's. enroll the best, spirit. fine His with the same in all starting each classes week

Visitors welcome. HIP Newdepartments.want service looked subordinates in the lone Johnson

catalog. or phone affecfor new with admiration,upon him

46 College, Bast Business respect tion, and and at the same pernationalminute,businessand iscollegenow thechampion.new interCall,HenagerBroadway.write

tied Juanita Wright time he enjoyed the personal confor second place, Phone Was. 2753. (Adv.) 83 minute. writing words per

fidence and friendship of his Di519

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 > the progress he also made in his re- "We thank Thee that he was tion, when we know they shall sponsible office as an active worker willing to lay down his life for the come forth clothed with glory, imin the Department of Justice, in good of his Country, and now, mortality, and eternal life to enjoy this great Nation, and the confiHoly Father, we commit his re- a fulness of Thy Celestial Glory.

dence and esteem in which he was mains to Thy care and protection, "May we all do Thy will, keep held, and the serious responsibility that no element of nature nor hand Thy commandments that we may placed upon him by his superior of man may disturb them until enter into Thy Celestial Kingdom officers. the Morning of the First Resurrecand the praise, honor, and glory

shall be Thine forever, in the name

R ainbowReverie of Jesus Christ. Amen."

ENGRAVINGS By Mary H. Woolsey Tributes

/""'NN the side other the of rainbow, By Hon. Henry H. Blood I'd gathered potful of—If my Salt Lake Engraving Co. the State of gold, Governor of Utah there I be waiting, would What wonder?

St. 158 Regent Was. 2475 ". then future the would hold? What a Source There is of comSalt Lake City, Utah and.. strength I from which find leisure I've may there the longed fort Would

for, be drawn support for this period in these Denied years? workaday grief. of that family This knows

dear, the halfabandoned And dreamings Source, the apand knows way of run through That my hopes and my fears, proach to the unfailing fount of consolation. May they all be comHEADQUARTERSNEWFOR Would I find their fulfilment, I wonder?

LATTERDAY SAINTS And would they be precious and sweet, forted, blessed, and sustained by

GARMENTS On that side of the rainbow, perfected, the knowledge that millions today

FACTORY FROM TO YOU As when they remain incomplete? share their sorrow and honor their Solicit Orders Your Mail We

departed. Would I find there more moments of beloved No. 88. Lt. Wt. Men's and Ladies'

laughter? Style $.65 New "Samuel P. Cowley, the State

89. No. Med. Men's Wt. and Ladies'lure to beauty More me along? so highly you have honored pays Style New I a highroad romance on walk 1.10 Would of

80. No. Heavy Double Men's Wt. Back 1.3S tribute to faithfulness your and life all find sunshine song? And and 81. Heavy No. Double Old Style Wt. your great worth as a citizen and... 1.50 Back

87. Lt. No. Wt. 85 I wonder Old and New Styles officer."

Special 85. GarNo. Very NonRun somehow.. I doubt it! No, an

to ments Not—Guaranteed—I I feel find that the days would

Special letter Rayon following Run at The was read the side other the of rainbow, 1.10 On Lt. No. 84. Med. LaMen's Wt. and unveiling at the of the plaque the Style, very be Double kind the same Combmuch Would dies'New

ed Yarn, Extra Fine 85 As on this side.... For much of the U.S.A. C. on June 2, 1935. ordering, Specify your bust, trunk when

style, dreaming length, and or old whether and new The George Washington ladies'. or Postage Pay Is We refrain endless only an

in States. the United Anywhereif men's University forget I sing and That in an hour

singing again! right on go washington, d. c.

leisure laughter and and beauty MOSE14 SO. MAINLEWISST. AndAndthe SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Reflect but the spirit of me. gAMUEL PARKINSON COWPlease mention seeing this Ad in this No matter the side of the rainbow LEY gave his life that our lives

Magazine On which I may happen to be. might be richer. Alert, purposeful,

courageous, thorough, willing to work, and simple and direct in life, are words and phrases that flash

SALT LAKE CITY'S NEWEST POPULAR HOTEL before our minds as we think of him living. On November 28,

1934, this alumnus of the Utah

State College and of the George HOTEL Washington University met a tragic death. His death served but

to emphasize the nobility of his TEMPLE life and it is that nobility that you would recognize, and that we, the SQUARE members of the George Washington 200 Rooms each with University, would join with you in acknowledging.

Tile Bath On behalf of the Board of TrusRates tees and faculties of this institution $1.50 to $4.00 I send these words of salutation to

you as you make this fine and alRadio Connections for together appropriate tribute and ask

Every Room you to accept our thanks in permitting us to join with you in recogERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager nizing the worthiness of the life of

Opposite Great Mormon Temple our Alumnus Cowley.

Cloyd H. Marvin,

President. -"BfTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

ROME--But 111 Be asresidesa showin anotherplace andvillaheelsewherehimself—Lakeother preciousLucernememorieswith ofthethiswhitetrip

distance in the island. of the majesty the Alps on You.Seeing its clusbuildings storybook interesting old and the of the door At (Continued from page 484) its tering shore, the about Rose dirty little begchurch of Anacapri

the the of Dame, Notre us, Window children gar about swarmed < face expression the of a young on as bees. thick thrown A penny

as looked she Italian mother down The little city of Capri gleams riot. their a caused into near midst

dear, life iswhite in its tiny valley or saddle of One little youngster not over six at her baby. Ah, my

the island. It is reached from the was filthy, but her tiny cheeks were a wonderful, wonderful thing. A

landing place, Marina Grande, by a heavily rouged and brass hoops few more weeks, and I'll be having funicular railway. Groves of orange dangled from her ears. It was too another equally precious experienceand lemon trees flaunted their funny!—I'll be seeing you.

bright fruit the through green. The memory I took of Capri Love,Flowers were everyblooming

where. We had lunch on a wide, will be stored away with a few Maxa Million.

gardenboarded porch, and the girls who served it were dressed in their native costumes—full light skirt,

short, bright blouse, colored white See the Newaprons, a colorful and headdress made of a square of cloth folded into a triangle and wrapped aboutthe head. GAS RA NGES You would love their shops

with their handwoven and embroidered linens. Several artists

have shops there where they sell their water color and oil paintings of surrounding scenes. I weakened and bought you a fourth

birthday present. I wish I could

bring you the songs of all the birds that were singing that day. That

would be a real gift. I suppose it

is a sort of perpetual thanksgiving chorus dedicated to Dr. Munthe

and Mussolini for the freedom given when Capri was declared a bird sanctuary.

gEYOND Capri at one extreme of the island is a villa of Tiberus and the rock, II Salto, where, according to legend, the old tyrant used his discarded to throw iSeep your Kitchen otherwives and victims into the COOL sea 700 feet below.

range makes cooking so easy and Anacapri (meaning above Ca- A new Gas pri) rises at the west of Capri. The pleasant. The insulated oven keeps your

road that leads to it has no rival kitchen cooler. Automatic features save time,

in the beauty of the view that it save gas, save food. Its beautiful design adds

affords. climbed Our bus and up

... makes you proudup this marvelous island boulevard charm to your home

like a fly climbing a great wall. to show it. Now is the time to modernize!

Tufts of blue blossoms clung to the face of the cliff and twice we Come And See The Beautiful New Models saw blue madonnas enshrined in rocky niches far above us.

It is almost at the summit ofthis road that one comes to the 700 mourvmin fikl supply steps leading to up the villa of San -"'"- compflny - - built,Michele, as you know, from the ruins of another Tiberus villa 36 South State Wasatch 1300 by Dr. Axel Munthe. Dr. Munthe

has turned this lovely building over '.. '. mm msm

im

mm *

Qrvetoed

jolting over The Wagons have stopped, but the sonsCOVERED WAGONS, sage and stone into the beckoning and daughters of those who drove the disc of the descending sun, carried wagons have not stopped. They have

much besides household goods and famitaken up the trail and press forward—butlies—they were loaded to the bows with not in Covered Wagons.

Dreams. Theirs is not a crosscountry trek to the

Those who rode in them or trudged beRocky Mountains or to any mountains of side them were seeking new lands but cliff and crag. They make their way along

not for the land's sake. They were not the trails of the mind—the soul—infortune seekers—they were Pilgrims in search of the eternal verities—spiritualsearch of vacant land whereon a new ized Beauty, Goodness, Truth—beyondsociety might be built—a society founded the mystic horizons.

upon the revealed Word of God. Y men and women are found the world

The Covered Wagons have bivouacked over among that daring and courageous forever; these valleys will see their kind vanguard that is forever pushing the

no more—except in pageantry of the past. known farther into the vast unknown.No more lands remain toward which they They, too, are Pioneers—Pioneers of

may make their way. the Spirit.

INFORMATION

Registration: Sept. 27, 28, 30

Class "Work Begins: October 1

You will find the courses you desire among the many in the following Five Colleges—Applied Science, Arts and Sciences, Commerce, Education,

and Fine Arts.

Those wishing to enter the professions will be able to get their foundation work under welltrained professors.

The Catalogs Are Available Send For Yours FORfoundedsixty andyearsendowedBrighamby BrighamYoung Young,University,the versityplace along; and withon accountthat lineof itsof highgreatacademicprivate institutionsrating, has

trailblazer and empirebuilder, has been crosswhich includes Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Northwesting new frontiers in the realms of Art, Science, ern, Chicago, Denver, Stanford, Southern California.

and Religion. At Brigham Young University character and

When Dr. Karl G. Maeser was called to preside spirituality are emphasized along with intellectuality.

over the newly organized school sixty years ago, the Armed with the high purpose and the unswerving torch of secular, academic learning was handed to him. faith of their ancestors of the Covered Wagon, Y men

Since that day the University has gone forward enand women have won renown in many fields of human couraging its students to explore all of the fields of endeavor and at the same time have retained the sweet knowledge carefully but prayerfully. spirit of humility and brotherly kindliness which marks

Being a private school it was and is uncircumthe true Christian gentleman and lady.

scribed by laws which withhold from public schools More than two thousand men and women from the right to further studies in religion. It is a link in 200 towns, twentytwo states, and several foreign nathat chain of great private institutions which extends tions had training during the past school year under the

across the continent from Harvard to Stanford Unidirection of the Y Faculty.

WHERE QUALITY EDUCATION MAY BE HAD AT AN INSTITUTION OF QUALITY AND ECONOMY

BRIGHMOlinG III1MTY PROVO, UTAH

THE IMPROVEMENT. ERA, AUGUST, 1935 jp.

see us Flying The Lance.now!""I wish Tom could

the he, spoken had Hardly when Covered Wagon right to creak began and wing PESERET MORTUARY (Continued from page 479) whistle. Lance's heart stood still

)*"as he expected the wing to fray. Service Above AH

piece of fabric flapped in the hundreds of miles left in the bat- A tered wreck under good conditions; breeze.

and now it was going to have a Lance's hard young jaw stiftest under conditions that were not fened. "I have to reach Rossiter

at all good. before he signs that contract,"he

reflected. "But if this plane holds

Lance felt a sagging sensation of together for another ten minutes, his heart when he reflected. Clyde it'll be funny!"

far Hull him, ahead of was already decrease his speed, of He could plane. Perhaps in a good by this course. wouldn't then he But

time he had overtaken the train. reach Los Dentados when the train

There was not a chance in the did. Or he could maintain the

world that he could overtake Clyde top speed of the old Gussie and trust to luck. did. he Which WHEN YOU ORDER YOUR Hull.sibility Buthe couldthere reachwas aLosfaintDentapos- Presently to the wings began

dos before the train. flap like those of a pelican. The

V (fteOOLYlCf 1HE brown, serrated leftasterwingand thesangrighta swansongwing wasoffraydis-

New Mexican highlands flattened ing more with every passing moOfnnouncements undered intothetheoldcobaltplane assky.LanceHeclimbgave ment.minutes Ituntilwas hisonlysupporta questionwouldof

the Gussie all the gun it would take be removed to the point where a when he at last leveled off. sharp dive in an adverse wind curTo his left, he could see, by rent would mean a buckling of the

craning his neck, the steel gash of wings.

the K. C. 8 S. F. Railroad. Aside There was nothing to do but

rightof-way from the of the a place could find he where land—if tracks, there seemed not another a landing be safe. a would But

level thing in the country. It was landing would also mean he would

wild country, rearing painted heads reach Los Dentados too late. He or invitations remember that we can

stone earth in of and mesa train the even seen not and had furnish smartest with the latest and you butte, falling into sloping away finally the Lance saw spot—theyet. selection stationery. in wedding valleys acroyos. A wide dry and a of stream broad dry with arroyo

of beautiful uptodate type faces enBut to give credit where it is banks not high enough to shear off able us to produce for you announce'due, the old Gussie was streaming his wings. If he was lucky, he

its territory under wings with the land Gussie might without distinction and ments or invitations of celerity. amazing its frail gear. crumpling landing up individuality. Prices reasonable. most "Cushions, eye!"grunted my to port then and He sideslipped

MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE to starboard, cutting down both

PROMPT, CAREFUL altitude and momentum. And

ATTENTION then he fishtailed and pancaked the plane down into the stream bed.

Lance jumped out to see if there was anything he could do. There

was. Several rigging wires had

snapped due to the speed at which he had been flying. Fabric was

torn as though it had been gashed by hailstones.

Slije He quickly set to work repairing the damage. He had spare canvas and wire in his turtleback

against just such emergencies. Fif- i teen minutes later he had roughly

PRINTERS—BINDERS patched the holes with wire and

RULERS canvas and replaced the broken rigging wires. But some of the braces29 Richards Street were rather loose, and for these he

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH C. BINGHAMWARDAND MISSIONARIESEARL MECHAM, FULTON could do nothing.

Taxiing down the level bed THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

of the arroyo, he lifted the clumsy was gaining on him again. What of his cattlebuying trips which

ship just before reaching a drop in luck! might be in any one of the points

the bed. He spiraled above the Lance's heart gave a sudden jog of the compass.

rough terrain and was presently as an idea flashed into his mind. The old Gussie was groaning

buzzing west again. The Circle-H ranch—why hadn't

sped of it before? westhe thought time, he long For a One of BE INDEPENDENT the biggest ranches in the country. the curving followedward. He

span of the railroad. Far ahead They used an autogiro as well as No Other Vocation So Profitable!

he presently espied a white puff of cowboys to keep in touch with For a CompleteENROLL CourseNOW at the smoke and a black, snakelike chain straying bands of cattle. Young

of cars. Mr. Rossiter's train! Haldeford flew the "swirl plane,"

of Quish School Beauty Culture let and had Lance make some reach might Dentados Los He in the The Best West it flights at in time. one I it Nowtrialifbefore did 304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson find he could only Haldeford, Spud CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH a long time For Lance banged

all well. yet be mightalong in the noisy old Gussie. For Further Information

as toflew Lance But northward Catalog Call and faster! theFaster with and Even X 7560 or Wasatch ranch, the Circle-H his exuward last; attrain gaining then on Fill in This it. berance dwindled. was ranch The his advantage, smilingHe pressed Coupon

grimly to himself.. Let Tom miles off the right of way of the

Porter laugh at the old crate, if he railroad. Five miles, at least! And

additional possibility was thewanted! were still miles in there There N*. \ Haldeford that Young was on one \the "covered wagon."

Then the wings began to flap again like some looselyrigged flying reptile. One brace was rattling;

wires were twanging with the strain. One broke with a thin,highpitched wail. Fabric was A LITTLE LIGHT

creaking in new places. A little light on your insurance will undoubtPerspiration broke out on edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underLance's bronzed forehead. It was insured. Think what it would mean if fire

hopeless to continue much farther destroyed your property.

at this speed. But he had to overtake Mr. Rossiter! What was he

going to do? If he quit now, Mr. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Rossiter would sign the contract and their airport would lose the See our agent in your town business. And every cent he had

in the world was invested in HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

Union Airport, as well as Tom Porter's. But if he continued,

sooner or later the old Gussie would leave him suspended on a cloud, as the saying went. In his haste, he oiCy<t*>

had forgotten to bring a parachute.

He thought with a sinking feelingin the pit of his stomach how Tom ROYALGELATIN had come out with that cushion. FOR it was likely to TinsuvetenrJASPIC2uick SettingA joke then—but

be a tragedy before long.

Torn between two desires, Lance pushed along, watching the straining plane with anxious grey eyes. eooL

Another wire twanged as it broke.

The wings were flopping loosely.

He reared up a bit and looked down. land Crags—undulating REFRESHING DISHES

criscrossed with arroyos—boulRoyal a variety of apGelatin Aspic enables you to make ders there. here strewn and

Hopeless to land! Yet still more petizing, cold soups, molded meat, fish and vegetable hopeless unless he got the old dishes, and enticing salads—without fuss or trouble

Gussie down before it fell apart! in a few minutes. Get a package today. Try out any of the

recipes on the package or its insert. You'll be delighted

JrlE cut down his speed, with the results.

deliberating. He heard the distant

shriek of the train's whistle. It

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935 >-

and creaking and sighing, like an peared over a rise in ground. Grazing cattle flashed under his

old horse whose day is nearly done. Lance's heart gave a sudden lurch. wings as Lance raced along in the

From time to time, Lance glanced Beside the house, the autogiro Haldeford's "swirl ship."He had

downward, trying to pick out a was preparing for a takeoff! The almost forgotten the big, swirling

landing spot should a sudden landrotor blades were spinning above blades which were bowed up on ing prove necessary. He concluded the open cockpit their suspension cables. The snakethat one place would be as bad as Lance fed the old ship all the like thread of cars appeared behind

another. gun it would take, and went roar- a butte to the southwest, and smoke

Presently, however, the ground ing down the few remaining hunstreamed from the engine.

became less broken, and grazing dreds of feet. The pilot must have Lance increased the speed of the

cattle could be seen in groups here heard the Gussie, even above the autogiro. It responded with a

and there. And finally the ranchroaring of the spinning rotor burst of power. The chain of cars

house, sprawling in a valley, apblades, for he glanced up and grew larger and larger and then waited. passed out of sight to the northeast.

Lance set the dilapidated plane Lance did not attempt to follow.

down. One wing had nearly Before long, it would turn

come loose. The old ship would slightly south of east again. He

a gigantic stones wilderness of Its ran Lance toward HaldeYoung stretch the to purwhich seemed to ford panted: and that "Thought Rewards pled ahead. apmountains This mill old never here, reach are interested—would l1KleHasW*** Ifyou never fly again. cut across a mountainous stretch

develop deceptive, ability pearance the to however, speak—to was

! get to in Spud Trying touch with in public in or everyday HOW it for the presently to gave way forge ahead twice Rossiter before signs Mr. a he con- a to work! effectivelyconversation—toas fast as are you doing, read now barrens undulating sagebrush of

I to WONDERS tract I in Work With Wonders How Words Dentados. Los Awfully

free. sent Oow desert. WITH and Lance saw when And I important or wouldn't have This booklet, recently new pubWORDS train lished, the paragain, points the he almost that road was thou- I bothered if you! But wonder sands followed increase to nave

it. allel gaining! to And quickly their earning power and be you'd good enough—."popularity. It his evident in that was now It also explains**"&.* can, you how by a his eased of big Spud bulk out new, easy method, bestudy home better plane, reach he might Los Iright; an speaker stage and conquer the cockpit autogiro. the ofcometimidity this will outstandingand to read prove booklet be To did. before Rossiter Dentados Mr. evening wellspent.fear.en

Simply send and name later. But another plan formed in hisbooklet "Run along—and explain will once. besent at addressNo obligation.and this valuable free

NORTH AMERICAN INSTITUTE J You don't need to explain how immind. Clyde Hull must by now

3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 418-C, Chicago, III. portant it is! I know if you'd be in town, impatiently awaiting

come this far in that rattletrap, the train. Why not board it first?

you're not on a pleasure trip. Take Of course there were no towns

my ship and travel!"between there and Los Dentados.

QUALITY is the Lance flashed Spud Haldeford a But there was the stop for water look of gratitude, and leaped into El Vejecito! An impossible place

Watchwordin Our the cockpit of the "swirl ship."to land another plane; but Spud

He raced it across the ground, and Haldeford had bought the autoFinishing Plant was able to take off in fifty feet. giro because of its ability to land

and takeoff in a minimum of We'd like to do your photo

JlTE was in a good ship space. finishing—and we know you'll like the kind of now; but he was far behind the The bed rocks of El Vejecito

prints we make. train. And the autogiro he was appeared ahead, and Lance decided

Every operation in our flying was the 125 horse power to take a chance. The bleat of the

finishing plant is under the Kinner, with a cruising speed of train warned him he must act supervision of thoroughly all. sliced quickly or not at miles only eighty He an hour when experienced workmen. the in dive a slow and saw down revolutions to 250 down to every throttled Their aim is make

tank. watering unprint But he was the best its negative per minute. A snail's pace—but will afford. it. to see near ground speed able any flat of course he could tease more

a "I wouldn't to land want said here!"Lance Give Us A Trial thanMentallythat outLanceof the visualizedplane. the wheelbarrow

with us out your Try ruefully. next train's route. slightly It curved "The tracks! Hmmmm! roll film. of exposed We'll I wonder."ranch. north near the Eagle Butte quality to that prove you

comes first with us. By cutting across country, he could It was a narrow space in which

this particular plane's specialty. EASTMAN saveovertakingmileage and have more hope of to land; but narrow landings were it. More hope—but not much! Before reaching Los Lance cut down his speed; the

Dentados, there was a stop of a autogiro hovered and then settled few minutes at the watering tank gently. He had heard of landing

of El Vejecito. But the country these planes at a zero angle but he AptU around El Vejecito was rough. wasn't anxious to experiment over

INC track. Its railroad shriek a Another a rocky name come from STORES train little whistle the of he formation warned him old man hadthere—the Street 155 South Main

slivers hurry. the rock. of must Outthrust and Salt City Lake

rough ground! Lance forced the nose down in

4- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1935

a gentle glide, and struck the tracks Porter knew it and Clyde knew it to bounced and managedHe land and—."

time. tracks the between the next Mr. Rossiter sobered. He gripThe Utah High

He was out almost as soon as the ped Lance's shoulder. School of Beauty

autogiro stopped rolling. "You're not entirely right, Culture

There were some boards near young fellow,"he said gently. 121 SOUTH MAIN STREET

the water tank, and Lance built a "It's not all a joke! My company 2nd Floor

hasty runway. He got the plane is leasing both the Universal and Learnindependenta professionfor thethatrestwouldof yourmake life.yon safely off the track near the water Union Airports—true. Mr. Hull Write for Catalog.

tank and the boards back where came over from Lima to sign this Mail This Coupon contract. thrust trainthey the belonged perhaps when know—or Name its don't black Porter a bend. snout you around Tom know—thatYou the for Address Universal a stop, it chugged to Airport bought Lance As

knocked at one of the windows, his boss several weeks ago. Your City toand a porter opened the door. He boss and Hull are partners now We can studentsprovide outroomof andtownboard

ran through the cars and in the that's why Hull had to sign. At

third one found Mr. Rossiter, who least it was advisable."

glanced up in surprise and then Lance looked puzzled. "Yes;

smiled. but what had that to do with me?"

"I bring you some rather unMr. Rossiter smiled. "I asked

pleasant news,"he explained in Tom if he had any young fellow low tones. "I'm glad I was able in his organization whom I might

to reach you before you signed that train for an executive position in contract."my company. He recommended

"What do you mean, Freeman?"you; but said you were only 22.

Lance went on to explain; and Seemed a bit young to me. But he

the old man nodded somberly, but said he'd give, you a test which there seemed to be a twinkle in his would prove to my satisfaction eyes. that you had both ingenuity and

"How'd you ever reach here in integrity—that you were able to

time to catch the train? I thought think clearly in emergencies. That

there was no other plane at your you had the perseverance necessary airport?"to fit yourself for an executive poLance smiled ruefully. 'There sition in my concern! And I must

wasn't, sir!"And he explained say, Freeman, that you've passed

how he had come in the old Gussie, the test with flying colors! Will

until it had refused to go farther. you forgive me for putting you to

all this trouble?"

Mr. ROSSITER nod- "Forgive you!"An unsteady

ded thoughtfully. Fifteen minutes smile trembled on Lance's humorlater, the train pulled into Los ous mouth as he reached eagerly

Dentados. Clyde Hull was standfor Mr. Rossiter's outstretched

ing on the platform, and he ran hand.

forward when he saw Mr. Rossiter.

His eyes widened when he saw a A Summer Day grimfaced Lance Freeman step off By Beutah Rose Stevens the aviationbehind man. Then dawn: TISa question in his eyes. formed On Mr. Rossiter laughed. "You Sheer webstree areanddrawn,lawnhave the contracts, Hull?"Brightspangled with the dews Stay Young,!

"Yes, sir."He handed them to To opalescent hues.

fairyland of changing husband Your A lights—-'twould expects youthe old man. seem to keep your youthful apRossiter scratched his name on a world's lovely The dream!

both, after glancing at them briefly. pearance.

Lance started. After his warning! The'Tis noon.roses swoon If you let electric servants.""But, sir—With kiss of June do your housework, you

Mr. Rossiter smiled. "Read And breathe a fragrant sigh

them over, Freeman."To each breeze wandering by have more time to relax.

Lance did so. "Why, this conTill allfume:the sunshine seems a bright perElectric servants sweep,

tract reads that you are leasing both The world, a flower in bloom. wash dishes, cook and

the Universal and Union Airheat water. Make use of Twilight:ports!"them. And coming night

Mr. Rossiter looked at Clyde Delays her flight

see star the evening thenHull, and they both laughed. To

greeting afar UTAH POWER & Send from red. turnedLance LIGHT COMPANY "I'm beginning to see,"he blurtToAndeagerall thefeetworldthat tois safehome!haven roam

ed. "Then this is all a joke! Tom

Au\wv iatgtjxnvAOvj\Al

From Greenriver, Utah, Comes a Letter happiness makes one feel they have found something worth real inspiration a us for, and to they striving been have and live Porter to read Era,"Doris Improvement T The them.'."bless pray, unitedly help, 'God we and "- are things its that so are covers ALMOSTwrites—"between many

tells story. Kidderminster the comparagraph The That in person, I that every priceless read, to to wish know. and

it housing securing a discouraging time mittee began had when it spirit that the read renewed could out, with our and Church their to willing open People not were accommodations. I if it; sale did, be read the possesses they would me, when

Saints, fair was the Latterday although to pay homes tremendous."

i 1 1 offered.other year,By ifdintKidderminsterof effort theisresistanceselected wasas theovercome.place for Anthe

Certainly, He May Take This Occasion June conference, homes will be opened willingly. That is

I take this occasion to add a word of commendation the report of Branch Counselor William B. Gittins, who

visitors. settled MAY for the lodgings the of staff publication to you for the marvelous your you and

scores in prejudice of hundreds broken In was homes down, Angeles. Bailey, are writes Los Paul building,""The D. from

left. slogan Certainly year's investigators the past was were are articles, material stories, faithpromoting nonfiction and

Allegiance exemplified, Actions Will Prove Our "By Our We a is it a standpoint order; typographical highest the of from

a will Kidderminster have branch Church."The The To official credit to as Church to the and Church; an and you

interest lively benefit, friendships direct strong for and much itself."is class absolutely in a organ, by Era Improvement The

created. were

is a Typesetting Since company, connected Bailey with Mr.

result, the different considering a could hardly be There it carries otherwise praise that weight of than more word spirit gathered. in the people which young do. might

eight o'clock the testimony meeting mornSunday on At -f i i in zeal beautiful the the the chapel ing Church, by owned

An Editor Writes of The Improvement Era and earnestness were exemplified by the words of one young

Kidderto able to that be prayed he had man. might go He expressing to this take opportunity of you me my [ ET the minster, lacked the along means. walking but was He -J-1 publication the of the Era,"congratulations monthly on

street a to yielding impulse wended morning, sudden one and the Bulletin, editor Transcriptsays of Alex Tooele and Dunn, his to hospital. a he exclaimed doctor There met way who date. letter official recent a in of Stake, of a Tooele prominent

see glad to transfusion that he he come. was blood had was Aa is it leads that state the today to exaggeration world "It not

clean, tested required desired this he of the blood young and is the in standpoint the of magazines. not only from This

pints for paid taken. were was man. Enough money Two articles, elevating, the material typogbut wholesome, of the

it suffered to the the conference, take he to youth and June illustrations appeal an magazine the animate raphy and with ill slightest effects not the drain. the from the world. in equal has which magazine no

"The rich, mellow tone of the illustrations and typography But every branch of the British mission will benefit from in the May issue seemed to reach a height which could scarcely the conference. From Scotland, Ireland and Wales and every

be excelled, but that is what I think of each issue and each district of England representatives have carried back a stimulasucceeding time an improvement is noticeable. tion not only for the work of the Mutual Improvement but

"Congratulations again. I am sure that the inspiration of for,all the auxiliaries and the whole great cause.

the Lord is with you in your work. You have successfully There is a psychology in numbers. Many of our branches

solved the modern trend, brought on by the movies, to appeal are small with few members carrying many responsibilities.

to the vision as a point of contact."When more than four hundred, of one heart and mind, meet

1 1 1 together in song, prayer and the stirring program of the

An English Mayor Welcomes the M. I. A. conference,All go backa newwithfeelingthe littleof grandeurpart theyof thedid workglorifiedwas created.by the

Church of Latterday Saints strength and beauty of the larger group, as they saw it in

June Convention, l 935: action.

its as fixed Kidderminster Convention having upon friendships that will Kidderminster were begun in Many THE

I feel that and of welcome venue for this year, a word result go were on forever. Some acquaintances made that may

appreciation in this Jubilee year is not out of place. in romance and marriage. It may be stated frankly that one

I appreciate that out of all the centers and churches you of the objectives of the conference was to let the young have up and down the country, you should have chosen this membership of the Church meet and have opportunity to for your conference and deliberation. establish those enduring ties.

I trust visit delegates that a the for us days few many who teaches that should Church young and The men women receive will a brief hearty stay their in or life's welcome—that responsibilities, to as look forward marriage opof one

Kidderminster around a one, be they happy and may when blessings. the portunities factors the great of and of One

a return recollections pleasant they of so home, do with may is its Latterday the Saints willingness growth of the of in spent friends days beautiful country few surrounding among families. large to in believe have members them. They We carry successful the a and of with conremembrance them treasures. are eternal authorities will the of be mission The

vention. interested exceedingly in observing the conference of whether

Faithfully yours, will June, be attended couples married I 936 whose young by. (Signed) E. Meredith A. (Mayor) at Kidderminster. romance began

letter above of taken Millennial Star was from The The officers the of Associations Mutual Improvement The com- 6. June

planned executed and flawlessly their inspiring program. i pletely

of planning Months were rewarded and work by a surprisingly

British M. I. A. Conference a Glorious Occasion good result.

A PART of the happy program of the M. I. A. June More important than all, the Lord gave bounteously of His

**: conference was a room full of "Treasures of Truth."Spirit. Testimonies were strengthened and deeper determinaNext year when this interesting exhibit of the art and faith tion made by those who assembled to do His will.

of girlhood is brought together, the book of one of the Gleaners It was moreover the first missionwide gathering of the will have a treasure acquired in Kidderminster. traveling elders for some time. Approximately one hundred

On the yellow cover of one Gleaner's conference program a came, learned to know one another, conferred over their probresident of the little Worcestershire town wrote: "I have lems, received instructions and went back to their districts

been charmed with the visit of the Latterday Saints to our better prepared for their sacred work. Altogether it was a

home. We took them with a little misgiving. We say memorable and glorious occasion. Joseph J. Cannon, "Milgoodbye to them with genuine regret. Their very apparent lennial Star,"June 20, 1935.

"hi* ii%%M>!*':H

CAMPUS VIEWED FROM THE AIR

HIGHEST EDUCATIONAL VALUES

ARE OFFERED BY The University of Utah

Served by forty departments. A broad curriculum guarantees a wide

choice in academic and professional fields.

Send for a free catalogue and consider the opportunities available for advanced study in the State's largest institution of higher learning.

SCHOOLS OF

ARTS AND SCIENCES, EDUCATION, BUSINESS, MEDICINE, LAW,

ENGINEERING THE LOWER DIVISION Two years of college work providing orientation and a background for further study and advancement in a chosen field.

GRADUATE WORK THE EXTENSION DIVISION

Leading to the Master's degree Classes of interest and value to all

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Where ben EFIOAL

I LI FE NSURANCE

may be purchased

FOR THE VERY BEST THERE IS IN LIFE INSURANCE, CONTACT OUR LOCAL REPRESENTATIVE

OR THE GENERAL AGENT AT 310 DETWILER BLDG., 919 FIRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG.,

LOS ANGELES, CALIF. OGDEN, UTAH

405 CALIFORNIA BLDG., 515 TITLE & TRUST BLDG.,

BOX 501, OAKLAND, CALIF. PHOENIX, ARIZONA

IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO 622 FAILING BLDG., BULLOCK & SMART,

LYMAN, WYOMING PORTLAND, OREGON ELY, NEVADA

DIR. V1CEPRES. S EXECUTIVE. J. CCO. CANNON DIRECTOR PRESIDENT*.1HEEF.I! GRANT DIRECTOR SECRETARY C. OHLSON AXELB. DIR. VICE.PHES. 13T 4 JR.J. CLARK. REUBEN

ASST. SECRETARY E. PENROSE LEO DIR. 2NJ> V1CEPRES. & O. McKAVDAVID

ASST. SECRETAnV H. VIRGIL SMITH DIRECTOR SMITH FIELDINGJOS. ASST. Vv. TREASURER PEIRCK EARLE AND ADJUSTER CLAIMS LIFEB. T. RALPHS DEPT. R. E. LOAN SUP P. ECCENE W ATKINS DIRECTOR W. ADAMSORVAL SUPERVISOR AOEMCX Vt'AlDO M, ANDERSEN DIRECTOR L. CHIPMANSTEPHEN DIR. ttfOTBfcM MWAMW