#lmpiTOmenMEra

MARCH, 1942 fRETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED Y, UTAH

V..kkk AMERICANS ARE - Jfr*-"*

Mr REDISCOVERING THEIR AMERICA/

laid in liberty the foundations of

America, the us United States OURthisSTURDYland. TheyANCESTORScreated for of

and their sons and grandsons made it great and strong.

Had we forgotten, in recent years, to be grateful for our American way of life? Yes, most of us had. But now that we stand in

peril of losing it—we remember. Now that we must fight with

*w:: all that we have and are, to hold that heritage, we look back

on the hard history that lifted us up on the heights. And we

review the later years that have brought us to this bitter hour.

Today, in 1942, the mists are clearing from our vision. The

Nation is at war. Americans are rediscovering their America.

Now, AS IN THE DAYS of the pioneers, Agriculture is the foundation of American security and of American survival. In the fight

for Victory the man who really fights leads all others in our devotion. And here, back home, no man's job is greater than the

farmer's job. He must raise the food that freemen need.

International harvester pledges that its utmost effort shall be rendered—through its factories and the men who build

its products, and through the dealers who service and sell its machines—to the end that the people of America may win their

way to early victory and peace

International Harvester Company 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

"We, the INTERNATIONAL Dealers and Servicemen of America, will VICTOR} give our best to help keep farm BUYUNITED equipment, STATES old and new, on the SAVINGS job fill peace is won]"fBONDS

SERVICE FARM EQUIPMENT...PARTS

Mtedf ed Mdi off <MoH4tyweete4ied

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR./Children's hair becomes darker as GRAHAMS the children grow older. A study By PURITY

of children Dutch white of Holland, the Make up shortage on sugar giving by childyour ren plentyMichigan, of that the these hair showed delicious head and nourishing Honey. Bee Graham Crackers.. served with milk. All thebecomes darker unit almost of one by richness of Chapparalflavored honey, pure shortening and selectedthe flours. FischerSailer scale Look with for year the each rich brown

package. for six the yearsof age eighteen. to In PURITY

the scale used there are twentyfour

black.units from very light blond to pure PURITY BISCUIT CO., Salt Lake City. Utah I

Gentlemen: Please send free copy of your I

'TPhe city of Rome had a population clever new "Cartoon Cookery". I

of four million one hundred I thousand inhabitants in A. D. 14. Name I

the year of Tiberius'death, accord- I ing to an inscription with statistics reAddress I cently found at Ostia, ancient city at I the mouth of the Tiber, six miles from

Rome. IJ r\oGS were used in warfare as early as 600 B. C, in a battle between

Alyattes, king of Lydia, in Asia Minor, and the Cimmerians. The king is supposed to have taken the field with many

large and fierce dogs which fell upon the invaders, tore many of them to pieces and put others to flight. B l/2 ozs.

lib. 7V new color film has been developed 2 lbs.

* from which full color prints can be made instead of the usual black and whites from the negative. The film is

different films in former color from that Doing it negative makes a transparent from which prints can easily be made on 5""iS* photographic paper. DOUBLE

A new atomic gun, the "betatron,"** has been developed to hurl the DUTY negative electrons in the same manner positiveas the cyclotron gets atomic for particles to speeds. up tremendous InAmerica U) Kerst, this D. doughnutvented by W.

shaped apparatus is called "betatron"since the beta particles given off by radioactive material were later found s to be electrons. The twentymillion- p

volt betatron, constructed at General

Electric, if its electrons are directed at Vital to America's victory pro target,a metal can X-rays produce is the frequent, BUY gram similar penetrating rays than from transportationmore provided lowcos'BOTHradium and in addition more radiation DEFENSE our great armies—military andthan the whole world's supply. civilian—by the Union Pacific BONDS Stages! Thus America keeps going

ecocomfortably,—conveniently, air at cubic mile of summer essential conservesA single save dollars the with you

satFahrenheit, degrees about 100 for nomically—yetmaterials Defense. National"

Pacific trips Union on by forty with moisture,urated drop would

BUS SAVE YOUR CAR - GO BY if the earth tons ofthousand water on SuperCoach.

suddenly cooled to freezing.

See your local Union Pacific A Rochelle salt crystal can flash a Bus Agent for complete infor- **"neon sign when the crystal is hit mation.

with a gavel. This is an example of the

piezoelectric effect in which a change in size caused by the blow generates momentary voltages of considerable il union pacific strces <*ize. (Concluded on page 132) 7>Mmprooemenf Era "The Glory of God is Intelligence'

Heber J. Grant, 1942MARCH,VOLUME 45 NUMBER 3 John A. Widtsoe,Editors

Richard L. Evans,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor

Josephson, tfarba C.

QUORUMS, PRIESTHOOD OF THEOFFICIAL RGAN Editor Associate DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTMBTOAL

Morris, Mgr. General Q. George COMMITTEE, WARD MUSIC EDUCATION,MEHT OF

Associate Mgr. Cannon, Lucy G. CHURCH OF THE AGENCIES OTHERTEACHERS, AND

Business Mgr. ]. Orton, K. SAINTS. LATTERDAY CHRIST.fESUS OFOF

Jobbb i CofdtsmtL 0O yoiLJOWW—

Some Thoughts for the Month. Heber J. Grant 137

(jkuJVcL J>dWlSLdu Whichbecomesof the83 Generalyears ofAuthoritiesage this

President Rudger Clawson Richard L. Evans 138 month? 139

Tributes to President Rudger Clawson 139 auxiliary is one cenChurch What Relief Society—A Century of Good Works 140 tury old this month? Amy Brown Lyman 140

President Clawson Speaks 142 Twelve reasons why a Mormon

Shadows of Missionary Life Charles A, Callis 143 should be a better employee? 149

The Accomplishments of One Relief Society..Alice M. Graves 146

The Anthon Transcript Ariel L. Crowley 150 What six features distinguish an

Evidences and Reconciliations—XLVII—What Is the Place unusual garden? 153

161 John A, Widtsoe in the Church? of Woman Where people should turn to learn 176 134, 146 Genealogy Welfare Church

In Memoriam, Captain Mervyn Mutual Messages: Executives.. 178 what the future has in store? 160

S. Bennion 146 M. I. A. in Brazil, J. Alden

Church Moves On 157 Bowers 1 78 How to mend household rubber

Priesthood: Melchizedek 170 M MenGleaners 179 gloves? 164

Aaronic 173 South Los Angeles M MenWard Teaching 174 Gleaner Convention, Verda How much liquor and cigarettes

No LiquorTobacco 170 Ord 1 79 are consumed yearly in Utah?—170

Fireside Group, Queen Anne Juniors 180

Girls BeeHive Ward, Seattle. 172 lesPriesthood to find your 180 Where

181 - Music sons for next morning?. Sunday

Sp&rimL J/zcrftiteA, 171 Why Not Raise Soybeans? John C. Hooper 145

Gaining Economic Security Through Payment of Tithing.... EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Ira J, Markham 149 OFFICES:

153 Robert F* Woller City, Salt Street, Shall Utah. Lake Garden? I Plant Main 50 North My How

Inc.. Cor- a Funds. Mutual 1942 Copyright by 156 ton Universe, Frankthe Exploring

ImproveMutual the poration Men's Young of 156 lin Facts 129 Food S. Harris, Jr Christ Jesus the Association Church ment of of

Telefacts 132 Homing: Lentils 162 of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subyear, in advance; 20c price. scription a $2.00......162 Hints Letters Libya 133 Handy From

single copy. B. Barbara Corner, Cooks'Winsor.,134 to Iran, Route L. M. En Salt Office, Lake City. at the Post Entered 163 Burnett Cuicuilco Excavation, The for matter. Acceptance secondclass as Utah,

Charles E. Dibble 135 Index to Advertisers 181 mailing at special rate of postage provided

1917 October, of in for section 1103, Act.....192 the 155 and Ours Your Page Book Rack On 1918. authorized July 2,

1....192 Planting Daniel HarringTrees Taylor, for Farm John is responsible not Improvement Era The

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcome! contributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

President Rudger Clawson John A. Widtsoe 160

Dark Secrets from Dark Places Richard L. Evans 160 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Above Price Marba C, Josephson 160 REPRESENTATIVES

Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

Ways Without Means Seth Harmon 144 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

To Fill a Cup—Short, Short Story Leone A. Rose 147 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

The Grizzly of Logan River.. Claude M. Barnes 148 New York: Dougan and Bolle

Unconquered James P. Sharp 152

Frontispiece: This Is Spring, Poetry Page 154 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Edna S. Dustin 136 Spring Is Today, Delsa D. McCIRCULATIONS

Prayer, After Reading EmerBride 187 son's Essays, Ida Dorsey 144 The Storm, Graine Lynn 183

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 190

JJul fovsuc A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY fHE moods of March are back again. The brooding study of strength and unrest is

by Jack Cannon. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

1 00 yearsa great & ft ft In 1842 when Joseph Smith organized the Relief Society, 23% of all

Americans could neither read nor write. The first public school was

only 14 years old. One man in 500 went to college, and not until 1858

would any American university admit a woman, for it was unlawful to educate a slave. In 1842 everybody was poor in the sense that they

had only the barest necessities. Sorgum and salt pork were the daily

fare. Every sixth baby died. Life expectancy was 40 years. From her

daily routine of scrubbing, washing, baking, weaving and mending, a woman was old at 30. Without one laborsaving device, a radio or

an automobile, she died without ever knowing what leisure or entertainment meant. From the soil of universal ignorance grew weeds of

bigotry, intolerance and corruption.

In 1842 it took 4 months of fast travel to go from Nauvoo to Salt Lake

City. Today it is a matter of hours. Today 45% of our children finish

high school, 13% go to college. Life expectancy is 65, and only 4 out of

100 babies die. Today 1 billion, 500 million mechanical horses have

lifted the backbreaking burden from the backs of women.

You, the women of the Relief Society, can look back on the greatest century in human history, and through the pattern of the past see the shape of the future taking form... a glorious future free from poverty,

drudgery, sickness and ignorance. To live today, to be an American, to

possess infinite confidence and faith in this great nation and its future, and to participate in the preparation of the human race to enter this golden age is a privilege to be dearly cherished. On this Centennial

Day, let us pledge anew our determination to do our part in its fulfillment.

ZCMIAmerica's First Dept. Store

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942 TELEFACT

GOVERNMENT'S RUBBER STOCK 430,000 TONS

206,000 TONS JOHN DEERE 112,500 TONS

PotatoPlanted liiil*:iiiiiiiiiaii#

JAN.l JULYl JULYl

1941 1941 1942 (ESTIMATE)

SCIENCE SERVICE -DICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 1 JOJ

Exploring the Universe causeare morelightningfrequentflashesin hotbetweenclimatescloudsin to of the one Plan new, own now cloud to from a those to comparison 129) {Concluded fcom page timesaving Deere Potato John earth. the Planters planteliminate your and the earth's miles above thousand "Cour

ing next spring worries for and field earth's the magnetic * surface, eliminates invention simple fast, new years to to In addition come. efficient planting, these planters is still oneeighth its value on the sur- A the danger of the dishpan's slipping

bring you Tohn Deere simplicity face. from the fingers. Grooves in the rim of

ferticonstruction, strength of and pockets receiving finger act as the pan lizer in the placement approved critical study gives A recent grip nonslip can be made a which some by easilyband-type large method, ** interesting conclusions on Galileo pan. on the filled easy 4-bushel operahoppers,

tion, light draft, and perfect and his reputed use of the Leaning balance. See your John Deere Tower of Pisa to demonstrate the law Cince February 9, Salt Lake City's

Aristotle. falling bodies, and refute *"dealer now—get full information. of approximately one time is new

Aristotle that reports Cooper Lane actwenty-eight ahead of minutes hour to attritubed assertions the never made HP* the tual time. noon sun by At actual

the him. mentions LeanGalileo never will Salt Laker's show a sun watch *r Wsl - HH Bill is in his there writings, and ing Tower 1:28 p. m.

nothing in the writings of his contemporaries to show such an experiment soloutfit States 'T'o United just one Galileo. Actuever performed was by

of twenty * dier requires the wool fall at the ally that all bodies the law same speed, neglecting friction of the sheep, the leather of one steer hide, the air, had been experimentally shown cotton from half an acre of farmland, before the time of Galileo. and the fur of innumerable rabbits.

cause not do HPhunderstorms as HPhe tropical semiFor Free Literature, Write to 'and * mond,Cullinan,originallythe world'sweighedlargestalmostdia-a A much damage in

JOHN DEERE PLOW CO. tropical as in temperate climates bepound and a half.

Salt Lake City, Utah, Dept. PS50

T L E f A C T It's never too kite to send an 'Era"subscription. MORE FARMERS BUY

COOPERATIVELY IN U.S.A.

CLEAN, GLASSY COSTUMES THE We have the and FUL BEST,MOST theAUTHENTICMOST COLORcos- 1929 tumes for your opera "Erminie"and your play 'The Barretts."

Also TUXEDO SUITS for formal wear and stage use.

BIBLICAL CHARACTERS, COSTUMES and WIGS for every need, MAKEUP

MATERIALS. jl A. JL Reasonable Prices—Best of Service -9l

HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP 34 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Occupying 10 Rooms in Constitution

Building Write Us Your Needs Each symbol represents 1% of all farms operators

SCIENCE SERVICE -MCTOGRAPH CORPORATION %A3

off. There were a couple already in their land without any effort at all. The hand

testify, it I sincerely of again, saved their as Engnoses pointed dive had God and LYBIA LETTERS FROM

... before land as saved. she has us. been right a dived into at seemed two We

Salt B. of Ben Alward fortunately hole had shallow most whichThrough

there have Lake City come is there Sister barely letter Florbelow nearby, been dug from and second '"Phe to us two letters from two the level of the surface of the ground, one A ence Bailey of the Enmore Branch, another, after dive and watched themfaithful we the of Australian members in District writthe South Wales New their our both discharge bombs. had officers We bothChurch, commissioned her regarding ing Brother to Alward explosions. of the singed heat near byin in service the the East. The Near son, Bailey Benjamin Eric Captain I in vehicle, have would been which hairMy isfirst from Horace Major Henry in 11th, Brisbane, born July if who was talk, to to not stopped blown I had was

in born Sydney,Woodford, New in 1908, reared and Newcastle and others. pieces, as were There were many

South Wales, on Christmas Day, 1906. one hundred thirtytwo bomb craters in an Sydney, Australia. He enlisted for

Major Woodford is the brother of area two hundred yards square, sixteen of active service in April, 1940, and left

George Woodford of Salt Lake City, them being within a radius of ten yards from for the Middle East in September, 1941

I feeling hole. describe the cannot has taken part our alwaysand an active of An excerpt from her letter reads:

all stuff as it that seemed, coming, watchingin the Church. Horace Major Woodford was the first Australian to fill a fulldirect at me. After it was over and all was Dear Ben:

to before several lapse quiet minutes took.. in besieged has Tobruk been Horace. to sailed missiontime Australia. He

I I afterto able experienced move. wasit is in Palpresent at seven he but. months, 5th, tooverseas 1940, England on May.. spirits feeling great of a and high wards estine, Eric. miles six going are from They left six after in months he Englandand I initial off after the shock had worn was all to to see places the holy on Jerusalem

in Palestine,for arriving there January, the that of fully the conscious only hand their to leave. both been next have They

, later to active transferred I1941 and was death. from a saved Almighty me am Eric Nile. the Cairo, a boat house on on

service in Lybia. Excerpts from his little deaf but that is clearing up.... is at, the site where the Philisletter written from Libya read Am now in far western Lybian desert entines fought, and Samson's tomb is in the

joying all the discomforts of desert warfare locality. They have both visited the pyra-

... I am still unscathed; it could have and living. Dust, vermin, very little water, mids.... Horace had some gruelling exbeen otherwise on many occasions, but I ample, but entirely tinned foods, sickness, periences, but he came through safely....

am convinced that I have been protected. and millions of other scourges. Our lads President Judd gave him and Eric a blessing

I do not intend to relate any of my horrible are bearing up with it all and generally and promised them if they lived the gospel experiences other than one incident to show speaking are very well and fit, and more they would survive.

you why I consider that I am being prosurprising, they are most cheerful and happy.... The warship Sydney has been sunk

tected by Palestine. an Unseen ago Hand. Sometime southern all I saw been Parton... The with had Jews hands—Frank

little now, a before dusk making turning are certainly trip that I was Arabs toand land they Last photographer. as on her

wards my truck to go out to some of my into a beautiful garden. I saw it at its best sent a rich man's son instead and Frank was

forward sections. I got to within a few when the fields were sown with crops and upset, but I guess he is thanking his lucky

paces of the vehicle and stopped to talk to the orchards full of fruit.... stars now.... Horace says there is a valanother driver about a vehicle being re- I met the King and Queen, Churchill, and ley of bleached skeletons of Germans and

paired. We became aware of a whistling lots of other notables. Had several long our boys. The ground was too hard to

noise which we had learned to distinguish chats with King George. We arrived there bury them, and anyhow who would risk it.

as diving aircraft. I looked up and the sky just in time to see the last of the Dunkirk... He had an Italian officer's boots on. His

was full of "Stukas,"(dive bombers) which evacuation and the capitulation of France. own were worn out... None of our Latterhad come in at a terrific height and glided What days and what stirring times! Hitler, day Saint boys have had anything happen

to this particular location with engines shut if he had only known, could have had Engto them so far.

CAR CONSERVATION HEADQUARTERS Drive in For Systematic Checkup Service

To Make Your Car and Tires Last Longer

Our service men have been specially schooled to render inspection and checkup services to make your car last longer... now more important

than ever. Some of the services are needed once a week on an average

others at 1000 mile intervals—still others each season. Play Safel Make

a habit of driving in regularly each week at the VicoPep 88 sign—Car

Conservation Headquarters.

KEEP IT ROLLING—MAKE IT LASTKEEP IT SERVICED—DON'T DRIVE FAST!

TIRES PROPERLY INFLATED

OIL LEVEL MAINTAINED SPECIALIZED LUBRICATION

Utah Oil Refining Company Specialized Lubrication StationsDriveEverywherein at this familiarin Utah sign& Idaho %tt

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

EN ROUTE TO IRAN By L M. WINSOR

Of the Church Agricultural Advisory Committee

II rThese excerpts from a letter to Harold aconsistsfew cases,of wesuchdo asnotpotatoesknow exceptand onin

B. Lee constitute the second word from ions for Honolulu, also oranges for the

to L. published since be he Winsor M, Philippines Batavia Java. and At we

in early Iran left September. /or VISIT of bales of took water on hundreds V- doubly /SeTOUR hides, sugar. falo at Semarang, and caneTbe bufWe abU by WgiS, tin at 1941. also Oct. 17, Batavia. Klepfontem, loaded Even now

is now fortythree days since we our ship is loaded again to capacity in

IT sailed the through and cargo. Golden Gate ousMormoaWke terially depleted. are still a long from we way my desBut our passengerWe put offlist quiteis ma-a the heart of M. s

tination. But all is well and we are number of "preparedness program"

making good time today headed due workers, engineers, mechanics, at or save. northwest across the Bay of Bengal, Manila, also students and missionaries

an arm of the Indian Ocean. for China. And at Singapore we landed

ME>N 550,000 From San Francisco we sailed first safely a large group of Americans and

COFFEE SHOP:o Honolulu where we were laid up three Canadians who go to Burma to do spedays for repairs to engines. Then due cial service in aid to China. They are

west to Manila, then south to Batavia, fliers, mechanics, technicians, and

Java. Then east to Semarang, Java, clerks. We feared for our safety while

then northwest to Singapore, and now they were on board because of the southwest then northwest through the Japanese situation. But it was a real

Straights of Malacca, and across the privilege to have the association of such

Bay of Bengal to Madras. Up to that a spirited group of young men.

point from which this letter will be Some of the highlights of my trip mailed we have covered approximately have been an evening at the temple at 12,200 miles. From there we go to Hawaii.... Next a trip out from ManHotel Temple Square Colombo on the Isle of Ceylon, 580 ila seeing the old walled city of Manila,

miles; then to Bombay, India, 1300 and the numerous old churches; then a

miles; then 1 have approximately JUUU trip through and around tiatavia where

miles to cover in reaching my destinathe Dutch have done such a wonderful

CLA.RENCE E. WONNACOTT job in cleaning up the island and elimiManager tion.A lady from England, wife of an nating malaria; then up to the tea planEnglish officer who have spent all their tations on the mountain sides; the milevS

married lives (thirty years) on the and miles of terraced rice fields, the border between Iran and India, joined governor's mansion, and the botanical us at Singapore. She is returning from gardens. At Singapore we saw the

England to her home in India. Norquaint old Chinese settlement where live

mally it would take only twelve days. six hundred thousand Chinese and adBut she had to come the roundabout jacent to it the Hindu, American and

way... already more than two and English sections where there are anone-half months on the water. We other four hundred thousand or more.

have aboard two English children, a The great military activity and prepaboy, seven, and a girl, eleven, who were ration for war is very noticeable. Last

sent to Canada for safety. Now they but not least, I visited the palace and

are going to their parents in India whom grounds of one of the Chinese brothers.

they have not seen for three years.... Dr. A. W. Boon Par, or the "Tiger

We have had some few thrills running Balm"kings who were portrayed in Life away from ships that might have been about last July. We saw the two milenemy raiders. Our captain is very lion dollar collection of jade, alabaster,

"Iron Age can't be beaten"alerttime weandreachedtakes noHonoluluchances.we haveFromseenthe handand amber,carved awaremarvelousand statuary.collection ofclaims grower Jersey New destination of activity plenty in preparation to reach anxious I'm for war my

his Will 450 plant J. Clayton son and earnest. in real happen. Soldiers, again or for whatever to may and go to work J., Freehold, farm. potatoes on their N. acresAndof

every planted the acre Clayton been has with his planter. In fourrow Iron HiSpeed Age sailors,everywhere—-dugouts,marines by the tensbombof thousandsshelters, IforamservicelookinginforwardIran andto possiblythe opportunityin Iraq satishis Clayton words, Mr. upown summed

faction by saying, "The Iron Age potato blackout drill. At Singapore the public or India where they are very much in

yieldsplanter beaten."can't Superior be from buildings down town have high walls need of the kind of help I am equipped tell potatoes450 acres the story of of faster

planting, unparalleled BandWay fertilizer built around them to protect from flying to give them in flood control. It was

placement, With Iron greatestAge HiSpeedpossible plantersaccuracy. you cut debris in case of bombings. It does the opportunity to work in that field

planting costs, get greater close spacing acnot seem possible that the world could that really tempted me to accept this curacy arms. faster planting 16 picker with is life peril in state reach one's a appointment. where

A. B. Limited, Pa. York, CO., FARQUHAR wishes the Please of expanse a such over and best broad extend..my. love States Co.,Mountain Ogden, Implement Utah

is situation surface; in Salt City the that but world's Lake our associates to

and it is growing steadily worse. whom I miss very much and say that I

the to looking already forward am this ship left San Francisco we When

. return. for time my ten capacity, thouto about loaded IRONAGE was bless your Father our.. you in I May believe, hundred one tons and sand POTATO fifty passengers. We have spent three to wonderful mission,

sincerely, Yours most cargo unloading port four days at each

L. cargo the M. Winsor. more. taking PLANTER! and on What

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

THE CUICUILCO EXCAVATION At Your Bidding...

By Charles E. Dibble

Natural Gas responds to your bidding as quick as fingers can

THEbeenValleyan areaof ofMexicovolcanichas activlong requiringturn a valve—or,you to lift ina finger!some appliances, automatically, without

ity, and extinct volcanic cones are familiar landmarks. After the valIn homes, factories, shops and stores this useful servant perley was peopled, a flow of molten lava forms marvels of service... promoting greater efficiency...

poured down a mountain slope parsaving time and labor. It is clean, economical, instantly availtially to cover a massive mound, which able.

had served as the base for an altar.

We are pleased to have the opportunity—and the responsibility

of protruding from The top a mound supplying this modem fuel to many thousands of users in—of great surface lavaa jagged suggests anthis territory.

tiquity, and Cuicuilco has long been considered the most ancient temple on the

American continent. Early geological

estimates considered the lava flow tobe five thousand years old, but suhseNATURAL GAS for the 4 big jobs COOKING WATERHEATING HEATING REFRIGERATION MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

THESE PHOTOGRAPHS SHOW THE PART OF

CUICUILCO WHICH PROJECTS ABOVE THE SURFACE OF THE LAVA.

quent archeological investigations show the eruption to be more recent.

In 1826, Cuicuilco was excavated;

the lava was cut from the sides of the mound, and its original size and shape plotted. The center of the circular

mound is formed of adobe, and the sides are faced with irregular rocks.

The pottery and figurines uncovered suggested a B. C. date for the erection

of the mound. Miskin Scrapers will be shipped on approval where they

Recent work by Dr. George C. Vailare not yet known.

lant at the many early archeological sites in the valley of Mexico brings the Date - 1942 volcanic eruption down to a much later Miskin Scraper Works, date. He has carefully compared the Ucon, Idaho.

artifacts of Cuicuilco with others from Gentlemen:

sites excavated and dated by him. It Without obligation to me, I would like information on the correct size

that the volseems probable verynow....tractor Miskin Scraper to use with mycano that erupted about 400 A. D., and (State make and model)the mound was constructed a century

earlier. This recent date is more in Name accord with an AztecToltec tradition, Address as recorded in Los Angeles de Cuauhtitlan, which recalls a volcanic eruption

early in the history of the valley.

Photograph by Wagne B. Hales

Jhiiu 9a. Sphinq

Because the woods and sky today present

A rhythmic pageantry of beating wings,

Because the mounting sap has slowly nosed

By Through willow's arms to waken tiny things

EDNA S. Like Maltese kittens with their eyes still closed,

DUSTIN And painting up the Winter's monotones

Are gay forsythia bells that brightly ring,

Through daffodils'bright yellow telephones,

Earth's minute voices amplify—SPRING.

!he EdrtorsTaqe

SonuL JPwujqhiA. #&v thsL Wbwdtk.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

When we stop to contemplate the What are we working for? Wealth.

great hardships that our fathers and Riches. If we have embraced the gosmothers have had to pass through in pel of Jesus Christ, then we are workestablishing the work of God in the ing for eternal life. Then we are laborearth, it should cause us to be thankful ing to save our souls. And after savbecause of our comparatively pleasant ing our own souls we are laboring for

surroundings. I sometimes feel that we the salvation of our children. Perknow but little of their sorrows and of chance we leave them wealth. What

what they have had to endure. When does it amount to? Look at some of

we realize how easy it is for us to live, those families among the Latterday we cannot begin to imagine what hardSaints who have been left in affluent cirships they have had to pass through. cumstances. Show me, my friends, if

I am truly grateful that I have not been you can, their increase in faith and.called to endure such trials. I never works in laboring for the onward adhad a desire, myself, to have experivancement of God's kingdom, because

ences of this kina. We sometimes meet of their increase in wealtn.... I want

people who say they would like to have to say that the best inheritance that witnessed the trials of the early Saints you can leave to your sons and daughand taken part in them, but I have no ters is an investment in the kingdom of wish to nominate myself for a martyr. God.

I tell you what I do desire is to be tested and tried only so far as is necessary to qualify me for the duties which It seems to me that lazy people die have been imposed upon me, and to young while those who are ready and gain an exaltation in the presence of willing to labor and who ask the Lord my Heavenly Father. day by day to help them do more in

the future than they have ever done in the past, are the people whom the Lord loves, and who live to a good old age.

I am thankful that instead of finding things to day weaken faith day by my It annoys men when me whom the

I that year which and year by am finding blesses are great with Lord abundance it. strengthens willing full not to duty. do their

I am reminded of a man that lost the

The spirit to get all we can, and give apostleship. He failed to sustain the

as little as possible in return, is conPriesthood and exercised unrighteous trary to the gospel of the Lord Jesus dominion over those under him.

Christ. It is not right to desire something for which we do not give service

is all received. or value idea That grateful indeed very that you I am

of time question wrong, and it is only a sisters Society the Relief of good when the sheep and the goats will be going to try to educate people to takeare separated, so to speak. care of themselves. But it is only fair

for me to say to you that there are a number of people you are not going to be able to change. There are many

people who are born tired and never

There is nothing like example. I like get rested. There are any number of

to encourage people to do their duty people who just naturally have no conand to have a mind to do something, and ception of selfindependence. Our

if they have the mind and the desire, I country today is in a terrible condition am convinced they can do almost anyon that account principally.

thing they want to within the bounds of reason. From Gospel Standards

.

President Rudger Clawson OlMw haA. amiinujuL

fatty in. am*L w&tkbu

By RICHARD L EVANS Of the First Council of Seventy

looking back over the eightyfive years of President

IN Rudger Clawson's life, there stand out two elements of character and performance that gloriously dominate the whole sweep of the long course: courage and consistency. Countless heroic words have been used to extol

the quality of courage—but somehow or other men have

had less to say about consistency. We have been worshippers of the spectacular. Many of the "onedeed"men

have gone down in history because some writer of verse or of song has immortalized a single instance of valor while others whose lives have been a moving stream of good works have passed unnoticed. But of them the Lord himself has spoken high praise in His assurances to those

who "endure to the end."Combined in the life of Rudger

Clawson are both these elements—dramatic, unyielding courage—and quiet, unwavering consistency.

From his birth, March 12, 1857, to the present time, the record fails to show any instance in which this man did not respond with all his gifts and energies to any call that came to him through the channels of the Priesthood of

God. Nor does the record show any departure, for any

reason of personal advantage or expediency, from any conviction, or principle, or right course, or from justice and mercy and longsuffering patience and kindliness, as it was given to him to see and to know these things.

From his youth in a favored home, guided by noble parents, until his present eminence of years, he has walked the ways of life in goodness, with quiet effectiveness, and with full regard for the demands of duty. This could be

Events in the Official Ministry of Rudger Clawson said of him in his earliest carefree days. It was true of him,

1857, March 12: Born at Salt Lake City to Hiram B. and when, not yet twenty, he moved to New York as secretary

Margaret Gay Clawson. to one of the notable promoters and builders of the West.

1875, March 7: Ordained a seventy by Hiram B. Clawson. It could be said of him with rising emphasis as he stood

1879, April 9: Called to fill a mission to the Southern beside the body of his murdered missionary companion,

States. still there in hearts murwhose was facing an armed mob companion, 1879, His July 21:

It said intent, ground! could gave yet be no Elder Joseph Standing, derous and in Georgia. martyred by a mob

1888, February 5: Began his eleven year assignment as of him again when he suffered imprisonment in preference

president of Box Elder Stake. to the forsaking of principle; and again when he responded

1888, February 12: Ordained a high priest by Lorenzo to the call to preside over Box Elder Stake, and when he

Snow. 1898, October 10: Ordained an apostle by Lorenzo Snow. was called to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, and

1901, October 6: Sustained as second counselor in the when, as president of the European Mission, he quietly

First Presidency. faced threatening mobs.

1910, April 7: Called to preside over the European But, great and convincing as these dramatic experiences

Mission. 1910, April 17: Left with his family for Liverpool, arrivare, yet greater and yet more convincing is the manner of

ing June 4. his daily life. The spirit of his ministry was revealed in his

1912, October 15: Reorganized the French Mission. remarks on the occasion of his call to the apostleship

1912, November 17: Mobbed in Bristol. when he said:

1913, April 15: Released from duties as European Mission

president. It is true, as President [George Q.] Cannon has said, that I have

1918, November 23: Sustained as acting president of the been placed in some trying situations. I was with Elder Joseph Standing

Council of the Twelve (President Anthon H. Lund at the time of his martyrdom, and was myself exposed for a few moments

called to First Presidency ) to martyrdom, but I escaped through the providence of the Lord. I

1921, March 10: Succeeded President Anthon H. Lund have been placed behind prison bars for the testimony of Jesus, and

as president of the Council of the Twelve, and was that was a trying situation. When I came out of the penitentiary, I

set apart by President Heber J. Grant. was told that the Lord wanted me to labor as president of the Box Elder

1942, March 12: President Rudger Clawson's eightyfifth Stake, and I assure you, brethren and sisters, that that was a great

anniversary. (Concluded on page 189)

TRIBUTES TO PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON

a)uncUA.DfctPuL(}huhx}L

all the with other Church members long offer congratulations to President our sincere his eightof approach Clawson Rudger on the full in the of term enjoyment one's faculties anda we Tlois thelive privilegeto the honorableof few men,age ofandeightyfiveto fill outyearsthat valififth long, anniversary. birthday has a had He

It privilege. service greater in the of is a still God in will service neverant the Church. Church The

forget his courage and bravery, his stalwart defense falls to the lot of few, but has been the good forof truth, and his willingness to give his life, if need tune of our beloved leader, Rudger Clawson.

forbe, for the working, cause which he was in conGod endowed him with many talents and precious the Standing.nection with martyrdom of Joseph

Where the dictates of his conscience were involved, gifts which his brethren highly appreciate. Among

life or death were the same to him. these are his wisdom and loyalty. He has a keen

Our prayers join those of the entire Church that sense of his true relationship to his Church and life fullyhis until will he shall worked be spared have state and has been loyal to his fellows and his ideals.

all this earth. to forout the purposes which he came

May the Lord's blessings be with him always. His sense of humor endears him to all who come

HEBER J. GRANT into close contact with him.

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. The seventies of the Church follow his leaderDAVID O. McKAY ship with keen appreciation and pray God to con

The First Presidency tinue to bless him.

LEVI EDGAR YOUNG Dear President Rudger Clawson: ANTOINE R. IVINS

your brethren, members of the Council of SAMUEL O. BENNION

the Twelve, extend to you our best wishes JOHN H. TAYLORWEand our blessing as you near the eightyfifth RUFUS K. HARDY

anniversary of your birth. RICHARD L. EVANS

We appreciate you for your loyalty to the truth, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

your unwavering integrity and your firmness for The First Council of the Seventy the right. You have proved yourself to be a fearless

defender of the faith. As a young man in the forests of Georgia, when your martyred missionary

exgave an at your lay deadcompanion feet, you inDear President Clawson: will shine ashibition forever that an of courage

spiration to all after you. come who

under joy to labor It is a real your helpful, conFewyearsmenof servicehave everin theknownwork theof thejoyLord.of eightyfiveTo have

siderate, and able leadership. You lead with love thus consecrated your entire life to ministeringand kindness. You are openminded, tolerant and

wise in your conclusions. For more than twentyunto men is to have worshipped and served God in

three years you have presided over the Council of the most acceptable manner.

the Twelve, and during that time we have been Your unflinching devotion to duty and your inspiring leadership have awakened in the hearts of countunitedWe rejoiceand happywith underyou andyouryourleadership.loved ones on this

joyous occasion and wish you every blessing. less souls a deep sense of appreciation for the gosAffectionately your brethren, pel of Jesus Christ, as they have witnessed its fruits

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH in your abundant life.

GEORGE F. RICHARDS We greet you out of hearts warmed by your genial

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH influence, with our very souls giving thanks to our L RICHARDS STEPHEN

R. RICHARD LYMAN Heavenly Father for the gift and joy of your comJOHN A. WIDTSOE panionship.

JOSEPH F. MERRILL Sincerely your brethren,

CHARLES A. CALLIS

ALBERT E. BOWEN LE GRAND RICHARDS SYLVESTER Q. CANNON MARVIN O. ASHTON

HAROLD B. LEE JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN

The Council of the Twelve The Presiding Bishopric

Soaudty, A CENTURY OF GOOD WORKS By AMY BROWN LYMAN General President of the Relief Society

were given an organization, compretheir speaking in public. In 1837 a

hensive and complete. Pastoral Letter was issued by the

They were given to understand Massachusetts Conference of Conand made to feel that they were of gregational Ministers:

in their Church consequence some females encourage Against those who Photo by Blackstone Studios that their community, and in part in ostentatious and there to bear an obtrusive

AMY BROWN LYMAN was work for them to do, and that measures of reform, and countenance any in an organized capacity, with proper of that sex who so far forget themselves of public character itinerate in the to definite as ideals and standards and lead- a proceeding lecturers and teachers, the breaks, morning The prepare better could they shadows flee; purposes, ruin. ing and to degeneracy is unfurled. standard Lo! Zion's

for this work, and could themselves brighter day, of a dawning The carry This intense opposition to any systematically better and more world. the Majestic rises on

it forward. public activity on the part of women

error disappear of clouds forces. The antislavery the When tosplit proceeding or an incident Such

divine; of truth rays the Before appointed in Kelly 1840 was Abbie surprise and no cause would day afar, bursting from glory The Massachusetts the of committee to a nowithout even passed might by be will shine. nations o'er the soon Wide

—Parley P. Pratt. tice or comment, but in 1842 condiSociety, eight ministers resigned in

tions concerning women were very protest. A new organization was

only. with men members

in opposition This was intensifiedTheseP. Prattsublimemightwordsappropriatelyby Parley differentIn those fromdays whatmost theymen arein today.public formed

be applied to a day and an oclife, including professional men, educasion one hundred years ago when cators, and ministers, were vigorat the call of their leader a group of ously opposed to permitting women women met in a modest room in the to take any part in public affairs. EMMELINE B. WELLS

City of Nauvoo; for on that day as The condition of the minds of some 19101921

plans were unfolded to them, the men was revealed when women beshadows of prejudice, error, and igcame interested in the antislavery norance with respect to women because between 1833 and 1840, and gan to disappear, the rays of light, began to hold antislavery meetings.

truth, and inspiration shone forth. At first these meetings which were

For these women, and for other attended by men as well as women women, it was the dawning of a were held in parlors, but because of brighter day. the eloquence of some of the women

subject, of the their knowledge and gathered these women Who were popular CLARISSA S. WILLIAMS so the gatherings became spring early day oftogether on that

March 17, 1842? And what manand so well attended that they were 19211928

ner of women were they? They moved to churches and public halls.

were women who, because of their The antislavery forces thereupon religious beliefs, convictions, and became alarmed at the activities of devotion to principle, had, with their women, and objected especially to families and fellow Church members, faced trials, suffered hardships, and 1840 when a World AntiSlavery endured persecution. They were inConvention was held in London, and

telligent, warmhearted, lovable the eight women delegates from women, anxious to be helpful to their LOUISE Y. R0BIS0N America were not permitted to take

families and their community. 19281939 their seats in the convention hall beThey were greatly honored in because they were women. They were

ing called together officially on this only allowed to sit in the gallery beoccasion, and were almost overhind a curtained bar. This latter act

whelmed when future possibilities helped to crystalize the resentment for them were set forth, and they the women felt, and then and there

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

the idea of woman's suffrage was world to receive college degrees.

born. Eight years later, in 1 848, the It is remarkable that Joseph Smith,

American Suffrage Association was EMMA HALE SMITH one hundreds years ago, 1842, gave organized, and for seventytwo years 18421844 official and public recognition to the

American women worked for the women of the Church he founded right to vote. Victory came in 1 920. and provided them with an organization rich furnished which opporhistoric these two between It was

tunities. it is especially reAnd Relief that the 1848,dates, 1840 and

this that markable occurred when S. L. the ofSociety Church D. was the itself organization Church was

llliliilorganized.

only twelve years old. This is one

more evidence that he was inspired f ET it be said to the credit of the and directed by our Heavenly Father

Quakers that their church was a ELIZA R. SNOW in the restoration of the gospel in its

notable exception to this attitude of 1S661SS7 fulness.

some other churches at that time. The Prophet's high regard for

The Quaker Church which has no women, his respect for them, his regularly ordained clergymen has generosity and kindness and gentlepermitted men and women alike to ness toward them, have been testified to repeatedly by those early

Relief Society workers of Nauvoo.

his wife's property, and could collect Their love for the devotion to him and spend her wages if he chose to as a Church leader amounted almost tells of church so. History a do to worship, of the and one was beauZINA D. H. YOUNG his to class used whip leader who tiful carried memories they with 1S8S1901 in her to keep wife weeks every few life, through them the tragedy and

proper subjection, and because she of his death was one of their unforscolded too much. gotten sorrows.

At that time no high schools or Let us go back for a moment to that colleges were open to women. The organization meeting. In our mind's

common schools were principally for eye, we see assembled a small gathboys. During the summer months ering composed of three men, Elders

girls were permitted to come while Joseph Smith, John Taylor, and Wilthe boys worked on farms, and in the lard Richards, and eighteen earnest,

BATHSHEBA W. SMITH winter, after school hours. In one intelligent women. We see John

19011910 Massachusetts town, Newburyport, Taylor acting as temporary chairat the beginning of the century, the man, and Willard Richards as temtown council decided "That during porary secretary, while the Prophet the dull summer season, after the explained the purpose of the meetschoolmaster has finished his full ing and outlined the aims and obday with the boys, he may give injects of the proposed organization.

express themselves in meetings as structions to the girls for an hour and We see Emma Smith, dignified and they felt inclined. It also in those a half."The first college to open to poised, but timid, as she is elected

early days gave to girls the same women was Oberlin, which when the first president of the organizaeducational opportunities as boys. founded in 1833 made provision for tion, upon the motion of Elizabeth

This liberality on the part of the the entrance of women students. The Ann Whitney, seconded by Sophia

Quaker Church resulted in certain first women, four of them, entered in (Continued on page 166) in graduated three were 1837, and for definite Quaker developmentand STORE AT NAUVOO just years hundred one 1841, one to In large upper them helped Relief room which Society was organizedwomen first in the whole March 17, women 1S42 become ago—the antislavery in the onlyleaders not

cause, but also in that of suffrage.

Let it be said also that during these days there were many fine, chivalrous men who appreciated and respected women.

But, generally speaking, in the early years of the nineteenth century women had few privileges and little opportunity. Married women

especially were handicapped. The

husband practically owned the wife's person. The law permitted him to

punish her for disobedience, and to beat her provided he used a "stick no bigger than the judge's thumb."

A woman could be hailed into court on the charge of being a common scold and sentenced to the ducking stool. The man had absolute power

over his children, and could control

PRESIDENT CLAWSON SPEAKS SsmJbmxjL MAmottA. $wjtl thsL knx jaMsik. s> cl man.

who. haiu dhawn. fiwm. Bul allwlmdom SdjuUiol

Tt "y success in life, if I have attained to any, is due to a meet its requirements. It must have an influence in our

J-* fixed and unyielding determination on my part to seek daily lives. God has said that He cannot look upon sin

and abide by counsel. I know there is safety in counsel, with the least degree of allowance. Hear it, O Israeli It

and that he who turns therefrom and seeks to become a cannot be condoned, it cannot be excused, it cannot be law unto himself must surely fall. {Lives of Our Leaders, winked at, because confronting sin is this great and eternal

1901, p. 252.) law of repentance. (C. R October 7, 1904)

The Constitution of the United States Salvation for the Dead

We believe that the Constitution [of the United States] The opportunities that are before us in the house of the was inspired by the Lord. If other people draw away or Lord are boundless. Our dead are waiting, anxiously

lose their interest, or their faith in the Constitution and the waiting for this people to go into the house of God and flag of our country, the Latterday Saints will be expected officiate for them that they may be liberated from the to rally around it. We propose to maintain the Constiprison house in the spirit world. (C. R October 5, 1908)

tution and all that it stands for. Our children are taught

to respect the flag and to honor the lawgivers of the nation. Missionary Labor

(Conference Report, April 7, 1928)

How Joy May Come world,Thesebearinghumble theirmissionariesburden areand goingdeclaringforththeintoword.the

will will of the the There hear voice people be some who they earth that have then are the here might upon Men elders; will others the of the of voice hear Mormon; Book

desirable or than happiness there anything joy. more will others again, voice the of hear the Doctrine Coveand

it. is it all to seeking are all want joy? it; we How IsWe nants, the Price, the others of Pearl others voice of Great

It the through obtained Church only can obtained? be be still, tract. others of voice the of Warning, and Voice The a

this into get of Church one and God. kingdom may How will all of the to Thus gospel naspread knowledge a be

is: into of born must answer be he kingdom God? and The tions, will to creature. /?., every be preached (C. and

. it. for the laying hands water.. Baptism and on of by 5, April 1909)

is that the leads the of reception door Ghost the Holy into the Church and kingdom of God. (C. R., October 6, The Riches of Earth

1928) Now, we have before us, on the one hand, the riches

The Importance of this Life of eternity, and on the other hand, the riches of the earth.

If will riches of the choose? choose you Which you

tried will estate the be pass through second who They all eternity, things will other then you. added be unto

it is that said tested the uttermost, of to them because and If all the earth, lose riches the of choose you you may if estate, their will glory they added be upon keep second else, riches yea, earth. the the 4, of April even (C. R

. is estate their forever the.. Surely second more. heads 1910)

a great school of experience, a variety of conditions are disease, misfortune, disappointencountered—sickness, of hapThe War Against Darkness sins of sins of commission, ment, omission, days

piness, and days of sorrow. (C. R April 9, 1939) Let me say that when the shock of batde comes, men

will not be struck down and destroyed, but they will be

The Lord Must Not Be Trifled With lifted up by this great army of Priesthood, and will be is sin wickedness. rescued from That converted and

trifled gives a with, and, when not be He must Lord The spiritual fight are in which the warfare we engaged—toand it carry not receive and do not do and commandment, we fight into against immorality, fight against to

takes a darkness, such us? of it That out, who man becomes what evilspeaking fight dishonesty, and against to temperance,

thinks he his in he mind. blind While will become course capital conflict fight the strife, between and against to

in the his Church, of standing boasts probably is right and this [the gospel that with It is intended labor. weapon

the ignored has he in dark the because is nevertheless he Priestthe of [the they Christ] membership of Jesus 6, of 1939) (C. October God. R., commandment evil in bring world, the and shall correct every hood]

The Blessings of the Temple peacemotto is,andPeacehappinesson earth,to andour goodFather'swill children,to men. for(C. ourR.,

Wherever the people of God are found, there you will April 5, 1915) also find a temple, or house of the Lord, where He can come and dispense blessings to His people, blessings that The Word is Deep With Meaning gift free the are but jred in value money, by meas be cannot it is that quick powerful, is It of and His said word that great so the are temple blessings of we of God. The of dividing the assunder to sword a twoedged than sharper

.. their value. and importance comprenend hardly can idle in indulges never Lord joints marrow. both The and

for time together.and sealed wife be and may Husband Oct. meaning. (C. with are talk, deep sayings R., His but

I that comprehend can of us sure all none eternity. am 7,1916)

are from blessings dispensed that these of importance the entitled them, to if they rich are the temple. The are Forgiveness

if worthy. also they are them can have the poor worthy;

(C. R., April 6, 1940) Every phase of the character of the Lord shows forth

the beauty of perfection, but there is no attribute of deity,

Magnifying the Priesthood it seems to me, that is so attractive and so admirable as the principle of forgiveness or mercy. Moses, in speaking

in the the of Priesthood Church order and system The. is Lord says occasion. "The the one upon Lord

to for is of us waste perfect, is there need any no so in plenteous anger, and. to gracious, slow time, ofmerciful and

this for in holding it Church, a a shame be man would and a of description If this true what Him, be a mercy."

to nothing Priesthood, he the of had portion holy say any but hastiness, is. act with does not glorious being He He

f 5, 1903) do. to October (C. R. of tranquility; spirit of spirit a spirit of peace; a His is a

calmness. He is slow to anger and plenteous in mercy.

Repentance Now I take it that the Lord expects us, His children and

Consider, for a moment, the great law of repentance. His Church, to become like he is. (C. R., April 6, 1917)

It is binding upon this Church. We must consider it and (Concluded on page 191)

'TThey that sow in tears shall reap inShadows x 00. joy"—Psalm 126:5

MISSIONARY LIFE By CHARLES A. CALLIS band'sher burdenrelease.he wouldWith askwonderfulfor her spirhus-

Of the Council of the Twelve it, her sad tears falling, the wife replied: "No, I have worked, saved,

and prayed ever since we were married that would have this

I would not for the world V. MISSIONARY mission.

it. It filled REMINISCENCES woulddo anythingadd to tomyinterferecomfortwithif he his mission."The husband finished

shall be published to everySo long as the everlasting gospel his mission. land, Be Brave and Strong so long sacrifice shall sacred

bear testimony to the faith sublime n her deathbed a mother sent thisand heroic devotion of the heralds to message her missionary son: proclaim "faith thewho that was darling boy, will not "My meet we deliveredonce saints."the to

life; it in this again is will the the of In the wintry days of death, loved

I CHARLES A. CALLIS Lord. to want brave be you and missionaries ofones passed have who finish strong and in your mission in the fields mission broadaway have honor."manifested a faith that outlives Vision of Mother

after days his mother's A fewdeath. They are "faithful as a bridge death, he said to a sympathizing North Carolina missionary inof stars."

friend: "Don't be for too kind to me, A his teens, life, the glad season of letters pathetic From and mes- I fear I shall not weaken and be letter received a disconveying thesages received at States Southern strong as to wants my mother me tressing his that news mother wasMission headquarters the following be."ill; seriously little there hope wasare selected extracts: With another elder he was placed her recovery. As he sorrowfullyfor

office, his A Mother's Lament inwerechargeonlyofthreea districtmembers.where Theythere walkedface reflectingaway fromthethegreatpost heaviness

laid the foundation of a branch in his heart, t* i sadness that and last beheld at he to strength found have is today of the largest one in the mishis testified, mother, so solemnly he write, having confined to been sion. twentyfive about feet away, with last since bed Thursdaymy when

the blow came which all but crushed Resignation outstretched arms, walking toward out my very life. We have passed him as though she would embrace

through our Gethsemane. The Lord n Tn our great sorrow caused by the him. In her eyes shone the mother's

is good. I do not question His right death of our much beloved son love, and upon her face was a reasto give and to take as He sees fit. we, his mother and I, say in our suring smile. As he drew near to

And if He needs our darling boy on hearts, 'God's will, not ours, be done.'her she vanished.

the other side we do not complain. We have other sons who are willing The elder hastened to the tele-

"Oh, it is so hard to lift the cross to go on missions, and, if need be, graph office. A telegram there from

and bear it; but we have the comfort lay down their lives for the gospel's his father read as follows: "Your

of the Holy Spirit which assures us sake."dear mother died two hours ago. A

that it is the Lord's will; and peace little while before she passed away

has come to our hearts as President With Sweet Devotion she said that she desired you to stay

Grant promised us in his message of and finish your mission. That also

condolence. Though our hearts are TThe sad news came to one of the is my desire. God bless you, my

sore, yet we praise our Heavenly missionary sisters that her father dear son, in this great sorrow."

died. His last expressed wish True to his mother's dying wish Father and feel "to say, 'Thy will, O had

Lord, be done.'was that his daughter remain and he nobly completed his mission.

complete her mission. The young

A Wife's Sacrifice lady, with sweet devotion and submission, said: "I shall strive to con- "Oh, there is an enduring tender-

A young child died while its father tinue my missionary work with even ness in the love of a mother to her was filling a mission. The bishop, more determination and diligence son, that transcends all other affecof desirous assuaging the mother's than heart."—Washington

grief, told lighten her that if it would my father."I have done, for I want to please tionsIrving.of the

WAYS WITHOUT MEANS

A SHORT

SHORT JL he room was bare save STORY for several rows of chairs, a wheezy organ and a speaker's stand. The

opening hymn ended as ragged as By SETH HARMON the dogeared hymn books from which it was sung. Then Glenn

Davis, the leader, got up.

"Any new business?"A long

silence followed. help you out. You, Dave, will need

a brush.""Business?"Lew scoffed. "The

only business left for this dead out- "Hey, what is this?"

fit is the burial. And that had better "Now, Linda, you don't really

not cost any money!"mean!"

Several of the girls giggled. Glenn "If you think I'm going to ruin my

rapped for order. Linda jumped up, clothes...!"

her eyes flashing. "I challenge that Glenn pounded for order. Linda

statement."still had the floor:

"Look around,"Lew drawled. "I "Ethel, your dad's a painter. Ask

ask you, doesn't this place resemble him for all the leftover dabs of paint a funeral or something?'he can't use—any color will do.

Linda wilted. "Yes, it does. But Denny, bring your toolkit. Madge,

what can we do without—withyou're in charge of art work."

out...?"

"Money."As usual the group's Denny helped put up a hatshelf

of Linda's outcome Ihe final the treasurer word. spoke the rear along wall. Discarded

little less a than "brainstorm"was clothes hangers the windows,"brought were might and wash "We school drab Sunday The Ellis a up. hung from bar always miracle. piped under the woodenTeeny He transformed completely room was shelf. like that. did suggestions ridiculous They automaticallymade away

cost. of a cent without had Nobody with unsightly the a wiped over piles of wraps on now andHe stepped sunlight the realized much how chairs telltale during across meetings. fingermark one

kept out; much windows howsmudgy pane. Then he sat down. soiled Madge outdid her artistic self, could drapes homier homemade

"I don't suppose window drapes make them look. making several colored wallmaps

help mused Marie of Bible much,"lands. smallerwould copied She

life. floor took dingy on new The for the hersaloud. made big "Mother of squares on maps wrapping chairs from and disappeared Scars splitting her ofsunporch some the paper by from butchershop. Youngpaint. Picof coat a under woodwork flour in lengthwise in sters and thebleached bags printed school Sunday looked clipped tures magazines from too."Pretty,stenciling border. lesthe their part a placenames of as

artistic quite on mounted when son assignment. floor of reminds old "This me tacked white paper and squares of

Dad's store room before he oiled it,"on bare walls. Ethel painted a square of shabby

Dave chuckled between yawns. "One fiberboard with flat black paint to

going over with discarded oil covmake a blackboard. Serviceable

ered up all the worn placesthough."erasers she made by tacking scraps

felt small blocks of around wood. talk might rambled have The on PRAYER, AFTER of pages were books READING ofTorn hymn like for Linda. that exceptand on ESSAYS EMERSON'S of manilla tough mended, and covers pencil her time been hadFor some

scratching. Now she gof up and By Ida Dorset/ wrapping paper stitched over them.

: really "Looks committee as if yourannounced

God, finally,"superintendgoing the

I of this group I'm "As president ifmaytherehavebe asintherelife.must a limit to what got

scheduling a special meeting for next Give me not what I want, but what I need, ent complimented Linda at Sunday strife. school. peace but not "But how did you manageSaturday in this room. morning

too from Will Keep me great possession of the without money?"anythe following please new committees worldliness I want,

report at that time? Teeny Ellis And let me have instead that power which Linda and her helpers exchanged

glances. daunt: knowing never can bring a pailwindowwashing—and infinite the eager, questing look into The cloths. there's a there's Marie, a will you're wipingand "Where things, of "Why"in decided, draperies. of charge "even I'll appoint when Lew fact that way,"of the partial the knowledge And

others later to bring flour bags and lifetime seeking brings. there aren't any means."

RAISE SOYBEANS?WHY NOT

By JOHN C. HOOPER

extract Nitrogenfree of rations these days growand—25.9%

for question food of - man and 4.6% Ash shortages, the as a 'soybean INing first fibre beast of *I 'he importance becomes 3.5% Crude of protein fat merits source and is in time. famine Moisture Threatened war 8.0%

our early investigation. This orian ageold product of warfare. Here,

ental legume, which has been exBrother John C. Hooper, who has In an article published by the Buvarieties of soybeans many in tensively for grown cultivated China Chemistry and reau of Agricultural

for years, sets forth conmany in centuries, the many, has States the of many United Engineering this cerning remarkable crop—onefacts past years major few a crop become Agriculture, Dr. of Department J. oldest of the within known—which

in our nation. There are reasons recent years has become one of the A. Le Clerc and L. H. Bailey wrote:

largest States. in the United Whether is this so. why

acids twenty amino are over There the yield large soybean as can an the Since is comparatively soybean of nine proteins. constitute Today which acreincome, under Mountain Rocky

in area, the intermountain unknown the for essential growth regarded are them conditions, as is not crops our present some information concerning its yet known; but during this critical and maintenance of the animal organism.

proin soybean these are found of Most part time a of the can garden home as a food, uses feed crop and may... greater contains a flour tein. Soya planted to be soybeans. this at time, amiss not be when we wisely elements essential food the of concentration State Agricultural ColUtah The foresee the cannot of even needs our nutrition than any for necessary so human is lege conducting experiments with

immediate future. Such a promising soybeans. other one common food.

new source of supply should be investigated. On the same subject Dr. Harry W.

The soybean is one of the richest Perhaps it is in the field of comMiller of International Nutrition yielders of protein known to man. plete and adequate human and aniLaboratory says

Of the composition of the soybean, mal nutrition that the plant offers The soybean provides the answer to the

J. F. Lyman of the Department of this region the most profitable improtein problem. With a protein content

it is the best percent, forty than more Agricultural Chemistry, Ohio State mediate use. However, it is by Its prohave. protein of which no sourceof we University, said: that the present supmeans certain of that meats to is equal biologically tein

plies of from feed can be imported it has the advantage foods, and animal and and, hence, the products The soybean toxins. free from being other sections the of of the country in certain derived from it outstanding have

plentifuture economically as and nutritive properties. striking of most The In another article Dr. Miller these properties are: a high fully at quantity of first present. Since as hundreds

quality protein, a high quantity of excellent of cars of such feeds are shipped in states fat, quality a high content of calcium and this of could wisely be as advocating much record going not on While phosphorous, unusually in now, an high content protein of the of in entirety substitution the until locally especially world grown, finally phosphatids high remarkably and it still, if a milk, were fish, eggs, and meat, certain. conditions of vitamin amounts more and moderate become amounts B food face to necessity had of and matter we of vitamin G. Kraybill, R. Dr. Professor H. disease of epidemic or a widespread of shortage

Agricultural Chemistry, Purdue among the animal, we do have the assurance

This unusual plant and its seed are University, a few years ago gave that life can be sustained and nutrition soya substituting five in different for adequately used general by cared ways. folthe of as the chemistry soybeans

... foods. protein animal for the protein is plant for green green used The lows: all vegetable other practically to contrast In fertilizer, pasture, hay. and The alkalinizer. is it protein, an animal well as as with varies composition widely The are as beans a used greenshelled proit vegetable is the only Furthermore

soil variety extent with and and to some animal to similar is also vegetable as dried biologically tein that and whole conditions. climatic average compoThe protein. oil, is beans. chief the which The sition varieties of exthose most grown

commercial product, is extracted tensively for processing is approximately from the whole bean, leaving the oilas follows: VWhile there is great diversity of

free meal, Leafoilmeal, content, exvitamin an known as soybean Protein. 40.0% cellent concentrated the Table, from food which Soybeans for Fat 18.0% let 166,

plastics are also made. United States Department of AgriColorful reports give an almost culture, reports:

limitless for the list of uses soybean is and its products. This not an in ThevitaminfreshA,greenespeciallysoybeansthe arevarietiesvery thatrich

accurate picture of present actual are deepest green in color. They are also

usage, though most of these accounts a very good source of vitamin Bi, and a (vitamin riboflavin The of G) source good possibilities. state correctly While. thorstudied been not have soybeans dry industrial possible prodthe known inthe but content, vitamin yet for oughly

ucts are indeed enormous, of the dications are that they are good sources of 369,700,000 pounds of oil extracted vitamin Bi, and riboflavin, but considerably by factories in 1939, for example, less potent in vitamin A than the fresh green 201,559,000 pounds went into shortsoybeans.of the pellagrapreventiveSoybeans are onlyfactor.a fair source

ening, 70,882,000 pounds into oleomargarine and 32,345,000 pounds J. F. Lyman, quoted above, says

into other edible products, such as one ton of soybeans contains seven salad oils. Less than one percent of hundred pounds of protein and four

the oilmeal left after the oil extrachundred fifteen pounds of fat, while tion went into other demands than one ton of beef, chuck, has but three foods and feeds. (Continued on page 186)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

Qn. 'YYlswufiiawL The Accomplishments Of One Relief Society

S. Bennion, o Captain MervynAT a service honoring the memory By Alice M. Graves articles of Advice best needed, and S. in the held L. Washington, D. the President of Graves, M. A lice to places purchases, offered make was 15, February Chapel, Sunday,D. C, ** Jefferson Relief of Society Ward Relief the Society to by groups one and in tributes spoken read and weremany the at Stake, the Wells spoke general while two, personally with met we gifts this of ofappreciation man many meeting, 4, Welfare October 1941, on three, of beeach mother group and principles. the the undeviating subject "Assisting families toand our Among

us, decided needs. tween her for prepare a Rainy from Day,"Presidentspeakers were Reuben J. the held days throughout were Work this article taken. which was ofClark, president T. Benson, Ezra Jr.;

at the while months ward, summer maStake; WillardWashington Mar- J.

terials in placed were which homes riot; of bishop Riley and A. Gwynn,

all leave, could that not who presided over Ward, by women Captain where Chase JeffersonChevy Ward, project. this in participate might wished Bishop Ernest Jorgensen, A. is one first counselor has as servedBennion

before being called to foreign service. one of the humbler wards of the The women who could work, but

Present also on this occasion were CapChurch, and we have been deeply interwere without means, earned their own for were those sewing by who in ested the Welfare Churchtain movement bedding Bennion's Louise Mrs. widow,

to for themselves. sew its since beginning. his brother, Bennion, ColonelClark and

finance to funds without were unableWe S. Bennion.Howard reverses, Business non employment the this project, determined from but

sickness, of time, long period a over and start to pay each month for materials other conditions over which we had purchased.

control, placed people have our no feel concern to no need would We are they of where happy an opporfor two, so financially groups and one tunity to to help themselves. be able financing for plans to set lay about

We have long been troubled because bedding for group three. The followprojects our heretofore have reached ing adopted: plan was

rethose only mostly people were who 1. of our that part monthly of use The the ceiving service before Church Welfor welfare purposes collections designated

introduced. fare program was We A

that project for our determined this 2.3. A personalfruit projectproject for each woman

year would be far reaching, something 4. Bakery sales by the visting teachers

that could rightly be called a welfare 5. A Welfare bazaar

CAPTAIN MERVYN project.

S. BENNION A bedding project was the result of Each woman's personal project was

our decision, with the object in mind to to be one of her own choosing, but from

From among the many tributes to see that our ward families had enough it she must make money which she

Captain Bennion, (highranking naval sheets, pillowcases, blankets, and quilts would place in the bedding fund. The

officer who lost his life in command of to see them through at least the next following activities were engaged in bythe U. S. S. West Virginia, at Pearl two years. these women—making and selling of

Harbor, December 7, 1941), has come Our people were divided into three bread, breadrolls, cakes crocheted artithe following from Major Clarence S. groups cles, a quilt, hand lotion, aprons, and

shoes. was given, babyJarvis of Washington, D. C: A luncheon consist of people Group One—To did dressmaking, other women able probwhile to finance bedding their own

To Mervyn Sharp Bennion, Captain, lems. This group was advised to take housecleaning, laundry work, donated

United States Navy advantage or sales and specials offered materials, and one lady raised potatoes.

(Born May 5, 1887, Vernon, Tooele County, by our local merchants throughout the It was a widow with a number of

Utah. Died December 7, 1941, on the summer months. children who raised the potatoes. She

soil, and her crop the planted preparedbattleship Flagship Virginia, of the West consist Group of people Two—To herself. The garden her Fleet, Pearl cared for Hawaii.) Harbor, Oahu, could likewise take of who advantage

in her project her result from that was local sales merchants'our specials, and the Prince peace fervently, loved andHe three a realized she yard back own their but handle could in who needs of Peace; for the fampotatoes of supply months payments. group This two advised was to pursuits, his pastoral soul attunedBorn

sell. ily to a had few and to the use "lay plan away"provided to song,

His heart to tenderness and sympathy; by local merchants, paying partly for For the fruit project each woman was

In manner modest and retiring, yet calm and goods at the time of purchase, and the asked to donate one bottle of each kind resolute; balance when removing articles from of fruit she canned. This was to be

A citadel of strength and courage among the stores. sold and the proceeds paid to the projhis fellow men. fund. ect consist Group of famThree—To

visiting teachers brought their The not able the to finance who were his willingBeneath hand, no trivial duty ilies

Could be commonplace, nor task deferred. purchase of bedding, but who could homemade bakery goods to the ward,

His joy in service recognized no bounds. pay, a little at a time, at their conveniwhere they were sold and the money

With each assignment faithfully accomence, for materials used in supplying placed in the bedding fund.

plished. He volunteered for more, beyond their needs. From the proceeds of our bazaar we

the routine calls. In this group, also, were placed those were expected to finance the purchase of

our blankets. quorums Our Priesthood into could in no pay back way as theThus, warclouds threatened, he who

to also participating in this venture cost the project, materials of used, but are would go

To man the spearhead in our battle zone, who were willing to labor to pay for secure desired funds for their regional

To meet the first onslaught of treacherous what they needed. In this group we project.

foe placed those few who were neither To date there have been made and

And prove the best traditions were his financially nor physically able to take placed in the homes for group three own. care of their needs. fiftytwo quilts, one hundred thirtyThe swift attack had found him at his post; For Group Three, the Relief Society eight pairs of pillowcases, three hunShell-torn he stayed, and uttered calm proposed to buy blankets and materials dred one sheets, and one hundred one commands, to be used and through the kind cooperpairs of blankets. We still have thirtyDirecting ship and crew, to save the most ation of our regional Welfare leaders, nine quilts to make and place before

Of what had been entrusted to his hands. this was accomplished and taken care our project is completed. Placing only

(Concluded on page 167) of mostly before the advance of prices. the cost of materials used on our bedU6

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

ding, our project will amount to about hundred dollars in cash at itsseven TO FILL A CUPcompletion.

has date no report To been comBy Leone A. Rose two.piled groups one and on

Fiftytwo families participated in group three. A short story of an embarrassing moment

Sixtyfive women have worked on our project, many of them expressing their happiness at having for the first time guests, the voice is quite natural, the in years enough bedding to face the smile kind and sweet. My error was

winter ahead. in being about the thirtyseventh guest.

This project has created among our Yes, the hostess spied my cup. With

women, a beautiful spirit of unity, se- a voice very close to D sharp she exlet those (don't circlaimed,curity, whose and love. Women

she you; had "My dear"—deceive gentle words persons themcumstances have made

with an inferiority complex now are decaught Hitler under the piano she'd veloping into happy participating peohave begun the same way), "put that ple, able and willing to stand on their down! No one's going to drink plain

own feet and face their associates. water in my house. I'll be right back

In two or three instances, people with coffee. I knew some one would

who seldom were seen at the ward, want it."

are now coming out to sacrament meetIn order to stop her, I had to speak ings. loudly—call, in fact—-"Please, I don't

One brother came to the bishop, paid drink coffee, either."Her voice rose

his overdue ward maintenance, and exlike a steam whistle as she turned with, pressed his happiness at being permitted "Well, what would you like?"

to partake of the bedding program. There was the situation I'd always

One sister said our work days had tried to avoid. Every eye on me, and

proven a haven to her. Because of her me like ice in a frying pan. I had what

association with fine women she was I wanted right in my cup. What has

able to stand on her feet and bear her water ever done to become so unpoptestimony for the first time since she left ular as a beverage?

years nearly twenty nativeher Sweden rescue. to rushed agents my Twoago. quests, front admitted door new The raise to It money matter cofeasy is no of and the time TUfoST my turned, others the to of many whom through in *"each month but community,our gets once fee drinking kitchen the swung the to nonteaby—but door back and our paid have the ofthe help Lord we oh, my! entered. the as open maid

bill.

I seen one hostess never had and The brainstorm. hostess She a had My all that the service greater than Even It before. husbands our another was milk. the bring directed to maid me this project, through rendered beenhas is friends. tense past (The were who just the sighed milk,"of out we're "But as testimonies gainedare the have we correct.) quite I seriously snickered. maid. Someone this great divinity the ofto Welfare

work. At times it has seemed almost Maybe there was a cause for the considered climbing into the umbrella

impossible to meet our monthly obligaparty, a guest of honor, some one leavstand, or maybe just lifting the tabletions, but the Lord has surely been ing town, Chinese relief—I wouldn't cloth and slithering under the table.

to remember. I do expected What to the store,"com- "Send Jimmy to us and made it possible for begood

clearly crowd remember is this: The hostess. manded madam on.us to carry

to large, go expected so we were building "Yes'm, in August bill to was was be met Our only—well—he's exourselves, table serve to the and ask him, ma'am."should They you dollars fiftysix and thirtyhundredone

six cents. The night before we were cept for the pouring of the tea. I said both headed for the kitchen and into meet this bill we lacked six dollars softly, as I always do, "Just hot water, nocent, unsuspecting Jimmy. I could

of having enough money to pay our please."The nice person pouring have told him he protested in vain, but

the usual laughed, with and answered I the to working too busy was counselors, my way splendid obligation. My don't it weak, do take remark, "You lost well front door. soon as I was As earnestly prayedsecretary, myself and

that we would be able to pay our bill you?'Everything was rosy. Alas, I in the crowd, I peeked over my shouldin full the next morning. basked in cellophane seclusion. Then er. The hostess frantically hunted for

Early the next day one sister came to the hostess spied my cup. something. She even looked under a

the house with two dollars to apply on There's something about being bowl of nuts. Finally she worked her

the bedding, others phoned, and behostess to a large crowd which seems way around to the back of the serving fore we left home we were assured of to rattle the best of us. It is so hard table, bent over double, and pulled her

the six dollars needed. On our way, to make everyone realize what an imhandbag out from a drawer. As she

we delivered to some homes, pillowportant day it is. The milkman doesn't took the money for the milk to Jimmy I

cases they needed, and each paid someleave the cream; the baby crawls right thought of salvia in a storm; so red

thing into the bedding fund, until, upon up on the davenport to finish his toast; and ruffled.

reaching the region, we not only had Jimmy chooses this day to forget his That night, as I lay cozily under the our one hundred fiftysix dollars and cornet and telephones for you to please covers, safe from tea and coffee, I conthirty-five cents with which to pay our just bring it over to school, and then sidered the problems of a hostess. Most

bill, but also something over three dolFather decides to come home for lunch! of them act as though they wished they

lars to apply on the following month's All morning the emotions drag along in were on stilts, so they wouldn't miss bill, thus proving that the Lord will the dust. Finally, the table begins to even the dropping of a nut. All are total

more than bless our honest efforts if we look like something besides a desk and wrecks after a party, and so are the are diligent in His work. a clothes closet; the books are firmly husbands and all the little Jimmies,

We have learned to live humbly, removed once more from the piano; the Maybe the good hostess should greet

prayerfully, and to place implicit faith glassware, candles, flowers, and several the first few guests, and then go to the and trust in the Lord, for we know of those yummy little sandwiches get movies.

that without His guidance we would in their soothing influence. The trailing I wonder if Jimmy had to drink my

fail miserably. emotions begin to soar. With the first quart of milk-—.

GRIZZLY

OF RIVER LOGAN

A TRUE

SHORT SHORT STORY

I n the course of many BY years'research the wild mammals on it has CLAUDE T. BARNES theloadingotherriflemenin readiness,by approachingastonishedthe Mountainsof the Wasatch

been my good fortune at times to bearcopse alone. He had only

have incidents related to me that for neared its verge when the bear sheer peril excel the most romantic rushed out, rose on her hind legs, fiction. From this rich storehouse and, with her small eyes burning

of notes I have selected one that ilwith rage, lunged at him. Taking

lustrates how common and dangercareful aim, the fearless old hunter ous grizzly bears were in early days content with that, in her savage venpulled the trigger of his rifle, which in these now verdant and populous geance, she continued her mutilato the horror of the helpless specvalleys. tion. tators merely snapped! Apparently

not disconcerted at all, however, horso Meanwhile Shumway was horparticular strange and This the Hill, and stood between men who bruand at the suddenness to detailedrifying adventure me rified was his of the barrel thrust gun bear, the tofled that he attack the tality ofseveral years ago John by the late while then throat, and down her barely sleigh, he the which an wards Utah, Clarkston, ofE. Godfrey it bear the there as holding was

intelligent old gentleman who apreached before the horses, catching chewing and pawing at it, actually preciated the necessity of the utmost sight of the monstrous bear, themturned his head around and exthe panic, in with selves ran awayfidelity fact. to it's the first time it "Boys, claimed: clinging terrorstricken young man off."has refused to go of February, 1863, In the month could. he as best to the side

a lad of was but Mr. Godfreywhen

Graham,ten years, a man named Soon after Shumway reached sionWorriedthat herprobablycubs mightbybethein impresdanger party direful a news, with the home famed throughout the Waswaswho unexthe bear enemies, from other horseon twentyfive men armed one of as a bearhunter,atch Mountains the into ran whirled and pectedly of them organized, some was back his sonin-law, with Anwentday Hill squatted down them. to brush from some Wellsville and from being known to what was Shumway,drew his out took calmly ground, the on a them was Clarkston. River, Among or Little River Loganas Bear his gun, and horn, reprimed powder Hill, named bearhunter old the brave flowing from stream verdureda fitting a just cap when on new was of one Grayears for had been the west on who MountainsWasatch him charged bear infuriated the

side of Cache valley through a setham's companions. again.

tlement called Mendon.

At that instant from his rear came

Having placed his everpresent When the determined the voice of his son, James Hill ( by gun on some willows and taken up riders arrived at the scene of the the way, still living at Mendon when his axe, Graham started to cut down attack, the grizzly had ambled down this occurrence was related to me ) some hawthorne limbs with which the creek a short distance as was "Pa, sit still and I'll fetch her,"the to make pitchfork handles, when, apparent from her tracks and those son shouted, and an instant aftersuddenly, without any warning or of two cubs following her. When ward shot the grizzly, which fell

provocation whatsoever, he was atat last her whereabouts was definitely directly in front of his father. Old

tacked by a shegrizzly whose den ascertained, several dogs were urged man Hill thereupon sprang up and he had unwittingly invaded. With into the thicket after her; but, when "emptied his sixshooter into the butt

a mighty swipe she knocked him two of them sprawled out with of her ear."

claws,down, enormous of her one routing of this method backs, broken man's long as a almostwhich as were into open Many shots were taken at the cubs an grizzly the furious of the river: them one as they swam face, his intofingers, tearing and charge was abandoned. fewinstantly; the other killed a was his of the roofpuncturing mouth.

Pouncing upon him, with one bite At last the experienced Hill disdays later was found dead with sixshe all but severed his head; and, not mounted, and, holding his muzzleteen bullets in its body.

ECONOMIC SECURITY THROUGH THE PAYMENT OF TITHING

By IRA J. MARKHAM

tithing served to than no other purposeHowcostscan ofwe living,meet thepayincreasedtithes secureI heard a banker say not long ago that if affairs, orderly adjustment an of one's and offerings, pay off debts, of budgeting of income and expenses, it and establish reserves in order to would be invaluable. I feel sure that he who

gain economic security? This pays his tithes not only has a better concepquestion is asked by thousands of practicetion of economy,which willbutbringhe is himindulginginto betterin a

humble men and women in the thrift habits and enable him to go forward

Church who are anxious to prepare toward financial prosperity.

for future emergencies and to be full tithe payers. Through the payment of tithing,

many individuals find that the Lord

The Promise and the Blessing inspires them to increase their in-

I prophesy that anyone who pays an come by becoming more productive find that theyhonest tithing will prosper.—President Heemployees. Others

ber J. Grant, General Conference, October, increase their income by becoming

1941. more efficient farm managers or

tithes into storethe the Bring ye all better business managers.

that in therehouse, mine be meat may Likewise an individual pays who saith herewith,house, prove and now me if I tithing should be blessed will the more productive than the average of Hosts, by not openthe Lord you his the windows of heaven and pour you out Lord to become a more efficient employee because of the following reasons: there that blessing, nota be room to the money extent that manager

3:10. receive toenough it.—Malachishall he inthe more things can do with I should that serve unto if ye say you 1. He is used to hard work.

receive. than he come does beginthe created from hashim you who piois is a 2. He industrious—it

is to preservingning, from day you and has accomplished Lord The heritage. mirneer

that breath, lendingday, ye your may by fulfilling acles in His promises. been 3. has has He tolive initiative—it according your and do move and in Nearly bishop the any Church of a lifetime through developed will, supporting from and even youown

to this fact. Every doing things.one moment to another—I say, if ye should can testify

I all bishop souls yet with withserve your whole him ever have whom leadership of qualities 4. He has

unprofitable servants.ye be would this discussed subject attested has qualability. These executive and all requires of that behold, he you And the fact that tithe the of payers the ities through developed been haveis his to has he and commandments; keep

promised you that if ye would keep his ward are generally the most prosauxiliary and quorum activities commandments ye would prosper in the perous members of the ward and from early youth.

land; that vary doth he never from if and few ever any have ashad to be thor- 5. is well He trained—a therefore, said; keep has do if ye hewhich sisted financial difficulof because trainpractical with education ough blesshis doth and he you commandments

ties. of these blesstemporal Most in is principle the ing a fundamental ofprosper Mosiah Mormon, you.—Book ings, however, have as a not come2:2122. Saint home. Latterday average

miracle but as a natural byproduct in 6. He cooperates—activities Fulfillment of the Promise of of the payment an honest taught the necessity have tithing. Church

That the Lord usually fulfills His A family becomes prosperous and value of cooperation.

through living the laws of prosquality is 7. He is in a normalpromises and reasonhonest—this

highest of in an employee. premium indicated by Elperity.able manner wasder Stephen L Richards in an ad- 8. He is dependable—this qualdress at the ninetyninth annual Increasing Income ity is developed through accepting

general conference. responsibilities in Church positions.

The essential basis for an in- 9. He has good personal habits

blessings from the "wincome What of heaven"? spircrease in salary or wage is through—employers appreciate abstinence temporaldows Both and

itual blessings. Temporal blessings accrue becoming a more productive workfrom liquor. Many firms also prelargely from the cultivation of thrift habits. er. fer employees who do not use toof tithes of necessity payment compelsThe of of health besides the Church bacco because, and A member

affairs. orderly ofan arrangement one's Acis wasted, waste, less time Christ of Saints Latterday money

is is Jesus indispensible.counting Budgeting

necessary. Saving follows. All of which who lives according to the high in taking time out for smokes.

are necessary to financial success. standards of the Church should be {Concluded on page 183)

JhsL ANTHON TRANSCRIPT Cht, vidanxjL 0$. JJisl JajuJjl x Bul (pAophsrfiu There remains for examination

only the question of the kinship of the written Egyptian and Hebrew languages, a subject on which there #- By ARIEL L CROWLEY, LL B. has been much recent research. The Prophet's proclamation of an

Israelitish record engraved on brass

III. THE CORROBORATIVE EVIDENCES OF plates in Egyptian characters, in the

THE SERABIT INSCRIPTIONS, THE PLATES OF face of the wellknown devotion of to the "holy tongue"evoked DARIUS, AND THE INSCRIPTIONS OF BYBLOS thejeersJews learned and unlearned 7 from alike. They are no longer heard in

THErefersBook toof Mormonthe existencerepeatedlyand SimonMace. 14:17,was writtenthe Roman"in messagetables ofto informedprogress inquarters.knowledgeA centuryof ancientof

contents of certain brass plates brass."epigraphy has not only silenced those

containing the engraved record of An explicit commandment to enwho ridiculed the notion of a record the Books of Moses, and the history grave a biblical record in brass ocengraved on plates of metal, but has of Israel down to the times1 of the curs in Isaiah 8:1, where the Hebrew lent to faith in a connected Hebrewnineteenth king of Judah. These, text reads, "Take thee a great GitEgyptian system of writing the cumlike the subsequent plates engraved layon [Roll in King James verulative assurance of strong demonby Nephi and his descendants were sion] and write in it."The best strative proofs. Paramount among

in a variant form of Egyptian script.'modern criticism recognizes this as these are the inscriptions found at

It is probable that the engravings a direction to Isaiah to engrave the Serabit elKhadim.

in in sets of the alike brass. form of words prophecywere both on

It 2 that there long has been known plates. Dr. Clarke, celebrated Thus Adam in the petroglyphs mysterious were

biblical its in script, scholar, his that nature of wrote comand The Sinai. Inof wilderness Cosmas

this set to mentarykinship passage: Egyptian, on been have early noticed as dicopleustes as them

8 in pictorially arforth the preceding is this to According derivation, gillayon left 51 a 3 of 8 record D. Greek A. and

rollticles. a not or volume, well signify but may visit. his unremained Greek The tablet polished a metal, of as such was for demonstration remain There

in until to translated Latin.. committed anciently for mirror. mirused a Thethree records propositions: That rors the of Israelitish were. attempt made 1707 Montfaucon."women by No in in fact ancientwere engraved... brass, finely of polished (Ex. 38:8) publish to the characters was made

plates;times that is metal so upon prophet to take a mirThe commanded in until F. 1830, G. Mr. Gray when ror, or table, brazen like these polished not rigthey couldengraved the endure seventyseven hundred produced one little mirrors; large large hand one; but aors of centuries the passage of and

I, it for in to the in 2, of of him enough Part engrave deep them upon Volume still lastly, legible; there that and be lasting characters, and with a workman's Society the Transactions Royal of of

is kinship the a written between Hetool, the deliver. prophecy to he which was Literature, professor The German languages, Egyptianbrew and

If his- F. there collected F. of the published doubt E. were Beer any and

traceable, far least as as at the back in torical inscriptions of the the of foregoing large a accuracy number oftime Moses.

it 1 840."position, disrest colset friend at Beer, Dr. the the and was by

in in Israel ancient use There was last within Hebraist, celebrated the covery decade, of laborator the and ofa kind than brass valuable more sixin his after set forth years than Gesenius, one more hundred work

Itgold.* alloy of copper an and was

plates, of publication the of the teen designa- a with engraved Book Morit brilliant ingold, lustre that so was of plates of the tion equivalents of metal mon, of the engraved Hebrew for carmirrors usedcommonly and the characters. the Darius Great, selected found they where

Israelitishried about even by women in sixth the buried century were in the days of the Exodus.* By rebefore Christ, in cemented boxes in Tn 1851, Dr. Charles Forster pubquisitioning mirrors these Moses treatise lished his ingenious The the corners of the audience palace at

its thefurnished tabernacle with ex10 with Primeval Language 5 Persepolis. One

laver. Their use continued even These plates ( Fig. 1 ) have settled tensive reproductions of the characthe the of as Paul, daysdown to of Sinai, rocks the copied from inters of forever the fundamental two

familiar see expression, "For we now that they his conclusion It is were and quiries noted. above now indisglass darkly,""otherthrough a and in in sense Egyptian and that Hebrew plates putable engraved made

attest."instances thoroughly form. of alloy gold of used a hard were

times, brass as Maccabean As late to investigations older seem perfor centuries Christ The before many of forplates transmission were used forgotten; great for a been have of petuation records. important And

official immessages of paramount it surprise Dr. surrounded of plates, is settled that such engraved Wm.stir theportance. case of in the Thus, Petrie's report Flinders in Matthew sealed cemented comboxes and

negotiations for of friend- a league in 1904in Sinai his of discoveries easily the earth, to mitted remain may in I nations, describedship between Petrie his wife, Dr. 05. legible after of With than the lapse more

twentyfive centuries. The plates of had gone into the wilderness of Sinai n Nephi 3:1-4, 1920; 5:1014.

=1 Nephi 1:2; Mosiah 1:4. Darius, now in possession of the Uni7See Nutting's pamphlet Why I Could Never be a

History, and Kurtz, Textbook o{ Church in Mormon; February, 1942. of versity engraved Era, and January Chicago, Improvement aThe Philadelphia, Translation, 1849 (Bomberger's Mitau, v. 2 4 Flavius Antiquities, Josephus, ch. V, B XI, in three 1860, p. characters 412). cuneiform footnote, Edition).(and Whrston's

Pat. Collect., Nov. of Alexandria, Apud 8Cosmas (Persian, Elamite, 38:8. tongues and Exodus 2. 140. Bk. p.

13:12; II Cor. 3:18; Sirach 12:11; Wisdom H Cor.

Smith,7:26; Dictionary, Smaller p. 194; Babylonian) are the demonstration 9Beer,10Forster,E. F.Charles,F., StudiaThe Asiatics,One PrimevalLipsiae, Language,1840. Bible

Clarke, A., Commentary on Isaiah 8:1. of the fact. London, 1851.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

to recover hieroglyphic inscriptions. ial alphabet built on the principle of be the precise age of the particular

At Serabit, Mrs. Petrie, by the acrophony, which was the missing inscriptions recovered, it is certain

merest chance, noticed near an anlink between the Egyptian hierothat they are of very great antiquity;

cient of a Egyptian mine fragment in descent, they are Egyptian and glyphs12 and the Phoenician alpharock with writing neither bets. on it which the are or modified reformed toward

she nor her husband could imme- A discussion instantly began development of the Hebrew alphadiately identify. which has now reached vast proporbet.

Dr. Petrie's attention was arresttions. All of Petrie's other disProfessor H. Grimme, of Munster,

ed, and with his men he proceeded coveries in Sinai have been dwarfed found the name of Moses among the to a careful search make the significance of the Serabit inscriptions, in for addiby written the usual Hetional texts characters. finds. in the same Dr. Frederick fashion, Kenyon vowels. without has brew 15 And

In turning slabs of large over some "the real discovery of likewise, called them to the found a reference 13 he cliffs, therock face of the fallen from in the Sinai Peninsula."importance princess rescued from Moses who

eight tablets were found, which Dr. Dr. Gardner and Dr. T. E. Peet the water. An instant storm arose,

Petrie reports cut, "roughly were in published Inscriptions Sinai in a work ably supported which was Grimme18with to broad grooves around in them Sethe, 1916. criticised Jensen, as Grimme, earnestly Volter von by and17 13 isolate in of them, the general form Bissing, Furlani, Ullman, Furlani, Cowley, Smith, Sethe 1 "and by

11 20 tablet."an Egyptian round headed Eisler, Sayce, Bruston, Blake, Lake, Schamburger.

He was unable to recognize the charButin, Littman, Bauer, Lidbarski, There appears to be nothing in the acters immediately as being written Ball, and a host of others have raised inscriptions which indicates that the in any form of Egyptian known to their voices in the exhaustive and Moses referred to is necessarily the him, although he noted an evident most minute examinations which Moses of the Old Testament. On

"mixture of Egyptian hieroglyphs."have been made of the inscriptions the contrary, he appears to be an

finds these Dr. Petrie concludtheirUpon origin meanings. and to of overseer Out in prayers who engaged21 that sysed "a definite found he had of has mass the whole commentary goddess. Ba'alat, a There is, howtem, not merely a scribbling made in grown the definite, fixed conclusion ever, significance in the very occurignorant imitation of Egyptian writthat the characters of the Serabit inrence of the name.

ing,"and dated the writing at least scriptions are Egyptian in form and as far back as the time of Moses., Semitic in meaning, thus inseparably HPhe Serabit Inscriptions are closely

These finds, he added, "finally dislinking, at a remote time, the Egypparallel to the characters of the prove the hypothesis that the Israeltian and Hebrew scripts. Anthon Transcript ( Fig. 1, p. 75

ites, who came through this region Dr. Petrie placed the date of the The Improvement Era, February,

into Egypt and passed back again, writing at about 1500 B. C., roughly 1 942 ). Among the peculiar characcould not have used writing."And the time of the Mosaic Exodus. Dr. teristics of both inscriptions is the

again he says. "Here we have comGardiner assigned them to the frequent occurrence of inexplicable

mon Syrian laborers possessing a Twelfth Dynasty (c. 2200 B. C.). (Continued on page 182)

script other Semitic peoples which period the favored Sethe Hyksos

Sinai, Insckriften 15Grimme, H., Althebcaische vom with credited regionof this must be to (subsequent 1800 1923. B.C.).

11 The1 'Tijdschrift, 1925, 10Volter, Theologisch pp. Nieuwknowing."recent examinations Dr. Butin by 215244.

Iscrizione finds 17Yahu, e una piesunta almost Dr. Petrie's remained "Sapdu indicate 1900 B. C. Whatever may

in Asiatica Italiana, N.di S.,Mose,"Vol. delta Societa Giornale untilunnoticed 1916, Alan when Dr. I, pp. 1 sq.

H. Gardiner proposed the theory that ology,Alan1916,H. Vol.Gardiner,3. Journal of Egyptian Arche18Neuentdeckte10"A New DisclosureSinaiSchrift,in Sinai,"p. 452.in journal of Rethese inscriptions indicated a pictor13Sir Frederick Kenyon, Bible and Archeology, ligion, 1926, p. 195.

London, 1940, p. 202. ->0"Die angeblichen Inschriften vom Sinai,"Biblica,

Serabit 6, 1925, 14"The Inscriptions,"Harvard Theological Vol. pp. 26. 156. M. F. Petrie, Researches in Sinai, London, uWm.

1928. Theological Review. January, 1928, p. 50. January, 'Harvard Review,1906, p. 130.

FIG. I. GOLD AND SILVER PLATES FOUND BY UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO IN THE CORNERSTONE BOXES, AUDIENCE PALACE OF DARIUS THE GREAT

fiwwL iPm, Old (x)jl&L By JAMES P. SHARP

RED

A RIDER REPORTED SEEING

STALLION, WITH THE A BAND MARES, ON foreman and said, "How much you HIGH OF OUTLAW

THE RANGE. want fer him where he be?"

"Think you can get him alone?"

"Naw, but I'm a tellin'you ifFen "What are they?"the foreman we don't quit pesterin'him he's liable

asked. to get crippled er leave the range.

"First place his neck be a might Best leave him alone. We'll git a

too long. Next, see them p'inted few colts, but ifFen he leaves we won't

twitchin'ears? Well, they mean git none."

trouble, 'specially ifFen a hoss shows The foreman had different ideas.

too much white of his eyes an'he Never before had a horse bested has 'em. You never can conquer him. He immediately raised the re-

a hoss with all them faults an'I'm a ward to two hundred dollars and tellin'you ifFen he ever gits the upper rode away. When he returned he

with a Mexican him young take yer medicine brought hand—wal, finest, of the welltwo who had it."straight an'like

Some of the riders jollied the old trained saddle animals the men had man, claiming he was prejudiced ever seen. Dad was told to stick

Xhe sun was just setting against Smokey, the old stallion, but close to the ranch and do this Mexas the foremanT rode into the ranch he smilingly replied, "Wait. Time'll ican's bidding.

leading the new stallion. Most of tell."The foreman and the Mexican

the riders and ranch hands were at The stallion was a wonder, easy rode away and returned at night.

the corrals when he arrived and to handle and causing not the least The following morning the Mexican turned the animal loose in one of bit of trouble. The following spring rode alone. He kept this up for two

the enclosures. Some watched befound quite a number of almost perweeks, changing horses every other

tween the poles while others sat on fect colts running around with plenty morning. Some of the riders retop of the fence to get a better view. of life and action, but not a one with ported seeing him following the outSilently the foreman waited, for well twitching ears and too much white law band around, not chasing the

he knew before long there would be of the eye showing. Then the riders horses but just following along beplenty of comment. again cautiously joshed Dad who hind them, apparently studying the

Finally one pointed to the fine legs replied, "Takes a long time to bile horses and the range. Then one

and an almost perfect body, while water, sometimes, but when she's morning he stayed at the ranch. He

others discussed the wide chest, long hot, she scalds."carefully went over his outfit, espeslim back, strong, wellshaped musOne morning the stallion and a cially his cinch and latigo straps.

cles and freedom of action. All mare, notably wild, were missing His horses he examined even more

seemed to be talking, as a leatherfrom the pasture. No horse had ever carefully, especially the shoes, lookskinned, squinteyed, bowlegged jumped that high fence before and ing at each nail, removing some and

rider, who had grown old in the the foreman, suspicious, called the tightening others. Then he uncoiled

service, climbed over the fence, men together. "There's a cool hunhis two handmade, rawhide lariats

over. began working them Dad, and dollars brings the for the awalked dred around few new horse man who

time all the him with had been who carestalliontimes, studying the animal the back, very unharmed, no and fully, and then slowly walked back, questions will be asked,"he said. and had never spoken a word, now

climbed over the fence, and stood Everyone seemed to suspect everyasked, "Goin'try t'rope the stud?"

looking between the poles. This one else until some days later when ot.

man was Pete Royal, known to all as a rider reported seeing the stallion, "Well, I'm a tellin'you, ifFen you "Dad,"an old time rider that everywith a band of outlaw mares, high ever git a rope on him, he'll be pisen, one liked. The men respected his on the range. Men rode out and be wussern twenty locoed cow critjudgment, especially when it came made an attempt to corral the band ters."

to horse flesh. but failed. Others went with no That evening the foreman took

"What do you think of him, Dad?"better results. Then all of the riders Dad to one side and said, "The Mexasked the foreman as the others and ranch hands, Dad included, ican is going to do some fast riding

gathered around to listen. made a drive. They succeeded in tomorrow. Take his extra horse and

"What them fellers has said 'bout capturing a few of the mares, but the leave right after breakfast. Wait

him be true. Fine hoss. Be perfect stallion still roamed free. It was for him on Dockweed flat. Wait all

ifFen it weren't fer three things."after this ride that Dad went to the (Concluded on page 164)

'Mow Shalt 9 Plant MY GARDEN?"

Photograph by H. iy riouLrt-S

By ROBERT F. WOLLER

water settle copiously to the earth experience is no proLandscape Gardener firmly about all the roots, to and greater, more of Thereductive wholehearted pleasure eliminate air pockets. Finally,

than that of creating a wellplanned est measure of success in the home backfill the remainder of the hole, leaving a depression of about garden. two garden. That wellcared-forand inches it that the If it is the around tree to will plant so not possible the in advance assured beyou may

it receive of plenty until armoisture trees as they shrubs or as soon the to effort devotetime you and garden will be crowned with comrive, it will be wise to "heel becomes well rooted.

plete success, there are several them in,"being careful to cover In making your rough sketch of simple rules which must be folthoroughly the roots of each plant the shrub bed, remember that the lowed: after it is placed in the trench. Be outlining of your bed consists of

sure to separate the trees or shrubs graceful curves, so that if the plantPlan carefully in advance. Give if they arrive in bundles, before ing were divided, each side would

the trees and flowers the personal "heeling them in."If they are be much like the other in conformaattention they need. Although somewhat dried out, bury them in tion. Carefully select your tall

plants do not require as much aid moist soil for two or three days. shrubs for the accent points, medito reach healthy maturity as your Keep the soil wet during that time. um for filler material, and dwarf

readily tochildren, a they respond for the of the trees beds. edges and Through why To understand funof certaincareful observance selection proper of before shrubs, to your pruned you be shrubs need difthe thatdamentals. Remember will flowers have entire the during only remember planting, must one

ference the commonplace between the unusualgarden and one is dethatlishedafterthemselvesthe plantsin thehad nurseryestabitsgrowingdelicateseason:blossomsthe forsythia,in April;withthe

termined by six main features: ( 1 row, the roots spread rapidly, beflowering almond in May; cornus,

a wellkept lawn, (2) a correct front coming almost equal in extent to deutzia, spirea, in June; weigela,

side planting foundation aboutand syringa, in spirea, in top. of tree the hydrangea July; the spread Whenthe house, encomposed (3) fences August. it roots are of of part these only These were dug, a few was

tirely of living green plant mateoff. the possible cut combinations. many necessarily destroyed and

rial, wellfitted beds, flower (4) it It is root planted, the that a again is rather idea mistaken After (5) welldefined bed areas, and (6) system at first is not large enough to all deciduous shrubs should be their plants. Allhealthy do frespring. part of the bit support upper every the tree pruned As greatest to thetoward contributing

it condition practiced, in healthy quently it does and keep more charm of the garden. unless part of the upper branches harm than good. When a shrub

After the type of planting has are pruned off. Thus, it is best grows out of bounds, it is advisable

been determined, and the materials before planting, to cut off the to thin out some of the overcrowdpurchased, the most important conbroken and jagged roots, and to ed branches, especially the dead tributary factors toward complete prune back the branches of the or weak limbs. Every two or three

success in home or chapel planting young tree. Dig the hole to receive years, a few of the branches should

must yet be dealt with. Even bethe roots considerably larger than be cut out clear to the ground, if the

fore it is replanted, the newly arthe space required to accommodate shrub is getting too scraggly or rived nursery stock must be given the root system of the tree. After bushy. When pruning a shrub or

thoughtful protection and care. It the tree is placed in position, fill in tree, do not leave a stub. Because

must be properly planted, and, evaround the roots with the good top an open end will not heal over, ery year thereafter, it must be soil, tamping it firmly about the decay will soon destroy the limb.

carefully doctored and adminisroots. When the hole is about Evergreen should be selected

tered to, if one is to expect the greattwo-thirds filled, it is advisable to (Concluded on page 169)

WHAT ALCHEMY? GREEN PASTURES THE ANGELS WEEP

By Elsie C. Carroll By Earl Smith By Ruth May Fox

always look across the fence Springtime, seedtime, WhyAnd envy what you've seen? SATAN laughs;

Earth a waiting breast! Why not look around about your lot? The angels weep

Brown seeds planted. You'll find it just as green! Over a world of woe,

Time awaits the test. Over a world of wickedness

Why wish for wealth you haven't earned Of tyranny and selfishness.

Rain and sunshine, And build dream castles in the sky? We garner what we sow.

Nature's alchemy. If you'll pitch in and work for wealth,

Brown shells bursting: You'll get it by and by! Satan laughs;

angels weep The free. set Life again with ease; don't things always come Good throng valiant the Over

care. toil with and come They warlike their to death in marched Who Life beauty and in get gaze; and work stop to Don't guise breath fragrant Flowers'share. earn your And really eyes. dauntless erect and heads With seeds, once brown From

As cold and still as death. Who shall repair the wrong?

Springtime, wartime, TO AN AIRPLANE Satan laughs;

Steel and blood and pain! By Alice Movcey Bailey TheOverangelsthe dyingweepand dead, horror. and Hate

helpless babes the and mothers Over slain. lying Thousands cement, and scorn our bridges fades. life forever of joy Whose You

travelled ways. tortuous, Our said. is Mine,"He "Vengeance soldiers Khakied hearts that broke men's the roads Above earth. the Scattered on

their days, precious ate And laughs; Satan freedom, of Their dreams light sound of travel lanes and You angels weep The their worth? Seeds. what But blue, the of Dustless roadways beset, grief hearts with the Over

the of ground dependents While we fraught, carnage with the lands Over can sun nor Not rain hue. in heaven's silver wings Glimpse wrought; miseries has the man Over sod; the from them Coax throbbing power with cleave a line You debt. the must pay man And prayers. love, nor Nor faroff lands seek men To of God? alchemy Can in hour an distance the span And

in travelled week. fathers a Our Freedom, of Flowers continents of paths treacherous blooms, The fragrant Shining, SPRING UTAH RANCH A ON free, aloof, sail, and detached, You rise from they Will flight represents swift your yet And still soldiertombs? Macfarlane These Ruth By like things me. toil of earthbound The

spent the early morning hours upon the trail winds along the leafy turns of Little SONNET FOR DAYS ON END ThatI

Mating Helen By Dutch. By J. Nile Washburn alone, yet not alone, for with me, supercare I was in the revel

frail been has perfect WE reason the man given on are That weWith walked, years other of wraiths filmy air. And wise beautiful and are endowed. made We bearing much advertise; his people products risen from have By noble worksWhat you used when happiness to know we Of pills foods and vitamins and And power!

here. were ills. chronic of cure us our Should is the proud guide; his for he wisdomWith

life spring that of stirring I the new score the saw programs question by The hour. the last that of beyond thingsMaker endows, before. than brighter us much Make flower the very are masterpiecesHis leaves. of tender aspen filled play twinkling soap bubbling is with air The The the that all only save the man worldOf hope. give us near While clean and us keep To

tall still these. some LikeIs greater than or thrive grow elderberry did ever on robins fledgling swayed we How Me tower

... radio? of the days Before boughs

That seems to float among the clouds he Chokecherry blooms! A pair of newborn

can O'ertop all lesser things. There is a plan THE FACE OF A GIRL Uncertainlambs legs!on high

first stone earth's the beforeDesigned Ansley Agacd Dorothy where the was By ranch house, I neared then And laid wail. child's protesting The I heard a little

right to scan the a girl him given face ofIn which in the was sigh Here

All works that were or ever would be made; Wonderful things I see: Inbreathed, of life recurrent all about me

For man can reach, though partly of the Memories of what has been there, sod, Dreams that are to be. Obeying laws the mind can only wonder at;

LInto the stature of the living God! Here is her mother's youth, All, living, feeling things, the host of God's

elect. again; alive Briefly

to life is her "Yes"Here SPRING Challenge to joy and pain.

By Dalton Robinson FaceBlessingsof a girl,forsalute!all the years! REWARD

is quickly of won, By May Weight Johnson with arms beckonsWinter love and tears; ice, A Carvedwoman'soutfaceby

entice. spring to "her best, Trying

the day is fettered of arms bluewhite a snow, open yourShe wears So gown to life! IF

fills the skies, darkness its whirl, in all And Fearing, glow. to in theBeautiful see moon's soft

She whispers softly, pleading in vain Only that death may find Look at sunshine through your tearsSpring elopes with the Goddess Rain. Yours—the face of a girl! You'll find rainbows in your eyes!

x HieTooETtacB

PLAIN WORDS ABOUT has lived in joy. It is the eternal nature stick, why a comely body, mind as servant,

VENEREAL DISEASE of this desire which assures us that the civic liberty, man to marry, this is the life, (Thomas Parran and R. A. Vanderlehr. present contest will end in victory for the call to arms. Each chapter is filled to the

Reynal and Hitchcock, New York free people of earth. brim, and overflowing, with wise thoughts;

City, 1941. 222 pages. $2.00.) That is really the theme of his timely is itself a treatise on a subject important in

It book. to tradithe attempts conduct. show "how human within insidious are our enemiesThere lies tion in the of grew, freedom through of the uniqueness thousand two book The fatal to republic, which more be may

is struggle."of years treatment. thought following Instead of of and method This

the future than enemiesour from avowed first, traditional the accomplished, the exposition, of a the of review by method filthy thesewithout. the are Chief among the of idea, condensation, democratic without secondly, and, author growth achieved has

evil, hell's diseases,venereal of spawns own interest, series the notable, yielding intriguing in of part anusing extracts a by by soldier "chief thethe the saboteurs of and

Israel alytical begins chapter of the with prophets to from method. Each John Dewey is fair It to incitizen."that sad our know the thinkers justify followed (or old to between and them, wise saw, new) a by many

life,land, resting conceptions noble of upon historical the the of thought. key. are conclusions statement. of chapter These gems"the of wasters the prime are manpower

is is series classified the subject a material citizenship Then, under developed under The

If diseases."this so,venereal evil the be

in proof questions, of with the intimations or ancient world, ample headings of democfull is in light into as draggedmust be done in tradition, for statements the the roots of racy the underbrush Christian made. The

itsthis that book, hideousness and menace liberty, to clearly. tree the define English enlightenment cut revoluseems and away seen. fight clearly to victory bemay The tion, thinking. liberal libertarians, birth compels method a and The new in at beginmust otherwise, always home; into of social and, freedom, has treatment a This condensed toward packed democracy.the shall is end, vanquished. a be This we fill It all is interest that will usually the thoughts that volumes. cheer a and book book for the day, shouldbook widely and be lovers of cover review pages ample A. would more An W.read. liberty.-—/. to thanks the General Surgeon Our

itself. the than does book

S.of the Public U. Service, the Health and

fitting is companion Exalted Life a LIFE The EXALTED THEAssistant for this General, Surgeon needed,

I earlier for sale the of book, (E. the Ernest author's Bramwell, by Do Why tocourageous the message American peoall it is Salt Street, at of reading Believe? author City, 85 worthy and Lake by Cple.—/. A. W. the desire the bookstores. at Deseret exalted and A. W. who News life.—/.

Press, 1941. pages. 208 $1.50.)FOUNTAINHEADS OF FREEDOM

the collaboration with(Irwin Edman, DISCOVERY GUIDEBOOK A to fit himself achieve person a may Schneider.Herbert Reynal and of HOW W. LIVING FOR

life, is the exalted here or hereafter, Bartlett.Hitchcock, Press, 1941. City, Association (Robert York $3.75.) M. New

In forty unique of this book. the theme $1.50.) City, 1941. 160 pages. York New has desired always freedom. ThisITan fitness brief forty chapters, of conditions

** desire has been as an eternal light, are set forth, analyzed, and fitted into human This book brings within one cover handy sometimes dimmed by tyrant and despot, but life. Some of the chapter headings indicate quotations which youth will find worth

never extinguished. As that light has the wide scope of the book: Do things just while in this day of stress, and which

burned freely, without hindrance, mankind happen, life means growth, gospel yard- (Concluded on page 168)

Special BOOKS. FOR APRIL

Gospel Standards The Presidents of the Church

President Heber J. Grant...... $2.25 Preston Nibley $2.50

The Message of the Twelve Prophets History of Utah—1847 to 1869

Sidney S. Sperry 2.00 Andrew Love Neff 4.00

Second War in Heaven Priesthood and Church Government

N. L. Nelson 1.50 Dr. John A. Widtsoe.- 1.75

Discourses of Brigham Young Buried Empires of South America (New Edition) 2.50 (Handsomely Illustrated) 1.00

Brigham Young, The Colonizer Grandeur of Ancient America

Milton B. Hunter 3.00 (Profusely Illustrated) 1.00

His Many Mansions Hello Life Rulon S. Howells 2.50 Elsie Talmage Brandley 1.50

Stories of L. D. S. Hymns The Bible for Today

George D. Pyper 1.50 Edited by John Stirling 5.00

We are Headquarters for all kinds of Books, Greeting Cards, School and Office Supplies and Gifts for every occasion.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

phy- a practicing Pettit, Wm A.JOHN TAYLOR

of and presiLos Angeles, Dr. sician

dent of Pasadena Stake, has invited to the attention of the editors an article entitled "Feeding the German article Gerson, which (L (p&JitkDnaL Army,"by Max originally appeared in the New York

SksddfL State1941), journaland wasoflaterMedicinecondensed(41:1471,in the

Current Medical Digest, and which Dr.

cor- "professional refers as to By JUDGE Pettit established docold of roboration an

DANIEL HARRINGTON trine known to the Latterday Saints for one hundred years."We here reTohn Taylor, as I knew him, and produce a few sentences and paragraphs

as I remember him, was a man at from A studythe articlewas inmadequestion:of special meth- J the age of about seventysix, and ods of nutrition reported to be used

at the very zenith of his mental in the German army, in order to find powers. By his very appearance whatfacts. is.. propaganda. and what are the

and bearing he gave the impression Physical conditions in the new German of nobility. He was a man rather army were far less rosy than propaganda

would like to have had them appear. Relarge in stature. His hair was white, ports in the medicomilitary and the medical

not gray, and it surmounted his brow literature show that even of the most carefully selected men of the Luftwaffe twenty in becoming folds. On public ocpercent suffered from C hypovitaminosis;

difficulties in great found physicians casions he wore a white vest, white army dental disother pyorrhea and combating tie, and a dark Prince Albert coat. eases by means of artificial vitamin C and

Thus attired he looked majestic as JOHN TAYLOR yeasterfullyconcentrates.built marines,Also,Kruttkeamongfoundthe manypowpulpit. in the By these appeared gingihe deficiency with vitamin of cases C a conference in the held Ephraim complete paradentosis. In a more and his unusual mentokens, too, and by in 1885. Tabernacle September, that explains scurvy and Reitschel At vitissummary

tal attainments, it may readily be that time I was reporting the constomatitis with paradentosis are different seen that he was a very effective ference for the Manti Sentinel of diseases,Salle, Tobler,confirmingand others.the earlier studies of

speaker. which I was then editor. As usual, In addition, two types of illness are espeThe first time I saw and heard him he was attired in the customary nervouscially in soldierheart,evidence: constipationapproximatelyand thethe

Prince coat, Albert white vest, and manifestations as in neurocirculatory same asthenia. in forensic action was at one of our tie. In he the course of his remarks

in the held conventions, is a following resume of the diet schoolbook The in army: proceeded to remind the people of used the German in Salt Chamber fine old Council

their high callings, and their great A. The emphasis is on potatoes prepared number June, City in Lake 1883. A

firms publishing had opportunities; then, raising his magmilk,in manysour milk,varieties,rice, legumes,kommossbrot,oat and cheese,barley of of agents

said, nificent in tones, voice loud he flour pastries, products, and and vegetables of their the merits been praising latter sorts, all the also preof and fruits legates then? are we, "Who are We the the binding, the printing, books, sugar. with cooked served and

illustrations, etc. At this point Presof the skies!"B. Meat is quantitatively, as well as with

ident Taylor, who had formerly been This quotation from his poem, respecttion. Suchto its partsimportance,as heart,in secondaryliver, kidneys,positerritorial superintendent of schools, "Go, ye messengers of glory, Run and lungs are much used. Since the army

was called upon. He said, "We ye legates of the skies!"warmed the senedgets foodconsumptionwithout muchof meatrestriction,is not duethis toles-a

have heard the able descriptions hearts and thrilled the audience in shortage of meat or to any other economic given by these gentlemen as to the about the same way as did Daniel necessity, but it is solely an important result merits of their books, the binding, Webster in his plea before the Sunutrition.of the newerIn fact,knowledgeit was ofa difficultthe sciencetask ofto

etc. But, my friends, I long ago preme Court, in the celebrated Dartget the soldiers used to this new regimen.

learned that there is no royal road mouth College case. Webster, on onions,C. Aromatictomato vegetables,pulp, and othersuch domesticas fresh

to learning. If you learn arithmetic, the occasion of the delivery of this products are abundantly used—also liberal

grammar, geography, or even the speech, was very earnest as he was quantities of dried vegetables and fruits and higher branches, you must study the in the court defending the property manycooked freshvegetables.salads, raw and mixed with

rules and make them your own."rights of his alma mater, the Dart- D. The consumption of spices is kept as

How wise that statement was at that mouth College of New Hampshire. lowused asin possible;order notlittleto saltreplaceand thepepperoriginalare

time, and how abiding it is today. So earnest was he, in fact, that as taste of foods by a general and uncertain

Besides, it showed the clear thinking he finished, many of the justices were flavor. Especially recommended is the conof the speaker. He was not a proin tears. President Taylor, while sumptiondried vegetablesof yeastandextracts,vegetablesoybeans,powders. and...

fessional school teacher, but he gave not defending an alma mater, was The German military authorities seem to is still that posimprovement much dear realize as advocating a cause that was helpful, advice. timely

sible certain printo general this end and occasion could ever alma mater when I saw and to The next him as any laid ciples have been down.

heard the president in action was at be. {Concluded on page 168)

. <>JOC V%urcOloves English editions, adding references and making a full alphabetical index.

His later life has been spent in the

Salt Lake Temple.

Surviving him are three children,

Lucy Gates Bowen, wife of Elder Albert E. Bowen of the Council of the

Twelve; and Franklin Y. Gates, of Salt

Lake City; and Harvey H. Gates of

Hollywood; and a stepdaughter, Leah

D. Widtsoe, wife of John A. Widtsoe,

of the Council of the Twelve.

Speakers at his funeral in the South

Eighteenth Ward January 24th, were

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Dr. John

A. Widtsoe of the Council of the

Twelve, and George J. Cannon. Pres-

J. ALDEN BOWERS WILLIAM W. SEEGMILLER ident Heber J. Grant, President David

O. McKay, and other General AuthorBrazilian Mission hundred fortythree missionaries laborities were present.

President Named ing in the mission are well and active. Death Claims Guy C. Wilson

former,\I7illiam Seegmiller, W.

v "president Jacob F. Gates Passes /Iuy* emeritusCarltonof religionWilson,at professorBrigham States of the Western

Mission, has been appointed president Jacob Forsberry Gates, a stalwart Young University, died January 27 at of the Brazilian Mission, with headof the Church's missionary system Provo. He was seventyseven.

quarters in Rio de Janeiro. He succeeds and an authority on Polynesian lanFor more than fiftysix years ProPresident J. Alden Bowers whose home guages, died in Salt Lake City on Janfessor Wilson had been a teacher and

is in Ogden. uary 22. He was eightyseven. Church leader in Utah and Mexico,

Elder Seegmiller filled a mission to As a child he witnessed the early and had presided over several instituGermany from 1899 to 1902. He colonizing activities in the southern tions.

served as bishop of the Kanab Ward part of Utah. In 187679 he filled his In 189697 he was instructor at the

for five years, and as president of the first mission. It was to the Sandwich Brigham Young Academy (now B. Y.

Kanab Stake for fifteen years. He was ( Hawaiian ) Islands U. ), and from that post was called to

president of the Western States MisOn January 5, 1 880, he married Susa the Mormon colonies in Mexico, where sion, with headquarters at Denver, from Young, daughter of Brigham Young, in he served as principal of the Juarez

May 27, 1937, to July 15, 1941. the St. George Temple. She accomAcademy and supervisor of the Church

Because of the threat of submarine panied him on his second mission in school system there from 1897 to 1912.

warfare, Elder Seegmiller will fly by 188589, during which he spent most During part of that time he was counPan-American clipper to his new duties. of his time as superintendent of the selor to the late President Anthony W.

This is the first time that a mission Church sugar plantation at Laie, Oahu, Ivins in the Juarez Stake presidency.

president has flown to his field of labor. Hawaii. The first seminary in the Church was

He will be accompanied by his wife, He filled a third mission in the Eastorganized by Brother Wilson at the

Ada Pratt Seegmiller, who will take ern States in 190203; and in 191314, Granite High School, Salt Lake City,

charge of the mission Relief Society; he filled a fourth mission, this time to in 1912. After two years'teaching

and their son, Wan Seegmiller, who is Germany, returning just before World there he was appointed president of the sixteen. War I. L. D S. University in Salt Lake City,

In 1905, Elder Gates was called by where he served from 1915 to 1925.

"Church of Air"President Joseph F. Smith to edit a new During the next four years he was

Features L. D. S. Speaker edition of the Book of Mormon in the supervisor of religious education for

language. of Hawaiian Mastery the the Church of Education, Department

revise enabled tongue him to"President Gustave A. Iverson of the Hawaiian of the general and board of a member

Eastern States Mission was the a previous translation by President the religion classes.

speaker Broadcasting on the Columbia the dividing George Q. Cannon, new professor appointed In 1930 he wasSystem's of the Air,"Sunday, "Church like edition into the verse chapter and on (ContinuedFebruary 1, at 11:00 a. m MST. page 15&)

Elder Iverson chose for his subject:

"On the Spiritual Firing Line,"as he spoke from the L. D. S. Chapel in

Washington, D. C.

Musical selections on the program were given by the Washington L. D. S.

Chapel choir under the direction of D.

Sterling Wheelwright.

Elder Smith Returns "Older Nicholas G. Smith, one of the

L/ assistants to the Council of the

Twelve, and until recently president of the Northwestern States Mission has returned to Salt Lake after presiding over that mission for sixteen months.

Elder Smith reported that the one JACOB F. GATES GUY C. WILSON

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

tions. the discussed speakers Nightly THE CHURCH MOVES ON of the problems had been day which

(Continued from page 157) The lecture consists of sixty picscheduled for Leadership Week.

of religious education at the Brigham tures in full color, together with an acYoung University, and was head of that companying script. The film strip of Relief Society

department until 1939. In 1941 he bepictures was done in technicolor, the Centennial Postponed

came professor emeritus. He had filled first strip to be done by this method.

a mission in the Southern States from Formerly, they were handcolored. The general, centennial celebration

188688. of the Relief Society and the general

B. Y. U. Radio Programs conference sessions of the organization,

New Illustrated Lecture Replace Leadership Classes scheduled for April during the general

Released to Missionaries "Drigham Young University's twenconference of the Church, have been "Rissionaries and Church groups will tysecond annual Leadership Week, "postponed for the time being,"the

Relief general has Society of the board* the of lecillustrated because suspended which receive a soon was new announced. nightly fifteen minute a war, Highlights becameture on "Historic of Morin line action the taken with was The 19. to feature, 2 February radio prepared from been has which bymonism"halt First decision to of the Presidency

It intermountain the Publicity, over Misbroadcast and Radio,the was Church all activities essential to but conserve staradio Literature network, chain of a Committee.sion Utah during the materials time and war

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME emergency. (See February Era, page

ARRIVED DECEMBER DECEMBER 17, 1941 S, 1941—DEPARTED

first row: Left to right, Blake N. Dustin, Laura R. Merrill, Marjorie Thompson, Marjorie Smith, Don B. Colton, Myrtle Tolman, Mary Derrick, Reva Baird, Elmer E. Wilde. 74.)A radio broadcast planned for TuesJr., Arlen row: Second R. Allred, Emer H. Wilson, Lois Rigtrup, Mary W. Hadfield, Lois Manwill, day, March 17, over KSL, Salt Lake

Clint Afton D. Palmer, McKean, Grant Fredrickson.

Third row: Ray C. Bryner, Joseph R. Crystal, Orrin W. Larsen, Lorin R. Oakey, Charles L. Zufelt, City which will feature an address by

Jeffs, Shirley Richard Beard, T. C. Floyd A. J. Woodfield, George Smith. president general Lyman, Brown

Fourth row: E. Berrett, Taylor, Martin D. Gurney, Ray 0. Harold H. Wniting, R. Dean Jones, Amy Wm. supRelief Society, is the only of the E. Richard Orr, K. Rose. Vyrin Carruth, Bradshaw, J. Sterling Que

Fifth Challis, row: J. R. Burnett, George A. A. Nielsen, Preston Anderson, Aaron James W. definitely action arranged, L. plementary

Butler, Robinson, Karl Hile F. N. Chandler, V. Moss, Milton Sharp. James G. went Improvement Era as the March Sixth Merritt row: Rigby, Belnap, Neibaur, Clarence Zenger, Glen Larry West Adamson, Don T. Sperry,

Victor Wathen, Boyd Moulton. to press.

row: Paul Seventh R. Stevens, L. Brinkerhoff, Bickley, Harold Paul Wayne B. Bandley, Herman R. Ward and branch organizations will Theodore Aston, Davis. E. Wakman, Andersen, Richard J. Coulam, V. Wendell Ray S.

Eighth row: Victor Anderson, Max Tyler, Robert Thompson, Max E. Nelson, James W. McLachlan, observe the centennial date as originJulian C. Kail, F. A. Clarence Hadley, Richard Bundy.

Ninth Foster, row: Leavitt, D. Wendell Donald Verr D. Leavitt, Albert L. Krebs, William C. Jolley, ally planned.

Wendell J. Petersen, Jax L. Godfrey, Marriner R. Jensen, L. Eugene Harvey.

Tenth row: James F. Bell, Ralph A. Taylor, George R. Quist, Arhen 0. Clark, Arch G. Widdison,. "Plant a Garden"JRobert I. Merrill.

Defense Council Urges nP'HE Utah defense council asks you to consider establishment of a garden which will enable you to "produce and save"rather than to "buy and hoard."The campaign for such gardens was advanced by Miss Lou Richardson of

San Francisco, a representative of region nine, on a recent visit to Salt

Lake. Miss Richardson declared that

the Church Welfare plan was the best example of what could be done in the patriotic idea of the plan endorsed by the national defense organization. Said

she: The L. D. S. Church advises, inspires,

and advocates the use of every bit of waste in the process of production. Not only does

it urge its members to produce, but it urges them to eliminate waste, to preserve, and to save.

As a result, the Church Welfare program has become a pattern for the nation in times of stress, a community effort by which food shortages may be alleviated.

Personnel Relations Class Begins at B. Y. U.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING MISSIONARY SALT LAKE FOR THE FIELD FROM THE HOME Tn cooperation with the Federal Se14, ARRIVED JANUARY JANUARY 1942 5, 1942—DEPARTED

Iris right, Left to Gerber, B. Colton, Baker, Frances first row: Heaton, Verda Turnbow, Don Anna States curity of the United Agency

Belle Kleven, Grant, Adeline Ida Swain, Forsyth. LaRene of Education, Brigham Young Willard row: Hatch, Office Second B. Lorraine Markgraf, Afton Grange, N. Peck, Merline Howard Mecham,

Leone 0. Stauffer, Clara C. Rose, Elda M. Holladay, Joseph M. Chatterton, Donald B. Koller. University is offering a special defense

Franklin Third Turpin, row: Grant M. Bosworth, Clarence M. Orton, Louie R. Peck, Joseph Page, course in "Personnel Relations."The J. Evans, B. Barker, Reatha D. Phillips, Orland Eggleston. John Ray

Fourth row: Jesse B. Reay, Delbert N. Nelson, Duayne T, Johnson, Leo C. Telford, Fern Dahl, Byron course, which began early in Febru-

J. Cheever, Charles B. Barton, Garth Grant Pace, William Bingham, E. Berrett.

Hill, Fifth Mertlich, Irwin Melvin row: T. Stoddard, R. Holman, Greenland C. Simpson, ary, is designed to give training to men Norman John

A. Eugene Dibble, Melvin M. Hansen, Frank B. Redd, Haines Smart. and women who are, or aspire to beSixth J. Clive L. Morrill, row: Horace Russell R. Harston, Alan Thornock, D. Bennett, Carl M. Van come supervisors, industrial managers, Tassell, F. Hill. Bair, Earl V. Bastian, J. Lowell Rolen Mearl K. Cox, Clyde Young, K.

Seventh row: Donald Jones, William L. Prescott, Chester W. Stokes, Reed W. Anderson, Frank M. personnel directors, or any other type

Field, Gibbons, Lauritzen, Peter Bruin. Glen H. G. McBride, John Henry

Eighth Ricks, Briggs, row: Shelby Bentley, M. Norman Charles V. Hatch, Arthur W. Smith, of a leader whose work involves the Don H.

John H. Moore, Wendell L. Thompson, George A. Palmer, Arlan Anderson. managing or supervision of people. The

Ninth Gilbert Green, row: H. Black, Floyd is free offered expense of and Thyrald Finn, lal Lunt, Wayne Booth, Hale B. Seely, course

Millward Robinson, W. R. Hatch.

will given. credit not college be Tenth L. Perry. row: Kenneth W. Porter, Tom

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

are the activities gether moving and of stalwart the efforts through forwardThe Church Moves On TheIn SwitzerlandWork Goes On men and women there, is found in these

B. Y. U. Gets (Convincing portrayal of the faithphotographs sent to Elder Thomas E.

Rare Volumes * fulness of the Saints in Switzerland, McKay from the Zurich and Bern

James McCance of the Montreal where the branches are being held tobranches.

Branch of the Canadian Mission has given some rare old books to the library of the School of Religion of Brigham Young University. The Branch and district

books, one printed as early as 1635, are officers and teachers written as histories and dissertations by ofthe all fallorganizationsconference,at prominent members of the clergy in the Zurich District, Zurich, early seventeenth and late eighteenth October 26, 1941.

century.

Excommunications Hendrikus DeBuizer, excommunicated for apostasy, November 10, 1941, in the East

Orange Ward, New York Stake.

Edith D. Koester Bohnet, excommunicated for apostasy, March 23, 1941, in the

Baltimore Branch, Washington Stake.

Rulon T. Jeffs, excommunicated for adBranch presidents andvocating doctrines contrary to the teachings

supervisors, of the Church, April in 14th, 1941, District, with the LedistrictZurich

Grand Ward, Bonneville Stake. mission officers at the

conference, Zurich Mercedes L. Hardy, excommunicated for falldistrict, October 26,apostasy, 17, December 1941, in the Cald1941.

well Ward, Nampa Stake.

Romero G. Martinez, excommunicated for

adultery, May 11, 1941. (Ward not given.)

Florence Runswick, excommunicated for apostasy, September 25, 1941, in the Wilshire Ward, Los Angeles Stake.

Amelia Volmer, excommunicated for advocating doctrines contrary to the teachings of the Church, December 2, 1941, in the Sugar House Ward, Highland Stake. Priesthood and Relief

Puerto Rican L. D. S. Societyconference,at theBern springDisGroup Functions trict,1941. Sunday, May 11,

An invitation to Church members liv- "ing or stationed in Puerto Rico to become associated with other members Center photo, from left to right, first row: Christian Schmid (MalixChur); Bertha Piranian, district supervisor,

I. A.;on the island has been extended by Y.AnnaW. Baumann,M. I. A.; AnnadistrictStoecklin,supervisor,Sr., ReliefmissionSocietysupervisor,and secondRelief Society;counselorLouiseto SisterB. Zimmer,Stoecklin.mission supervisor M.

George O. Zabriskie, chief clerk, signal Second row: Werner Michel, district supervisor, Y. M. M. I. A.; Hans Suss (Wadenswil); Otto Riethmann

(Zurich); Hosli Jakob (EnnendaGlarus) Piranian Carl Ringger, Sr., (Zurich); president Zurich District;office, headquarters of the Puerto Rican

acting mission Zimmer, Max president;; ErwinBadwagan (visit- (Zurich); Gerber Ruf, Walter president H. District BernDepartment Juan. ing); at San Julius Billeter; (9t. Gallen); Fritz Leuzinger Fritz Dietrich (St. (Winterthur) Gallen); Rudolf Schneider

group to study L. D. An informal S. schools.(Uster); (AbsentEdwin whenBaumann,picturedistrictwas taken:supervisorJoseph schoolBirchmeier,and B.firstP. Luzern.)assistant in mission superintendency Sundayprinciples has at been organized San

Juan.

Missionaries Released

In January. 1942

California: Alfred C. Nielson, Brigham

City, Utah; Jack R. Price, Pocatello, Idaho:

Leonard C. Brostrom, Preston, Idaho; Paul

Black, Lovell, Wyoming; Melvin N. Carlile,

Heber, Utah; John V. Wright, Pleasant

Grove, Utah; Kenneth B. Morrison, Salt

Lake City; Sterling B. Rich, St. Charles,

Idaho; Clyde L. Miller, Salt Lake City;

Gordon V. Barney, Delta, Utah; Alma E.

Nielson, Manti, Utah; Julian S. Neff, Salt

Lake City; Dee W. Lewis, Tabiona, Utah;

Clifton R. Idaho; Dixon, Gooding, Grant MISSIONARIES LEAVING FIELD HOME LAKE MISSIONARY FROM THE SALT FOR THEH. Larsen, G. Lindberg, Hyrum, Utah; Jay 26, ARRIVED 4, 1942 JANUARY FEBRUARY 1942—DEPARTED

Tooele, Utah; Sylvia L. Probst, Midway, Left to right, first row: Luis Beltran, James N. Skousen, Pauline Decker, Rachel Beutler, Don B. Colton,

Utah; Verda Washburn, Blanding, Utah. Lila Austin, Fay Bosshardt, Delbert Jex, Arden Richards.

row: Second Bailey, La Johns, Hendricks, James Jack Pauline Egbert Mont Martineau, Edna Wilma Canadian: No releases. Olsen, Ethel Tregeagle, Wilde, Chloe Gordon B. Orgill, Douglas Verlin Lee Coxey.

Central States: Lottie R. Freestone, Whipple, Sessions, Richards, row: Reese Third George Loy Brady, Alice Smedley, D. Va Ruth Greenwell Hodson,

Mesa, Arizona; Elizabeth Walker, Vernal, Phyllis Jensen, Jedd Hart, Carling Young, Blaine Dunkley.

Fourth row: H. Llyle Farnsworth. Ivaloo R. Butler, Cooley, Dean Zollinger, Troy Idella W. Wood,Utah.

Lindsay, E. Lindsay, Berrett. Crooks, Harrison, James E. Duane Lew S. Win. Eastern States: Francis O. Unander, L. Ronald row: Fifth Powell, Reed Bryant Asay, S. Woolley, Melvin Anderson, Maurice B. Smart, Gerald Thomas

Burley, Idaho; Richard A. Seare, Salt Lake Melchin, Cornelius Wright Neilsen, Clair H. Lundberg, James L. Bradley.

Calvin row: Nebeker, Callister, Palmer, Hal Garr Curtis, Marion A. B. Crandall, Max ChauncyCity; V. Pope, Clifton, Hyrum Idaho. S. Peterson,Sixth Earl Bronzel Cooper, Pickett, Hurst. Updike, Howard Leo W. Central States: East No releases. R. row: Seventh Bickley, Stevens, L. Brinkerhoff, Paul Paul Harold Bandley, B. Wayne Herman

New England Mission: Edgar C. Jones, Carpenter, Golden A. Buchmiller, Paul Ray Lunt, La Mont Heaton, Reid J. Bodine. R.

Ferre, Hale, Taylor, row: Loren Laurence Steve Dean G. Philip T. Sonntag, W. W. Bartholomew, Vernal, Utah;Jr., Grant B. Jacobs,

E. Dale Whiting. Moore, Ogden, ConwayEighth H. Dunn, Kirkham, D. Eugene Ray Firth, Allen Idaho. F. Larsen,Utah; Allen, Stenquist, Lloyd row: Dale Valentine Ninth Donald G. S. Hansen, Vere H. Johnson, Willard

(Continued on page 184) Thompson. B.

-fcdikfriaL

(pA&Aidiwt fijuudqsUi. QlawADfL appointed prophets of the living God have been

privileged by the Almighty to foresee events that these prophetic utterances "Ceest thou a man diligent in his business? he were yet to come—but

proclaimed have recorded been and men of by God shall stand before kings."

all of for the comfort warning knowledge and and

So we might speak of Elder Rudger Clawson, the children of our Father, and have not been president of the Council of the Twelve. bought and sold.

He has performed with unceasing diligence the It is natural that men should desire to know someduties of his high calling. Powerful as the silent thing of what lies before them, but if it were good

seasons that cut into granite walls, his quiet, perthat each of us should have specific foreknowledge sistent labors have overcome evil and brought joy of events to come in our lives, the wisdom of an allinto human lives. He has been a faithful servant knowing Creator would have made such prescience

of the Lord. possible, without our resorting to dark places among

those who, for a price, conjure up spectres and

Though gentle, kind, and thoughtful toward all, mumble incantations. If a man cannot be happy

he has been courageously uncompromising in his and live well with such knowledge as God has adherence to gospel law. He has shown how juschosen to reveal concerning things to come, it would

tice and mercy may be mingled for human good. be left to conclude that, among other things, such

That is a notable achievement. a man lacks understanding, and also faith, which is

He has dealt joyfully with life. His clear in- a fundamental element in an acceptable life.'L. E. telligence and ready wit have smoothed the rough—R.

road for many a struggling soul.

GboVSL (pAWL The restored gospel has been his guide and inspiration. By gospel standards he has measured \\7hen on March 17, 1842, the Prophet Joseph

every human act. Thus, he has always walked in Smith organized the National Woman's

the light of truth. Relief Society, he must have had a vision of the

this result inspired from would great work which is in a splendor such There life. organization, auxiliary in the first the Church.

life. for grateful a such are We

The whole Church, and all who know him, young From that day to this, the progress of the Relief and old, unite in tendering President Rudger ClawSociety has been a long triumphal procession of son congratulations upon the eightyfifth annigood works, both at home and abroad. Its scope

versary of his birth. (March 12, 1942) has been programed so completely that women,

May his days increase, and health and strength ifin theytheir buthomesfollowwithit,a willresultantbe assuredgood indevelopmenttheir combe his daily portion.—/. A. W. munities. A varied program including literature,

scripture, social problems, and handwork lends itself to making a reality of the burning ideal behind (Dottle SjzcmIa, pWWL Relief Society—that of service!

Planning its work to be applied within the four walls of the home, the Relief Society endeavors to

Qne of the most common complaints of mankind teach better homemaking to all of its members.

is that we know so little about the future. To To this high calling, the leaders bring such informost of us it is closed, except as it may be predicted mation and inspiration as will help to make the

in general terms by the experience of the past, and home a center of wellbeing and culture. How well

except as it has been broadly outlined in scripture. they have succeeded is attested to by the increased

But so anxious are some to pry into the secrets of membership from eighteen in the beginning to tospecific things to come in their own lives, that they day's enrollment of one hundred thirteen thousand.

will go to great lengths to consult almost anyone What cannot be measured is the boundless good within reach powers beyond the perwho professes that a nature great so that they have done—of ception of ordinary men. is to States of indebted America the United even

Before Saul ever consulted the witch of Endor, this inspired organization. So marked was the

and perhaps until the last scene of time shall have feeling of gratitude for the gift of wheat from the been enacted, men have tried and will continue to Latterday Saint Relief Society that a president try to wrest from the great unknown, some inkling of of the United States made it a point to call on the what is yet to happen. Accordingly, the soothRelief Society president, in order to thank her for

sayer, the fortuneteller, the clairvoyant, the crystalthe great contribution that the organization had gazer, the reader of the teacup, the diviner of cards, made to the country.

have all sold information they do not have concernSince the desire for honor has never figured in ing things they do not know—or, if they have such their activities, the Relief Society has gone out of

information the source of it will not bear scrutiny. its way to help in countless unsung causes, rebuildIt is true that the scriptures testify: "Surely the ing families, revitalizing individuals, always provLord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret ing their Christianity by their works. Truly, the

unto his servants the prophets"(Amos 3:7), and it Relief Society is inspired, and its work is conis also true that down through the centuries divinely secrated. M. C. /.

women first exercised full political franchise in the

United States. Brigham Young saw no objection

to a woman holding public office if compatible withEvidences and her other duties.

through education held before has been the Churchreconciliations The right of woman to develop her native gifts organization. from its indeed, have, been Women

urged to train for the various life pursuits of society.

xlvii. lOPiaL xa. JJvl filaaL joL The fine arts, music, painting, literature, teaching,

(itomatL irL IPul Qhahfdh? business,ment and science,law weremining,mentionedmedicine,by Brighamcivil governYoung

as suitable studies for women. (Discourses, Chap.

TThe place of woman in the Church is to walk XXII) President Joseph F. Smith spoke similarly:

beside the man, not in front of him nor behind "It is very important to the welfare, usefulness, haphim. piness, and comfort of our daughters (in view of

In the Church there is full equality between man certain circumstances ) that they learn some branch and woman. The gospel, which is the only conof industry that could be turned to practical account

cern of the Church, was devised by the Lord for men in the way of making a living, should circumstances and women alike. Every person on earth, man or require it."(Gospel Doctrine, ed. of 1941, p. 352)

woman, earned the right in the preexistent life to President Smith also declared his belief that "spircome here; and must earn the right, by righteous itually, morally, religiously, and in faith"woman

actions, to live hereafter where "God and Christ is as strong as a man.

dwell."No vicarious service, except as to the resurHowever, the Church has never ignored, as

rection of the body, will bring exaltation. The many political and social theorists have done, the

privileges and requirements of the gospel are fundanatural differences between men and women. These

mentally alike for men and women. The Lord differences in function determine in a rational soloves his daughters as well as he loves his sons. ciety the major duties of man and woman. The

This doctrine of equality is confirmed in the ordesign of nature is that man and woman together dinances of the Church, which are alike for man shall form the unit of society, known as the family;

and woman. Faith, repentance, baptism are the shall beget and rear children to carry on the race,

same for all. The rewards, such as the gift of the and shall find in family life not only their greatest

Holy Ghost, and the temple ordinances are alike. joy, but also their chief incentive to useful activity.

The highest attainable glory cannot be won by man It is recognized that whenever this purpose is igor woman alone. Only those who are united, as nored, the frustrated functions lead to defeat in life.

husband and wife, by the sealing power, can enter Therefore, the Church has taught and urged that the celestial glory in the hereafter. "Neither is man and woman accept their respective responsithe man without the woman, neither the woman bilities as man and woman, husband and wife, father

without the man, in the Lord."( 1 Cor. 11:11) and mother. This really is another evidence of

And, provision will be made for the righteous who equality, since, in conforming to natural law, greater live unmarried to receive the sealing blessing in the freedom and power are won by both. For the

hereafter, through vicarious work performed in our woman, it means that she, at least during a large temples. part of her life, devotes herself chiefly to the duties

an—individualsThis makes individualswith the rightof manof freeand agency,womofto home;the providingfor the manof thatthe meanshe devotesof supporthimself chieflyof the

with the power of individual decision, with indihome. Naturally, this does not prohibit outside

vidual opportunity for everlasting joy, whose own interest for leisure or free time. The importance of

actions throughout the eternities, with the loving such functional division of labor is set forth poweraid of the Father, will determine individual achievefully by President Heber J. Grant: "The mother

ment. There can be no question in the Church of in the family far more than the father is the one

man's rights versus woman's rights. They have the who instils in the hearts of the children, a testimony,

same rights. and love of the gospel—and wherever you find a

This equality has been respected in the history woman who is devoted to this work, almost without of the Church. Equal suffrage within the Church exception, you will find that her children are dehas always been recognized. Church members, voted to it. She shapes their lives more than the

men and women, have always been asked to sustain father, because he is away much more."(Gospel

by vote, the uplifted hand, the persons nominated Standards, p. 151

to fill the various offices of the Church. (Doctrine In harmony with this view, the Church has always

and Covenants 20:65; 26:2; 107:22; Teachings of favored an education to fit man and woman for their

The Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 75; Gospel Doctrine, respective spheres of activity—that is, a practical

pp. 196, 197) Equal suffrage in civic life has likeeducation. Homemaking, today a wellestablished

wise been defended by the Church. "Now, sisters, applied science and art, giving a vision of the world's

I want you to vote also, because women are the chargreat knowledgepossessions, is looked upon as the acters that rule the ballot box."(Discourses of wise education for woman. Speaking on this subBrigham Young, p. 563 ) The right to vote for naject, President Brigham Young said: "It is more

tional, state, and local officials was granted women necessary that they [women] should know themin the early days of the territory of Utah, when selves and the duties that will be required of them

Church members were in control of territorial acwhen they are wives and mothers."(Journal of

tivities. In fact, it was in Utah, in 1870, that Discourses, 10:370) This (Concluded on page 188)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

THE LENTIL Lentils Mashed With Beans—Lentils

be cooked prepared in the and may HpHE lentil is one of the most ancient same as directed manner for mashed of food plants. It used has been L. D. Society The new in peas, but they are less flavor strong in

pin. membership S. madeRelief for countries in our the thouMediterranean onethird if about to onehalf cooked plant. Mail order to General

until years of years, sands recent but in Salt Lake. Board white are beans with them.

$1.10 $1.80 each. andOffice it little in the United was known Le.ntil cupGravy a With used Rice—Rub lentil States. from red comes The ful lentils or repair of through colandiamond cooked a make new We

rings or wedding rings. Buy jewelry Egypt and the large purplishgreen der to remove the skins, add one cup

from the manufacturer. Pay cash lentil from Central Europe. A small of rich milk, part cream if it can be

loVisit our store, in save money. the and variety of grown now afforded, salt if desired. and to Heat

street. just cated Twentyoff main flaLentils Arizona and NewlentilMexico.is boiling, thicken and with a teaspoonsix skilled craftsmen. jewelry greenleaf vegetables vored with and ful of flour in rubbed smooth a little

excellent and onions soups make cold milk. Serve hot on nicely steamed O. C. TANNER CO. JEWELRY richer in Lentils iron are than stews. rice, or boiled or with wellcooked 44 WEST 2ND SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the a legumes. other Lately any of macaroni.

lentil, similar to the legume the MoLentil Potato and cups Hash—3

vetch, introduced nantha has been boiled cold in diced potato, cups 1%

California by F. A. Etter of Etterscooked lentils, 3 tablespoons diced

burg, Humboldt County. When cooked, onion, 2 tablespoons vegetable butter,

it can hardly be distinguished from the 14 teaspoon sage or marjoram, 2 tableimported lentil in taste and color. spoons browned flour, scant 1 cup

Several varieties of the lentil are milk, salt.

cultivated for food, but all are nearly Stir butter, onion and the savory alike in composition and nutritive over fire for a few minutes. Add the

value. They have long been esteemed browned flour, add milk, boil, salt to

as an article of diet. That they were taste, add cooked lentils, mix, put in

in ordinary use among the Hebrews is baking dish, sprinkle top with a little shown by the frequent mention of cream or small bits of butter and bake

It is that in scripture. thought them the to a light brown. rEREALfCREAl1UISMTSm W wholeWHOLE from red pottage made of Esau was wheat FLAKED his of variety red legume. the

ancient believed Egyptians The that cHondi JCLniiu diet of lentils a would tend to make /> their children good tempered, cheerful, will be for Hints used Payment Handy for this reason and wise, and dollar event publication. the one In upon

their stituted principal food. A it gravyconthat the submitted, are two with same idea

made of lentils is largely used with the one postmarked earlier will receive the

Hz.1 Ui SERVINGContains their rice by the natives of India, at dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

present day. but each will receive careful consideration. 100 UMI"B > the

meal which lentils yield is of The generally richness, contains great and in of a teaspoon baking the water soda "every. PUT Access peas. either or casein beans than more to 'T tart in are cleaned. eggs to be which You a ovenGet is Each indiskin, however, and tough The Russets! find easily they clean and more much feat of gram gestible, smaller being and much whole F. N., Utah. a Logan, than willquickly.—Mrs. easy mornmK?lonCtisp for rejecting peas, without served when hours 2 Slobaicea Unbaked decorative candleholdbirthday cake ovenFor wheat. to almost appear the skins, they be

side with the sevenminute open on up little SVoX naefsealpacks wholly of tough, fibrous material; ers, drain maraschino cherries and place value except of are they hence

birthfrosting. firmly the hold The toasts, purees, for soups, such and candles N., day Idaho A. W. in places—Mrs.cherries rejection the of require dishes as other Falls, Idaho. C!-d FREE flavor stronger skin. Lentils the a have,nsldee Bird Pic"'cs felt old hats pieces to the from Glue legumes, of other the and than any IWJSKEIS their taste is not so generally liked toms of flower vases to protect the finishbotof until one has become accustomed to it. the table.—Mrs. /. H., Pinto, Utah.

Lentils are prepared and cooked in To mend a pin prick or small hole in

The FRBSH 1941.STARTBREAKMSTLOMA LINDA FOOD CO. thetheysamerequiremannersomewhatas driedlesspeas,timethoughfor householdout, cover holerubberor teargloves,with turnfingernailthem polish,inside COPYRIGHT

cooking. allow to dry, repeat, and before dry, cover

The large dark variety is better with adhesive tape.-—Mrs. E. D., Cokeville,

half for then parboil put a hour and LOS soaked for a time previous to cooking, Wyo. ANGELES cracked eggs Wrap FHREMQ5T less to HDTEL orinto water, them make new twisting,k at end, then each inboil.—Mrs.waxed paper,A. G.

in color. less in flavor strong dark and A., Idaho. Bancroft, ALEXANDRIA

BARS: fBOMnuNM it is too

it in a KilO DOUBLEMHOLSOAR/UJt Recipes soft,Whentry mixingmaking aboiledlittle peanuticing andbutter lentils the Lentil and in Recognized Headquarters Utah it It will the Puree—Cook spreading before cake on Los Angeles for as pujust through pea a colander rub icing the also a delightful give thicken Director Managing V. SMITH, CLAYTON in ree. the Season, same and serve Leth touch U., to your of new Salt R. Formerly Lake City andcake.—/.

bridge. Alberta, manner. Canada.

.

When packing a cake to be sent off in SAYS ELSIE, THE BORDEN COW:

the mail, place cake in box to be shipped, and fill in around and on top of cake with freshly popped popcorn, lightly but firmly. This keeps the cake from beingcrushed and insures safe shipping.—Mrs. GRAND UTAH MILK-

V. /?., Yuma, Arizona.

When basting or making tailor tacks, some NOTHING REMOVED thread has a tendency to tangle or knot.

Avoid this by running the piece of threadbeing used down the side of a square of BUT WATER!

ordinary paraffin. A thin coating of wax

remains on the thread. E. J., Salt Lake

City, Utah. T. B. C.

HERE'S MILK with the Cache Valley freshness sealed right in the can. With almost half the water taken Sorxhn

out, and glorious sunshine Vitamin D added.jCpoWtonier

Here's Borden's Evaporated Milk!

By Barbara Badger Burnett Creamyrich for soups, sauces, and mashed potatoes.

Stuffed Cabbage Rolls Digestible for baby's formula. Many doctors recommend it. Try it today!

1 head cabbage ]/2 package spaghetti 1 pound ground beef 1 small onion, chopped

1 egg BORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILK salt and pepper 1 can cream of tomato soup If it's Borden's, it's got to be good!

Wash the cabbage and parboil in salted water until the leaves can be removed easily. Take off the leaves and drain.

Cook the spaghetti in boiling salted water until tender and drain. Brown the meat and

chopped onion together in a frying pan and season. Add the spaghetti and the egg,

beaten. Spread this mixture on the cabbage

leaves, roll up, and fasten with toothpicks.

Put in a baking dish. Pour over the tomatosoup, cover and bake in a moderate oven for TOPS in any recipe that calls for

one hour. finest quality eggs. Nutritious

Milk White Eggs are a "must"Corn Bisque in every diet because they are vital in elements that food tablespoons 4 fit. butter helprich keep Ask you for them flour 3 tablespoons

the They're best by name.

1 salt teaspoon buy. can you teaspoon pepper 34

12 cups evaporated milk 1 J/> cups water Milk White Eggs are used in all M. I. A.

1 x/i cups canned corn Cooking Schools \ x/l cups canned tomatoes Produced by 4 cloves Utah Poultry Producers'1 bay leaf Cooperative Association

Yl tablespoon sugar

Melt the butter in a double boiler and blend in the flour and the seasonings.

Gradually add the milk and water, stirring constantly until smooth paste is formed, then stir in remainder. Add the corn, cover and

cook ten minutes. Cook the tomatoes,

cloves, bay leaf, and sugar together five minutes. Strain, reheat and add slowly to BmmiGATION at mixture. Servethe milk once. -DELICIOUSALL AND FARtiVIICHMG M Broiled Baked Bean Sandwiches

Fast TloiiVtoL ChwUL Work at Low Cost, slice one sandwich for each Toast a of PIMENTO with MARTIN iSUbread. spoonful of Place a heaping oven 2 V-Type, goosenecks, detachable CHEDDAR AGED cleans cuts and slice, then spread on eachbaked beans

ditches ponds, and makesall kindslevees,of DUTCH half cheese. with pimentoover beans Top finest LUNCH edges,builds

slices of bacon. Broil slowly until bacon *.Terraces

is crisp and cheese melted. Arrange on saves moisture, stops fertilizer loss.

FlatBottom 2-Way Plowingplate and garnish with fresh cucumber EW!Ditcher, easiest adjustment

pickles. for width and depth. Pointed

Peach Meringues share throwson singledirttrip.bothCatalogways

FREE.

OWENSBORO 2-WayFlatDitcherBottom well eight peach large canned Drain DITCHERCO.. Inc. & GRADER

halves. pan, Place baking in a shallow Kentucky Box 07 Owensboro,

then fill the center currant with of each Retailer's ICE BOX MOUNTAIN jelly. half with merCover each peach Ogden, STATESUtah—DistributorsIMPLEMENT CO.

{Concluded on page 164)

You'd never guess Add the boiling water to the gelatin and Cook's Corner stir until dissolved. Add th cold water

{Concluded [com page 163) and chill until it begins to set. Whip the

the with cream and mix mayonnaise. Fold

it ingue, pressing well out to to the edges this soup wasn't the gelatin into celery, the mixture. Add jelly, seal in the then sprinkle with coconut. cheese. the sides avocados and Line of a Bake slow fifteen in a (325 degrees) oven tips, ring with asparagus cooked mold pour

minutes. chill in firm. until the salad mixture and homemade lettuce on and garnish with toUnmold

pickles. sweet Meringue matoes and

Beat until stiff two egg whites. Add

gradually four tablespoons sugar. Add any Sugar Cookies

desired flavoring. 3 cups flour

1 teaspoon baking powder Sunday Night Salad \14 teaspoon salt sugar cups 2 flavored gelatin 134 lemon packages 1 shortening cup 132 boiling cups water 3 eggs cold 132 cups water 1 vanilla teaspoon 1 whipping cream cup Y2 cup mayonnaise Sift dry ingredients; add shortening mix-

1 cup chopped celery ing with a fork. Add unbeaten eggs and

2 avocados chopped flovoring. Roll out very thin, and cut with

1 cup mild cheese cut in small cubes a cookie cutter. Sprinkle with sugar and

asparagus tips, tomatoes, sweet pickles, bake on a greased baking sheet at 375 lettuce degrees for ten minutes.

UNCONQUERED

{Concluded [com page 152) bit in all directions, but never where day if you have to, but be there when the Mexican was. They saw the

he comes."saddle placed on the long back, and

just as they rode up saw the Mexican ease himself into it, unmindful of

That's because RANCHO LJad waited some hours. them. When the blind was raised

Finally he saw a streak of dust comnever had they seen such wicked

VEGETABLE SOUP is ing down Elderberry ridge. Only bucking or such magnificent riding

three horses remained of the band, as they now witnessed. Suddenly

simmered for hours on end and these the Mexican was pushing the stallion threw up its head, looked limit. to stallion their leadThe was started around, the toward ranch and in vegetables use VegRancho we The ing, the then wild mare, and came like a animal. saddle wellbroken are etable to something behold! Soup trailing yearling. her Past came smiling Mexican now. The was peas, carrots, tender Plump, golden baby they went. Mexican Dad The patting leaned forward was and He vegetables to other grow. you'd be proud tired off horse, the threw jumped stallion the neck, quick the when, on ingredients other choice are These and his fresh one, the placed saddle on its flash that as shot animal a head together to a according blended famous in his stirrup foot the horse the and to rider's side the one and grasped for old simmered Western and recipe—like the as the wind, running was ironlike pair ankle of a jaws. with hours hours! That's and why Rancho rider that a grasped a hand waved small of the took Mexican The end is tastthe Vegetable Soup homemadest lariat, said, coiled graand "Muchas his quirt heavy, loaded with the and that palate. ing tickled ever a soup cias, amigo,"its the animal over end pounded

Dad followed down Juniper ridge, head. They were close enough to

a long grasscovered slope that consee the white of that upturned eye nected two mountain ranges. He as the rider tried different ways toRANCHO SOUPS saw a rider coming up this ridge. release his leg. All failed. Great

Made from top quality Western produce, blended to It was the foreman. Then he saw drops of perspiration ran down the

favorite old Western recipes, simmered for hours, the Mexican swinging a wide loop; Mexican's face. The pain was inall amazingly low priced. saw it snake out and settle true; saw tense as slowly the muscles were

Chicken Gumbo Vegetable Tomato Cream of the welltrained saddle animal ease being torn from the bones. The

Mushroom Chicken Noodle Pea Asparagus back on the rope; saw the Mexican foreman rode up in an effort to help

jump off with his other lariat; saw but was met with two flying hind

PACKED the stallion charge him, coming with feet and two striking front ones. He

UNDER CONTINUOUS ears into face. front feet looked open back, mouth and the Mexican's Saw

INSPECTION OF THE striking. that glad saddle suffered as the rider a look of agony He was AGRICULTURAL

MARKETING SERVICE horse understood his business. He on in silence. Slowly the foreman

0FTHEU.S.DEPT.0F saw the Mexican swing a loop and drew his revolver, took careful aim

AGRICULTURE saw those striking front feet encirat that white eye and pressed the

RANCHO cled, saw the stallion thrown to the trigger.

ground. 'Tol'y'u never could git best o'

The foreman had ridden up and a'animal with long neck, twitchin', in his joined p'inted ears, showin'an'white Together Dad. they watched SOUPS the eyes,"as they place a hackamore and Dad's Mexican comment was

that blind the stallion. >NStr.TlQMOIuftOincaiinNLiouSfutmcuiiuau(Ml a horse freed the the anifrom Mexican on When

Uitiulu* mal was let up, it struck, kicked, and had died unconquered.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

TO UTAH FARMERS

The 4 Lane children, left to right: Lora, 17; Lola,

12; Bill, 10; Robert, 3

Why the lane family came

Cheerful Mrs.

Lane, busy SACK mother of four 70mFARM was raised on a farm not far from here,"

I Mr. Lane told me, "but when I was

offered a job with an ice company in Dallas

I took it. I made good wages but with four

children we just broke even. Then too, we

all missed the freedom of the country. A

few years ago we came back to this farm.

The family all turned in and helped. My

city training, in business, has helped me keep accurate check on how much we take in and how much we spend.

"Blackeye peas are a 3-way crop. You C. F. Lane, a typical tall, bronzed Texan, has about 90 acres in blackeye peas at Cayuga, Texas

sell 'em green, mostly to the cannery, or dried, Cortez Boatner. Safeway manager at Athens,

Texas, buys garden produce and blackeye peas and leftovers you let the from the Lanes. "Safeway often takes as much as

hogs harvest. In a good 300 pounds a day of my green peas,"Mr. Lane

season I'll average, per told me. "We buy all our groceries at Safeway

like quality the is price always and the right. Weacre, 2000 pounds of but hogs I could butcher get. own foods my we

green peas and 1000 I'd rather sell them and take the money. Then we

pounds of dry. After my can buy hog products, and other items, exactly

peas are picked I have when and in the amounts we want from Safeway"enough feed left to grow "Safeway and the other chains haveout about 100 hogs—been a big help to us pea growers,"

I finish them on corn up said Mr. Lane. "They sell green, dry

and canned peas in enough volume to 220 pounds apiece."to help stabilize the market. And BlACKEYi

Safeway ads help promote the old

Southern custom of eating blackeye Safeway

Told to Your peas on New Year's Day for 'luck.'

Safeway Farm Reporter Such advertising moves a lot of canned and dry blackeye peas". ),

TWO SURE WAYS A CENTURY OF GOOD WORKS

(Continued from page 141 A few excerpts from the Prophet's interesting and illuTO PERK UP LAZY visitingPackard,teachers'later a membergroup—theof theNecesfirst instructionsminating: are

sity committee. We see Sarah M.

it is natures; to for natural your females ElizabethMORNING APPETITES Cleveland,frank, generoushearted and This charitable society is according to and Ann Whitney,

charity. feelings are of now You spiritualminded, chosen have gentle and placed act in a situation where can you

as counselors; as secretary, Eliza R. according to these sympathies which God

Snow, the lovely poetess and scholar has planted in your bosoms. If you live

principles, to these great and up how the society; of later second president

glorious. to society is not only

secretary, assistant Phoebe as M.

.. relieve souls. to but save the.. poor. This

Wheeler, who became a valued memYou should be armed aways with mercy..

ber of the Necessity committee, and If you would have God have mercy on you, pure another. have on mercy one Be... at donated meeting her new one who

... in heart. injure the character not Do as calico to a dress woman; needy

... all of sacred. characters hold anyone

) treasurer, Elvira ( Holmes Coles A.

Just you watch lazy morning appetites sit up who when her husband joined the So devoted to this new and interand take notice when you serve famous Albers Mormon Battalion went on across esting organization was the Prophet, hot cereals for breakfast! They're delicious as the plains alone with her wagon, and so anxious for its success and

all get out—and awfully good for everyone. oxen, and cow. Then there were development, that he kept a close

sake, serve later secretaryFor variety's first one and then the Sarah M. Kimball, visited the over watch it and

..other. For example sufboard, and great the central of that first frequently during meetings

frage leader in Utah; Bathsheba W. difficult year. His successors in ofSmith, who became the fourth presifice and the whole Priesthood gendent of the society, and was then the erally have followed his worthy exall, barely twenty. ample in both their appreciation and Q youngest of them

follows: Phoebe were as Others he of the which their support work

Elizabeth Jones, Hawkes, Serve Albers Oats Ann the for of the Philinaugurated women

Church. several times a week indason wereMerrick,killed atwhoseHaun'shusbandMill, Marand

this cengreat All through down family with her Knight, who either improvedNew, Oats—dis- a of invention century and to the tury, liberally contributed the hadtha firm or FashionedQuick Old up Alberskind—cooks displacecovery, with changes and FulKirtland Desdemona Temple, brand creamywhite, has and aand smooth

new delicious flavor, is a rich natural source mer, formerly of Kirtland, and ment in the social and economic orofVitamin Bi (the allimportant "nerve"and who had experienced the tragder, the Relief Society which every "digestion"vitamin), contains a generous edy of Haun's Mill Massacre; Latterday Saint has come to know

share of bodybuilding minerals. Margaret A. Cook, Sophia Robinso well, has functioned efficiently

son, Leonora Taylor, wife of John on the broad and comprehensive

Taylor, third president of the foundation laid down by the Prophet.

Church, and Sophia R. Marks In each period it has adjusted its

the specific needs to meet program the charter memcomprising—all the years of that period. Through the After of the society. bers

trials and tribulations in Nauvoo, Serve Albers Carnation officers were chosen, the name of of great plains, and through the society was decided upon—-"Feand on the

of pioneering and developRolled Wheat on the male Relief Society of Nauvoo,"and the years the society was declared organized. ment in the arid and untamed West, other days it was there to succor and comfort,

it hasMeltin-yourmouth Albers Carnation Rolled HThe charity fund was started at and in days of prosperity

Wheat is made from finest California Sonora this first meeting by the Prophet worked to the end that all might be wheat, cooks up just right in exactly three himself, who contributed five dollars partakers.

minutes, contains 50% more Vitamin Bx than and stated that in the future his gifts The work has been in the nature the whole wheat from which it's made because to charity would be made through of applied Christianity. No legitiAlbers adds half as much again of this allthis organization. Organized relief mate call for aid has ever been igimportant pepup vitamin. was thus initiated by him, and has nored. No worthy hand has ever

been in operation through the enbeen stretched out to them but what tire history of the society. His plan succor was forthcoming.

its to addition In direct assignfor the society included welfare Albers society intellectual the out in has reached ment and and spiritual "Carnation work,:

development. The welfare work broad humanitarian fields. It has

was to consist not only of individual fostered industry and stored grain helpfulness and betterment, but also for times of need; it has helped proof mass betterment, not only of divide educational and recreational

lUlGKOATS rect assistance to the sick and needy, needs for communities; it has interof constructive WHEAT butfor the whole community—allpreventive toworkbe estedhas haditselfforin socialits directlegislationobjectwhichthe

considered and carried out intellibenefit of humanity; it has joined

gently with tenderness, sympathy, hands with other great national and SAVE THE EXTRAVALUE and love, and in the spirit of the international organizations in the inALBERS PREMIUM COUPONS gospel. terest of suffrage, temperance, peace,

A Century of Good Works and rehabilitation in times of war and disaster.

This month commemorates the one hundredth birthday of the Relief Society. Original plans included

local celebrations on March 1 7, with the planting of centennial trees on chapel grounds, and a general celebration in the great Tabernacle in

Salt Lake City as a part of the general Relief Society conference. The

latter was to consist of a pageant, a

Singing Mother's concert, and the dedication of a permanent memorial in the form of a campanile, or bell tower, on Temple Square to house the famous Nauvoo Temple bell.

Due to the war emergency the general celebration as well as the stake celebrations have been postponed.

Ward and branch observances, however, will be carried on throughout the Church. Plans are going forward for construction of the campanile.

Although the Relief Society is a small organization compared with many other great national organizations of women in this country, someof which are from two to ten times BECAUSE HE SHOULD LEARN TO its size, it is second to none in the ability of in the YET of its cause,nature CWWAS EARLY AS POSSIBLE—unitedly and to workits members

unselfishly in that cause, and in theirunbounded faith and loyalty to one MOST ADULT FOODS ARE TOO

Church. theanother and to

not has The society only aided its COARSE AND HIGHLY SEASONED!

own members and enriched their lives, but it has helped countless thousands who have looked to the HELP bridge the important gap You can be confident of the outorganization for encouragement and TObetween strained foods and famstanding quality of these products, enlightenment as well as for pracily meals, Heinz carefully prepares because they bear the famous 57 Seal tical help. With the inspiration of 12 Junior Foods... prepared accordthat backs Heinz Strained Foods.

the gospel and the support of the ing to special recipes and diced or And they have received the Seal of

Priesthood it has been a shining light chopped to promote chewing. VitaAcceptance of the American Medupon a hill, shedding its beneficent mins and minerals are retained in ical Association's Council on Foods!

rays upon all who come within their high degree, and only mild seasonServe your baby delicious, unreach. ing is used... no spices. strained Heinz Junior Foods!

12 KINDS—Chicken Farina Vegetable Porridge with Milk, Wheat Germ and Yeast Lamb and

Liver Stew with Milk and Cereals Creamed Tomato and Rice with Vegetables and Whey

Yeast Rice and with Vegetables Diced Vegetables Creamed Green Creamed

Spinach Beans* Chopped Green Vegetables ChoppedIn Memoriam PowderConcentrate Mixed Chopped (Concluded from, page 146) Chopped Carrots Pineapple Rice Pudding Prune Pudding Apple, Fig and Date Dessert.

to the American to be submitted

Foods. Council onHe loved peace fervently, and the Prince of *NewMedicalproduct—Association's

Peace; Like David's soul in youth, attuned to song; Of earth's nobility, his life he held in lease,

To serve but Him to whom it doth belong.

God bless his memory, and grant that we -: MEDICAL*5SN.!|-':

May have the strength sufficient for our day, That justice, peace, good faith, and liberty HEINZ

May be restored. My soul, arise, and seek the way! Junior Foods (5

Clarence S. Jarvis, THESE TWO SEALS MEAN PROTECTION FOR

Major, Engineers Reserve, United States Army.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE On the Book Rack Food Facts 1481 STATE SOUTH (Concluded page 155) from OUTSTANDING LAKE'S SALT MOTOR (Concluded page 156) from COURT in find invaluable will of teachers youth Modern and New a. of consumption meat meat and The the future courato face help order youth in Air Conditioned StrictlySummer—Automaticincreased. products not be must sections, in Furnin such geously. seven Arranged ally Heated Winter—Beautifully fish b. of should consumption be The Floors Colored Carpeted and With ished as: general Facing Tomorrow's headings

for Tile increased, of national partly reasons Radios Showers,

Self, Art Building a Complete The World, BEST FreeHOTELS—THE BETTER THAN it is onefifth present economy. about At

to Faith Live of Selfmastery, Finding a LESS FOR that of meat. of

will indicate the other headings By, and c. should con- a There more be abundant

this quotations of volume. usability The of products. milk milk sumption and

in of the from included book come many d. of consumption bread poThe and AT YOUR., PANTRY thinkers, philosophers, leading the and STOCK tatoes increased. should be

there e. Likewise, should increased be

fruits. of vegetables PRESENT business men of our day. M. C. /. consumption and

question of vitamins assumes The a poPRICES YOURSOCIALBESTUSAGEFOOTFORFORWARD;YOUNG sition... of in relation preeminent importance

MODERNS to the problem of increasing efficiency.

(Dorothy Stratton and Helen Schleman. Since increased efficiency is predicated on

McGrawHill. Illustrated by Alice increased metabolism and oxidation, the con-

O'Connor. 264 pages. $2.00.) sequent consumption of increased quantities

of vitamins Reitschel's be insured. must etipractical, of everyday book This preferring is suggestion of natural vitamins

to youth's every quette answer... far as possible. as accepted

in shall right thing query: I do the "Howis an

the correct way?"From a carefully planned Following a study of fatiguecreating

throughstudents sent questionnaire to many it contains answers the country, out from plasmicsubstances,poisonsthe hasdailybeenintakereducedof allto aprotomini- them on everyday problems. Such chapmum, including the consumption of nicoters as "Introductions"; "Techniques for the tine, alcohol, tea, and hot spices, as well as

Table"; "Dining in Hotels and Restaurexcessive metabolic stimulation from proants"; "In Public Places"; "Dates"; "Travtein overfeeding. It is well known that

el,"and "Personal Appearance"are some alcohol must not be used for those particiwhich will be of special interest. Fascipating in sports and this also applies to a

nating reading, it is written for all of us much greater extent in war maneuvers which who want to be liked, who want friends, tax all body organs to the utmost.

the security comes which want and who preference of the The for German army things"to from do "nice knowing how nutrition in a a vegetarian resulted inhas in "nice way."G. M. creased efficiency of the soldiers so nourWINDSWEPT ished. (Mary Ellen Chase. Macmillan ComAt the conclusion of this report Dr.

pany, New York, 1941. 440 pages. $2.75.) Pettit comments: MORALE

is the rare commentary a on book This disapprove the morals may oband BUILDERS... We life replete of with today, American

jectives the of their German but army not strength, quiet stemming rugged and charm it efficiency. Is this that possible will war in the story the locale which from Maine the teach the world of Word Wisdom? of philosthe quietude occurs. very The

ophy which held the characters, even in the face of lashing storms, satisfies a need for today when inner security must replace the land. Told in the first person by a younger

vanished peace of the world. member of this family, the incidents gain a

is of authors of the great one Miss Chase firsthand realism that will do much DELICIOUS tells fact a that she the from day, both our create a sympathetic understanding of this of her the saneness story well from and section of the States. United

addition, brings to her In philosophy. she PINK to and GOLD All that reading reading should

that of the continuity of all readers sense a ASSORTMENT is be an experience Creek Onis goodToublesome is life, situin of external regardless good experience.- indeed an /. M. C. ations. C. M. J.

LOOKING BACKWARD AUTUMN LEAVES (Winnifred Morris Tibbs. 1941. 63 pages.) (Edward Bellamy. Houghton Mifflin

Company, Boston, 1941 Reprint.

THIS collection of poems is remarkable for 276 pages. $2.50.)

many reasons. Chief among them is

thatsketch—allit includeswrittensixtyfourafter the poemsauthor'sandeightione Althoughin 1887, thisthe bookinterestwashasfirstbeenpublishedgreat

eth birthday. enough to call for many new editions and

1-2-3 5 in Packed and Pound Boxes stratedIn thesethe wisdompoems, theof keepingauthor hasalertdemonto the reprints.with the worldThe subjectof tomorrowmatterin which2000 A.dealsD. All at (For Sale Dealers)

matter of living and of being keen to recogis of perennial interest since it deals with nize permanent values. that wonderful land of nowhere, Utopia. We commend this slender volume of Into the book, in addition to a delightful *

verse to those who like poetry. M. C. J. love story, goes the philosophy which would

make man rise to his full stature and nations

of the people for whom and by whom Still. Press, Viking (James New York good orrot instituted. we ON TROUBLESOME CREEK attain the measure of their creation: the they are pages. 1941. $2.50.) City, 190 A COMPLETE

or learned not about Bellamy Whether SERVICE ENGRAVING is venture City in Brigham Mormon Missionary From is is that he important Portraits to the Largest Thisto collectionreconstructof theshortSouthstoriesof doesKentuckymuch theunimportant; what Catalogues

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention folk. Although each story is complete in has achieved a book that has justifiably

tells its itself, stories of the the of time in popularity from the endured combination CO. ENGRAVING UTAH until these first publication tale of of in 1887 Kentuckians family one Utah 113 Salt Lake City, Regent St.

bit left of farming get a the C. mine to J. who—M.1942.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942 \\ How Shall I Plant My Garden?'\ff %3W

(Concluded from page 153) Rough on Dirt!

and placed more carefully than trees and shrubs. The mere fact.... but, oh, so gentlethat they are costly and more difficult to grow, puts them in a class are with clothes! Evergreensby themselves.

definite in habit, texture, and color, Perhaps it IS hard to believe that a soap so giving quick effect and, after they rough on dirt can be so gentle with delicate are established, remain the same in fabrics and colors. But it's true of PARI Try

the landscape at all seasons other it. See for yourself.

than the increase in height and You'll Like spread. Polka Dot, Easy on Your Hands, Also

factor Another important in Too Blended of carefully chosen ingredients. Parbeautifying the garden will be

it actually Try Par.hedging. No matter where you PolkamodernDot bluing.is the ishelpsnot keeponly EASYthem smoothon the handsand white....

are, it will in the city or suburb, with you use You right the See for yourself. in soapsee fine opportunities for the use

of hedging. The low formal hedge washerBlues whileor tub.you Get PAR and Polka Dot at Grocers

bounding the planting areas and the wash.

garden path, or establishing the lines and patterns of garden design;

the tall hedge for screening purposes; and the flowering hedge, all

contribute their bit toward the beauIt tastes so good**, and it'sty of the garden.

Who does not love a fine planted perennial flower garden that brings so good for you!myriad colors, profusion of blooms,

cut flowers from April to fall, and Enjoy the natural, substantial, realbread flavor of Royal to the yard? brightnessgeneral

ENRICHED Bread... and enjoy also its extra nutritive qualfor the pleasyearnsEvery woman

ure of going into her own yard and ities provided by the added vitamins and iron. Specify

picking a bouquet to brighten the Royal ENRICHED Bread at your grocer's.

interior of her home. This is one

of the simplest forms of planting, and yet one of the most grossly wmhneglected. FI NE =

We must understand that a garIMeaD den is a designated area where man and nature are in harmony in ROYAL BAKING COMPANY for the enjoythe arrangement Salt Lake and Ogden Every... Fresh Day withof mankind.ment A garden Grocer's American at Your 100% Homeowned—100%

out man to enjoy it becomes an inanimate area comparable to a deserted village. Never is a garden

so lovely as when the sun is just IPSE For OVER FIFTY YEARS slipping below the horizon, with the Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Learn Beauty changing light illuminating each sore throat and other minor mouth Culture the Sucflower for a few minutes to produce and throat irritations. cessful Way

effect the during day. seen neveran training Quish jX *

provbeen has twilight, flowers the ourWith 18 years en by Hall's Canker of Remedy operation into nothingness,gradually recede thousands and East 2nd Lake City, Utah So.—at Salt successful of still linger, for thenbut we

It our;*SkX3<k3k><3K><3K><S><>0<><3<*3k536 graduates.

garden is all peace and tranquility. pays to get the

best. PRINTING alert, for the are senses overOur thisSPECIAL! ad) (With catalogue Mail free for coupon

$2.50 6x9 Handbills, is the of fragrancegarden wafted "3.50 5001M Culture of Beauty School Quish "8.50 flowers. also,certain the 5M Then City So. 338 Salt Lake Main St.

Tickets, and other Programs prices on Special Name distill theirpetunias heliotropes Organizations. for and printing Church Address

City State all thesefragrance. us gave God

beautiful for things enjoyment. our 25 EastHOVEYNorth Temple—SaltPRESSLake—Phone 3-0276

illlelchizedelfPriesthood

BY PRIESTHOOD CONDUCTED SMITH, COMMITTEE FIELDING THE MELCHIZEDEK COUNCIL OF THE OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH

B. Q. A. CALLIS, F. MERRILL, SYLVESTER CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH LEE JOHN CANNON, AND HAROLD

To Presidents of Stakes number of members absent from quojurisdiction the these and number of and Priesthood Quorums rum NO LIQUORTOBACCO quarter. the heard These from during

February 4, 1942 questions touch a matter considered COLUMN

To Presidents of Stakes very important.

and Priesthood Quorums A quorum is composed of a number A Hard and Delicate Job together of should be bound men who a informed: were by Decently we Brethren Dear ties interest, fellowship, of mutual by

it is president that a quorum "hard love. friendship, brotherly and The requests been received have Aany delicate job"liquorcarry the to and wellshould to be analogous quorum a that asking the lessons [or the tobacco to addict campaign "the an by family, of ordered every which member Priesthood Melchizedek quorums based it personal contact"Certainly method. is in wellbeing interested deeply the the the upon "Teachings Prophet of is, this in as of everyone engaged type stands other of every member, and to be a Joseph cover extended Smith"the knows. to succeed camwork And to anything ready adto necessary do course. twoyear all paigner tact, the remust employ minister the of to other needs members. this considering duly matter After sourcefulness, and he can comwisdom In family these conditions any where the Authorities this that Church feel his at job mand. challenges So him exist absent long could be no member is request should granted. be There turn. the every hearing without from home. And in material the lessons preample now this the heartening thing But about of said should and be same a quorum to pared cover a course years two of it is It job that can done. been has be absentee members. with advantage. added this is done, being proved was and

lessons in are published adAs the in efforts lead Parents to keep priest in proved of by the high quorum it vance Era,"Improvement in "The ts touch children home. with away from (See 1941, Ogden Stake. December,

suggested that the lessons appearing in Quorum officers are responsible for inThe Improvement Era, p. 746.)

the February number be followed as in itiating of keeping and means ways is the "personal contact"methWhy outlined division the lessons and the of absentees. touch with This is an imso persistently are urged? od There

will April in the appear for numMarch portant duty never be and should negseveral reasons which among are: ( 1 ber (see will pages 172) 171 and and lected. with be neglected It cannot Experience personal contact shows

to continue is so published be through propriety. welfare of every The boy usually effective the most way of se1942 the years 1943. and in or elsein defense works the army or if curing personal especially response

Very respectfully, where should be a vital concern to the the response is difficult to make. (2)

It is the timehonored successand most THE COUNCIL OF THE thequorumofficersof whichdo theirhe dutyis a member.and see thatLet ful missionary method. Hence TWELVE APOSTLES effective means are set up to keep in quorum members are practiced inmanythe

By Rudger Clawson touch with absentees. Their welfare, method. (3) It puts the worker up

President the obligations of the quorum to them, against a real situation and enables him and fellowship proprieties require this to vary his technique to suit the perHandbooks Available to be done. sonality and conditions of the addict.

So again the request is earnestly made ( 4 ) It is a nearat-hand and practically 1UUrE have reason to believe that many that every absentee from quorum juristhe only effective method that will sucquorum officers have wanted a diction during the quarter be treated as ceed in this campaign.

brief handbook that outlined their du- a dear brother and officially contacted Talking on the evils of liquor and ties. We are pleased to announce that by correspondence or otherwise by an tobacco in quorum and public meetings such a book is now available. It is a appointed representatives of the quorarely reaches the ears of addicts—they

reprint of the article by Elder Joseph rum. are not present. Should any happen

Fielding Smith in the Melchizedek to be present he would probably be

Priesthood department of the February embarrassed and would not return. So

Era entitled "The Holy Priesthood and Can You Beat It far as he is concerned "the talk"did the Responsibilities of all Who Hold more harm than good. Hence the

. It."Copies of the booklet will be sent A ccording to the fourth quarter, 1941, worker, we repeat, must be wise, tactfree of charge to all officers who apply report of the fiftysecond quorum ful, resourceful, and prayerful. He

for it. of seventy in Malad Stake the membermust be persistent, and proof against

will discouragement. His be reward suggest that However, chairthe we ninetynine ship achieved percent

in in the satisfaction his seeing converts of the stake man PriestMelchizedek activity, these four respects: Church that they proud and behappy have committee hood determine the number fast offerings, of abstinence free enslaving from come expensive and in his needed stake this payment for send and

number to the from liquor and tobacco, and observance habits.

Melchizedek Priesthood Committee of the word of wisdom. These figures

47 East South Temple Street show what an active and capable leadThe Gene Tunney Article

Salt ership do. City, can Lake Utah

article entitled 'T'he Gene Tunney receipt the of the order On booklets also report are to pleased very "Nicotine We or the Knockout Slow will be to promptly mailed him for disin this that the attendcolumn average printed Count,"in the 1942, January, tribution.

ance of quorum members at weekly Era was reprinted in folder form and meetings during the quarter was given will be sent free on request to stake

Keep in Touch with as sixty percent. chairman, ward bishops, and other reAbsentees sponsible parties for distribution among

Heartiest congratulations to the fiftythose who are likely to profit by its uestions 11 and 12 on recent quarsecond quorum! Keep up your good reading. This article has excited aQ terly report forms ask for the work. good deal of favorable comment. It

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD is especially interesting to boys and Utah Consumption Figures young men. Paid for 1939 1940 1941

Also the article "Shall Women Smoke?"was very popular, and created Cigarettes $ 2,823,383 $ 2,933,188 $ 2,893,942

a demand for fiftyfive thousand reBeer -.. 4,090,464 4,073,061 3,910,030

prints. Young women and mothers Hard Liquor 3,966,035 4,302,048 4,568,081)

in interested reading especiallywere

Total: $10,879,882 $11,318,297 $11,372,052

is obtainable It likewisethe article.

without charge for distribution by responsible persons.

Interest Growing Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, April, 1942

Tnterest in the No LiquorTobacco Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

campaign is growing, especially among the Priesthood quorums. The LESSON 11 3. All ordinances necessary for the dead

officers of these quorums are respondSalvation for the Dead (331, 308) to before evering actively than more a. of salvation obtainable Fulness only the Prophet Teachings Joseph Read of

all that Firstthe ordinances Presidency with the of compliance the request by 179, 160, 191. 180, 107, 193, Smith, 201, pp. b. to person highest exalted the their Any an addict to carrythey members 220, 219, 260, 310, 222, 223, 308, 326, 321,

celesthe abide mansion must whole abstainers. total toappeal become 330331, 355356, 337338, 362, 363, 366;

tial (331; 131:1-4) Doc. law Cov. 6 is contact the personal method 1-18, 128: 127:5-9;Hence 131 22, 24; Doc. Cov. & c. temple canordinances Without we I I 1-4; the 3:1821, 4:6. Peter in 15:29; real Cor. operationat last among celestial obtain thrones not (362)

adult real progressquorums. among So d. the all 1. dead Proxies orthe to through gospel must go The

users is now being made. a. God deals with all the human family dinances for each one of the dead, the

equally (219, 222) same as for themselves (363)

The Cost of Liquor and Tobacco b. Plan for redemption of dead approved e. The sealing of fathers and children

HpHE following official figures indicate &beforeCov.the128:5,world22)was made (220; Doc. f.. Saviors(321, 337338,on Mount330, 356)Zion (191, 223, * the challenge to our liquortobacco c. This doctrine proves the wisdom and 330)

abstinence campaign in Utah. We mercy of God (193) 4. The time is limited (330)

again present these informative figures, ( 1 ) It is consistent and reasonable a. Hasten the work in the temple (326;

Doc. 127:4) Cov. & (180) years recent duringas have done we

baptized should d. time improve our be and for by b. dead may The Wein the of Improvenumber The March use sealing of the 179, living while proxies (201, 222) make powers Control Liquor State Era.ment The earth ordinances be administered on e. Other may

commission furnish the figures for hard for the dead (331) c. Not too much time before the wicked

liquor and the tax commission those f. All who died without a knowledge of will be smitten

for cigaretes and beer. Amounts paid the gospel who would have received d. Saints should go to with all their

for cigars and other forms of tobacco it had they been permitted to tarry might (330331) (not taxed in Utah) are not included. shall be heirs of the celestial kingdom e. Our greatest responsibility—to seek

after our (355356) dead (107) they figures because give these We the spirits records 5. Accurate in prison to be Christ preached must (Doc. kept g. & in challengeindicate the our thrown

1 127:5-9; 128:1-18, 22, Cov. 3:1821; Peter 4:6) (219; 24)

interests; liquortobacco thefaces by a. orscrip- Recorder the of the h. be present must doctrine burden This when

and according to the figures, our camtures dinances for the dead administered paign during the last four years has i. Hearts of the children to turn to their (260)

not materially changed these figures. fathers (160) b. Must be eye and ear witnesses to the

for fact ordinances j. Saints certainly who neglect doneHave we any good—we

imperil their kindred their deceased (1) Baptisms for the dead (and other ourhave. campaign Our has made

ordinances) must salvation recorded be (193) own fact that the of the consciouspeople and witnessed Spirits of righteous Church members to k. revealed right whenLord was He effective testified Ordinances to must a more be door (2) up open go

the Prophet that liquor and tobacco for the dead (326) by competent witnesses in theto are not good for man. But our cam- 2. Baptism for the dead grand council

paign is not ended, it cannot end until a. When first taught in modern times (3) If evidence lacking the dead may

all addicts who hold the Priesthood in (179) not come forth vicarious baptisms on b. Teachings total abstainers. Furthe are Church Discuss (191, 201) it untilther, trementhe not can end 1. to revelation Present evidence from

( the before of foundation Decreed 1 ) that ceases, expensivedously campaign of the for that the salvation plan dead show the world 356; (308, Doc. Cov. & to preordained preapproved. interests carry andliquortobacco on was 128:5)

is 2. the the dead promamong whom To land. the the slaves of of youthmake of 15: (1 Paul Cor. Teachings (2)

ise salvation of extended? course, view point of our from Of 29)

3. historical eviscriptural and Quote in for the and spent tobacco smoking Taught Testament (3)money New forfor the that dead dences baptism was (179, is 310) foolishlyalcoholic wastbeverages practiced. merly Practiced Marchionites by (4) (222)ed. 4. fulness of salvation that can Explain a Responsibility of (5) Jews (222) figures: hasten But, are here the all be with compliance only obtained by We act Living as for the agents (6) may are figures thatto the these ordinances. though say (201, dead 366)

is 5. the for such dead of an work Wliylarge capita consumption per the Saints for be baptized (7) dead may duty? urgent in alcoholic beveragestobacco and relatives (179)

is all other less for nearly than (a)Utah they believe would Whom 13 LESSON figembraced have in union. thestates the the gospel However, Salvation Exaltation and for

it (b) received in have the reflect large Who entirely areures too and Little Children spirit world is itunfavorably because Utah, upon in the c. Baptisms Mississippi the River Teachings Prophet Joseph Read of for state; those socalleda Mormon

107, (193) Smith, 196197, 314, 368; Doc. pp. & respectively, 1940,the years 1939 and d. in the Baptisms font temple 20:71; 29:4647; 74:7; 68:27; 93:38; Cov. (201)

in the for years.or calendar Those 8:9-23; Hist, Moroni the Doc. Church of

third column for the fiscal year 1941 LESSON 12 IV: 556557.

which ended June 30. Salvation for the Dead (Continued) (Concluded on page 172)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

Qwultl (hmsL li/wui Jvul&jUjIsl $Aojup SiwcU&A. "JIml QmpuwvsmsunL acl//

By Clark M. Wood, Fireside Supervisor, Seattle, Washington

rT'he Improvement Era brings the voice of the prophet of God to His people, advising them, encouraging them, and strengthening them in their faith and their daily walks of life. It

is a current vitalizing testimony of truth to all who come within its influence. It is the official organ of the

Priesthood. Therefore, that we may

be better informed on the word of

God; that we may draw nearer to our

leaders and understand their message and sustain them in their office; that

we may be fully informed on the affairs and progress of the Church, we have chosen The Improvement Era as a course of study for our Fireside each

Sunday night.

We, as young people are vitally interested in the current happenings of the Church and have unanimously and enthusiastically selected the Era to keep us informed in this regard. Two and

a half years ago we organized our Fireside group. At that time we attempted

toM coordinateMen and Gleanerall the youngage underpeopleoneof unit and since that time have been working to perfect such a program.

Our success has been very encouraging. At that time it was unusual if we

ever had more than eight or ten to any of the auxiliary meetings, but by concentrating on a program that apTHE GROUP SHOWN, WHICH INCLUDES SEVERAL MISSIONARIES, IS TYPICAL OF THE YOUNG GROUPS pealed to all young people in our ward WITHPROFESSIONALWHICH WEPEOPLEARE WORKING,OF MIDDLE INTRODUCINGCLASS, AND OURHAVE M.SHOWNI. A. INTERESTPROGRAMS.FORMANYOUR ARETEACHINGS.YOUNG

we have gradually increased our Fireside attendance to between sixty and able to them. They are happy for the after sacrament meeting in the ward

seventyfive, the M Men and Gleaners opportunity of participating personally chapel. We have tried to hold it in

class from sixty to seventy and in the whenever possible. homes but our group is too large. Our

missionary class (Gospel Message) Next to our interest in the gospel bishop has given us the use of a large each Sunday we have a regular attendwe are interested in each other. A basement room which we are reance of from seventy to one hundred. young man or woman hungers for decorating and furnishing to present a

These attendance figures may not at friendship and companionship. Therecozy, homey atmosphere.

first appear unusual, but when you confore, that no young person coming into Recently we had the unusual pleassider that our ward has a membership our ward will feel friendless or loneure of having J. Spencer Cornwall, W.

of only 360, such a group of young peosome we have a "Get Acquainted Com- O. Robinson and Lucy Grant Cannon of

ple is unusual. mittee"who singles them out, introthe M. I. A. General Board drop in on

We have found that our young peoduces them to the other young people us while we were holding Fireside.

ple love the gospel and are proud to in the ward, and helps to entertain them On that evening we had over eighty be called Mormons. They respond until they have made friends and feel present.

readily to its teachings when presented that they belong. We are thrilled with our course of

in a manner interesting and understandWe hold our Fireside immediately study The Improvement Era.

Melchizedek Priesthood (4) &LittleCov.children29:4647;cannot74:7)sin (Doc. savedrive at inthe theage celestialof accountabilitykingdom areof

(Concluded from page 171) (a) temptPowerlittlenot childrengiven Satan to Eightheaven.years is the age of accountabil-

(b) of cannot sins repent ity 68:27) They (Doc. & Cov. in die infancy children (196)1. Why all they e. Christ in alive not committed have are Children made that a. the escape taken they may Many faith Infant a riper baptism through solemn of years those (5) mockery and this evils of world sorrows and before 8:8-23); repentance (Moroni and (314) God live to b. lovely, pure, too on earth Too

f. of resurrection in Teachings the (368: Children Mormon

c. evil delivered are from They 556children All IV: the the redeemed blood Church (Doc. Hist by of d. live in b. longer dying Those young of Christ Jesus (Doc. Cov. 93:38) 557) & eternal in light glory, heaven and and revelation (Doc. c. Modern on Cov. & this freed are sooner world from Discuss: 20:71; 68:27)

2. Infant baptism (Cf. Moroni 8:8-23) 3. Saved in the celestial kingdom 1. According to the Prophet, why do

a. An untrue doctrine a. We do not mourn without hope for some children die in infancy?

( 1 ) Not supported by holy writ (197, children who die (197) 2. Show that infant baptism is a principle

314) b. The moment they leave this world contrary to the character of God.

(2) Inconsistent with the character they are taken to the bosom of Abra- 3. Explain: "Little children cannot sin."

of God (197; Moroni 8:12, 15, ham 4. What future awaits all little children

18) c. The voice of the Lord to the Prophet dying under eight years of age?

(3) Baptism is for remission of sins (107) 5. What is the status of children in the

(314) d. All children who die before they arresurrection?

asoCONDUCTED UNDERTfloroniclriesthoodTHE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

Twentyfourth in a series of articles written by the late Elder

Orson F, Whitney of the Council of the Twelve. Published originlAY 15, 1942, marks the one hundred the part of stake and ward committees,

ally in "The Contributor."thirteenth anniversary of the resand could be made most attractive if

attention the Priesthood. to detail boys'the toration viewof Aaronic and that foregoing the will seen from beTt

is in 11 of point the 17, of to minds comuppermost has The week May MayA principle of consecration and the officially First the designated mitteemen. been be This probably by would

the in otherstewardship, United words least if at attractive as on Priesthood Presidency week. Aaronic planned more

in the the existed as days sameOrder, it it is provide basis, aside, since set thus the stake During week a would in translated, theof Enoch, was who the thus Presiding Bishopric lively competition, suggested add and by more in prophets, the ancient of anddays all that Priestzest to the interest stake program. Aaronic and Some ward and

resurafter the of the Nephitesthe time to leadership athletic as emconduct prepared were programs be such hood revealed to Christ,rection and of was localities still for especially are, in appropriate programs ployed, and many this in established to becommanded of this 24th glorious celebrating the celebration event. of the during

It preday. early at very aChurch appropriate. exercised should throughout be be Care would July

tithing, which revelation on theceded refreshevents for that the other in stakes groups and wards gather ward To first to the Lord mentioned bywas conflict athletic to not allowed or be programs holding the after of such ments eightin 1831, about September,Joseph is celebration. this Aaronic This sucwith to most has be proved programs,

organization of the after monthseen given in should be and Priesthood stakes. in week Gathering cessful many definitely revealedthis not but Church, recognition fires permissible deserved making any when are place small a where

until 1838. Unitedas The July, a law interfere the with toastplans would which the of or the roasting for wieners

in Kirtinstituted however, wasOrder, this for or suggested planned is attracprograms always of ing marshmallows to theland, according above command, event. tive to men. young

in of whither Missouri, also manyand It celethe necessary to plan be may for purpose the migrated Saintsthe now Pilgrimages Priesthood Aaronic in different lines along bration some

Zion."settling Bishop of "the landof on increasing necesthe areas, to ever due the idea several years past the During preside to over appointedPartridge was in with sity keeping conservation of of point historic to traveling some of in affairs the of Churchthe temporal defense national program. the The apan interest, a and program holding Oliver Elders withMissouri, Cowand that are First Presidency the desires of very has celebration been propriate Gilbert, S. Phelps, A.dery, Wm. W. eliminated, travel and be unnecessary attraction sort of successful. may This at settled Independence, othersand planning in be that used judgment good still in having stakes desired many be 1831. in Soon July, County,Jackson the throughout Church celebrations the reasonable within historic places such there, the Prophet arrival theirafter lowest the at expenses to so keep as distance. from them accompaniedJoseph, who suggestions possible Some minimum. celeand the of program events The in which revelation a receivedKirtland, this follow: event celebrating for that, the from such should bration be occur: passages followingthe

boys'viewpoint, it will long be rememAthletic Programs of Church, Elders "Harken, ye my O lively and programs bered. Make the assemhavesaith the God, Lord your who features attractive full of wholesome atmost and the best of known One to according together yourselvesbled my boys. for interesting of young methods is the tractive this in which landcommandments,

a on be planned Pilgrimages may inare as contests athletic is such is the land which men, of Missouri, which land

I have appointed and consecrated for the cluded in track meets. This would reward, stake, or interstate basis, with

(Continued on page 174) quire careful and adequate planning on (Concluded on page 175)

MBU

STAR VALLEY STAKE BANQUET CELEBRATING 1941 STANDARD QUORUM AWARD ACHIEVEMENT

This stake will, undoubtedly, be one of the Church leaders in rate of stake and ward leadership, with the help of the Lord, cannot overcome.

over with nineteen for in Awards increase Standard 1940, Quorum 1941 Papworth, S. and in President Royle are Stake the photograph Included

years. respective these during of one as earned awards the and number Priesthood stake J. Hyer. Aaronic The Ralph Counselors and Carl Robinson

requirequalifying Award Standard under Quorum Individual members A. Hale, George F. Robinson, Reynold are Chairman committee members

not did their quorums in celebration, though even ments the included were Tayson. D. Robinson, and A. R. R. Dana, Max

qualify.

This stake is located in a widely scattered area of Wyoming, and the The stake board of Relief Society served the banquet. There were

accomplishments demonstrate that there are no harriers that enthusiastic two hundred sixty persons served.

i Illa rcTTea c h n n

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Aaronic Priesthood ( Continued from page 1 73 WARD TEACHERS is this Saints;gathering of the wherefore Spirit, with strong in the him let him take if any be you among 7V ND man for promise, the thethe land of place and ** that in all meekness, that that be edified he is weak, he may him may...city of Zion. the Behold place which

is now called Independence is the center become strong also.

place, and the spot for the temple is lying Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser westward upon a lot which is not far from priesthood... (Doc. & Cov., 84:106, 107.)

the court house; wherefore it is wisdom

that the land should be purchased by the Suggestions For Ward Teachers

Saints. Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

let servant Gilbert stand Sidney "And my of the illness death. in should be aware visit of times and They them

I office thein him, appointed which have extent their to status an such people of physical, spiritual, temporal andto to receive the monies, be an unto agent assistance once, appropriate at distress and be reported that want and may all in the to landChurch, regions round buy about. to the worthy be provided without delay.

"Let my servant Edward Partridge stand In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly in the office which I have appointed him, appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family to divide the Saints their inheritance, even questions containing the following import:

Ias also have those commanded, and whom in 1. Are harmony you

assist tohe has him. appointed associates? a. neighbors your and With

let the concerning gathering, "And now the Authorities of b. stake, Church? General and ward, With

the the bishop preparations agent and make 2. duties to attending Church your Are you

for families those which been comhave a. a member As

this to to land, as asmanded soon come paying fast offering, fasting meeting, Attending once each and month possible, their in plant inheritance."and them tithing, participating functions? social and in ward paying

first to person conseThe commanded b. officer? an As

crate his the to property Martin Church was etc.? meetings, example, Setting council attending proper

threeHarris, of the to one witnesses the 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

selected asBook of was Mormon. "an He

example unto the Church in laying his beforemonies the bishop of the Church."The (jJcUudL JsMudkstiiikl Wjl&aoxjsl $c?l CipAiL, 1%2 established as lawsame was a unto all who

came unto Zion to receive inheritances. "MEN ARE THAT THEY MIGHT HAVE JOY"

Thus was set in motion the enterprise of populating and building up the center stake HPhe Prophet Lehi, shortly before his death, called his sons around him of Zion. and spoke to them concerning things worth while. Included in his

Meanwhile, the work in Kirtland kept parting message were the words, "... men are that they might have joy."

pace with that in Missouri. Newel K. WhitIINephi2:25.

bishop's appointed that forney agent was truth the revelation greater of this glorious placed emphasis upon The stake, instructed revelation and was by joy. Life, desirability to significance really real while, of and to be worth

hiscontinue vocation as merchant, imand pleasures. dissociated ruinous of joys worldly from be full must allpart the possible for the building means

up of Zion in Missouri. His mercantile Sober reflection upon the message and the circumstances under which

relations "were connected with those of it was given would discount any idea that a prophet of God would be

A. S. Gilbert, or "Sidney"Gilbert, his suggesting to his sons, in his dying words, that they associate frivolous

former partner, who was acting in a similar pleasure with the transcending joy of righteous conduct.

capacity to himself at Independence. It is safe to assume that Jesus had more real joy during His life than

In 1831, a revelation given November, was lived. consecration the other joy ever of His person born any was who

in the items, following of appeared which life's blessing hereafter. here of the mankind, to both and golden hours of

interestspecial as touching the Priesthood crucifixdissipating lust sent pleasures for to have death a by Him Wouldof Aaron:

"There remaineth hereafter, in the due ion with joy in His heart?

time of the Lord, other bishops to be set Had the Prophet Joseph Smith chosen sensual pleasures in preference to apart unto the Church, to minister even the joy of keeping the commandments of God, he would never haveaccording to the first: wherefore they shall suffered a martyr's death. The gospel of Jesus Christ would not have been

be high priests who are worthy, and they restored through such an individual.

shall be appointed by the First Presidency As the Saints trudged across those desert wastes, they sang"... no

theof Priesthood, Melchizedek except they..."fear, toil to labor but with joy your nor them was wend way Joy

literal if ofbe descendants they Aaron; and privilege oppression, of the as they worshipping freedom from and were God literalbe of descendants they Aaron, have

in their righteousness. serving fellow and commanded, men if right to thea legal bishopric, they and

"... joy."are If the that might joys Truly, and they have men firstborn theare the sons among of Aaron;

for the firstborn holds the right of presipleasures of this life are such as will enrich the soul, ennoble the mind, dency over this Priesthood, and the keys or and keep us ever in the way of life, we shall come to know the real and authority of the same. only complete joy,—eternal life and exaltation in the kingdom of God.

"No man has a legal right to this office, Latterday Saints, of all people, should learn to differentiate intelligently to hold the keys of this Priesthood, except between sensual pleasure and the joy of righteous behavior.

he be a literal descendant and the firstborn of Aaron; but as a high priest of the Melchizedek Priesthood has authority to offi- "And a literal descendant of Aaron, also, Priesthood descending from father to son,

ciate in all the lesser offices, he may officiate must be designated by this Presidency, and they may claim their anointing, if at any in the office of bishop when no literal defound worthy, and anointed, and ordained time they can prove their lineage, or do scendant of Aaron can be found, provided under the hands of this Presidency, otherascertain it by revelation from the Lord he is called and set apart and ordained unto wise they are not legally authorized to offiunder the hands of the abovenamed Presithis power under the hands of the First ciate in their Priesthood: but by virtue of dency.

Presidency of the Melchizedek Priesthood. the decree concerning their right of the (Continued on third column, page 175)

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Plans for celebrating Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Anniversary

(Concluded from page 173) Priesthood, if they so desire. Such a 6. Aaronic Priesthood quartet or chorus,

the caution that the interstake program program should, of course, be under "Come All Ye Sons of God"be avoided if the stakes are located in their direction as the presidency of the 7. Repentance necessary to salvation—

widely scattered areas. Aaronic Priesthood. If such a joint deacon (5 minutes)

Stake committees should work in meeting is held, it should be carefully References: Isaiah 55:6-7; Alma 9:

close contact with ward bishoprics, as planned so as to be interesting to all 12; Doc. 6 Cov. 20:29

presidencies of the Aaronic Priesthood. age groups. This is left to the judg- 8. Characteristics of genuine repentance

a teacher (5 minutes) of the ward bishopric and their plans the greater ment are made,The earlier 7:9-10; II Cor. References: Ephecommitteemen. forlikelihood celebration. a successful 4:2532; sians 58:43 Doc. & Cov.

Overnight Hikes—Camping Trips Aaronic Priesthood to Give Full 9. How Aaronic Priesthood members may

Program in Sacrament Meeting bring others to repentance through livSince anni15th, the actual May May 17 ing a clean, exemplary life—a priest

this date,versary comes Friday on (5 minutes) the the Aaronic Throughout Church ityear, excellent provides an opporgift of repentance of the value is to Priesthood be membership fortunity or hike overnight an camping Priestthe given 10. Theadult of Aaronic member

in the the sacrament full time wardtrip. arrive in or minutes) before on (5 hood camp To

the evening of the actual date of the service May 17th. Bishops, as presiReferences: Acts 9:1-21; Alma 36:

restoration, and hold an appropriate dents of the Aaronic Priesthood, are 5-22 program would be commendable. Such to conduct the exercises throughout. 11. The relationship of repentance to forhikes, again, should be planned with a It is felt that this is a responsibility of giveness of sins—ward bishop, presi-

a view to economy in the matter of his office which can hardly be properly dent of the Aaronic Priesthood (10 minutes) to the of delegated Aaronic a membertravel.

I 26: 1:8-9; Mosiah References: John Priesthood. It that should under be remembered 6:12; 2931; Matt. 64:7; Doc. Cov. & quarterly involved stake in a Wards are circumstances to takenno be boys 29:1-3 17:3-4; Luke Alma 17th, carry out conference should May inhike overnight an whichon would song: Closing

this either program sacrament on returnthevolve breaking and of camp the 12.13. Benediction

ing home on the Sabbath day. Such Sunday preceding or following May

a practice is not in keeping with the 17th.

numbers, one excepwith Musical of the the keeporder Church respecting tion, selected. not been have Ward THE AARONIC PRIESTHOODing of the Sabbath day holy.

choirs, congregational singing, or spe- (Continued [com page 174) cial choruses Priesthood Aaronic Photographs may priest, or high again, who no bishop "And furnish appropriate musical numbers, It is that shall possuggested this wherever ministry, for set be apart be to being preference given with it for the shalltriedsible, crime, save or any condemned of your be taken photographs activities and sent with an account of young men of the Aaronic Priesthood. be before the First Presidency of the Church;

the highlights to the office of the Pre- 1. Opening song and inasmuch as he is found guilty before

2. Invocation that testimony cannot be Presidency, by a priest this bysiding Bishopric record to be used for

3. shall Song and impreached, condemned; he be advisable. publicity purposes whereand

4. service: shall according forgiven Sacrament be repents he if he

If stake and ward committeemen would Priests to administer the sacrament to the covenants and commandments of the always keep in mind the matter of Teachers to prepare sacrament table Church."

properly photographing any or all Deacons to pass sacrament It was in accordance with the principle features of their Aaronic Priesthood 5. Introduction of the theme, "The Goshere laid down that the bishopric in Zion

programs and submitting such photopel of Repentance,"-—chairman of ward had been organized, and upon which the

graphs to the Presiding Bishop's office, Aaronic Priesthood committee (10 minbishopric of Kirtland was about to be estabcalled lished. and K. Newel Whitney wasit would be greatly appreciated. utes)

fourth of position to that the appointed (This introduction should include a on

Program for Quorum Meetings review of the date, place, and circumDecember, 1831. Both he and Bishop Partstances of the restoration of the Aaronic ridge and counselors to assist them, that also

All Aaronic Priesthood quorum meetPriesthood. The theme for this spebeing a condition upon which high priests

ings held during the week May 11th to cial program is taken from the words of of the order of Melchizedek are permitted

May 17th, inclusive, are to be conJohn the Baptist, as he laid his hands to officiate in the office of literal descendducted with special emphasis on the upon the heads of Joseph Smith and ants of Aaron. The Saints in Kirtland and

all entered east, under the or to the ordained Order Oliver them and Cowdery who Priesthood therestoration of Aaronic also, jurisdiction Bishop of the the were Priesthood. Show, Whitney, Aaronic Oliverto Smith and Cowdery Joseph of to this account the render required repentance, unto him theme, an was how

the of River Susquehannaon the banks retheir in turn stewardship, Baptist's he as the was message and burden of John in Pennsylvania, May 15th, 1829. he prepared the way for the Savior in quired to render an account to the bishop

The bishopric of the ward might well the meridian of time. References: Matt. in Zion.

have a joint program for the Aaronic 3:1-2; Mark 1:3-4; Luke 3:3-4.) (To be continued)

The Aaronic Priesthood membership of the Elwood Ward, Bear River Relief Society served lunch to the workers during the harvest period.

Stake, carry through to a successful conclusion a Church Welfare project Bishop Walter E. Tridel and counselors J. M. Mortensen and Reginald

of five acres of sugar beets. The above photograph was taken at the Hunsaker; with John Bronson, ward work director; together with quorum

completion of the harvest of seventythree tons of beets. The Ward advisers were in charge of this most commendable and successful project.

aa

ggieneajoqu

GARVANZA WARD GOES Six complete families and many MY REASONS FOR JOINING THE

TO THE TEMPLE couples, as well as from two to four CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF members of other family groups, parLATTER-DAY SAINTS in the excursion. By Weston N. Novdgten ticipated Sister By Eva Howell class turned Imsen, whose out en masse

7V significant excursion to the House for the trip, had in her charge, in one '"pHis, my unpretentious testimony, is three railroad of the,r* coaches, fortyof the occurred 24, Lord October not to explain attempt an Mormonchildren, three including her own 25, and 26, eligible nearly every when to twenism the uninformed. That

member of the Garvanza Ward, San tyeight class members. Upon the arthose more learned in principle, inis docfor

Fernando Stake, entrained at Los rival at Mesa of the ward excursion, trine, in law of the gospel. It is rather

Angeles and traveled to Mesa, Arizona, the entire group was photographed in an expression of thanksgiving for the front of the Arizona Temple by a local in to participate the first "one ward gift greatest ever entrusted to man—newspaper.only"excursion ever in southplanned in the place or kingdom Church of God

in testimony Splendid each meetings ern California. hundred and One the principles comment upon by—with of trip to the coaches on the Mesa personstwentynine the eight made impressed which I was most and how

hundred and thirty mile round trip, nine intensified the fine spirit of the occadoubts and uncertainties over the docgoing by auto, the rest on the excursion sion. When the train pulled in at trine of baptism for the dead were distrain. Los Angeles, Sunday morning at 7:05 solved.

a. m., then rushed everyone and home In twilight the evening hour when before Bishop Never had Harold school. testimony to Another Sunday still all incalm, in His and was God father to flock large been such aGunn in the held genealogical meeting was finite fit wisdom, to beour remove saw before from never and wereaway home class, the training that evening and midst. loved mother our from ties friendship love knit and ofward featured meeting sacramental a by was to us taught as as She pray soon we this closely than wonderfulmore on trip. Bishof the special temple review lisp barely able the were to words.occasion. Elder of Greenwald, Gunn, op Myron I night as the years Each went by

Highlights of the trip were the marthe bishopric, and Stake Mission Presiremembered her in my prayers and riage of Sergeant LeRoy Olmstead and dent David L. Taylor were speakers. when she passed away, I could not

Miss Phyllis Sevey, ward sweethearts; An indication of the spirit and sacrileave her out.

the participation in baptismal work of fice of the trip is found in the fact that "This is foolish,"my reasoning cried;

a whole class of twentyeight Sunday nearly six hundred dollars was spent on "Mother is dead. Her destiny is

school children, under the direction of tickets for the excursion, at a time when sealed.'"

their teacher, Nellie Imsen; the sealing the ward is struggling to build and But, what was her destiny?

of three living couples, already married; equip a new chapel. But the spirit of I believed in the doctrines that after

the sealing of three families of children oneness, expressed in the ward excurdeath those entirely without sin went to parents; two couples sealed, the sion has also been expressed in the to live with God in a place of peace and

dead to the living; two families of chilbuilding of the chapel, and with the happiness and those who had sinned

dren sealed, the dead to the living; new impetus given by the temple trip, even a little—to a place of everlasting

thirteen couples and seven families of the bishopric is hopeful that the chapel punishment.

the dead united by sealing. Thirteen will be completed at an early date and Mother was a wonderful woman—

persons went for their own endowments, be ready for ward habitation. faithful and devoted wife to my father.

and one thousand two hundred fifteen One of the interesting facts noted We, her children, bless her memory baptisms and one hundred eighteen on the trip is this: The original geneafor her devotion to us. She was always

endowments were performed for the logical training class group of three a.ready and willing worker in her

dead. years ago has spread out through the church, giving freely of her time and

long as as health her permitted. in means are that working they so now ward Genealogical in leaders charge of the All her dearly. her loved knew who auxiliaries, all present the nearly oftrip stake were chairman Frank J. lived she righteously But to had enough spirit of temple the with taking them elders'stakeDewsnup, representative line cross that the over unyielding so all other into inspiration work, and new Reiche,Fred chairman ward Jess M. this separated dreaded existence from activities. ward in of charge forDewey, arrangements heaven?

the excursion, priest high repreward GARVANZA WARD EXCURSION TO MESA TEMPLE "Do not worry over it,"I would saysentative P. Hardy, seventy James ward

representative Lenius Jorgensen, secretary Colleen Gunn, and Marie Kendrick, instructor of the genealogical training class.

Priesthood and auxiliary groups of the ward were represented by the bishop, his second counselor and ward clerk; seven high priests, four seventies,

fourteen elders, one priest, three teachers, and six deacons; the president and

first counselor and secretary of the ward Relief Society; the president and

second counselor of the Y. W. M. I. A.;

the secretary of the Y. M. M. I A;

the second intermediate class in Sunday school; the second counselor of the

Primary, and many other workers in each of the ward organizations.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

to comfort myself. "She is safe, she care of the body is rewarded with good I could give dates, but they are unis all right."health. But what a blessed responsiimportant. Anyhow, it was months beBut how was I to know? bility caring for the body becomes fore the third dream came. This one

What was life anyway? A period of when we regard it as a tabernacle was different and clearer in every acpleasure and pain, fortune and miswherein dwells the spirit that God gave count. My father, my brother, my

fortune? A season of happiness and us. The beauty of this doctrine is that sisters, and I were in the living room at

sorrow, spiritual groping, then death the Holy Ghost is our guide. It prohome. We were engaged in various

and after death—what? motes ideas, love, and charity. It is activities as is the wont of families when

There was no answer to this conpure and will not dwell in a tabernacle they gather together in the evenings fusion until some young men who called that is defiled. music, reading, conversation. All at

themselves Mormon missionaries came Beautiful, beyond description, was once our attention was attracted by the along. the revelation that the relationship of presence of someone on the threshold.

At first, knowing them meant only a a happy family abiding in the laws of It was Mother.

smile, a cheerful word, a pleasant memthe celestial kingdom may be projected I recall the strange stillness that came ory. Their story of Mormonism I could into eternity. over the room. She glanced fleetingly

not accept. God does not treat His children unat all the others; then her eyes met

But, it was impossible to know these fairly. In the spirit world the gospel mine, inquiringly. She was asking for

missionaries long and not realize that is preached in all its purity to those who something—asking me.

they were well traveled, cosmopolitan, go out of this life without the oppor- "Come in, Mother,"I besought her.

If cultured. their it. in thisand belief redistinctive This tunity hearing of in."want you to come "We

ligion so strong that was consithat realization they the brought conception her slowly She and head moveddered themselves obligation under in foolish to prayall been not after had first the time. for spoke

tell it to every I person possible could pray and mother. ing for Now myI

said, in.""I she cannot "No,"comestood all to ready their faith defend at tidings the glad accept that she would

cost, then surely there must be someof the gospel. She did not walk away, but faded

thing to it. The doctrine hardest for me to acfrom view.

So I considered every thought and cept was that of baptism for the dead. I woke suddenly, trembling. What

every truth that was presented to me If one can believe and repent in the had Mother wanted? For hours I lay

and as I was a firm believer in the Bible, spirit world why can he not be bapawake thinking, praying. And then it

I believed the Book of Mormon because tized there? Wny is baptism by proxy was all quite clear. Mother wanted

by the Bible they proved the Book of necessary? How is it effectual and how to be baptized. She had accepted the

Mormon to be of divine origin. can it be acceptable of the Lord? These truth, and now she was asking for the

Through the Bible, the Book of Morquestions were the cause of much inner outward ordinance of baptism. She

mon, Joseph Smith's Own Story and the conflict. had sought me out from all the others

Church's contribution of the purest and Then I had three dreams. They because I was the only one who had a

finest civilization known to modern man, were about my mother. Frequently, knowledge of the gospel. I was the

they proved that the precious message after she left us, I had dreamed of her, only one who could open the doorway to the Christ for her. Church of Jesus small, ofthey dreams they had been bore was indeed the restored gosbut

I request not should be denied. Her appel. she things familiar in them and

her. have the would done for work in life. Perhaps just as she was peared an earnest and unbiased And so, after

it missionaries that explained had restorThe the about goinginvestigation, home she was I found to be Mormonism a rational, understandable religion giving it to order, or sitting in her chair could be done.

ing direction to men and women in every reading a book, or talking with one of A quick rush of happiness came overcondition of life. us in some inconsequential way—as me. I prayed again, thanking my

As the light of the truth dawned upwe do in our dreams. Father in heaven that a curtain had

on me I commenced to see life as a In the first of these three dreams I been lifted revealing a beautiful truth whole. I learned to know that all of was climbing a steep flight of stairs. only partly comprehended until now.

life is a divine, intelligent plan, and our I was not aware of a floor beneath, or In a few minutes I was sleeping dreamchief aim in life is to find joy through walls, or a roof overhead. I was conlessly, in utter rest.

learning and growing and developing. scious only of the steps and the physical For a long time I had believed beyond

Things took on a different perspective. exertion required in order to gain the a shadow of a doubt that Joseph Smith

There was a meaning for beauty, a readistance to the brightness at the top. was the instrument in the hands of the

son for living, a standard by which to When I was about midway someone Lord in restoring again the everlasting measure thoughts, ideas, people. softly spoke my name. I turned and gospel, but my mind was tormented by

in illusive factors that the dimness kept obstacles standing and Mother it close brought to to beheld me How God rest steps. I stood the at of the Church. out of at the foot I was there, me literally that areknow sons His we and

indescribable in yet, there for a yearnMother; full of some about awe, was thatdaughters, dwelt with we Him

spirit I that huge, ing so nothing so that had deep Mother was a I knew in way spiritthe before world born were we it. I world. that like realized another ever from was known and had comein flesh, the to are and obedient if we

all the laws and ordinances of the gosShe lifted her face with anxious, bemy Heavenly Father had been good and to please eyes. I should endeavor seechingpel into highest the be exalted we will

ungrateful be to but it would wanted, myI triedlips refusedto ask whatto formshe howHim. muchHowor celestial with our kingdom Heavenly

Father and Jesus, our Savior. words. I was powerless to move and reject a gift so priceless and one so

too, there offered! graciously Then, away. to fade she seemed

in that said it be these days Can we great and that not dream, It be strange would a was was gifts the of miraculoushave need no a week embraced had when beaten Mother was my consternation thedown—ifthought Spirit? of guidance theand Holy What that she spirit recurrence, except in then world the gospel later there the a was

ita really to meaning unworld of was three beto surely her daughter higher up want would I was stairs—only that forgetderstand His not does God on here the look the of kingdom God's steps a from member come top—andthe

is thatchildren, actual there communimore anxious, from strength more came face on earth. was Mother's So

cation from heaven to earth, and His entreating. struggle, and I was baptized.

work, as in days of old, is conducted by What was the meaning of these Now I know the satisfaction of at ordained. chosen andmen divinely truth. last receiving identical the has haunted dreams? me They A gate

all of the restoration the gospel,With life infinitely richer followed considerably, opened to but as a been one day the gifts, powers, and blessings that another and the details began to fade than anything I ever expected. Faith in

were enjoyed by the ancient Saints somewhat, I thought less about them. the divine truth has brought contentwere brought back. The dreams perhaps meant nothing at ment, meaning, and high purpose to

Every intelligent person knows that all. living.

lllutuanilessaqes

when delay occurs, he will know what THE M. I. A. IN BRAZIL

kind of secretary to find and how much cecutives properpleasanterofficerandkeepappropriatethe recordsto andhavemakethe ByPresidentJ. Aldenof theBowersBrazilian Mission

the reports rather than do it himself.

Brazilian are enMission we THE BASKETBALL MENM in tering season our third IN OPPORTUNITIES M. I. AFINALS BE HELD DRAMA TO language. the Needless Portuquese officials have recently RAoving picture

basproblems to say, there Men'*TTHE have been many M that they are increasLVA announced experimenting A ketballannualtournamentallChurchwill held overcome, be and met much their in ing for opportunities attending the Deseret Gym, Salt Lake City, on shows. Matinees are to be added to done and much yet to do, in order to

March 11 to 14, as in previous years, schedules where they have not been adapt the M. I. A. program to our work

latest is the George word from Elder superintendent of the Morris,'Q. Young includedmercial amusementbefore. Inisotherbeingwords,maintainedcomhere.establishIn theourselvesfirst place,uponwea friendlyhave hadbasisto

Men's Mutual Improvement Associaand in some cases increased. Why? with these people. To do this, we have

tion. Because people have more money to started English classes where the govWHO IS RESPONSIBLE? payIt forseemsit. plain that if we do not deernmentso, and didhavenotbeenprohibitsuccessfulus fromfordoingthe

TThe question of responsibility in sire our young people to turn to the most part in turning these into Mutuals.

A ward and stake organization is not movies and public dance halls for their The general idea has been to hold a well understood. If, for example, a entertainment we should more than ever language class for from fortyfive minsecretary of the ward Mutual is ill, or before give well managed dances in our utes to an hour, then invite our students

to stay for a Mutual program and class. halls, the attractiveincrease absent or negligent, the recreation does on whom Limitations barimposed by language musical program, ness of our and put reports obligation rest? the regarding

different exceedingly customs and prepared, artistic riers, chosen, well president. it is the Manifestly He well failure standards, to of these people stages. dramas on our should care of the to take get someone

situation temporarily, or he should do THINK ABOUT ATTENDANCE sidecomprehendof a churcha religionand itswhichceremonies,exists outfew it himself.

This matter of delegating authority, 'TPhe month of March finds some of or no facilities except bare halls for meeting places other and numerous shrinking. A our organizations Get responsibility, and work is so common things been have courageously met by committees membership to work in structure of business the the complex

and Church that it deserves clear on plans to keep your people coming. the ingenuity of our elders, so that now

of at can boast least seven we Mutuals the Gold versus Try Green contests thought. is not executive worth An operating at the present time with a counselor a of the bishop perhaps unless is able to with he or she the name,

combined of membership approximately to each group dinner be a and helpers, choose competent make them heading thirtyfive two persons. hundred Some loser. the has provided This by game feel the obligation to the assigned do organizations are far enough advanced as three increased high as attendance tasks, that see these to then check and

are done. hundred percent. to present the complete programs in our

weekly meetings great with It is training great personality a success. in have had one baptism NEIGHBOR to CARRY YOUR PortugueseWe live'be at the of placed head any movefrom our Sao Paulo expect A. and M. I. is prerubber this emergency ment. project when Tn your must You own others. A ideas, off standards, willcious, your and are your automobiles and new

power into it. This must all occur the market, all Mutual workers should This work is so new to these people

without cramping those working with be encouraged to practice the utmost that it is sometimes rather difficult to you. You must make them feel the neighborliness in transportation. In the introduce it. We have therefore transstimulating atmosphere of responsibilpast, two, sometimes four, machines lated and prepared manuals for exeity and energize them with the sweet have been used where one would have cutives and for lesson material. For the

opportunity of employing initiative. sufficed. Thoughtfulness, planning coming season, starting the middle of

How about all M. I. A. executives ahead, and fairness can do a great deal January, we intend to have ready a

practicing this art particularly in the to effect economy and make what we new translation of Widtsoe's Rational field of reports? The records the Church have last for the the duration. Theology, which will be used in our

requires of us should be accurate, puncIf every seat isn't full, think who class work. Special activities will be

tual, and complete. If a president might be going the same way. And outlined and suggested, which will be

feels that he must get under the load think beforehand! used as guides, rather than actual maBRAZILIAN MISSION PICTURE OF THE SAO PAULO

M. 1. A.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942 terial. Because of the difference in group Bazaar. The class could well take time There was also a goodly representation

capabilities and the facilities available, to list the types of stories found in vafrom San Luis Obispo, Fort Ord, Camp we make these outlines as suggestions, rious magazines, pointing out with care Kearney, Camp Callahan, Fort Macand must rely upon the ingenuity of the the good and bad features of some of Arthur, and the Naval Training Staleaders of our groups to translate these the stories read. tion at San Diego.

things into actions which will appeal Some of the classics in the short Varied sports were enjoyed at the to those who attend. In stressing good story field are those written by O. grounds of the Bell High School during

preparation, we have hit upon a key Henry, Edgar Allen Poe, Francis Saturday, the day of registration.

which is of great value to the progress Bret Harte, Guy de Maupassant, ProsSaturday evening's highlight was the of the organization. We hope hereby per Merimee, Nathaniel Hawthorne. arrival by train of President Oscar A.

not only to maintain the interest for the Among the newer writers whose bid to Kirkham, and Katie C. Jensen, beloved

organization, to give it sufficient but are fame is great James Still whose general deleboard members. A large

that itimpetus will continue of the mountain Tennessee to grow sketches gation met esthem on their arrival and as physical conditions permit. folk are exceedingly well done; Mary corted them to the South Los Angeles

Austin, whose Indian legends and storstake center, where the convention ies of the southwest deserve wide readdance was held.

Flagg, Montgomery Mary Roberts wellplanned floor grand a march andinflleiffiiean ing; and, in a lesser degree, James The dance was distinguished by a KelBuddington Rinehart, Clarence enthusiastically reshow which was

land, R. Hanlon, and I. A. Brooke hall, lounge, ceived. refreshThe and—QjDr. Creed E. and Haymond Minnie Anderson, W. Wylie. table featured decment green gold and chairmen; Dr. P. Lloyd, Wesley Dr. Franklin S. Era, From many The Improvement Harris, L. Dr. A. Stevenson, C. Homer Warner, orations.

Kiepe, Dr. Werner Buckmiller, reLeRoy for Hazel selected stories can J. be good approximately Sunday Ileen Brockbank, On Jensen, Freda Waspe, Vella Ann the of retelling at reading or some Wetzel. H. fifteen Gleaners hundred and Men morningM storfiresides. issues, past such From at ninecenter at stake the arrived

ies Beautiful Fire as and Some Way, READINGS MENGLEANERM first thirty for o'clock three the the of those Kennelly, Song, Ardyth and byFOR MARCH session sessions. early Sunday The the Barnes, Cuthbert T. Claude by auspiciously the started most with is short story forAnarch month M will stories Estelle of Thomas, Webb presentation SteDale by reading. usual, MenGleaner As stories to theme delightful unusual and make their contribution, phens. AnAs Los the should the as part read be Era of discuss.

month's course, and we are suggesting In the current issue of the Era, use geles Stake presented the theme play types of short stories to complete readthe stories found as the basis for a live- "Defense,"by Joseph J. Cannon. The

ingsof-themonth. ly time together, on pages 147, 148, 152. cast was excellently chosen and the

You may be interested either in the large audience showed their appreciamodern short story found in current M MENGLEANER tion of the object lesson it taught by monthly magazines or in modern short CONVENTION their profound interest. Musical selecstory books, or the short story that is By Verda Ord tions by the South Los Angeles Stake

I. A. ChrisChorus and Harry R. by M. a 7, 1941, evening, December Cunday tensen greatly were appreciated. are suggesting stories that many *** classic.We the the curtain rung on was down in greetings After be found high from and messages school anymay Amerfourth Convention, annual an Youth literature ican Sister in President and the Jensen, book, high school a Kirkham

all stirred that those to the event depths library, university. or testimony to be long meetremembered

participated. who held, ing worthwhile inshort story Stephens conductDale was must A into flocked Gleaners and Men M clude ing. factors. meeting impressive fundamental most This some was There Angeles South Stake Center from Los single sacred. be plot a must or atmosphere a of and group was The BerBarbara, Diego, Santa San San glorious, lead events climax. the plot a dominated to which unshakable by The nardino, Bakersfield, Oxnard, Long is {Continued on page 180) concerned recharacters with who IngleBeach, Fernando, Pasadena, San act naturally. LOS STAKE MENGLEANER ANGELES M SOUTH

Hills. Beverly Hollywood wood, and CONFERENCE Stories are in proportion the to good

degree they teach us some way of better living. They are good in proportion

to their universality of appeal, their dealing with real life issues and real life emotions, their eternal values.

With this in mind we must exclude many current short stories, those which appeal only to the baser emotions, those whose plots are inane and are not true to life, those whose themes are not uplifting.We have so many good short stories

that we shall barely have time to scan the field even in a lifetime of reading.

As Ernest Dimnet said, "Don't be content in reading only good books. Life

is too short. Read only the best."

The modern short stories found in current magazines, we suggest. And

keep in mind that choosing the proper magazine will insure the choosing of the proper story in most cases.

Stories of character analysis are found, for the most part, in Harper s

Magazine and the Atlantic Monthly;

stories of action are found in The Saturday Evening Post; unusual stories

find their way in the pages of Harper's

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

fill initiative in adapting these or other of Mutual Messages helptheir ourrightfulyouth placefind, understand,in the destinyand fit ideas that feel will better the you {Continued from page 179) this our beloved Church and country. needs of your group. Keep in mind that

faith of these young people. Testimony We know this is a promised land, the whole should be appropriate to a

followed testimony swiftly—at all times choice above all others, and that great Sunday night, well prepared and with

there were five to eight eager, sincere blessings have been pronounced upon the joy, sparkle, and freshness of the young people waiting their turn. it. These blessings are predicated upon girls themselves.

its as girl afternoon meeting our obedience to God's laws and comhad "As a BeeHive The what may'mandments. tribute in of Tithing theme, the cause and for freedom? Ob- "The Law ManyI conservance of the Sabbath."Anna Lee Leaders, inspire your young people to direct and specific answers are found

Hardy, South Los Angeles Stake feel that, "We, as Explorers and Junin the seven fields of the BeeHive and

Gleaner president conducted. The two iors, must learn to obey the greatest of on them we will build our defense proinstrumental selections by the Jolley God's laws by being obedient to the gram. A BeeHive girl is chosen to

brothers were magnificently done. The least, those within our powers to know represent each one of these fields and

Gleaners of Inglewood and South Los and understand. We must love and gives specific and concrete ways she

Angeles Stakes bound their sheaves in worship the God of this land, Jesus may render service in that field. As an

impressive ceremonies, with Katie C. Christ. If we worship Him, we will seek adult viewpoint adds interest to our

Jensen presenting each stake with a to obey His every law; we will let meetings, seven well informed men or

gold and green sheaf. After the excelnothing impure enter our minds and women in these specialized fields would

lent talk on tithing by Bob Andrus, we bodies thus keeping them clean, pure be asked to comment informally as to feel there will be more tithe payers and a worthy tabernacle for our spirits, other ways our help is needed. Tabamong the Gleaners and M Men. the children of God."leaus, placards, speeches, dramatizaPresident Oscar A. Kirkham, among Junior leaders, let it be your chaltions are techniques to be considered.

other things, admonished his hearers lenge and goal, to have every girl finish Example: Mary is assigned her part

to use their leisure time to develop this choice course of study with a firmer in April, is adequately rehearsed, their talents. Sister Jensen flung the testimony of the gospel and a more stands erect without notes, and speaks

challenge to our youth to accept fully, determined desire to live beautifully in a clear voice:

without question, the Clean Life proand courageously with a living, sincere Like everyone here I should like to do my gram. Before dismissal the entire group faith in God. part in the present emergency. The scouts,

rose and pledged themselves to observe clubs, schools are all doing something. As

the Clean Life and to rally round their a member of a BeeHive swarm what can I to talk glad BeeKeeper is always Our bearer, standard Heber J. Grant. problems us she with over and suggested sessions singing Between community it that right is very that important now we

in the lounge enjoyed was and faith patio. jflPlvetiHs keepdo? strong our and unswerving.

President a Kirkham I composed it over, thought so I found many song MbLucy T. Andersen, chairman; Margaret N. Weils, Whenprojects in convention of religion the honoring our field that which and I might Larson, Ball, Marjorie Ann C. Florence B. Pinnock,

everyone learned. Helena W. Larson. do: Have faith in the Lord. This could

come by learning more of His ways and 1941-2 YOUTH CONVENTION SONG \TS7hat's ahead for the BeeHive girls? the promises He has made. Fear must

life. part of not be a testiIt is Bearing my with anticipation great my and By Oscar A. Kirkham

first fasting the on of every Sunday pleasure that look forward to mony, we now smiling, smiling, are ever smiling, learning the month, theme, A. remem- M. I.We celebration of and May BeeHive

in bering the sky, prayers, daily a rainbow studying the gosmy week. will event The first our be Sunpel are plan better we're right important look more than ever when There'sWe evening service, smiling, day 3rd, to be May smiling, now.

With a sparkle in our eye! followed by six days of special activi- I asked Father what he thought I could

M MenGleaners, keep on cheering, ties, which may include an outdoor do and as he is here I'm going to ask him cheering, swarm day, BeeHive buzz, or moneyto tell you what he answered.

For the cause we hold so dear raising projects for a summer of fun Father having been previously noti-

I. I. A.), M.M. I. A. (M. A. (M. I. A.) in the outof-doors. Suggestions for fied stands in informally the audience up

year! the throughoutHappiness these and other events are to be found definite and gives minute for one ways

The M. I. A. Choruses of Los Anin the BeeKeepers'handbook. our girls might serve in the field of religeles, Inglewood, Beach, Long

Angeles Stakesdena, and Los South PasaMAY SUNDAY EVENING sibility,gion: familyfamilysolidarity,prayers, listeningfacing responto adcontributed selections during the evenSERVICE vice, attending Church, seeing in this

ing session—the combined group numDistrict supervisors, stake and ward emergency an opportunity to stand for

bering two hundred seventyfive voices. BeeKeepers, you all share responsione's ideals.

Anna Lee Averill and Dr. G. Byron bility for making this meeting a memTalks would then follow on eachDone were the guest speakers of the orable occasion—one the girls will feel field. We are noting a few items in each

evening session, and they presented a happy and proud to participate in. The of them but you can find many more

compelling message. program planned should be of a spiritby going over carefully all foundation

ual nature and of interest to all memand structural cells in the handbooks.

bers of the ward who attend. Your OUTOF-DOORS: Help prevent fires

M. I. A. presidency will be glad to coin recreational areas; cultivate a vegetable

rimiiors period.operate andSpeechsee andthat musicyou havedirectorsthe entirecan somegarden;workpickonandthe preservefarms; helpfruit;if contributeneeded in

of great be help in assisting with the surroundings;the outof-doorsparticipatedefense;in abeautifysummer camp.home talks. songs—QOEmily H. Bennett, chairman; Gladys Harbercson, and

Assist PUBLIC SERVICE: Lueen C. Neslen,Grce the Red

Erda Williams, Grace N. J.Stewart.King. Polly R. Hardy, This service should take on added Cross in drive for funds, give love and

in this meaning year of emergency. service as needed neighbor, render to my

this in mind that theHPhe present emergency places upon With special service in we suggest as needed the community.

us, the Junior leaders, the great retime not given to making of awards ARTS AND CRAFTS: Knit and sew

sponsibility of further and more vital be used to show how our normal Beefor others, make my own clothes, repair old leadership. The concluding lessons of Hive program assists every girl to conclothing, learn any craft that will assist in

this year's course of study call for the tribute her part in service to her country the national emergency.

Safeguard health, learn HEALTH: my faithgreatest in the understanding fellow and and and to maintain men a menprinciples of first the of aid, obey Wordleader that tal spiritual she give wise guidance. and balance may in her own regular develop intellilife. Wisdom, habits and The lesson with the Explorers on the We are submitting a few suggestions. gent thinking.

M. I. A. theme is an opportunity to However, you may use your own BUSINESS: Save 10% of allowance for

7 m

CHOIR ORGANIZATION But in the matters of discipline he most irreconcilable ones grow to be his

By Dr. Frank W. Asper, should back up the choir leader in every best supporters.

Of the General Music Committee move. The choir leader, being reThe librarian is a very important ofand Tabernacle Organist sponsible for the music, should also ficer, and for this position one should be

act selected unquestioned that to authority the Perdependable is very dishave surest of the ways to courtOne if little his authorforming this duty, and in his kingdom, if well take done, will of a choir organization in the aster especially it openis time, person's questioned, of will the ever much but I it have ity overofficered.is to have

will vanly, at save of the valuable the respect reheartime members the much which organizations musical seenoften sal. day, like summer's out should ish never a hot passed be on Music snow membership committees, musichad

it it choir. the session; of the during the morale with always means and policy committees, seatingcommittees,

committees, and many other kinds of Soon after the revolution in Russia, much confusion and talking; the choir

committees, go down to defeat, simply it was thought advisable to have the will have to be called to order again; and

because enough authority was not insymphony orchestras there play withthe copies suffer as they are passed from better to plan hand. hand much The authorities state the conductors; out the of Because director. in thevested

is all in folders to individual music have following that be thought they would the organization, of the naturevery is or envelopes, manila time and no if line gave their reasoning they of own but one should havechoir head—that lost. librarian the that see should The their all authority. the equal members given To If be cannot he conductor. theof

is in condition, copies music order good result that the they was found decidismay of making responsibility fullthe sions, and do so with fairness, intellichaos because there was no head. The that might be needed, and keep track

that of the borrowed. might be music indireally not are choir the of members deserving is not he caution,gence, and

filingboxes cabinets or Dustproof sing, they instead but viduals they In when responsibility. or the position theof

for storage the of should be obtained all which instruments part of on are a the bishof frequently one Church,our likes music to handle one his this reason plays. choir, the director For and music—no of the is presidentopric made

is dust. that with covered ) quesnever should be ( musically views successful. often proved this has

There are many matters of policy tioned, and if he can show that he merits There should also be a secretary, one that a member of the bishopric is acconfidence and has no prejudices, they that is popular with the other members, quainted with that the director should will always trust him. Many times it who is not overbearing or presumptunot be obliged to know. By the very happens that some personalities in the ous, and who does not snap at memnature of his office, he knows all the inchoir clash with the director, in which bers when they ask to be excused. The

dividuals and their standing in the ward; case he should have a free hand to resecretary should keep a record of abhe will see that there is no conflict on lease them. Sometimes there are peosences at rehearsals and Church servrehearsal night from other organizaple, who by their selfimportance, think ices, get phone numbers, addresses, and

tions; and he will look after the physical the chorus cannot exist without them. otherwise help with the many personnel

needs of the choir, such as heat, light, The sooner the conductor gets rid of problems the leader may have. A good

the placing of seats, the procuring of them, the better. Nearly all similar secretary can help a great deal in permusic, and many matters which do not organizations find just how far they can fecting a smoothrunning organization,

pertain to the rendition of the music go with a new conductor, and when and can also help the director keep in itself. they find he means business, usually the closer touch with the people.

Mutual Messages

letters write cheerful stamps, defense to the THE ADVERTISERS events, watch current from home, men away learn the value of clothing, time and money, keep a budget. and Where You Will Find Their Messages

HOME: Family home evenings, measin the home, safety for that make ures..163 166 Eggs Milk White Milling conAlbers Co

materials, wise buyof and foods servation 135 162 Scraper Miskin Works Hotel Alexandria for love memand consideration ing, more 135 Fuel Supply Co Mountain Insurance Life Beneficial Co family. of the bers

Co... 188 States Implement Mountain Cover Back needs is to suitable your not If the above

you might think of a service based on the Bluhill Cheese Company 163 Owensboro Ditcher and Grader twelve theme projects for the year as given Borden Evaporated Milk 163 Co - 1 63 in our supplement. A girl would be chosen Brigham Young University 189 Pax Soap Company...169

months, the twelve of each represent to 129 Biscuit 185 I.. Purity Co Case. J. Co

the placard Januword with a showing and 169 of 187 Beauty School Quish Oil Continental Co not weary be says: "Wherefore she ary 164 132 Soups Planter Rancho Potato Deere, John, the are foundafor laying doing, in well ye

169 155 Baking Company Royal Deseret Book Company things of small out and great work, of a tions proceedeth that which is great."An inciDeseret News Press 186 Safeway Stores, Inc 165

189 dent is then related which shows the appliGlade Candy Co 168 Sharp Electric—

cation of this principle. The other months Globe Grain & Milling Co 191 Tanner, O. C, Jewelry Co 162

would follow in a similar way. Gospel Standards...186 Tea Garden Products 168

prithe important the of and most One 169 134 Hotel Hall's Square Remedy Canker Temple will this the of be meeting purpose mary 167 Heinz, 168 H. Traveler's Lodge Motor

in should be done awards. This of making 132 Hillam's Shop CostumeJ 129 Pacific Stages Union BeeHive dignified, manner. orderly The a 169 Press Hovey 168 Engraving Utah girls to is past the as given march salute Harvester International Co 187 Insurance Fire Co for gatherer Utah Home their and emblems receive Inside Front Cover

certificates Refining ranks, guardian and Oil and guardian Co 133 Utah 134 Planters Potato Iron Age special 190 Light Co Power Utah & Inside Back Cover KSL effective climax be would 131 1 A patrioticawards. Z. C. 162 Products M. Linda Food by Loma

girls the salute the stand, flag, give having the pledge of allegiance. Sing a patriotic

song to close.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

The Anthon Transcript ( Continued from page 151) CHARACTERS FROM THE THE SAME CHARACTERS FROM dots accompanying the characters. ANTHON TRANSCRIPT THE SERABIT FINDS OF

Of these dots Dr. Butin says: 28 PETRIEAND BLAKE

Letters are occasionally accompanied by a dot; sometimes apparently to indicate the

end of a word where there might be danger Photo of Facsimile, p. 53, Vol.

of running its last letter into the next word, Anthon Transcript, Line 7, Char21, Harvard Theological Review,...; at other times each letter is thus acter 24. Jan., 1928. Inscription No. 354.

marked with a dot; and at still other times

it is hard to know just why the dots have been used with some letters and not with others.

In the condition of knowledge of the Egyptian language prevalent in acterAnthon7. Transcript, Line 1, Char21,PhotoHarvardof Facsimile,Theologicalp. 48,Review,Vol.

1 830, the unequivocal assurance with Jan., 1928. Inscription No. 346.

which the Book of Mormon declared an affinity between Egyptian and

Semitic tongues back to the time of

Moses was most extraordinary. The

positive announcement that ancient Anthonacter 29.Transcript, Line 5, CharPhotograph from Petrie, Researches

religious records were engraved on in Sinai PI. 124.

alloyed metal (brass) was not less remarkable. Similarly striking was

the declaration that records had survived, written on metal plates and buried for centuries in the earth. acterAnthon11.Transcript, Line 2, CharPhotographSir. W., Researchesfrom Platein 124,Sinai,Petrie,NewOne by one these things have been York, 1906.

demonstrated to be true by the combined labors of archeologists and philologists.

Facsimile, of Photograph p. 48, the That prophet should have gone

Theological ReHarvard 21, fartheryet transcript and produced a Inscription Anthon Transcript, Line 4, Charview,Vol. Jan., 1928.

of characters for examination, in acter 1. No. 346.

which a system of pointing by use of dots anticipated an archeological find to be made a century later in the remote wilderness of Sinai, is incredible on hypothesis any except Inscription Photograph from 345,

F., in Harvard R. Butln, Plate 8, is that preciselytruth. Yet

Rev. Vol. what Anthonacter 14.Transcript, Line 3, CharTheological 1, No. 21,

in thehappened case Inscriptions. Serabit of the Anthon

Transcript. 2"(Fig. 1, February,

1942, The Improvement Eta, p. 75.)

What then may be said of the fact that the same Sinai finds reveal, by of Facsimile Photograph p. 37,the Transcript, Line 3, Charsort of incredible coinciAnthon same Theological ReHarvard Vol. 21,

acter 20. Inscription view, No. Jan., 1928.dence, duplications of numerous

characters contained in the Anthon

Transcript? The answer is necessarily that we have here no coincidence, but truth asserting itself out

of Facsimile, Photograph p. 37, Transcript, Line 6, Charof Theological ReHarvard Vol. 21, the dust. The demonstration is Anthonacter 2. Inscription No. view, Jan., 1928.visual.

It should be remembered that the 358.

total number of characters found in the Serabit inscriptions is small; and

that in the degree that the script Photograph of Facsimile p. 37,

Theological Vol. ReHarvard 21, to alphabetic reducedwas form, thus Jan., Inscription No. 1928. Transcript, Line 1, Charview, Anthon

358.minimizing the of characters number acter 16.

employed, the probability of duplication of characters found in the older forms of writing or in the hieratic and demotic was proportionately rePhotograph of Facsimile p. 37,

duced. That there should be found Anthon Transcript, Line 6, CharVol. 21, Harvard Theological Reduplication ata all is accordingly a acter 34; or Line 4, Character 11 view,353. Jan., 1928. Inscription lo.

(Inverted).weighty, if not conclusive evidence

of affinity between the scripts.

A great many years ago the pro- "The Serabit Inscriptions."Harvard Theological

Review, January, 1928, p, 35.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942'

THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT foundly learned Egyptologist, Heinand the Budge Dictionary, there are Conclusion rich in inBrugsch, the prophesied particular points dissents but on strange things once deemed rpHE histroduction to dicmonumental dissent serious the to scarcely a the of evidences as urged and that philologicaltionary day some that the proposition Egyptian and falsity are of the of Book Mormon atscience astonished the would be all akin. are are agreed Hebrew And proofs established as weighty now of relationship thecloseness between

is that relationship of the as remote its the origin. divinity of of the Ofthe lanSemitic Egyptian and

81 certainly date times the than the of no later learned have world men whoguages.

The universality with which this of Moses. taken a century to learn by arduous

relationship is now acknowledged toil what was openly proclaimed by may be summarily indicated by refNor are the Serabit finds alone. the Prophet, it might with full propriety be said, in the language of of theerence to a major few late as found 1930, Dr. Dunland As works.28 the Messiah: early of works Wall and at inscriptions Byblos on stone andFrom the10

Foster premised on wholly insufficopper confirmatory of the finds of O dullwitted men, with minds so slow all that have to the prophetscient in material, tending but the believe28 at place P. Montet ten years the same spoken! direction, the to ofsame works Gardearlier, in eighty of which upwardiner, 25 their colleagues and Erman 26 in the Transcript, Anthon The characters in written a modified or

finds light archeological above of the o[ fflWall, the Chas. Examination Wm., An hieroglyphic Ancient reformed script were 1835. the London,Orthography Jews, of to, attests the of referred accuracy MBrugsch., Hieroglyphisch'Demotisches H., WorterSemitic. 27 identified as

ix. 1,buch. p. Bd. of the of the account Book Mormon

International H., read before Gardiner, Paper A.

Orientalist"Das VerhaltnissCongress, desOxford,AegyptischenAugust 29,zu 1928.den semfa7See discussion in Kenyon, Sir Frederick. Bible brass plates.

tischen Sprachen."Bd. XLVI, p. 93 ff. and Archeology. London, 1940, pages 166167. Luke 24:25 ( Weymouth's Translation).

GAINING ECONOMIC SECURITY

(Concluded from page 149) This is true under present condirule to follow in making a decision 10. He has good health—through tions, when there is an increase to pay tithing. If the gospel of

living according to the high standin the cost of living which narrows Jesus Christ is important in your ards of the Word of Wisdom. the difference between fixed inlife; if it holds a place in your af11. He has a good mental attistalment payments and the amount fections beyond any material postude. Members of the Church are that is left to live on. session, then the decision to pay

not radicals. They seldom lose Realizing that the cost of living tithing is easy. A tenth of your

their jobs for insubordination. may continue to increase and that income belongs to the Lord and is

12. He is ambitious to succeed. wages and salaries tend to lag benot yours to use for other purposes.

Progression is a fundamental conhind increases in the cost of living, cept in the Church. members of the Church should be When to Pay Tithing

alert to the necessity of developleaders recomhave Our Church Personal Development ing sales resistance. Purchases paid that tithing should be mended

The efficient home manager tries should be limited to absolutely at regular intervals at the time into save on the essential expenses necessary articles and fixed instalcome is received. At the ninetyand operating expenses, in order to ment payments should be held at a ninth annual conference, Elder

have more funds available for perminimum. Increase in income Stephen L Richards addressed thesonal development, savings and reshould be used to liquidate obligamembers of the Church as follows:

create reserve build up and intions, development Personalserves.

difficult very found it to be a I have security with the Lord through the for health, spentcludes money onetenth in to mathematics problem pay recreation and Church contribupayment of tithes and offerings. out of onetwelfth. I commend the thought

tions. 'First things first"is a splendid to those who are receiving monthly stipends

and who indulge in the practice of paying,

Making the Decision to Pay their tithing at the close of the year. I am>

Tithing THE STORM suretenth youout willof thefindtwelfthit very ifdifficultyour tithingto get there- until last for the I month. payment of tithes payment The

heartily the to payment and offerBy Gcaine Lynn mainscan recommend you expenditure is a developmentings tithes into as your funds of your your come that can be justified from every as- A rumbling in the distance, hands, not only because it will be easier, but pect of reason and common sense, ** A flash across the sky; because greater blessings will accrue to you.

sigh, breeze, rustle, a a tithing his A should pays Every man who decision reached be must a bybut whistling whirls wind by. it. is of gospel Christ enjoy A a gospeP The tithing the or to use familythe to pay the cloud horizon on A of that are they enjoyment. might "Men

object. desired for other somefunds Rolls swiftly into sight his tithing joy."one have pays When

This provides the acid test of faith. A terrifying cloud! It seems without enjoyment, he is robbed of a part

There is also a strong urge to pay As black as niaht! of the blessing. He must learn to give

cheerfully, willingly, joyfully his and and if particularly theyobligations, gift will blessed. that are A he In order be may

like urgent. It ispressing and much receive to enjoyment needs more he Aflashthunderlightsboltup hasthe crashed;heavens; pay

the story of the old darky who The rain comes down in torrents more frequently. Why deprive oneself of-

'gainst the earth is dashed. And that this the joy voluntary from comes dues. his church not paywould A

beats in fury, storm until The on giving year, the of the end when find visited to outcommittee him rain hold and The wind the throughout payment year sway, by we may press don't reason.the Lord "De 'Till satisfied with fuming increase of enhance the not and joy onlyme like my other creditors is."They slowly die away. giving but the practice of it. our183-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Continued from page 159) The tree, located at the home of D. Thomson was sustained as bishop of

Eugene Livingston, 1784 Herbert Avethe Second Ward.

States: Northern Theodore A. McGee, City, nue, once Salt Lake a part was Hyland Stake, Ward, Mount Ogden was Lovell, CoolMelva M. Wing, Wyoming; of a fiveacre planted grove in 1 867 created 11, by January the of a division by idge, Arizona.

in is pioneers. flourished Mount industry Ogden Lewis Ward. The J. Wallace

L. States: Central North WestMyron the bishop. new times, pioneer as late as 1893 even and

Leslie Pocatello, ern, Idaho; Myers, Jr., G. Twentythird Stake, Ward, Mount Ogden exhibit to brought honors an Utah when California.Live Oak, created 11, division of January by a silk at prizes products Chiwas the of won States: the B. Salt Victor Jex, Northwestern Seventeenth Verner Ward. L. Stromfair. world's cago is the berg Jr., McGill, City; Hoopes, bishop.Lake Henry new W.

Nevada; Arland L. Russon, Lehi, Utah; Twentyfourth Ward, Mount Ogden

Wendell P. Hall, Hurricane, Utah; Keith Martin Harris Home to Stake, was created January 11, by a di-

L. Bunker, Chlno Valley, Arizona; Norman Receive Improvements vision of the Fifth and Twelfth Wards.

K. Roberts, Sugar City, Idaho; Grant R. Hyrum B. Wheelwright is the new bishop.

Andrus, Draper, Utah; Willard G. Atkin, HThe old cobblestone home of Martin Tenth Ward (north half), Far West

Jr., Tooele, Utah; Lawrence V. Riches, A Harris at Palmyra, New York, Stake, created January 18, by a division

Vernal, Noel, City; Salt Donald the D. Lake of the Tenth Ogden North Ward will digof be improved and more made

City; Collard, SaltUtah; Claren R. Lake Stake. Weber nified visitors, for to according Bishop Idaho; Preston, Arthur Hendricks, A. (south half),James North Ward Weber Tenth the of Presiding Ashton O. Marvin Greybull, Smith, G. created Wyoming; Stake,C. Ray of January a division 18, by

Labrum, Roosevelt, Utah; Stanford S. Bishopric, who recently returned from the Ogden Tenth Ward of the North Weber

Larson, Preston, Idaho; Clinton L. Whitan inspection tour of Church shrines in Stake.

ing, Salmon, Idaho. the eastern and middle western states. Twentysixth Ward, South Ogden Stake,

Southern States: William L. Betts, Los Plans for the immediate future also created January 11, by a division of the

Angeles, California; Rex L. Campbell, Salt include the placing of additional markEighteenth Ward. William G. deMik, Jr.,

Lake City; Norma E. Weenig, Ogden, Utah; ers and signposts directing travelers is the new bishop.

Twentyseventh South Ward, Ogden California; Oroville, AlYoung,Arden to spots in sacred history the of the Stake, created of division a January 11, by Ririe,bert S. Idaho; J.O'Donnell, George H. Salt Church between City and Lake the is Ninth B. Harold Ward. Compton Salt City; Boman, G. Alva LakeGowans, South Royalton, [Sharon] Vermont, the bishop. new Spring B. Erickson, Utah;Lewiston, Byron

City, Utah. the present name of the birthplace of Twentyeighth Ward, South Ogden Stake,

Spanish American: Robert B. Hellewell, the Prophet Joseph Smith. Bishop created January 11, by a division of the

Fourteenth Ward. accompanied was Thomas Van Drimby James M.Paul, Idaho; Mahlon A. Johnson, Fairfield, Ashton

bishop. melen is the new secretary Kirkham, beauof the ChurchMontana.

orStake, Barnum Denver Ward, was tification committee, and Wilford C. S. Seamons, Mission: Barbara Texas ganized the January 25 from Barnum Wood.Preston, Robert Idaho; Ogden, H. Malan, is Branch. the bishop. James M. Coffey new

Utah; Whitaker, Kanosh,Utah; M. Van

Idaho; L. Shirley, Rexburg,Gordon Ether Lund Home Gets New Director Bishops, Presiding Nevada; Westmoreland, Winnemucca,W.

Leonard L. Meyerhoffer, Slaterville, Utah; p\AviD G. Winn has been appointed Elders Appointed

L. Fairbourn, Utah. Sandy,Merle superintendent of home, the Lund Lovell Big Stake, Ward, CarWest Horn

States: Heaton, K. Western S. James training vocational St. L. D. school Black A. succeeds Allphin. for man L. Owen

Salt Utah; Whittaker,George, Marion at Centerville, succeeds boys Utah. He Blaine Stake, L. Gooding Riley Ward,

Shields, Utah: Tooele, City;Lake Thurman L. succeeds Dixon Winegar. William James Christensen. O.

Leonard E. Gardner, Lund, Nevada. Boise Second Ward, Boise Stake, Willis

Western Canadian: No releases. New Stake Presidencies Peterson succeeds Clayne Robinson.

Brigham Sixth Ward, Box Elder Stake,

Those Who Have Passed Away Tn the Alpine Stake, President Clifford W. Lester Dredge succeeds Edwin A. John-

E. Young and his counselors. Earl son.

Unity Burley Stake, eightyWard, Elmer Catherine Shaw, LeRoy AnnMrs. Walker, S. Greenwood and Jesse M. Crane, succeeds Asael T. Gee. nine, of 1863, a pioneer died January is released. been Elder have Young Liberty Gridley Stake, Ward, Walter in visiting 17, while Angeles. Los

the assistants of the to of As a one Council Scott S. succeeds Barrow. Omerchild of the to Utah, she walked most way

where her family settled in Lehi. Her life the Twelve. Elder Walker was then Idaho Falls Second Ward, Idaho Falls

was spent in Church work in Lehi, Eureka, sustained as president of the Alpine Stake, Lancelot Peter Nielsen succeeds Harand Salt Lake. She was a member of the Stake with Leo Meredith as first, and mon M. Groesbeck.

Daughters of the Utah Pioneers. Delbert Chipman as second counselor. Fredonia Ward, Kanab Stake. Raymond

Keith Udall succeeds Alfred Brooksby.

In the Stake, Leland Redd, San Juan sixtythree, W. Pyper, Genevieve Alice Dingle Stake, Montpelier Ward, WilliamMiss formerly counselor, succeeds second A. sister of Elder George D. Pyper, genLindsay, Jr., succeeds Jay H. G. Samuel Humphas first counselor. suc- R. Hurst Redd Guy of theeral superintendent Deseret reys. Sunday

School Union, and active in the Thirteenth ceeds Elder Redd as second counselor. Montello Branch, Mount Ogden Stake,

Ward Relief Society and the Daughters of In the Nevada Stake, second counselor Samuel Bullough succeeds Roland Richins.

the Utah Pioneers, January 19. Huish Yates has been released. Lund Ward, Nevada Stake, Milton GardMiss Ann Nebeker, sixtyfive, dean of ner succeeds David C. Gardner, deceased.

girls at the old (Salt Lake) L. D. S. high In the Timpanogos Stake, William C. Alhambra Ward, Pasadena Stake, Julius

forschool years, twelve and of Smith a member succeeds succeeds Harold M. Wright as second V. Madsen H. Medley. Woodruff

counselor. I. A. Primary and generalthe M. boards, Branch, Pioneer Mexican Stake, Vaughn

January director 21. She of a the was succeeds Green Graves. Vernon James In the Blackfoot Stake, Parley A. Arave

Deseret the and gymnasium ChilPrimary Kelso Branch, Portland Stake, Lyle succeeds counas second J. Lloyd Porterdren's at the Hospital time of her death. Packard succeeds Paul selor. J. Anderson.

Teton Ward, Rexburg Stake, William D.

Plaque Honors Silk New Wards Created Hollist, Jr., succeeds A. Leroy Staker.

Industry in Pioneer Utah Ogden Ninth Ward, South Ogden Stake,

HPhe Union Ward, East Jordan Stake, Cecil S. Rusl.forth suceeds E. Smith Mur-

A copper plaque commemorating A has been divided creating the Union phey.

Seventeenth Ogden Ward, Mount Ogden silk** Utah's pioneer industry was First and Bishop Second HorWards. Stake, Ridges Stanley succeeds Owen W.placed a seventyfour upon year old of the ace T. Godfrey old Union Ward Robins.

tree,mulberry 14, November by memrelease, given an honorable was and Fourteenth South Ogden Ward, Ogdenbers of the Yalecrest Camp, Daughters Erickson bishArthur sustained as was Stake, Olvie succeeds Cramer Thomas of Utah Pioneers. op of the First Ward, and Jesse W. Parker, Jr.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

The Church Moves On

South Ogden Eighteenth Ward, Ogden New Peaks Ahead William succeeds Lofgreen L. GrantStake,

G. deMik, Jr.

Manti Center Ward, South Sanpete

MerrittStake, L. Poulson succeeds William for Sugar Beets Peterson.Henry

Ophir Branch, Tooele Stake, Counselors \

LaVerl Gray and William D. Nelson appointed to preside due to release of George

L. Smith. -

AttainsDr. Widteoe

:: YearsSeventy

-v.;:;; s.JX.. 0M0 'iiMi'W'V::..,.. "..v>;;s,;:;J*-v*;': M-M v%

. Council the of A. P\r. Widtsoe John W

x;:ii'*-* '; ''.?. i* of coeditor;:;i':-- and \ of Twelve, the

::-..,

'si.'. his *>::::.:;. observed Era, 3.S; ImprovementThe;;:.::::;:.-:[-....:

::"-:.'- **'w& anniversary, birthday Janseventieth

::W:S:::W;S;:;:; Hi - health - - his good attributed 31.uary He A:-

::":v>::.x*-;:::i": of the of do's theto observing Word—

Wisdom as well as the don'ts. A quiet:..-:",".;'

family dinner was held in his honor at his home.

Utah Red Cross Over The Top IcentTtah'sRedquotaCrossof war$162,850fund wasin theoverre- WmM chapters sixteensubscribed by the *5e* iaPBsSM rZi Grow More President O. David the state.within

the state adof was chairmanMcKay the Yesterday this man was just a farmer. with conducted which committeevisory

soldier in the battle Today he is adrive. of FewerHands, capacity sixrow production. With

Belief Society and Case tractor speed he has... so

Passes Goal to speak... thrown away the rifle and

gone to work with a machine gun.

HPhe fouryear program of the NaBecause the seed box mechanism in * tional Woman's Relief Society to Case beet planters conies closer to dropping single seeds... closer

have one hundred thousand members than ever before with planters of simple construction and moderate on its centennial date, March 17, 1942, cost... he will save a lot of labor in blocking and thinning. His

preliminary successful.has been A nearly the the limited able double work will be on to do manpower

in midFebruarytabulation made less his will too, of acreage. a because usual job Case be Weeding, of the Relief enrollment the thatshowed

tools, clearance tractor cultivator threebar allows between more of missions stakes in theSociety and the Church exceeded 113,000, as of permits faster, more timely, more perfect work. When harvest time

December 31, 1941. A few of the stakes comes, the extra clearance and more accurate control of his tractorand missions had not reported. When mounted Case puller will get his beets out of the ground faster and

the drive began, in 1938, the Relief Soin better condition.

ciety membership was approximately This man has the best guarantee of surefire, onschedule operaseventy-five thousand. tion from the dependability and long life for which Case tractors

are famous. Such dependability and durability cannot be created

Death Claims in a hurry. They come from tractorbuilding experience that began

Trailer Pioneer 50 years ago. If you have... or can get... Case equipment, use

dealer's service your Case to bring out its finest performance and seventy- V. Dankowski,Prederick

life still longer. its long estate make*- seven, retired Ogden real

dealer and mining property operator, 12, Angeles.died February in Los ousi- A Century of Service to Agriculture retirement after hisShortly from

ness he pioneered the design and use of In 1842 Jerome I. Case started to build

the automobile trailer house, and came machines to make farm work easier, farm to be internationally recognized as the earnings better, food more plentiful. In

"daddy of trailer travelers."He was 1892, midway in the century, his firm built

thus recognized in a feature article in the world's first gas tractor. Out of this long

the July 17, 1939, issue of the magazine experience comes the long life built into

Time. (See also The Improvement Case tractors, machines and implements.

Era, Oct., 1939, p. 601.) Write for books or folders on any that you

Mrs. Dankowski was fatally inneed. J. I. Case Co., Dept. C-10, Racine,

jured in an automobiletrailer accident Wis., or nearest branch.

at Omaha, Nebraska, in 1939. Previously the couple had traveled a quarter of a million miles throughout North

America without an accident.

He spent his later years in California where he was active in the Church.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

WHY NOT RAISE SOYBEANS?

SECOND EDITION OF {Continued from page 145) Many of the choice edible kinds

sixteen hundred of protein pounds shell fast the out as onto as ground fifty hundred of fat. two pounds GOSPEL and have a tendency to shatter, that is, ripen. field they kinds, better The yield of only twenty bushels per A least at shatter. of them, most do not

of forty acre percent protein and combines fixed to thresh Most can be eighteen percent will give oil beans STANDARDS as ripen. soon as they them

four prohundred of eighty pounds READY NOW tein sixteen and two hundred pounds

Get Your Copy Immediately of fat, or about twenty gallons of oil. TThere are said to be thousands of

400 pages, $2.25 Even if it were possible to finish a distinct varieties of soybeans

thousand pound beef on one acre in with required growing days of from

An "Improvement Era"a year, it would produce only half seventyfive to two hundred to reach publication the protein of a twenty bushel per maturity. Wherever corn can be

acre harvest. Without having to raised, soybeans should mature if

resort to refrigeration or any means the proper kinds are planted. No

of canning, this product can be stored blanket recommendations can be indefinitely for the day of need with made, except that there are several little cost. kinds that could wisely be suggested

Perhaps one of the best ways of for trial in each area. Experience

working this low starch food into our has shown that the same kind will daily diet, outside of eating the whole produce entirely different results beans, is as flour mixed with wheat when grown on varying soils. Each

flour in percentages of from ten to locality must find its own best vafifty. To insure maximum nutririety. Since northern central United

tional results, it would be wise to States and southern Canada have have a flour made from a mixture of already found many types suitable soybean varieties. The bean can be for those cold climates, most interworked into almost any course from mountain regions should be able toSinxL cereal and a health drink for breakdo likewise. Most seed in this land

fast to cakes and ice cream for dincame originally from north of Mukner, without being noticeable. Alden, China, which is over fortyone

most any meaty flavor can be imidegrees north latitude.

tated effectively. The highly diIn Utah enough pioneering has

gestible oil, which has many uses in been done to prove that the earliest foods, is an excellent digestive lubriand medium early varieties will macant when the whole beans are eaten. ture, in the lower valleys at least,

Many scores of tried and tested with about the same results as in the the Middlewest. ability to With available are use on how to"NOW is just the time to gather up recipes rainfall, irrigation, control a through flour, dried beans, beans, the green

your 1941 church publications and either the oilmeal or whole bean little experience should teach us how have them bound into attractive, flour, soy milk, found to be extra to exceed the national average yield, convenient volumes. good for babies, sprouts, curds, etc. which was 20.7 bushels an acre in

Centuries of use in parts of China, 1939 and 16.1 in 1940, a dry year.

in 1924, PRESERVE THIS PRICELESS producing a superior physical race When the crop was new, where the bean has largely replaced the average was only eleven bushels MATERIAL! meat and milk because of economic an acre. While it is too early to say

And the cost is small. Note these necessity, have developed many with any degree of accuracy what

prices: types of recipes not yet tried in can be expected in this section, one

America. test showed yields of some varieties

fifty of nearly bushels in one an acre Era,Improvement per volume..$2.00 varieties more suitare much Some

is yield. area, In a very high which for bethan othersRelief Society per able Magazine, human use

exthat lost threshing many. UnderChildren's Friend, per volume.. 2.00 tionable. University of Illinois The

Illinois Univeras the pert care such Illinois, has found at Urbana, some

Bring them in, or mail them, very desirable kinds for human consity experimental farms, many kinds produced around 35 bushel per have trying after sumption out hundreds TODAY! acre consistently. the preferable samples. of ones Of

listed by the University, the Willomi In much of Illinois the Illini vaand Bansei have been found to do riety has been found to give the best

The Deseret Hems Press well in our locality. The Giant results as a field bean, in Indiana the

Green, the earliest maturing one of Dunfield, while in Wisconsin some 29 Richards Street all, produces good green beans. It strains of the Manchu do best. In

Salt Lake City, Utah is quite likely that several of the at least two Utah tests the Dunfield better kinds have not yet been type has done very well. The Manplanted here. chu and Illini have promise also. In

Why Not Raise THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

Soybeans? one test the Mukden and Mandell varieties, especially the Mukden, lead in yield. In one Utah area the

Dunfleld has been found to be a good all purpose bean, that is good for both food and feed. There are

many others that merit further trial.

In fact all experiments so far have been on too limited a scale to come to any very sweeping conclusion.

Though experience is moving the planting date ahead, soybeans are usually planted in midMay, preferably on loamy soils. Some quickmaturing kinds will ripen in the lower

altitudes if planted later. Since it is

a legume, best results are obtained when the seed is inoculated with nitrogenfixing bacteria. Experience

has shown that inoculation every year has paid by hastening and inWouldn't blame you for shying a surfaces even at a standstill. Then

creasing the harvest, even where it little away from one of these waitwhen you start up—often many

has been done before. Good inocuers nearing your table; the whole times daily in busy Spring—your

lator can be purchased in many seed shebang might come down. Lively oilplating is ready to lubricate

stores inexpensively.—wouldn't it be? But did you bring before plain fluid oil film that

One bushel of seed per acre is your car and park it? Now has all drained down can come back. And

about right to plant, of most kinds if the lubricant come down... down after you're running, oilplating

the germination is good, where off of precious engine parts? That's still stays up... all the more aid

to twentyfour in from rowsgrown deadly. Repair parts

apart. inches Manytwentyeight V*J.Jfj—aren't,.. always againstiJ,lVCl,wear that would limit your

is insufficient seed fail becausecrops used. When sown with a grain surely the time to oilplate your In the impartial Death Valley

drill, two bushels per acre should engine with lubricant that can stay Death -Test of Conoco Nta against be sufficient. Because of the ability up much like any good plating. You five other fine bigname brands, it

to irrigate in rows and to cultivate oilplate simply by changing to outmileaged their average more easily to control weeds, row planting Conoco NA motor oil for Spring. than 2 to 1; outmileaged any other

has been found to pay in most cases. Ditching filthy Winterworn brand tested by 74%; outmileaged

Menus on table uses and bulletins "oil"is among the first laws of car one of them by 161%. And this

giving the results from feeding the care. And refilling with patented same Conoco N*-h oil that keeps

whole bean and the oilmeal to farm Conoco Nth oil brings its special up oilplating is at Your Mileage animals as protein supplement, have manmade or synthetic substance Merchant's Conoco station for you experiment published by thebeen your needed Spring the corn belt. with the magnetlike effect. This right now—forstations in and around

Anyone desiring these leaflets maintains oilplating on working change. Continental Oil Company

should be able to get them for five or ten cents each. The Home Economics Division, Department of Agriculture, also puts out a fine paper CONOCO

on table uses.

If desirable seed cannot be locatedby those wishing it, perhaps The MOTOR OIL

American Soybean Association, Hudson, Iowa, will be good enough offerto help if an inquiry is addressed rto them. There are many who suffer loss

SPRING IS TODAY By Delsa Davis McBride Be prudent ay I have today in which to plant a Avert it by climbing rose?MIf I may, tomorrow I will mend the chilINSURANCE

dren's hose;

I will wash every windowpane and every This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality. windowsill

If I might have today In which to plant a daffodil.

I'll churn the cream tomorrow and scrub UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO, floors, all the I might use today in working out HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, UtahIf only

of doors!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS {Concluded from page 161) he holds the Priesthood. It is a wise Women's Relief Society, which is

does not imply a narrowed educaprovision that the man who is the really international, illustrates the tion, for in the words of President freer to move about both at home and comprehensiveness of woman's place

Joseph F. Smith, the Church says abroad should be called to the famin the Church. "The Ladies Relief

to woman, "Seek to be educated in ily presidency and be under the reSociety is not only to relieve the poor, the highest meaning of the term; get sponsibility of holding the Priestbut to save souls,"was the Prophet's

the most possible service out of your hood. This does not limit equality message to the sisters. (History o[

time, your body and brains, and let among men and women. Citizens the Church, 5:25) To save souls

all your efforts be directed into honin a free land are not unequal, beopens the whole field of human acorable channels, that no effort be cause some hold office and others do tivity and development. Relief of

wasted, and no labor result in loss or not. poverty, relief of illness; relief ofeviV {Gospel Doctrine, ed. of 1941, Meanwhile, within the Church are doubt; relief of ignorance—relief of

p. 351 ) In brief, the major education organizations for the benefit of all that hinders the joy and progress

for life's duties may be supplemented women. These are presided over by of woman. What a magnificent comby training for the development of women. These have the same genmission! The activities of the Sospecial activities or endowment. eral objective as the Priesthood orciety correspond to this charge. For

for the in the example, program fitting recognition of indiThis of the natural funcganizations—the

is provision meetings weekly madetion living. in the appears organization more fully of vidual for gospel

the Church. By divine fiat, the The Prophet Joseph Smith said when for the study of theology, homemakPriesthood is conferred on the men. he formed the Relief Society that "I ing, social science, and practical

This means that organization must will organize the sisters under the work. The men in their Priesthood

prevail in the family, the ultimate Priesthood and after the pattern of organizations have no wider prounit of the Church. The husband, the Priesthood."President Grant gram. The Young Women's Muthe Priesthood bearer, presides over has declared that "without the wontual Improvement Associations have

the family; the Priesthood conferred derful work of the women I realize a similar, widelyconceived program.

upon him is intended for the blessing that the Church would have been a No limitations, except those inherent of the whole family. Every memfailure.... It is our sisters who in the gospel plan, restrict the labors

ber shares in the gift bestowed, but carry the burden of the work.... of these organizations for women.

under a proper organization. No They are leaders in all things that "What is the place of woman in

man who understands the gospel bemake for spiritual uplift."(Gospel the Church?"To walk by the side

lieves that he is greater than his wife, Standards, pp. 150, 151 ) of the man, not before him nor be-

A. W.or more beloved of the Lord, because The program of the National hind him.—J.

HANDLES LARGER BASES - THAN ANY OTHER MOUNTED 2 WAY PLOW

OLIVER MOUNTED 2-WAY PLOWS OLIVER NO. 21 2-WAY TRACTOR

Here's a perfect twoway plowing comSULKY PLOW

Oliver sensational for bination 70

Here's the sturdiest, smoothestop*rating its and cylinders with six you—thehighcompression

market. on the plow Oliver tractor governorcontrolled twoway fuel economy—the

mounted Oliver for plow. twoway No. 72 enough deep QD or Plows sulkyshallow—deep

larger They're bases. moldboard plows handle developtheir plants highest beet to reach

shortcoupled Their to turns. sharp make regulated. quickly ment. Plowing depth

lift Positive clearance. high greater means

lift. for Positive.Adjustable power 17 16, lift. power Oliver moldboard mounted QD

long strong, furrows. Extra inch 18 here or out spurs their earned have plows

where plowing is tough. lasting. See them at our nearest store.

MOUNTAIN Branches:STATESUTAH—Ogden,PhotoLogan,IMPLEMENTof theTremonton.Oliver 21 2-way tractor sulky plowCO

IDAHO—Preston, Blackfoot, Shelley, Idaho Falls, Rexburg. Rupert, Twin Falls, Buhl.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

President isotherarmedarmor.with truth and needs no

life of his is as mannerRudger Clawson The one cl vyi&A&iztpL. plain before him, sees the way who

{Concluded from page 138) and who has no time to lose, and no all things to rush, because move need trying. very time,surprise at that and to me to those to plan with according who City; Salt in Lake broughtI had been up

all my interests, all my associations, and, walk the ways marked out by the life is the of us all. Father Of such in I all expectations were thought,as my dUqh* SchovL President of Clawson, Rudger who it trial toSalt City, and was a great Lake

me to be called away. No inducements has lived long among men, and for

I the that offered Lord butwere was told presence and influence among whose S&njiiftA.

in that sustain apbless andwould me gratitude as he comes us we express pointment, and I testify to you, my brethren upon the eightyfifth anniversary of and sisters, that I have been sustained in my his birth. After graduation this spring

presidency of the Box Elder Stake... you may begin immediately to

This later call that has come has proven to Note: For further detailed articles on gain specialized training which

be a great surprise. I had no knowledge the life and activities of President Rudger the nation needs. Attend the

it it; of whatsoever, onlyof I had no notice Era: see Improvement Clawson The 1942 B. Y. U. Summer Quarter

this it in meeting. toas today has come me

onefourth of a year's 'President Clawson,"Rudger by B. S.—do blessing given that patriarchal a wasMy study before the usual of time Hinckley, Vol. 35:133 (Jan. 1932). that indicated of I would years agonumber

be called to a high appointment in the The Youth and Early Manhood of Rudger commencing college. By atChurch in the due time of the Lord, and Clawson,"B. S. Hinckley, Vol. 40:134 tending B. Y. U. four quarters

I presume that this is the appointment, now. (March 1937). each year, you can obtain

I feel very weak; I feel very humble, I Rudger Clawson's Service in the Council your degree in three years.

know that unless I can enjoy the spirit of of the Twelve,"John A. Widtsoe, 40:140

the apostleship and the faith and prayers (March 1937) A large variety of practical sisters brethren of and supportand my Father,"Impressions Samuel courses, of 'Some many patterned of my to

Ithis I cannot stand, succannot Church 1937). 40:142 (March G. Clawson, help individuals serve in the... ap- {Address in this labor uponceed

pointment as an apostle, Sunday afternoon, "When Box Elder 'Imported'Rudger Clawnational emergency, are ofOctober 9, 1898. Sixtyninth Semiannual son,"by S. Norman Lee 40:146 (March fered for students beginning

Conference Report, October, 1898, pages 1937) college, for other undergradu53-54.) With Rudger Clawson in Europe,"by ates, and for graduate stuHugh Ireland, 40:152 (March 1937) dents. Ample provision is

In some men a blustering manner Active at Eightythree,"Editorial—43:157 also made for physical develand rash, demonstrative speech are (March 1940). opment and recreation.

mistaken for courage and wisdom. Matter of History,"by LeRoi C. Snow,

But no one ever made this mistake 40:149 (March 1937). SUMMER QUARTER

in an appraisal of Rudger Clawson.

First RUDGER ELDER PRESIDENT CLAWSON AND 24 15July granite of his is cloaked courageThe Term—June

A. CALL1S ON UMBRELLA ON ROCK gentility.with wisdom The Alpine of his TOPCHARLES OF LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN OVERLOOKING 27 Term—July

is carried with humility.years The MOCCASIN BEND IN THE THE FAMOUS TENAugust 29 to of is dispensed TENsparkle RIVER, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, NESSEE his humor

give warmth and uplift and not to NESSEE, ABOUT THIRTY MILES FROM THE do hurt. The authority of his office SCENESTANDING.OF THETHIS KILLINGPICTURE WASOF ELDERTAKEN ONJOSEPHTHE is exercised with fairness and an unOCCASION OF PRESIDENT CLAWSON'S FIRST BRIGHAM YOUNG

derstanding heart. His voice conRETURN TO THE SOUTHERN STATES WHILE

veys the quiet conviction of one who BROTHER CALLIS WAS STILL PRESIDENT OF THE MISSION. UNIVERSITY

Provo. Utah

It's never too late to send an "Era"subscription.

* THE * SHARP ELECTRIC CO.

128 South State Street Salt Lake City, Ut.

HEADQUARTERS ELECTRICALFOR THINGS LAMPS—TABLE AND FLOOR

RADIOS—CHIMES

RANGES—FANS

TOASTERS—FIXTURES

it ALSO a limited supply of Genuine

CZECHO SLOVAKIAN CHANDELIERS.CRYSTAL

All Beautiful Importation*.

-fr BUY U. S. DEFENSE BONDS -fr

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942

SOLUTION OF FEBRUARY PUZZLE SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLEOLD TESTAMENT BOOKS "And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself."—Luke 24:27

Ntuta o->ow*o "

Vitamin Saving Ideas ACROSS 1 This book contains Israel's history under 31 Its first words tell all we know about

FOR the guidance of... the author of this book

6 This book is a treasury of prayer, praise, 33 Of the writer of this book, also, we and adoration only know what he tells 12 By deceiving his father, Jacob was able 35 This book of prophecies consists of

Electric Range 14 Theto eyelashes... Esau's rights 36 Thesefourteenwere chaptersgiven by Adam

15 Clamor 38 German musical composer uiviWiA. 1619 CompanyBarrier 4239 StampedBook of the priestly law

1. Use very little water in cooking. 2120 MakingEarth as a a dentgoddessupon (Gr. myth.) 4347 EsteemingSmall coin and weight Lev, 27: 25

2. Cook vegetables for the short23 Greek letter 50 Mountain nymph

Imbecile 53 last the "so 24 est possible time.

residence rural Pretentious 54 first"Matt... 27:64shall be worse* than the

utensils in the prophetic prophecies 3. Cover grandest The 55 to keep air out. 26 Timid

one are in this books Conjunction unnecessary stirring of 28 4. Avoid king's dream gave interpreter of a book of beginnings 56 The The 29 vegetables.

this us book 30 Volume o. Don't put in baking soda to

brighten food colors.

vegetables in boiling water. DOWN 6. Start

upright years man is the central figure of 31 An ofIsrael situation for many 7. Don't

this in - is told book.of Joshua after the death

Note 32 liquids—throwuse themaway in vegetablesoups or 1 Thethis book

cream sauces. 2 Willow 33 Article

8. Keep foods fresh in your Elec- 3 The "greater light"Gen. 1: 16 34 "A city that is... on an hill cannot be

5: 14 Matt. hid"of.a day Part 4 tric, refrigerator.

this in book of two messages. large.. room"Mark 14:15 35 Four "a plenty of green vege- 5 Serve 9. exactly dated are chapters Prospect 7

tables. 8 City Josh. 7: 2 37 Kind of shoe Mark 6: 9

weight 39 Chinese of Laws cooking. foods soon after Serve 9 Doctor 10. priest wrote this scribe and famous 40 city A Florida is to Broiling preferable frying 10 11. Chronicles of continuation this title contain bearing books 11 Two

retain vitamins. to numeral 41 Roman Israel of history

12. Lowtemperature roasting saves 13 Book named from the principal char43 Precipice in Hawaii

ostrich American South 44 the narrative acter in vitamins and minerals.

star new 45 A Gen. 41: 45 of Joseph 17 Home

18 Note 46 Show the teeth

inlet narrow Long 49 Bud Utah Power & Light Co. 2221 Fish 48 Being

judge priest and High 51 Perch 25 27 Noah's ark had them 52 Country festival.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1942'

Pres. Clawson Speaks

(Concluded from page 142)

On Debt

Any man who has been in debt, any man or woman who is in debt now, surely knows the evil of indebtedness. It is bondage.

It is worse than imprisonment. (C. R

October 8, 1920)

On Temple Marriage

The Priesthood is not received, or held, or exercised in any degree, by the women of the Church; but, nevertheless, the women of

the Church enjoy the blessings of the Priesthood through their husbands. This emphasizes very strongly the importance of marriage. Every woman in the Church, of mature age, and worthiness, who is ambitious

to attain to exaltation and glory hereafter should be married, should be sealed to a man for time and all eternity; and we trust

that the young women of the Church as well as the young men of the Church realize the responsibility of this important ordinance. (C. R., April 3, 1921)

Try this on your

. family tomorrow morning.

bring on the hot cakes and watch them break into grins and snap smartly up to the table.

Good's no name for it—and for these cool mornings, especially, there's nothing like a hot breakfast of "Al"pancakes

(or waffles).

"At"saves time...

saves money too!

What could be simpler than just adding milk or water to that grand Globe "Al"Pancake and Waffle Flour? All the

ingredients.are there—including. buttermilk. You mix the

batter in a jiffy—for perfect pancakes every time!

And remember, an "Al"breakfast means real thrift these days. It's one of the most economical you can serve.

RUDGER CLAWSON (LEFT) WHEN IN THE MISSION FIELD WITH ELDER JOSEPH STANDING Enjoy both Regular and Buckwheat (RIGHT).

The Standard Works The Bible, if mastered, would be quite GLOBE Also ask your grocwr for GLOBE "Al"—equal, I am sure, to a college education. The PANCAKE &MlWAFFLE

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Enriched Flour; Cake

and the Pearl of Great Price, standard FLOUR Flour; Biscuit Flour;

Church works,... are of equal value to Macaroni & Noodles.the Bible, and should have our closest and Buttermilk already added

most careful attention. (C. R., April 7,

1922)

19T'LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY TALL STORY

of America, interest in South we the awakened was George Washington noted for?"North "What With the names pronounce to learn "His memory."will do well how to America

of the countries correctly. Colombia as a nation has a different "What makes you think his memory was so great?"

pronunciation from the title of the song we sing, "Columbia, "They erected a monument to it."

the Gem of the Ocean."The o's in the word have the sound

of the the sound the i has obey; of the word o in the

of the a in arm. sound Thei accentin the ETERNITY? has the police; the a and word

falls on the second syllable, Co lorn bi a.

Peru is divided into syllables, with the accent falling on the On Finnegan's approach to the gates ajar, Finnegan resecond syllable, Pe ru. The e has the sound of the first e in the marked to St, Peter, "It is a fine job you have had here for

word event; the u has the sound of the double o as in the word a long time."

food. "Well, Finnegan,"said St. Peter, scanning his Irish appli-

$ cant for a moment, "here we count a million years a minute and a million dollars a cent."

TREES FOR FARM PLANTING "Ah!"said Finnegan, "I'm in need of cash, lend me a

of Forestry, the School plan agreement a cooperative Under cent."is repre- "Sure,"said St. Peter, "just wait a minute."Utah, College, Logan, Agricultural State Utah

senting the United States Department of Agriculture in the furnishing of young trees at nominal prices for farm planting WHERE, OH, WHERE!

in Utah. All trees secured from the college must be planted

on farm land in Utah for woodlot, windbreak, or shelterbelt The absentminded professor had searched frantically for purposes. his ticket for several minutes without results.

the trees be is offered species and a of choice may dozen A sure said "I'm the conductor, have mind,"you "Never little each. cent for as as a secured it it."find it to mail Just somewhere. you me when State Forestry, of all Utah to School inquiries Address The the professor. that's matter,"exploded but "Yes, minor a

Agricultural College, Utah. Logan, I is in to the world I going? where want am know "What

$ That ticket's got my destination on it."

The Improvement Era Street 50 North Main Salt City, Utah HE WENT BY THE BOOK Lake

Editor: Dear

etiquette studying book. an been had young man A A ever subscribers have been the much. very Era enjoy We later to the he said attended a dinner, days he few when it in parents always had in 1929 I since and our marriage my sir, the or hostess, case whichever you, madame, "Thank

I far as can remember. our as back home be."may

this original hither vitamin this and hurrying of In yon world jingle might not be amiss for "Your Page and Ours."A SILLY QUESTION

talk C, vitamins A, B, and You ever you?"mother spank your "Does Joe:

the of vitamins E, and G. D, some And does."she Betty: "Yes,

'tis true, these, get children that the You see ever you?"spank your daddy Joe: "Does

vitamins of the enough But they don't get YOU. bet."Betty: "You

Respectfully, hurts the worse?"Joe: "Which

Gubler. Emil Mrs. "I do."Betty:

MEMO TO EDITORS HE HAD TO RESPOND

ThetheImprovementglobe. ElderEraNortonis fillingDeanits Nixon,mission Branchin everyPresidentpart of Lady:Johnny "Johnny,(wailing) why: "Heare startedyou makingit."faces at that bulldog?"

at Campinas, Sao Paulo, Brazil, sends in an Improvement Era for subscription Senor C. N. Gama, Rua Sao Pedro 321, A SURE THING Brazil. Paulo, Campinas, Sao

Missionaries throughout the Church are becoming more conoffice clerk in ad a want a newspaper man astounded A of the scious missionary value Improvement Era in their of The fifty dollars for the return placing reward an ad offering activities, it to year. by are using greater advantage each and

cat. his wife's of pet established records outstanding The by the missionaries

"Isn't that high reward for a cat?"asked the a rather in the indicate that missionaries present campaign do appreciate the Era, and have a strong testimony as to its missionary ad taker.

value. "Not in this case,"said the man. "I drowned the cat."

J. K. Orton.

Salem, Virginia. ACCORDING TO CUSTOM

Dear Editors: "Hello, is this the fire department?"

am very much interested in genealogy, and for a time I "Yes, what is it?"

I couldn't decide whether I was worthy to do this work or "Where's the nearest alarm box? I want to turn in a fire

not. After reading President Grant's Opening Conference alarm."

Message in the May, 1941 issue of the Era, I had no more doubts. Everyone that has seen my work says it is all right, SILENCE IS GOLDEN

and they seem to be interested also.

Long may the Era live, and long may it send a wave of Mike: "Did you ever see a company of women silent?"

happiness and peace into our homes and hearts. Ike: "Sure."

Yours truly, Mike: "When?"

Mrs. C. J. Mayo. Ike: "When the chairman asked the oldest to speak up."

50,000 WATT KEY STATION FOR COLUMBIA IN THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST.

THE STORM KING

Anchored deep in the mountain soil, this weathered old veteran is buffeted by all the storms that blow up from the far horizons..yet today, after many, many

stormy years, he still stands, solidly facing the future with his roots grasping a firm foundation.

So, too, life insurance gives a solid anchorage in these turbulent times of "blood, sweat, and tears."Every man needs the

security of good life insurance so that he and his family can face the future with the strength that only a firm foundation can jive. See your Beneficial agent..

1EMEHCIAI. IfflE[MIM

Heber J. Grant, Pres.