m:-;

The Improvement Era September 1962

BUILDING THE FUTURE ON A NOBLE PAST

:GHAM YOUNG

w** < ifcJIteiWa

"is the power said Young, "Education,"Brigham work, world's act clearly, to and -Remember These Dates to think well in the the power to appreciate life."

The definition holds today, but the conditions have changed. Brainpower is a great national resource; Applications Due Sept. 1

the world's work demands trained minds; and appreciation of life can be complicated. Freshman Orientation Sept. 1821

It is wise to get your education at a great Church First Semester Begins Sept. 2225 university where students receive the deep education

of mind, body, and spirit together in an ideal social climate. Plan NOW to attend. For additional information, write or call University Relations Division.

Brigham Young University P R O V O UTAH BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

OPTICAL PRECISION

For precision optical tracking of satellites special highlycorrected fast telescopes are needed because of the satellite's high speed. Probably the best in the world are the

twelve BakerNunn telescopes used in the Smithsonian Astrophysical

Observatory's tracking net. The Baker-Nunn telescope can take a picture

with an exposure of onethousandth of a second and determine the position to about 2 seconds of arc or about the precision of the angle subtended by a US penny at a disTake the Supreme Test!

tance of 1.2 miles.

LONGNOSED CROCODILE There is a difference in saltine crackers...

The gavial is a longnosed fishand, when you take the "Supreme Test", eating crocodile living in the Ganges region of northern India. It may you'll discover that new, improved Sumeasure as much as 30 feet from preme Saltine Crackers are the thinnest,

nose to end of tail.

crispest, best tasting crackers you've ever

eaten. Get a package next time you shop

...and, enjoy 'em often!

WATER SPIDER

The water spider, Argyroneta aquatica, drops on a water surface and in some way imprisons a globule of air about his middle where the breathing tubes are. With this bubble of air held in place the spiderswims easily and rapidly underwater SUPREME

to catch water animals and small fishes. the oxygen is depleted, When

to thehe goes for surface a fresh SUPREME BAKERS bubble. BOWMAN BISCUIT COMPANY

Denver and Salt Lake City

SEPTEMBER 1962 617 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of fesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for September, 1962 Volume 65, Number 9

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Editor's Page: A Personal Testimony, Art

President David O. McKay 628 642645649 VirginiaDaveSargentBurton

655 Dale Bryner Virginia Sargent andYour Question: How Can First Nephi 3:7 and Doctrine and Covenants 84:4, 680681Steve Osborne

be Reconciled? All other art—Ralph Reynolds Studio

President Joseph Fielding Smith 630 Photos:

Learn to Know God, Mark E. Petersen 632 638639 RalphChurchClarkInformation Service

President David O. McKay, Hugh B. Brown 638

The Church Moves On, 624; Melchizedek Priesthood, 676; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 678.

Special Features

The Spoken Word from Temple Square,

Richard L. Evans 627, 656, 660, 664

True Science Is Our Ally, Floyd E. Haupt 634

The Kinderhook Plates, Welby W. Ricks 636

Genealogy? Yes, But Why? 642

Yes, But How? 644

Teachers, What about Your Lesson Application? Charles R. Hobbs 648

The Word of Wisdom—A Guidepost, Part I, Robert J. Beveridge, MB 650

Your Boy Is Not Alone, Joe Lacey 653

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 617; Letters and Reports, 620; These Times:

"The State, Prayer, and the Public Schools,"G. Homer Durham, 622.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Executive Homemakers.680

Last Word.688 THE COVER:

thee, for thank a prophet "We O God,..."latter in these us guide days To

Stories, Poetryismucha favoritefeeling hymnin theoftenChurch.sung with

September is the birth month of

Shoes and Stockings for Seven, Twila G. Peck 646 Presidentman RalphDavidClark O.( whoseMcKay.photographCameraof

the late President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

Poetry 627, 665, 675, 682, 686 appeared on an Era cover a year ago) caught President McKay in the board room at the Church Administration Building, a room well known to the President, as he there conducts

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah manyAuthoritiesmeetingsand withothers.the General

O. David L. Richard and McKay Editors; Evans, Doyle L. Green, Managing C. Josephson, Associate Mabba Editor; Managing Albebt L. Zobell this issue In President Reward, Editor; McKay Patricia E. MmoptoN, Grant, Caboti ReedEditor; Editorial Blake, Associates; Florence Pinnock, Todays FamilyTr Editor; D. Marion Hanks, Era shares The Editor; Youth with of Personal you Elaine Testimony,"JudithCannon, "A Era Associate Stf.phan,The YouthII. Editor; of Art Direction: Ralph Studio. ReynoldsB.

Junius M. Homer S. Durham, Franklin see Harris, President page B. and 628; Xibley, Jr., Sidney B. Sperry, Huch Hugh Contributing Editors.

T S. Florence Jacobsen, has tribute Associate a birthday penned General Brown Manager; F. Scott, Verl Business Manager; A. Snarr, Acting Glen Business w!f,"G.9e"emlnaer; "and Manager Director; Jackson,BYPfSubscription Thayer Evans, Advertising Director. President, to the beginning on page

638. Additional fullcolor photographs

accompany that article.

isThe Improvement Era not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but contributions. welcomes Manuscripts for are paid at the rate on acceptance of 2c must and a word be accompanied sufficient by postage delivery return. and

iS 'or ordering a change, please,requi include address,red a slip from recent issue of the magazine. Address Cover n? <; lithographedchanges c, if cannot unless TilbeSSpf the old made address of addrefas well as whenthefor one is included. new

Deseret by News Press.in full color

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

INSPIRATIONAL READING FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY

STAND FAST BY OUR CONSTITUTION,....... c,.,

Drawing from years of experience as Ambassador to Mexico, Solicitor for the Department of State, and UnderSecretary of State, and from a lifetime of dedication as a servant of his God and Church, the late President J. Reuben Clark, Jr's eloquent

addresses on American patriotism have thrilled millions. Stand Fast by Our Constitution provides readers with powerful food for thought in a rapidly changing world.

$2.95 MORMONISM Hugh B. Brown

President Hugh B. Brown's powerful and explicit explanation of

Mormonism to Pittsburgh Theological Seminary students is now available in booklet form! The publication outlines the organization of the Church, describes the functioning of Latterday Saint

auxiliaries, and gives vivid insight into Mormon beliefs and practices. For Church members in need of a clear statement of belief,

and for those wanting to know more about Mormonism, this booklet is a profound synopsis of Latterday Saint philosophy.

50c 3 IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF JESUS Doyle L Green

As a visual and verbal "tour"of the Holy Land, In the Footsteps of Jesus gives new insight into the land where the Savior once dwelt. Doyle L. Green, managing editor of the Improvement Era

and scholar of the life of Jesus, provides readers not only with unusual insight into the Holy Land via the written word but with reproductions of what are probably the finest color pictures of Palestine available in the United States today.

$1.95 4 LIFE'S DIRECTIONS Compilation of Fireside Talks by General Authorities

From the hearts and minds of those who number among the greatest souls in the Church come inspirational messages for the young.

Thirteen outstanding addresses, delivered to fireside groups (196061 ) by the First Presidency and General Authorities, are now compiled together for the inspiration of youth and those involved in any way in their welfare. u—ttC

5 I it tKA Ur I UU I I Selections from the Improvement Era

Here is a compilation of the best features that the Youth Section of the Improvement Era has published since its inception a year ago. Edited by President Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon,

this book is a positive approach to the problems faced by today's

Latterday Saint teens as they try to keep abreast of an increasingly complex and challenqinq environment. j. k $2.95

Deseret Book Company / 44 East South Temple / Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed please find check money order imi I have an account, please charge. Amount enclosed $.

Co. for encircled (numbered) books. DcsmtlsiBooh

- -'44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City/Utah.

3 4 5 12 Name

Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax

SEPTEMBER 1962 619 IF YOU'RE Letters IN A BIG, and BIG HURRY FOR Reports FOLDING CHAIRS...

SACRED CANTATA

A sacred cantata, Blessed Be the Name The cantata was also presented in of Our God, taken from the Book of Price, Provo, and Ogden, Utah. It featured

Mormon and written and directed by a chorus of sixty voices from the stake and

Glen A. Law, was presented recently beseven soloists, including Afton Banner,

fore 1,500 people at the Kolob Stake Kathryn Robertson, Kae Weight, Betty conference in Springville, Utah. This Wood, and LaVere Tippetts, Kolob Stake;

cantata, depicting the moods and settings Jim Rawlings, Springville Stake; and

of this historical record, was ten years in Clayne Robison, BYU. Accompanists were

the making, and represents serious thought, Annie Forshee and Gloria Sargent. Narstudy, prayer, and work by the young rators were Vern Young and Jimmy

Mormon composer. Lawrence.

FORTYSIX YEARS OF SERVICE GOES TO GERMANY

Grace Rowland, Studying German

Springville Fourth at Bonneville High

sooner a benefit be Stake, has (Utah) for than expected in a secretary f Ward,been Springville School proved to the YWMIA for seventeen-y e a r-old fortysix consecuMarsha Miller of tive years. In Septhe Thirtysecond

tember 1916 she Ward, Riverdale

Write, wire or phone for Samsonite. was set apart as (Utah) Stake. She

left recently for assistant secretary notWe're j noust know boasting.We ft%)l with her Germany and a later year as can touchbody it delivery us on (be

parents still her secretary where and or chairone price, 1,000). either. Or to father has been called build- a church has holds that position. She served under

So start the ball rolling today—Write, eight bishops in three stakes: Utah, Kolob, ing mission.

wire or phone for a and Springville. Marsha has been MIA chorister since

complete catalog 1959, has attained a 100 percent attendof all styles of instianceSacramentrecordmeetingto all formeetingsthe pastexceptsix years,one tutional furniture and count on us to ALL IN THE FAMILY andLaureate,has receivedand six herindividualHonor awards.Bee, Mia Joy,

do the rest. Athletically speaking, "Finch"is another

for the name Eagar of SecondSamsonite AllSteel Ward ISSUE APRIL the ABOUTFolding St. Chair is the (Ariz.) Stake. Johns Wives Glenda Arizona Tempe,"original"standard Finch', Finch, Finch, Nedra Donna Teddy Editors: Dearconstruction for inFinch, Josie the and Finch were onstitutional seating. that, Just a word to say in my opinion, volleyball their Earlier, women's team.

is the April a very 1962 Era achievehigh husbands, Arthur, Rulon, Jim, Tommy, and For price information, and delivery see your ment. Ferguson, Bennion, Grant, Yellow The Pages under Stanley, and "ChairsFolding"or the basketball ward up made

write Bros., Institutional Shwayder Seating Scroll pieces Sea important bring Dead team. Div.,. Dept. Detroit 29, Mich. ie92

to information reader. isn't the sight. in graphic end The are And the There

presently eighteen young Finches following material in the youth section breaks new in their parents'footsteps. ground and is unusually attractive.

Samsonite ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS 620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Every issue is a good issue. Be assured

of that always. I have merely taken a

few minutes to write and say so with respect to the April number.

Sincerely yours, G. Homer Durham, President

Arizona State University

DANISH BASKETBALL

Missionaries in Denmark are using basketball to introduce the gospel. As a result,

a star on the Danish championship team to the Church. a recent convertbecame

allstar By Paul H. Dunn of an the seasonAt the conclusion

team is selected in Denmark to represent and Cherie B. Parker

that country in the European finals. The

Mormon missionaries played this team recently and beat them 7754. The misarrangementssionaries are now making to Never has the need been greater for clear, effective teachnext year. regular leagueplay in the

ing throughout the Church... and every member, whether

aware of it or not, is teaching in one capacity or another.

The question is: How well? All too often, our teaching

has made little or no impression on the hearts and minds of the students. Here is a tremendously effective teaching

aid designed for all teachers in the Auxiliaries and Priesthood quorums and those engaged in teacher training. It

will be a useful tool in the hands of every Bishop, every parent, every Priesthood leader, and anyone else who feels the need to be a better teacher.

FINNISH MIA CONFERENCE $3.

Anmial threeday MIA conference for the

Finnish Mission was held on the campus of the Social Sciences Research Institute, Tampere. Highlighting the opening

session was the musical show, Green BOOKCRAFT

Leaves of Summer. In addition to regular 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

sessions, competition wasconference staged Please send copies of "You Too Can Teach"at $3.

art, sewing, photography, in speech, music, basketball, and track and field activities. each, for which I enclose my check or money order for

direction the conference was under The

Presi- $ Nordlin of and Antti Superintendent dent Silja Vinnikka. Guests included misName

presidentsion Mark E. Anderson and his Address Marilyn.wife

City...Zone....State.

SEPTEMBER 1962 621 Zippy, the Zions Savings Bug, says. THESE TIMES

llifLyK&jmlkg / > anow...:choice:

'\\ //>;"x: Sijif.vx::\ I of four j

| different J

savings: WIIM: plans!,*j

Enjoy personal attention at Zions Savings & Loan

PLAN 1 Standard Dividend Savings Plan

PLAN 2 Bonus Dividend LongTerm

Systematic Savings Plan PLAN 3 $5,000 Family Security Club

PLAN 4 FullyPaid Investment Savings Plan Do you want to: The State, Prayer,

Save regularly or occasionally?

... make small or large deposits?... reach your savings goal in a and

few years?... save over many

years and earn bonus dividends? The Public Schools

... have insurance plus savings?

You can realize any of these BYPRESIDENT,DR. G.ARIZONAHOMERSTATEDURHAMUNIVERSITY, TEMPE

desires with one of the savings plans at Zions Savings & Loan. Should the governing authority of the state be permitted to prescribe

Come in or write. a suggested prayer for its public schools?

This question was answered in the negative by the Supreme Court big, current of the United States in late June 1962. "Congress shall make no law rate new

per respecting an establishment of religion nor prohibiting the free exercise year thereof."This principle, set forth in the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States, by process of judicial interpretation,

applies as a limitation on the authority of the fifty states. The means

is the 14th Amendment's provision: No state shall pass any law abridging

"the privileges and immunities of citizens of the United States."Said

Justice Black, speaking for the Court's majority in a 6-1 decision (two compounded justices not participating): "In this country it is no part of the business semiannually of government to compose official prayers for any group of American

people to recite."

Utah's first savings & loan ass'n... 78 years

secure. Your accounts insured to $10,000 by The governing authority originally involved in the 1962 decision

an agency of the Federal government. was the school board of New Hyde Park, NY. In August 1958 this

board ruled that a twentytwo word prayer, recommended in 1951 by the New York State Board of Regents as an optional matter, would be used in the New Hyde Park schools effective September 1958. In a suit

organized by a parent, Lawrence Roth, the lower New York courts sustained the school board's order so long as no school compelled a pupil to join in repeating the twentytwo prescribed words. The highest

33 E. First S - Salt Lake City court of the state, the Court of Appeals, (Continued on page 667)

4901 South State in Murray

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Any 4 of these books

ioldeit Niiooois Somewhew Jve rea&

l. 3. 4. ssss="

WHY I BELIEVE GOLDEN NUGGETS of THOUGHT MINUTE MASTERPIECES SOMEWHERE I'VE READ

By George Edward Clark By Ezra Marler by Lucy Gertsch by Lucy Gertsch Thompson

LIMITED OFFE to demonstrate how membership in the LDS Books moug***

Club can keep you from missing the particular books you want to

read..

STORIES ANY 4 OF THESE $1.00 STORY WISDOM THOUGHTS7. FOR TALKS TREASURED

by Lucy Gertsch Thomson BOOKS FREE by Albert L Zobell, Jr. by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

if you agree to buy as few as one book every three months. With

every 4 books you accept after

Story becoming a member, you receive Swings a fifth book of your choice free W"

R FREE BOOKS, 10.

STORY QUOTES MAIL COUPON TODAY! SERMON SEEDLINGS STORY TELLER'S SCRAPBOOK

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

$tori|: lITTSf SUB letterlifj0''i+

BEACON Sermons

-'—13. lBKsm 14 mmim is.

UNEARTHED A LETTER TO LETTER MY DAUGHTER TREASURES TO MY SON A STORY SERMONS BEACONS STORY i2.

Stewart by Ora Pate Ora Pate Stewart by by Ora Pate Stewart L. Zobell, Jr. Albert by L. Zobell, Jr. by Albert

LDS Books Club, Inc.

Box 4001188 South Main Salt Lake City 10, Utah Please enroll me in the LDS Books Club and send me postpaid the book checked at the right as my first selection, regular price enclosed. I understand I will receive the 4 books circled below as my free gift for

joining now. Forthcoming selections and alternates will be described to me in a monthly

proLJ always printed form the returning by simply any book decline bulletin and I may 59 Taf{ 53 Benson Ezra B J next.. I the during three months book, every as one as few to vided. agree buy

"B [ for every I will book receive thereafter. a BONUS resign anytime and 12 months may, nu \\James f lc.ne- T,7,ainid*e *"D* is enclosed. for order or I accept. check money additional four booksI $ My

--1. 1 -,0 1/1,r Patterns for Living

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 By Mark E. Petersen $3.50

Name The Glory of the Sun Sterling W. Sill $3.50 By i; f Address...

Myth Makers The City "Zone "State -""O mKwMjft iff By Hugh Nibley $3.50 M H.D.S. Books Club, Inc.

1188 SOUTH MAIN P.O. BOX 400 SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1962 623 ADVERTISEMENT GOOD HEALTH by DON LYMAN Do you make this mistake about good health? Do you claim that you

are in good health in spite of the The Churchfact that you put up with such minor discomforts and annoyances as sinus, neuritis, indigestion, constipation, dry hair, brittle fingernails, fatigue,frequent colds, blotchy skin, obesity, Moves On or occasional insomnia?

Or do you believe with us that June 1962 good health means good appetite, a zest for living, good digestion, tonedThe First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder up muscles, restful sleep, and a body Don Van Slooten as president of the Netherlands Mission strong enough to resist successfully succeeding President J. Henry Volker. President Van Slooten

the many minor infections that strike is currently serving as first counselor in the Wilshire Ward, Los us so often? Angeles (California) Stake bishopric. He is a native of Bancroft,

Rest, sleep, relaxation, recreation, Idaho, but has lived in Los Angeles most of his life. He filled

and exercise as well as good food all a mission to the Netherlands beginning in 1956. His wife Nancy

play important parts in this problem Jo Swenson Van Slooten and their infant son will accompany him of good health. to the field of labor.

We are confident that a good diet This was the annual "Old Folks Day"in Salt Lake City when including our natural food suppleresidents over seventy years old, regardless of race, creed, or color, ment, "Lyman's Daily Supply"tabwere entertained at Liberty Park under the direction of the Church.

lets, will furnish a generous supply of all the Minerals and Vitamins Wichita (KansasOklahoma) Stake formed from the Central known to be needed or believed to Kansas District of the Central States Mission with Elder be needed in the daily human diet. Lee R. Meador sustained as president with Elders George

These tablets can be an important P. Clay and Marion H. Toland as counselors. The stake has four

link in the chain of things you do to wards, five branches, and a membership of 2,112. It is the 355th

maintain that better - than - average stake now functioning in the Church, and was created under the feeling of wellbeing. direction of President Joseph Fielding Smith and Elder Howard W.

"Lyman's Daily Supply"tablets Hunter of the Council of the Twelve. Elders Oliver Cowdery and

furnish 44 elements all from natural Parley P. Pratt first visited Kansas in 1831 while on a mission to

food sources: 16 Vitamins, 8 Minthe Lamanites.

erals and 20 other pure food extracts Elder Arvo Van Alstyne sustained as president of Los Angeles and concentrates containing trace (California) Stake with Elders Edward A. Nadle and Winfield Q.

minerals and other elements beCannon as counselors. They succeed President John M. Russon,

lieved to be needed. You can trust who has been called as president of the Swiss Mission. His counnature to select whatever nutrients selors were Elders Ralph T. Rolapp and John H. Webster.

the body needs—and reject those it

doesn't need. The tablets are good, The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

wholesome, concentrated natural Wayne F. Mclntire of Northridge, California, as president of

food elements. Take them with your the West German Mission. He succeeds President Royal K.

meals. Hunt of Salt Lake City. President Mclntire is currently serving

Formula and other information as patriarch of the Reseda Stake. He served in the SwissGerman

will be sent with your order. Your Mission from 1931 to 1934. Since then he has been a branch presimoney back if you are not thoroughdent in California, bishop of Martinez Ward, Berkeley (California)

ly pleased with this outstanding Stake, and as a member of the high councils of the Los Angeles value. LESS THAN 2c PER TABand Reseda stakes. To this new mission assignment will go his

LET! Send for a supply for your wife Edith Marsh Mclntire and their three daughters.

family today. Many groups are

raising funds by selling the tablets. The first official step toward the restoration of the historic

Mormon City of Nauvoo was taken as the First Presidency

Don Lyman & Associates directed the organization of Nauvoo Restoration IncorpoEast 9th South 1087

City Salt Lake 5, Utah EMcm 3-9674oto/i rated, a nonprofit corporation authorized to proceed with the quantities of Lyman's following Inc. restoration. the of Restoration, President Send is Dr. Nauvoo LeRoy J. Daily J

tablets: vitaminmineral natural Supply

is Salt of Vicepresident trustee City. and Kimball Harold Lake

| bottles) $32.50 Tablets {4 2,000 of City, recently Salt P. appointed of the chairman Fabian Lake 16.95 bottles) Tablets ] (2 1,000 |

500 Tablets (1 bottle) 8.95 j Citizens Advisory Board on National Parks, Historic Sites, Build100 Tablets (1 bottle) 1.95 j ings, and Monuments for the US Department of Interior. SecretaryMy name | treasurer and trustee is A. Hamer Reiser of Salt Lake City. Other

My address - | trustees are J. Willard Marriott of Washington, DC, and David M.

State Zone... City action of Chicago. This of the First Presidency Kennedy came

I selling in interested Lyman's be may Daily I| of anniversary on the 118th the returning of the bodies of the tablets. vitaminmineral Supply

I I for interested in a a fundraising product am D project.

ADVERTISEMENT

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A TOTAL ELECTRIC

Prophet Joseph and his brother the Patriarch Hyrum to Nauvoo.

They had suffered martyrdom the evening before at Carthage,

Illinois.

The addition of fifteen new members to the three standing til correlation committees of the Church coordinating council was announced. They are: To the adult committee: Keith R.

Oakes, Sunday School general board; Hortense H. Child, YWMIA

general board; Irene Woodford, Relief Society general board;

Aldon J. Anderson, East Mill Creek Stake presidency; August F.

Faust, high priests presidency of Canyon Rim Stake; Thomas S.

Monson, area supervisor of stake missions; Ruth H. Funk, YWMIA

general board, Norman R. Bowen, bishop of Bountiful Sixteenth

Ward. To the youth committee: Emily H. Bennett, former member

of the YWMIA general presidency; D. James Cannon, University

Stake high council; Ernest Eberhardt, Springville Stake high council. To the children's committee: Daniel A. Keeler, Sunday School

general board; Delia D. Provost, Erma Y. Gardner, and Hermana F.

Lyon, all of the Primary general board.

July 1962 A wonderful new way to live Elder William D. Callister succeeded Elder Aldon J. Anderson as first counselor to President Orin R. Woodbury of

East Mill Creek (Salt Lake area) Stake. Elder Joy F. Dunyon

succeeded Elder Callister as second counselor.

Elder Elder succeeded Claridge R. Whitmore Kay C. Rodney UTAH LIGHT POWER CO. &

as to President counselor second Bryant of Cumorah W. Rossiter

cfeafor Buy from your now York) Stake. (New

The stake conferences this week end were the last ones planned until the week end of August 1819.

President Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency dedicated

the remodeled parts of the Alberta Temple at Cardston.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Truman G. Madsen, bishop of the BYU 11th Ward and

chairman of the department of history and philosophy of religion at Brigham Young University, as president of the New

England Mission of the Church. He succeeds President John E.

Carr. President Madsen filled a mission in New England from

1946 to 1948. To this new assignment will go his wife, Ann

Nicholls Madsen, and the couple's three children. The New England States is the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith, Presidents Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, and others.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Royal K. Hunt, recently released as president of the West

German Mission, as Church legal counsel in Europe.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder of California, Sterling Nicolaysen of as president Fremont,

Mission, headquarters with the at Lima, Andes Peru. He BUILD the Future

this call President President Nicolaysucceeds Vernon Sharp. At J.

as first Stake. through of in the counselor sen is serving presidency Hayward

He is former bishop of Alameda Ward, OaklandBerkeley Stake and has served as a stake mission president and as a member of the r...HOME.............----...STUDY...........

stake board. mission in the a SpanishAmerican He filled YMMIA

to 1949. His wife Vivian Nicolaysen Please send free Mission from Williams 1946 and their three children will accompany him to this new assignment. HOME STUDY

The Andes Mission is one of the newer mission fields of the Church. catalog to:

A mammoth youth parade, with floats largely constructed NAME, by the children themselves, this morning began Salt Lake ADDRESS.

City's weeklong celebration of the coming of the Mormon CITY STATE.

to: HOME STUDY

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO.UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1962 625 Pioneers. Other features during the week included rodeos, street

acts, and religious services.

An income tax ruling, particularly applicable to those contributing to the support of LDS missionaries was further clarified: (1) A taxpayer who sends money directly to his

son or daughter cannot claim a deduction as a charitable contribution. (2) A taxpayer who contributes money to a missionary fund

may deduct this money on his tax return as a charitable contribution. If it is made to a fund, it is not considered a gift to the

individual missionary and is therefore deductible. (3) Such contributions received by a missionary from a fund are not considered

part of his gross income, but instead represent nonreportable reimbursement for expenses. (4) A taxpayer who sends money directly

six hundred total son'sLETTERPRESS todollarhis missionaryexemption sonif heor furnishesdaughter canmoreclaimthanthehalfregularof his support and if the missionary's gross income does not exceed six hundred dollars. A simple situation would be a father who conPRESERVING tributes ten dollars a month to his ward elders'quorum missionary

YOUR PRIDE IN fund. He may not specify that this money go to his son alone if

CRAFTSMANSHIP he is to claim a deduction for it. Roland V. Wise, district director

Perfect of the Internal Revenue Service in Salt Lake City said: "The test

photoengraving in each case is whether the organization has full control of the plates time after donated funds, and discretion as to their use, so as to insure that can time be achieved only with craftsmen they be used to carry out its functions and purposes."

whose entire time and skills are devoted to letterpress plates. Accepting a special invitation, the Salt Lake Tabernacle

Choir was part of the first live American telecast to Europe through the marvels of the communications'satellite "Tel- 'ROSE ENGRAVING CO. star."Its part of the program was presented in the Mount

1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 Rushmore amphitheatre in South Dakota, at the base of the world's

largest sculpture. In its three minute segment of televised time

it sang the universally loved hymn "A Mighty Fortress Is Our

God,"as the cameras played alternately upon the choir and the coilspring sculpturesconcluded, ofandtheotherfour AmericanAmerican scenespresidents.were shown,Later, asthethechoirprogramsang

comfort... plus the the last verse of their arrangement of "The Battle Hymn of the

Republic."privacy of Valiantly Onward, the pageant of pioneer life that is traditionally presented at this season, began its three nightly performindividual seating ances in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. It has a cast of some 1,400

in n m"a Bainw.*www ii [ i [ iiiiiiiii [M ii n iiHMnn i n iiminmnmffliffiMffliin!iinfflrffT singers, choral readers, and Indian tribesmen. Many of the singers

were members of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir who had sung

These chairs combine the tradiearlier in the day at Mount Rushmore. Performances of Valiantly

tional dignity of wood and the modOnward this year were dedicated to President Joseph Fielding of a deluxe coilspring comfort ern seat, additional luxury in Smith of the Council of the Twelve. provide

the private, individual styling of unit. Seating tailored each be may Saints Latterday there grateful are gathered, Wherever was

to selection decor wide through the of this day, anniversary arrival the 115th the remembrance dignified faof colors and durable brics. A catalog showing the comof Brigham Young in the Salt Lake Valley.

plete line of HeywoodWakefield seating ts | This morning the Salt Lake City "Days of '47"parade had and the quality features yours for the asking. Write for more than 170 floats, bands, and other units. This year's theme

yours today. was "It Happened in '62."The parade was televised by a station

in Salt Lake City and over two stations in Idaho.

Valiantly Onward, the presentation at the Salt Lake Tabernacle, and the concluding rodeo at the state fair grounds were well attended.

August 1962

America's Witness for Christ, one of the country's great religious pageants, began its four nightly performances at the base of the Hill Cumorah, Palmyra, New York. Large

and appreciative audiences greeted each of the Wednesday to

Saturday evening performances. This is the twentyfifth year of

that dramatic retelling of the Book of Mormon story.

HEYWOOD. WAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH.

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

INLAND FOLK BY FRANCES S. LOVELL FILMS DEVELOPED

here places the inland We of AND PRINTED per roll hills live the have no fear with which

B & or 12 Exposure any 6, 8 W Roll of storms or sun or lightning's prong; For Roll only 35c per PRINTS JUMBO

we grow, like them, headhigh and strong.

the do not miss beat of sea We COLOR FILM placidity, in mowing's wide and in our bones feel quiet peace DEVELOPING in echelon of autumn geese. KODACOLOR

8-Exposure Roll per We know a secret forest place Dev.1 2-Exposureand PrintingRoll $2.55 perroll

Where anemones lift up their face ColorDev. andReprintsPrinting $3.0020c eachroll

and know a rosebush by the door

SLIDES COLOR is more than prince or governor. 135 mm Color Slides We knoiv the cloud spume of the sky 20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35rollper

that drifts against the lazuli. 36135exp.,mm ColorDev. andSlidesMount $2.40 rollper

We hold the hills to be our guide Color Movie per and live, contented, by their side. 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

GENEALOGY PHOTOS NEGATIVES MADE off OLD

off NEGATIVE, 4c each Like Practicing in Public... PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s

RICHARD L. EVANS MoneyBack Guarantee

is a sentence There that from Baron Lytton suggests subject: a is like "Life violin playing a today SAM'SP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah THE solo in public learning instruthe,"he said, "and

SPOKEN ment as one goes on."1 We are often inclined to WORD

judge people by the flaws in their performance. We

are likely to judge a young person, for example, by some foolish or inexperienced act or utterance. People sometimes have carried

through life the stigma of a single remark they have made, while millions of constructive intelligent good remarks may not be remembered. This doesn't mean that what a person says or does is not

significant, or that he should not be classified or accountable for his acts or utterances. perfection But there of is no in any us, FOLDING and principally of in many ways men differ their by the percentage

goodness or flaws or faults. Turning to another figure for a moment, PEDESTAL TABLES

the percentage of socalled perfect diamonds is relatively small, Direct from factory savbut there are many beautiful stones that have some small flaws. Clubs,ing Lodgesto Churches,and all Schools,organiAnd we don't discard the diamond for the flaw. But at this point, zations. MONROE 1963

Folding Tables are Banquet for the figure fails us, static. people aren't are changing; They

for quality, duraunmatched are learning, they often repenting, often improving, to and say that Partitions bility, convenience and handsomeone is unacceptable at some point in his performance is not some appearance. 94 models and sizes for

to say that at some later time he may not earnestly have improved every use. Write for prices, catalog.

his performance. And while we cannot set aside the law of causes ColorFREEpictures.BIGFull line1963MONROECATALOGtables, chairs,

and consequences, or suspend the penalties of a poor performance, table and chair trucks, platformrisers, portthis we must remember: that people change and move; they can ableTHE partitions.MONROE CO.,Write249 today!Church St., Colfax, Iowa repent; they can improve. Now to come back to the sentence that

started us on this subject: When we pay to hear a violinist perGIFTS GREETING CARDS & only do so after he has through of Sell form we been a long process Christmas and All Cards Occasion

practice, with notes, imperfect Stationery Jewelry Wrappings unpleasant sounds; many Toys '/ with much

faulty fingering. But such practicing is usually done without an Over 2S0 Name Imprinted Christmas Cards

in Extra Spare Time Money Make audience, is while of learning live life to much the out in Organineeded. experience open. No

zations, housewives, is like "Life playing solo in a violin public, learning instruthe and big shutins, others can makestudents, ment as one goes on."Life is for learning, for practicing, for profitsItems sell to on100%sight.plusSendbonus.for

improving, and it isn't always easy, as everyone knows, and all of FreesalableCatalog,SamplesFreeon Albumapproval, us need understanding, and especially the young, for so often in life Cards,Name details.ImprintedFreeChristmasSurprise

we do our practicing in public. Gift with First Order.

Dept. ER-4 HEDENKAMP, xBaron Lytton (presumed BulwerLytton to be 361 York 13, N. Broadway, New

approval on Please & all details. send me Samples "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square )presented over KSL and the Mail

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 24, 1962. Copyright 1962. Coupon Name

Address Cify, Zone, Stale.J

SEPTEMBER 1962 627 ITATl A Personal Testimony THE EDITOR'S PAGE / PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

The Lord never forsakes you who I realized in youth that the most earnestly seek him. Sometimes there precious thing that a man could obtain

are obstacles in life; there is persecution; in this life was a testimony of the

there is selfdenial; there will be tears, divinity of this work. I hungered for it;

because you are constantly in contact I felt that if I could get that, all else with enticements, with worldly ideals, would indeed seem insignificant. I did

and you will have to overcome them to not neglect my prayers, but I never felt stay upon the road to eternal life; and that my prayer at night would bring that

for the moment there will seem to be testimony; that was more a prayer for

sacrifice, but it is only temporary. The protection, as I look back upon it now,

Lord never forsakes those who seek him. to keep intruders away—really it was

The answer may not come just the way more of a selfish prayer—but I always

you think, but it will come. The Lord felt that the secret prayer, whether in the

will certainly fulfil his promise to you. room or out in the grove or on the hills,

Illustrative of this, I am constrained would be the place where that much to add my personal testimony. I seldom desired testimony would come.

speak of manifestations that have come Accordingly, I have knelt more than to me. I do not know whether it is the once by the serviceberry bush, as my

Scotch reticence or what, but I do not saddle horse stood by the side. I relike to speak of some things which are member riding over the hills one aftermost sacred to me. noon, thinking of these things, and

I listened as a boy to a testimony concluded that there in the silence of the regarding the principles of the gospel, hills was the best place to get that testithe power of the priesthood, the divinity mony. I stopped my horse, threw the

of this work. I heard the admonition reins over his head, and withdrew just a

that we, too, might get that testimony few steps and knelt by the side of a tree.

if we would pray, but somehow I got The air was clear and pure, the sunan idea in youth that we could not get shine delightful; the verdure of the wild

a testimony unless we had some manitrees and grass and the flowers scented festation. I read of the First Vision of the air; as I recall the incident, all the

the Prophet Joseph Smith, and I knew surroundings come to me anew. I knelt

that he knew what he had received was down and with all the fervor of my heart of God; I heard of elders who had heard poured out my soul to God and asked

voices; I heard my father's testimony of him for a testimony of this gospel. I had

a voice that had come to him declaring in mind that there would be some manithe divinity of the mission of the Prophet, festation, that I should receive some and somehow I received the impression transformation that would leave me withthat that was the source of all testimony. out doubt.

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I arose, mounted my horse, and as he delible impression upon me. Paraphrasstarted over the trail I remember rather ing the words of the Savior to Peter, he

introspectively searching myself, and insaid: "Let me say to you, Brother David,

voluntarily shaking my head, said to Satan hath desired you that he may sift myself, "No, sir, there is no change; I am you as wheat, but God is mindful of

just the same boy I was before I knelt you."Then he added, "If you will keep

down."The anticipated manifestation the faith, you will yet sit in the leading

had not come. councils of the Church."I knew that the

Nor was that the only occasion. Howanswer to my boyish prayer had come.

ever, it did come, but not in the way I But the testimony that this work is had anticipated. Even the manifestation divine had come, not through manifestaof God's power and the presence of his tion, great and glorious as it was, but

angels came, but when it did come, it through obedience to God's will, in was simply a confirmation; it was not harmony with Christ's promise, "If any

the testimony. man will do his will, he will know of

On one occasion I was seven thousand the doctrine, whether it be of God, or miles from home when President James whether I speak of myself."(John 7:17.)

L. McMurrin was attending a conferTest it from any source you wish, and

ence in Scotland. In the priesthood you will find that there is not one phase

meeting of that conference the power of the -gospel of Jesus Christ which will of God was so manifest.that one man not stand that test; and as you, in your

present in that little room jumped to his weakness, as you in your youth, under feet and said, "Brethren, there are angels take to embrace these principles of life in this room,"and strong men began to everlasting, you will find it instilling weep, not for fear, not for sorrow, but out upon your soul a benediction of the Holy of the fulness of their souls, which left Spirit which will give you a testimony them a testimony of the truth of that beyond any possibility of a doubt that statement., The man's declaration did not God lives, that he is indeed our Father

impress me very much; but the Spirit and that this is his work established

present did impress me. through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

But when President McMurrin arose That is my testimony to you. I know

and said: "Yes, there are angels in this it. The most precious thing in life! You

room, and one of them is the guardian can test it. I would rather have my

angel of that young man sitting there"—children and their children and their

and he pointed to a young elder whom children's children feel that than to ob-

I knew and who was in our conference tain any earthly emoluments, because I (now it would be called a missionary know then that they will be good citidistrict)—he was weeping as though his zens. I know that they will be good

soul would overflow; "and,"continued fathers and good mothers. I know that

President McMurrin, "the other is the they will be honest and true to everyguardian angel of that young man over body, and to God. I know that everythere,"and he pointed to a boy with thing which a man ought to be and which

whom I had been associated. I knew by a woman ought to be, they will become,

inspiration that what President McMurand they will do it through obedience to rin said was true. There was not one the divine principles of the gospel.

man in the room who did not know it, God bless us and guide us to be true,

I had learned by intimate association true to him and his work. This is in

with him that James McMurrin was very deed the gospel of Jesus Christ.

pure gold; his faith in the gospel implicit; May he give us strength to live it, not

that no truer man, no more loyal man only to preach it, not only to bear testito what he thought was right ever lived; mony to it by voice, but also in very

so when he turned to me and gave what deed to live it and bear testimony to the

I thought then was more of a caution world thereby that we do know whereof than a promise, his words made an inwe speak.

SEPTEMBER 1962 629 "HOW CAN FIRST NEPH1 3:7

AND DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS 84:4,

BE RECONCILED?"

question: "How can we reconmandeth them,'with the Doctrine

cile 1 Nephi chapter 3, verse 7, and Covenants, wherein the Saints in which Nephi states that the Lord were commanded to build a temple gives 'no commandments unto the in Independence in that generation,children of men, save he shall preYOUR which temple was not built accordpare a way for them that they may ing to the commandment which accomplish the thing which he comwas given?"QUES

answer: There is no conflict obtaining the plates that were so

whatever in these two passages essential to the welfare spirituallyeven if some such contradiction TION and temporally of the descendants seems to some to be apparent. of Nephi, that in any sense is in

Usually a generation is considered conflict with the commandment or promise that was made by the Lordto be, "The ordinary period of time ANSWERED BY at which one rank follows another, in the revelation given to the or from father to son in succesProphet Joseph Smith. We read in JOSEPH another revelation given to the sion."However when the Savior said to the Jews: "... An evil and FIELDING Church in January 1841, where

adulterous generation seeketh after the Lord absolves the members a sign; and there shall no sign be of the Church from the obligationgiven to it,..."(Matt. 12:39.) SMITH of building the temple, in the folPRESIDENT OF lowing words:He evidently set no definite time limit, but referred to a condition THE COUNCIL "Verily, verily, I say unto you,

which could prevail indefinitely OF THE TWELVE that when I give a commandment as long as wickedness endured, to any of the sons of men to do a though it should extend through work unto my name, and those sons several generations from father to of men go with all their might and son. It may be reasonable to assume that in giving with all they have to perform that work, and cease

this revelation to the Prophet the Lord did have in not their diligence, and their enemies come upon them mind the generation of people who would still be and hinder them from performing that work, behold, living within the one hundred years from the time it behooveth me to require that work no more at the of the announcement of the revelation, and that they hands of those sons of men, but to accept of would enjoy the blessings of the temple, and a gloritheir offerings.

ous cloud would rest upon it. It is also reasonable "And the iniquity and transgression of my holy laws

to believe that no soul living in 1832, is still living and commandments I will visit upon the heads of in mortality on the earth. Notwithstanding this there those who hinder my work, unto the third and fourth

is nothing in the commandment given to Nephi, neither generation, so long as they repent not, and hate me, in his assurance that the Lord would bless him in saith the Lord God.

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Therefore, for this cause have I accepted the offerthe house of the Lord according to what had been ings of those whom I commanded to build up a city written? It is a sufficient answer to such a question

and a house unto my name, in Jackson county, Misto say, that the real time for the building of that souri, and were hindered by their enemies, saith the temple had not arrived, therefore the Lord postponed

Lord your God. the day. The building of the temple under all the

"And I will answer judgment, wrath, and indigconditions was not an essential requirement in the nation, wailing, and anguish, and gnashing of teeth year 1832. Surely the Lord would have overruled all

upon their heads, unto the third and fourth generation, opposition had there been the necessity at that time so long as they repent not, and hate me, saith the for such a magnificent building to be built. To the

Lord your God. contrary he absolved the Saints and postponed the

"And this I make an example unto you, for your day. When considering the word of the Lord conconsolation concerning all those who have been comcerning the efforts of the members of the Church,

manded to do a work and have been hindered by it is wrong to think that the members were not dilithe hands of their enemies, and by oppression, saith gent in their duties in that day, and that the Lord the Lord your God. had been overruled by wicked men, and his com-

"For I am the Lord your God, and will save all mandments had failed.

those of your brethren who have been pure in heart, A similar incident of apparent failure occurred in and have been slain in the land of Missouri, saith the coming forth of the Book of Mormon when through the Lord."(D&C 124:4954.) the persistent pleading of Martin Harris the manuscript

This should be a sufficient answer to the question. of the Book of Mormon was permitted to be taken to

The Lord accepted at the hands of the members of exhibit to Mrs. Harris and some of her friends. The

the Church their efforts and absolved them. It is manuscript was stolen and no doubt those who stole

an interesting thing to know that during the Civil it made changes in it as the Lord indicated that they

War, that section of Missouri suffered, and the wrath would. The Prophet and Martin Harris felt that irreof the Lord was poured out upon it, and some of parable error had been done, and they at first wonthe people who hindered the work of the Lord partook dered why the Lord would permit such a serious

of this wrath in fulfilment of that prediction. thing to happen. The truth is that the Lord knew

It should also be remembered that the Lord opened what would happen from the very beginning and had the way for Nephi because the obtaining of the plates made provision for such a serious blunder. The loss

was an absolute necessity as Lehi has pointed out. It of this manuscript was felt to be a great lesson to the

was a matter of spiritual life or death to have in their Prophet, which lesson perhaps he greatly needed. The

possession the sacred records which Nephi was sent result thereof, however, was that the Lord had in back to Jerusalem to obtain. Therefore the Lord store a better account of the same historical events,

overruled all opposition and made it possible for far richer in detail. The apparent evil therefore

Nephi to accomplish the work assigned to him. Some turned out to be a blessing for all who read the Book

critics may arise and say why then, could not the of Mormon. Surely the Lord knows the end from

Lord overrule all opposition in the day of the Prophet the beginning, and no matter what the actions of

Joseph Smith and make it possible for the building of men may be the purposes of the Lord will prevail.

SEPTEMBER 1962 631 LEARN TO KNOW GOD The great objective of MIA work is to build faith suspicion. Added to that, the communist line of

in the hearts of the youth, that they may become atheism is catching on among more and more people, good Latterday Saints. much as we may despise and oppose the political

But good Latterday Saints must believe comviews of those same communists. Communist views

pletely in the Lord our God. They must accept on religion are certainly no less to be abhorred than

him without reservation. They must serve him communist views on politics.

with devotion. But is atheism any less dangerous when it comes

We are living in a day when more and more under the guise of intellectualism than when it comes pressure is being put upon young people to disfrom the communists? Are not the effects of anticount their religious teachings, to disbelieve in Christ as devastating from one source as from another?

God as a factor in their lives, and to depreciate Atheism is atheism, and it is deadly in every form.

the influence of those who are of a religious frame Yet there are those who hardly dare mention the of mind. name of God for fear of embarrassment.

This comes in spite of the fact that many great In some of our legislative bodies, some lawmakers men of the world—scientists, scholars, and statesactually oppose a prayer for divine guidance. On

men alike—declare their own faith in the divine some campuses a person becomes almost suspect if

Creator. Some of these wise men tell us that our he shows any inclination toward spirituality.

very existence in this nuclear age may yet depend Think of it! In this country whose very motto is

upon our acceptance of God and his ways. "In God We Trust."

I hope you read only this week the farewell Is confession of faith something to be ashamed of address of General Carlos Romulo of the Philipthese days? Is the Creator to be shunned in this age

pines when he said to America, "May God keep of intellectualism? Is the communist line of atheism

you always, and may you always keep God."to be victorious in America? And will that kind of

Yet in many circles, men who have great influvictory, if it comes, lead to political surrender also?

it is the rising generationence in shaping the thinking and opinions of Heaven forbid! And yet

young people openly attempt to dissuade them in their impressionable time of life who are being subfrom their faith. Among increasing numbers it jected to these evil influences.

is becoming more and more popular to disregard Young people, seeking earnestly for light, are being religion, and even to look upon it with scorn and guided by confused men and women into lines of thought and activity as dangerous as anything the "From an address delivered at the 63rd annual MIA Russians have to offer. What a tragedy to have so

June conference, Friday morning, June 15, 1962 in the

Salt Lake Tabernacle. many of them so badly misled.

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1BY ELDER MARK E. PETERSEN

And then there is the creeping indifference to they get this conversion?

religion which is spreading so rapidly. It is almost They must obtain much of it from you, the leaders.

as effective in destroying faith as the atheistic line You must help them to understand that God is real.

itself. Faith can die of inactivity and indifference as You must help teach them that the Almighty is a factor

well as from a crushing blow. If we reject faith, we in their lives, a factor of infinite power and grace.

add to the strength of the godless ones who seek to It is from you and other teachers of the Church destroy us. To turn our back upon the Lord, even that they must gain the strength to be faithful and

through indifference, is to ally ourselves with our true, whether in times of temptation, of intellectual greatest and most deadly enemies who do the opposition, or of plain ordinary indifference. So

same thing. great is our responsibility!

Faith is the foundation of our civil liberties and all To lead the youth we must be leaders in very deed.

our valued blessings. It is our only hope for security We ourselves must hold to every standard which we

in the future. Then we must rally our forces to save hope to make a part of their lives. We must be as

it. We must build up our defenses. We must propfirm in the faith as we hope they will be. There must

erly and effectively educate our young people. be no more indifference in us than we hope to see

We must teach youth the truth. They must be in them.

given the facts about God, not the destructive theories We must accept in all its significance and meaning of uninspired men. And who can better teach these the commandment, "... Thou shalt love the Lord thy

facts than we who have received a new revelation of God with all thy heart, with all thy might, mind, and

God through the Prophet Joseph Smith? strength; and in the name of Jesus Christ thou shalt

There is no theory about our teaching. There is serve him."(D&C 59:5.)

no discounting our testimony. We know whereof we But I ask each one of you, can or will we serve God

speak, and we speak the truth. with all our heart unless he is a genuine reality to us,

Our youth must not, they shall not, be overcome unless we know that he lives, unless we feel an affinity by the faithless influences of the world. They have for him? Can we make God a reality to those whom

a great destiny, and that destiny is with this Church. we teach if he is not a reality to us? Is God actually

But can they fulfil that destiny without faith? Can a reality to you? Do you have a testimony of him?

they remain faithful without a genuine conversion to Does your testimony persuade you to serve him at the truth? Can they obtain this conversion without all costs?

leaders who will plant in their hearts a deep convicIf we do not keep all of his commandments, can we tion of the reality of God? Will they serve the Lord say that we have a real testimony, a wellfounded

if they do not have this conversion? And where will faith? If we do not keep ( Continued on page 684

SEPTEMBER 1962 633 I TRUE SCIENCE

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by floyd e. haupt Elder John A. Widtsoe said of science and the gospel: "In the end the two must

OF MATHEMATICSASSISTANT PROFESSOR

UNIVERSITY become as one, for their common objective is truth."1 Let us consider some ideas BRIGHAM YOUNG

in both fields as evidence that his prediction is being fulfilled.

Our church doctrine holds that the true religion embraces all truth, while presentday science is regarded as being lesss inclusive. In practice, however, since

new discoveries are being made (or obtained by revelation) in both fields it follows that each has something for the other to consider.

Sincere scientists are often attracted to the gospel because they feel, consciously or otherwise, that their known technical truths have a striking resemblance to doctrines of the Church. For instance, one possible, but very loose, mathematical

definition of infinity is: "If the numeric alvalue of a variable v ultimately becomes

and remains larger than any preassigned positive number, however large, we say v becomes infinite."2 This statement makes sense to someone who also wants to

reconcile an "Infinite"God with the principle of eternal progression.

Our Church has long had an idea which is essentially the same as the above mathematical concept. Those who attain the stature of Gods will have a continuation of the seeds forever, or as one of our General Authorities has put it: "The

family organization will not be broken and will endure forever and they will have eternal increase."3 But no matter how great our own kingdoms may become they

will always be only a part of the kingdom of our God.

If a man can become a God, 4 and hence be infinite, how can he remain under the God he now worships? This should not be a difficult idea for mathematicians.

They already deal with infinities of different "size,"so they are closer to LDS

Church doctrine than they realize. Their concept of infinity is closer to our doctrine than it is to the belief of any other church. The inherent nature of things

has forced these thinkers to adopt essentially correct ideas.

Another example of corresponding ideas can be found in the concept of a mathematical "function."An elementary mathematics text gives us this rather

loose definition: "When two variables are so related that the value of the first

variable is determined when the value of the second variable is given, then the first variable is said to be a function of the second."5 Mathematicians have also

expanded this idea to include the possibility that the first (dependent) variable may be a function of many independent variables simultaneously.

From the definition of a function it is plain that our revealed doctrine6 is considerably more scientific than the philosophies and theologies which, for instance, hope that we are to be saved by grace or faith only ( in contradiction to the second chapter of James), or teach that we can go indefinitely far into debt without paying the associated consequences.

The terrific power of science today lies in its systematic use of this postulational method. That is, when a scientist attacks a problem he makes a tentative list of

basic ideas (postulates) that he is willing to accept without proof. He examines

their effects and retains them if they seem selfconsistent, adequate, and complete.

New discoveries may cause this list to be altered, enlarged, or even replaced. The

Church regards this as a legitimate method for finding truth. In fact, the scientific

method bears a remarkable resemblance to the teaching of Alma. 7 It would

appear that the "modern method is really an eternal method and applies in all fields of learning.

The scientific method can be applied in two processes which are essentially opposite to one another. They are called "induction"and "deduction."

Induction requires the scientist to guess general rules from a few specific examples. This is how natural laws are discovered and reasonable postulates are

formed. The users of induction have a need for revelation, but men do not always

recognize or understand the influences of God. Rene Descartes, a strong advocate

of pure reason, claimed that the basic ideas of (Continued on page 662)

SEPTEMBER 1962 635 WELBY W. RICKS

PRESIDENT UNIVERSITY ARCHAEOLOGICAL SOCIETY, BYUTHE KINDERHOOK PLATES

1 (| -

|1I

I *:- 4

.

v -., A recent rediscovery of one of the Kinderhook plates which was examined by Joseph Smith, Jim.,

reaffirms his prophetic calling and reveals the false statements made by one of the finders.

A few years ago, two nonLDS professional engravers,

Stanley B. Hill and Edward Pwiiski walked into the

Chicago Historical Society and asked to view a bellshaped brass plate known as a Kinderhook plate.

Their purpose was to determine whether it had been engraved with a pointed instrument or etched with acid. What they found solved a seventyfour-yearold

controversy and put the plates back into the category of "genuine"which Joseph Smith, Jun., had said they

were in the first place.

What were the Kinderhook plates? How did Joseph

Smith, Jun., become connected with them, and why

5 Plate Kinderhook of the number Left: side. was there a controversy over them? The following is Plates. plate reverse Sam,e Below:

A sizeable acid blotch appears on this side the story which should be of interest to every Latterwhich was not there originally. It is entirely day Saint.

probable that Dr. Harris did this in his

attempt to clean the plates with sulphuric On April 23, 1843, a group of men excavated an old acid. (Photos by permission of the Chicago earth mound just outside the town of Kinderhook,

Historical Society.)

Illinois, and came up with a most interesting find.

The excavation was headed by Robert Wiley, a local merchant of the town who had become extremely curious about the possible contents of the old mound ever since he had dreamed of finding treasure there.

After digging down about twelve feet, they came upon "fire burned rock, charcoal, ashes, and badly decomposed human bones. Near the encephlon a bundle

was found that consisted of six plates of brass of a bell shape, each having a hole near the small end, a ring through them all and clasped with two clasps."

The plates appeared to have some kind of writing on them but were so badly oxidized they could not be clearly distinguished until Dr. W. P. Harris, MD,

certificate is the notarized Following of two treated them with a dilute solution of sulphuric acid Stanley B. Hill Chicago engravers, and

Edward Pwiiski, stating that "The plate was which made them perfectly clear. They were comwith engraved a pointed instrument and pletely covered with "hieroglyphics"on both sides.

not etched with acid."

A certificate stating the facts of the find was drawn up and signed by nine of the men present and sent

June, 85,1953 to nearby newspapers. Since Nauvoo was only a

To whom it may concern: short distance away, the church periodical Times and

On the above date, we have personally examined a Seasons, received the story quickly and published it

Kinderhoolc Plate in the Ohioago Historical Sooiety and to with all details. Drawings of the plates as well as of

the best of oar knowledge this Plate was engraved with a the certificates were printed along with the story as pointed instrument and not etohed with aoid. related to them by the finders.

Interest ran high as to the meaning of the writing on the plates. The editor of the Quincy Whig, a nonMormon paper wrote: "... By whom these plates

were deposited must ever remain a secret, unless someone skilled in deciphering hieroglyphics may be

STATE OF ILLINOIS found to unravel the mystery. Some pretend to say

COUNTY OT COOK j that Smith, the Mormon leader, has the ability to and toSubscribed Bvom this 26th day June, of 1953. before me read them. If he has, he will confer a great favor on

Notary Public the public by removing the mystery which hangs over them. A person (Continued'on page 656)

ear, Right: President David O. McKay

stands with Elder Harold B. Lee and

others at a general conference of the Church.

Below: He and "Sonny Boy,"the

President's favorite mount enjoy a few minutes'relaxation together.

Below right: A horse, a harness, and winteron the farm—and the President has a sleigh ride

with a group of children.

Below far right: Whenever and

wherever President McKay goes, there are admirers and wellwishers.

PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

EIGHTYNINE ON SEPTEMBER EIGHTH

BY HUGH B. BROWN

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

This month we pay tribute to President David O. McKay, distinguished citizen, beloved

husband and father, prophet, seer, and revel ator of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, who will celebrate his eightyninth birthday September 8.

This writer disclaims what is implied in the editor's request, viz, that he is entitled to the honor of writing this article. However, as almost two million Latterday Saints and

thousands of others in many nations are hoping that someone will undertake to express for them a word of appreciation to our great leader who is so universally loved and honored, an attempt will be made.

If one should try to write the complete biography of such a man, though the writer be a contemporary and close friend, and even if he were a Plutarch or a Boswell, he would need several volumes to compass the sphere or sound the depths of such a life. In a few

brief notes, then, one can only hope to remind the reader that living among us is a man who is tall physically, towering mentally, and Christlike spiritually.

The study of the life of a great man, whether it be a historical review or a contemporary appraisal, emphasizes the truth of Longfellow's oft'quoted lines that "Lives of great men all remind us we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us footprints in the sands of time."Perhaps such reminders are a justification for biographical sketches.

Certainly acquaintance with great lives through biographies has a wholesome influence on youth, guiding them in the conflicting currents of early life, stimulating ambition to emulate what they admire, and providing them with a formula for rich and radiant living.

When one stands before a masterpiece, whether it be a painting, a piece of sculpture,

SEPTEMBER 1962 639 Youth greets the President: the

tiny hand of the son of Lee Cane, Ogden,

Utah, has the privilege that many desire.

classical literature—or a life—he becomes aware of the

difficulty of attempting to evaluate or delineate. There it

stands and mere words, be they ever so eloquent and descriptive, can neither add nor detract a jot or tittle. One can only

call attention to background, harmony, salient features, compelling distinctions, and general excellence.

The enduring quality of many notable men of the past was unrecognized until the envy, jealousy, and prejudice of contemporaries had been wiped from their spectacles. The

lives of some great men have been brought into true focus only when seen through the unerring lens of time.

But occasionally the stature and worth of a man is recognized and appreciated during his lifetime. This is notably

true of the subject of our sketch and results largely from the fact that throughout his lifetime he has been a dedicated man, one who has lost himself in service and found himself leading the common people, one who has never lost the common touch.

President McKay knows firsthand the problems of the farmer and the laboring man. He

was born a farmboy, and his parents'farm has since become his own—his home to which

he frequently returns to be close to the soil, and there get a grass roots perspective and a hilltop view of the problems of the day and time. He has always loved horses and even

in his eightyninth year he proudly rides his favorite Sonny Boy after personally grooming him.

As a young man he aspired to become a teacher; he has always comprehended the vast

dimensions of educational possibilities and implications for the future. Now, for more than

fiftysix full years as a General Authority of the Church he has taught the divine, eternal, and saving truths of the gospel to hundreds of thousands who have been privileged to listen to modernday parables from a great spiritual leader. Truly he is one of the great teachers

of our time.

Listen to one of his stories:

"I passed through two farms up near the mountain canal on the way to my old home town.

I saw that one farm had yielded an exceptionally good crop of oats. Notwithstanding the

drought, the cold in the spring, and other disadvantages, the farmer had threshed an excellent yield. Just over the fence was another oat field, but a failure comparatively speaking.

I said to the man: "Why, what is the matter? You must have planted poor seed.'

"'No, it is the same seed that my neighbor has.'

'Then it was planted too late, and you did not have enough moisture in the ground to bring it up.'

"'It was planted the same afternoon that he sowed his.'

"Upon further inquiry I learned that the first man had plowed his field in the fall; and

then he had disked it carefully in the spring, making a mulch on the surface, and by such

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tilling had conserved the moisture of the winter. His neighbor, on the other hand, had

plowed his late in the spring, had left the furrows unharrowed; the moisture had evaporated.

Following the sowing of the seed came from four to six weeks of drought, and there was not sufficient moisture to germinate the seed. The first man had made preparation, the proper

kind of preparation, and nature yielded the increase. The second man labored hard, but his

preparation was poor; indeed, he had made inadequate preparation."

The vigor and fertility of his mind are attested by his published volumes and the current editorials appearing each month in the Era and Instructor, as well as his innumerable sermons, dedicatory prayers at temples, stake centers, ward chapels, schools, institutes of religion, monuments, etc.

With four sons and two daughters (and also one infant son deceased), his family life has been ideal, and his tender solicitude for his lovely and devoted wife is inspiring to observe. He is a gifted but reticent poet. He writes most of his poetic verses to "Rae,"his

sweetheart of over sixtyone years. In private and in public life he is always a gentleman; courteous, tender, kindly, and considerate. His Christlike love for children and youth is legendary.

In choosing champions in any field, judges invariably investigate antecedents, stock, heredity, blood, as well as performance. We who have witnessed the sturdy growth, the

ripening fruit, and the almost indestructible virility of body and mind of the man whom we honor today, call attention to his heredity, his native gifts, his environment, and outstanding accomplishments.

In April 1906, when David O. McKay was called to become a member of the Council

of the Twelve, some of us were on missions in England. The Millennial Star, the voice

of the Church in that land, reprinted an article from one of the church magazines in Salt

Lake City. It contained this interesting paragraph:

"Their home was a home where the priesthood of God was always respected; a home

where the performance of every religious duty was a part of life; a home where respect and

honor for parents and for each other was impressed daily by words and acts; their home was

a home in which the most sacred obligation was the daily devotion to God."

That, of course, was referring to the home of Bishop and Sister David McKay, the new apostle's parents, but it is also an accurate description of the home of President and Sister

David O. McKay. The President's childhood came to an end when his father left for a

mission in Scotland and said to David, "Take care of Mama."From that time on he has

had an uncommon sense of responsibility and it has been constantly with him.

They who, at various times have accompanied him to his "Bonnie"Scotland, the ancestral home of the "McKais,"have noted his enduring love for that rugged land; and in traveling

with him have often heard him quote from Cotter's Saturday Night, Tam-O-Shanter, and other writings from his favorite authors, including Carlisle, Scott, and Burns. One sees on his office

desk, along with the standard works of the Church, several volumes bound in tartan.

Choice quotations from these writers intersperse voluminous scriptural citations used by

President McKay to illustrate and emphasize his masterful ( Continued on page 665

SEPTEMBER 1962 641 tion. Without baptism there is no admittance

into the celestial kingdom. "Except a man be

born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enterGENEALOGY? into the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.)

Confirmation follows baptism.

YES, BUT WHY?

"Salvation"is a gift of God to everyone. Through Advancement in the celestial kingdom is achieved

the atonement of Jesus Christ, all will receive through the ordinances of the temple.

a part in a resurrection. "Salvation"is given to The endowment provides an opportunity for adall, regardless of race or religion and regardless ditional covenants between God and man. It

of whether the teachings of the gospel are obeyed provides the keys which permit upward progress or rejected. "Salvation"is given to all, even to within the celestial kingdom.

those who have never heard of the name of the Savior. TEMPLE

e %y*

Brigham Young said, "This gospel that we preach is the power of God unto salvation to all who believe and obey."Obedience to the teachings of The sealing ordinance is the capstone of the

the gospel means compliance with all the gospel arch. The full meaning of this statement

ordinances. can be better realized if we understand that the

"Exaltation"is the gift of God given only to those family is the unit of exaltation. No man can rewho accept the gospel and obey its teachings. ceive the fulness of exaltation, alone—nor can

a woman receive that blessing alone. But a man

and a wife, sealed by the power of the priesthood

Baptism is the first step. It is the door to exaltain the temple, and provided that they keep all

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the commandments thereafter, can pass on to marriage, and death, details of all children and exaltation to continue to become like unto God. correct relationship are necessary items of

identification that will establish the individual identity of each ancestor.

wmW

The ordinances of the gospel are essential to all ivho wish to receive the fulness of exaltation. The

Lord has made no exception for those who died This essential identification is obtained through without the opportunity of obeying the gospel. genealogical research. Searches in records of the

The dead, as well as the living must comply with past will provide the necessary names, the dates this laic. It requires just as much to save the and places, and relationships that will identify

dead as it does to save the living. our ancestors.

Vicarious temple work is wholly dependent upon genealogical research. Vicarious temple ordiThe living must take care of the dead. The nances can be performed only after genealogical

ordinances of the gospel belong to this life, and research has been carried out to provide the those who do not receive these blessings here necessary items of identification.

cannot receive them in the spirit world. They

may repent and believe and accept the truth after their earthly existence, but they cannot be baptized, confirmed, ordained, or endowed, for these ordinances belong to this life. The living,

then must act vicariously for them. In the

temples the living stand for those who are dead and receive these ordinances in their behalf.

Vicarious temple work and genealogical research go hand in hand. You can't have one without

tine other.

How important then is genealogical and temple tvork?

Brigham Young said, "We have a work to do just as important in its sphere as the Savior's

Before vicarious temple ordinances can be perwork was in its sphere. Our fathers cannot be

formed, those for whom the work is intended made perfect without us; we cannot be made

must be identified. perfect without them. They have done their

Your ancestors must be identified as completely ivork and now sleep. We are now called upon to

as possible. Names, dates, and places of birth, do ours.... (Journal of Discourses 18:213.)

alogy there are certain steps to take. Steps that

are part of a planned research program. GENEALOGY?

YES, BUT HOW?

1:,.:;,:JO:!1::: The first step is home sources::::

And so John searches among his papers for any-:

thing of genealogical value—certificates of birth

I—marriage and death—diaries—journals—old

letters, and so on.

Meet Mr. John B. Ginner. He's just been converted to the importance of genealogical re-

::";-;:::: ': search. See how enthusiastic he looks. Yes sir. ":

He's been motivated to do something. t

.....:,

After motivation WHAT?

But to do WHAT?

:r: And very important, says Mr. Genealogy, don't

z. forget to contact your relatives. Find out what

'. they know—what they may have done. Visit

those you can.

:*! J,

V.

....

:: i I*;::: This is Mr. Genealogy. m Write to those you can't visit.

: Iff I

P.

Research Program He's been telling John B. Ginner that in geneForm a family organization so that you can pool

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA your resources. Share the load of a research live close enough to Salt Lake City, you can now

program. search in the library of the Genealogical Association for books and films of your ancestors.

And don't forget the Church Records Archives at the Genealogical Association in Salt Lake

City. If you live close enough to Salt Lake City, You'll find a vast collection of records in the

check to see whether there are records of your library in Salt Lake City. But don't think you'll

family among the over four million family be able to do all your research work in the ligroup records there. brary. Some of it will have to be done by correYou don't want to duplicate the work that others spondence, by.writing letters to people in whose

may have done, so check the archives very carefully.

If you live some distance from the Genealogical

Association in Salt Lake City, this check would have to be done for you by the research department through a paid research survey. Details

of this survey will be covered in a subsequent writing. custody certain records will be found. And so

you will have to learn about the records of the areas from which your ancestors came. You

will have to learn about the contents of the records, the period of time for which they are available and of course, where they can be searched.

These are important items in the consideration

You will have to plan your library work. I'll of record sources. You'll find this a fascinating

show how to do that, says Mr. Genealogy. study.

(If you live too far away, however, we will have to plan a different approach for you.)

CORRESPONDENCE 3 LIBRARY & \ ARCHIVES -

HOME

Remember then, says Mr. Genealogy, the

planned steps of research—home sources,

archives, library, correspondence.

John B. Ginner invites you to join him, as in

subsequent writings these steps of research will

Then you're ready to do actual research. If you be discussed in detail,

SEPTEMBER 1962 645

One summer my cousin and I had the pleasure of spending the day on the farm with Grandma—just the three of us.

While Grandma busied herself about the house, the orchard, and shoes & the garden, we hurried off to the creek, our favorite playground. We

took off our shoes and stockings and waded along the bank.

The stream was mysterious with its soft gurgling of ripples over the rocks, the willows trailing untidy branches into the shallows alongstockings the bank and the blue sky above piled with whipped cream clouds. We

spent most of the afternoon playing here.

It was getting late, and the sun was on the last lap of its journey toward the horizon when we reiuctantly gathered up our shoes and for stockings and started back toward the house along the poplarlined fence.

The soft dust squinched between our toes in pleasant little puffs as we padded along. Near the gate we sat on a bridge and washed

our feet in the irrigation ditch, with intentions of putting on our shoes seven BY it was too hot for shoes and stockings TWILA G. PECK and stockings. But we decided

after all. "It looks as if a good storm is brewing tonight, and it seems good to have company,"said Grandma as we sat down to eat.

A few flashes of lightning were beginning to light up the sky, and the thunder was grumbling under its breath when we decided we'd better go to bed before Grandma had to carry us in.

We had been asleep only a short time when I awoke with a start.

I'd often listened to my friends talk about the end of the world, and

I was sure this was it. I ducked under the covers as a great clap of

thunder seemed to jar loose all my past misdeeds from forgotten corners of my brain, and I knew in a flash I'd never make the celestial kingdom.

We heard the springs squeaking and (Continued on page 669)

To be effective, a teacher of the gospel of Jesus Christ must literally change the lives of his students. When they leave the classroom, they must go, not alone with

increased knowledge of the truths that have been taught, but they must leave with the desire and ability to apply that knowledge in their everyday living. Not until

this latter goal of "doing"is achieved will a teacher realize effective results in teaching the gospel.

The question might be asked, "How can a teacher of The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints help students literally to apply the truths taught them?"

To do this a teacher must be prepared for each lesson with a variety of motivational methods which will convey to students an understanding and a conviction of the desired and preplanned objective. Lesson preparation must be directed

towards procedures, both in the classroom and out, which will motivate students and promote understanding, conviction, and application of the principles taught. The

development of methods which will motivate student application should receive most of a teacher's attention.

In his lessons, the average teacher of the Church motivates but a limited degree of application in the lives of students, with perhaps a more sizeable measure of understanding. Generally, the application of the principle taught is left to the student

to figure out for himself and to do on his own initiative. On the other hand, the

successful teacher will provide ways and opportunities for his students to experience a principle of truth being taught through an application of the principle. A

very effective approach in helping students realize such a teachergoal is through use of the application assignment.

What is an application assignment and how is it used? The application assignment is a well thought out and clearly defined task suggested by the teacher, or

the students, wherein the pupils are immediately to begin practising the truths they have come to understand and accept through a motivating lesson. For the students,

this type of assignment links the classroom with the outside world of reality. It

CONDUCTED brings students to practise the ethical and spiritual principles learned through classBY THE

UNIFIED CHURCH Teachers, what about your

SCHOOL BY CHARLES R. HOBBS coordinator of southern utah seminaries

SYSTEM

room experience. They, in essence, become "doers"of the principles taught them.

An example follows of how an application assignment may be adapted to a lesson.

It is an actual account of a situation which developed as a class discussed the principle of love.

Brother John Doe had taught a stimulating lesson to his twenty students on "How Can We Learn to Love Our Friends and Enemies."Feeling assured that the

students had a good understanding and conviction of the principle of love, he said to the class, "How many of you are willing to make an effort to love everyone with whom you work from day to day?"All hands went up.

Brother Doe then passed out a slip of paper to each student and said, "Would you now think of the person you dislike the most, or love the least, whom you see almost every day?"When all had someone in mind, he said, "Place a symbol at the

top of your paper which will serve to remind you of that person. You must avoid

! letting others know who this individual is unless you have a friend who, in confidence, will help you with this assignment. Now that you have someone in mind,

w -,.:.. you are ready for your challenge. It is: Learn to love this person you have in mind."

With this, Mary cried out, "Oh, no, Brother Doe, we can't do that."

Bill said, "It's too hard. The kid I have in mind is just no good. We have

words practically every day."

Brother Doe calmly said, "You can do it, and I am Joan had decided on the day the assignment was going to help you. Let's make a list on the chalkgiven that Suzanne, who had been snubbing her

board, which you can copy on your sheet of paper, for some time, perhaps was not really "stuckup."

of ways one can learn to love an enemy."Through selfanalysis Joan decided that she, herself,

As the discussion progressed, Carla suggested, was partly at fault. She therefore set out with a plan

"When I pass this person in the hall, I guess I could to find out why Suzanne acted as she did. Through an

smile at her."Another item placed on the chalkboard occasional smile at Suzanne and by passing a sincere

was, "Decide, first of all, why you dislike this person compliment to some of Suzanne's closest friends, the and list these reasons on the paper. Then, try to find two girls began to enjoy warmer relations. Joan finally

a solution to each reason."Joan suggested, "Ask found a close friendship with Suzanne. She later

yourself what you might have done to cause ill feelings testified in class that this came about through an effort with this individual."to look for and talk about Suzanne's good qualities

After a few general approaches were listed and rather than her weaknesses. This attitude became

discussed, Brother Doe gave the students a tenminute contagious, and Suzanne began to appreciate Joan study period for developing their own plan of learnfor her consideration.

ing to love the person in question. Mary and many of the other students enjoyed simiAt the end of the study period, Brother Doe inlar successes.

formed the students that in one week he would ask Through effective structuring of the application asthem to write an evaluation of their progress. Two signment and through consistent followup, Brother

questions would be presented for student response: Doe not only gave the students an understanding of

( 1 ) What have you done this past week in learning the principle, "love thy neighbour,"but he helped to love the person you have selected? them to live accordingly. Thus, they became "doers

(2) What was his reaction to your efforts? of the word."

This followup procedure was to take place at least Did Christ use the application assignment? Of all

three or four times at oneweek intervals. teachers, Christ was perhaps the most ardent user of

As the days and weeks passed, it was found that the application assignment.

every student who tried made remarkable progress. To those who walked with Christ and found a

Bill reported in the third followup evaluation that degree of understanding and conviction in his meshe and his once bitter enemy were now "pals."sage, he said: "Therefore (Continued on page 673)

lesson application!

THE WORD OF WISDOM- A GUIDE POST

BY ROBERT J. BEVERIDGE, M.D.

Part I Down through the ages certain guideposts have been have learned that to receive fine prices for their set up to help men in their progression—social, ecoproduct, they must have an almost perfect leaf. Since

nomic, and religious. One of these was given by the it must not be marked by sunburn, the young plants

Lord on February 27, 1833, a vital guidepost called are put under muslin sun shades. Neither can it be

the Word of Wisdom, found in the 89th section of marred by insects, so for generations the prudent the Doctrine and Covenants, with five explanatory farmers have been spraying their crops with potent verses in the 59th section. insecticides, the vast majority of which contained

The Word of Wisdom is given with the promise lead arsenate or arsenic of lead. This is sprayed on the

that if we adhere to the tenets set forth we will have growing crops two, three, or four times a growing great strength, endurance, and that we can "run and season. Some of the arsenic is absorbed directly

not be weary, walk and not faint."It also promises into the leaves and stems, but for the most part, the

that we will have wisdom and knowledge, even hidden rains wash the arsenic off the plants and leach it treasures of knowledge. Finally, it says that the angel into the soil. Therefore, the soil in the tobaccoof the Lord will pass us by as he did the children growing area is estimated to be between five and

of Israel and not slay us. thirty percent higher in arsenic content than the soil

The Word of Wisdom "is adapted to the capacity generally throughout the United States that is utilized of the weakest of all saints, who are or can be called for crops for human consumption.

saints."The weakest, it says, not the strongest! Now These tobacco plants are living, breathing organisms,

you can see why our stake presidents and bishops just as we are, and they take into themselves what use the Word of Wisdom along with other laws as happens to be in their environment just as we do.

They take into their leaves and stems quantities of arsenic, and a person who later on inhales the residue of smoke from the burning leaf, takes into his body a certain amount of this arsenic—a deadly poison.

One thing not generally known is that arsenic is what we in a sort of measuring rod of the worthiness of church the medical profession call a carcinogenic agent. This

members. They may not be able to look deep into may be a new term for many of you; a carcinoour hearts and tell exactly what kind of persons we genic agent is one that will produce a cancer in a

are, but at least, they have this outward manifestation. susceptible organism. There have already been isoWhat must we do to find ourselves recipients of such lated from the residue from tobacco smoke, ten

tremendous blessings as are promised? We must carcinogenic agents; arsenic, benzypyrine, and nickeladhere to God's health code—the Word of Wisdom. carbonyl, just to name three! This then is your first

There is a keystone in the Word of Wisdom itself, reason for not using tobacco: the arsenic contained

for it states that one can utilize all that God has proin the cigaret smoke.

vided, if one does so with prudence and thanksgiving. The second aspect. During the second voyage

Prudence and thanksgiving, the keystone to the Word of Columbus to America, some of his men went ashore of Wisdom! To help us determine for ourselves what to investigate, but they fled back to their ship, tellis prudent, several examples are cited. We are asked ing the story of monsters living on this land that could

to refrain from using alcohol internally, from using breathe smoke and fire. When some of the officers

tobacco in any form and to refrain from drinking hot went ashore to investigate, they found the natives drinks which has been interpreted to mean tea smoking groundup tobacco leaves. When Columbus

and coffee. and his crew returned to Europe, they took back with

If you were to go to North Carolina, a leading them some of the plants, some of the natives, and tobaccogrowing state, and look out over the vast this newfound custom. Tobacco was then introduced

fields of tobacco, you would see some interesting into the courts of Spain and Portugal. In the court

sights, for much of the acreage would be under muslin of Portugal, there was a man by the name of Jean sun shades. There is a reason for this. The farmers Henre Nicot, the French ambassador. He saw this

SEPTEMBER 1962 651 new custom, tried it, Third, as you are sitting reading this, you do not and became addicted, have to tell your heart to beat, for it goes about its and upon returning to business very quietly, efficiently, effectively, pumping

France he introduced it somewhere between seventy and one hundred times among the nobility. a minute and pumping about five quarts of blood

Even Catherine de through itself every minute. This blood is made up

Medici,, the queen of of two basic parts: the liquid part we call plasma, and

France, gave it a try. the solid part we call corpuscles. The vast majority

Mr. Nicot was later of these corpuscles are billions upon billions of little

sent to Russia as French red corpuscles, which, as far as we are concerned, are ambassador. Again he basically the oxygencarrying vehicles of the blood.

introduced this newThey are pumped by the heart out to the lungs, found custom. Even where, after discharging their load of carbon dioxide,

the empress of Russia they pick up a cargo of oxygen. They then return

tried it; however, she to the heart where they are pumped out by the heart

became extremely ill to the brain, the muscles, and the various tissues of and retired to her quarters where she was attended the body.

by her court physician. After examining her, he When an organic substance burns—you know what

declared, "I do not know what it is, but there is I mean by organic—this is something that has lived—

something in the smoke of this plant or weed that wood, coal, paper, cloth, leaves, tobacco—and if it

is a deadly poison."burns with a bright, brilliant flame in the presence

This deadly poison was not isolated until approxiof oxygen, it breaks down into two basic compounds, mately three centuries later. It is called an alkaloid, water and carbon dioxide, or C0 2. Should it, however,

and is one of our three deadliest poisons naturally just smolder, and let me remind you that a cigaret is occurring in nature, exceeded only by the toxin of engineered so that it just smolders, it then breaks the spoiled food bacteria, the botulus bacillus, and down into water, carbon dioxide, and also, carbon is equalled in its deathdealing potential by cyanide monoxide. Yes, it is the same carbon monoxide that

or prussic acid. This deadly poison in tobacco is issues forth from the exhaust of the internal combusnamed after Jean Nicot, and is known as nicotine. tion engine of your automobile. I am sure there is no

There is enough nicotine contained in a package one who would be so stupid as to run his automobile of cigarets, that should it be isolated and put into engine in a closed space like a garage, with the four equal doses in a hypodermic syringe and injected windows and doors closed and then stay in there into each of four young people, two would almost with it, unless he wanted to die.

certainly die, and, perhaps, a third. Yes, it is a deadly In the blood stream of moderately heavy smokers

poison. On an average, there are ten micrograms of there has been found between seven and fifteen

nicotine in each cigaret. Fifteen micrograms have percent carbon monoxide. When this carbon monbeen fatal on occasion. oxide becomes attached to the red cells, it is very

There is enough nicotine left in concentrated form difficult for it to be removed because of its marked in the cigaret butt that is often left lying around the affinity for the red corpuscles when compared to house, that should your little toddler, brother, sister, oxygen. In some instances, it takes ninety to one

son, or daughter pick it up, chew it, and swallow it, hundred and eighty days for the carbon monoxide to he might die. This happens a number of times in be completely freed from the red cells. This is one

the United States every year. reason why coaches and trainers tell you that if you

Each year a number of young people of junior are going out for competitive sports you should not high school age take a few deep inhalations of a smoke, for it is absolutely impossible for a person to cigaret for the first time and then drop dead or function at peak efficiency and, I might add, mentally, become exceedingly ill. This is what is known as an while up to seven to fifteen percent of his blood

anaphylactic shock. Yes, nicotine is a deadly poison. oxygencarrying capacity is being smothered out with

If you were to put four or five drops of pure nicotine, something like carbon monoxide. This, then, is a

diluted with approximately ten drops of distilled third aspect of tobacco.

water, on the gum of your normalsize dog, he will Fourth, other things come through in smoke of a almost certainly die in approximately five minutes. cigaret, including aldehydes, acids, coal tars, and

This, then, is the second reason. waxes. We should (Continued on page 666)

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ERA OF YOUTH September 1962

Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

In this issue a view of church educational facilities where students are ANXIOUSLY ENGAGED in living and learning in a religious atmosphere... a part of the world but apart from it

where principles of Christian life are put into practice and the unique international flavor of a student body made up of members from far places permits a real brotherhood experience where your professor during the week might be your bishop on Sunday where science and religion do mix where relationships are wholesome, activities meaningful, learning exciting where LDS doctrines prove to be the common denominator that turns acquaintances into friends; where deeper truths of the gospel are scientifically

examined and spiritually appreciated where opportunities are plentiful for leadership training in student religious auxiliary groups, school affairs, and where you finally become aware that there's more to being a devoted church member than keeping the

Word of Wisdom; and that it's truly rewarding to be ANXIOUSLY

ENGAGED

SEMINARIES

AND NSTITUTES

The church program of religious education is big business, not necessarily in dollars and cents, but in the number of young people—children of our Father in heaven—

who attend daily classes in the seminaries, institutes of religion, and Deseret Clubs.

The Church currently maintains 152 releasedtime seminaries and approximately 1,050 nonreleased-time or early morning seminaries where over 70,000 LDS students in secondary schools are taking advantage of this inspired program in twentyseven states of the union, in Mexico, and in Canada.

On the college level the Church maintains thirty fulltime institutes of religion, seventyone parttime institutes of religion, and fiftytwo Deseret Clubs to serve the religious needs of over 12,000 LDS students who are attending other than churchoper- ated institutions of higher learning. The institutes of religion are located adjacent to

college campuses in eleven states of the union and in the province of Alberta, Canada.

Deseret Clubs are scattered throughout the entire United States.

There is a seminary program for specialized groups, too, including members of the Church who are Indians, the deaf students at Ogden, Utah, and Riverside, California, and young people at the State Industrial School in Utah.

Farflung seminary programs reach a constantly increasing number of youth of the Church and their friends. President William E. Berrett is administrator of seminaries

and institutes of religion with Dr. Dale T. Tingey and Dr. Alma P. Burton as assistants.

I Student officers at the Ogden Institute of Religion practice a number for the institute's "Old Timers"social (top left).

Youth of the Church begin seminary training while in junior high school. Here students actively participate in a welllighted

and equipped classroom, typical of Church seminaries (top right).

Delta seminary officers (left) supervised the construction of the seminary float which won first place honors in the Delta

High School Homecoming Parade, Utah.

Ample library and study space is provided students at the

Boise Institute of Religion in the beautiful Idaho capital city (bottom left).

The Seminary students of East High have exercised an ancient art form and given it a modern dynamic interpretation in a three panel Mural which now adds artistic excitement to their newly enlarged Seminary.

Directed by Mrs. Vesta Ward, Mosaic Art Teacher for the

BYU Extension Division, the project has graphically illustrated the need and ability for teenagers to experience artistic creativeness. The Students and Mrs. Ward labored over the

Mosaic Mural for five months, taking a total of 600 hours to lay the 0,000 pieces of cut Italian tile.

INDIAN SEMINARY PROGRAM

Students in the Indian seminary program enjoy the recreational facilities found at the seminaries (top).

Cultural heritage is stressed in the Indian seminaries. Here (center, left) a

coed models her native dress.

Student programs are an important part of the seminary offering to give participants an opportunity to develop themselves along social and artistic lines.

Lasting friendships are gained in seminary work as evidenced by this birthday party given for one of the students.

The Indian seminary program is growing rapidly with the building of new facilities (opposite page) near schools enrolling Indians.

As the LDS Indian student population began to increase at federal Indian schools, Church leaders felt the need for an Indian seminary program. During

1954 the first professional teacher was assigned to teach Indian seminary students at Brigham City, Utah, and the reponsibility for Indian seminaries was placed in the hands of the LDS Department of Education.

In 1957 as a result of a survey conducted by the Department of Education, 1300 LDS students were found attending federal Indian schools. In

1958 the supervisors of institutes and seminaries held a series of meetings with officials of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in Washington, DC. These

sessions paved the way for the development of a seminary program for

LDS members attending federal Indian schools in the United States.

In 1959 a coordinator of Indian seminaries was appointed. The growth

of the program was rapid. During the 196162 school year there were more

than 3,700 Indian students enrolled in 204 seminary classes.

In those areas where conditions do not warrant a fulltime seminary teacher, missionaries and other volunteer teachers are appointed to teach in a Church service capacity by local Church authorities. These teachers work

under the direction of the coordinator of Indian seminaries and the LDS

Department of Education.

In January 1962 the Indian seminary program was extended to include

LDS Indian students attending the public schools. A survey is now underway

to determine the extent of the possibilities for establishing nonreleased time seminary classes for these students. Where releasedtime seminaries are

located, a program has been developed to increase the number of Indian students in seminary.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

in | tPH|I

"HWM-'

\ SI

<4!!

The secret of a great university's success lies in a welltrained faculty, an adequate campus, and a student body of outstanding character all combined for the highest type of learning and living experience of each student.

Brigham Young University is one of the world's great universities, and it has learned that secret.

Students who look into these buildings at BYU find the thousand* of opportunities that are there to help each of them to prepare themselves as Church leaders—as intelligent, educated, responsible citizens, and as wellrounded individuals

who feel at home in the world.

At Brigham Young, the young student will become wellacquainted with experienced instructors who are active members of the Church and vitally interested in the welfare and development of the Church's young people. Laboratories and

equipment are waiting for the Church's young people who come to the "Y"to add to their own knowledge and to increase man's fund of knowledge through research and study.

To develop all his talents, the student must also find other outlets besides studies. BYU has them in the form of thousands

of jobs in student government; working in drama, music, or

other entertainment areas; becoming active in student service,

professional, and honorary organizations; and filling the many

positions needed to operate the three stakes and 30 student wards on campus.

The hundreds of thousands of opportunities—academic,

social, and spiritual—that abound on the spacious BYU campus

offer each student the chance to tailormake his activities to fit his ambitions, his personality, and his capabilities.

The students who want to learn, to grow, and to develop, will feel at home at BYU. And BYU will introduce them to

the world.

Students are provided wellbalanced meals by the BYU

Food Service at several campus locations.

Art department is one of few still remaining on lower campus.

One of the nation's largest intramural programs is found at BYU.

Chemistry lals are housed in domed Science Center, first building in

BYU's postwar expansion program.

THE CHURCH COLLEGE OF HAWAI

President David O. McKay in 1921, then an apostle on a world tour of the

Church missions, witqessed a flagraising ceremony by the children of the church elementary school in Laie. So impressed was he that he wrote in his

journal of the evident power of America and Christianity to "make of all nations one blood."And he wrote further that he then envisioned Laie becoming not only the spiritual center of the Church in the Pacific, with its Hawaiian

Temple, but also the educational center. On February 12, 1955 President

McKay broke ground for the Church College of Hawaii. Since then mounting

throngs of world travelers in Hawaii admire as they tour the scenic windward

Oahu coast not only the renown temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints but also the twentysix Polynesian styled buildings of the college.

As part of its effort to further worldwide appreciation of the achievements of Polynesian culture, the college is now building adjacent to the campus a

Polynesian Culture Center, which will consist of authentic villages of the various island areas whose students attend the college. There will be within it,

villages of Samoa, Tahiti, Tonga, Fiji, and the magnificent carved houses of the Maoris. The center will contain facilities for the presentation of panorama

programs for tourists of the most authentic and beautiful ancient songs and dances of the Islands.

The most unusual feature of the college is that the buildings were erected entirely by the members of the Church—building missionaries, not contractors,

the dedicated contribution of young men from New Zealand, Tonga, and

Samoa. They developed a campus far finer than might otherwise have been

possible at this time for the people of the Pacific. Of all the aspects of the

college, the contribution of the devoted building missionaries is the most impressive to educators and church men not of our faith.

The college survey committee found in 1954 that only 7Vi percent of

Latterday Saint young people of college age in the Hawaiian Islands were then in any college. The college has now revolutionized the education of young

Saints in the Pacific Islands. Laie has 60 percent of its high school graduates

of last June entered in the Church College of Hawaii this year. Several

wards in the two stakes on Oahu have reached the 50 percent figure. The

overall percentage of Latterday Saint high school graduates in Hawaii now at the Church College of Hawaii is 32 percent, more than a fourfold increase over the 1954 figure.

The college's contribution to missionary work is impressive. Sixty percent

of the fouryear graduates who had entered the college as nonmembers were baptized before graduation.

Hawaiian Temple, Laie chapel, and city of Laie in foreground; Koolau range on

right; and Pacific Ocean on left surround

CCH campus. Faculty homes are across

campus to left, facing college. Honolulu

is 35 miles beyond the mountains.

w */.a

....................

'tMM'3

* -V

."""'IS* ""it'nJL.;,.:rt5Jfe

ar

p -4JL |rir

fm: - 1 r tnmm. t **t--*m

si**';

From Hawaii to New Zealand, Polynesian youth of the

Church and others enjoy the stimulation of higher education provided by church schools. Objectives of the schools are

similar: to lead youth to understand and live the gospel

of Jesus Christ; to raise the level of spirituality, citizenship,

leadership, and vocational competency; to bring higher

liberal arts to those who wouldn't otherwise get any; and

to cultivate a fertile seedbed for missionary work in the

Pacific and Asia. On this page Helen Kuoha moves through

a day of activities typical of Pacific schools.

Reading clockwise...

In sculpture class, Helen Kuoha models for student sculptor Ivan Hosoi.

Student leaders gathered at CCH foyer entrance are James William Harris, Margaret Gowans, Helen

Kuoha, and Robert Suehiro. The Hawaiian motto

in mosaic means "The life of the land is preserved by righteousness."

In addition to preserving the arts of their ancient culture, students became adept with modern band instruments.

Helen is seated at the console of the 30 station tape and record language laboratory.

Testimonies are strengthened through special instruction and individual participation in Church institute and seminary programs in connection with the schools.

Time out for fitness and fun for Helen and Mike

Kubo who enjoy tennis courts in the new dormitory area.

Many fields of science are studied by students at church schools. Here Helen and Florence Nonaka

conduct an experiment in the chemistry lab.

SAMOA <r

Eleven hundred students attend the three schools of the Church

College of Western Samoa. Mapusaga High School, in American

Samoa, adds an additional two hundred, bringing the total to approximately 1,400 students in the Samoan Islands.

The primary objective of these schools is to provide the best education possible to develop leaders—leaders not only in the

Church, but also in the Samoan government, and in the Samoan homes and villages. In Western Samoa, the students at the church

school wear uniforms. They are encouraged to be proud of these

uniforms, for they represent their school and the Church.

Thirty Americantrained, certified teachers have the responsibility of teaching the gospel and providing education equivalent to American standards. The teaching is conducted in English. A

complete high school curriculum is provided except for some humanity classes. Students enjoy the finest and most modern

science laboratory in all of the South Pacific. Girls are given

opportunities to become acquainted, through home economics courses, with modern electric ranges, washers, dryers, and sewing machines.

Over 60 typewriters are available to students enrolled in commercial classes for typing and bookkeeping. The Church College

of Western Samoa boasts the finest concert band in Western Samoa because of its complete supply of instruments.

Each year, of the students enrolled at church schools, approximately onethird are nonmembers. Of these students, about

onehalf will be baptized. Many of the converts are converted

by their own fellow students.

An extremely important part of the student's education is his opportunity to participate and develop in leadership qualities.

Student government is peculiar to LDS schools; other religiously

involved schools and government schools do not provide this important part to a complete education. Perpetuation of the democratic government is taught and learned as an extracurricular

activity and has longlasting results.

The hope for most students to get a chance to continue their education in Hawaii, the USA, or New Zealand. But only the select

students actually receive this opportunity; the majority complete

high school only to return to the plantations or to various positions in larger towns. The hope for these students is that the future

may provide for them vocational training to support their academic training. These students ask for auto mechanics, machine shops,

better woodworking shops, more extensive secretarial training and sewing. But these are a blessed people, for they have the desire

to serve the Lord. Almost every boy hopes to fulfil building missions

or proselyting missions, along with completing a college education.

May the Lord bless them to achieve their goals, for these goals are worthwhile.

TONGA

<J4 Students in art class practice weaving as part of the Samoa school's art department offerings (opposite page, top).

Class of I960, graduated October 29, 1960.

Students enjoy the finest in science equipment and laboratory at this South

Pacific Church college. Here (opposite

page, bottom) senior students learn to Of these students:

bend glass tubing.

class I960 atMembers of the of the 14 are now at the Church College of Hawaii inLiahona College assemble Tonga for their graduation picture. Note progress 3 are now at Ricks College

of class members in chart at right. 8 are now on two year missions

2 are now married 4 are now working in stores in Tonga 1 is now working in a store in Pago Pago 1 is a cadet 1 is a nurse 1 Is in a secretarial school in Fiji 3 are living at home (girls) 1 is farming (boy).

CHURCH COLLEGE OF NEW ZEALAND

The Church College of New Zealand (CCNZ—the Z pronounced "Zed") is the only coeducational postprimary

boarding school in New Zealand. Some other schools have a few students living in hostels who attend day school.

The great majority of the CCNZ students are boarders and live in the dormitories under the supervision of house parents. All students work from seven to ten hours each week to cover a part of their tuition costs.

The students range in age from 13 through 18, and the college work covers the general area covered by the US high schools, plus one year of college work. Dr. Wendell H. Wiser is principal.

Many of the activities of the Church. College of New Zealand would not be unusual to an American student

but were quite unusual in New Zealand. Studentbody government was an innovation, for example; and

student elections, an important part of the student government, are still being carried out at the college. The

New Zealand student leaders are called "prefects"and are chosen by the headmaster to perform certain duties.

At the college a student court with a student judge was established the second year, which provided another area for student development. The student patrol acts as the administrative arm of the student government

under the leadership of the studentbody officers and the student council. Many visitors come to see this program in operation.

School uniforms are an accepted part of school life in New Zealand and are also a part of the Church

College. There is a dress uniform and a school uniform. The "new look"contributed by the Church College

here was the wearing of "longs"as they are called, or long trousers for the boys for both dress and school uniforms.

The students all love to sing and do it beautifully. One group of students improved their talents in

native song and dance until the group was chosen to represent New Zealand youth by being recorded and televised by a subsidiary of the National Broadcasting Company to appear on the Dinah Shore program entitled "Christmas around the world."The college chorus was also recorded in the famous cathedral chamber

of the wellknown Waitomo Caves, home of the worldfamous Glowworms. This appearance was filmed in

color and was an important part of a New Zealand travelogue which played in the moving picture theaters throughout the country. This was a distinct honor and shows the fine spirit and love of singing and the artistry

of the students at the Church College.

One student experience which shows their faith and devotion to the gospel happened when four of the older boys, who had not heeded some of the regulations in the dormitories, were sent to the headmaster's office for the necessary action. At noon, knowing the importance of mealtime to young active boys, the headmaster

suggested that the boys go to lunch and return after the lunch period to complete the conference and settle the matter at hand. The boys were reluctant to leave the office, and after a second invitation to go to lunch didn't result

in their leaving, the boys were asked if they didn't want their lunch. Reluctantly, but in a humble spirit characteristic of the Polynesian people, the boys finally replied, "We are not eating today, we are fasting because of what

we have done."Needless to say the case required little followup or further action.

RICKS JR. COLLEGE

Ricks College students carry the name of "Vikings"because it is the northernmost school in the ICAC athletic league. But, in

spite of the title and in spite of the long winters in the Upper

Snake River Valley, the spirit in this Latterday Saint junior college in Rexburg, Idaho, is anything but cold. Ricks is known

as "the friendly school.""Hi"is the password; one never passes

anyone else on campus or in the halls without a cheery "Hi"or "Hello"and a great big smile.

With a fall registration of 1,121 last year, Ricks College is still small enough that most students know most of the other students on campus, and teachers are personally acquainted with their students. However, Ricks is the largest churchsupported junior college in the nation, and its current expansion

program promises to keep it that way for some time to come.

Young Latterday Saints and others corine from many states and from several foreign countries each year to the heart of the scenic country near the Grand Tetons and spectacular Yellowstone to partake of higher learning in the atmosphere of a friendly LDS farming community where the spirit of the restored gospel in action prevails.

After completing their two years of lower divisional work at Ricks, graduates find themselves at no disadvantage as they go on in the stiff competition of upper divisional study at a large university. Of the top six scholars nominated last year for the

coveted "Scholar of the Year"award at Utah State University, three of them were from Ricks College, and the final two top students were selected from these three "Vikings."At the BYU

the same year the covaledictorian was a Ricks transferee as were the top students in the school of education and the top women honor students in the colleges of business and humanities. Ricks College is indeed fulfilling its objective, which is to

prepare young Latterday Saints and others who come to it to take their place effectively in a challenging and exciting new world.

Football and ''The Fascinators"are popular with

CCNZ students. The boys are pictured playing

Rugby Football against a technical school in

New Zealand with whom they have many exchanges. The girls, known as "The Fascinators"

are one of many talent groups at the school.

Ricks student nurses dressed for a special skit are Mary Dial, Donna Rae Werner, Sherrie Bean, and Betty Sharp. This year's graduating class

included students from 10 states, the District of Columbia, and two foreign countries. It was

the largest group of sophomores to graduate in the school's history.

MEXICO

Pictured above is the main hall at the Juarez "Strike up the band!"

in Colonia Juarez, Mexico.Academy New conthe So goes the cry in the direction of the Juarez Academy in Chihuahua,struction is this campus, expanding under

direction of the Unified School System. Mexico. And the nowfamous school band responds. So do the choral

Ignacio Zaragoza school in Monterrey, Mexico. groups and the dancers and the theater people. Students with great

This beautiful building is one of the city's talent and wonderful willingness people the halls of the famous old landmarks and is known as an excellent school with fine teachers. landmark in Colonia Juarez. Their outside of school services include

command performances before governors and presidents and other dignitaries, participation in special events, festivals, and fundraising projects for the community as well as the Church.

A new auditorium and gymnasium with versatile facilities is under construction now to augment the four other buildings of the academy, according to Kenyon Wagner, director. Daniel P. Taylor is superintendent

of all church schools in Mexico.

The story of schools in Mexico begins in 1885 when the Saints first went to colonize in that area and isn't finished yet, for there are twenty schools outside the colony, plus a huge dairy and plans for further expansion in Mexico City itself. The schools are fully accredited,

with a varied curriculum, and with a fine student activities program.

Mexican law requires that certain courses be taught in Spanish, and so teachers must be able to speak both English and Spanish to be a faculty member there.

YOUR BOY IS NOT

BY COLONEL JOE LACEY ALONE

The Saturday night MIA dance at the Monterey Bay Stake Center at Seaside,

California, was over. The chaperones and the sponsoring ward committee

had taken down the decorations and made the multipurpose hall ready for

Sunday School the following morning. The stake YMMIA superintendent

was turning off the lights.

Outside, several young soldiers from nearby Fort Ord were waiting for the threemile ride back to the barracks. From their conversation it was apparent they had enjoyed their Saturday night fun.

"Who wants a ride back to camp?"I asked as we came out of the chapel.

My wife and I were spending the night at the Visiting Officers'Quarters at

Fort Ord. "Have you got room for five?"

"Surely have, pile in,"I said.

During our ride back to camp the boys responded eagerly to a few questions. Their home towns were Newport Beach, California; Lehi, Utah; Mesa,

Arizona; Newark, New jersey; and Mexico City. That represents a fair cross

section of our nation and a neighboring country. Two were born into the

Church, two were converts, and the one from New Jersey was a Catholic friend.

Knowing that I, too, was in the service, one boy asked my rank. I told

them I was a colonel in the army and had served twentyone years.

"You know, riding with a colonel would 'shake up'most guys,"the lad from Lehi observed, "but Brother Anderson is a colonel, too, and men don't come any finer than he."

Colonel Blaine Anderson, the stake YMMIA superintendent and a former bishop in Hawaii, was the last man out of the chapel that night. He, like

many other LDS career servicemen, is working in the Church where he is most needed.

Chaplain William H. Green and his wife were also at the dance. He is

one of our four LDS chaplains serving in the Army. Their assignments usually

place them at a post with a high concentration of LDS servicemen. As chaplain

for the reception center, he is able to establish early contact with LDS boys.

Next morning, we attended priesthood meeting and Sunday School. There

again was Brother Anderson teaching a priesthood class. We were told that

the Seaside Ward had thirty military families. M/Sgt. Karl Peterson is first

counselor in the bishopric, and many others are in key leadership positions in the ward and stake.

Later, I talked with Lieutenant Booth Wallentine, the Fort Ord servicemen's group leader. He and two other officers make up the group presidency.

He had this inspiring story to tell:

There are 700 to 1,000 LDS servicemen stationed there continually. To

accommodate them, two Sacrament services are held at conveniently located

Fort Ord chapels. A Sunday evening priesthood meeting rounds out the day.

SEPTEMBER 1962 653 Regularly scheduled transportation is provided on Tuesday evenings for MIA at the Seaside Ward. Periodic temple excursions to Los Angeles are arranged.

A unique project for prospective missionaries involves the cooperation of the stake mission president, the local fulltime missionaries, and returned missionaries now in the military.

These missionary efforts help to offset a tendency toward clannishness. A

disturbing editorial appeared in a recent issue of the Palo Alto, California, paper. The editor reported on the experiences which a recently recalled reservist from California had as a member of a Utah National Guard unit. The

soldier complained that the Utah boys would have nothing to do with nonUtahns during offduty hours.

"Everyone else feels like an outsider,"he said.

This is a peculiar twist! Usually it is our boys who must remain alone and

apart from the crowd.

What is said about church opportunities at Fort Ord applies equally to

Fort Carson, near Colorado Springs. These two basic infantry training

centers handle most of the LDS draftees in the West. For the artillery trainee,

Fort Sill and Fort Bliss have active wards at Lawton, Oklahoma, and El Paso,

Texas, respectively. The major basic training installations of the Navy and the

Air Force are similarly well situated near LDS wards. There are six LDS chaplains currently on active duty with the Air Force.

I have sensed the need for LDS parents and youth to have a better understanding of military service and all that it entails. Needless anxieties and misgivings concerning military service trouble both parents and youth. It has

been my experience that military service and living the principles of the gospel are entirely compatible. As a matter of fact, the opportunities for church

service are much greater in the military than at home. My opportunity to

serve in a bishopric at Colorado Springs is a typical example. Hundreds of

other servicemen can cite similar opportunities. Now to my thesis.

Continued world tensions and the increased numbers drafted bring the prospects of military service nearer to many of our boys. The World War II

baby crop is now reaching draft age. Usually, the impression they have of the

military dates back to Dad's wartime experiences. Not only do these stories

become exaggerated with the telling, but military life in 1962 is far different from the days of '42. I should like to consider the service from the standpoint

of one whose military career spans those twenty years.

What is the position of our Church on military service? The twelfth

Article of Faith tells us that "We believe in being subject to kings, presidents...

in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law."As LDS men we serve our

country when called.

As men of the Mormon faith, we should note what Mormon wrote of the great general, Moroni, in the book of Alma: "And Moroni was a strong and

mighty man; he was a man of a perfect understanding; yea, a man that did not

delight in bloodshed; a man whose soul did joy in the liberty and freedom of

his country, and his brethren from bondage and slavery;

"Yea, and he was a man who was firm in the faith of Christ, and he had sworn with an oath to defend his people, his rights, and his country, and his religion, even to the loss of his blood."(Alma 48:11, 13.)

Just as Moroni, we do not delight in bloodshed, but we will fight for the liberty and freedom of our country.

There are hundreds of career servicemen active in the Church. These men,

with their families, serve as the "hardcore"for servicemen's groups or augment existing wards or branches all over the world. Many of these men, who might

have been less active at home, have sensed their opportunity and responsibility and have become pillars of strength.

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is not uncommon in a testimony meeting at Fort Ord for a dozen boys to rise and say that they hadn't been to Church in years. Basically fine young

men, they rediscovered something good to tie to in their strange environment.

Their attitude toward the Church changed, and they have taken one more giant step to maturity. Once a boy has found satisfaction in attending Church,

the chances are good that he will seek out the Church at his next station. Nowadays, it is likely that LDS contacts can be made anywhere troops are stationed.

One year ago, an LDS officer and his family were sent to faraway Thailand. Upon

arrival, they knew of no other church people there. A recent letter from them

told of having Christmas dinner with fifteen members present.

There are many "Colonel Andersons"in the armed services. They may be

high ranking officers on the job, but they are (Continued on page 660)

The Kinderhook Plates curiosity is greatly excited; and if understand. We have no doubt,

Smith can decipher the hieroglyphics however, but Mr. Smith will be

will translate to toable them."plates, he more on the do( Continued from page 637 light early the not anxious to let Mr. Wiley throwing on was wards

history of this continent than any the plates go to the Prophet since present when the plates were found man now living."he hoped for a translation from the

remarked that it would go to prove John Taylor, editor of the Times learned world. Eventually, however,

the authenticity of the Book of Morand Seasons, in referring to the a Mr. Savage borrowed the plates

mon, which it undoubtedly will. above statement said: "... We think to show to some of his literary

"... The plates above alluded to that he, Joseph Smith, Jun., has friends at which time they were

were exhibited in this city last week, done that already in translating and shown to Joseph Smith, Jun.

and are now, we understand, in publishing the Book of Mormon and Joseph Smith, Jun., pronounced

Nauvoo, subject to the inspection of would advise the gentleman and all them genuine and translated a part the Mormon Prophet. The public interested to read for themselves and of them. He said, as found in his

diary dated Monday, May 1, 1843:

"I have translated a portion of them and find they contain the history of the person with whom they were found. He was a descendant of Ham,

his that Egypt, he received and... of Have faith in the future through the loins of Pharaoh, king Ruler the kingdom of heaven from

RICHARD L. EVANS and earth."(DHC 5:372. Italics

added. plates to returned were RobThe opportuniso uncertainties and so many With many ert eventually gave Wiley them who to like things ties, today say to should some we for Professor to the McDowell Mcto Perhaps commencement. those have come THE who

St. of Louis, Dowell MisMuseum SPOKEN thing reassuring is shortest this most the we and

souri, until the they remained where WORD in the in future. Faith faith the say: could Have Civil the Second Iowa when War essential to and peace absolutely but desirable is only not future the sacked Reserve and museum real faith, no If and there no were preparation. to progress, and to

its stole or contents. destroyed Thus preparation. in "There real point faith, be there no for would reason plates 1 the disappeared. out,"faith has burned people for whose is any future great no thirtysix plates years the For went.".. "Don't said cynic, Emerson. a "Don't be Jones. said Rufus M. in undisputed, 1879, but Wilbur Mr.."-

. have Carlyle commented: rejection, in "We yourself waste

at of the present Fugate, one men it it that argue, cavil but us, and may that not given. may our mind

find, letter of a the the wrote time about belief understanding clear us and give into something, see something, whereon we are then to proceed to act.... Truly it is to Mr. James T. Cobb stating that

plates the were a "Humbug."into scepticism, into to fall as people, for a man, a a sad thing for

is following The said to be a copy world... see Sincerity they it.... The to insincerity; when not know a

of that letter: it exist!... not it, or would has truth in A man the world does exist; Mound Station, 111. old, as of a knows, something;... who lives man by believing

that this world is a Truth, and no Plausibility and Falsity; that he June 30, 1879

himself is alive,... and that the world is alive.... Do not sink Mr. Cobb:

yourself in boundless bottomless abysses of Doubt, of wretched I received your letter in regard godforgetting Unbelief;... It lies there clear, for whosoever will to those plates, and will say in antake the spectacles off his eyes and honestly look, to know!... A man swer that they are a HUMBUG, gotlives by believing something...,"3 And so to those who have ten up by Robert Wiley, Bridge

come to a time of commencement we would say: Don't be disWhitton and myself. Whitton is

couraged; don't become cynical; don't be in too big a hurry; be dead. I do not know whether Wiley

patient. The Creator is still in command. There are still principles; is or not. None of the nine persons

there are still causes and consequences; there are still opportunities; who signed the certificate knew the

there is still limitless progress to be made, truth to be discovered, secret, except Wiley and I.

peace to be achieved, solid purposes to be pursued. Continue to We read in Pratt's prophecy that

learn. Prepare as fully and solidly and purposefully as you can. "Truth is yet to spring out of the

Walk from day to day with a willingness to work, with a consistent, earth."We concluded to prove the

sincere living of life, with belief in the goodness and purpose of prophecy by way of a joke. We soon

life, and with faith in the future. "The future belongs to those made our plans and executed them.

who prepare for it."4 Bridge Whitton cut them out of

] Rufus M. Jones (18631948), American Quaker educator. some pieces of copper; Wiley and I

2Emerson. "Carlyle, On Heroes. made the hieroglyphics by making

4Quoted by Charles B. Shuman, Annual Address of the President of the American Farm impressions on beeswax and filling

Bureau Federation, I960, accredited to Emerson. them with acid and putting it on the

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the plates. When they were finished we

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 3, 1962. Copyright 1962. put them together with rust made

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy the extra pleasure and convenience of

Colorful autumn is a delightful time of the year to travel.

The peak summer vacation crowds have come and gone. The

pace is unhurried. Accommodations are more readily available on trains, in hotels, restaurants and the thousandand-

one entertainment attractions throughout this great land of ours. In fact, many resort areas offer reduced "offseason"rates.

Wherever you go—east or west—you'll appreciate how

truly rewarding travel can be when you relax to your heart's content aboard one of the popular Union Pacific Domeliners or Streamliners.

For information or reservations, see your nearby Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent. He's there to serve you!

UNION PACIFIC 3w Serving the expanding West for nearly a Century

SEPTEMBER 1962 657

of nitric acid, old iron and lead, and AntiMormons were quick to latch may be satisfactorily answered when bound them with a piece of hoop onto Fugate's story and broadcast it one realizes to whom he was writing iron, covering then completely with to the world and have done so from this letter: Mr. Tames T. Cobb of

the rust. that day till this. One said: "This Salt Lake City, a bitter antiMormon.

Our plans worked admirably. A nails the prophet down for all eterHe had twisted and distorted the

certain Sunday was appointed for nity."Another felt it would be the truth many times before. Was this

the digging. The night before, Wiley death blow to the Church. another time?

went to the Mound where he had Mr. Fugate's tale may seem fairly Some correspondence had prepreviously dug to the depth of about sound to some, but to others there ceded this. It was during this letter

eight feet, there being a flat rock exist too many peculiarities in the writing period that Mr. Fugate wrote

that sounded hollow beneath, and story to accept it. this one declaring the plates a fraud,

put them under it. On the following Let us examine some of those not before. Under these circummorning quite a number of citizens peculiarities stances one is certainly justified in

were there to assist in the search, First, when this letter was written being suspicious of the whole story.

there being two Mormon elders the witnesses were either dead or Fifth, the original finders said the present (Marsh and Sharp). The presumed dead. plates were of brass. Mr. Fugate

rock was soon removed but some Second, the plates had disapsaid they were made up "out of time elapsed before the plates were peared. They had been gone since some pieces of copper."

discovered. I finally picked them up

and exclaimed, "A piece of pot metal!"Fayette Grubb snatched them

from me and struck them against the rock and they fell to pieces. Dr.

Harris examined them and said they had hieroglyphics on them. He

took acid and removed the rust and they were soon out on exhibition.

Under this rock (which) was domelike in appearance (and) about three feet in diameter, there were a few bones in the last stage of decomposition, also a few pieces of pottery and charcoal. There was The Kinderhook Plates, sketched by an unknown artist, and published in the

the here Reproduced from in at Nauvoo 18A3. Seasons periodical Times and skeleton found. Sharp,no the Morplates six brass The 374376. pages volume 5, the Church, of History Documentary for Elder, leaped and shoutedmon Illinois, 23, on April 18U3. County, Pike in Kinderhook, near were found

joy and said, Satan had appeared to told (to to the nothim him go and left as Sixth, doubt no Fugate Mr. to thought Civil were the and War

it ofdiggings), a hoax was Fugate had he and to Wiley the method the with mudestroyed been have at later the Wiley's, a hour butand the in making used supposedly Mr. them. Thus housed which seum

to go, toldLord appeared and him said, plates. the characters position on safe pretty He in a Fugate was

there. treasurethe was hieroglyphics I the the "Wiley and made desired about anything to say he

the to take wanted The Mormons impressions beeswax on making him? plates. by could dispute Whoplates refused to Joe Smith, but we filling acid and find them with to the and the witnesses Third, of

to let them go. Some time afterMr. Fugate alone was the only one putting it on the plates."In other

ward a man assuming the name of to declare the plates fraudulent. The words, if his story be true, the plates

Savage, of Quincy, borrowed the others died without having said anywould have to be etched. No other

plates of Wiley to show to his literthing about a hoax or a joke. If this possibility could exist.

ary friends there, and took them to had really been a hoax, they would The probability of an ancient inJoe Smith. The same identical plates have been equally as anxious as he habitant of America using acid to

were returned to Wiley, who gave to spring the trap to get their joke. etch his plates is very, very slim and

them to Professor McDowell, of St. This never happened. the likelihood of his using a pointed

Louis, for his Museum. Fourth, Mr. Fugate waited a instrument is very great. Thus it

W. Fugate suspiciously long time, thirtysix would be natural to suspect that the

STATE OF ILLINOIS years to be exact, which was thirtyplates if genuine would be engraved

BROWN COUNTY. ss five years after the death of his prey, rather than etched. It is easy to see

W. Fugate, being first duly sworn, before declaring the plates a "Humthat Mr. Fugate's testimony could be

deposes and says that the above letbug"when he could have done so checked on by a determination of ter, containing an account of the within a few weeks after their disthis matter. If they were etched, his

plates found near Kinderhook, is covery. Does this sound like a man testimony could stand, but if entrue and correct, to the best of his who is anxiously waiting to catch graved his testimony must fall.

recollection. something in a snare? To pursue either of these positions

W. Fugate Why did he wait so long? What requires observation of the plate or

Subscribed and sworn to before happened in 1879 that brought plates by specialists who are experime this 30th day of June, 1879. about this "confession"? Why not enced in noting the difference beJay Brown, J. P. some other time? These questions tween etching and engraving. This

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v Benjamin Franklin once wrote, "for want of a Some were comparatively minor, others were nail, the shoe was lost..."The lost shoe led to 'major. But all provided Kennecott with "nails"to

the loss of the horse, the rider, the battle, and meet a continuing, growing problem... the higher

eventually the kingdom. In other words, even cost of handling increasing amounts of material to

seemingly insignificant factors can be tremenproduce the same amount of copper. The problem

dously important. results from two factors:

This is certainly true at Kennecott, where every 1. Ore coppercontent decreasing (18% since

increase in efficiency, no matter how small, con1950) tributes to the successful production of copper. 2. Overburden removal increasing (100%

For example, since 1957, /jfct employees have since 1950) received 2730 cash awards for nN. improvements The employee suggestion system svrnsubmitted through the employee \V suggestion bolizes the many ways in which KenneHK I

system. cott is attacking: ""'"this:: problem.""-'"""C mm m

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation \

SEPTEMBER 1962 659

had never been done because the Dr. F. C. A. Richardson, MD. as "A Museum during the Civil War.

plates have not been available. But plate of brass known as one of the The plate is now identified as

in recent years an attempt was made only two recognized original plates number 5 of the Kinderhook plates.

to locate the plates. Museums of the Mormon Bible."(Obviously With one of the plates now availthroughout the country were reached this was in error since the plates of able for investigation the key matter

by letter. In time one of the plates the Book of Mormon were of gold could be cleared up: Were they

was located in the Chicago Hisand were returned to Moroni.) Dr. etched or engraved?

torical Society at North Avenue and Richardson had obtained it from the Mr. Fugate said Wiley and he had

Clark Street. It had come into their son of Professor McDowell who in etched the plates. Yet two profespossession through Mr. C. A. turn had received it from a soldier sional engravers were invited to view

Gunther who had purchased it from who had taken it from the McDowell the plates in 1953 and give their unbiased opinion on them—which they

did freely and without charge. They

a engravedstated clearlywith athatpointedthe instrument.plate was

is their notarized To "a sceptical world. The following

statement:

RICHARD L. EVANS "The plate was engraved with

a pointed instrument and not In speaking last week of commencement, we talked etched with acid."(See reproof belief and of faith in the future, and quoted some duction page 636.)

THE sentences from Carlyle to which, repeating some,

.: ". others would add adequate to do SPOKEN we man are The plates. No back in their now WORD

is first of anything,"all in right earnest "but original he said, category of genuine.

about it; what I call a sincere man. I should say sincerity, a deep, What scholars may learn from this

great, genuine sincerity, is the first characteristic of all men in any ancient record in future years or way heroic.... He must have truth; truth which he feels to be what may be translated by divine

true. How shall he stand otherwise?... Belief I define to be power is an exciting thought to

the healthy act of a man's mind.... Doubt, truly, is not itself contemplate.

a crime. Certainly we do not rush out, clutch up the first thing This much remains. Joseph Smith,

we find, and straightway believe that! All manner of... inquiry... Jun., stands as a true prophet and

about all manner of objects, dwells in every reasonable mind.... translator of ancient records by di-

[But] truly it is a sad thing for a people, as for a man, to fall into vine means and all the world is inscepticism,... into insincerity;... For this world, and for all vited to investigate the truth which

worlds, what curse is so fatal?... For Scepticism, is not intellectual has sprung out of the earth not only

only; it is moral also; a chronic atrophy and disease of the whole of the Kinderhook plates, but of the

soul.... It seems to me, you lay your finger here on the heart of Book of Mormon as well.

the world's maladies when you call it a Sceptical World.... It is

out of this... that the whole tribe of social pestilences... have

derived their being.... Do not sink yourselves in boundless bottomless of of Unbelief; abysses wretched godforgetting Doubt,

lives Carlyle, something. believing.. "1 So said by A man. and.. Your Boy Is Not Alone

this we would add: The world, the universe, is a living, moving,

everpresent evidence of a Creator, of an Intelligence beyond any (Continued from page 655) or all of ours. Life cannot be explained away, nor can causes

and consequences, nor can all of nature's marvelous manifestations—always just plain "Brother"where

nor man—nor his mind. Voltaire said: "If a clock proves the existthe Church is concerned. We were

ence of a clockmaker and the world does not prove the existence pleased to receive recently a letter of a Supreme Architect, then I consent to be called a fool."2 To from church friends in Colorado

some learned Frenchmen who had proved "by all manner of logic Springs. They apologized for not

into looking could... that the there rank... Napoleon knowing to be no God, up when it my came

stars, all that?'ingenious, 'Very Messieurs: answers, addressing the envelope. is the made but who That

"Epochs of faith, are epochs of fruitfulness"; said Goethe, "but nicest compliment they could have

epochs of unbelief,... are barren...,"3 With all this before us, given me.

God grant us the blessing of being believing, for the world does It is important to remember that exist, and so does the universe, and so do we, and so does life, and there are also many "Sergeant Peterso do our loved ones, and this is no whim or delusion, and the reality sons"in every branch of the service.

of all this is reason enough for humility, for goodness, for reverence, The "Sarge"will have closer daily for respect, for living earnestly, for preparing fully, for keeping the contact with your son. While not

commandments, and for holding to faith in the future. able to show any preference, he will

JCarlyle, On Heroes. be able to give a "brotherly boost"

2Voltaire. to sagging spirits during those first

"Goethe. rough weeks of basic training.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the These are the men to whom your

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 10, 1962. Copyright 1962. ( Concluded on page 662

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A tree

is for me...

and everyone

else

We come across many a young fellow like this... in our job of

exploring and drilling for oil.

As a visitor in the forest, Standard has a responsibility to protect wildlife and keep the wilderness fresh and green. And we accomplish

this in several ways by working closely with fish and game and wildlife officials.

We steer around the feeding grounds, using softtired vehicles to preserve the natural ground cover. When wells are in, we

assure new growth by reseeding grassland and planting young trees on the work area.

Water wells, essential to our drilling operations, also nourish thirsty plants and animals...

and nesting and breeding ponds are built for wild fowl.

Exploring teams in helicopters keep sharp watch for fires, and on the ground our men with bulldozers and water trucks stand ready to help when fire strikes.

Wherever Standard taps new oil reserves to serve the nation—the

forest and the animals who live there are protected.

planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

SEPTEMBER 1962 661 Your Boy Is Not Alone There are many boys who are there are many boys who enter the lonely and yearn for some wholeservice in a near "deadend"condisome group identification but have tion and respond admirably to the (Concluded from page 660) no particular "religious roots."To strict discipline and rugged military

interest them, it is important that we life. They return home wiser, more

"recruit son"can turn when he needs accept another as a friend for what mature, and ready to assume a more counsel about the military or his perhe is and may become, rather than conforming role in the community.

sonal problems. reject him for a habit we may not What your boy learns from his

This is not intended as a recruiting like. tour in the military will be deterpitch, but to emphasize the fact that There has been considerable critimined by his attitude. If he enters

the Church with all of its activities cism about the moral environment with a "chip on his shoulder,"there is available to your boy in the in the armed forces. The services are those waiting to knock it off. For

service. are comprised of a crosssection of one who regards it as an opportunity

Servicemen have a marvelous opAmerican manhood. Those who are to learn and meet an obligation,

portunity to be missionaries for the inclined to be poor citizens in civilian there will be great satisfaction and

Church through exemplary living. To life will probably not change much opportunities for him.

be effective, this obviously must exin the service. A young man who So parents take heart!

tend far beyond just living the Word has received good moral and reWith the Almighty above, your of Wisdom. The group leader at ligious training at home will, by all sustaining love at home, and church

Fort Ord said he stresses "tolerance odds, return home the same or better buddies all around, your boy will without indulgence"to his men. for his service experience. Happily, never be alone.

True Science Is Our Ally Godel's work was not generally it not for certain considerations. In

known for a number of years, but the first place, we are taught to be (Continued from page 635) mathematicians have finally realized tolerant of other people and meththe significance of his difficult ods. In the second place, an indeanalytic geometry were obtained in theorems. His proofs were made by pendent but similar conclusion, that

three vivid dreams on the night of methods acceptable to all of the faith is a basic element, only serves

November 10, 1619. 8 His biographer three principal branches in the to strengthen the Christian position.

( Baillet ) claimed that he was drunk, philosophy of mathematics and thus Furthermore, God has asserted the and Freud would no doubt have provided mathematics with logically value of independent results. 11

another answer. Perhaps we could unremovable limitations. One consequence of Godel's work

say, inductively, that most men will The proven need for faith even is particularly interesting. Atheists

object to any explanation involving in deductive processes came as a and agnostics reject religion for its direct or personal revelation from shock to mathematicians. There was frank use of faith. For solace (and

God. For prophets this rule is a no longer an area where pure reason "proofs ) they usually turn to the

hard reality. could hold sway. In reviewing the sciences, which in turn are based on

Deduction, on the other hand, is situation, Frank DeSua said: "In some form of mathematics. Thus

the process of reasoning from acview of the lack of a universally their "nonfaith"philosophies are cepted general laws, or postulates, acceptable proof, belief in the conbased on faith. It leaves them in a

to specific conclusions. Men have sistency of mathematics becomes peculiar position. 12

regarded this as one area where faith then somewhat a matter of faith than An established religion may argue is not needed, except possibly in the reason."9 He concluded his paper that its truths came to it by the

formation of some initial postulates. with the interesting comment: "Supmethod of revelation, and hence are

Logicians have even tried to elimipose we loosely define a religion as superior to the results of science, nate faith in the postulates by testing any discipline whose foundation rests but if the scientific method itself inthem logically for selfconsistency on an element of faith, irrespective volves revelation then this particular and other desirable features. of any element of reason which may argument is invalid. President Hugh

In 1930 a German mathematician, be present. Quantum mechanics B. Brown has made a specific stateDavid Hilbert, published a new set for example would be a religion ment on this very issue. In an adof postulates that seemed to resolve under this definition. But mathedress to the faculty of the Brigham

some old difficulties. At about the matics would hold the unique posiYoung University he said: "You

same time Kurt Godel produced a tion of being the only branch of should be in the forefront of learnproof that every deductive system theology possessing a rigorous deming in all fields, for revelation does must contain undecidable problems. onstration of the fact that it should not come only through the prophet

In particular, Godel proved that be so classified."10 It is no wonder of God nor only directly from heaven

Hilbert's system could not be used that DeSua claimed Godel's theorems in visions or dreams. Revelation

to prove itself consistent. Mathemawere among the most remarkable may come in the laboratory, out of

ticians found themselves in the posiin all mathematics. the test tube, out of the thinking

tion of having to use a safe but The new "theology"is certainly mind and the inquiring soul, out of inadequate system, or choose a more deficient from a Christian's point of search and research and prayer and adequate system with unremovable view. We might even be tempted inspiration."13 Then near the end

risks. to look upon it with disdain were of his address he added: "Remember

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

specialize inWe minding other people's business

Farmers Insurance Group offers a FARMERS IS BEST FOR YOUR PERFarmers insurance the sensible, complete line of commercial insurSONAL INSURANCE, TOO. Farmers modern way—by the month. You

ance to cover every business need at provides comprehensive personal consolidate all your insurance low, low rates. coverage for you and your family.. premiums—personal and business—

Whether you run a service station AUTO insurance that combines low into convenient monthly payments.

or an appliance store, a florist shop rates with fast, fair, friendly servWhen you pay as you go, you conor a chain of bakeries, whatever your ice... the best protection against serve operating capital—keep your

business, you'll find that Farmers fire and theft for your home and money working longer for you.

has an insurance program especially its contents...life insurance deNow is the time to find out about

tailored to your needs. signed to fit your needs and your the many advanbudget. tages of insuring Farmers insurance covers everything from liability and fire and FARMERS NEW PAYMENT PLAN with Farmers.

theft and workmen's compensation CONSERVES OPERATING CAPITAL. Call your Farmers

exclusive life Prematicto special PayFarmers Agent and even protection for ALL WL group m

TgEflBSCEEaBISaSBr Plan for ALL your your insurance. lets you pay loss ment of earnings.against

Fast - Fair Friendly Farmers Insurance Group

AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK COMMERCIAL

SEPTEMBER 1962 663 the message of the Master, 'Go into of languages by electronic computers an unnamed person as follows: "The

all the world and preach the gospel is technically possible. An interspirit of truth is the spirit of religion,

to every creature'? national, private teleview system is whether occupied with sticks and

"Sarnoff says science will provide no longer a mere "Buck Rogers"stones or revelations and morals.

the vehicle and make it possible to dream. There is a religiousness in all pure

do just that, because we can stand Scientists need to learn more about search for truth about anything as in Salt Lake and talk to all the the religion they are aiding. The rewell as about everything. The

world, and regardless of their lanverse is also true, but many religious failure of religion to foster knowlguages they will understand what people do not seem to realize that edge in its own house has an indirect we say, and thus will the world befact. 15 If science and religion are but a farreaching effect on the

come prepared for the coming of to become as one, are they not whole educational system."16

the Son of God."14 Satellites have albasically one already? Isn't the diIt is obvious that the fruits of sciready made possible a worldwide vision a manmade artificiality? ence have been used for evil purtelevision network, and experiments President Brown enthusiastically poses, and this has caused much

indicate that automatic translation presented this idea when he quoted concern among men; but the fear of

such things as an atomic war is simply a misunderstanding of our a scriptures.not mere physicalThe deadlyobjects.things are to be a son: to love not take nuclear physics to17 destroyIt did

r>i the Nephites. Sin was the destruc-

a father... tiveneed agent.fear nothing.If we areIf werighteousare wickedwe

RICHARD L. EVANS we have cause to fear everything.

The love of mystery leads the way

Recently we heard a thoughtful young man sinto destruction. True science is the

of anything opposite mystery, and or spent that "never sweeter cerely say he had 18 is light 1 that from God. comes life father's in his in than hours home."THE happier

SPOKEN Would that every son could say so, for this, in fact, Basically, every branch of human

WORD is the pattern of life and its purpose: to learn well, learning is in the same position as

to work well, to serve well, to live well, with a balancing of life, far as God is concerned. Men claim

and then to return to our Father's house, where once we were. And to have found evidence for his existnow we would recall some sentences from highly esteemed sources, ence in everything from art to

on lessons learned from fathers. "My father taught me,"said Anne zoology, but until God speaks in

Morrow Lindbergh, "that a bill is like a crying baby and has to be clear and unmistakable terms, we attended to at once."2 Of John Wallace Hamilton it was said by must all move in a somewhat aimless

a grateful son: "He was there if anything happened—not just fashion. Scientists cannot eliminate

physical mishaps, but those inner things not expressed...."3 This the need for prophets, nor should

must be one of the eternal attributes of a father: "He was there if they even desire to do so.

anything happened."This is true of the Father of us all. He is Thus we see that all revelation is

there for us to find him, to approach him in prayer. Of one father spiritual; temporal laws are only a

it was said that he held out strong, workworn hands to the girl subdivision of the spiritual. When

he was to marry. "These hands are clean hands,"he said. "I offer scientists subdue the earth they are

them to you."3 What a great and blessed thing for a father to obeying a spiritual commandment. 19

offer as a heritage for his children—clean, honest hands, with a willIf their methods produce certain reingness to work. Carlyle said after his father had left this life: sults a little later than some other

"Strange time—endless time;... All rushes on. Man follows.... branch of human endeavor they are

I shall now no more behold my dear father with these bodily no less deserving of a reward. On

eyes.... His simple, true counsel and fatherly admonitions have the other hand, the fact that science

now first attained their fit sacredness of meaning. Pity for me if temporarily leads in a few areas does

they be thrown away.... His trust in me, was great.... He did not give scientists a right to exalt

nothing that was not kind and fatherly.... I have been a happy themselves.

son.... Perhaps my father... is even now near me, with me.... We should pray for increased faith

Perhaps, if it so please God, we shall in some higher state of being and knowledge in every branch of meet one another, recognize one another.... Thank Heaven, I learning so that all things pertaining

... father. son; it is to to love a be a have what and known know to men might become as one in the "4

.. is father's to to live His. Blessed honor and God give me to my truth.

the son who could say, "I have spent no sweeter or happier hours than in the house of my father."1 And the father who could say: FOOTNOTES

I have given "the world [a] clean, honest, Godfearing son."5

xJohn A. Widtsoe, arranged by G.

William Robert McConkie. Homer Durham, Evidences and ReconciliaLindbergh. Dwight Morrow Anne Whitney by Morrow 2To

Hamilton, Wallace Wallace Hamilton by John John 3To Jr. tions,140. Salt Lake City, Bookcraft, 1960, p. Carlyle. Carlyle, Reminiscences: James 4Thomas

5To John D. Rockefeller, Jr. by Abby Aldrich Rockefeller. 2William A. Granville, and others,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Elements of Calculus, Boston, Ginn and

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 17, 1962. Copyright 1962. Co., 1946, pp. 1314.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joseph Fielding Smith, Man... His '<0i>W

Origin and Destiny, Salt Lake City, Deseret

Book Company, 1954, p. 540.

4Psalm 82:6, John 10:34, Phil. 2:5-6.

5 Granville, op. tit., p. 8.

6D&C 130:2021, Gal. 6:7.

Alma 32:2643,

8Eric T. Bell, Men of Mathematics, New

York, Dover Publications, 1937, p. 39.

9Frank DeSua, "Consistency and Completeness—a Resume,"American Mathematical Monthly, 63 (1956): 305.

107Jem. "2Nephi 29:8.

12D&C 71:9-10.

13Hugh B. Brown, "Address by President Hugh B. Brown,"Brigham Young

University Bulletin, vol. 58, no. 38, Provo,

Brigham Young University Press, 1961, The stabilizerequipped Queen Elizabethp. 4.

iVbid,, p. 6.

13John3:12; Gen. 1:28. and Queen Maryby far the world's largest

lcBrown, op. tit., p. 2.

i?Matt. 10:28. superlinersoffer fiveday express

i 8Rev. 17:5, 2 Nephi 31:3, D&C

50:2324. crossings to and from Europe! No other 19Gen. 1:28 plus D&C 29:34.

form of transportation provides as much.

FLOWER ARRANGEMENTS Each year, over 100,000 passengers sail to and from Europe

BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER aboard the Queen Elizabeth and Queen Mary. Here is a true

All year, from the first day in spring tribute to the luxury, speed, travel value, and fun of these

When violets dare to bloom, two superliners—the world's largest. When you travel toUntil chrysanthemums hail frost,

Europe, sail aboard the "Queens"—or any of five other 1 go from room to room,

And everywhere, in vases, cups, Cunard liners in regular service from New York and Canada.

Jars, bottles tall and stout, Cunard also offers a yearround cruise program

Gay jonquils, roses, fragrant weeds, to suit every season, taste and budget.

Are scattered all about.

Luxurious cruises aboard the fast, elegant, airconditioned

True, artists might look skeptical Caronia and Mauretania take you to enchanting ports

At lilies in a mug, throughout the world. The program includes cruises to the

But they'll not see the shining face Mediterranean in Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring; to

Nor feel the pixie hug; the North Cape in Summer; Around the World, or to the

They'll never hear the happy laugh

West Indies and South America in Winter.

As small hands, wet with dew, Arrange each flower masterpiece—Cunard by air, too! Cunard Eagle "Londoner Jet"service offers 3 flights

weekly to London via Nassau and Bermuda from Miami and Jamaica.

"See, Mother, all for you!"

m GETTING THERE IS HALF THE FUN! GO

President David O. McKay

( Continued from page 641 CUNARDCUNARD LINE I CUNARD EAGLE AIRWA YS addresses; for example, from Carlisle:

"Of all acts, is not for man repentSEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT ance the most divine? The deadliest

sin, I say, were that same supercilious Please send me, without obligation:

consciousness of no sin; that is death; Brochure on travel to Europe. I am interested in sailing First Classthe heart so conscious is divorced Cabin Tourist

from sincerity, humility, and, in fact, Cunard Eagle Airways literature.

is dead."Brochures on the following cruises:

Of Burns the President said, "His greatest power lay in the breadth (Write in Name of Cruise and season) and depth of his sympathetic soul."

He often quotes, with the Scottish Name burr, such verses as the following; Address.

which, he says, expresses the poet's City.Zone. -State.

appreciation for the message of The name of my travel agent is Mail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

SEPTEMBER 1962 665 "Peace on earth, good will toward activity of the Church during the standing of his fellow men.... I

men."administration of President McKay, have met many of the religious

the complete church organization leaders of the world, but none "Then let us pray that come it may, and gospel program has been made with more contagious humor, pracAs come it will for a'that. available to thousands of church tical good sense, and homespun

That sense an'worth, o'er a'the earth members in their native lands, where philosophy."

Shall bear the gree an'a'that. stakes have been organized and May God bless, continue to inspire,

officered by local members. Also and spare to us for many years

"For a'that and a'that, temples have been built and dedito come our beloved President,

It's coming yet for a'that, cated in Switzerland, California, which prayer is intended to include

That man to man, the world o'er, New Zealand, and England. He rehis gracious, loyal, and universally

Shall brithers be for a'that. cently presided at groundbreaking beloved wife, Emma Rae Riggs

services and dedicated the imposing McKay. To President David O. McOne of his favorite quotations from site for a new temple in Oakland, Kay, as he enters his ninetieth year,

Scott is: California. all the members of the Church

As one of the greatest missionaries extend greetings, love, and blessings "Years rush by as like the wind, of all time he has encircled the globe as we continue to pray and sing, "We

We see not whence the eddy comes, and traveled by land, sea, and air Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet."

Nor witherward it is tending, approximately 1,000,000 miles. He

And we seem, ourselves, to witness has walked the cobbled streets of their flight Scotland, traveled by horse and

Without a sense that we are changed, buggy, later by auto, and flown on

Yet time is beguiling man of his jet airplanes to the far corners of strength the earth. Always he has left a The Word of Wisdom

As the winds rob the trees of their blessing wherever he has gone, and foliage."his visits are never forgotten by the (Continued from page 652) multitudes who welcome him.

And then we hear him add a line We have seen his deep concern which his own life demonstrates, for the plight of a sorely tried, lonely know something about aldehydes, "Though time dims our youthfulness and allbut-forgotten young person; and become familiar with the aldeand affects the physical body, it canhis yearning solicitude and Christhyde called formaldehyde, for it is

not touch the spirit."like compassion for one who has a friend of man. Formaldehyde is

The President has a scintillating erred; we have seen him prayerfully the prime ingredient used in emsense of humor and likes especially consider and wisely solve problems balming fluid. Since it always comes

to hear and tell stories of Scottish that would affect the entire memberthrough in the smoke of a cigaret thrift and economy. He agrees with ship of the Church; each decision this in itself should be enough to

Sir James Barrie that "the Scots are has been inspired and forwardlook- keep one from smoking.

canny because they live among the ing as he has charted a course along And now, the fifth reason! Again,

Scotch."lines dictated by the Holy Spirit for those of us in the field of medicine

Two years ago a few were privithe upbuilding of the kingdom of are well impressed with the fact leged to stand with him at the God. that where personal pleasure is incottage in Merthyr Tydfil, South He is equally at home before the volved, reasoning very often goes

Wales, where his mother, Jennette millions, seen and unseen at general out the window. The vast majority

Evelyn Evans, was born. We noted conference, greeting a small child, of physicians now declare that there

how he was moved by memories of or occasionally playing the organ for is a cause and effect relationship her as he dedicated a plaque on the the hymn at the beginning of the between smoking and certain diswall of the old home. Here we beweekly meeting of the First Presieases of the heart and lungs—yes,

held the fruit of two great family dency and the Council of the including cancer. Whose word would

trees. The ScotchWelsh roots, Twelve. His life is always one of you take? Would you take that of

when transplanted, produced an illusservice at the moment, and he serves the American Cancer Society or the trious American. humbly but magnificently. American Heart Association, or the

The eleven years that David O. One of the duties that fall upon National Tuberculosis Society? PerMcKay has served as President of the President is receiving and enterhaps the statement by the Public

the Church have been a period of taining "very important persons"Health Service would be acceptable!

unprecedented growth. On Decemfrom many nations. We often hear Would you take the word of the

ber 31, 1950, there were 180 stakes, such visitors comment on his warm British Medical Society or the Britcomposed of 1,541 wards and indeand inspiring personality and his ish Cancer Society or responsible pendent branches. As this is being gracious hospitality. Many have medical organizations in Sweden,

written, the number of stakes is 335, been heard to say after an interview, Denmark, or Norway? Every one

with 3,288 wards and independent "Why, he looks and speaks like of these associations and societies branches. Church membership has a prophet."A recent guest of the has published statements that there

increased by more than 700,000. The President, a noted newspaper columis cause and effect relationship benumber of missions and missionaries nist, wrote: "President McKay is tween smoking and diseases of the

has almost doubled and annual con- a man of 88 years, with a strong, heart and lungs, including cancer.

vert baptisms multiplied by six. friendly face, a contagious smile, an

In addition to the great missionary amazing memory, and a deep under- (To be continued)

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The State, Prayer, and the Public Schools

(Continued from page 622)

upheld the practice but was reversed 6-1, on appeal to the US Supreme

Court.

The country and the people generally seemed to judge the Supreme

Court and its decision before either reading the opinion or getting the facts. Perhaps this is because the

initial reporting, via radio, TV, press, and other media, was in the hands of journalists, who, although trained and expert in getting, analyzing, and reporting facts, are nevertheless not constitutional lawyers, a highly technical branch of jurisprudence.

Unlike the President or Congress, those responsible for delivering judgments from the third branch, the

Court, do not hold press conferences or prepare "boilerplate"interpretations of their official acts. So, discussion of the decision will continue.

In principle, Justice Black's basic proposition that "it is no part of the business of government to compose Selecting the "right"architect for your church building official prayers for any group of program is one of the most important decisions you

Americans to recite,"may seem have to make. Here's a new 12page guide that gives

sound. The armed services have you a stepby-step plan for architect selection..

Protestant, Jewish, and Catholic provides you with a helpful worksheet for determining chaplains. Some Christians do not your needs... tells you what to expect from your

accept the idea that even the church architect... and how to create a good working

should prescribe official prayers for relationship. The booklet was written by Robert L.

its members; that prayer is a sacred, Durham, FAIA and member of the Church Architectural

personal, private matter; that the

Guild of America. It has been developed by the RilcoLord's prayer is a model, not a prescription. Silent, unuttered prayers, Engineered Wood Products Division of Weyerhaeuser

characterize some Christian groups. Company to make your building program as simple and

In others, virtually all prayers are efficient as possible. Send for your free booklet today.

prescribed, or models are set forth for every conceivable circumstance.

Among the Latterday Saints, only in Rilcoa naturallaminatedfor a housewood ofarchesworship.and Thebeamswarmare

the administration of the sacred rite hues and subtle grain patterns create a dramaof baptism and the Lord's supper are tic architectural character unduplicated by any public prayer specifically and offiotherfast andmaterial.maintenanceInitial costscost isminimal.low, erectionTo giveis

cially prescribed. One aspect of the you interesting ideas on the use of laminated

judicial decision in the Roth case is wood, a Rilco Church Construction booklet that this freedom to prescribe or not, also accompanies the Church Architect booklet.

or how much to prescribe, is to remain the prerogative of the churches, Weyerhaeuser families oftheir or and members, Company of the government.individuals—not Rilco Engineered Wood lines of future if the However, Products Division

the from stemmingdevelopment, 1, Dept. B-550 Wash. Tacoma

m* b mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm; m the freeto threatenRoth case, were

dom of these same groups and citiPlease send me your new booklet, Selecting zens to observe the ritual of prayer andgetherWorkingwith thewith RilcoYour ChurchChurch Architect,Constructiontoin public schools, then the issue Ideas booklet.

arouses deeper concerns. At the

moment it seems that the intent of Name the majority of the Court was not Church to eliminate God, prayer, and popuAddress

City Zone State

SEPTEMBER 1962 667 Start Your

lar religious observance from public schools. Rather it was to strike at MISSION SAVINGS the undesirability of stateimposed

and stateprescribed prayers for the How public schools.

Early Planning Might Make the Difference A review of the recommended ) words in in the Fulfillment of Your Mission (and locallyprescribed the Roth case may help:

If to are planning serve as a missionary you... if you hope

start children called, at "Almighty God, we acknowledge your plan will be a mission savings

American Savings, now. The earlier you start, the less money our dependence upon Thee, and wp

you need to save, because while you save American pays you beg Thy blessing upon us, our parextra dollars—earnings compounded semiannually at a high ents, our teachers, and our country;"

4,/2% current rate. Few Americans, if any, can take

will This considerably the save means you actually be amount serious exception to them- 1 the words the less mission. usually for a required than And, every $2,000 carefully seem selves. They designed

is plus reserves substantial protected American account by

INSURED to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurto meet the especial objective of ance Corporation, permanent agency of the U.S. Government. many important religious bodies.

But the principle of official prescripHERE'S MUCH SAVE HOW CAN YOU WITH MISSION OUR BY PLANS SAVINGS is tion in point. This issue runs THE TIME IS IF YOU CHILD OR YOUR 19 YEARS - OLD START YOU NOW. deeper. issue of is that much The

At At At $20.00 Present At At $15.00 $25.00 At $10.00 $9.00 $6.00 At $8.00 At $7.00

Age Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly the freedom of the individual, of $2,154.63 likeminded individuals, against the

1 1,990.29 political authority of those who, for

2 /TIiqc.3\ i nes< columns opposite present age 12, 138.62 1,833.11 a time and season, control a govern-

3 indicc ite the amount that will be 1,963.23 1,682.76 mental body.

that It appears the not did Court "J 1 4,795.46 1,538.97 $2,051.96

tii thp rule as such, on prayer prebut on 1 5,635.00 1,401.43 1,868.57 $2,102.14

1 9 ve>ars of acieje.;V scribed If prayer. local state and 6 1,904.81 1,481.52 1,693.17 1,269.87 $2,116.46

7 1,906.75 1,716.07 1,525.40 1,334.72 1,144.05 school boards remain silent on the

8 1,706.16 1,535.55 1,364.93 1,194.31 1,023.70 subject, do not require or prescribe,

9 $2,271.46 1,514.31 1,362.88 1,211.45 1,060.02 908.59 but permit the freely offered prayer

10 1,996.21 1,330.81 1,197.73 1,064.65 931.56 798.48 practices of each local community,

11 $2,310.58 1,732.94 1,155.29 1,039.76 924.23 808.70 693.17 many of the fears expressed with

12 1,974.83 1,481.12 987.41 888.67 789.93 691.19 592.45 respect to the recent decision may

13 $2,067.11 1,653.69 1,240.27 826.85 744.16 661.48 578.79 496.11 be mollified. In other words, if

14 1,683.16 1,346.53 1,009.90 673.26 605.94 538.61 471.29 403.96 prayer remains a matter of custom

15 1,315.92 1,052.74 789.55 526.37 473.73 421.10 368.46 315.82 rather than legal prescription, those

if any, will have to seek 16 964.67 771.73 578.80 385.87 347.28 308.69 270.11 231.52 who object,

political remedies rather than legal 17 628.70 502.96 377.22 251.48 226.33 201.18 176.04 150.89

recourse. When in the minority, the 18 307.36 245.89 184.41 122.94 110.65 98.35 86.06 73.77

* Computed at current rate of 4'/2% per annum dissenters may have to use restraint.

Majorities, meanwhile will be wise "SAVE THE

their to particular reliimpose WAY"ing (Am/dcm& LOAN ASSOCIATIONSewings& AMERICAN to exercise wisdom before attemptgious others. practices on

Salt OFFICE: Main, Lake City 63 "South'11, Utah HOME line that separates church and The

Dr., Salt City OFFICE: Highland 2186 Lake SUGAR HOUSE

is 6, Utah state even, straight edge. not an Street, Salt OFFICE: City Market Lake 4, Utah 3555 GRANGER

HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii The Roth case is merely another deKAIMUKI OFFICE: 1 142 - 12th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii cision, based on a particular set of

Hilo, HILO OFFICE: Hawaii Waianuenue Avenue, 120 facts in the state of New York, markOFFICE: KALIHI Hawaii North King Street, Honolulu, 1851

ing the ragged boundary.

If the state cannot and should not dictate prayers in the interests of religious liberty and diversity, the state is thus limited and kept on one

SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS side of the line.

with a present appreciated the yearround Since the doctrine of separation of church and state is also an expresTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA sion of the doctrine of limited govAN IDEAL GIFT FOR ernment, it implies that no one government, priest, church, corporaWeddings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends, New Members tion, labor union, party, or individual

Lovely gift card sent in your name can have everything his own way.

Send only $3.00 for 12 big issues The necessity of maintaining balance

between all these groups is the to principal task of statesmanship and 135 South State St. Salt Lake City 11, Utah

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the essence of constitutionalism. ing out in fury and fighting back at member a time when the loss of a

Prudent minds will watch the consethe rain and wind with every twig pair of shoes would have been the quences of the Roth case and await and branch. The ditch had overcause of great concern. It wasn't

additional developments. The first flowed its banks, and the water was always easy getting shoes for all your

amendment, we may recall, restricts a deep pond before the door, aunts and uncles when they were our governing authorities from prothreatening to rise over the step and little. Times were hard. In the

hibiting "the free exercise"of recome in through the closed screen. summer the children could go bareligion, as well as restraining them It was a real cloudburst, a gullyfoot, but when winter came, they

from issuing rules "respecting an washer, and floodmaker. We felt just had to have shoes.

establishment of religion."a thrill of excited fear. The rain fell "We always depended on the Lord

with a steady roar accompanied by a lot in those early days. There

forked lightning and those awful was no one else we could depend

Shoes and Stockings splitting crashes of thunder. on. He was good to us and helped

for Seven All of a sudden I remembered the us through many trying times. shoes we had neglected to put on "The farm wasn't always like it is

( Continued from page 647 and had left carelessly on the bridge. now. When we first came here,

"Our shoes!"I cried. "They'll get your grandpa and I, it was all sage

next thing we knew, Grandma was wet!"and rabbit brush, just like the hills

standing there in the open door "Wet!"laughed Grandma. "If they out there. We were homesteading

viewing the storm. are outside, they are probably sailing and...."

"No use being frightened,"she along with the creek by now and "What's homesteading?"we wanted

calmly assured us. "I've seen many will end up down at the dam. I'm to know.

storms like this in my life, and I've afraid you won't see them any more. "The government used to let folks

survived them all."But don't worry; we'll look for them have land if they would live on it,

Gathering confidence from Grandin the morning. If we don't find build a house, and make improvema's calm assurance, we came and them, I dare say you'll both get a ments. It didn't cost much in

stood beside her to look out and see new pair."money, but an awful lot in hard

what was happening. "We shouldn't have been so carework and backbreaking toil. We

The tall poplars along the fence less,"I said, wondering what my had to clear the land and fence were whipping and bowing before folks would say. it before seeds could be planted.

the wind. The elms in the yard were "It's not such a tragedy,"said And of course we had to build a

threshing their branches about, lashGrandma comfortingly, "but I replace to live in."

perfect for the family!

Scriptures How

OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Published by Deseret Book Company distributed through representatives appointed by Wheelwright

Publications, Inc.

A FAMILY EDITION Thumbindexed edition

OF THE SCRIPTURES A 095 EASY CREDIT TERMS

JL LmU (slightly higher outside

United States) CHOICE DEALERSHIPS AVAILABLE

CONTAINS ALL OF THESE ADVANTAGES:

King James Version of the Holy Bible in LARGE TYPE, center I WHEELWRIGHT PUBLICATIONS, INC. 2

column references, and concordances. 971 South West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

The Book of Mormon, The Doctrine & Covenants, and the Pearl of J I am interested in having your personal represen-;

call Scriptures. and Holy show me the heretofore; Price Great TYPE than in LARGER authorizing interested in a dealership me to am,,,,,,, to all COMBINATION..,,REFERENCE I area. Scriptures the Holy four,books,,,,..,used.by Eldin Ricks, '.Ill. LJ Nativegejj in my

this edition. revised for completely I to desire purchase a book. Enclosed is check J Q I

tax. *or plus $42.95; I in topgrain with full color picture of the Angel cowhide Bound

Moroni on the front. Name I

A family genealogy record section. J,, I

Seventytwo color illustrations, including: portrait paintings of The

Prophet Presidents, entire Cody mural, pictures of all LDS Temples, j ClfY s,ate J

SEPTEMBER 1962 669 "Did you build this house your- "Grandpa worked so hard clearfrom miles around and began to eat selves?"Bea asked. Grandma waited ing and fencing the land, planting the hay and grain. They didn't stop

for a loud clap of thunder to die crops, and taking care of stock. I until the fields were bare. We

down. couldn't help as much as I wanted to fought them for five years."

"We didn't have this house at as I was very ill most of the time. "Did you get rid of them then?"

first,"she went on. "Our first home We seemed to be doing very well, I asked.

was just one room with an adobe though. The years went by and we "Yes, after the dam was built, they

fireplace. If we were in that house had good crops—always enough to went away. I don't know why. We

tonight, we'd really get wet. The supply us and our stock with food were glad to see the last of them. It

roof leaked and often needed rethrough the winters. was the third year after they came

pairing, but we were happy and con- "Then one year—1891, I believe it that we had such a hard time. We

tented, and it was there our first was—the ground hogs seemed to pop had eight children then. I was exlittle girl was born. up all over the place. They came pecting the ninth.

"It seems that the ground hogs would become dormant the last part of July, so we could harvest one crop

Another world record of hay before the cold weather set

You can judge a nation's civilization by the extent to which it "works the machine, not the in. But it was barely enough to feed

man."One of the best measures of mechanization is electric power consumption, and the stock through the winter.

here, America leads the world. With only Vie of the world's population, we have V3 of the "It was late fall, and the children

world's electric power capacity. Our 400 investorowned electric utility companies have all needed shoes except the baby.

electricity of than times faster years, growing 10 every their production doubling 2 V2 been electricity, plentiful plus supply of an That meant seven pairs. We had a have a Today, we nation's the as a whole. economy

ample margin of reserve. On top of this, the unit cost of electricity has gone down about a young beef, and your grandpa dethird in the last 50 years. cided to kill and sell it."

industry, taken electric in of has step been power evolution the a new the rapid Now you got the shoes,"said "Then lines. voltage Test of transmission world's highest testing the successful with the happily. lines Bea volts. of high volts, higher our previous than at 460,000 operating 750,000 are now 60%

The new system required newly designed equipment, and many of the towers are built "No, no. The money from the

with USS High Strength Steels for greater strength and lower cost. The great high voltage beef was barely enough to buy flour

Steel Electrical the to improve Sheets magnetic with tons of are filled transformers USS children the winter. the When steel. for with again, of grows efficiency America the system. Once the fields and enhance

beef, to sell the was going Pa knew

This mark tells you a product is they gathered around and began made of modern, dependable Steel. United States Steel clamoring for new shoes. They

needed them so badly, and I was

TRADEMARK heartsick when I had to tell them we couldn't afford them.

''Please, Ma, just get part of the flour now. You'll be able to get

some more later,'they begged.

"I knew from struggles we'd had the past few years that we'd have to get the flour. There just wouldn't

be any shoes. My heart ached to

see their disappointment.

"Pa went to a neighboring town to sell the beef. He was feeling

downhearted about the crop failure again and was wondering about a new poison he might try next year to get rid of the ground hogs. He

sold the beef and was walking down the street when he met a man who had owed him three dollars for several years. The man paid the

debt, and Pa gratefully pocketed the money, wishing all the while it could have been a much larger sum.

"Pa was very kindhearted, and it grieved him not being able to give his family all they needed."

Grandma paused, and I thought she must be dozing when she went on.

"Well, when your grandpa came home, he handed me the three dollars and said, 'Take this and get what you can for the children.'

"I was so happy for a moment,

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA then I remembered—seven pairs of would have delighted the girls. And, "Grandma, you did get my mother

shoes. Three dollars wouldn't buy oh, how I wanted some of the oranges a pair, didn't you?"I said hopefully.

that many shoes, even in those days. I saw piled high in a grocery store "And mine,"said Bea.

I decided I might be able to get I passed. I didn't dare look long at "Your mother wasn't born at this

two pairs, but how could I choose anything except shoes. time, Bea,"said Grandma.

which of the seven to buy these for? "As I passed one store I saw what "Oh,"said Bea, disappointed.

They were all barefoot, and I hated I was looking for in the window, so "Don't be so curious, girls. Just

to make the decision."I went in and there I saw tables and wait until I'm through with my

"I hope my// mother was one of tables piled up with shoes of all story,"Grandma went on, laughing the lucky ones,"I said. sizes. I looked them over. There softly. "Well, I finally made up my

"And mine,"echoed Bea. was a cute little pair with red tops mind to get the shoes for the two

"A few days later, your grandpa and black buttons and I wanted them oldest girls."

had to take a load of grain to a so much for one of the little girls.""Oh, was my mother one of the

neighboring town. I decided, ill as

I was, to go with him and see if I could do any better there with my three dollars than in our own town.

"It was a long, jolty ride on the Management wagon—dusty, too. All the way I MathematicsMarketingwas saying to myself, 'Which ones?'UNIVERSITY Mechanical Engineering

If I bought for the older ones, the Medical Biology others would feel I was showing Medical Technology

Medicinefavoritism. I prayed about it. I OF UTAHknew the Lord had blessed and MetallurgicalEngineering

Metallurgy us, I couldn'thelped and somehow. intellectual climate vigorous a Meteorology littlesee five children through going

Military Science, shoes. diverse studentthe winter without soundly body a Mineralogy

"The bishop had told us many Mining Engineering times that we would never want if a complete range of Music we paid our tithing. We did pay topflight degree programs... NavalNuclearScienceEngineering

our tithing faithfully. Your grandpa Nursing

always paid his tenth on what he DOCTORS'DEGREES Certificate in Child Development Office Administration

Pathology Civil Engineering International Studies for hauling otherearned and wood Education Pharmaceutical in Certificate Textiles Public Clothing and injobs winter. the able to he was do Medicine Chemistry Administration Dance

of butter, eggs, took our a tenthWe Pharmacognosy in Distributive Philosophy Certificate Sales Education grain, and hay to the bishop's MASTERS'DEGREES Engineering Economics Pharmacy

Philosophy Educational Elementary Schoolstorehouse."

Physical Education AdministrativeAdministration "What a funny way to pay tithing,"ArtsBusiness Educational Supervisory Psychology Physical we laughed. Administration Certificate Electrical Engineering and DanceEducation

"That's the way most folks did it Fine Arts Graduate Certificate Elementary Education Physical Sciences

Music Physics in Area Studies in Engineering early just didn'tin the days. They Science Physiology Administration International ich money,"wenthave Grandma m Science Education Political Science Relations English

on. "Most of the people were farmSocial Work High School Teaching Experimental Biology Psychiatry

Psychology Certificate just Nutrition Foods their anding produce. had and DEGREES It BACHELORS'Recreation Associate Arts of French tithing. as acceptedwas

Science Education Architecture Fuels Engineering (Twoyear diploma) "Well, along behind drove as we Sculpture Arts Sciences Associate General of Science the old work horses, I saw ground Fine Arts (Twoyear diploma) Genetics Secondary Education hogs sitting on the edge of their Laws Diploma in Educational Geography Social Studies

Social Work Geological Music Engineering Administration andholes us curiously. I hated watching

Sociology Science Supervision Geology little beasts."the Spanish Ceramic Geophysics Engineering Diploma in Elementary

Grandma laughed a little and Chemical Engineering Education German Speech and Theater went on. "I felt as if ground hogs Civil Engineering Greek Arts

MAJORS Zoology Electrical Engineering Health Education off right the earth.should be wiped

Engineering Health, Physical Accounting for our to blameThey were probGeologicalFuels Engineering Education, and Air Science lems and had robbed my children Geology Anatomy Recreation of their shoes. I wished I knew how Geophysics Anthropology History

Home Economics Engineering Applied Mechanics their shoes out ofto make nasty little MechanicalMetallurgical Journalism Architecture it."hides and I would do Engineering Language Art Bea and I giggled. Meteorology Bacteriology Latin Arts

Mineralogy Finance Law Banking and finally destinareached our "We Mining Engineering Biochemistry Registration Classworktion, I still didn't to what and know Nursing Biological Sciences Days: Starts: I justdo. wasn't Pa, asked Pharmacy and he Botany

Sept. 2829 Oct. 1 all. at help unloadany While he was CERTIFICATES AND BusinessBusiness mill, ating into the I walked down full DIPLOMAS For write: information Administration store into looked the andtown Certificate in Business Industrial Relations University Relations

windows. So many things I saw that Administration Ceramic Engineering

Certificate in Chemical Engineering University of Utah

Industrial Relations Chemistry Salt Lake City 12, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1962 671 s.twr* TpTs'asZHEM&S&EXX

oldest?"I interrupted again.

just wait,"said Grandma. "I For a gala evening "Now picked out two shiny pairs of high

button shoes and took them over to... enjoy sparkling music... the clerk and asked her how much

fine food... gracious service they were. I was almost ready to

cry, and I wanted to get out of that... in the beautiful store in a hurry. All those shoes and

I could afford only two pairs.

shoes are 'The cents twentyfive pair,'a clerk. said the choice 'Your HOTEL UTAH * * of in store shoes the any for twentyfive cents.'I was so surprised that I

Dinner and dancing stood and gaped. I thought I must

nightly except Sunday be dreaming. Whoever heard of

shoes at such a price? I just didn't ROOM

realize for a minute what her words

Complete dinners from $3 00 Supper selections from *1 7S meant. Then I nearly cried anyway,

because I was so happy. Shoes for

FREE PARKING at Hotel Utah Garage all the children! And stockings, too!

for Sky Room Dinner Guests "I felt so thankful I just said over and over to myself, 'Thank you,

Heavenly Father, thank you,'as I picked out five more pairs of shoes and seven pairs of stockings. I

tell him the good news. He ETT'S rushedPa and away from the store to meet

didn't seem much surprised, but was very happy and said in his quiet way 'Fire sales can be mighty convenient sometimes.'1-COAT "On the way home next day he

kept pulling his old Jew's harp out of his pocket and humming into it, 'God moves in a mysterious way his wonders to perform.'HOUSE PAINT "Twentyfive cents a pair!"I exclaimed.

In 8 out of 10 cases of repainting, "I hardly think you'd find a store

Bennett's Outside Pure selling shoes that cheaply nowadays,

Bennetts] will do the job in just one coat! ma.even at"Nowa fireyou'dsale,"betterlaughedscootGrandover

Your choice of brilliant white into your own bed and get to sleep. (house paint)

or 1,322 Colorizer "colors. There'll be no more thunder tonight."

Grandma yawned.

CofoUze* "I'm so glad all the children got shoes,"I murmured as I dropped off sleep. 65 W. 1st South 21st So. & 2nd West to farm looked beautifully clean The

BENNETT'S BRANCHES AND DEALERS in the morning sun. The bath of the

in the Intermountain Area and So. California night before had been topped off

with a liberal application of an Eau

It was 33 years ago last April that we first offered de Cologne of nature's own blendSNELGROVE "DISTINCTIVE"ICE CREAM. ing—wet earth, sage, wild snowballs,

other hillside fragrances. It and

until long It wasn't its our finer product found into the hearts of particular folk way smelled wonderful. today is and are producing we a product that preferred by the all who demand Industry's Supreme achievement. We didn't find our shoes. GrandOver the years Conference Visitors have had a great part in our unusual success. ma always said it was an ill wind

that I so good, no blew one hoped 'AMERICA'S ICE FINEST STORE // CREAM little creature, frog, a some a mouse, beautiful larger i more than ever. and

little a nasty even ground hog might 'ARTISTRY IN PLEASURE FOODS'find of a shelter place shoes, the in

DISTINCTIVE wherever they were.

tove vcavucm OUR ONLY STORE 850 East 21st South

Open until Midnight Closed Sundays

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRESH...FROZEN...HOME

Teachers, What about Your Application?Lesson

OR COMMERCIALLY PACKED(Continued from page 649)

Your fruit will taste better when you use these heareth sayingswhosoever of pure, sparklingwhite U and I Sugar. Each I will liken them,mine, and doeth

him unto a wise man,..."(Matt. bright crystal of U and I Sugar is sixway

7:24.) After intensive instructions quality tested to bring out the natural sweet

to the twelve, he declared: ye "Go... especially

... flavor of everything it touchestherefore, all nations, and teach

to observe all things whatsoever I fruit. There's no better buy

have commanded you:..."(Ibid., than pure U and I.

28:1920.) The Lord's instructions to these

Church leaders did not end with the admonition merely to teach others, with understanding to the point of attaining conviction. He emphasized: "Teach all nations... to

observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you."This, that all

should become "doers of the word."

The apostolic "teachers"were instructed to assign their "students"to apply literally the principles of truth presented. They were taught to help

"students"link their immediate learning experience with the world of reality. This was also the Savior's

final charge to the church leaders before his ascension into heaven.

Christ's "students"were assigned by him, after obtaining sufficient understanding and conviction of his teachings, to be baptized and "sin no more."To the receptive student,

such application assignments may be followed with promptings of the

Holy Ghost, leading to increased inSALT LAKE CITY'S Ttecvett 'Zfotel Msight into the Lord's laws and the of the scriptures. teachingsprophetic

ruler rich young who anHOTEL To the nounced that he kept all of the TEMPLE SQUAREcommandments, Christ said: "...

One thing thou lackest: go thy way, MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS

sell whatsoever thou hast, and give shaltto the poor, and thou RATES: have DOWNTOWN

..treasure in heaven:."(Mark SINGLES $6.00

10:21.) The young ruler turned DOUBLES $8.00

away, refusing an assignment which TWINS $10.00

would have truly made him a "doer"and would have linked him to the

Master and eternal life. With the

Savior, an understanding or even a testimony of the law was not sufficient. His students were to apply

the assigned principles of truth in their everyday lives.

The greatest of all teachers has assigned to us, as his "pupils,"many other laws of "doing,"of application, and of personal involvement. To

he churchthe membership gave the FREE DRIVEWPARK/NG as remindingSacrament a means of them of their obligation relative to Clarence L. West, Manager

PHONE EL 5-2961 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1962 673 INTRODUCING THE NEW the atoning sacrifice. He requires

"doing"by all who would claim to be his "students."He desires that all

have a Church responsibility, that members go to the temple, on a

Student giving (Renter mission, attend church meetings, pay tithing, live the Word of Wisdom, donate work on the welfare farm,

AT UTAH STATE help the unfortunate among other

Eight new residence halls for members acts of "doing."Thus, the receptive

and friends of the LDS Church who student is constantly reminded of the attend Utah Church on ownedState'Universityproperty arenearlocatedthe assignments he has been given, and campus. the day will come when every indifacilities along with These modern a vidual will stand before him for a

Center, Stake Phi Delta new Student

Kappa House, and the largest LDS In- "grade"on how well he has lisstitute affords of the Religion students tened to and applied his application religious in living conditions, the best training, cultural opportunities, and assignments. To teachers of the

work. academic

gospel, he could very well add:

Fall Quarter Registration "How have you helped your students

Sept 2425, 1962 apply my doctrine? Are your pupils

UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY 'doers of the word, and not hearers

LOGAN, UTAH only'?"

There are other examples of "doing"through the application assignment. The writer woidd suggest

that teachers, in preparing for theirFAMOUS NAME next lesson, utilize a large part of the time in developing motivatingTYPEWRITERS methods which will lead students to to create teachings. apply their TryADDING MACHINES

in will link that students procedures the classroom with the outside worldCALCULATORS of reality.

Following are a few examples ofDUPLICATORS other application assignments which might serve to make for more sucDICTAPHONES cessful teaching.

(1) For teaching the third commandment, have students carry aSCHREYER'STYPE RIGHTg=--.STORE slip of paper on their person and

DEALER Custom Printed by Mail Order write swear words they might say period. a twentyfour In over hour 28 WEST FIRST SOUTH DA 8-9726 only $7.95 100 class discuss the swearing next how

Styles 100 for $5.95 as low as Other the overcome. Repeat might be

Catalog for FREE Write and samples.

designs. above assignment and encourage service 1-day on 50 different WHEAT MILL each student to compare his first slip

asof second. This the paper with ONLY REXCRAFTDept. E—Rexburg, Idaho repeated one signment might be

$695 (Catalog sent airmail for 25$.) two weeks later. The nonswearingor

POSTPAID students could be given assignments

ANYWHERE JUST OFF THE PRESS—REVISED in other areas. IN THE

STATES UNITED suggest prayer, lesson ) In a on ( 2 "A LOOK AT MORMONISM"or grinds Cracks in that Pictures) famstudents not have (Mormonism do who corn wheat, and highlighting the Church photographs 360 modern ily all in their out carry kinds of hard prayer homes soft grains, its Every deor world. the people throughout and their it with encourage a plan to lbs. min. per ORDER pictures. in attractive represented partment

BY MAIL 1 V2 families. approaches might be How gift Ideal for ANYONE. ANYTIME GUARANTEED

the Bd., should from Cloth Pgs. drawn $3.50 be 3rd made Edit.—7V2"xlOV2"—185

$1.95; OF: THE COMPILER SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS ALSO KNOW the dictated not students and by

$1.75; and THE SCRIPTURE GUIDE HANDY BIBLEKNOW not pressures teacher. must Undue $2.95. Postpaid. SCRIPTURES LATTERDAY PEHRSON HARDWARE placed on the students to carry be BENJAMIN ALWARD 21 15 So. 1 lth East, this project. out Lake City 3, Utah Ave. Salt Salt Lake City 211 Seventh

( 3 ) Teach a lesson on the divinity of of the the mission Prophet Joseph\ $ Money Make 1 f stufor the with assignment Smith Telephone with Your X-rrxS J RIGHTAWAY! PLAY

. women Men, If NEWHOMEBUSINESS. Even Don't Know You their into to dents go homes own selling! needed. No experience -no a of Note Now full or spare hours, own Choose it's to EASYMusic of role missionaries, play the and Now you everythingyou instrushow learn any

exboring totell to i No make say. toWeyourcall, how what time.who playing Start vm teleleaving ever money I!'notes ment.ercises.little Big to yourMake phone. withoutFreeCopy,"How

f byAmazing right piecesaway.

details, full write time. in spare Profits Phone,"hy at home,

- students! lesson. Dept. OOOFREE for FREEFewBOOK.N.centst. Studio Music, of1,000,000 - S. progressperU. California Angeles 19, LosINSTITUTE, La Brea TELEPHONES. COPY 038 WriteNoPortofteacher.Washington,Education. 1Z09,Dept. State Y. (F.st. 1S9S)School N. Chartered

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RADIO DISPATCHED—No matter when or where it happens

in the Intermountain Area one of the 10 radiodispatched teaching the lesson to their parents. cars of The Salt Lake Tribune can be rolling in minutes.

(4) With permission from the Directed by a central radio dispatcher from The Tribune proper officials, have students paint editorial center, coverage by pictures and stories begins and post a highway sign on the pitat the start of the story. Combine this local staff with more

falls of drinking after a lesson on than 100 correspondents, eight news wire services ofthe Wisdom. Word exclusive in this area and the coverage is thorAfter a lesson on selfcontrol (5) it happens in Katanga,or goals, suggest that each student ough. Whether

plan to be alone in the evening and Africa; Kalamazoo, Mich.; Koosharem,

write every thought he can rememUtah, or on Salt Lake City's "K"ber from his waking hour of the day. Street, it will be reported

After a careful selfevaluation, the fast, completely and destroy shouldstudent the paper a accurately daily sheet, establish anotherand, on set of goals upon which he will begin and Sunday working immediately. in

(6) When students are taught about obtaining a personable relationship with God, help them create, within themselves, the desire to be alone and have an extended talk with the Lord.

In structuring an application assignment it is preferable to have students, themselves, suggest ways in which they might adapt the day's lesson to a situation where actual practice might be experienced. After

students have achieved understanding and reached conviction of the principle taught, the teacher might goingsay, are you what "Now, to be Salt ffale* SMhune it?"Students then be about maydo

guided by the teacher in suggesting and determining their own application assignments. The teacher must

not compel. He must always'allow

good common sense to be hiscompanion. YOUR SPOT IN UTAH

Remember that success with application assignments will be in proMany fine LDS people throughout this portion to the preplanning of the country and abroad yearn to own a piece of assignment, prestructuring it in land in Utah—and perhaps return to it one

class through an effective lesson day to live.

followed by significant and conThe spectacularly beautiful Utah Palisades sistent periodic checks on individual land is the perfect answer. It's 6,000 acres of

endeavor. gently rolling oakcovered land, just 30 minutes

of the effective teacher an To be drive southeast from Salt Lake City. teachers Christ, of mustgospel Jesus

literally change the lives of their Right now before a single stone is turned in students. The challenge is that they development (and before the land prices inshall become "doers"of the will of crease), you have an opportunity to buy your

him who is the Master of all teachers. own 5-acre section of this superb land, which

has been called by many who have seen it, "The

Perfect Place."

RX: ONCE A YEAR Convenient terms are readily available. Clip

BY ANNA STOWE and mail the attached coupon today for full information without obligation.

The mellowness of autumn is a tonic all can take. Board of Directors of

It holds no taste of bitterness, Utah Palisades, Inc. Utah Palisades, Inc.

is never known to make 138 South 2nd East, Salt Lake City, Utah K. P. Alexander

relief, promisesFalse of fast you'll each dosebut with find NAME LeRUnaBurtonHirst

P. Ott Layton ordered the doctorJust what ADDRESS. STREET

S. Prows Richard mind. hearts and tranquilfor light W. Robert Wood STATE... CITY AND Yano Mas

SEPTEMBER 1962 675 THE FACT FINDING AND REPORTING COMMITTEE Objective No. 6.

Tell them about it: A quorum may be engaged in

a wellrounded program of fraternal and social activities, yet at the same time may appear dead to some of its members. If a member is engaged in active

quorum work and is present at all meetings where events are announced, he will be informed of many things, but suppose he is the ward Aaronic Priesthood supervisor, a position which requires him to be at other places during the weekly quorum or group meeting. Who tells him about events or responsibilities? Or, more often, assume the member to be one

who does not attend at all; that man will know nothing

about quorum affairs. \/ From these two examples it is evident that a live

ME1CHEEDEK quorum could well issue a bulletin which each member

it PRIESIHOOD is to receive. In those quorums that have found

worthwhile, it is usually issued monthly. It should

contain pithy, terse announcements of events to come, of projects and of decisions made which affect the 't members. It contains news of other quorum members,

MM i4tafc.6teKt4f#fc4f

especially those away from home. Why not include The responsibility for sending these magazines to

addresses of missionaries and servicemen with invitathe servicemen is the responsibility of the factfinding tions to write to them? It will be to the advantage committee; that is, this committee takes steps to be

of the quorum to have news items in the local newssure that the Church publications are sent. Of course,

paper, but it is more advantageous to have the item it is an item of budget in the quorum. So the factappear in the monthly quorum bulletin. finding committee makes certain that the personal

welfare committee has the financial cost of this projectObjective No. 4-

in mind when it makes up the quorum budget and

The monthly letter to the absent members: It need that the subscriptions are promptly ordered.

not be long, if it is accompanied by the monthly news Perhaps the young man in the service can afford to bulletin which gives the detail of quorum activity, buy these. This is not a matter of affording—it is a

hopes, and aspirations.

matter of reaching, of reaching out the hand of fellowIf it is important that members at home receive the ship to the absent member. It is like saying to him,

bulletin, it is doubly important that the members in "We can't be with you in person, but we are with you the Armed Services and missionaries away from the in spirit, and we send you this gift to remind you of quorum receive it.

our affection and as a message which binds us in the

II common cause of our eternal salvation."

Loneliness and a feeling of being forgotten are Have no misunderstanding about this. It will bind

common among quorum members in the Armed you more than any of us can realize or understand.

Services. It takes but little to remind them that we Ill

love them—two of these items are The Improvement We reprint a notice from "The Messenger,"the PreEra and the Church News. siding Bishopric's monthly bulletin:

Membership Records Of Servicemen And Missionaries

The First Presidency has authorized a change of procedure in the handling of the original white membership records of servicemen and missionaries whose parents move to new locations while the serviceman or missionary is still serving away from home. This change, as authorized, will permit the young man's or young lady's

membership record to be forwarded to the new ward with those of his or her parents.

When transferring the membership record of a serviceman or missionary with those of his or her parents, it is requested that the following letter of transmittal be attached to the membership record of the serviceman or missionary. This letter

should be signed by the bishop, supplying appropriate information on each of the four statements indicated. w

Suggested Memorandum to Accompany Membership Records of

Servicemen and Missionaries Date Bishop Ward Stake Dear Bishop:

Brother (Sister), a serviceman (missionary) serving in is the son (daughter) of Brother and Sister who are moving from our ward to your ward.

Inasmuch as he (she) is in the service (on a mission), we wish to report the following information 1. His (Her) Deseret News Church Section subscription

expires on 2. His (Her) subscription to "The Improvement Era"expires on

3. He (She) last received a letter from me as his (her)

bishop on 4. The last correspondence from the elders quorum was

on If at all possible, we would like Elder (Sister) to report his (her) mission to our ward as well as yours at the time of his (her) release. Sincerely yours,

Bishop

Under the circumstances described above, new leaders and quorum officers, unknown to the young man on a mission or in the service, will be writing him. Should they fail to do so, the warmth of his

backing from home will be lost.

Ward and quorum leaders should be prompt to establish relations with these young men, as soon as the family membership records are received in the new ward. HE D RESIDING BIS HOPKICS D ACE HOW WILL YOUR FUTURE FAREremuneration and opportunity for advancement to provide adequately for your family. Twenty years

ILL OR WELL? ago, a high school education may have been sufficient

How would you like to have someone else select qualification for a person to find a good job. Today,

a girl for you to marry? An interesting story is told a high school education is not enough to obtain a

in the Bible ( Genesis 24 ) about Abraham sending his satisfactory position. The present era demands addiservant to select a wife for his son Isaac. On this tional training beyond high school in order to

occasion, a caravan was outfitted with precious jewels become specialized for a particular field. A college

and other finery to present to the family of the girl education in many fields is mandatory. Training in

selected. Undoubtedly, most of you would say, "This a technical institution is a must in most of the

is kind of you, Dad, but there are a few things I precraft fields.

fer doing for myself."A large company, located in the western part of

Sometime you may wish that you had the wealth the United States, recently stated that of approxiof Abraham to help influence a girl into deciding to mately 2,000 applications which are received a month, be your partner in marriage. It is not intended that there are only approximately 250 persons who are

a person should wait until he has secured an abunhired. The majority of these 2,000 applications are

dance of material wealth before he persuades his from people who do not have a high school education sweetheart to accept him in marriage, nor should the or who have only a high school education and no girl want a financial statement to determine the specialized training. They also explained that they

solvency of her suitor. had many current job openings they were seriously

There are, however, some extremely important trying to fill, many in the technical field, and they aspects in selecting a partner which should be given were spending thousands of dollars traveling all over serious consideration prior to marriage. Every young the United States in an effort to find people with

man should have the potential to provide adequately these technical skills.

for a wife. This means simply that he should be This should give you an insight into the future. If

responsible and capable enough to earn sufficient you are interested in becoming one of the 2,000 who money to enable her to remain at home and take care have no technical background, then you are also sayof the family and household affairs. In order to do ing you are not interested in preparing satisfactorily

this, it is necessary for him to prepare and train himfor marriage. If you are interested in providing

self for a job which will earn sufficient income to buy satisfactorily for a family, you are also saying you those things which are necessary. would like to obtain additional education so you

Great changes have taken place in our economy. will be in demand.

Isaac inherited his wealth from his father; hence, he A great number of the divorces in the United States

was able to provide for his wife satisfactorily because today are a result of financial difficulties. One way

of this accumulation by his father over a number of to help secure marital happiness is by making sure years. Most are not this fortunate. The only wealth there is enough money to buy the necessities. Statistics

you can offer to the person of your choice is your also indicate that there are more marriages with peoability to secure employment which will give sufficient ple between the ages of 17 to 19 than ever before.

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This implies that people are getting married before for a family. This means you should avoid excessive

they have the education and training which is so dating and going steady.

necessary. Some feel that they will go on and get Your future happiness depends largely upon the

more education after they are married, but in the decisions that you make now. Do you have the courgreater majority of cases, a baby conies along, and

age to discipline yourself to study when you do not the man needs to provide for the family. Early marfeel like studying, to refuse the requests of your

riages are one of the most serious obstacles toward gaining education. The biggest contributing factor friends who are urging you to bypass your homework

to early marriage is early dating and premature assoto attend a movie or a dance? Do you have the selfciation with the opposite sex. If you are sincerely control to work and make every minute of the day

interested in having a happy, joyous married life, profitable? These are some of the qualities needed

you should be concerned more with becoming suffito make your future healthy, joyous, and happy. It is

ciently educated and trained to provide adequately up to you. How will your future fare—ill or well?

PRESERVING IDEAL FAMILY LIFE WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT FOR OCTOBER

John Ruskin once said: "This is the true nature of burning flame, radiating warmth and light every

home—it is the place of peace."The peace of which minute of the day in all circumstances and situations.

he speaks is the feeling of unity and harmony resulting An ideal family shares its happiness and sorrow, its from love, kindness, and consideration among the achievements and activities. Birthdays, anniversaries,

family members. This peace, however, does not come and special holidays are particularly adaptive to famabout of its own accord. The family must exert extra ily sharing, as are graduations, weddings, and so forth.

effort in making the home peaceful and pleasant. This, However, we need not wait for these special occasions

of course, requires the cooperation of each member to arise in order to participate in a family activity. We

of the family. Just as a radio is less effective if one can create our own special occasions. Family nights,

tube is not functioning correctly, so a family is not at cookouts in the back yard, picnics in the canyon, an its best if one member is not in harmony with the evening of reading or singing, or even a walk around others. The family organization is a unit in the great the block or to the corner ice cream store can add to

and perfect organization of God's work. Because of family unity and harmony.

the importance of the family in the plan of God, each Family life can be ideal only if every family memfamily unit should have as its goal an ideal family ber is seeking the same goals and observing the same life in order to fit into this perfect plan. standards, which may include Church activity and,

Too many people think of home as Robert Frost service, gospel knowledge, missions, college educafacetiously defines it: "Home is the place where, when tions, Christlike living, etc. When the whole family

you have to go there, they have to take you in."Jt is is working together as a team, and each member is

too often considered only as a place to eat and sleep, encouraging and assisting in attaining the ideal, there where we must tolerate other people supposedly is a common purpose which draws the family into interfering or getting in our way. Because we know a closely knit group. Striving toward these goals gives

the members of our family better than we know our the family a feeling of unity and solidarity which is neighbors, and because we live in such close assoabsent when each member goes his own way, seeking ciation with them, we frequently treat our own family to satisfy only his own wants and desires.

in a more disrespectfid manner than we treat the peoPerhaps the most important quality necessary in ple across the street. We have the mistaken idea that reaching the goal of ideal family life is spiritualitythis more intimate association gives us the right to be making God a part of the family. This involves church

inconsiderate and unkind. This does not contribute attendance, family prayer, family worship, and teachto a peaceful home. ing and observing gospel ideals in the home. "FamiWe all realize the importance of love in a home, lies that pray together, stay together."A family on

and we most often show our love in times of joy or its knees cannot fail to perceive a closeness and a unity sorrow. But what is our attitude during the day in the with each other and with God. Spirituality and living

normal associations and activities of the family? Are gospel principles are the threads which should run

we always considerate and kind? Or do we quarrel through all family associations, tying the members

over trifles, speak unkindly, or neglect to assist in together in unity, harmony, and love.

performing the necessary duties of the home. To prePresident David O. McKay has said: "It is possible

serve an ideal family life filled with happiness and to make home a bit of heaven; indeed, I picture heaven

peace, our love for each other must he a constantly to be a continuation of the ideal home."

SEPTEMBER 1962 679 FLORENCE S. JACOBSEN

MARGARET R. JACKSON

EXECUTIVE HOMEMAKERS

DOROTHY P. HOLT

TODAY'S FAMILY. FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

Traveling the world over it would be hard to find three more completely feminine women than the YWMIA general presidency. First of all they are wives and mothers,

next they are efficient executives. Florence S. Jacobsen,

Margaret -R. Jackson, and Dorothy P. Holt have many

things in common. They all cherish their families; each

has children still living at home; they all enjoy their lovely

homes; and each has a deep testimony of the truthfulness

and the importance of the work she has been called to do in the Church. When this call came to them, they were

all very busy, being devoted wives, loving mothers, and gracious homemakers. This has not changed, they are

still doing all this, but they are busier than ever, devoting many hours a week to supervising the YWMIA.

As they took on all this added responsibility, they decided to do two things, first, to be sure that they and their families were good Latterday Saints and true examples of what MIA teaches; second, not to neglect their

families in any way, and even though much of each day must be spent at the Mutual offices, they would earnestly try to be home by 3:30 when their children would be coming

in from school. Where are they finding the time to do all

this? They are stretching their twentyfour hours a day

by planning ahead each minute of each hour, for a mother is not supposed to use Church work as an excuse to neglect her family. Houses can be kept clean; good nourishing

meals can be served; time can be found to guide and teach

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and listen to each child if organization is used.

Church work does supersede parties, etc., and

being a good wife and mother does top all other activities, but organizing one's time can accomplish the almost impossible.

Sister Florence Jacobsen grew up with six brothers and one sister. In her married life her

children have all been sons—three to be exact.

Perhaps this has a great deal to do with her understanding of young boys and now for her love for all the young girls in the Church. The four

years she spent as mission mother in the Eastern

States Mission added also to her great love and respect for young people. As I talked with Sister

Jacobsen I discovered her enjoyment for all the womanly arts. Yes, she loves to sew, knit, do

needlepoint, make ceramics, decorate her home, keep up her large garden, cook, and entertain her friends. She does all these things expertly. Her

decorating extends out of her home. When Bonneville Stake House was built a few years ago, Sister

Jacobsen and Sister Jackson supervised much of the decorating. The mission home in New York

City is handsome because she helped make it so, and now Sister Jacobsen, with the help of her counselors, is making the new YWMIA offices tastefully homey and beautiful.

SEPTEMBER 1962 681

When I asked her if she did all her worked together on many MIA and add to the first mixture. Drop

own housework, she said that for projects. She has carried this creby teaspoon on greased cookie sheet

twentyone years she had the same ativeness into her home. Have you and flatten out slightly. Bake at

efficient Dutch woman in one day ever made a graceful centerpiece for 375 degrees F. for 10 minutes until

a week to help her. Isn't that some your dining table out of two old golden brown.

kind of record—one woman for chandeliers? Dorothy has, and that

twentyone years? She delights in is not all, her imagination touches Ice Box Rolls

preparing good food, and to prove it everything about her. To her nothshe is sharing several recipes with us. ing is more fun than to go antique These rolls can be formed into Parker

Sister Margaret R. Jackson is also hunting, then to come home and cut, House rolls, cinnamon rolls, or into

a past master at all the womanly arts. paint, and refinish and have some- a fancy bread.

Her fine children, happy husband, thing lovely that costs just a few and lovely home are a testimonial pennies and a great deal of elbow 4Vz, cups flour to her skills. She too has been a grease. Again time is the short V2 cup sugar

mission mother, with her field of factor to her many hobbies. This V* cup warm water

duty in the New England states. The lack of time has helped her to find V2 cup lukewarm melted shortening

mission home in Cambridge was numerous shortcuts in cooking. Pre- 1 cup warm water

decorated so charmingly in New pared, package foods plus her 1 yeast cake

England style by her. There is a creative twist, and she has a dinner to 1 teaspoon salt

sweet graciousness about Sister Jackwhich her friends vie for invitations. 3 wellbeaten eggs

son that warmly attracts a person to New neighbors or a friend in her. She says she is "happy as a lark"trouble can always depend on Add the yeast to the V cup warm

in her kitchen. She loves to cook, and Dorothy knocking at their door with water and stir until dissolved. Add

her delicious dinners prove it. It is beaten eggs, sugar, 1 cup water, salt,

relaxing for her to go into the kitchen and melted shortening. Mix well.

and prepare food for her family and Stir in the flour—making a soft

friends. When asked if she liked to PROMISE dough. Cover and let rise to double

sew, she said all she needed was the BY THELMA IRELAND in bulk. Punch down and place

time. She too has a feeling for covered in refrigerator. Will keep

artistic, exquisite things and comFall fits the earth like a worn, leather for 48 hours in the refrigerator. Roll

bines them to make a lovely home. glove out into desired type rolls and let

All of her friends like to describe a Weathered, brown, ragged, and torn. rise one hour before baking at 400

party she has given or a table she Beneath this thin blanket of ominousdegrees F. for 10 or 15 minutes.

has decorated or a Christmas theme ness, she has carried out throughout her Future new flowers are born. Favorite Fruit Salad Dressing

home. Years after she left the New

England Mission the people there xk cup sugar still talked about the delightful table 2 tablespoons flour decorations she created and of her something good to eat in her hands. 1 cup boiling water (fruit juices

gentle charm. Margaret is a perTo be a friend to her means actively may be substituted

fectionist in the finest meaning of to do something for someone. Her 1 cup whipping cream

the word. imagination never sleeps, and these Grated rind of 1 orange

Dorothy P. Holt is another superb attributes will add richness to the Grated rind of 1 lemon

homemaker. Sewing, cooking, decoMIA program.

rating are arts in which she is proCombine sugar, flour, and mix ficient. She is creative in all she SOME RECIPES FROM well and add to boiling liquid,

does, and when I asked her what FLORENCE S. JACOBSEN'S stirring rapidly. Cook until clearshe liked to do best, she laughingly FILES remove from stove, chill, and add

said, "Make something out of nothgrated rind of orange and lemon ing."This came about in a gradual Honey Cookies (no sugar) and the cream that has been

way over the more than twenty years whipped. Use a topping for fruit

she has been working in Mutual. As % cup shortening salad. Will keep for several days in

any MIA worker can testify, imagina- % cup honey ( at room temperature refrigerator.

tion and creativeness must take the 2 eggs place of dollars when decorating a 1 teaspoon vanilla Pineapple Salad (serves 18) hall for a dance or putting on a % teaspoon soda threeact play, or carrying out the Vfe teaspoon salt 2 packages lemon Jello 101 other activities enjoyed in this 2 teaspoons baking powder IV2 cups boiling water organization. Sister Holt says she Mt teaspoon nutmeg 2 cups crushed pineapple and juice

was fortunate to have the privilege 2Y2 cups flour Vh. cups sugar

of working with Sister Gladys Young, IV2 cups raisins or nuts or a mixture 2 cups grated mild cheese wife of S. Dilworth Young. Sister of both 1 pint whipping cream

Young was a past master at making costumes and scenery out of Beat the honey into the shortenMix the sugar and crushed pinedraperies, curtains, old velvet, lace, ing, add beaten eggs, and the vanilla. apple together and bring to a boil

flowers, and dyed sheets. They Mix and sift dry ingredients together and cook for 10 minutes and remove

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

stove. 2 packages Dissolvefrom water. Most Cherished Moment cups boiling Jello in IV2lemon

Add dissolved Jello syrup to pineapple syrup and chill until set. When

untilset, foamy. mixture beat Add

that has \\ edding announcecheesegrated cream and been whipped and let set several ments for that important hours. Serve on crisp lettuce leaves.

Very nice for an open house, recepevent. A wide selection of

tion, or just family dinner.

styles and cards that would RECIPES FROM please the most discrimMARGARET R. JACKSON'S FILES

inating bride.

Whole Wheat Bread

1 yeast cake i cup lukewarm water The West's Finest 2 teaspoons shortening Printers and Binders 2 scant tablespoons sugar 2 teaspoon sugar 2 tablespoons honey2 x/2 teaspoons salt Deseret 1V2 cups boiling water 2 cup evaporated milk 3 cups flour (white) News 3 cups whole wheat flour

Dissolve the yeast and V2 teaspoonsugar in the 4 cup lukewarm water. 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

EM 4-25| sugar, 2 tablespoonsCombine the f SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH shortening, honey, salt, boiling water,

. 1.Wkt fevaporated milk. When it is lukewarm, add the yeast mixture. Then

add the flours mixed together. Beat

and let rise once. Mold into two

loaves. Put in cold oven. Set the

oven at 400 degrees F. Turn on heat

for 1 minute then off. After 30 minutes turn on again at 400 degrees F.

and bake 45 to 50 minutes. beefTAMALE

Muffin Whirls

flour 2 cups sifted Everyone Says.. 3 teaspoons baking powder

y2 teaspoon salt y2 cup and 2 tablespoons sugar SO00 4 tablespoons shortening (half butGOOD! ter)

1 egg well beaten 2 cup milk Lynn Wilson's melted butter 2 tablespoons 3 tablespoons grated orange rind TAMALES

Sift together the flour, baking Made Fresh Daily powder, salt, and the 2 tablespoons SPECIAL PRICES FOR CHURCH GROUPS ON ALL WILSON PRODUCTS:

sugar. Work in shortening till it is Beef Steaks, Veal Steaks, Potato Salads, Cole Slaw, Gelatin Salads, Tacos, Tortillas,

like coarse corn meal. Combine egg Chili Con Carne, Pizza and Tamales.

with milk and add enough only to PHONE HU 6-8716 - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - FREE DELIVERY moisten dry ingredients. Turn on

to wellfloured board and knead 2 the dough. Roll in rectangle 6 by 16

inches and 4 in. thick. Brush with DRINK The most economical food wrap

the melted butter and sprinkle with you can use!

half the remaining sugar and orange fic<3 A delightful cM for hot beverage CHflRm those KITCHEn coffee. don't drink who WAXED PAPER

AT YOUR GROCERS SEPTEMBER 1962 683

rind. Roll up jelly roll fashion and Mix all ingredients together. Place Learn to Know God

cut in % inch crosswise and place cut in casserole, top with crushed corn side down in muffin tins. Repeat flakes, and bake at 300 degrees F. (Continued from page 633)

with other half of dough. Bake at for 45 minutes. Can be put together

425 degrees F. for 20 to 25 minutes. ahead of time for more flavor and his commandments ourselves, then

then baked at time of use. are we to that extent in rebellion

Fruit Cocktail against God, and if we are in rebelHot Peach One Crust Pie lion against him in any degree can 2 cups water we teach a sincere devotion to the 2 cups sugar One quart or one #2V2 can of young people of this Church? How

pinch salt peaches with juice. real is God to you? Real enough

1 cup orange juice Strain juice and heat. to persuade you to serve him

juice of 3 lemons faithfully?

1 small can crushed pineapple Thicken with 3 tablespoons cornIf he is not now such a reality to 3 bananas mashed starch mixed with Vz cup sugar. Add you, is not your first duty and your

the drained sliced peaches. Place in first obligation to learn to know him?

Dissolve the sugar and salt in the a 3 inch deep baking dish—dot with We cannot have eternal life without

water, then add the remaining inbutter and sprinkle with cinnamon. such knowledge. We cannot teach

gredients. Put in refrigerator trays Cover with pie crust. Bake 15 to 20 it to others if we do not have it ourand freeze overnight. Spoon into minutes in a hot oven. Serve hot selves. It takes fire to kindle fire.

sherbet glasses. Pour "Upper Ten"topped with vanilla ice cream. It takes faith to build faith. Only

over just before serving, and garnish by obedience and consistent devois or cherry. Thiswith mint that faith. may we obtain also Orange Muffins tion

in tall glasses withdelicious served that eternal taught Jesus grape juice poured over it. Cooling 1 cup sugar know God. He also taughtlifethatis toif

and delicious. 4 tablespoons soft butter we will do his will we shall know

1 slightly beaten egg both God and Jesus Christ whom he

Lime Delight 1 cup buttermilk has sent.

Vn salt teaspoon sisters, brothers Oh, of leaders and oz. milk 1 evaporated can 13 1 soda teaspoon the let of Zion, youth learn to us gelatin 1 flavored lime package vanilla 1 teaspoon to learn God, know that he know oz. pkg.) (3 1 small orange rind ground twice is real, is to learn that know he hot water cups1% 1 raisins ground cup truly learn Father, to our that know V4 juice lime cup sifted flour 2 cups like to can him. become Learn we juice lemon 2 tablespoons V2 if nuts desired cup is that Savior. our know Jesus Learn 1 sugar cup

is the Divine Son 3 cups "coconut crisp cookie"to know that he crumbs Squeeze juice from the orange. of God. Learn to know that only

again with then rind once salvation through Grind and can come. him melted butter cup %

salt, Sift raisins. it flour, the that and is only through Learn to know chocolate the 3 oz. semisweet

soda twice. Cream the butter and the foolishness of men that some

Chill the milk in the freezing comsugar and egg. Combine all with deny him and turn away from him.

partment till milk starts to freeze. buttermilk. Don't beat, just stir As a humble servant of God, I

Dissolve the gelatin in hot water. slightly. Grease muffin pans well. testify to you that he lives. I testify

Chill till partly set. Then whip till Put in oven immediately at 350 deto you that he is a personal God;

fluffy, stir in juices and sugar. Whip grees F. for 15 to 20 minutes. that he made man in his own image,

the milk until it is stiff. Fold in the male and female; and that he is as

gelatin mixture. Combine the crumbs Strawberry Angel Dessert real as you and I are real. I testify

and melted butter. Press into botto you that he appeared personally

tom of glass dish. Pour in gelatin 1 large angel food cake broken into to the Prophet Joseph Smith who

mixture. Garnish with shaved semipieces the size of marshmallows saw him face to face, even as did

sweet chocolate. Store in the re- 1 package strawberry chiffon pudMoses, and talked with him as a

frigerator. Make day before serving. ding mix man speaketh to his friend, even

2 packages frozen strawberries, as Moses.

RECIPES FROM thawed and drained. I testify to you that God is the

DOROTHY P. HOLTS FILES Father of our spirits, and that our

Make the pudding according to great destiny is to become like him.

Our Favorite Baked Beans directions using strawberry juice I testify to you that Jesus Christ, from the frozen strawberries for born of Mary in Bethlehem, is the 1 2V2 can pork and beans liquid. Fold in strawberries and angel literal, Divine Son of God, the Only

% cup sugar food pieces. Spread out in 2 or 3 Begotten of the Father in the flesh.

V2 cup catsup inch deep cake pan and refriger- I testify to you that he is the Creator.

V2 teaspoon cinnamon ate for several hours. Serve with Jesus Christ is the Creator. All

x/4 teaspoon nutmeg whipped cream. Top with strawthings were made by him, and with-

1 onion—chopped berries. (Either lemon or chocolate out him was not anything made that

3 slices of bacon cut in small pieces pudding may be used for variety. was made.

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "yi

y%; I testify to you that the stars and the moon and the planets, which we see in the heavens at night, were made by him, by Jesus the Christ, and that all the universes in the galaxies were likewise made by him.

I testify to you that if you could count the sand particles of this earth, even of millions of earths like this, their number would not be equal to a beginning of the creations of God through his Son Jesus Christ.

I testify to you that this great

Creator did come to earth, was born as a helpless babe in Bethlehem, and that as he became a man and began his ministry, he was bruised and afflicted by his enemies; and finally

he was crucified. But I testify to

you that on the third day afterward, he came forth from the grave in a literal, physical, flesh and bone resurrection, even as we will be resurrected.

I testify to you that in reality he came to the United States of America times to and appearedin modern a A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floor boy, Smith,modern Joseph and

spoke to him. I testify to you that P. S. Top chick on the totem pole? Then you know bare floors are for the lesser

through Joseph Smith he reestab- birds. Time to feather your nest with the quiet, comfort and distinction of

lished his true Church upon the beautiful Bigelow Carpets. Bigelow Carpets are available in special designs,

earth, and that through Jesus Christ, colors and textures. Call any Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept,

and that means through his Church 140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

and only through him and his true

Church, can salvation come. He is

a reality. a does have He modern IN YOUR HOME..ministry, his ministers. are and we

great is the need for your And how IN YOUR CHAPEL isministry! greater need The than

any of us can measure. The field indeed is white already for the harvest.

Are we willing to be his laborers?

Will we work with a will, with zeal and energy? Will we do many

things of our own free will and not wait to be commanded in all things?

But we also are watchmen on the towers of Zion. Are we watching

for the enemy who seeks to destroy the harvest? Are we alert to the

attacks being made upon us? Are

we aware of the subtle ones who sow tares among the wheat and create problems which at first do not appear on the surface?

Are we conscious of the wicked say, "Eat, drink,ones who and be PRATT LAMBERTmerry; nevertheless, fear God—he

will justify in committing a little sin;

Yea, lie a little, take advantage of one because of his words, dig a pit for thy neighbor; there is no harm in Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decothis;... God will beat us with a few rated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt

stripes, and at last we shall be saved & Lambert paints and varnishes.

in the kingdom of God."(2 Nephi

28:8.) SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

'Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area'330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

SEPTEMBER 1962 685 EARN EXTRA MONEY! Are we aware of the manner in 26 percent of all robbery arrests, 51

which the devil thus pacifies many percent of all the larceny, 55 percent

SELL and lulls them away into carnal of the burglaries, and 67 percent of security, saying, "All is well in Zion; the automobile thefts.

CHRISTMAS CARDS yea, Zion prospereth, all is well"? But in spite of this, Mr. J. Edgar

(Ibid., 28:21.) Hoover recently said: "There is nothEngraved with How alert are we to the dangers ing basically wrong with the youth

LATTERDAY SAINT SCRIPTURES which beset us and which already of the land. Youth needs only to be

are engulfing many of the people guided along the proper paths. A

Complete Line of who should come to our organizayouth's intelligence must be anChristmas Cards tions? Do we realize that in many chored in morality to give him the

of ability to determine right from of our percent 93 communities with or without scripture arrested the are boys and girls who claim membership in some church?

Do we realize that 84 percent of

FATHER # those arrested have lapsed for some reason into religious indifference BY PEGGY WINDSOR GARNETT

LDS and inactivity plows the fertile fields my and therefore are easy Who to temptation? - RIBBONS prey father knew GIFTS - WRAPS

realize that even some we Do silver rain and amber sun of Where girls are already boys and PERSONALIZED STATIONERY our who combined diffiinto in active get the Church pull the To wheat up high? His Ideal for of for figures culty? Recent some dined family

Agents—Wards—Scouts our communities indicate that 16 On food the rain, the sun, and

percent of the boys and girls arFather grew.

Send for FREE Album rested were active in their church at The rains were free as geese that the time of their arrest. How can often flew

that many active ones stray from Above or free as sun when it the fold? Who is responsible for reclined

failed their delinquency? Who to Across the land. And Father was # their lives so make God a reality in the kind

SERVICE GREETING CARD CO. that now they neither love him nor Who shared the freedom farmers

serve him? can pursue. 4937 Durfee Avenue Genuine faith would have made Today a stranger's hands are

Pico Rivera, California them hate evil to the point where plowing there they would not go astray. Where is To raise the food his growing

is to blame? Can family needs, Manufacturers of the fault? Who

the youngsters alone be held acAnd other grain is waving to and

Fine LDS Gifts countable? fro.

reports say crime The FBI that 80 Above these fields today a farmof all in America crime major Cards and Stationery percent er's prayer,

Congratulations on Your Baptism is committed by adults. The FBI As long ago, is helping grow the

arrests are that there indicates more seeds—Call to Mission Field of over 50 years among people age Our Father's plan, established

Advancement in Priesthood than in any other age group. The long ago!

next highest is the 30 to 35 age

New Assignment group, and the next highest after (Request Samples on Approval) that is the 35 to 39 age group. Only

19 percent of all the arrests for wrong, good from bad, and the true major crime involves people under from the false. Given discipline

21. young people will learn selfdisci-

But the picture is changing. Bepline. Given training they will learn

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS cause the youth have such bad to live useful lives."

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple examples from adults, and because Then he said of those who break sore throat and other minor mouth someone—either parents or church the law: "They have wandered into

and throat irritations. leaders or both—has failed to make a morass of unbelief where they

religion a potent factor in their have no faith, no belief in a Supreme lives, people and more more young Being, for respect no of the rights HALL'S getting are into trouble. REMEDY others, belief in no the dignity of

City. Utah Salt Lake juvenile is increasrate crime The finally, man, belief and no in theming five times faster than the growth selves."

in the population, to according the calls for Mr. Then Hoover a reSAVE MONEY FBI. fifteencars stolen are More religion, to by turn to a return a sincere 3AIfcLYIc VITAMINS ON yearolds of than those other any by belief in of God, an and acceptance this for free valuable booklet. Contains Send

vitamin of discount "Don'ts""Do's"and age group. year Last persons his under this commandments, then and guides—health buying—plus—vitamin & mineral seventeen of years for age inaccounted questions great more much is & answers—charts—needed man said: "What

formation. No obligation. Send now. Learn

before you buy.

HOUSE OF VITAMINS, DEPT. ER

6706 Pacific Blvd., Huntington Park, Calif.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Improvement Era

is all the living to practiceabove fathersfaith of our in our daily lives, DIRECT SHOPPER f& and a dedication to making the king-... the merchandise shown on these pages

dom of God a reality upon the earth, can be ordered direct from the companies even as it is in heaven. The neglect listed. Enclose check or money order.

in the training of so many of our nation's youth, their lack of spiritual nourishment, their ignorance of the great truths of the Bible, and the tragic void of God and prayer in thei'"lives, weaken our homes and our, ation's welfare."

Then Mr. Hoover added that the

basic cause of our presentday juvenile crime wave is "that so many of our young people have no real sense of the moral responsibilities which come from an intimate knowledge of that Housewives magazine monthly DECORATING. BIG SS CAKE TRAILER teachings."God's

time. spare Endless hour easy TRAILERS, $5 wanted! about TRAVEL LIFE,MOREthe one

Disfor In other Prolovely Decorations and Cake demand HOMES. MOBILE and tellsPICKUPyouCAMPERS words, to put it into my

own language, both as parents and coverlife onallwheels—there iskeepto knowup withaboutthethislatestwonderfulnews fessionaldays, parties,Candya'l foroccasions.Christmas,Weweddings,show youbirthhow

trailer travel to pickup or turn your kitchen mine. gold information on by No capital and leaders,as church must make we

small, required. business Start your lowliving luxury mobile and grow camper, homes intoown

lives a reality of in the our subscription big. excitfor toGod brings parks. 3 month 4 Send FREE you rent SPECIALin OFFER

for for just LIFE Hobbies"$1. magazine of Send "Fun Cake & Profit TRAILER ing months

facts Decorators to $1 address and and TRAILER Candy Makers, andyoung people. We must teach your and namethem the truth about the Lord, who LIFE, 10148% Riverside Drive, North Hollywood, complete home instruction. CANDY & CAKE,on

he is, our relationship to him, the $5California.for 2-years).(Or send $3 for 1-year subscription; Dept. D-341, Fallbrook, California.

power he can be in our lives for good.

We must teach them that God made man to have joy, and that if anyone has the idea that religion is a restriction upon him in the enjoyment of life, he is mistaken. The

truth is that God is the author of joy, and he desires that we may know truth and joy ourselves. But he also

teaches us that wickedness never was happiness. Joy comes only

THE ENDS ROAD THE FUN BEGINS WHERE righteousness.through GIFTS! BEAUTIFULLY LDS STYLED "WE BE- "50". TRAIL along fake you when a HONDA

Articles of Faith en13 LIEVE BRACELET"fits easily lbs., car these teachings will not on a 121 only But even It weighs

trailer or or station discs. a wagon, plated (Available gold heavily on bumper graved until tocarry over our people young "50"Trail over takes you The camper. inHonda Gift ring.) postpaid. boxed, as key Si. 50,

lbs. of terrain 250 carrying the most rugged is unless feel that theyand God MOROLDS-"GOLDEN QUESTION"-"ANGEL to delivers 200 up with ease—yet payload

real, in help. that they need and ratio of 82 gear plated low gold Superpowerful molded, m.p.g. Exquisitely PINS—NI"

quickchange to m.p.h. with 30 1. Speeds up lapel, sweater, or tie pins. Gift boxed, help, of the help need yourThey touring. for m.p.h. $1.00. sprocketto 45 Powered by

postpaid. Satisfaction Shipped guaranteed. cc engine. O.H.V. 4-cycle 50 Honda's parents, famoustheir of the help every and

call or send bookstore For dealer Available of at your local LDS Western nearest name in interestedperson them. But or write 25 to AMERICAN HONDAUnion, Pico Operator to: order Box 757, GREETINGS, GOLDEN

Blvd., Pico Los INC., 4077 W. CO., MOTOR toremember, be powerless we will postpaid. Rivera, Orders shipped California. Calif. 19, Angeles

give that help unless we ourselves have attained that knowledge first. i BATHflLLJRES

"And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, krnmd and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.)

Brothers and sisters, let us learn to know God through our own devoted obedience to his commandINSTANT S.

ments, and then with that strength BEAUTY SOAP let us be as saviors on Mount Zion minister.to those among we whom

TUBS? TIRED BATH SCRUBBING OF ARE YOU priest, so with the the with As rebath yourself break"and "beauty a Give Positively dripping ends SEALER. FAUCET

in softening bubbles millions of water lax leads, thepeople. shepherd perfect Ball As so faucets. Design forms Flattened beauty "instant"soap Sweet whi'e Flower

seat. Brass top against seal bearing faucet tired feeling the ring tub that flock. soaks and true the away bemoves we May

will beauty loo! "instant"soap Flower Sweet eliminating distributes pressure eveniy wear for great theundershepherds Good special the a hardest water, soften even make

fit all sizes or grind. turn 2 not seal does as for bath, of every time occasion busy save is in prayer humbleShepherd my large of small, faucets. 3 2 Pack standard is the too! budget easy on makers and home

for the size"than box, enough more "queen J. name of the Lord Jesus Christ. D. C.O.D's. sealers A postpaid. $1.00 No

is thirty postpaid. only $1.00 STEPHEN 378, Dept. P. O. Box M4, CO., DISTRIBUTINGAmen. Blvd., Jefferson 3821 RILEY West bathsCOMPANY,

California. Alameda. For California. Los twentyfive 16, Angeles

years, the leader in fine quality bath preparations.

SEPTEMBER 1962 687 [TOR [AST Word

The most agreeable o/ N all comJunior was one of those little panions is a simple, frank man, terrors, and papa was surprised without any high pretensions to when mama suggested that they an oppressive greatness; one who buy him a bicycle. "Do you think

loves life, and understands the use it will improve his behavior?"

of it; obliging, alike, at all hours; papa asked. "No,"replied mama

above all, of a golden temper, and grimly, "but it will spread his efsteadfast as an anchor.—Lessing fectiveness over a wider area."

Lose an hour in the "I heard something this mornThe surest way to get morning and you will ing that opened my eyes."someivhere is to know

be all day hunting it. "So did I—an alarm clock."where you are going.

Great grief makes sacred those Dedication to some upon whom its hand is laid. labor of love is the

—Joy may elevate, ambition secret of happiness,

glorify, but only sorrow can no matter how consecrate.—Horace Greeley humble or obscure.

A mother and her fouryear-old daughter were making their first overnight train trip, sharing an upper berth. Sometime during the night, the little girl awoke and

sat up suddenly. "Do you know ivhere you are?"asked the mother, amused

at her apparent confusion. "I sure do,"she replied. "We're in the top drawer."

Discovering and developing the abilThe work you have acThe highest reward for ity to think is the most painful complished is the only real a man's toil is not what experience known to man; and the legacy you can leave to the he gets for it, but

lonesomest trip in the world, besides. world.—David Lloyd George what he becomes by it.

MK:::'Qii-:'a S:-*k:M<

The highminded man must care more for the As fire is discovered by its own light, truth than for what people think.—Aristotle so is virtue by its own excellence.

The lowestpriced Hammond Spinet Organ ever. Just $995, F.O.B. Factory; bench extra. Price subject to change without notice.—

A HAMMOND ORGAN KEEPS THE CHURCH IN THE HOME

SEVEN DAYS A WEEK

Just as it unites a congregation in song, voices of woodwinds, cello, violins or I Hammond Organ Company a Hammond Organ strengthens family any orchestral instrument. Patented 4206 W. Diversey Ave., Chicago 39, Illinois

bonds and, through the unprofaned lanReverberation for a rich, cathedrallike Please send free brochure describing guage of music, restates your convictone. TouchResponse Percussion. other Hammond Organs for

church. and home

gift. of bells, the possible sound that a dailytion Faith is Makes

describing booklet free send Please of | Q slight change a harps by marimbas, for a raise Church organ. there's reward with added money an ways to And

the booklet describing ever. send 1 Please expense tuning touch. No yourself. createmusic you A Hammond

Plan. PlayTime Hammond

resources offers musical great to bring a it takes AllOrgan Hammond III and endless variety yet, strangely, it is Spinet Organ, or any other Hammond II Name one of the simplest instruments to masmodel, into your home or church is a I Address ter. You play startlingly good music small down payment. For a free demonII

after only a few lessons. stration, just call your Hammond City. State

Pages in the Yellow He's listed Spinet has excluDealer. Organ Hammond A to HAMMOND ORGAN also You'll want under "Organs."give it that features sive more versatility

than any other instrument. Harmonic send the coupon for three helpful free I 1962,...music'sHAMMOND ORGANmostCOMPANYglorious voiceIE962

Drawbars. A simple way to simulate the booklets.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

a substantial sum... but are they worth enough to

Is your meetplans foryourthegrowingfuture? responsibilities... and your

Sound financial planning for your family's future must include consideration of all of your responsibilities. assets and your Your Beneficial life insurance representative, Life insurance backed by the

"Planned Futures"department in our home office will help you study these assets and responsibilities Beneficial? and help you decide on the best program for your

needs and income. Call him soon.

Dentists—as well as doctors, lawyers, and other

professional men and women—you might well ask Write for more information on "Planned Futures."

yourselves this question: just how much life insurance should you have?

The answer will depend, of course, on a carefulstudy of your assets... and your responsibilities. BENEFICIAL IIFE

Your assets would include your Social Security, your home, your present life insurance, your savings, and your investments. These are often worth Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah