Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Asso- O ciations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Published Monthly by the General Board at Salt Lake City, Utah

Announcement

The New and Third Edition of

"Jesus The Christ"By Elder James E. Talmage

Now in Stock Sympathy Is Grateful it doesn't Three Editions, a total ofWhen you're sorrowing. But

pay bills. An insurance policy is full 20,000 of this great work

when of sympathy right sort theof no has now been issued. And is destroyed. propertyyour

one should neglect to secure protection against such a contingency. We give Orders will be

you the maximum of insurance at minimum of cost. Let us quote you rates. filled promptly

Home Fire Insurance Go. of Utah Deseret News Book Store

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street

'Keep Money at Home."

lyavelMoreLocally jfettleCost\ # -via.

Oregon Short Lin Luxurious Comfort

In Southern California and en Route.

FARESUNDAVSHALT $40.00 ROUND TRIP SLIGHTLY MOKE

DAILY, BEGINNING MAY 1st SAT ITRDAYS ">MWHAyS.

To LOS ANGELES including /!,'!: I ur4geni fbr Detailsi—

SAN DIEGO or SAN FRANCISCO LIBERAL LIMITS AND STOPOVERS

Ticket Office

10 E. Third South,

Salt Lake City

J.H.MinJerfitld./LC.r.A.

I

WHES IfRITIXG TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Temples and/Femple Building

"For it is ordained that in Zion, and in her stakes, and in

Jerusalem, those places which I have appointed for refuge, shall he the places for your baptisms for your dead.

"And again, verily I say unto you, How shall your washings be acceptable unto me, except ye perform them in a house which you have built to my name?

"For, for this cause I commanded Moses that he should build a tabernacle, that they should bear it with them in the wilderness, and to build a house in the land of promise, that those ordinances might be revealed which had been hid from before tlie world was;

"Therefore, verily I say unto you, that your anointings, and your washings, and your baptisms for the dead, and your solemn assemblies, and your memorials for your sacrifices, by the sons of Levi, and for your oracles in your most holy places, wherein you receive conversations, and your statutes and judgments, for the beginning of the revelations and foundation of Zion, and for the glory, honor and endowment of all her municipals, are ordained by the ordinance of my holy house which my people are always commanded to build unto my holy name"(Doc. and Cov.

124:3639).

The following temples have been built, or are being built by the Latterday Saints Kirtland, stone laid, July 23, 1833; building Ohio—Corner

dedicated, March 27, 1836.

Nauvoo, stone laid, April 6, 1841; building ded111.—Corner

icated privately, April 30, 1846; publicly, May 2, 3, 1846.

St. George, dedicated, November 9, 1871; Utah—Ground

mason work begun, March 10, 1873; partly dedicated, January

1, 1877; fully dedicated, April 6, 1877.

dedicated 'May 18, 1877; corner Logan, Utah—Ground

'stone laid, September 17, 1877; building dedicated, May 17, 1884.

Manti, dedicated April 25, 1877; ground broken Utah—Site

April 30, 1877; corner stone laid April 14, 1879; building dedicated, May 21, 1888.

stone laid April 6, 1853; building Salt Lake Citv—Corner

dedicated, April 6, '1893.

laid, September 19, Cardston, Alberta, Canada—Corner stone

1915. This temple is now building.

Laie, dedicated, June 1, 1915. This temple is Hawaii—Site

in course of construction.

w.

Improvement Era

Vol. XTX SEPTEMBER, 1916 No. 11

The Temple in Hawaii A Remarkable Fulfilment of Prophecy

BY JOHN A. WIDTSOE

In conformity with the unanimous vote of the Church assembled in conference last October (1915), a temple is being rapidly constructed in Hawaii. The new temple stands at Laie, on

the island of Oahu. some thirtyfive miles, by wagon road, from

Honolulu, the chief city of the Hawaiian Islands.

The Laie Plantation, belonging to the Church, on which the temple is being constructed, has a most remarkable record of having worked out in a practical manner, many of the fundamental principles of the gospel. Of this record nothing will be

said in this article; but, most certainly, a temple in Hawaii is a

most fitting chapter of reward in the long history of the Hawaiian mission, which has centered about the Laie Plantation, as the headquarters of the Church in the Hawaiian Islands.

The site chosen for the temple is the top of a hill, sloping rather gently to the north, south and east, and backed on the west by an old, greencovered coral reef, which rises almost to the height of the temple. Half a mile eastward from the temple site

the lazy waves of the Pacific Ocean wash the sandcovered shore rise the high, jagged, green mountains; north-—a mile westward,

ward and southward, some miles away, the view ends where the mountains and the ocean meet. Between the temple and ocean

and mountains lie well cultivated fields of sugar cane, kalo and other crops. High on the foothills can be seen the regular lines

of the pineapple fields. Dotting the landscape, and often following irrigation canals, or seeking the edge of reservoirs, are groves

of trees and palms, cocoanut, papaya, mango, banana, the windresisting Australian iron wood and many others. To the north,

a block or two, can be seen the buildings of the mission headquarters, and the glint of color from the rows of oleanders, househigh, and flowering throughout the year. Below the temple,

954 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and a little to the north lies the little village of Laie, with its pretty cottages, flower gardens and quiet streets. Now and then can he

heard the toot of an engine of the Oahu railroad, as it draws a train load of sugar cane or pineapples to the neighboring factory.

Over all hangs the blue sky, and an everlasting summer. No

harshness of winter can be found here. Flowers bloom throughout the year. Crops are sown or harvested almost every month.

The balmy air invites one to rest. Even the rain when it falls,

except in the rainy season, drizzles in a fine spray that has been called liquid sunshine.

To the ten thousand Saints who constitute the Church in

Hawaii, the promise of a temple came as a glorious gift of God.

The long distance between the Hawaiian Islands and the temples in Utah made it almost impossible for any large number of the! [awaiian Saints to partake of the work of the temples. Moreover, the building of the temple is a recognition of the worthiness

of nearly three generations of faithful Church members on these islands of the sea. Among the Hawaiian Saints, the temple is

the large subject of conversation and sacrifice. All are making

their donations to the temple. The children save their pennies,

and the parents their dollars, to help along the work. The widow

gives her mite, and the poor find it possible to give their meagre but good gift. Concerts and other entertainments and bazaars

l. are held to secure monies with which to increase the temple fun

One group of sisters go into the mountains for bamboo and lauhalla, which they make into fans, pillows, mats and other useful articles, which are sold, and thus their labor is converted into money for the temple. Several Relief Societies hold one or

two sewing meetings a week at which quilts, laces, mats and many other things are made, later to be sold at bazaars held for the benefit of the temple. And all this is done joyously.

Samuel E. Woollev is President of the Hawaiian Mission,

and, incidentally, the senior mission president of the Church. He

has spent nearly a generation of time, which is practically all of his mature life, in the service of the Hawaiian Mission. To

President Woollev the authorization to build a temple is the realization of one of his dearest hopes for the mission, for at last the thousands of Saints who have come into the Church during his long service and who are to him as sons and daughters can partake of the temple privileges for themselves and for their dead. With skill and energy President Woollev, who hones that

1 the mission mav be able to build the temple unaided, inspires an supervises the financing and building of the temple, in addition to carrving on the heavy routine work of a large and well organized mission. P>ut he does it with a smile, for, is not the temple

the realization of a happy dream and place where God, whom he has served so long may be more fully glorified?

THE TEMPLE IN HAWAII 955

In truth, however, the promise of a temple in Hawaii did not come as a surprise to President Woolley, and others familiar with the history of the Hawaiian Mission. Throughout Holy Writ,

both modern and ancient, the people who dwell on the islands of the sea are especially mentioned, and promised that they shall hear and receive a fulness of the gospel. In time, it seemed to all

who labored in the Hawaiian Mission, it certainly would be made easily possible for the thousands who entered the Church to receive the rites given in the temples, and thus to enjoy a fulness of the gifts of the gospel.

Early in 1864 a party from Utah, consisting of Apostles Ezra

T. Benson and Lorenzo Snow and Elder Joseph F. Smith, Wm.

W. Cluff and Alma L. Smith came to the Hawaiian Islands to set

rn order the Church there, which had been without missionaries for a number of years. These brethren found that, through the

manipulation of false shepherds, the old gathering place on the island of Lanai had passed out of the possession of the Saints and the Church. A committee consisting of Joseph F. Smith, Wm. W.

Cluff and Alma L. Smith, was appointed to seek out another location to be used as the headquarters of the Church and for

the home of such of the Saints as chose to go there. Among

other places the Laie Plantation was examined. President Young.

on receiving their report, authorized the purchase of the plantation, which was accomplished on January 28, 1865.

Since that date many persons have foreseen the coming of a temple at Laie. When President George O. Cannon visited the

Hawaiian Islands on the occasion of the celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the founding of the Hawaiian Mission-;—1900—he

declared that he believed the time was near at hand when the

THE SEA AT LAIE

956 IMPROVEMENT ERA

temple ordinances would 1>e enjoyed by the people of the Hawaiian

Islands. As late as the spring of 1915, before the temple site had

been dedicated, or the matter seriously discussed, Sister Sarah

Jenne Cannon, who was visiting the Hawaiian Islands, made a contribution for the temple to be built in Hawaii.

President Joseph F. Smith and Presiding P>ishop Charles W.

Nibley visited the Hawaiian Islands in the late spring of 1915.

On June 1, 1915, in the early evening they, with Apostle Reed

Smoot, who was visiting the Islands, repaired to the hill where the temple is now building, and President Smith dedicated the temple site. Thus the first step was taken in the securing

of a temple in Hawaii. It is an interesting coincidence that

this dedication occurred on the birthday of President Brigham Young. October, 1915, the Church voted to build a temple

in Hawaii, and work was begun early in 1916. In March, 1916.

President Smith and Bishop Nibley again visited the Islands, and arranged with President Woolley many of the details connected with the building. The work on the temple is proceeding rapidly,

and it will be ready for use in the spring or early summer of 1917.

The temple in Hawaii is the fulfilment of a prediction by

President Brigham Young. The temple is built in the form of a

Greek cross. The socalled annex is built against and forms an

integral part of the basement story of the east arm of the cross.

The building is surmounted by a square room, over the centre of the cross, giving the effect of a truncated pyramid or tower. The

roofs of annex, main building and tower room, are flat, on which it is planned to maintain flower beds. The architecture is essentially

different from that of the temples in Utah, though similar to thar of the temple in Canada. There is an utter absence of complete!

towers, spires and the like.,

When the Saints, both in Utah and Hawaii, learned of the architecture of the Hawaiian temple, many questions were asked concerning the architectural departure from the older temples.

Some even wondered whether it was proper to establish a new type of temple architecture.

'About the middle of June, 1916, President Woolley was aske to speak on temples in the Primary Preparation Meeting held weekly at Laie. He happened to turn to volume one of the Journal of Discourses for inspiration, and found there a sermon delivered by President Brigham Young on April 6. 1853. the dav on

which the cornerstone of the Great Temple in Salt Lake City was laid. President Woolley's eye fell on the paragraph begin-

1 ning at the bottom of page 132. and to his amazement he rea

the following words spoken by President Brigham Young, 63 years ago

"Now some of vou will want to know what kind of a building it

THE TEMPLE IN HAWAII 957

will he. Wait patiently, brethren, until it is done, and put forth yoir

hands willingly to finish it. I know what it will be. I am not a visionary man, neither am I given much to prophesying. When I want

is my prophet, he lovesany of that doae I call on Brother Heber—he

to prophesy, and I love to hear him. I scarcely ever say much about

revelations, or visions, but suffice it to say, five years ago last July I was here, and saw, in the spirit the temple, not ten feet from where we have laid the chief cornerstone. I have not inquired what kind

of a temple we should build. Why? Because it was represented before me. I have never looked upon that ground, but the vision of it

was there. I see it as plainly as if it was in reality before me. Wait

until it is done. I will say, however, that it will have six towers, to

A GARDEN IN LAIE

begin with, instead of one. Now do not any of you apostatize because it will have six to.vers, and Joseph built only one. Tt is easier

for us to build sixteen, than it was for him to build one. The time

will conic when there will he one in the centre of temples ivc shall build, and, on the top, groves and fish ponds. But we shall not see them here,

at present."

Evidently the people of that day had also been asking questions about temple architecture and the President virtually declared that there is no set type. Moreover, he intimated that the

Salt Lake Temple had been shown him in a vision, and that he knew just how it was to look. Further, he made it clear that,

in vision, he had also seen other temples, which would be built later and elsewhere, some of which would have one central tower, and "groves and fish ponds"on the roofs.

President Young's description of the coming temple fits with 958 IMPROVEMENT ERA

singular exactness, the architecture of the temple in Hawaii. He

speaks of a tower placed in the centre of the temple. The upper

room of the Hawaiian temple is the exact centre of the building, and forms a truncated or blunt tower. A person who had seen

the Hawaiian temple would be very likely to speak of it just as

President Young did of the temple of his vision. There is no

need to twist the meaning <>f words to make the temple at Laie a fulfilment of the prediction made by President Young.

The language of President Young "on the top, groves and fish ponds"makes it just a little doubtful whether the President meant that flower beds and fish ponds would be placed on the roof of the tower or of the temple proper or of both. It does not

matter much for the roofs are all flat, and may be used as indicated by President Young. When President Woolley came across this

passage, there were already cast and completed as parts of the only one completed at thatannex roof—the time—concrete boxe

for flower beds. In a climate of perpetual summer, the Hawaiian

temple will be flowerembowered from foundation to top. As for

fish ponds, it need only be said that in the streams of the plantation live gold fish in abundance. Some will no doubt be brought

to the temple roof to help adorn it and to please the fancy of those who may be privilege 1 to sit on the temple roof, under the balmy southern skv, to enjoy the prospect of the endless ocean, hemmed in only by the gates where the sea and the mountains meet.

All in all, considering the condition of the Church in Utah and in the world in 1853, this prediction made by Brigham Young is a most remarkable one, and is receiving a most singular and complete fulfilment in the temple in Hawaii.

President Joseph F. Smith, under the inspiration of God.

has taken his place with the Prophet Joseph and with President

Brigham Young, as one of the great temple builders of the

Church. Tt is very unlikely that he or any of his agents, having read President Young's sermon, deliberately instructed the

architects to plan a building in conformity with the prediction.

If that had been done, in all orobability, the upper room would have been extended upward into a spire.

It is equally improbable that the architects themselves had read President Young's sermon, and quietly set about to fulfil a prophecy. The architects, Pope & Burton, are among us, and

thev can answer for themselves.

However it mav have happened, the placing of a temple at

Laie. territorv of Hawaii, and the form of architecture chosen,

are fulfilments of utterances long since inspired. The historv o"

the Church abounds in such evidences of the guiding hand of Gorl and are continual sources of comfort to those who believe that this work is directed by an Eternal Intelligence.

LAIE, T. H.

The Parable oi the Broken Flask

TOLD BY JAMES E. TALMAGE

When a youth I left my Utah home and journeyed to the far

East to attend college. I matriculated at Lehigh University in

Pennsylvania, an institution known then and since for the thoroughness of its courses. For years I had worked, and for a

shorter period had taught, with inadequate facilities in an improvised and poorly equipped laboratory. At Lehigh I found myself for the first time in a splendid environment, with all needed

accessories of apparatus and material at hand.

Every student was required to make a cash deposit sufficient to cover probable costs of breakage and consumption in the laboratory; and he was then free to call for such instruments and

reagents as his appointed work required, with the proviso that all he returned in good condition would be credited to his account and such as he failed to return would be duly charged.

I had no money to spare. With close exactitude I had calculated on probable expenses; and I was conscious of a determination to make a good record both as to scholarship and to

promptness and honesty in meeting all pecuniary obligations. I

was the first "Mormon"boy to go from our Latterday Saint schools to the colleges of the East; and in some way I felt

I had to maintain and if possiblehumbly, not egotistically—that

to enhance, certainly not to degrade, the reputation of my people.

During the first week of my laboratory experience in college

I had the misfortune to break a large Florence flask—a vessel

of thin glass such as is used in many chemical operations, and in that day a more costly utensil than at present. By reference to

Ithe price list I ascertained that my carelessness—or perhaps

should say my unskilfulness, for I had tried to be careful—would

cost me a dollar. And I would have you know that a dollar

looked very big to me in those times.

I was disheartened at the accident. Moreover it had caught

me in a state of depression, for I was suffering acutely from a combined attack of two specific maladies, the symptoms of which

I have since learned to diagnose with certainty in the case of students who have come under my care—homesickness and lovesickness. Disconsolately I gazed at the fragments of the flask,

and then went off to indulge for a brief period in selfcommunion.

In that hour of weakness and sorrow the evil one tempted me sorely. Through my troubled mind surged thoughts of dire

960 IMPROVEMENT ERA

possibilities. What if I should break a dollar flask every week,

or possibly oftener? My little store of money might be gone before the school year was half finished. Then I would have to

give up, with work uncompleted and hopes defeated. Would it

not be better to abandon my plan of laboratory training, and follow instead some minor courses in which only pencil, paper, and library books were needed? Or, better still, why not give

up college work altogether? Surely, there were many other

fields in which opportunity for service could be found.

Returning to the laboratory I looked ruefully at the broken glass still on my table. Just then one of the graduate students

came to my side. I had heard the professors refer to him as a

man to whom we could apply for help in their absence. Already

T had come to admire his ability and technique. In the hearty

way of college men he slapped me upon the back and said "Cheer up, old fellow. Don't mind a little mishap like this. I broke

many a flask, and more costly apparatus too, before I learned to do things in the right way".

His words inspired encouragement and determination. If

he, a graduate, now engaged in research and original investigation, he, the model worker whose ways we were told to emulate, if he, to whom the instructors pointed as their able substitute, broke expensive glassware and yet succeeded, why could not

I go on?

I went on, and in time felt fairly secure in manipulating the most fragile apparatus with a minimum of breakage.

The custom of flaunting coats of arms and family insignia has happily passed. But, had I to select a device to be emblazoned on shield or door, on carriage panel or book mark, supposedly expressive of some determining circumstance in my life, I

should be inclined to choose a broken flask; for the recollection

of that grievous breakage in the college laboratory has been a means of heartening and uplift in many a crisis of despondency

So mav the storv be to those who read.

Pugnacity and Gregariousness'

BY DR. E. G. GOWANS, STATE SUPERINTENDENT PUBLIC INSTRUCTION

FOR UTAH

It is characteristic of the training now given in institutions like this one, that those who receive it for any considerable time become filled with an intense feeling of social responsibility. Education is realizing, as never before, the ideal which Colonel

Parker expressed in the motto, "Each for all and all for each."

Yet notwithstanding this, the present is a perilous hour both for individuals and for nations. It is no doubt a birthtime, and

birthtimes are always perilous. Our guideposts have been torn

from their footings. New ones must be erected. Our sense of

social responsibility must lead us to the solution of the new probwhich the present worldwar has forced, and islems—problems

still forcing upon us; for we are evidently at the beginning of a

new epoch in the history of mankind.

Patriotism, the love of country, the willingness to fight and die for the fatherland, rests upon two fundamental characteristics of human nature which, in the coming and going of generations, have been modified but little. Those two characteristics,

as has been pointed out by Max Eastman, are pugnacity and gregariousness. We are all pugnacious, we all love to fight. We

are all the descendants of those whose fighting ability determined that they should live. Those who had no such ability went down

is equally natural for us to unite—they have no descendants. It

ourselves with others who feel and believe as we do, and to use our fighting powers in their behalf as in our own. It is quite

natural, for example, that those who hold similar views on such great human concerns as equality, liberty, and brotherhood, and have achieved some measure of their realization, should associate themselves together, and that they should fight for the maintenance of that equality, that liberty, and that brotherhood.

There are those—and

advice in the present hour seems to be basedquestioned—whose I think their motives are not to be

on the assumption that these two powerful, inherent human tendencies can be obliterated. There are others who believe that,

since pugnacity and gregariousness are inherent, powerful, and universal (for even the advocates of peace group themselves

*A commencement address before the graduates of the Brigham

Young University, June 2, 1916.

962 IMPROVEMENT ERA

together and fight for peace), these prime human characteristics should be reckoned with and directed.

These latter believe, moreover, that all substantial progress of the race has been brought about by a process of that readjustment of the individual whereby he expands his group loyalty successively to an everenlarging, everexpanding group.

It is an intensely interesting process, this readjustment in which the members of each succeeding group, even though it be each time larger than the preceding group, agree among themselves that they will conform to law in their new intercourse;

that they will adjust their differences and settle their contentions, one with another, according to a code which they mutually agree to maintain and obey. And this is true, whether they have made

the code themselves or had it imposed upon them by some authority which they recognize. Every time the individual finds himself

a member of an enlarged group, he finds that his loyalty has expanded; for there is now a larger number with whom he must

larger number for whom he will beagree to conform to law—a

willing to fight.

In the early history of the American colonies there were times when relations were severely strained; indeed, there were

open ruptures which bordered closely upon actual warfare. Then

as years went by, and the mother country in various ways oppressed the colonies, they began to recognize that they had certain common interests, purposes, and ideals. This paved the way

for the union which was to come later. It was the recognition

of a community interest on the part of the individuals of this enlarged group, which gave birth to this nation. Since that time

the group has been constantly enlarging, until from the small number of 200,000 people it has become a group of more than a hundred millions. This enlargement has been accomplished by

the purchase of territory, the colonization of that territory through the encouragement of immigration, and so incidentally producing in a civilized way an ever increasing market for our manufactured goods, a method which contrasts strangely and markedly with that pursued by certain European nations, which in the present conflict are attempting to secure enlarged markets by the obsolete, barbarous, mediaeval, and brutal methods that all free peoples* had hoped would never be resorted to again.

The individuals who, as members of these smaller groups, were once ready to fight each other and to resist each other's aggression, were, by the establishment of the union, virtually transformed into loyal members of a much enlarged group, who were willing to fight, and who actually did fight and die for one another. Nothing is now more unthinkable, for example, than a

war between Massachusetts and New York.

This simple and familiar illustration should make clear to our 963 PUGNACITY AND GREGARIOUSNESS

minds that it is fruitless to try to wipe out of existence the tendit oughtency to fight and the tendency to group together; and

also to make clear that there is a way in which these deepseated, fundamental elements of human nature can be directed and utilized for the benefit of the race. How? you ask. By the simple

process of ever enlarging the group to which our loylaty is due.

Even now there are encouraging indications. Tt is but a

few short months since representatives of all the south and central

American republics met with representatives of our nation in a profoundly significant PanAmerican scientific congress. The

seed sown there and in former similar congresses, is now germinating vigorously; for in this brief time our loyalty has expanded and we feel ready to fight for the welfare of these weaker

republics.

Why is this? Simplv because we have come to recognize a

community of interest, a community of purpose, a oneness of ideal real, that these menin government. We feel that these bonds are

are their brothers'keepers. The people of New England are

more patriotic to the United States than we are to the West, no; and so it is with allmatter how dear the West may be to us

worthy citizens of this great republic.

: Is there any sane reason why we of And now let me ask

the United States should feel patriotic to the United States only?

Is our nationalism of the kind that prohibits loyalty to humanity?

I second the proposal for an international federation beginning with America. The campaign is on, the fight is ahead of us. No

one knows how long it will take, and no one need care. There is

plenty of time. All we need do, is to be sure that the ideal we

fight for is worthy of our mettle. And when this war against

war shall succeed will there still be causes worthy of our pugnacity. Just as long as mankind has a common enemy, so long

will there be a worthy cause. So long as there is a diseasegerm

unconquered, just so long is there a worthy battle for humanity.

As long as there are feebleminded children coming into the world, as long as there is such a thing as criminality, as long as there is social and industrial injustice, so long will there be worthv causes to espouse, worthv wars to wage, worthv battles to fight. "Sentimental and idealistic,"comments the ultrapractical man. "Do you not believe in preparedness?"he asks. Prepared

ness is a stirring word. It brings a thrilling call to the ears of

all patriotic men and women. That call will not pass by unheeded.

America will be prepared. It may be that one of the penalties

we must pay for our democracv, is this slow progress toward that preparedness which some would like to see achieved at once; but

we will be prepared. Of course, we are coming to recognize, as

964 IMPROVEMENT ERA

George Trumbull Ladd has said, that, "the patriotic spirit of national preparedness has reference to the nation's finances, its system of education, its internal improvements"as well as "its means for resisting foreign aggression, and for taking its place as the champion of truth and justice in the world."

As long as any considerable number of the race to which we belong believe that fighting force is a desirable basis for national greatness, so long will it be necessary for us to be prepared by force, if necessary, to resist foreign aggression. Here in the

greatest of all republics, where the rights of citizenship are universal, I am inclined to believe that military training and the liability to militarv service, must be as universal. All ablebodied

citizens, high and low, rich and poor, welleducated and meagerlv educated, if such there be, must share equally in such responsibility. Our freedom, liberty, and equality have come down to us

because the fathers were willing to fight and bleed and die that this heritage should be ours. We must be equally loyal to those

who come after us.

But we should not be blinded to the fact that national preparedness means more than military preparedness. Aside from

matters of national finances, of education, and of internal industrial conditions, we should remember that national security can rest only on a basis of loyalty and patriotic devotion, the chief cornerstones of which are those measures which shall insure to all the people social and industrial justice. If our national security depends upon our intelligence, upon our physical efficiency,

upon our standards of living, upon our attitude toward the nation, as well as upon the size and efficiency of our army and navy

T believe it there are some big things for us to—and does,—then

do. We must realize our social ideals—our feeling of social responsibility must function in our own lives.

"To hold up a national ideal,"says Devine, "in terms of salutes to the flag is an empty performance, unless it is reinforced by evidence of social ideals cherished by all who own allegiance to that flag."Whether you agree with me or not in the position

I take, that military training and the liability to military service should be universal, as long as such preparation is needed whether you agree or not that such training can best be obtained in six to eight months of intensive work after the individual reaches the age of eighteen years; whether you agree or not on

the importance of the nation's finances, its system of education, and the efficiency of its industries as contributing to national prelittle; for I amparedness and national security—really matters

sure that your feeling of social responsibility will not permit a disagreement on the demand for a sane social policy as being fundamental to our preparation for war and to our preparation

PUGNACITY AND GREGARIOUSNESS 965

for the stress and competitions of peace, for neither of which we are prepared at the present time.

Germany has had compulsory education for a hundred years.

For thirty years she has had a system of sicknessand-oldage insurance, which has made every worker feel that the nation is interested in a very immediate way in his welfare. Do you wonder,

then, at the loyalty of the German people? Do you wonder at the

efficiency of the German fighting machine? It is because we have

neglected these matters of social and industrial justice, that I call upon you graduates who, because of your training and the opportunities educational, and legislative which, tomorrow are whose feeling of social responsibility makes you bestyours—you hold, and once having taken prepared to do this work—to take

hold, to turn not back but keep the forward look.

Have you seen no vision of a social order in which crime and disease and povertv and feeblemindedness and vice shall be reduced to a minimum? Have you seen no vision of yourselves

working to reduce the deathrate of little children; to stop the

blindness of babies; to abolish child labor;. to provide for those

who work some protection against accidents and occupational diseases; to provide better housing for those who labor; to insure

the sick and aged, and those dependent upon them, against want to abolish unsanitary conditions; to kill the liquor traffic; to conquer preventable disease; to insure children a chance to play; to

segregate and humanely care for the feebleminded? Has your

vision of the future not revealed you to yourselves as fighters for rational prison reform; for the removal of the causes of social

unrest; for tht establishment of a satisfactory and fair minimum

wage system; for a method of treating criminals that will not

permit judges to commit those suffering from a disease known as crime, to prison for from one to twentyfive years and then, as

Dr. Vaughan says, "immediately feel at liberty to wash their

hands of the whole thing,"but would require them to study the effects of their treatment, change it when it needs changing, and if in doubt call into consultation the trained criminologist, and finally terminate the treatment when the sick man has recovered?

If your education has not shown you a vision of yourselves in the thick of this sort of warfare, it has failed, and your time has been wasted.

But I am persuaded that your training has been right. Yov

have formed right habits, you have acquired useful knowledge, you have made your own the best ideals of your race and you'time. You have seen a vision, and that vision does embody?

better social order, to the realization of which you must makf a contribution.

The realization of that better social order means prepared966 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ness for for peace. It means the exemplificawar—preparednesstion of the superiority of our modern scientific, humane, democratic ideals over the barbarous, brutal and aristocratic ideals of

Europe. It means that while we believe in preparedness, wc believe in it for the purpose only of "resisting foreign aggression

and taking our place as the champion of truth and justice in the world;"and not for the purpose of oppressing another people, or

of extending the boundaries of our present domain. It means

that we recognize the roughlysketched-inoutlines of a picture of the future, which sets forth the divine mission of America, and indicates the part wc must play in the regeneration of the world.

To have part in such work as this, is the high privilege before you. It will require the courage of sincerity, the forsaking of

personal ambitions, the exercise of the profoundest patriotism.

Lincoln, the greatest American, stood for national unity. The

preservation of the union meant that individual states must give up certain rights, or supposed rights, and that the allegiance and loyalty of the true citizen must be greater to the nation than to the; tate. The true significance of the Civil War lies in its establishment of the supremacy of the nation over the nation's constituent states.

May it not be that the present conflict marks the birth of a more perfect brotherhood? that it will bring forth a federation of

nations? that it will establish a nation above the nations, as the

Civil War established a nation above the states? The world has

th's lesson to learn from America.

Let me remind you young people that ultimately you and your lives are not to be judged by those of us who are older than yourselves. Further, that that ultimate judgment will not

be pronounced by your contemporaries. You will be judged by

the wisdom of those who are younger than must yourselves—you

stand before the final tribunal of the next generation of mankind.

a contribuIt is yours to measure up to their standard—to make

tion to their acquitted by the great tribunal of poswelfare—to be

terity; but to do so you must be true to your vision—as worthy

as any other men who have come up, as Foss says, from the crowd.

Men seem as alike as the leaves on the trees,

As alike as the hees in the swarming of bees;

And we look at the millions that make up the state,

As equally little and equally great,

And the pride of our courage is cowed.

Then Fate calls a man who is larger than men.

There's a surge in the crowd, there's a moment, and then

There arises a man who is larger than men,

And the mar. comes up from the crowd.

PUGNACITY AND GREGARIOUSNESS 967

The chasers of trifles run hither and yon,

And the little small days of small things still are on,

And the world seems no hetter at sunset than dawn,

And the race still increases its plentiful spawn,

And the voice of our wailing is loud.

Then the great deed calls out for the great man to come,

And the crowd unbelieving sits sullen and dumb;

But the great deed is done, for the great man has come!

Aye! the man has come up from the crowd.

There's a low hum of voices, all say the same thing,.

And our forefathers'songs are the songs that we sing.

And the deeds by our fathers and grandfathers done

Are done by the son of the son of the son,

And our heads in contrition are bowed.

So, a call for a man who shall make all things new

Goes down through the throng! See, he rises in view!

Make room for the man who shall make all things new!

For the man who comes up from the crowd.

And where is the man who comes up from the throng?

Who does the great deed and who sings the new song?

And who makes the old world as a world that is new?

And who is the man? It is you! It is you!

And our praise is exultant and proud.

We are waiting for you there—for you are the man!

Come up from the jostle as soon as you can,

Come up from the crowd, then, for you are the man,

The man who comes up from the crowd.

Fatherhood

I could not tread the path you went last night, my beloved, with your eyes of awe;

It was a time when my protecting might

Could bring no shield between you and Life's law!

I could not even guard you on your way,

Nor share one little mite of all your pain;

I could but feel—and hope—and dumbly pray

That you would safely come to me again.

And you have come. * * I do not seem to know

1 am a father. * * All my thoughts outpour

To you, who last night felt the undertow

Safe in the haven of my heart once more!

—Edwin Carlile Listey, in the "Metropolitan Magazine.''

Outlines for Scout Workers

BY D. W. PARRATT, B. S

XII MOURNING DOVE

Who killed Cock Robin?

"I,"said the Sparrow, "With my bow and arrow, I killed Cock Robin!"

Who'll be chief mourner?

"I,"said the Dove, "For I mourn for my love, I'll be chief mourner!"

From "Cock Robin's Death."

1. Why is the mourning dove so named?

2. It belongs to what bird family?

3. Tell of its size, color, and markings. Distinguish betwe**"t

male and female in these respects.

4. Tell of the mourning dove's flight.

5. Describe its song.

6. When, where, and of what is the nest made?

7. Tell the number, size, and color of the eggs.

8. This is called the bird of the poets. Why?

9. Upon what does it subsist?

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 969

10. Should it he protected? Give at least two reasons for your

answer.

HANDY MATERIAL The Voice of the Dove Come, listen, O Love, to the voice of the dove,

Come, hearken and hear him say, "There are many tomorrows, my Love, my Love,

There is only one today."

And all day long you can hear him say,

This day in purple is rolled, And the baby stars of the milky way

They are cradled in cradles of gold.

Now what is the secret, serene, gray dove,

Of singing so sweetly alway?

"There are many tomorrows, my Love, my Love,

There is only one today."Joaquin Miller.

This dove is called a mourning dove on account of the mournful sound it makes while singing. It belongs to the pigeon family and is distinguished from all other native doves and pigeons,

except the white winged dove, by the dark spot on each side of the neck.

The male measures some twelve inches in length and is of a grayish brown color with a beautiful irridescent patch a little below each of the spots just mentioned. His back and wings are

somewhat darker than his under parts, and spots of black are found on his wings. The female is smaller than the male and

her colorings and markings less contrasty and more subdued.

The mourning dove, like tame pigeons, has the graceful forward and backward movement of the head, as it walks. In case

of apparent danger the bird squats close to the ground and his color blends so thoroughly with his surroundings that it is nigh on impossible to see him. However, if you come too close, he springs

up in an unexpected, nervous manner, and makes for safer quarters. His flight, at times jerky and irregular, is usually swift and

sure. The rapid vibrations of his wings produce a sort of a dull

humming sound as the dove cleaves the air. The graceful tail of

fourteen whiteedged feathers serves as a rudder when the bird is in flight, and spreads out into a fan to retard motion when he alights. "The mourning dove,"writes C. C. Marble, "may be called

the poet of melancholy, for its song is, to us, without one element of cheerfulness. Hopeless despair is in every note, and, as the

bird undoubtedly does have cheerful moods, as indicated by its actions, its song must be appreciated only by its mate."Wilson,

the noted bird student, speaking of this touching song, says: "The

hopeless woe of settled sorrow, swelling the heart of female innocence itself, could not assume tones more sad, more tender and 970 IMPROVEMENT ERA

affecting. Its notes arc four; the first being somewhat the highest, and preparatory, seeming to be uttered with an inspiration of

the breath, as if the afflicted creature were just recovering its voice from the convulsive sobs of distress; this is followed by

three deep mournful moanings, that no person of sensibility can listen to without sympathy. A pause of a few moments ensues,

and then the solemn voice of sorrow is renewed as before."This

plaintive "Ah, cooo-oo, coooo-oo, coooo-oo"is sung principally during midday and toward evening, especially during mating and breeding seasons.

The mourning dove's nest, a carelessly built affair of a few sticks, is usually made upon some horizontal limb of a mediumsized tree, some leaning willows, a stump of tree, or on a rail fence. Often, however, it is built upon the ground under a bunch

of wheatgrass, sagebrush, greasewood, or the like. If not disturbed the birds will nest in a chosen locality for a number of

years in succession.

The eggs, two in number, are pure white and of about the same size as those of a common pigeon. Both male and female

share the work of incubation, and both diligently care for the young.

The baby doves are fed for the most part on regurgitated food, commonly called "pigeon's milk,"furnished by the parent birds. This goes to make about twothirds of the young one's

diet, the other third consisting of seeds from sorrel, ragweed, pigeongrass and the like.

As a benefactor to gardener and farmer, the mourning dove is entitled to serious consideration. It subsists almost wholly upon troublesome weed seeds and these it devours in surprisingly

great quantities. In the stomach of one bird, for instance, have

been found some 7,500 yellow sorrel seeds, and in another 6,400 barngrass seeds. Reports from the biological laboratories at

Washington indicate that seeds thus found have run to the almost incredible number of 9.200. Observations show that while the

dove is fond of oats, rye, and wheat, he seldom takes any but waste grain.

The mourning doves are very considerate of and affectionate toward each other after they become mated. A pair will usually remain mated for life and they never seem happy unless they

are together. While the female is sitting, her companion supplies

her with food in abundance. While not engaged in food getting,

he is nearly always found close to her, often on the nest so close as to almost push her off. He crosses bills with her when he

leaves and when he returns. Such habits of mutual affection have

won the admiration of many appreciative poets. By them the

dove is made to signify innocent love and true devotion. Note,

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 971

for example, the bit of pathos in this little dialogue from the

Russian

there so sad, thou gentle dove? Stranger—Why mourning

I mourn, unceasing mourn, my vanished love. Dove—

then fled, or faithless proved? Stranger—What, has thy love Dove—Ah, no! the sportsman wounded him Stranger—Unhappy one! beware! I loved!

I die. let him come—or else of grief Dove—Oh, that soortsman's nigh!

The shooting of one often brings back its mate to investigate the cause of delay. It will alight near where it last saw its companion and "give every evidence of anxious solicitude, peering

about, moving its beautiful head in characteristic fashion, and sometimes uttering its sad, sweet call."

These charming birds are found quite generally throughout our mountain valleys and canyons, but always within comparatively easy flight from water. They drink often and delight in

frequent baths during warm weather. Their presence even among

dreary sage flats is a sure indication of some spring or streamnot far away.

A short outof-town journey in almost any direction is quite certain to find at least two or three of these doves. They seek

the highways for dust baths and food grit, and are easily startled into humming flight. Though at first rather shy, with kind treatment, they gradually become somewhat trustful of mankind. In

winter when food is scarce, they often venture to the barnyard and feed with the poultry.

There are at present twentyone of our states having rigid laws against the killing of mourning doves during any season of the year. Unfortunately, Utah permits an open season for these

birds at a time when their nestlings are in greatest need of parental care. As a result the older birds are frequently killed, leaving the helpless little ones to chill and starve to death. Such inexcusable cruelty is certainly sufficient to urge that we revise our

laws to afford better protection to these beautiful and useful creatures.

Would that we had no need for such laws! Such, let us

hope, will be the case when "sportsmen""with soul so dead"attune themselves to the tender spirit of love as breathed by the poet who wrote these simple lines

High on the top of an old pinetree

Broods a motherdove with her young ones three.

Warm over them is her soft, downy breast,

And they sing so sweetly in their nest.

"Coo,"say the little ones, "Coo,"says she,

All in their nest on the old pinetree.

972 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Soundly they sleep through the moonshiny night,

Each one covered and tucked in tight;

Morn wakes them up with the first blush of light,

And they sing to each other with all their might.

"Coo,"say the little ones, "Coo,"says she,

All in their nest on the old pinetree.

When in the nest they are all left alone,

While their mother far for their dinner has flown,

Quiet and gentle they all remain,

Till their mother they see come home again.

Then "Coo,"say the little ones, "Coo,"says she,

All in their nest on the old pinetree.

When they are fed by their tender mother,

One never pushes nor crowds another;

Each opens wide his own little bill,

And he patiently waits, and gets his fill.

Then "Coo,"say the little ones, "Coo,"says she,

All in their nest on the old pinetree.

Wisely the mother begins by and by

To make her young ones learn to fly;

Just for a little way over the brink,

Then back to the nest as quick as a wink.

'Coo,"says she, And "Coo,"say the little ones,

All in their nest on the old pinetree.

Fast grows the young ones, day and night,

Till their wings are plumed for a longer flight;

Till unto them at last draws nigh

The time when thev all must say "Goodby."

Then "Coo,"say th little ones, "Coo,"says she,

And away they fly from the old pine tree.

1 J Br M.

H

Flag of the United States of America—Our Country*

BY B. 11. ROBERTS

When men would intensify utterance, and throw soul, heart, might, passion, aspirations, vital truths, fundamental principles, into one representation, they adopt some symbol to express it, they incarnate it in some concrete thing.

In like spirit men adopt national standards, emblazon shields, fashion coats of arms, or flags. The eagles of Rome and of

France were in their time an inspiration to these conquestloving people; as was the banner of the Cross to the Crusaders. The

Crescent and the Star of the orient, on the other hand, was as much an inspiration to the Mohammedan hosts as was the Banner of the Cross to the Christian Invaders. And so throughout the

experience of man; he creates symbols for his principles, his

truth, his aspirations. So with the Fathers of our Great Republic; they, too, must have a standard, a thing which, when

looked upon, would, as with one word, thunder to their souls the things for which they stood.things they hoped to achieve—the

This, as we know, was not achieved at one stroke. Various insignia were used to express their cause or purpose. In Virginia,

in the early part of the struggle against British tyranny, the patriots adopted the "Snake Hag,"the coiled rattle snake with the warning injunction, "Don't Tread on Me,"and the immortal words of Patrick Henry, "Liberty or Death!"The men of

Massachusetts adopted the "Pine Tree Flag,"inscribed with the words, "An Appeal to Heaven."In South Carolina, Col. Moultrie, in Charleston harbor, raised the blue flag with a silver crescent in the right hand corner, and the single word "Liberty"inscribed upon it. On the First of January, 1776, Washington

raised the flag of thirteen alternating red and white stripes, each stripe representing a colony, with the British "Union Jack"in the upper corner; and, finally, Congress, on June 14, 1777, authorized the present National Banner, The Stars and Stripes.

The thirteen alternating stripes of white and red, with the field of blue in the upper corner, in which blazes out a star for each all told. The thirteen of the sovereign states—fortyeight now,

stripes still stand for the thirteen original states, which also are

*An address delivered as a part of a Scout program at the Deseret

Gymnasium, before Scouts and Scout Masters at the M. I. A. conference, Thursday, June 8, 1916.

974 IMPROVEMENT ERA

represented with the other states by stars in the field of blue, at once their back ground and their bond of union.

And now let us contemplate what this flag stands for.

First it stands for the liberty of man; and by standing for the

liberty of man, it stands for all things dear to him,—for the dignity of manhood. Without liberty, dignity of manhood is impossible. In fact, there is no content in this splendid word manhood where liberty is not. In standing for the liberty of man

our flag stands for man's right to life; his right to be free; his

right to the pursuit of happiness.

The American flag not only stands for these things, in a declarative way, but it is the emblem of the institutions and government which secure these blessings to man. It stands for the

principles that in government the people are sovereigns; that the

government is merely the machinery by which these sovereigns secure their rights. Government officers are, therefore, not masters of the people, nor even "rulers;"they are the people's servants. The flag stands for the sovereignty of the people, then,

and for the principle that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, a declaration which sounded the death knell of the old theory of "the divine right of kings."

The flag stands for the freedom of speech and of the press for the supremacy of civil over military authority.

The flag stands for religious freedom; and the Constitution

forbids Congress making laws for the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. The great truth is recognized, under our flag, that religion is a matter between the individual conscience and the Creator.

But while the flag stands for all these things, which make for and sustain the liberty of man, it is no lawless liberty which it guarantees. Perhaps the phrase "lawless liberty"will be held

to be inadmissible; for, at bottom, of course, there is no such

thing as "lawless liberty."The liberty our flag guarantees is

"liberty under the law;"liberty secured and maintained by law

the right to do what the law does not forbid, and conformity with what the law commands. Orderly freedom, then, is what our

flag represents, not license, and not anarchy.

The flag stands for the government; for the sovereignty of

the nation in things that are national; for the sovereignty of the

states in the things that are reserved, by the Constitution, to the states and to the people respectively. It stands for an indissoluble

Union of indestructible states. It declares the Constitution of

the Union, and the laws passed in pursuance of it, to be the supreme law of the land. It represents the right and power of

the general government to execute the laws of the Union in every state and territory, acting, in the discharge of that function, directly upon individuals and corporations within the states. This

FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES 975

is the new principle in our Republic, which distinguishes it from all Republics that preceded it; and which makes it effective

as a government; giving to it the undoubted power of perpetuity, makes it, in fact, a nation. This principle, crystalized in our national Constitution, makes it possible for a

republican form of government to extend over a large empire of territory; a thing of which ancient authorities on civil government very much doubted. DeTocqueville declares this to be the

unique principle which differentiates the American republic from all others that have existed. Yet, while this element of power

exists in the national government, it is to be exercised only within the express grants of power in the Constitution, it being part of the Constitution itself that powers not granted are withheld;

and the whole scheme of American government, which is but the collected means of preserving the liberty of the citizens, and the good order of society, is subject to such alterations, as experience shall find warrantable. In a word, the government, both state

and national, is answerable to the people. This, by the way, at

the present point we have reached in the evolution of our system of government, is very interesting. We have been so charmed by

the neverto-beforgotten phrases of Lincoln at Gettysburg, uniting in a very profound declaration, in a prayer in fact, that "government of the people, for the people, and by the people, might not have overlooked, doubtless, the perish from the earth"—that we

source whence this formula was largely drawn, namely, the second speech of Daniel Webster on Foote's Resolution, (delivere 1 in January, 1830). Mr. Webster then 'declared that the government was "the people's government, made for the people, made

by the people, and answerable to the people."

The government, then, is the people's government; our government for which the flag stands; and the flag, with all this that

the flag stands for, is the sovereign people's flag.

What a world of things is generalized in "Old Glory!"All

the principles and truths of civil government; all the aspirations

of a people who feel their liberty, enjoy their rights, and aspire to the attainment of all that is possible to a free people, safeguarded by powerful governments, local and national.

THE MISSION OF THE UNITED STATES

As no man lives to himself alone, so no state keeps the effects of its life to itself. Tt lives for others; its success or

failure is a vindication of it, or a confession of inaequacv of the principles upon which it is founded. Judged from this viewpoint, how glorious the achievements of the people living for one

hundred and forty years under the flag which represents the principles upon which the government of the United States is found 976 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cd! Our national cixstcncc and success are a vindication of free

institutions. They demonstrate the ability of a people for selfgovernment. In population the Republic has increased from less

than three millions, at the time our nation's flag was first unfurled, to one hundred millions of people now; from thirteen colonies,

to fortyeight sovereign states; from the possession of a fringe

of territory along the Atlantic coast, to the possession of the great

Ohio, the Mississippi, and the Missouri valleys, and thence to the conquest of our intermountain and Pacific coast west, to say nothing of our possession of Alaska, and our insular possessions in the

Pacific Pacific ocean, destined to become the world's ocean—the

greater Mediterranean of the twentieth century.

Paralleling the development of territorial possessions has been the development in commerce, trade, agriculture, mining, arts, sciences, and general educational enlightenment; for, keeping in mind the principles of the founders of the Republic, our

later statesmen, as well as the early fathers, have kept in mind the fact that a selfgoverning people must be an enlightened people.

Our success in all these activities, the nationwide prosperity that our people enjoy, demonstrates the great truth that give man his freedom, and each one equal opportunities for development with his fellows, and you have then adopted the best possible arrangement under which men can work out their destiny both as individuals and as communities.

Moreover, our success has not been confined to our own people. In the early decades of the last century, perhaps more

than of late, our country was spoken of as "an asylum of the oppressed of all nations."And that, by the wav. has been something more than a figure of speech. Columbia's shores have

been indeed "a home to those beyond the seas, where tyrants rule no more."

Nor does this mark the limitation of our helpfulness in the world's affairs. The influence of our success as a nation of free

men, has been an inspiration to patriots in other lands, who for themselves and for their people have striven to obtain larger freedom, safeguarded by the adoption of at least some of our principles within their own forms of government. This cardinal

doctrine of ours, the liberty of man, the sovereignty of the citizens, and the necessary corollary that governments derive their iust powers from the consent of the governed, has entered as leaven into the systems of government in many other countries.

France, for example, after coquetting, and even after indulging, in "trial marriages."with monarchial forms of government, at

last, following our example, settled down to republican government under which she has had more stability of administration in civil affairs than under any form of government with which she

FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES 977

has experimented in recent centuries; and under which now she

is wagingone of the most stupendous wars of all her history, and so steadily maintaining her course as to win the admiration of the world.

England, instructed by her experience with her American colonies, now grants a wide measure of local selfgovernment to her colonies, which, had she granted to her American settlements, there would have been no American Revolution; no severing of

bonds with the Anglo Saxon Empire; no "Great Republic"to

instruct the world. But Divine Providence doubtless brought to

pass the issues out of which grew our national existence.

Japan, awakened by the voice of America in the middle of last century, thundered at her through the saluting guns of the

American navy, commanded by Commodore Perry, awoke from her slumber of ages. She arose from the isolation of centuries

and a few decades later changed her form of absolute government to a constitutional monarchy, with a parliament in which is expressed the will of her people, and has steadily forged to the front as one of the modern world powers.

Russia has so far modified her autocratic government that she admits the voice of her people to be heard in imperial affairs through her Duma, an advisory legislative body, destined in time, undoubtedly, to develop into an effective parliament.

Turkey has compelled the abdication of her tyrant ruler; and

by the voice of the people she has placed on the throne of that ancient empire a ruler of her choice; curtailed executive power,

and established a legislative division of government to enact laws for the country.

China within the past few years has overthrown the ancient

Manchu dynasty and proclaimed a republic. And while there

was recently a reversion to the monarchial form of government, it has within the past month been repudiated and the republic reestablished. When such things can happen in China, the day of

miracles has not ceased.

I do not believe it is American mania, nor undue American egotism, to say that this march of liberty, throughout these countries, had its origin in the shot fired by the embattled farmers of shot "heard round the world;"and Concord and Lexington—the

the unfurling of the American flag as the ensign of human freedom and republican government in our own Godblessed land of

America.

Pardon me, but those of us who believe that these continents of the western hemisphere constitute a great modern "land of

Zion,"must needs regard this circumstance of free institutions being born in our country, vouchsafed by our constitutions, state and national, and the demonstration of the success of free instibe tutions through about a century and a half of time—we may

978 IMPROVEMENT ERA pardoned, I say, for regarding all this—as the progressive fulfilment of the ancient prophecy—"The law shall go forth from

Zion."Truly this "law"of human freedom, for which our flag

stands, had its modern birth here in our country, and here has received the demonstration of its great success. Then

"God bless the land of Washington,

The land we love so well, Where liberty has smiled upon Each forest, lake and dell;

Where institutions, priceless, free,

Have made Columbia's shore A home for those beyond the seas,

Where tyrants rule no more."

"God bless our land, dear freedom's land;

And guard the old Red, White and Blue,

Oh, shield it from the traitor's hand,

And keep us patriots true."

Usually I am not long on poetry, but there is a description of the orgin of the American flag in verse by Joseph Rodman

Drake that comes to me from the recollections of my boyhood reading, and which I consider most beautiful

"When Freedom from her mountainheight

Unfurled her standard to the air,

She tore the azure robe of night,

And set the stars of glory there.

She mingled with its gorgeous dyes

The milky baldric of the skies,

And striped its pure, celestial white,

With streakings of the morning light.

"Flag of the free heart's hope and home!

By angel hands to valor given!

Thy stars have lit the welkin dome,

And all thy hues were born in heaven.

Forever float that standard sheet!

Where breathes the foe but falls before us,

With Freedom's soil beneath our feet,

And Freedom's banner streaming o'er us?"

I. A. BOY SCOUTS WHAT THE UNITED STATES FLAG MEANS TO THE M.

OF AMERICA

Of course it has become a commonplace fact of our knowledge that the flag of the United States represents the union of the states, each star in the blue field a state, and the alternating red and white stripes the thirteen original colonies which became

FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES 979

states, and the whole constitutes the national emblem—the ensign of the nation.

I think, however, the flag should suggest all this in greater detail to the M. I. A. Boy Scouts of America, and much more.

It is said in the Declaration of Independence that "these truths are selfevident, that all men are created equal [i. e. before the law];

that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights governments are instituted

among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed."In what we accept in our religious faith as a revelation from God, it is said that, "It is not right that any man

should be in bondage one to another. And for this purpose [that

is, that men might not be in bondage one to another] have I [the

Lord] established the Constitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom I raised up to this very purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood."

Now, with these ideas in mind, let us see what the flag may symbolize for the M. I. A. Boy Scouts:

The unbroken field of blue should in their thought symbolize the Union of the states, each state represented by a fixed star in this blue field; each star standing for an indestructible state of the

indissoluble Union. The stars are five pointed. So considered

they may represent the five great and selfevident political prinimmortal princiciples on which the government is founded—the

ples of the Declaration of Independence:

1. The equality of men before the law

2. The right of men to live

3. The right of men to be free

4. The right of men to pursue happiness

5. Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed.

The white stripes symbolize the purity of the patriotism of the people; the red stripes, the blood that has been shed for the

establishment of these principles and the maintenance of this nation, and by which the land and the government have been sanctified.

The flag thus represents all that in civil government men can live for; and to maintain which, when duty calls, they can

even afford to die. Accept this formula, M. I. A. Boy Scouts of

America, as to what the United States flag means to you, and you will fall behind none of your Boy Scout compatriots in interpretation of, and in appreciation of your country's flag.

The True Gentleman*

BY ORSON F. WHITNEY

I have promised to give a tenminute talk on "The True

Gentleman."What does it mean to be a gentleman? I had the

pleasure, four years ago, of accompanying the boy scouts on their first hike over the old Pioneer Trail through the Wasatch

Mountains. We had a splendid time. Many interesting things

happened. We had a magnificent oration from Brother Roberts,

afterand I said some good things myself (laughter)—especially

Captain Grant appointed me to crack jokes for the company and appointed Rulon Wells to laugh at them. His appreciation was

quite encouraging, though it worked him pretty hard. But what

remains with me most is a little incident that occurred while we were camped one night in East Canyon.

The boys had saluted the flag and lowered it, putting it away with reverent hands. Supper was over, a ring was formed,

and some athletic games were indulged in. Two of the scouts

grappled each other and began to wrestle, and I tell you it was a tug of war for a few minutes, they were so evenly matched.

One was a fine young fellow, straight as an arrow, a native of

Salt Lake City, and the other a husky lad from Davis county.

The bout ended with the Salt Laker flat upon his back. But he

got up smiling, and without waiting to dust his clothes, walked up to his antagonist and extending his hand, congratulated him on his victory. I was the poet laureate of the hiking scouts, I suppose you know, and because of this incident I included in my verse

"Hiking the Trail,"a line reading, "Irwin Clawson, gentleman.'*

He was the scout who was thrown. But he was a victor none the

he mastered himself. He would not allow himself less—for

to pout, to feel miffed or disappointed; and in the generosity of

his heart and the gentility of his soul, he complimented the one who had defeated him. It was the act of a true gentleman.

The splendid conduct of General Grant—his magnanimity

in the hour of triumph at Appomattox, where General Lee surrendered, has often been commented upon. Grant, refusing to

accept the sword of Lee, or the horses of the conquered cavalry, protested: "Not a single horse, General. You will need them

for your spring plowing."This showed the greatness of General

Grant probably more than any other act of his life. But what

*Told at the Scout demonstration, Deseret Gymnasium, June M. I. A.

Conference, 1916.

THE TRUE GENTLEMAN 981

about the other side? Take Lee's conduct at Gettysburg, after

Pickett's glorious charge had failed, when he saw his gray battalions melting away, and must have known that the cause of the South had reached high water mark, and must ebb with the loss of that great battle. Gazing upon his defeat, the Confederate chieftain did not swear, did not curse, did not blow out his

brains; he simply sighed: "We cannot always win victories."

all events his greatnessGrant was great, but Lee was greater—at

was put to the severer test. It is great to be magnanimous in th

hour of victory, but it is greater to be patient in the hour of adversity. Robert E. Lee was a true American gentleman.

To be a gentleman does not mean to part your hair in the middle, and sport a goldheaded cane. It doesn't mean to wear

broadcloth. A man can be a gentleman in buckskin. A woman

can be a lady in homespun. Of course, there are little courtesies

and amenities, such as lifting your hat to a lady, or to someone above you in authority. These things are beautiful, and pertain

to gentility. General Washington was walking one day with a

friend, and they met an aged negro, who doffed his hat as thev approached. Off came Washington's hat in return. The friend

was shocked: "Why, General, do you take off your hat to

a nigger?"Washington replied: ''Would you have me outdone

in politeness by one?"A splendid answer. The Father of our

Country was a true gentleman.

I like to see a hat lifted to a lad v. I like to hear one gentlethe undertaker said toman say to another, "After you, sir"—as

the doctor. These things are all right. But the point I wish to

bring out is that gentility means something far more than this.

A gentleman is gentle, kind and considerate of others. He is

chivalrous, generous and brave, tender to women and children, respectful and reverential to authority. All these are features of

a gentleman's character and conduct.

Sir Philip Sydney, an English nobleman, lay wounded upon the battlefield, suffering with that raging thirst which alwavs seizes one who has been shot through. His attendant brought

him some water to assuage his 1 urning thirst, and he was about to drink, when he saw a common soldier lying a few feet away, gasping for brea'h and just ready to expire. Sydney waived ba':

the water, and told them to give it to that dying soldier. "His

need is greater than mine."declared the wounded hero. An

English gentleman! But never so much a gentleman as then.

When I was in England, many years atro, we had among our missionary corps an honest Welsh blacksmith, brave as a lion, devoted to his relieion, but without much education. Traveling

in his native land, he came to the castle of Hawarden, the summer residence of William E. Gladstone, then prime minister of

great scholar, great orator, great man. This brotherEngland—a

982 IMPROVEMENT ERA

made up his mind to bear his testimony to Mr. Gladstone, and

this is how he did it. Wrapping up a bundle of gospel tracts, he

sent them off to the castle, with a postal card, reading: "Dear

Mr. Gladstone, I send you some trax; read them for they are

fax."Now, a gentleman never takes advantage of another person's weakness; and a gentleman always answers his correspond

ents promptly. Those who don't answer promptly are not gentlemen—they are ladies (laughter). Gladstone, instead of tossing

the tracts into the wastebasket, as a contemptuous flunkey would have done, directed his secretary to write a kind and respectful letter to the humble "Mormon"missionary, thanking him for his tracts, and assuring him that he would read them. That was the act

of a true gentleman.

Every rule of etiquette, of good conduct, has common sense to warrant it. Why are you told to eat with your fork and not with

your knife? Why, because if you ate with your knife you might

cut your mouth, and the chances are it is big enough already.

Why do you take soup but once? Because too much liquid at

one time is not good for the stomach. Why are you to eat silently

and avoid greediness? Because the opposite course is offensive

to those around you.

The best definition of gentility is this: "A gentleman is one

who puts us at ease in his presence."A woman is a lady upon

the same principle. And how much that means! It is not merely

to bow and scrape, and doff your hat. It means to be thoughtful

and considerate; it means to have a clean body and a clean mind

to be pure in thought, in conduct, and in conversation. It means

to be always thinking of others, and how to make them happy.

I would have every boy scout a gentleman in this high sense of the term.

A gentleman is always respectful to authority. They tell

a story about Louis XIV of France; Louis the Grand, they called

him. He was "the pink of politeness,""the first gentleman of

Europe,"a title afterwards misbestowed upon George the Fourth of England. One day he was going out for a drive, this grand

monarch, and as the carriages or conveyances drew up, he turned to one of the nobles of his court and invited him to get in first. The Frenchman bowed very low and said, "After your

majesty."The king did not like it; a shadow crossed his face.

Turning to another nobleman, who chanced to be the English ambassador, he asked him to get in first. The Englishman bowed

just as politely as the Frenchman, and then sprang in. The king,

I pointing to him, said: "There is the true gentleman—he did as

desired."I had a similar lesson impressed upon me once. I was traveling for the Dcscret News, and came to the city of Logan while

a stake conference was in session. Upon the stand were Presi-

THE TRUE GENTLEMAN 983

dent John Taylor and counselors, President Cannon and our beloved President Smith; also Brother Thatcher and other apostles. Brother Penrose was likewise there; he was then editor of

the Nezvs. I wanted to ask him a question, and so walked up

near the stand, and beckoned to him. Bishop Preston, who

presided over Cache stake at that time, said: "Come up, Brother

Whitney, come up on the stand.""Oh, no,"I replied; for I didn't

feel worthy to sit among those great men; so I declined, thinking it the proper thing to do. Brother Preston then remarked

"Well, when I come to the Eighteenth ward [where I was

Bishop] and you ask me to sit on the stand, I will accept."President Smith, overhearing the remark, advised me: "Orson, do

as the Bishop tells you."I did not argue the point; I walked

up onto the stand and took a seat. It was a lesson to me that I

have tried to profit by ever since.

The Prophet Joseph Smith declared that when God offers knowledge or a gift to a man, and he refuses to receive it, he will be damned. A king's invitation is a command, and God is

the King of kings. When authority wishes to honor you by giving you an appointment or a gift or a blessing of any kind, you

cannot do better than to accept. If you refuse, you put up your

judgment against that of the one who makes the offer. You

throw it back in his teeth. No wonder the French monarch was

displeased. He would not have offered that nobleman a seat in

his carriage, if he had not wanted him to accept it, and when the latter declined, he put his judgment against the judgment of the king. It was an act of impoliteness.

Always accept a call to a mission, or an appointment of any kind, to labor at home or abroad, in the service of the Lord.

Whenever your bishop or stake president says do this, or do that, obey. That is the secret of growth and progress in the kingdom

of God. The one who accepts the call advances. The one who

declines it takes a backward step.

I have a boy at home of whom I am justly proud. He

never had to be told to get in the kindling and coal for his mother.

He knew instinctively that this was his duty, and he took it upon himself. One day, while I was absent, my wife began to split

kindling, and Paul (the boy I refer, to) walked up to her and said: "Mother, this is no work for you,"and took the ax out

of her hand. It was the act of a gentleman. And he was not

doing it to "show off,"mind you. He did it from an innate

sense of politeness. A gentleman is always kind to women and

children. Boys who love their mothers and respect their fathers

are very apt to be gentlemen. You are a gentleman when you

put other people at ease in your presence, when you are kind, chivalrous and respectful, and receive in the right spirit what authority wishes to bestow. Be true gentlemen.

The "Higher Criticism"and the Variant Names for

God in the Bible

BY ROBERT C. WEBB

I As stated in a previous article, the socalled "higher criticism"of the is to say the scheme having as its direct Bible—which

object and result, in many minds, the discrediting of claims of authority or divine origin of the Hebrew and Christian Scriptures begins with the allegation that the differing designations for the

Divine Name in Genesis I and II indicate diverse origins for these two chapters, and, following on the same principles throughout the earlier books of the Bible, also several separate "documents"that have been clumsily pieced together by some "redactor"at a comparatively recent date. Upon this apparently innocent fact, also,

is based the entire fabric of the system which attempts to prove from "internal evidences"that the Scriptures are not, as formerly believed, either divine, authoritative or even historical in any corJews"—torect sense, and that the religion of the Jews, and the "god of the use a term now familiar in "scholarly"literature—are

merely "developments"of ideas common to all Semitic peoples.

Here the zoological hypothesis of descent, or "evolution", plays an ambitious and conspicuous part, particularly when arguments for "late dates"are desired, and is advocated as the "proved method"of God's activities, both creative and "providential". If

all this is true, and has been so demonstrated, we ran do no more, of course, than regretfully acknowledge our defeat. But it has

not been demonstrated, nor even supported by such arguments and evidences as should warrant us in accepting it as even a "possible alternative conclusion".

The first and second chapters of Genesis positively do not use '"different divine names", as the "higher critics"allege, nor even such diverse designations for Deity as to warrant the supposition that the alleged different authors of these two chapters held any such radically diverse conceptions of God, and of His relations to creation and to humanity, as would justify the conclusions of the "critics". In addition to this fact, an "alternative explanation"of the apparent differences in the "names"used may be

drawn from the text itself.

In the first chapter of Genesis, and through the third verse of the second chapter, as even a reader of the English Bible may

THE "HIGHER CRITICISM"985

discern, the Creator is called simply "God", a word representing the direct translation of the Hebrew Elohim, a noun plural in form, but used with singular verbs. In the second chapter, beginning with the fourth verse, and going on through the 23d

verse of the third chapter, the double name "Lord God"is found, always as the subject of a verb, except in the two instances in the 8th verse of the third chapter. This double name represents the

Hebrew words Jehovah Elohim, the literal translation of which is "JehovahGod", the first word of the combination being a proper noun, indicating the "ineffable name"of God (Jehovah, Jehovih,

Yehowah or Yahweh), and the second the most representative and oftenestused correspondent of the English word "god". As

with the usage of this English word, the Hebrew Elohim is not a proper name, except when used to designate the infinite Creator, who, in strict consistency, has no name, or whose name must not be spoken, even if declared. Thus, when used alone, as in the

first chapter of Genesis, or with the name Jehovah, or the title

Adonai ("lord"), as in a few instances, it is equivalent to the

English name "God", with the capital. When used with other

names, either in compound or in apposition, or alone, when in association with such words as "heathen", etc., it means "god"

or "gods", "divine beings"or objects of worship in any designated connection. An eminent example of this usage is found in

1 Kings xi:33, ("they * * * have worshipped Ashtoreth the

goddess of the Zidonians, Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and

Milcom the god of the children of Ammon"), in which the objects of the verb ''worshipped"may be thus partially transliterated for the information of the reader: / (h) Ashtoreth elohe(y) Tsidonin,

li Kmosh elohe(y) Moaab, ul. Milkom elohe(y) beni-(g)Ammon}

In order to derive a really critical idea of the very condition found in the use of "differing names"in the first two chapters of

Genesis, it is in place to indicate briefly the conceptions of Deity, as opposed to deities, which held among Semitic nations, as, indeed, among ancient peoples in general. In the writings of ancient historians, as also in many places in the Bible, the existence

of heathen deities is not denied, nor is there any consistent tendency to interfere with the opinions or rites of religion of the worshippers of such "gods", except when they are brought into conflict with the "gods"of the nation in question. The ancient

conception is that the god of a people should be regarded as the particular guardian of that people, their unseen genius, king or commander, who is victorious, if his people prevail, in war or is defeated, if they are conquered. The members of a tribe or

'In this partial transliteration of the Hebrew words, the letter "h"in parenthesis indicates the guttural character orf the Hebrew letter Ayin The "y"in parenthesis indicates the Hebrew letter Yodh. The "1"before the names of these gods represents the

particle having the general meaning "to", which here follows the verb meaning to "worship". The word Elohim is here modified into its "construct"form, Elohe, which means,

literally, "godof".

986 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nation were inevitably associated with their god, who, in some aspects of the matter, might be considered to be the "personification"of the tribe itself. Thus, a man could not change his religion without also changing his national or tribal allegiance. The

god of the tribe was not regarded as the Supreme Being, although he was considered to be sovereign within his own boundaries, or over his own people. There seems to have been a distinction,

also, between the godideas of nomadic tribes and those of settled and civilized nations. Among Semites of the latter class the god

was familiarly known under such title as Baal or Ba'l, which has the general meaning "owner", "possessor", "landlord", etc.

the word also means "husband"in other connections, sometimes also as a divine title. 2 Such designations as "king"are also common,, as seen in the supposed names of heathen deities in the

Bible, such as Milcom, Malcham, Molech, etc., variations of the

word melek, "king". The Tyrian Bel was also known as Melcarth, "king of the city". As a nation grew greater its god, of

course, increased in importance, but the idea of an infinite and eternal deity was very rare, except among philosophers or other people of high reflective intelligence. Thus, as seems well supported by recent investigations, the ancient heathen Arabs, while

depending upon their own tribal deities for the protection of their tribes, etc., were wont to ascribe control of the weather and the

forces of nature in general to Allah, the God of Heaven, who may be said to correspond in many ways with the El Shaddai of the Bible. Thus, as may be understood, the religion of the Bible

had as its principal thesis the assertion of the claims of God

Almighty, as against those of all "other gods"whatever, just as the religion of Muhammad, himself greatly under the influence of

Jewish and Christian traditions, emphasized the claims of Allah, to the exclusion of all tribal gods and "baals"—the "gods many

and lords many".

In the course of the development of religious thought and institutions, particularly under the influence of people of reflective intelligence, we find that, among even the most widely separated peoples, one kind of polytheism arose from the discrimination of separate deities in control of the several natural forces, departments of life and effort, such as warfare, agriculture, etc.

2The common Semitic belief in the local, or restricted, powers of their several gods, or Baalim, is well exemplified by the passage in I Kings xx -.2230, in which, as recorded,

the King of Syria was advised to seek battle with the Israelites "in the plain", on the ground that "their gods are gods of the hills". We might reasonably conclude that this

supposition was based on the report that Jehovah had His special residence at Mount

Sinai or Horeb. In spite, however, of the fact that sundry "critics"insist that Jehovah

is merely one of these locally dwelling Semitic deities, we find that the idea is definitely repudiated, and God promises His people a victory, to demonstrate the fallacy, and that "ye shall know that I am the Lord. Nevertheless,* the usual Semitic superstition was

so familiar to the Israelites that, as recorded, they seemed unable to comprehend the idea of an Infinite Being who is "God among the gods", and showed a constant tendency to have recourse to the Raalim. This is a perfectly consistent explanation for theii

constant recorded lapses into idolatry.

THE "HIGHER CRITICISM"987

But, often, as among the ancient Hindus, there is, even with belief in a, most populous pantheon, an ancient and persistent tendency to regard the separate gods as so many manifestations of one original and primitive Power. We have, therefore, what

is usually known as "henotheism", the concept of one god in many forms, or in many functions, rather than "monotheism", or the assertion of one god supreme above all forces of nature, etc.,

and, if acting through the agency of other superhuman beings, acting always \s their superior and commander, who is unspeakably above them all. Another variety of polytheism comes with

the attempt to reconcile the conflicting claims of numerous local, or tribal, deities, so as to include them in a national pantheon.

There is much of this sort of thing in the religion of ancient

Egypt. It appears also when men of one nation attempt to recognize their own gods in the deities of another. Thus, Herodotus,

in describing the religion of the Egyptians, gives the names of the

Greek gods to their gods. So, also, the Romans, on their emergence into power and importance, sought to identify the members

of their own pantheon with those of the Greek.

One thing that is fairly certain about most ancient and "heathen"systems of religion is the general failure to identify any of the members of an official pantheon with the Creator of the universe. Thus, among the Greeks and Romans, there was no

definite ancient tendency to ascribe Creatorship to Zeus or to Jove.

With them the origin of things lay in a vague line of fables, in which personifications of "time", "heaven", and other ultimate facts cooperated in forming the worlds. With the Hindus the old

Vedic god Indra was not identified with the Creator, nor were any of the other deities so honored. Later, with the rise of

philosophical tendencies, there appeared the three rivals for Creatorship, Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva, whose conflicting claims were "reconciled"by the theologians in the popular trimurti, which is a very different concept from that involved in the Christian doctrine of the Trinity, no matter how much the idea of a "triunity"may appear in both. With the philosophers, also, the three rival

gods were resolved into three differing manifestations of the same absolute and original agency called by them Brahman. They

taught, therefore, that, from the original "formless and passionless"Being was derived the existent universe under the name of

Brahma, or, rather, that the universe formed by or from him contained the two great dominating elements controlled by Vishnu as the Preserver and by Shiva as the Destroyer. To this day,

however, there are the rival sects in India of the Vaishnavas, or worshippers of Vishnu as the Supreme Being, and of the Shaivas.

or worshippers of the supreme Shiva.

In fact, as the science of comparative religion seems to affirm, there are, historically speaking, two distinct eras or layers

988 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of thought upon matters connected with the Creation. The first

is the mythological, in which vague fables of the "first generation of gods"is relied upon to stop the questionings of the curious, just as the fantastic stories usually given in treatises on "mythology"were supposed to account for certain local sanctities or certain forms of religious observance. The second is the philosophical, which, in general, takes the data of popular religious conceptions and reduces them to a formal system. Tb/is, the deities

of the older pantheons were very generally "spiritualized"into simple "hypostases"of supposed ultimate energies and existences.

From such a tendency we have the famous "Hymn to Zeus"written by Kleanthes, and containing the passage, "We are also his offspring", quoted by St. Paul at Athens (Acts xvii). Similarly, also, the famous "Chaldean account of Genesis"first

brought to light by the late George Smith, has been placed by some competent scholars in precisely the same category. On this

point Prof. Sayce writes

"It [the Babylonian creation story] was an attempt to throw together in poetic form the cosmological doctrines of the chief Assyrian and Babylonian schools and combine them into a connected story. But the attempt breathes so thoroughly the air of a later

philosophy which has reduced the deities of earlier belief to mere abstractions and forces of nature, that I much doubt whether it can be assigned to an earlier date than the seventh century B. C. The materials incorporated into it are doubtless ancient, but the treatment of

them seems to presuppose an age of rationalism rather than an age of faith."—-The Higher Criticism and the Monuments, p. 62.

Now, in this point the Book of Genesis takes a complete departure from the methods of all other ancient peoples and religions. It begins with an account of the creation which is at once

singularly free from the fantastic elements so conspicuous in ancient mythological "cosmogonies", as well as from the equally fantastic refinements of mere speculative or philosophical formulations. It avoids all these unsatisfacory and inconclusive elements

by postulating, at the start, an Infinite and Supreme Being, who, under the name or title Elohim, manifests His power by commanding the "earth without form and empty"to assume the form and "fulness"which He had determined that it should manifest.

This Creation Story, in fact, manifests the simple directness of the ancient storyteller, in its freedom from all cumbrous "literary embellishments", while, in its broad and unassailable statements, it reveals an origin other than that from which came the speculative formulations of the "philosophers". It is quite as reasonable

see in the standpoint of literary criticism—to—sneaking from

such an account as this the "original form"of the story, later "embellished", amplified, "improved"and corrupted into the versions found on Babylonian brick tablets, as to assume that it is merely

THE "HIGHER CRITICISM"989

aii "expurgated edition"of some such accounts, as sundry alleged "critics"confidently assert.

More than this, our conclusion that the account in Genesis may with perfect propriety be considered the true "original version"is in perfect accord with the facts claimed in the whole of the earlier history contained in Genesis. It is also in accord with

the facts known about religion in ancient times—not merely as

supposed by "scholars"having special theories to defend. It

begins with an account of the doings of the Infinite Creator in the depths of eternity, but, so soon as He has created the world and man in it, He becomes the Lord or Master to his creatures, with whom he speaks even as a man to men. The Infinite Creator is,

in fact, identified at once with the God known, as stated, to

Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, under the title El Shaddai, "God Almighty", and to Moses as Jehovah, "He who is". This is the

reason why the name Jehovah is coupled with the title Elohim in the second and third chapters of Genesis. This coupling of the

names is intended to dispose at once of all suspicion that any other "god"could possibly be identified with the Elohim of the

Creation.

In making this statement thus confidently we are bound by no theory as to when, or bv whom, the name Jehovah was first inserted in the second and third chapters. It is perfectly evident

from the historical point of view that this name should appear there, in order to eliminate the claims in behalf of any of the "gods many and lords many"as against those of Adonai Jehovah.

There was no claim, to be sure, that any of these "other gods"was the Infinite One, but the claim is made from the start for Jehovah. In the words of the 86th Psalm, "among the gods there

is none like unto thee, O Lord". But, as recorded, Adam and Eve

indeed, they clearly thefailed to remember—if, understood—that

God who walked in the Garden and talked with them was immeasurably exalted above all earthly beings. So, also, as the result of

defective understanding, the Israelites of all times, as recorded in later books, failed to remember that the Baalim, and other "lords", were essentially different orders of beings from the Lord

God of the Hebrews, and fell easily into the current habit of all peoples of their times of seeking the help of "strange gods", local deities, who, as asserted, inhabited the land which they had conquered. This is the reason why the name Jehovah appears with

Elohim after the first chapter. And it is a reason consistent with

the history of the earlier books of the Bible.

(The conclusion of this article will follow in the October

Era.) "'MormonismV Message to the World"

Concluded from page 894.

At Chattanooga, Term., a special conference was held on

May 29, 1916. The Daily Times of May 30 published an extended report of the proceedings, embodying the following:

An audience that completely filled the assembly rooms at the "Mormon"Mission house, in this city, gathered on Monday evening on the occasion of a special convention of the Tennessee conference. Chattanooga is the headquarters of the Southern States Mission, which embraces ten states and comprises a membership of over

twenty thousand souls. The mission house is at 711 Fairview avenue

and is in charge of President Charles A. Callis, who, with his family,

has made it his home during his presidency, which has already extended through more than a decade.

The mission is particularly interested at present in the visit of

Dr. James E. Talmage, of Salt Lake City, who is one of the general

authorities of the "Mormon"Church, he being a member of the council of apostles. Aside from his high official position in the Church

and his reputation as an author of several large works on theoloical subjects, Dr. Talmage is a man of recognized standing in the

scientific world. For many years he served the University of Utah

as its president and professor of geology, and he holds the distinction of life fellowship in many learned societies, among which are the geological societies of England and America, the Philosophical Society of Great Britain, and the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He is

a graduate of Lehigh University, and has received the honorary decorate of that institution. *****

President Callis and Dr. Talmage reached Chattanooga yesterday

after a tour of official visitation to several conferences in the Southern

States Mission. Both speak with great satisfaction of the steady and

stable growth of the liberality and hospitality with which their missionaries are received throughout this region. The two gentlemen

have recently addressed large assemblies in Greenville, S. C, where

they dedicated a new brick church, in Atlanta, Ga., in Douglas, Ga.,

where a large country conference has just been held, and in Jacksonville, Fla.

"The Southern people,"said President Callis, "realize that "Mormon"missionary service is a labor of love. Our elders, as well as

the missionary sisters, are sent out without salary; they bear their own

expenses; no admission fees are charged at any of our meetings, and

no collections are taken up. The missionaries serve for indefinite and

varied terms, but the usual period of individual service is from two to three years. We have already built several fine churches in this

mission, and others are in course of construction and in prospect."

Dr. Talmage's address last night was entitled "'Mormonism's'

Message to the World". In the eloquent simpicity of plain statement

and forceful diction he summarized the distinguishing features of "Mormonism". He said in part:

"'MORMONISM'S'MESSAGE TO THE WORLD"991

"'Mormonism'is the embodiment of the Gospel of Jesus Christ as taught by the Master and His apostles in ancient times. We hold

that Jesus\ Christ is the one and only Redeemer of mankind and

Savior of the race, and that to this divine mission of supreme import

He was called and ordained in the councils of heaven before the beginning of human history. 'Mormonism'accepts literally the scriptural record of the Savior's life and ministry in the flesh, and proclaims His eternal godship.

"'Mormonism'affirms the free agency of man, the divine birthright to which the human race is heir, and that, having the right to elect or reject, man is held individually accountable for his acts.

We do not believe that any man but Adam shall be punished for

Adam's transgression. The fall of man was forseen, and in divine

plan provision was made for ameliorating the; results thereof, and

fcr turning seeming evil into actual and eternal good. That provision was the atonement wrought by Jesus Christ, whereby redemption from death is assured, and salvation is provided for all who will

comply with the prescribed terms of obediene to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel. The evident operation of the law of heredity

is admitted; but we hold that whatever disadvantage may come to

man through inherited tendencies, whatever handicap he may be placed under, shall all be taken into just consideration in the summing up of his life's account.

Dr. James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, with C. A. Callis,

President Southern States Mission, on the right, and traveling elders and missionary sisters, present at the dedication of the Greenville, S. C, church, May 21, 1916:

Front row, left to right: Streeter Wallace, G. L. Hart, H. P. Workman, Dr. James

E. Talmage, President Chas. A. Callis, Sister Grace E. Callis, Sister Eph. Larson, Eph.

Larson. Second row: J. H. Leavitt, President Jno. J. Sarbach, Sister Ivey Enckson,

R. C. Carter, R. A. Nash, Sister Clara Peterson, G. A. Thorup, L. L. Culhmore, W. L.

Sagers (North Carolina conference). Third row: A. Jarvis, Sister Pearl Hamilton,

C. O. Hamilton (Georgia conference), M. G. Larscn, C. R. Thorne, W. Hurst, L. A.

Green and M. D. Perry (North Carolina conference). Fourth row: Willard Smith,

H. E. McNiell, Glen G. Smith, G. A. Dewsnup (North Carolina conference).

992 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"'M.ormonism'aftirms the principle of liberty in worship, but

goes not to the extreme of saying that any religious system is as good as any other, or that divers churches with antagonistic creeds can each or all together be the Church of Christ. The authority of

t lie holy priesthood, which is after the order of the Son of God, is an indispensable investiture of the Church of Jesus Christ, and this authority, we aver, is now operative upon the earth, it having been restored by direct dispensation from the heavens, following the long night of the great apostasy. That there would be a general

falling away from the faith was predicted by the apostles of old, and it is made plain that this defection had begun during the apostolic period. A restoration of power and authority from God, a new

dispensation of the Gospe'became essential to the reestablishment of the Church.

"'Mormonism'declares to the world that the current age is the period of the last days spoken of in the scripture, constituting the dispensation of the fulness of times; and that in these times has been

realized the visionprophecy of John the Revelator, relating to the angel of the last days who should come to earth, bringing the everlasting Gospel to preach to all nations. *****

"The true name of the restored church is the Church of Jesus

Christ of Laterday Saints. We are called "Mormons", but the appelation is a misnomer, and came into use through popular interest in

the Book of Mormon, which is a scriptural volume containing the secular and religious history of the aboriginal peoplesi who dwelt upon the western continent, and of whom the American Indians are the degenerate posterity. The Book of Mormon in no sense substitutes the Holy Bible in our estimation, but it stands before the world

as an independent record.

"A proclamation of the greatest import, embodied in the message of 'Mormonism'* to the world, is that relating to the second advent of the Christ. 'Mormonism'teaches that the great event,

which shall be known as the consummation of the ages, is very near at hand. The conditions specified by the Savior as signs of the imminence of his coming are rapidly maturing. The great world war

now in progress is one of the most portentous. It was forseen and

foretold. The mission of the Church is to teach the doctrine of

preparedness, that the earth and its people may be ready to receive the King of kings, who shall come to inaugurate the millennial reign of peace."In its issue of May 31 the Chattanooga Nezvs printed the following:

Dr. James E. Talmage, of Salt Lake City, former president of

the University of Utah and now one of the general authorities of the "Mormon"Church, was the principal sneaker at the convent:on

of the officers and members of the East Tennessee district of the

Church, held Monday in the chapel at mission headquarters. During

the last two weeks, accompanied by President Charles A. Callis of the

Southern States Mission, the church dignitary has been attending and delivering sermons at conventions held in Greenville, S. C. Jacksonville, Fla., Douglas and Atlanta, Ga., and Chattanooga, Tenn. At

Greenville, S. C, Dr. Talmage dedicated a handsome brick church.

Before the noted lecturer and author left for Kansas City a \ r eivs reporter secured an interview with him. "What is the situation of your people in Mexico?"was the first question, to which

I ">r. Talmage replied as follows:

"When the president of the United States wisely advised the "'MORMONISM'S'MESSAGE TO THE WORLD"993

Americans residing in Mexico to leave that unhappy country for the purpose of escaping the perils of the fierce revolutionary warfare raging there, the First Presidency of the 'Mormon'Church counseled the members who had settled in Mexico to followthe President's counsel. In every case, where it was possible, the members

of the Church came across the border, leaving millions of dollar's worth of property, represented in houses, farms, horses and cattle.

When peace seemed about to smile upon that revolutionrent country a number of the 'Mormon'settlers returned to their homes. The

majority of them, however, are farming and building new homes in the border states."

When asked concerning the much discussed cooperative mercantile system in Utah, Dr. Talmage said: "In 1868, President Brigham Young, the noted pioneer, colonizer and leader, organized Zion's

Cooperative Mercantile Institution, the regulation of trade for the benefit of the people of Utah being the chief purpose of its organization. Non-'Mormons'are among its stockholders. At that time

the merchandise was brought into the desert colony by caravans of 'prairie schooners'and it was sold as fast as it could be put out.

To protect the people against exhorbitant prices the big mercantile institution was established. Scattered over the state and owned by

the people, irrespective of creed, there are more than a hundred similar though smaller organizations."

"'Mormonism'", said the distinguished churchman, "lives and thrives because within it are the elements of thrift and the forces of life. It embraces a boundless liberality of belief and practice.

True toleration is one of its essential features. It makes love for

mankind second only to love for Deity. Its creed provides for the

protection of all men in their rights of worship according to the dictates of conscience. It contemplates a millennium of peace, when

every man shall love his neighbor and respect his neighbor's opinion as he regards himself and his own—a day when the voice of the

people shall be in unison with the voice of God. The philosophy of

'Mormonism'rests on the literal acceptance of a living, personal God, and the unreserved compliance with his law as from the time revealed."

Elder Talmage next visited the Central States Mission, and in company with President Samuel O. Bennion, held meetings

at Independence, Mo., on June 1, and at St. Louis, Mo., on

Sunday June 4. The good effects of the devoted and efficient

labors of President Bennion were abundantly manifest.

I know this, that the Latterday Saints, as a people, will have to give more attention to the cause of international arbitration than they have done, if they want to prepare themselves and the world for the coming of the Lord. According to the Doctrine and Covenants (Sec.

105:39), it is the mission of the Church to "lift up an ensign of peace,

and make a proclamation of peace unto the ends of the earth;"and

when the New Jerusalem is established it will be "a land of peace, a city of refuge, a place of safety;"in fact, a place of gathering for all

nations (Sec. 45:6669). It is a great question whether we realize

fully the great mission our Lord and Savior lias given His people in this age, before His M. Sjort.wir.. coming.—J.

The Seer

BY H. R. MERRILL

The lad looked like a mournful specimen of the owl family, as he sat perched upon the top of the old brush fence which led along the road from the dugway to the bottom of the lane, and then dipped suddenly into the willows of the creek bottom, just below the place where he sat. His head was covered with an

old and muchworn felt hat that rose like a parrot's topknot above the brown curls which, refusing to be imprisoned by the ragged brim, stuck out upon both sides of his head, like the ears of the feathered Solomon. His shirt was torn in many places, giving

to his back and arms the appearance of a ragged, half molted bird.

His "overhalls,"as he called them, were held in place, approximately, by an old string of a suspender that was run through a hole in their top and fastened by a wood toggle. His feet were

bare, their tanned surfaces mutely testifying that days had passed since a shoe of any kind had incased them.

As the boy sat there in the early morning sunshine, sorrow spoke in his sparsely freckled face. His elbows rested on his

knees, his chin in his hands, as he gazed morosely down the street to where a faint film of dust arose from the shade of the large cottonwoods, at the bend of the road, and floated slowly into the sunlight, showing that some vehicle had recently passed that way. A large tear rolled down the boy's cheek and dropped

from his set jaw on to his stubbed toe, unnoticed.

It was a glorious morning, but Aurora had spread wHe her purple vestures in vain, and her pearl and amber ships had sailed out of the gates of the dawn unheeded. Even fiery Helios, as he

rose above the blue, shadowy mountains, had failed to elicit one appreciative glance or sigh. The boy was absolutely unconscious of everything save yonder gradually vanishing film of dust

and the rattle of a distant wagon.

At last the faint chuckle of the wheels faded from his consciousness as fades a wisp of smoke from the sight of a hunter, in the clear atmosphere of the mountains. The boy was

alone with his thoughts. Even the faint sheen of dust had passed

into the orchard north of the road and was gone, leaving the tiny balls of fiving cotton to play alone in the shade of the loftv cottonwoods. The silence accentuated the roar of the river, which

This story won first place in the Era story contest for June.

THE SEER 995

came to him in great throbs like the heart beat of some powerful animal; the feline purr of the little stream at his feet added a

lonesome note to his colossal loneliness.

Suddenly the boy felt, rather than heard, a new sound creeping into the noisy silence which followed the recedingchuckle a chugging, wheezing sound which he did not recognize immediately, but which made his eyes open wide and his bare foot move from its perch on a dry willow that protruded from the side of the fence; when, just as he was about to flap on the groiid, a

great, animated, glistening monster glided around the cottonwoods, moved on across the bridge, and stopped with a cough in front of him.

"Hello,"the driver called to the boy, as he set his levers, ''could you direct me to the Morehead ranch?"

"Yes, sir,"the boy managed to say, as he leaped from his perch on the fence, and walked timidly and hesitatingly over to the shining car.

A smile of amusement flickered over the driver's face as he note 1 the roving, ouestionine, blue eyes as they glanced from point to point of the magnificent machine.

"How far is it to Morehead's ranch?"

"'Bout a mile;"but the lad's eyes never left the palpitating,

all but breathing, wonder.

"Could you spare time enough to come and show me just where the ranch is?"the man asked, for the interest and intelligence manifest in the boy's face touched a responsive chord in

this man's heart. "I am afraid I mieht miss the road."

"You can't miss it,"the lad replied. Then he glanced up

into the man's sympathetic face. "Why, anybodv could find the

Morehead ranch. It's just on the other side of Sheep Creek."

"But I don't know where Sheep Creek is. Wouldn't vou like

to come, anyway? I'll be back in a very short time. Will your

folks care? I'll tell you, run and ask them!"

The wonder left the lad's eyes for a moment, as he dug his uninjured toe into the dust of the road.

"Folks ain't home,"he answered sullenly.

"Would thev care?"

"Naw, they've gone to the circus, and won't he back till after dark. Thev ain't a carin', what becomes of me."

"Jump in, then,"the man invited, "I'll give you a ride."

With throbbing heart and glistening eyes the bov stepped on to the trembling footboard and entered the open door of the car. Few automobiles had he ever seen; that he would one day

have the opportunity to ride in one had never occurred to him.

He seated himself gingerly upon the expensive leather cushion, looking more than ever like a half frightened owl on the point of taking flight. The man increased the supply of gasoline

and let the clutch into place. The machine smarted off with an

996 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ever increasing speed, the boy grimly holding to the dilapidated hat with one hand and to the arm of the seat with the other.

The car took the grade of the dugway with ease and rounded

the curve on to the bench above at a good rate of speed. As th

fuller view of the canyon burst upon the driver's vision, an involuntary ejaculation of delight escaped his lips.

"love, what a view! Sonny, have you always lived up

here?"Yes, sir."The boy could scarcely speak, so great was his awe of the marvelous creation of man that was carrying him so swiftly and easily along.

"It would be great to live here! Just think of rising with th

sun in an atmosphere like this where everv breath would be worth more to the system than a gallon of cod liver oil. Were you sorry

"Yes, sir,"came the trembling reply.

"Do you know, sonny, that every member of the circus would give a great deal to spend a day here in the hills away from the heat and the dust? See how the shadows lie along the mountain side in a vain endeavor to avoid the rays of the all conquering sun. They are like some people, they cannot live in the

light."'The man turned and looked at the lad whose tangled hair was streaming in the wind which was created by the speed of the car.

His old hat was clutched in a brown hand, his eves were glistening, his cheeks were aglow, his lips were slightly parted—every

feature was alive with delight.

"How do you like it, sonny?"

"Oh, it's fine!"the lad breathed, emphatically.

"Better than riding a horse?"

"Yes, sir."

"Better than coasting?"

"Yep, better'n anything!"

"Are we not about to the ranch?"

The lad glanced hurriedly aside at the fleeing landscape.

"Stop her! Stop her!"He shouted, excitedly. "We've

passed it; I plumb forgot!"

The man brought the car to a stop. His eyes were glistening,

too. He knew they had passed the ranch, for the speedometer

had registered two and a half miles since he took his little guide into the car. but his delight at the bov's unalloyed pleasure had

led him to forget, for the time being, his destination.

"Gosh, we're clean tip past Frank Taylor's. My, we must

1 a come some! I'm sorry, but I plumb forgot."The boy looke

humiliated.

"We'll get back, all right,"the man replied as he reversed his engine in order to make the turn.

THE SEER 997

"Gee whiz, can she go backwards, too!"the boy exclaimed.

"Yon bet. Now we're all right. Where is the place?"

As the car swung into the road, the boy pointed to a grove of quaking aspens and willows which crossed the street some distance away.

"That's Sheep Creek; that house back in the field there is

Morehead's house."

The car soon drew up beside the long, half log, half frame house, and while the driver talked to the man who answered his knock, the boy examined the car's wonderful parts. He was in a

new world. All previous experiences had become a mere blur in

the distant past.

The motorist soon got the information he sought from lb ranchman, and after a casual hand shake, returned to the waiting car.

"Sonny, we'll be back to your place in a jiffy,"he said as he sprang into the seat beneath the steering wheel. "We'll scorch

the road on our way back."

Levers were pulled, brakes were loosened, and soon they were on their way, the wind sounding like a hurricane in their ears.

The boy had recovered from his first timidity and was enjoying the ride with every fiber of his alert being.

"How's this for a circus?"the man asked as they sped

along. "It can't be beat!"the lad answered, joyously.

1 coasted They went down the dug way at a great pace an along the lane to the bridge over the little creek. The driver

stopped the car and the boy jumped out. The man held out a

shining 1 half dollar.

"Thank you for showing me the wav."he said. "T am sure

I should have missed the place had you not gone with me."

"'Twasn't nothin',"the boy replied. "I don't want no pav

for that."a wise man. The man pressed the matter no further—he was

a man from whose life the "morning glow"had not entirely died away. "Thank you, mv boy, for the aid you have given me. Goodbye."

He withdrew his black, gauntlet glove and held his slim.

white band out for a parting shake.

"I hope we'll meet again some dav."

The bov grasped the outstretched hand timidly.

"Some day vou'll own an automobile."the man continued as

he looked into the tanned and freckled face, "won't von?"

"Yes sir,"the boy replied heartily, without a moment's hesitation.

"That's right, sonny, in this life we may have almost anything in the world we want if we start after it soon enough and go the

998 IMPROVEMENT ERA

right way. Sometimes it takes one generation sometimes ten

but sometimes a man can do a lot in a life time. Our childhood

dreams can grow into realities; but they must grow and we must

is the most wonderful thing in the world. Do vongrow—growth

see that little sprout right there? That is a babv tree. It desires

to become a big tree like its parent with cotton clusters hanging to its branches. It can't become great today, but. it will keep plugging away. Today it will send its roots a little farther into the

soil; tomorrow it will add a little to its height: trrm some morning when it has grown and grown it will find itself with the cotr1 a and ton buds bursting on its branches. Remember it crows to

will grow tomorrow and the next day and the next for years.

You may have the auto if you want it badly enough to keep plugging away like that little tree is going to do. Goodbye, my boy.

Keep vour eye on that little tree."

He gave his selfstarter a jerk, opened the gasoline feed, let the clutch into place. The splendid machine answered to its master's touch and moved away with an ever accelerating motion. As

he was rounding the curve bv the cottonwoods the man looked back and waved his hand to the lad who was still standing in the road, following with his great, hungry eves the glistening machine.

'After the auto had vanished the bov climbed uoon the ol brush fence where he sat perched like a frowsy specimen of th feathered kingdom. His elbows were on his knees, his chin wa

in his hands, his eyes were fixed upon an ethereal film nf ductthat shimmered in the sunshine after it passed from the shaV r>f the big cottonwoods bv the bend. But now there was no tear to

drop from the more firmly set jaw. In the blue eves was the

dreamv light of prophecy. Thev looked not at the dust but

through it at the wonderful mirage that apoeaed before his thirsty soul. In that vision the lad saw a""own the vears to the

time when he should be a man full grown; a man with gauntlet

gloves steering a magnificent, deepred car. A smile lit up his

freckled face as he glanced up at the summer skv. Suddenly a

mantle, a veil as it were, was removed from his eyes and he saw cool blue his wonderful world as he had never seen it before,—the

mountains with the pines crowding along their summits, the trees, the crystal water, and from the orchard close by came the robins'riping song of summer, sprinkled with the fragrance of ripening fruit.

The lad leaped to the ground in an ecstasy of delight; in his

ideal had eyes was the light of conquest. A great purpose, a new

come into his life. He would be master of something some day.

The thirst for power had entered his soul. He ran in through

the gate to the back yard where he seized the ax and began the work his father had suggested that he do. As the blows fell his

merry whistle rivaled the robins'tone. He was recreated; born

again.

PRESTON, IDAHO.

Victims Three

BY D. W. CUMMINGS

The secondhand store was ugly, as second stores always have been. The building of which it was a paft was a huge

brick box, uniquely hideous. Across the front, hung on pegs or

wires, were a bear skin, a pair of socks, a mandolin, tools, hunting bags, boots, in fact, every sort of thing, strung in unlovely disarray. Through the yawning door, I caught glimpses of tables

covered with, bedding, harness, books or shoes, with the shadowy outline of gaunt, oldfashioned furniture in the rear.

I entered and fingered the books on a table. But for once

they failed to attract me. Dark crannies, scores of them, caught

my attention with a strange lure. I found no volume that interested me, and yet I lingered. There seemed to have come to me

out of the cool, heavy gloom, a promise of curious adventure.

Presently the door darkened. I glanced up. A ragged,

shiftyeyed man had entered. He approached Jepson, the grizzled proprietor, who sat behind the counter, and began mumbling.

A sharp, impatient bark from Jepson clarified his speech enough that I caught his message. He wished to borrow a wrench for

a lady whose baby carriage had broken down just around the corner.

Jepson wavered a moment. Then, with a reluctant kindness, he picked up a wrench and tendered it. The man took it

with an uncertain grasp, but with a strange elation. Jepson eyed

him suspiciously, but did not recall the wrench, and the man slouched out of the doorway and was gone.

"I shall see it I heard Jepson growl. And T aeain—maybe,"

resumed my absent fingering of the books.

Only a few moments later another man entered. He was

slim, threadbare, with a cold eve, and a face set hard in a frown.

He planted himself insolently in front of Jepson, with a kind of shamed desperation.

"I want some 'relievers,'"he said surlily.

Jepson nonchalantly came from behind the counter and appioached a table of shoes.

"What size?"he asked brief! v.

"Sevens."As he answered, the man sat down on a box. He surprised

trie bv undoing his shoes, which were in excellent condition, and

1000 IMPROVEMENT ERA

taking tlicm off. When he had done so, Jepson handed him a

a dollar, huh?"said Jepson.pair of"Them—andrather shabby ones.

"Yep,"replied the man.

With that he handed over his good shoes, took a dollar from

Jcpson's hand, and without a word departed.

That was a new stress of life to me. What desperate urge

could make a man fairly sell the shoes from his feet? Again there

seized me a foreboding of queer events.

The door darkened a third time. This man, though, entered

nervously, as if about to do a strange thing and fearful of how it would be received. But destitution drove him forward, as

it had done the others. Holding his hand behind him, he approached Jepson.

"What'll yuh gimme fer this?"

And then, with a jerk, he proffered the thing he had held behind him. I caught my breath in amazement. Dangling from

a strap in his hand was a halflength, wooden leg!

I turned and looked at Jepson. The act seemed to transcend

even his experience. Finally, with a queer smile, he answered

"One dollar!"

I knew by his tone that he was buying a curio rather than an article for reselling. The man handed him the dented, chipped

limb, snatched the proffered coin, and hastily sped away.

We were both astounded. I asked Jepson where he thought

the man had secured the artificial limb. Jepson did not know.

From some dead friend, he guessed. A queer thing to profit by,

I remarked dubiously. Yes, but the people he dealt with did

queer things.

Thus we talked, rather at intervals than steadily, for perhaps ten minutes. Then a series of strange sounds from the sidewalkcaught our attention. We both strode to the door and looked out.

I marvel now at the ludicrousness of what we saw. Two

shabby men, blearyeyed and unsteady, supported between them a third, whose leg had been amputated at the knee! The cripple

matched their dissolute appearance. He came grumblingly forward, like one who knows that at his destination there will be

cause for anger. At sight of Jepson, he stopped and snarled

"What did that feller git for my leg?"

"One dollar."

The reply evidently disconcerted him. He exchanged glances

with his two aids.

"That's what he said, ain't it?"

The two nodded. The man hesitated, glaring at Jepson.

Then a sudden thought struck him "Back we go!"he cried, wheeling around, "Tt'U all be gone

in a minute! Come on!"

VICTIMS THREE 1001

Still staggering, his two assistants took fresh holds and started him jerkily down the street. Their twisting, wobbly pace

- -it was horribly grotesque I glanced at Jepson. He was looking shrewdly at me.

"You note my wrench has not returned. Let us go find it.

We may see other interesting things."

I followed, deeply intrigued. He walked swiftly down the

biock, turned the corner and made directly for a saloon a few doors down. I was close upon his heels. He swung open the

cloor, strode in, and swept the foulsmelling place with his eye.

"I knew it!"he exclaimed.

I looked over his shoulder. At the bar stood the man of the

relievers, his face flushed to a burning red. Off in a corner,

slinking behind a cask in a wreched attempt to hide, huddled the miserable wrenchborrower. At a table in the center, slouched

forward between his two human crutches, and glowering brutishly at a flask of whiskey held tight in his two hands, sat the late owner of the wooden leg

Mother's Eyes

Back 'long the vista of life's varied past 'Mong the fond mem'ries that linger and last,

Treasured and dear of the things that I prize,

Shines the beautiful lovelight of dear Mother's eyes.

Lovelight and truthlight, O Mother, so wise,

Let me ever abide in the light of your eyes!

In infancy, childhood, youth, manhood all through

The course of my life that light has held true,

A haven of refuge, a pure beacon light,

Strengthening 'gainst evil, guiding aright.

O Father in heav'n, if Thou'lt grant what I prize,

Keep me true in the light of dear Mother's eyes.

Though closed once in death, I know that in love,

Still earnestly mindful, they watch from above.

Sweet, angelic guardians, serene may you be

In fervent approval, forever, of me.

O lovelight, O truthlight, in angelic guise,

Shine always upon me from dear Mother's eyes!

T. C. Hoyt.

OGDEN, UTAH.

Humor

BY NEPHI JENSEN

Before mc is a picture from a recent number of Life. In

the background is a door above which appears the words, "Stage

Entrance."To the left of the door is a representation of a

modernGirl."—"Fourthballet dancer,Season."at whoseJust feetin frontare theof thewords,door,"Theand Gigglywalking from it, is a girl on whose dress is printed the words, "The

Drama."As she walks away, Miss Drama looks askance at

Shakespeare who stands near the entrance with bowed head, and disappointment written on his features. At the foot of the

picture is printed the words, "Lovers once, but strangers now."

The theatrical managers of today are attempting, with the aid of their patrons, to make life a narrow stage completely occupied by a giddy, giggling ballet dancer, and completely surrounded by a limitless ocean of giggles. Mantell, who yesterday

charmed people of fine taste with his artistic interpretation of

Shakespeare, has been driven from behind the footlights by the laughing mob, and Chaplin, the archbuffoon, has taken his place at ten thousand a week.

That this almost universal striving to find heartease in empty frivolity should be regarded, by those who have the mania, as evidence of increasing appreciation of humor, is full warrant for asking anew the old question, "What is a sense of humor?"

Thackeray, who was a keen delineator of human character, said, "Humor is a mixture of love and wit."In genuine humor

there is always a blending of something so true and real that it inspires an appreciation akin to love. Humor is truth in a

witty setting. But the modern funmakers are giving us the setting without the gem. They are making us laugh at the true instead of with the true. Were it not for those among us of deeper

natures, who do not join with the giddy in splitting their sides at the sight of one clown throwing a bucket of slop on the head of another, the memory of Shelley's line would be forgotten: "Our

sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought,"and also

Solomon's conclusion, "Mourning is better than laughter."

Genuine humor imparts a pleasure deeper than mirth. When

the Dutch farm hand says to his employer, "Better I throw the cow mid the fence some hay over,"the employer does not laugh, because the language of the Dutchman is not only witty, in that it is deformed, but it also expresses a resolution to perform a

HUMOR 1003

duty. Just as the farmer is about to laugh at the peculiarities in

the Dutchman's grammar, the sense of appreciation of the Dutchman's dutiful intention mingles with the farmer's inward mirth and turns it into something deeper than laugther. If the Dutchman's sentence were spoken on the stage it would be pure wit. It

would not contain a grain of truth, and hence would not be humor.

Lowell's definition, "Humor is a perception of the incongruous,"is strikingly illustrated by a sentence in a boy's prayer.

Lamar, a ruddy fouryear-old boy, was the chum and neighbor of Paul, another fouryear-old. Lamar's folks moved, and a family by the name of Wilson moved into the house which had been

occupied by Lamar's folks. In the Wilson family there were so

many children that Paul did not learn all their names the day they came to be his neighbors. That night Paul included the newcomers in his evening prayer: "Bless Mar and them kids over to

Mar's house,"and thus furnished us with an almost perfect specimen of humor. The word "kids"blends an element of the foolish with the sanctity of prayer, and gives us a sense of incongruity. If a person devoid of appreciation of the sacred beauty in

prayer had heard the boy's petition he would have laughed an empty laugh. If a sanctimonious literalist had heard the same

petition, he would have frowned his indignation. But if a person with a genuine sense of humor should hear such a prayer,

he would neither smile nor frown. At about the time the sense

of the ludicrous reached his funny bone, the feeling of sanctity that prayer brings would overtake the ludicrous, and turn it into something deeper and truer than laughter.

"Truth against truth,"says Hegel, "is the only perfect tragedy."There is nothing more nearly akin to this "perfect tragedy"

than the ceaseless, vain, abortive human striving for joy in empty things. The genuine sadness born of a profound concern about

life and its terrors is* the other and deeper half of humor. Laughter is the foam that merrily dances upon the crest of the wave.

Sadness is the fathomless ocean beneath. Only those who see and

feel the serious side of things really have a genuine appreciation of the funny side. Men of genuine humor are slow to laughter.

Abraham Lincoln, farfamed as a humorous man, was deeply serious. The solemn, rugged realities of life were the chief burden of

his brain; and the keen consciousness of human woe and suffering

stirred his tender heart to its great depths. That he could "laugh

at himself and cry about others,"is the most perfect tribute to his character. His nature was such a perfect "blending of mirth and

sadness"that he would and did laugh at the right time and weep at the right time. That is perfect humor. Joy is as close to sadness as the sour is to the sweet in the orange.

A young man with decided political aspirations, armed with 1004 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a recommendation from President Lincoln, sought from Secretary of War Stanton a place in the Department of War. Stanton was

not favorably impressed with the political aspirant. But the young

man argued his cause by reminding Stanton of Lincoln's recommendation. "Lincoln is a fool,"shouted Stanton, as he peremptorily dismissed the young man. The applicant, very much ruffled, hastily returned to Lincoln and told him what Stanton had

said.

Lincoln asked gently, "Did Stanton say that?"

"He certainly did,"replied the young man.

"Well,"said the President, "it must be so, because Stanton generally tells the truth."

Only a man of the most profound sense of his own limitations could make such a remark about himself. The incident

strikingly illustrates the deeper meaning of the plain and oftrepeated phrase, "a sense of humor,"which is a deep consciousness of one's own faults. "A contrite heart,"is the Bible phrase

for the same thing. In this age of giggles it is a rare thing to

find a person who knows that deep truth, that the divine invitation to contriteness of heart, is really an invitation to gladness and sanity of soul. In the contrite soul the serious regret for the imperfect, ever and ever, is turning into the gladsome consciousness of everincreasing perfection. This is genuine joy. It is

also perfect humor.

The presentday abnormal striving to get away from the serious in the hope of finding contentment, is conclusive proof of the prevailing but mistaken notion that empty laughter is the token of joy. Sadness and joy are not at opposite poles. Only

he is abjectly miserable who can neither laugh nor weep. And

he who never weeps never really laughs. There never was a

laugh worth the name that did not have a tear in it. Carlini, the

great French comedian, who made all Paris laugh, became so melancholy that he consulted a medical expert in the hope of ridding his soul of despair. The doctor said, "Go and hear Carlini.""I am Carlini,"said the actor who made others laugh but

could not laugh himself. What does Carlini's experience teach?

The simple lesson that any abnormal or unnatural state of soul ends in misery. To give one's self up entirely to lightmindedness

is as abnormal and unproductive of joy as continued dolefulness.

The middle ground is the natural state. Where the deep, serious

consciousness of the need of growth and development is continually budding into the gladsome hope of achieving ever higher things, there is joy and life and spirit. There also is the perfect

humor, "the true pathos and sublime of life."

Perfect humor is the sanity of the soul. It is more. It hs

gladsome, rippling, spiritual life. But it abides not in the empty

heart. The gay know it not. Like truth, it loves the depths. It

HUMOR 1005

is an island in "the sea of ideas and emotions,"kissed by the sunshine of mirth, and washed by the waves of sadness. Just midway between the gay and the serious is the playground of the

soul. There also is true humor. But only those find this playground whose lives are so "true to the poles of nature that the

streams of truth roll through them in song."

A reference to Jesus Christ in an article about humor would lively provoke a smile. And yet, why should it? He was really

the "Perfect One,"and undoubtedly walked all the way through life in the majestic pose of a perfect mood of spirit. Hugo wrote,

"Jesus wept, and Voltair smiled;"and yet nothing of character

possessed by Voltair could add to Christ's disposition. If he did

not laugh, it was not because he was not conscious of. the pleasant side of things; it was because all his joys were so deep that

they could not speak! The fact that it is written of him, "Jesus

wept,"but not, "Jesus smiled,"is one of the striking proofs of his divinity, for, as Emerson says, "The highest natures do not jest."

Laughter is the mark of our indifferent recognition of the faulty.

Sadness is the proof that we not only recognize the faulty, but that we also have a serious desire to make the faulty perfect.

I saw a picture once of a woman who for sixty years had walked along life's pathway in the beauty and unoffending poise of sainthood. The picture made me think of Emerson's words,

"A cheerful, intelligent countenance is the end of culture."There

was light in the eyes and something lingering about the -mouth that was illusive. Looked at from one angle, it appeared to be a

smile. From another angle, there seemed to be a touch of sadness in it. What was it? The true humor that puts a serious

edge on mirth to make joy everlasting.

FOREST DALE, UTAH.

Perils of Thinking

A centipede was happy quite, Until a frog in fun Said, "Pray, which leg comes after which?"

This raised her mind to such a pitch,

She lay distracted in the ditch

Considering how to run. Anon.

of Education V The Meaning

BY E. G. PETERSON, A. M., PH. Dv PRESIDENT UTAH AGRICULTURAL

COLLEGE V—The Decay of the World

Civilization has at its heart a rottenness which seems to be slowly, cancerously, feeling its way into the whole tissue of our life. The unchaste pollute our streets and often sit in power in

our great offices. The sanctity of woman and of motherhood is in

too great measure a religion of the lips only. In the heart of the

world is a terrible hypocrisy and a terrible blasphemy regarding the one fundamental thing in life—procreation. The world's philosophy, the world's education, much of the

world's religion even, have been in measure mastered by this consuming sin of sex perversion. The subduing of the greatest

brute in man is not an accomplishment of our modern civilization.

What idealization of woman as a mother exists in the world exists more in spite of the world's philosophy and its education than because'of these. As a result of our complex social organization

we fight for sex standards largely because we know that such standards are necessary for the perpetuation of society. Man

volutarily has not adopted this standard.

Modern science and art have brought us together as we were never brought so intimately together in the world's history before.

Great cities have been built wherein is concentrated a large share of the world's business. Countless thousands are huddled into a

few small spots on the earth's surface. We have forsaken the

natural mode of life. In the cities we no longer, except in case

of the wealthy, have homes where children play in ample yards.

The work of the world is piecemeal. Division of labor has made

each of us the doer of only a stitch in the whole fabric of the work.

We ride to our tasks in electric cars or through the agency of gasoline engines. We ascend to offices in electric elevators, we

est with thousands of others in cafes. We have in short in our

cities become unnatural. And our bodies through long ages and

our minds and our instincts have been patterned for different things. Our minds and our bodies and instincts are adjusted by

nature for simpler living, for wholesome outdoor work, for walking to and from our tasks, for ample breathing space, and for simple foods.

THE MEANING OF EDUCATION 1007

Even those blessed by life in the open country feel constantly the touch of the world. The remote rancher reads today of

happenings at Verdun yesterday. The newspaper dropped by the

automobile carrier makes him aware of the day's business throughout the world. He eats food prepared and packed a

thousand miles away by hundreds of individuals he will never know. The fruits of the tropics are on his breakfast table. By

auto he is within a few minutes of the seat of his local government and by 'phone with all his state and even his nation. He

thinks nothing of sending his children hundreds of miles for schooling.

The world is socialized, knit together by the science and art of man into a close body, which tends to function as one organism.

As the world has become woven together in the complexity of modern life it has lost the old restraints which simple, isolated, quiet family life produced. As we have come together the weakness, the disease, the sin of each of us has been given opportunity

to spread until the twentieth century sees our civilization suffering from partial decay due to our inability to build our souls sufficiently strong to fight the decay which comes in part because of our density.

In the flower of our twentieth century the statistics of illegitimacy in the centers of our population, the statistics of disease related to tell the story of our decay. The time has sex—these

come in much of the world when no man and woman may know of a certainty that purity, absolute and undefiled, is in their home.

There may be a terrible question between father and son. To

be sure there are many clean men and many clean women—many

they are buried in the great accumuhundreds of thousands—but

lation of immorality of the world and their poor individual efforts at reform are inadequate. The disregard for the absolute in personal virtue has become marked. The social life of our great

colleges is permeated with it. Our small towns in many cases are

unspeakably coarse and vulgar and noticeably impure. This disregard is the result in part of our social complexitv which reduces responsibility. And not only reduces responsibility but puts

into operation many laws, not yet understood by our scholars, of such terrific power that individual motives and desires are often impossible of achievement if they run counter to these laws of our social being. Men and women, I believe, have higher and

better motives today than ever before. We understand today

much better than ever before the fundamental relationship of brotherhood and social dependence. The world in many ways is

getting better. Yet in spite of all this clarifying of our vision,

in spite of all our education and all our science and art, immorality 1008 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and unchastity, are today an overshadowing concern of all goverment and all human law.

Our schools and colleges must teach purity. If they teach

all else and leave this out they are a mockery. If they cannot

build strongly a devotion on the part of the young for cleanliness and virtue they had best not teach anything. Colleges must fight

immodesty in dress and manner, because immodesty is the first step toward actual immorality. They should not do this teaching

in a pedantic, perfunctory way. The wishywashy, lilywhite attitude will defeat the purpose in view. This teaching should be

wholesome, redblooded and practical. The manliness of cleanliness should be the dominant idea. The faculties in colleges

should be clean; the souls of the men and women who teach should

be irrevocably clean. A course of lectures on subjects of this

kind undoubtedly does some little good, but lectures cannot replace a religious devotion to the standards of morality. Only by

such devotion which finds expression in every act can the end be attained.

The religion which will save the world is the religion which among the first things faces this problem of sex squarely, which insists first of all upon clean men and clean women. Any religion which avoids this cannot endure. Anything of a permanent nature which is built here must be built upon personal

virtue. Any accomplishment if it is performed by men diseased

in body or soul will not survive. Any system of education deserving the'name must be based upon clean living and clean

thinking.

And let me repeat that this should ba done in straightforwardness, insisting always upon the strength of restraint in thought and act; the essential nobility of the man or woman who

is refined and self mastered. Scolding and maudlin sentimentality should find no place in our effort to make clean and strong

men and women. Virtue is robust; righteousness is strongarmed and confident.

LOGAN, UTAH.

"But life shall on and upward go;

The eternal step of Progress beats

To that great anthem, calm and slow,

Which God repeats.

God works in all things; all obey

His first propulsion from the night:

is gray Wake thou and watch—the world

With morning light."—Whittier.

Stories of Unwise Men

BY DR. FRANK S. HARRIS, DIRECTOR, UTAH AGRICULTURAL EXPERIMENT STATION

Once ppon a time there was a man journeying to a far country transporting the valuable accumulations of a lifetime in a wagon drawn by two beautiful horses. The wagon was the best

that cot.ld be purchased; the horses were well shod and in every

way prepared for the journey. The outfit needed to be well

equipped, for the load consisted of gold and silver and many precious things. At the outset, everything seemed favorable for

a successful journey and the traveler started off in high spirits.

One evening when he camped for the night, he found no wood at hand. Not wishing to be troubled to bring it from the

hills, he looked at his wagon and decided to use a spoke out of each of the wheels. This he did rather hesitatingly and the fire

was soon kindled. Passersby chided him for this act, at which

he assured them that the lack of this one spoke from each wheel would not injure the wagon and that he would never again cut wood from it.

The journey continued, other places were found where wood was scarce; other spokes were used. Pieces of wood were at

times cut from the wagon box, from the reach, and from the axle; each one probably doing but little injury to the wagon. A

piece of iron was needed and none being at hand a shoe was taken from one of the horses; 'soon another was removed, and

when leather was needed a harness was robbed.

The wagon finally began to give way and part of the treasures had to be left by the wayside. This continued, until as the

traveler came to the end of his journey, practically all of his valuables had been left behind; his wagon was completely dilapidated; his horses were footsore and emaciated; and he himself

was worn out, having been compelled to walk.

Those who saw him and knew his story said: "That man is

a fool.".

There was another man who started out on the journey of life. He was ambitious to succeed and everything seemed to be

in his favor. As he walked along he saw lying by the road a

heavy weight to; which were fastened a lock and chain. He

locked the chain around his waist and carried the weieht along,

Soon he met a friend who told him he was foolish for hindering his progress with so heavv a load and showed him that the lock was gradually rusting and that he soon would be unable to rid himself of the load; but the traveler said he would carry it only

a little way.

1010 IMPROVEMENT ERA

As he continued the journey, he found other weights. One

of these he locked around his neck; others were fastened to his

feet and still others to his hands. Always he expected to discard

the weights, but the time of doing it was delayed from day to day. Finally when he made up his mind to cast off the burdens,

he found that the keys had rusted in the locks and the chains could not be unfastened. In despair he continued the journey of

life weighted down so heavily that his progress was almost negligible. In time he sank completely under the load; his journeyings were no more.

The kind friends who cared for his mortal remains found one of the weights to be alcohol, another tobacco, another immorality, and another hypocrisy. With heavy hearts they laid him away

and said: "Surely this man has acted foolishly."

Just as these two men gradually began doing things that ultimately lead to their destruction, so every one is in peril, unless he is constantly on his guard, and unless he does everything possible to protect himself from the inroads of evil. At heart most

young people are right. They have a desire to do good rather

than evil, and they wish to live upright and noble lives. If they

fail, it is usually because they have thoughtlessly begun some practice that has been injurious, or they have been led astray by some temptation that has pulled them down.

The incomprehensible thing is that people who profess a high degree of civilization will countenance things that are known to be destroyers of human happiness and underminers of character.

A parent allowing a rattlesnake to remain unmolested among his playing children would be considered insane; yet society allows

evils equally venomous to persist "where they destroy its youth.

The cry of "personal liberty"has been raised to defeat reforms; but people are rapidly coming to see that a person should

not have the liberty to destroy his own life and happiness, especially since the welfare of society is closely tied up with the actions of individuals.

The condition is something like this: Each youth is beginning a the journey of life or the accomplishment journey—either

of some special task. The youth has high ideals and a great

desire to be successful. There are certain pitfalls—alcohol,

cigarettes, fall and be destroyed before etc.—into which he may

he is aware of their real danger. Notwithstanding the purity of

his desires, it is known that he is in great danger of falling into these pits. The youth's parents can cover up the pits and thus

give him a better opportunity to succeed.

The question is: "What is the duty of these parents?"And

yet, is it a question at all? Does not the way seem perfectly

clear?

LOGAN, UTAH The Greatness of Little Things

BY J. C. H0GENS0N, OF THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

We are all likely to feel that our lives should be made up of a few big things, instead of thousands of small things, but after all is said and done, the big things are always made up of little ones woven together.

A wise man said, "he that despiseth small things, shall fall little by little."It is a fixed law of the universe that little things

are but parts of the great. The grass does not spring up full

grown by eruptions; it rises by an increase so noiseless and

gentle as not to disturb an angel's ear, perhaps to be invisible to an angel's eye. The rain does not fall in masses, but in

drops, or even in the breathlike moisture of the finest mist. The

planets do not leap from end to end of their orbits, but inch by inch, and. line by line they circle the heavens. Intellect, felling,

habit, character, all become what they are through the influence of little things. And in morals and religion it is by little things,

by little influences acting on us, or seemingly little decisions made by us, that all of us are building the structures of our real selves. The influences of little things are as real and as constantly about us as the air we breathe, or the light by which we

see. These are the small, the often invisible, the almost unthought

of strands which are weaving and twisting by millions to bind our characters to good or evil. In the social side of life, it

is the same, the little seemingly unimportant things make us what we are.

In Proverbs 27:1718, we read: "As iron sharpeneth iron,

so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend, and as in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man."

We are naturally social beings. We unconsciously partake

of the influence of those who surround us. As individuals, we are

responsible not only for the words we speak, and the acts we perform, but also for the unseen influence which we have upon those with whom we come in contact.

Two pieces of steel rubbed together soon sharpen each other, whereas if they were moved separately, no sharpening would take place; so two human beings whose intellects come together

in some contest or in a social way, make both intellects brighter and better, and more quick and sharp. In still water, an image

is clearly reflected, but a small pebble thrown into the water ripples the whole surface. A person who is constantly by himself

1012 IMPROVEMENT ERA

advances very slowly, while he who comes in contact with his fellows daily, or even weekly, usually makes rapid progress. In

our social work we can either bring out by our thoughts and acts, the good, happy, and pure, or the evil and sullen. If we

are silent and sullen, the influence of our presence will permeate the whole atmosphere. If we are happy and glad, our countenance will reflect uponour friends. In every activity of life we

are in reality our brother's keeper. Our brothers and associates

are mirrors in whose faces and acts we see ourselves reflected.

Let our actions, therefore, be such that the reflection will be happy and glad and worthy of noble aspirations.,

Sam Walter Foss brings out the thought of the dependence of man upon man, in his poem, "A Friend to Man:"

There are hermit souls that live withdrawn,

In the peace of their selfcontent.

v There are souls like stars that dwell apart,

In a fellowless firmament;

There are pioneer souls that blaze their paths

Where highways never ran, But let me live by the side of the road,

And be a friend of man.

Let me live in my house by the side of the road,

Where the race of men go by;

They are good, they are bad, they are weak, they are strong,

Wise, foolish, so am I.

Then why should I sit in the scorner's seat,

Or hurl the Cynic's ban?

Let me live in my house by the side of the road,

And be a friend to man.

A man who believes in the little things believes in progress.

He believes with George F. Hoar that "today is better than yesterday, and that tomorrow will be better than today."He believes in the bright sunshine, the pure air, the clear, blue sky, the

rippling, sparkling water, the fertile soil, the men and women, and the boys and girls, if he would make his life well rounded and complete.

He takes a soil grain and, small as it is, he realizes its true gieatness. He sees it in its native bed among thousands a*nd

millions of other soil grains that make up the soil. He sees each

surrounded by a thin film of moisture. He sees part of this

moisture moving either up or down or from side to side from one soil grain to another, depending upon the climatic conditions existing at the surface of the soil and where plant roots are penetrating. He sees this filmmoisture dissolving certain substances

from the soil grain. He sees the tiny root hairs of plants push

their way among the soil grains and come in contact with this moisture surrounding the soil grain. He sees part of this moisture absorbed by the root hairs, and with it the substances which

THE GREATNESS OF LITTLE THINGS 1013

it holds in solution. He sees this water pass on up into the larger

roots, up into the stem of the plant, into the leaves and there evaporate, leaving the dissolved substances which it held in solution in the leaves. He sees air entering the leaves, and the substances uniting with certain gasses from the air, thus forming

certain foods which are taken to various parts of the plant to be used in its growth and development, and thus a plant grows and is builded up.

He picks up a potato, and sees not merely a tuber of starchy material, but a whole colony of living individuals each one capable of separate existence. He sees the potato itself composed

of various layers, each consisting of a large number of cells filled more or less with starch grains. He sees this potato, as it is cooking, each starch grain swell with heat until finally the cell walls

burst and a white, starchy, mealy mass is the result. He sees a

potato after it is planted in the soil, each eye germinating and sending stems into the air, each competing for existence. He

sees small leaves develop on the stems beneath the surface of the soil and from the same place on the stem he sees a tiny sprout begin to grow. He sees the end of this enlarge until a new potato is formed. He sees in each step in potato culture the same

greatness of the small, seemingly unimportant, things. In the

kernel of corn, in the grain of wheat, the same greatness is manifest. And so we could continue to find the great, the wonderful,

the elevating, the inspiring, the beautiful, in the small things around us.

Seeing all this greatness where we did not expect it, we are likely to say with William Knox: "Oh, Why Should the Spirit

of Mortal be Proud?'But, reflecting for a time, we learn to say

with Sir Humphrey Davy: "Life is made up, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things, in which smiles and kindness,

and small obligations, given habitually, are what win and preserve the heart and secure comfort."

As parents, the little things we say or do in the presence of our children, will have a great influence upon their future welfare. I recall hearing of a family consisting of father,

mother, and two sons, one eight and the other five. The father

and the older son were great companions, and were together whenever opportunity permitted. One morning as the father

and son came out to the barn, they found there a newlyborn Jersey calf. The father, in the joy of his heart said, "Tommy, this little calf is yours, you must take it, care for it, and keep it as long as

you like."As the boy and the calf grew, they became very much

attached to each other. The last thing which the boy did in the

morning before he went to school was to look after his little calf.

The first thing he did in the afternoon upon returning from school was to see his calf.

1014 IMPROVEMENT ERA

One day, while the boy was at school, a calf buyer came along -, and seeing the Jersey calf in the yard stopped to look at it and ask if it was for sale. The father said, "No,"that it belonged

to his son. "I will give you $40 for the calf,"said the man. "No

it is not for sale.""Well I will make it $60."The father looked

at the calf, scratched his head, and then said to himself, "Sixty dollars, that is certainly more than the calf is worth, and I don't suppose Tommy will care so much after all."Then, aloud to

the man, he said, "All right, I will sell him to you for sixty dollars."The bargain was made, and the calf was taken away. The

father went back to his work with a heavy heart and a stricken conscience. When the boy came from school, the first thing he

did was to go out to the barn to see his calf. He searched through

the barn, and the yard, but no calf could be found. He then

went to his father with tears of confidence in his eyes, and asked if he knew where his calf was, as he had searched everywhere and could not find it. Then it was that the father, for the first

time, realized what he had done. The boy gazed steadily at his

father while he was telling him of the bargain he had made.

"You see, the calf was not worth sixty dollars, I will give you thirty dollars and you can get another calf and we will still have thirty dollars."

Then it was that the boy said, "I thought that you said the calf was mine."

"Well, yes, I did say that, but we could not afford to lose such a bargain."

The boy left his father suddenly, and went home and cried.

After that, the boy and father were not so companionable as they had been before. The son had learned that his father, whom he

had thought to be perfect, was only a common man, that he did not always mean what he said, and did not always keep his promises. In short, he had lost confidence in his father and was

disappointed in him.

That little thing was the starting point which began the separation of father and son. As time went on, they became almost

strangers to each other. No longer did the son tell the little incidents which had happened during the day. No longer did he go

to his father for advice and counsel. He kept more to himself,

and finally separated from his father's companionship altogether.

Let us strive to the best of our ability to retain the confidence of our children, and to keep the promises which we make to them. So long as we can do this, there is little danger of them

going astray. It is when they lose confidence in their father

or mother, that they begin to drift apart from them, and then it is that they are likely to stray from the path of rectitude and right. If we look well to the little things, the big ones will

take care of themselves as they come to us in life.

On Villa's Trail in Mexico

BY HON. ANTHONY W. IVINS

I When Francisco Madero marched triumphantly into Mexico

City, after Porfirio Diaz had hurriedly taken his departure for

Europe, the hope was expressed by people who were familiar with

Mexican affairs that constitutional government was about to be established in that unfortunate country.

Madero made one fatal mistake. Believing that the protestations of loyalty to his ideals made by representatives of the old

Cientifico and Clerical parties were sincere, and desiring to harmonize all factions, he distributed the government patronage among his own adherents and those who had opposed him, with the result that men who had been his bitter enemies were placed in some of the most responsible positions, among them Victoriano Huerta, who was made commanderin-chief of the

Mexican army.

When Kelix Diaz undertook to overthrow the government, and was arrested at Vera Cruz, Madero departed from the time honored custom of executing men who were guilty of

GENERAL HUERTA treason, and pardoned him. In appreciation of this great favor, in which his life, which had been

forfeited under the laws of all civilized nations, was spared, Diaz again took up arms against Madero, and with the assistance of

Generals Huerta, Blanquet, and other military chiefs who were the trusted agents of the administration, succeeded in deposing and killing the president, vice president, and other close friends and advisors of Mexico.

Huerta then turned against and banished Diaz, declared himself dictator of Mexico, assumed control of the legislative and administrative powers of the government, in defiance of the constitution, and inaugurated a reign of terror. Doctor Domingues,

Abram Gonzales, the brothers of Madero, and other men of prominence who dared protest against the wholesale murders which were being perpetrated, were put to death, and it became plain

1016 IM I'KOVKMKNT ERA

that the policy of Huerta was cither to kill or expel from the country every prominent man who had been friendly to the

Madero policy. Governors and legislatures of various states,

either through fear or favor, declared their allegiance to the

Huerta administration, and for a time it appeared that this arch traitor might dominate the country.

There was one man in Mexico, however, with a will sufficiently strong, and courage enough, to protest against the policy of the dictator, brand him as a traitor and murderer, and declare that the Mexican people were entitled to, and should enjoy the rights which the constitution of their country guarantees. That man was Venustiano Carranza, governor of

the state of Coahuila. Tn the

beginning he stood almost alone, but soon after his revolt against Huerta, the congress of the state of Sonora, and the governor, joined him; Zapata,

the revolutionary chief of the

South, offered allegiance Francisco Villa gathered an army in Chihuahua, and through the combined efforts of these leaders Huerta was driven from Mexico, and the Constitutionalists were in VENUSTIANO CARRANZA complete control of the country.

Had they been able to unite, order and good government might have been established, but the turbulent element which followed Villa and Zapata could not be controlled. They refused

to recognize the authority of Carranza, or to take orders from him, with the result that factional warfare soon commenced, in which Zapata retired to the South, occupying the states of Morelos and Mexico, where he constantly menaced the capital: while Villa

withdrew his forces to the states of Durango and Chihuahua, and became the dominant factor in Northern Mexico. Sonora

remained loval to Carranza, who also controlled the central states.

Tn order to make his control of Northern Mexico complete,

VT illa rlanned a campaign for the conquest of Sonora, and marched into that state with about ten thousand men. To meet this invasion Carranza obtained permission to move troops through the

United States which enabled him to concentrate sufficient forces at Agua Prieta (Black Water), and other points in Sonora, to

ON VILLA'S TRAIL 1017

meet and disastrously defeat Villa. Angered and humiliated because of the failure of his plans, and attributing his defeat to the assistance rendered his enemies by the United

States, the pretended friendship manifested by Villa toward

Americans turned to hatred. Wherever his soldiers passed,

as they straggled back from Sonora to Chihuahua, they looted and robbed, Americans and American property suffering more than the property of others. Many of Villa's

men deserted him and went over to the Carranza party, and when he finally reorganized his forces and planned the raid on Columbus, his available army probably did not exceed six hundred men. He was short of ammunition and supplies, Chihuahua

and Ciudad Juarez were occupied by Carranza forces too strong to be attacked, there was but one way in which he could hope to recoup his exhausted resources, and at the same time wreak vengeance on the United States, that was by crossing the international boundary and attacking some defenseless American town.

mn

si*w-

SMOKING RUINS OF COLUMBUS. N. M., TAKEN THE MORNING AFTER

THE RAID

Tt was a bold undertaking, but with his characteristic assumption, he did not hesitate to execute the plan once it had been determined upon.

Columbus is a small town in the southern part of New Mexico on the Mexican boundary line. It has banks, stores, hotels,

and among its citizens are many wellto-do business men. Villa

planned a surprise attack on this town. They would make a dash

across the line during the night, rush the camp of the small garrison of U. S. troopers who were patrolling the border at that

point, loot the banks and stores, rob the homes of Americans and recross the line and take refuge in the Sierra Madre mountains, before reinforcements could come to the assistance of the few sldiers camped at that point. When this plan was made Villa

was near Guerrero, about two hundred miles from the border.

1018 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The details of the enterprise were carefully worked out, and executed with boldness and dispatch, which illustrate the intelligence and natural genius of this uneducated leader of men.

Leaving Guerrero he led his army north to Madera, thence along the top of the Sierra Madre to Colonia Garcia, Hop Valley, Pacheco, Pratt's Ranch, and on across the open country to Columbus, making prisoners of the Mexicans who chanced to be in his path, and killing every

American who fell into his hands.

So rapid and silent were his movements that he covered the two hundred miles, and reached the border without exposing his movements to the border patrol, and the attack on Columbus was a complete surprise. When the

charge was sounded soon after FRANCISCO VILLA midnight, while the town and camp of the patrol were in slumber, the Mexicans swept through the camp of the American troops killing a number of.soldiers as

they went, and scattering the remainder, and then attacked the town. They set fire to stores, hotels and private residences, and

A DETAIL OF THE EIGHTEEN TROOPERS WHO FOLLOWED VILLA FROM

COLUMBUS AFTER THE RAID Columbus lies at the foot of the three peaks in the faint distance. The dead horses

were killed by fire of the troopers.

shot the defenseless inmates, as they endeavored to escape from the flames, looted and murdered, and made the night hideous with their yells.

ON VILLA'S TRAIL 1019

Thus far the plans of the raiders had carried perfectly, but there was one thing upon which they had not counted, the courage and fighting ability of the American soldier. Aroused from their

sleep by the shots and shouts of the enemy, there had been momentary confusion, but the officers were soon there, the small force rallied, and a dashing attack was made upon the Villistas;

the machine guns and rifles cracked, and the looters turned from their work of blood to defend themselves against the attacking party. The battle was short and decisive, the Mexicans were

forced back across the border leaving their trail marked by the bodies of dead men and horses. Twenty miles into their own

country eighteen U. S. troopers followed this army of raiders.

Relating the story of the retreat, one of Villa's men said:

"These troopers would ride fast until they got near us, when they would dismount and fire; and every time they fired, men and

horses would fall all around us; then they would mount and follow us again, with the same result. In vain Villa tried to rally

his men and make a stand, the men would not face those deathdealing rifles. Finally, when we reached the hills we made a

stand and they rode back toward Columbus. Many of our men

were killed or wounded by them."

The pursuing troopers suffered no losses.

The Rivals

Awake, little man, ho, ho, ho, can't you hear

The old cock a-crowing in tones loud and clear?

The rascal's there now calmly strutting about,

So come, son, be moving, it's time to roll out.

Just hark, how the birds call your name from that tree,

Their hearts all a-tremble with pure ecstasy.

Great God, who could doubt that Thou art earth's king

When November mornings such cadences bring!

Arise, son, be stirring, great guns, are you blind?

Shake off slumber's shackles that fetter the mind;

The frost crystals glitter on bush and on tree,

Alladin's charmed garden is open to thee:

Just see how the kingfisher watches the stream

Where the willows droop low, for the trout's silver gleam.

All the birches are bronzed by the sun's ruddy touch,

Up, up, son, be moving, you're missing too much!

Still sleeping! Great Scott, boy, what charms has your bed

When the champagne of sunrise still floats overhead?

You're missing the gladness that dawn always brings

To the slumbering earth on her ethereal wings!

sweet smile Still sleeping—ah, Youth, great Aurora's

Can't rival the visions you're viewing the while

Sleep on, loved one, in your dreamcovered cot,

The morning brings nothing my sonny has not.

LOGAN, UTAH H. R. MERRILL

Doctrinal Questions

A correspondent in one of the missions wishes to know where scripture can be found to substantiate the statement that "the

Melchizedek priesthood was restored to earth at the transfiguration of Christ"(Matt. 17:1-9).

Our correspondent does not mention any authority for such statement, nor where it could have originated. The assumption

"that the Melchizedek priesthood was restored; to earth at the

transfiguration of Christ"is not only unsupported by scripture, but is contrary thereto. The fulness of the Priesthood was vested

in the Lord Jesus Christ before as well as after his transfiguration; and, moreover, prior to the transfiguration he ordained

twelve men to the Holy Apostleship. The Apostleship is an office

of the higher, or Melchizedek Priesthood.

Our correspondent further declares that some of the Bible students in the Sunday school theological class have taken license from the statement of the Lord, as recorded in Mark 7:15, and

hold that "it matters not what we eat, for thereby we can not commit sin."Even the teacher, so we are told, could not understand

how food could influence our lives or bodies, one way or the other, and based his assertion on the scriptures referred to: "There is

nothing from without a man, that entering into him can defile him: but the things which come out of him, those are they that

defile the man."The Lord's reproof of the inconsistency of the

Scribes and Pharisees, wherein they scrupulously observed the outward performance of ceremonial washings and neglected the weightier matters of life, is discussed in chapter 22 of the book

Jesus the Christ. The Lord's affirmation that not that which

goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out

of the mouth, this defileth a man, explains itself, if considered in connection with the scriptural context.

To take license from this utterance and say that the Lord sanctions the eating and drinking of things injurious to the body, or things forbidden in scripture, is to ignore or to pervert the word of God. And queries regarding propriety in matters of diet

are sufficiently answered in the revelation to the Church, in the present dispensation, in what is commonly known as the "Word of Wisdom"(Doc. and Cov. Sec. 89).

In this connection we wish to commend the activity of the

Saints in their study of the gospel, and their desire to understand

KDITORS'fABLi: L021

the doctrines of the Christ. It is thus they grow in grace and

wisdom. However, when questions of doctrine arise in the missions these should be submitted in the regular order to the mission

president, for answer and consideration.

Solid for the Abolition of Booze

The Republican party in convention assembled at Ogden, adopted a plank in its platform which declares solidly for the deliverance of Utah, from the curse of liquor. The Republican

voters who attended the primaries, and won are congratulated.

The pledge of the Republican party reads:

"We pledge the incoming governor and legislative assembly, if

Republican, to promptly, and not less than fifteen days before the close of the next session of the legislature, enact a law effectively prohibiting, by direct legislation, the manufacture and the sale, by prescription or otherwise, of intoxicating liquors of all kinds within the state of Utah, a law which shall be thoroughgoing, unambiguous and as incapable of evasion as language can make it; and that said lawgo into effect within six months after its passage.

"We also pledge our candidate for the United States senate to favor by his vote and in every other way possible every measure that shall be introduced in Congress for the elimination of the liquor traffic and for the securing of national prohibition."

This is all that could be asked, and is good so far. Judging

from the past, the Democratic party will stand just as solidly for prohibition, and for these reasons there is every encouragement freeto believe that the people will be given what they demand—

dom from the saloon and its evils. There should be no sleeping,

however, nor should the friends of prohibition lull themselves to rest with the thought that the fight is won. There is much yet to

do. as will appear from time to time. The law is not passed yet.

nor are the legislators any too sure. Many subordinate officers also

are to be elected. These have the real dutv of enforcing anv

law that may be made; and upon their faithful work much will

depend in the cities, counties, the state, and in general. Voters

should see to it that no man is elected to any office who is not willing and desirous that the law when passed against liquor should be made completely and honestly operative and effective.

Why Some Men Are Failures

Colliers, in a recent! editorial note under this head, called

attention to a liquor ad. which read:

fear is the cause of "Total abstinence is a form of fear—and

1022 IMPROVEMENT ERA

failure. Cast out fear."The Weekly then sarcastically remarks:

"A profound thought, this. But why confine it merely to the

matter of abstinence from alcohol? You don't smoke? Then,

of course, you're a coward. You abstain from profanity? Be a

hero; indulge in oaths 'moderately.'Do you often beat your

wife? What, never? Some booze magnate may accuse you ofshowing the white feather if you don't knock her down—'in moderation.'That advertisement clears up for us the puzzle of why

there are so many failures in the world. They simply don't

booze: that's all the trouble. Be a hero! Get soused and succeed!"

Messages from the Missions

New Meeting Place in Amsterdam

Elder Walter B. Hanks, Amsterdam, May 26, 1916: "The gospel

work is progressing very slowly here at present. Last month we

were privileged to baptize seven people and we have prospects for more. We have two branches in Amsterdam. On the 25th of June

we expect to unite the two, because so many have left for Zion and others are planning to leave. We have been successful in rinding a

Ik ||| I Ik

* i f f

'p

-. *<; > iSl1 '. 'qfi|1

SHIPPING WOODEN SHOES—A SCENE IN AMSTERDAM, HOLLAND

new building to meet in. It is located in the center of the city and

has modern improvements, electricity, steamheat, and is in a quiet place. I think it will be the means of getting many more strangers

to our meetings and will put new life into our gatherings. The elders

laboring here are: Borgan A. Anderson, Rulon J. Sperry, both

laboring in Utrecht; Lee Peter Nebeker and Walter B. Hanks, in

Amsterdam."

EDITORS'TABLE 1023

In Far Away Japan

Joseph H. Stirapson, President Japanese Mission, Tokyo, Japan,

May 23: "Our recent conference began May 4 and lasted to May 11.

Thirteen meetings were held, two to consider the reports of the missionaries, four were devoted to,the consideration of the "Article 2 of Faith"by Elder James E. Talmage, recently printed in Japanese,

and others 10 general instructions. Besides the fast meeting held on

the 7th, Sunday, two sessions were held as a general conference for

Saints and investigators. This is the first time such a conference

has been held here, and it was not as largely attended as it was hoped it would be. A spirited testimony meeting was one of the most enjoyable of the conference. All bore strong testimonies and were built up

in their faith by the manifestation of the Holy Spirit in their meetings. At the priesthood meeting the duties and responsibilities of the

authorities were considered and one of the local brethren was advanced in the priesthood. All returned to their labors determined to

magnify to the best of their ability the calling "resting upon them as ministers of life and salvation to the people of this land. We expect

much good to come from this conference. We welcome the Era for

the good that it does, and the clean, uplifting material printed in > our magazine is a power for good wherever it goes. The missionaries of Japan all join in wishing you success in your work.of doing

good. Elders laboring here are: George A. Turner, Joseph Raj

Stoddard, C. Ralph Amott, president of the Osaka conference, Arthur F. Crowther, president of the Sappora conference, Ether Spackman, retiring president Osaka conference, Harold Kingsford, Val.

VV. Palmer; Varsell L. Cowley, Lafayette C. Lee, Pearl M. Lee,

Joseph H. Stimpson, mission president, Mary E. Stimpson, Edwin J

. wkn, Jr., president Kofu conference, J. Vernon Adams."

Studying Genealogy

R. D. McKell, conference president Northern Indiana, reports

that within the last year a splendid branch of the Relief Society has been organized at Muncie, the first in the conference. Previous to its

organization, genealogy was thoroughly studied a n d m a u y names were sent to the temple. The sisters have keen "oliowing the outlies: n the

"Relief Society Magazine,"and have been quite successful in this work also. Three

new fields, Pern, Anderson, and Fort

Wayne, have been opened up the last year.

At Pern six baptisms are reported. The

spirit of energy and enthusiasm prevails throughout the entire conference. Elders, left to right, standing: G. L. Tanner, conference

r resident R. D. McKell; sitting, Florence Capson, W. E. Hortin and

Margaret Hill."

1024 IMPROVEMENT ERA

President Richards'Return from Holland

President and Sister Le Grand Richards and family who for thirtyone months have presided over the Netherlands Mission sailed, accompanied hy Elder Lee Nebeker, with the S. S. "Nieuw Amsterdam,"on Wednesday

morning, June 21, for dear old America. The

parting was a mingling of joy and pathos, joy at the thought of meeting loved ones at home, and sorrow at parting from so many dear friends in Holland.

They were here, of course, when the war broke out and experienced one of the most trying times that the mission has ever passed through, when all Europe was excitement and everybody wanting to get away from the scene of conflict. Upon

the call of the First Presidency they released all of the missionaries who could be spared,selected a choice little band to remain, organized the local priesthood to carry some of the burdens left by the hasty departure of the elders, and guided the Mission safely and calmly along with a handful of men, but all blessed abundantly by the Spirit of

LE GRAND RICHARDS AND FAMILY the Lord. This little

group were banded toReecntly returned from the Netherlands..lission. gether like brothers,

and the spirit manifested at their priesthood meeting before each conference was sweet indeed.

During the two weeks previous to his departure, President Richards visited nearly every Branch in the Mission, and preached to each a beautiful and powerful farewell. A sad, sweet spirit pervaded each

of these gatherings, and many eyes filled with tears at parting. Both

President and Sister Richards have won the deepest love and respect of every Saint and friend in the Mission, and to the missionaries, the

Mission Honse was always "home, sweet home."

Wednesday evening, 14th, the Branch here at Rotterdam tendered them a pleasant farewell program, while the English classes presented

Ihern with a dainty little scene of delftware.

EDITORS'TABLE 1025

All had to be on board the evening before sailing, and for one who took a glance around, it appeared as if the whole Rotterdam

Branch as well as all the missionaries and many Saints from other cities were going, too. The choir took their places on the top deck

and gave a little farewell concert which could have been appreciated had it not been for the sadder thoughts that filled our hearts. We

missionaries remained on board till midnight, and when we finally did say "good bye"there was not a dry eye in the crowd.

That was a sad day for the Netherlands Mission.—Rotterdam,

June 29, 1916—J. A. Butterworth.

Cn the Isle of Bornholm

As our numbers have been greatly reduced since the outbreak of the war, and as there are no elders from Zion in many of the branches, it is necessary for us to visit these branches and give the Saints a little encouragement from time to time. Elder Fred H. Heese and

CHURCH BUILDING IN BORNHOLM

Elders James A. Hansen, Salt Lake City, and Fred H. Heese, Blackfoot, Idaho.

myself have just returned from such a visit amongst the scattered

Saints on the island of Bornholm, a small isle in the Baltic Sea. We

were warmly received by our good people, who are always glad when they have the elders in their midst. Our meeting was well attended,

considering the number of Saints we have on the island. There were

also a few strangers present. All seemed to be pleased with what

they heard regarding the plan of salvation. There are many interesting sights on this little, lonesome isle, amongst which are old castle

ruins, rune stones, and the queer, round churches, which were built several centuries ago, and at that time were used as fortresses as well as churches. The accompanying snapshot gives a good idea of how

these strange examples of architecture look. This church, which is

known as "Nylarskirke,"was built in the 16th or 17th century and is still used as a place of worship. The walls, which are about four feet

thick, are pierced by many loopholes, which have since been enlarged and fitted with glass panes and now form the windows of the church.

The small wing to the right, is the entrance and vestibule, and the rectangular building to the left, is the bell tower, which is always built separate from the church proper. There are four churches of

1026 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this type on the island, which, with the oldfashioned windmills and the whitewashed farmhouses, half hidden by the beautiful beech woods, form a very peaceful and picturesque landscape. While gazing

upon this charming picture, one can hardly realize that an awful conflict is raging but a few miles away. James A. Hansen.

Prospered as Never Before

Lester A. Green, Cranberry, N. C: "This conference under the

direction of President August E. Heddin has prospered as never

before, both in number of baptisms and the sale of Books of Mormon. Elders, left to right, top row: X. J. Horsley, Soda Springs,

Idaho; E. C. Esplin, Orderville; M. C. Wiser, Lewiston; C. L. Singleton. Hooper, Utah; J. A. Morrison, Franklin; G. C. Galloway, Shelley; David Buhler, Bern, Idaho; W. R. Evans, Mt. Home, Utah; bottom row: L. E. Oliverson, Franklin, Idaho; H. M. Grether, Salt

Lake, Utah: August E. Heddin, conference president, Pocatello; Wm.

T. Bailey, Idaho Falls; Lester A. Green, Lewisville, Idaho."

Responsibilities Placed upon the Saints

Elder William H. Hillyard, clerk of the Leeds conference, sends

an encouraging report under date of May 30, 1916, from Bradford, i.-.-orl an H: "Greater responsibilities under prevailing conditions are

being placed upon the Saints and as a result the spirit of the work is l-<: "uord out nnon them. With a shortage of elders the work

is being shifted to the shoulders of the Saints giving them privileges which heretofore they had been deprived of. The president and clerk

of the conference are holding branch conferences organizing with native brothers and sisters so that in a short time the work in the branches will be left to them as the elders will soon be leaving. The

work here is greater than it has been for many years and the help from Zion is far less. If any of the brethren at home are asked to

EDITORS'TABLE 1027

come upon a mission they should let nothing stand in the way of their duty, as we are convinced that God will take care of his own.

On March 25 we baptized 28 people; on May 27 thirteen more and

many friends arc interested in the work. Had we only the help

many good people could be taught the true plan of salvation. Elders,

back row, left to right: S. Evan Francis, Lake Shore, Joseph F.

Worthen, Salt Lake, Wm. H. Hillyard, Smithfield, Utah, Nathan

Groome, Ucon, Idaho; front row: David A. Owen, Ammon; Eben

I. Robinson, conference president, Iona, Idaho, Verner O. Hewlett,

Salt Lake City.

President Rushton in Hobart Elder J. J. McQueen, writing from Hobart, Tasmania, says: "We

have recently been favored with a two weeks'visit from President

Don C. Rushton of the Australian mission who spent two weeks at

Hobart, the headquarters of the Tasmanian conference where mobt of the Latterday Saints are located in this district. While present

he gave us some splendid instructions relating to our labors and to the work and duties of the Saints, exhorting them to be full of good works and to keep the commandments of Jesus. A number of visitors who had never attended before were present during these meetings. He also visited some of the districts around Tasmania where

he held meetings and preached the gospel. He gave us much encouragement and was pleased with the conditions in our conference."

New Branch in Hamilton Elder W. R. Beckstead, Hamilton, Waikato, New Zealand: "Elder Campbell and I are placed in a new field to open a new branch

among the people in this district. We have made several friends

already and we have held a number of street meetings. Considerable

ooufsitinn is manifest in Hamilton from the various religious denominations, but we feel no discouragment as we realize that the elders are advocating the cause of the Lord and will therefore succeed."

PRIESTHOOD QUOlfl -RUMS TABLE 5E5 W ===:= g|

Text Books in Use

At a recent meeting of the General Committee on Course of

Study for the Priesthood, Bishop Charles W. Nibley gave the following report on the text books in use in the various classes in the

stakes of Zion, in June, 1916, seventy stakes being reported, Juarez and Pocatello not having been heard from. Seven hundred and seventy-eight wards were reported. The figures show the number and

kind of text books in use in the various classes of the Priesthood:

HIGH PRIESTS PRIESTS Jesus the Christ 417 Jesus the Christ 623 Rational Theology 24

Rational Theology 47 Experiences of Early Church Leaders 62

Gospel Themes 11 Gospel Themes 8

Experiences of Early Church Leaders 2 Book of Mormon 2

One Hundred Years of "Mormonism"1 Apostolic Age Ill

Doctrine and Covenants 2 Glee Club 2 \\ aids without classes 92 Wards without classes 22 SEVENTIES TEACHERS Jesus the Christ 114 Jesus the Christ 617 Gospel Themes 13

Rational Theology 40 Apostolic Age 227

Experiences of Early Church Leaders 5 Doctrine and Covenants 1

Gospel Themes 9 Experiences of Early Leaders and, 192 One Hundred Years of "Mormonism"1 Members

Doctrine and Covenants 1 DEACONSWards without classes 105

Rational Theology 8 ELDERS JesusGospel theThemesChrist 808

Experiences of Early Church Leaders

Jesus the Christ 626 and Members 453

Rational Theology 43 Apostolic Age 65

Gospel Themes 11 Life of Christ 2

Doctrine and Covenants 1 Life of Joseph Smith 3

One Hundred Years of "Mormonism"1 Latterday Prophet 2

Experiences of Early Church Leaders 1 Lives of the Apostles 1

Wards without classes 95 Rational Theology 3

Text Books for the Priesthood Quorums, 1917

The General Committee on Courses of Study for the Priesthood sent out on July 26, the following information relating to text books, for the year 1917, for the Priesthood Quorums, to the stake presidencies:

Dear Brethren: From information obtained from the Stake Clerk

concerning the text books now used by the various classes of the

Priesthood, and information also obtained that many classes were unable to procure sufficient copies of the book "Jesus the Christ,"so as to commence their studies early in the year, the General ComPRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 1029

mittcc on Courses of Study for the Priesthood have decided to continue the study of the book "Jesus the Christ"for the High Priets,

Seventies, Elders and Priests for the year 1917.

For those classes which wilj complete the study of this book before the close of the year 1917, instructions will be given through the Improvement Era, suggesting supplemental studies for that year.

New text books for Teachers and Deacons will be ready for distribution about January 1, 1917.

Will you please see that this information is conveyed to all the classes of the Priesthood in your stake at the very earliest date, and greatly oblige Your brethren in the gospel, The General Comtsuttee on Courses of Study for the Priesthood.

By David A. Smith,

Secretary.

Ward Teaching and Attendance at Meetings

A bulletin showing ward teaching, issued from the Presiding

Bishop's office for June, shows that 100% of the families were visited in 250 wards in the Church. The average percent of attendance at

weekly Priesthood class meetings in the various stakes ranged from 28 in Ogden, 27 in Pioneer, 24 in Granite and Liberty, 22 in Cassia,

North Davis, Salt Lake and Taylor, thence down to as low as 3 in

Tarowan and Morgan, and 2 in Cache. The average percent of attendance of members at sacrament meetings was 39 in San Juan,

30 in Young, 26 in Bannock, thence down to as low as 11 in Beaver, St.

George and Salt Lake.

Helps for Instructors of Deacons

by p. joseph jensen

Lesson 24 Aim: To make clear the difference between Satan's way of

working with people, and the Lord's way, through His Holy Spirit.

Get the boys to tell what they understand the difference to be between Satan's wav and the Lord's way of influencing people to act.

Review lesson 23, showing how the Holy Spirit influences people's actions.

Study the lesson.

Contrast the two ways, as clearly shown in the lesson. Compare

the experience of Elders Kimball. Hyde and others with that of Moses,

Pearl of Great Price. Moses 1: with Toseph Smith's exoerience. Writings of Joseph Smith 1, Pearl of Great Price; also with the man of

Gadara, Mark 5:1-20. Answer the general question of the lesson.

Lesson 25 The aim of lesson 25 may be to strengthen faith in the spiritual gift of prophecy. School books emphasize the physical to the senses,

1030 IMPROVEMENT ERA

which is proper in its place; but the Lord approves of prophecy for

his righteous purposes.

Problem: How can a servant of the Lord tell that a certain

event will take place in the future? Have the class relate some

prophecies and their fulfilment. Include in these answers one or

two given by the Savior to show that our elders teach things as our

Savior did. Such prophecies as his foretelling his death and resurrection would be good.

Study the lesson.

Compare the satcment of the Prophet Joseph concerning the life of Heber C. Kimball with the statement of our Savior concerning the lives of his disciples. (Matt. 18:3.) What did Brother Kimball prophesy about? What was the purpose of each prophecy?

In answering the question of the lesson read the following:

"When you feel pure intelligence flowing into you, it may give you s'ldden strokes of ideas, so that by noticing it, you may find it fulfilled the same day or soon; i. e., those things that were presented

unto your minds by the Spirit of God, will come to pass; and thus

by learning the Spirit of God and understanding it, you may grow into the principle of revelation, until you become perfect in Christ

Jesus."(History of the Church, Vol. ITT, page 381.)

Answer the question of the lesson.

Lesson 26 Aim: To gain additional testimony of the existence of the

spirit after death, and of the existence of evil spirits.

Question for Consideration: How have the Latterday Saints

learned to believe that our spirits live after death, and that Satan and other evil spirits exist? Relate instances which will show these

doctrines of the gospel. Such instances are found in Satan's tempting our Savior, the experience of Joseph Smith at the time of the

first vision, the experience of Moses, (Pearl of Great Price, Book of

Moses, chap. 1:1222) and our Savior's statement (Luke 23:43).

Study the lesson.

Compare what the spirits of such persons as President Brigham

Young and Heber C. Kimball did for David P. Kimball, with what

the evil spirits did. On whom did David P. Kimball rely for protection when the evil spirits threatened him?

Answer the general question of the lesson.

Lesson 27 Aim: Same as in lesson 26.

Review carefully the points of lesson 26, in answer to the general question of that lesson.

Study lesson 27 with the thought in mind of watching for the literal fulfilment of what Bro. Kimball said would take place.

Answer again the general question of lesson 26.

The quarterly bulletin of the Utah State Board ot Health issued in Tulv, contains istnrtn'e ar*iHe"—;-f-i --tile nstalvsis. cancer,

typhoid fever and the summer care of infants. Copies of the bulletin may be had free of charge on application to the Secretary of

the Board, Dr. T. B. Beatty, Capitol Building, Salt Lake City. We

advise'that this copy of the bulletin be sent for and read. Many

useful hints to parents are contained therein.

///MUTUAL WORK If

Athletics and Scout Work

Day and Overnight "Hikes"

BY J. KARL WOODS

If I interpret the "hike"correctly, it is one of the greatest educational periods of the scout's life. It is a time when an instinct as deep

as life itself is springing into activity and is satisfying a craving that lias been gnawing at the boy since he came into scout age. At this

time of life the body is undergoing a great change. The muscles are

growing rapidly—sometimes the larger ones faster than the smaller

ones, and his body lacks coordination. Like a young animal, he must

have activity as a preparation for complete bodily development. He

must walk, run, climb, play, and do those things that will develop his bodily powers at the same rate. If we put a block in his way his

natural instincts do not have full play, and as a result he will be afflicted with nervous troubles and other bodily defects that will handicap his spirit in its onward progress while on its earthly mission.

At this time of life, when his soul is longing for the light of this world and a knowledge of his Maker, there should be planted in him a love for God's creations. He can appreciate at this time more than

any other the beauties of nature and can feel more the Infinite. Nature study and observation should be placed before him as an aim.

What better place can this be accomplished than on a hike in the woods or mountains, with nature surrounding him and a kind, sympathetic scoutmaster as a teacher?

Scouting is composed of physical development, pioneering, cooking, camping, health of body and mind, observation and many other practical subjects. To acquire ability in scoutcraft is to develop into

true manhood. The efficient man in this world is the one who can

do things and is resourceful enough to meet all conditions.

The value of short hikes is inestimable. During every minute of

the time the boy's attention is, by his intense interest, held steadily on the things he is doing. In the long hike he grows tired, and his

interest wavers, his attention ebbs low, and the value of the stay in the solitude is lost.

For the scoutmaster, half the trouble, worry and work is done in the preparation. No place in scouting should the motto, "Be prepared"

be followed more religiously than by the scoutmaster in preparing for a hike. He should have it mapped out before him as if it were

past history, every minute of the time being accounted for before the hike is commenced. Not only the route, the pace, the stopping places

and the time of starting and stopping, should be planned out beforehand, but also the camping program should be the most efficient for the short time at hand.

Organization is a prime factor. The best plan that I have seen in

handling boys on this sort of hike and still accomplish the most is to divide the troop into groups of two boys each. This is done, owing

1032 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to the style of tents used, and also to obtain the best results in cooking. Two boys can cook over one fire and sleep in one bed, carry

their own water and wash their own dishes. In this way all the boys

are doing what one or two did in the larger groups. The scoutmaster

can thus be relieved of the cooking and spend his time supervising his boys.

As part of the equipment of every troop there should be enough tents in which the boys may sleep. The most successful scout tent I

have seen is the one used by the foresters. The Boy's Handbook, p.

197, outlines a plan for making this tent. It can be made of 13 yards

of eightounce duck canvas by the boys themselves for a little over two dollars. It has enough room for two or three boys and the food.

along—oneTf the weatherto eachis thepairleastof boys.bit threateningIf the tenttheis tentsnot usedshouldforbethetakenday

or overnight hikes a leanto should be constructed for the protection of the boys from the dew and cold. This will also develop the boys in

pioneering and resourcefulness. The scoutmaster should see to it

that he camps where material can be secured for its construction. It

adds to the novelty and fun of the thing if the tents are taken along, however, as the boy's nature calls for just such things.

The best kind of bedding that can be used is the blanket. It

should be rather heavy—about the kind furnished by the National

Boy Scout Supply Department. A bed should be made of about two

p-iirs. That means that there will be two pairs of blankets and a tent

to be carried by two boys. This can easily be done if one boy carries

one blanket and the tent, and the other the balance of the bedding.

On the day and overnight hike, boys should do their own cooking.

This will necessitate some utensils. Between the two boys should be

a small stewpan and a frypan, and a large spoon. Each boy should

have a tin or gray enameled plate, knife, fork and spoon. The following are the supplies for each boy. Two boys going together, however, could divide the material so that one boy furnishes all of one

thing and the other boy all of another. This is suggested on the assumption that the hike started in the morning and lasted until the

afternoon of the following day.

fruit or 4 sandwiches—double, fruit—peaches jelly or beans, 1 glass plentywith of juice, l 1 to1 2doz.lbs. radishespotatoes,or1 onions,pt. can 1porkpt. canand

preserves, 1 pkg. Aunt Jemima's pancake flour, y2 pt. syrup, 1 pt. flour, x/2 doz. eggs,

4 slices bacon, 4 teaspoons baking powder, salt, ax, ropes, canteen, haversack, pocketknife, scout whistle, staff, dish cloth and towel.

The scoutmaster should supply himself with the same materials and in addition:

2 triangular bandages, 2 or more roller bandages, 2 oz. bottle aromatic spirits of

ammonia, bichloride or other disinfectant tablets, tube of Johnson's first aid dressing, carbolized vaseline, potassium permanganate for snake bites, United States flag, troop flag, a kodak if possible, matches.

In our mountains we should start in the morning and take plenty of time to get to our destination. Sometimes we underestimate the

ability of boys to hike. They should be given enough, but not too

much, to give them a good appetite for their sandwiches. When the

camp is reached, which should be predetermined by the scout master, the first duty should be the flag raising ceremony. If a camp is among

trees—which is generally the case—a pully can be fastened near the

top of one of the trees and the flag drawn part way up. The other end

of the rope can then be tied to another tree, thus allowing the flag to hang over the center of the camp. The flag salute should be as impressive as possible, and the pledge repeated with all seriousness.

The tents should be pitched or the leantos built in a semicircle, with the scout master's tent in the middle and a patrol leader or asMUTUAL WORK 1033

sistant scout master on each side. The troop flag is hoisted on the

scoutmaster's tent and the patrol flags on patrol leaders'tents. While

the tents are being pitched and the beds made some scouts may be put to work on a laterine, tables, carrying wood, water, etc. It will

take about an hour to put all things in order about the camp, at the end of which the scoutmaster should call the boys together for instructions. We must remember that discipline will either make or ruin

our trip. Not one breach should occur in the camp rules, and if it

should, it is the scout master's duty to correct it without delay. Some

may think that this strict discipline will have a bad effect on the camp.

I don't mean that kind of discipline. We will put it as one author has,

"It is better to be sternly kind and kindly stern than sternly stern."

In this council the scout master should outline all the program of the trip. Every minute should be filled with some good active work or

quiet rest. The scout master must make his scouts feel that he is

leader and should be obeyed. They must not go off alone under any

consideration. If water is abundant, no group of boys should swim

without the scoutmaster present.

The afternoon may then be spent in exploring the new territory or resting from the tramp. The time is short, and boys should get out

of the time all they possibly can. At about 5:30 p. m. scouts should

begin supper. Here they have a real opportunity to learn camp life.

The scout master should have an eye on all, to see that they are doing

Mieir best work. Don't hurry—they have plenty of time in which to

eat. The camp cleanup and dishwashing should follow supper. I say

aqain that discipline should strictly be maintained, nothing being left undone.

A few lively games should follow, and then the campfire council.

This is the most important part of the whole trip. Here in the campfire light in the solitude, the scoutmaster can get closest to his boys.

Here he can see what they are in secret and can help to correct their faults if they have any. There should be a general chat, the scout

master saying little at first, but gradually getting into the conversation more and more until he is teaching them what he wants. Here he

can teach them morals, religion, nature, or anything the occasion demands. He should tell some good stories and have the boys tell some.

The work of tomorrow may now be outlined definitely.

The council should close about nine o'clock with prayer. Let the

boys pray. I have been on two weeks'camping trips and have had

prayer every night and morning, and not had one boy refuse to lead in prayer. What can be more impressive than to see a crowd of boys

standing in a circle around a camp fire in the clear night, with bowed heads in prayer and thanksgiving? Oh, it makes one feel like there is

some good in the world after all!

When all have gone to bed it should be strictly understood that no noise shall be heard from boys until fivethirty in the morning. Tt

is the first night together, the first night out in the open and oh, the temptation is great to throw the covers off some boy for fun and start something. Strict order must therefore be maintained, and the scout

master should always have the upper hand.

Turn out at fivethirty or six o'clock and have a good drill of setting tip exercises just as the boys get out of bed. Tim should be

followed by a good cold wash. Breakfast should begin and the same

routine followed as for supper. The morning may be spent in hiking,

studying nature, passing tests, games or other activities.

The dinner should be the most primitive in style. Ordinarily boys

get little practice in being up against the "real thing."T sometimes

wonder if our second class and first class cooking tests are applicable 1034 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in life under the present system of instruction. For this meal all

utensils except a pocket knife should be prohibited. Roys should be

taught that pioneers, scouts, and trappers are sometimes left without utensils to cook with, and have only the native materials. If boys

are already familiar with primitive cooking, they may use this time to pass the test. The scout master can devise many ways for cooking if

he will learn to do it himself.

The following menus are suggested for an overnight hike:

Dinner—BoiledRreakfast—At home.ham snadwiches and radishes or onions. Supper—Pork and beans, roast potatoes, pickles. Breakfast—Hot cakes and syrup or fried potatoes, broiled or fried fish or boiled

eggs, Dinner—Twistjelly or preserves.baked on a stick, eggs baked in a roll of mud or clay, roast potatoes Supper—Ator fried on ahome.flat rock, bacon broiled or fried on a rock.

Eor this last dinner it will be necessary for the scout master to insist on absolute cleanliness. Roys become careless at times if they

go unchecked. The rock used for frying meat and potatoes can be

suspended by two or three others with the fire built under it, or it may simply be a large rock with a flat or hollow top with fire built around it. It should be thoroughly clean before heating, and wiped

off after it is hot. The mud or clay used for cooking eggs should be

sticky enough to hold the eggs firmly. The egg should be rolled in

the mud until it is the size of a baseball or larger. Care should be

exercised not to get the egg too hot while cooking or it will explode, due to the steam pressure within. It is best to dig a small hole and

rake hot coals into it, put in the ball and cover it with hot coals. When

the clay is comparatively hard and dry the egg is cooked. Complete

instructions for cooking bacon and twist may be found in the "Hand

Rook for Roys"and the "Scout Master's Manual."

I hope that this will give a fair idea of the preparations to be made and the method of carrying out a day or overnight hike. Longer

hikes will require other preparations, but it is my firm belief that we get more good out of this length of hike. What has been said is based

on practical experience, and if instructions are followed the hike will be successful.

We must be sure we accomplish the aim we have in going on a hike, the boys see a bigger and better world; that they are better

boys, both in body and mind and the work of their hands.

Special Activities

Special Contest in Dramas, Stories and Poems

In order to encourage local talent and to present Latterday

Saint and western ideals in the form of art, the Eairbanks Art Studio offer, through the General Roards of M. I. A., certain works of art

as prizes for the best creations in drama, short stories, and poems.

This offer has met hearty approval.

The products submitted in this competition should treat on western life as it affects or is affected by the ideals of Latterday Saints.

They should portray beautiful ideals or sentiments from history, from life or from fantasy and should bear on the development of human lives.

The contest will be conducted under the auspices of the editors of the Era and Journal and a Joint Committee of the General Roards who will appoint competent judges to award the prizes.

MUTUAL WORK 1035

DRAMA

1st prize—A $50 painting by J. B. Fairbanks, entitled "The Pioneers Entering the Valley."

2nd prize—A plaster relief of "A Pioneer,"by Avard Fairbanks.

3rd prize—A plaster relief of Joseph Smith, by Avard Fairbanks.

Dramas must consist of two or more acts, and be adaptable to production in local ward amusement halls.

The prize dramas will be published with a view to having them produced by the M. 1. A. throughout the Church.

STORIES

1st prize—A,$25 painting of "The Hill Cumorah,"by J. Leo

Fairbanks. 2nd prize—A plaster relief of Joseph Smith, by Avard Fairbanks. 3rd prize—A plaster relief of Hyrum Smith, by Avard Fairbanks.

The prize stories will be published in the Era or Journal and will be used in preliminary exercises of the associations. The length

of the stories should be between 2500 and 3000 words.

1st.prize—A plaster relief of "A Pioneer,"by Avard Fairbanks. 2nd prize—A plaster relief of Joseph Smith, by Avard Fairbanks. 3rd prize—A plaster relief of Hyrum Smith, by Avard Fairbanks.

The prize poems will be published in the M. 1. A. magazines, and

also may be used in the preliminary exercises of the associations.

Poems should consist of no more than about 50 lines.

This contest is open to all, extending from September 1, 1916, to January 1, 1917. The dramas, stories and poems must be strictly

original and must not have been published or in contests prior to this announcement. The subjects of the dramas, stories and poems

must be based upon "Mormon"ideals. The dramas, stories and poems

that win in these contests shall become the property of the Y. M-

and Y. L. M. I. A. General Boards.

Class Study

Schedule of Y. M. M. I. A. Meetings

The following schedule of meetings for 191617 has been prepared, and it is requested by the Committee on Class Study that officers of the various associations throughout the Church conform as nearly as possible to the schedule in their studies for the coming season, so that there may be uniformity in the associations.

For associations meeting Tuesday evenings:

October:10—Opening social. December:5—Lesson 6. 17—Lesson 1. 12—Lesson 7. 19—Lesson 8. 24—Lesson activity. 31—Special 2.activity. 26—Special

January November: 2—Lesson 9. 7—Lesson 3. 9—Lesson 14—Lesson 4. 16—Lesson 10. 21—Lesson 5. 23—Lesson 11.12.

activity. 28—Special activity. 30—Special

1036 IMPROVEMENT ERA

February:6—Lesson 13. March:6—Lesson 16. Review Junior. 13—Lesson 14. 13—Lesson 17. Review Junior. 20—Lesson 15. 20—Lesson 18. Review Junior. 27—Special activity. 27—Closing special activity.

For associations meeting Sunday evenings:

October:10—Opening social. Tanuary:7—Joint. IS—Joint. 14—Lesson 10. 22—Lesson 1. 21—Lesson 11. 29—Lesson 2. 28—Lesson 12.

November:5—Joint. February:4—Joint. 12—Lesson 11—Lesson 13. 19—Lesson 18—Lesson 14. 26—Lesson 25—Lesson 15.

December: 1 3—Joint.—Lesson 6. March:11—Lesson4—Joint. 16. Review Junior. 17—Lesson 7. 18—Lesson 17. Review Junior. 24—Lesson 8. 25—Lesson 18. Review Tunior. 31—Lesson 9. 27—Closing special activity.

The Committee suggests that one Tuesday evening each month be devoted to joint special activities, where associations meet on Sunday evenings.

Suggestive Programs for Sunday Evening Joint Meetings

The General Boards present the following suggestive programs with the hope that they will be helpful to officers in conducting Sunday evening joint meetings. If they cannot be used entirely they may

be modified to suit local conditions, or they may suggest other subjects. For example, if the material for the Grieg program is not available, another musician might be chosen and his life and works treated

similarly to the plan here given:

1. AN EVENING WITH OUR ASSOCIATIONS

Opening exercises.

Sketch of the Organization and Development of the Y. M. M. I. A.—See Y. M.

M. I. A. hand Book, 1915, and Improvement Era, Vol. 1.

Music.

Sketch of the Organization and Development of the Y. L. M. I. A.—See Y. L. M.

I. A. History and Young Woman's Journal.

Music.

Remarks on advantages of active membership in the Associations.

Closing exercises.

(For the vocal musical exercises, selections by the chorister or choir leader can be made from the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. song books and other available publications.)

2. AN EVENING WITH THE SEASON'S SPECIAL WORK

Opening exercises.

Preview of the work of the regular sessions of 191617, as outlined by the Y. L.

M. I. A. General Board.

Music.

Preview of the work of the regular sessions of 191617 as outlined by the Y. M. M.

I. A. General Board.

(Consult Guide Work and Manuals for 191617.)

Music..

Suggestions on how the members assigned to lessons may get results from the

Guide and Manual work.

Closing exercises.

(For the vocal musical exercises, selections from the Y. L. M. I. A. Song Book

and similar publications would be appropriate.)

MUTUAL WORK 1037 3. AN EVENING WITH ONE OF ZION'S HYMN WRITERS

Singing, "The Morning Breaks the Shadows Flee"—L. D. S Hymn Book '*"d S Prayer.

Singing, "Come, O Thou King of Kings"—Hymn Book, p. 209

Brief sketch of the life of Apostle Parley P. Pratt.—see Church History, Biographical Encyclopedia, Autobiography of Parley P. Pratt, Y. M. M. I. A. Manuals, 1908-9,

Singing, "Lo, the Gentile Chain is Broken"—Hymn Book, p. 102. Comment on leading lines of thought in three hymns named.

Singing, "Hark! Ye Mortals, Hist! Be Still"—Hymn Book, p. 35.

Closing prayer.

(If desired, others hymns by Elder Pratt, in the Hymn Book, may be sung.)

4. AN EVENING WITH AN EARLY CHURCH MARTYR

Singing, "O Say what is Truth"—Hymn Book, p. 71.

Prayer.

Singing, "How Great the Wisdom and the Love"—Hymn Book, p. 401.

Sketch of the life of Elder David VV. Patten, killed in Crooked River battle. (Consult Church History, Vol. Ill, pp. 4-8, 4954, 170175; Historical Record, pp. 1924.

5456.) Singing, "Shall the Youth of Zion Falter?"—D. S. S. U. Song Book, No. 179.

Comment on conditions surrounding the Saints at the time of Elder Patten.'s martyrdom, and lessons drawn therefrom for the present generation. (Same references

as above.) Singing, "Do What is Right"—Hymn Book, p. 165.

5. AN EVENING WITH HOLIDAYS

Opening exercises.

New Year or Christmas story.

Musical numbers.

Inspirational New Year talk.

Singing, "All Hail the Newborn Year"—Hymn Book, p. 346.

Prayer. 6. AN EVENING WITH LOWELL

Opening exercises.

Brief biographical sketch of Lowell. (Consult any standard work on American

literature.)

Reading, "The Present Crisis."

Music.

Recitation, "The First Snowfall."

Reading, "Rhoecus."

Music.

Story,(Note—Four"The Visionpoems ofof SirLowell,Launfal.""The (QuoteFountain,"the most"June,"impressive"Longing,"passages.)and 'True

Freedom,"have been set to music. If any members have them, they will add mucb

to the program.)

7. AN EVENING WITH "AUNT EM"WELLS

Singing, "Our Mountain Home so Dear."

Prayer.

Singing, "Sing the Sweet and Touching Story"-—L. D. S. Hymn, Psalmody,

Biographical sketch of Sister Wells. (Consult Young Woman's Journal, Vol. 19,

p. 178; Vol. 26, p. 139; Y. L. M. I. A. History, p. 45; Whitney's History of Utah,

Vol. IV, p. 586.)

Instrumental music Readings from Musings and Memories, by E. B. Wells, vis., "My Hear Old Garden,""Somewhere,""Mizpah,""At Last,""October."

Reto.- story, "Some Old Love Letters,"see Young Woman's Journal, October,

1916.

Closing exercises.

8. AN EVENING WITH AN EARLY CHURCH MARTYR.

Singing, "Let Us Pray, Gladly Pray"—Hymn Book, p. 194.

Opening exercises.

Singing, "Come, Come, Ye Saints"—Hymn Book, p. 58.

Sketch of the life of Elder Warren Smith, killed at Hauu's Mill. (See Church

History, Vol. Ill, pp. 323325; Historical Record, pp. 8388, and 671684.

Singing, "When First the Glorious Light of Truth"—Hymn Book, p. 390.

Reading, "The Trials of the Present Day"—Hymn Book, p. 138.

Singing, "Redeemer of Israel"-—Hymn Book, p. 212.

1038 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Comment on conditions surrounding the Saints at tue time of Elder Smith's martyrdom, and lessons to be drawn therefrom for the present generation. (Consult same

references.)

Singing, "Softly Beams the Sacred Dawning"—Hymn Book, p. 33.

Prayer. 9. AN EVENING WITH GRIEG

Singing.

Prayer.

Violin selection, "Berceuse,"by Grieg.

Biographical(Note—An eveningsketch ofofGrieg.unusual(ConsultinterestYoungmay beWoman'sprovidedJournal,if the Vol.one 20,givingp. 547.)the

sketch is a lover of this great musician, and can find others to assist who understand and love his music. The one giving the sketch will dilate on the different phases of

his work, and when mentioning some of his marked characteristics will have them illustrated- by vocal or piano selections. For example: During his early life he composed

under German influence. The tender beauty and passionate intensity of this is best

illustrated in "Ich Liebe Dich."Again: When Grieg played the music for Ibsen's

wonderful drama, "Per Gynt,"the latter was delighted that his words had been understood by the musician. Illustrate by having played "Morning,""Ametra's Dance,"

"Asa's Death,"and let "Solrijg's Lied"be sung. In the Journal sketch will be founc'.

references to many of his choice compositions from which selections for illustration may be made. Other piano selections which show his love for the Norwegian folk

music with its abrupt changes and minors are "Solitary Wanderer,""Norwegian Bridal

Procession,"or any of the "Northern Dances."Wellknown piano selections are "The

Butterfly,""To Spring."Appropriate songs typically Norwegian or Griegian are "A

Swan,""The Old Mother,""Hidden Love."Other wellknown songs are "Two Brown

Eyes"and "The First Primrose."

For some of the above see Grieg Album, Vols. I and II, Shirmer edition.

10. AN EVENING WITH ONE OF ZION'S HYMN WRITERS

Singing, "Now Let Us Rejoice in the Day of Salvation"—Hymn Book, p: 198.

Prayer.

Singing, "Wake, O Wake the World from Sleeping '—Hymn Book, p. 332.

Sketch of the life of W. W. Phelps Historical Record, Biographical Encyclopedia.

Singing, "The Spirit of God Like a Fire is Burning"—Hymn Book, p. 268.

Comment on leading lines of thought of the three hymns named.

Singing, "Praise to the Man who Communed with Jehovah"—Hymn Book, p. 325.

Prayer. (If desired, still other hymns by Elder Phelps, in the Hymn Book, may be sung.)

11. AN EVENING WITH THE PATRIOTS.

Singing, "The Starspangled Banner"—Hymn Jiook, p. 456.

Prayer.

Singing, "Hail Columbia,"by M. I. A. Chorus.

Sketch of the attainment of American independence.

Singing, "O Saints, Have You Seen"—Hymn Book, p. 70.

Comment on divine prophecy of the establishment of the United States government. (See Book of Mormon, p. 26, verses 1020; p. 84, verses 1014.)

Singing, "My Country, 'tis of Thee"—Hymn Book, p. 455.

Remarks on the Constitution divinely inspired. (See Doctrine and Covenants, p.

357, verses 79, 80.)

Singing, "Our God, We Raise to Thee,"Hymn Book, p. 46.

Prayer. 12. AN EVENING WITH ZION'S HYMN WRITERS

Singing, "Truth Reflects Upon Our Senses"—Hymn Book, p. 297.

Prayer.

Singing, "How Great the Wisdom and the Love"—Hymn Book, p. 401.

Sketch of the life of Eliza R. Snow. (See Church History, Historical Record,

Biographical Encyclopedia, Y. L. M. I. A. History.)

Singing, "I'll Serve the Lord while I am Young"—Hymn Book, p. 367.

Reading, "Evening Thoughts,"or "What it is to be a Saint,"poems by E. R. Snow,

Vol. I, p. 3. Or, "Let those who would be Saints Indeed"—Hymn Book, p. 182. Singing, "The Tide of Time is Ebbing Low"—D. S. S. U. Song Book, No. 96.

Lesson, The spirit of the hymns written by Sister Snow.

Singing, "O My Father"—Hymn Book, p. 143.

Prayer. (If desired, still other hymns by Sister Snow may be sung.)

'i i i i i ) i; i; [ i i i i i i i t i i; m

PASSING EVENTS

Charles Evans Hughes, Republican presidential candidate, has declared himself strongly in favor of woman suffrage.

J. Frank Hanly, former governor of Indiana, was nominated by

the Prohibition party for president of the United States, on the 21st of Julv. For vice president they nominated Ira D. Landrith, of

Nashville, Tennessee.

The English war debt is climbing up to large sums. In late July,

the House of Commons was asked for the eleventh time to give a vote of credit to the amount of three million pounds. This brings the war

total up to approximately $12,549,500,000

A bomb exploded at San Francisco during a preparedness parade in that city on the 22nd of July. As a result eight people were killed,

and a large number injured, with several buildings wrecked, on corner

Stewart and Market streets. The guilty party was apprehended.

Le Grand Richards, formerly president of the Netherlands Mission, who was set apart November, 1913, and recently honorably released, returned to Salt Lake City on the 10th of July with his family all well. John A. Butterworth succeeds him as president of the illusion.

The British aggressive campaign continued during July and up to the present writing, in the sweltering midsummer heat which struck northern France on July 29. Offensive operations were renewed which

were bitterly resisted by the Germans, with great loss of life on both sides.

A hail storm passed over parts of Utah county in a swath about three miles wide, on the 7th of August and destroyed in about ten minutes beets and grain to the value of from ten to twenty thousand dollars. Hailstones fell that were four inches in circumference and an

inch to an inch and a quarter in diameter.

George W. Goethals, builder of the Panama Canal, resigned his

position as governor of the canal zone, in the latter part of July, and will retire from active service also in the United States Army. The

completed Panama canal stands as an everlasting monument to his energy and ability. He has been succeeded by Colonel Chester

Harding.

The navy appropriation bill, with a threeyear building program including the immediate construction of four dreadnoughts, four great battle cruisers, and fiftyeight other craft, passed the senate on the 21st of July, the vote being 71 to 8. It carries an appropriation of

$315,826,843, or over $45,000,000 more than the total when the measure passed the house Christian Jensen died in Mt. Pleasant, Utah. August 4. He was

1040 IMPROVEMENT ERA

91 years of age, the oldest citizen of that town, lie was horn in Den11 ark, June 7, 1825, and came to Utah in 1856. He filled a mission to

Denmark in 187980, served two years as City Councilman in 1896-7, and was a Black Hawk War veteran, and an active member in Church and political work.

The epidemic of infantile paralysis continued with unabated fury in New York City during the latter part of July and August. The

total recorded deaths since the epidemic began, June 26, up to August

X, were 1,196 and the number of cases reported 5,347. Nothing entirely effective to stay the disease has yet been discovered by the

physicians, although every effort is being made to stay the epidemic.

On the 8th of August 40 cases were reported in Chicago.

Good roads money to the amount of $56,950 comes to the state of

Utah out of the five million dollars recently appropriated to be distributed among the states of the Union, by the national government.

To be entitled to its share, each state must provide an amount equal to that put up by the federal government. This will give Utah, if the

state authorities appropriate the necessary amount, over $113,000 to be expended on the state roads of Utah in the year to come.

A cloud burst on the 26th of July, at Milford, did much damage to farms. Hundreds of acres of land were flooded and a dozen bridges

were swept out and a number of farm buildings were wrecked. Lightning struck the barns of the state experiment station and hurled parts

of it a hundred feet away. Another cloud burst occurred in the mountains northwest of Milford, but luckily resulted in no damage.

William Kesler, formerly secretary of the SwissGerman mission, who was pressed into the European war in its early stages, was slain on a European battlefield on July 1st of this year, according to a cablegram received at the office of the First Presidency on the 22nd of July, from President H. W. Valentine, president of the SwissGerman mission. It is believed that young Kesler was the grandson

of the late Bishop Fred Kesler of the 16th ward, Salt Lake City. He

was born in Pleasant Green, Utah, and his father is now living at

Lethbridge, Canada.

James Whitcomb Riley, the noted Indiana poet, died on the 22nd of July at his home, age 63 years. On October 7,,1915, a unique celebration was held in Indiana, and in the schools of the United States,

attended by more than a million children, in his honor. He was born

in the middle west. At the request of the governor Mr. Riley's bod>

laid in state at the Indiana capitol building for two days, and the people of the state were thus given an opportunity to pay their last respects to the "Hoosier poet."

Blacklisting cf American business firms was objected to by

American Ambassador Page who presented a strong note to the

British foreign office on the 28th of July, protesting against the action of Britain prohibiting British subjects from trading with 82 specified firms in the United States, who are suspected of being proGerman.

The note insists that Americans are entirely within their rights in trading with the people or governments of any of the nations now at war.

Charles R. Mabey, of Davis County, former member of the State

Legislature, was nominated Republican candidate for Congress from

PASSING EVENTS 1041

the Second Congressional district of Utah, at Salt Lake City, August 9.

There were six candidates: Charles R. Mabey, W. E. Rydalch, A. R.

Barnes, R. W. Salisbury, James Devine, T. L. Holman. The first

ballot stood: Mabey 118, Rydalch 39, Barnes 32, Salisbury 67, Devine

25, and Holman 82. The third ballot upon which Mr. Mabey was

elected, stood: Mabey 218, Holman 97, Barnes 23, Salisbury 24.

Prohibition in Russia has received a permanent imeptus by the passage of a law by the Russian Duma which makes permanent the prohibition of liquor drinking that was enforecd two years ago as a war measure. The Duma has also passed a law giving the peasants

civil rights equal to those enjoyed by the rest of the population. The

peasants did not receive full electoral and civil rights when, many years ago serfdom was abolished, and it has long been the aim of the liberals to remove that disability. Evidently the war is making

Russia.

Sir Roger Casement, notwithstanding the strong body of liberal public opinion which was manifest in favor of some kind of commutation of the sentence, was executed for treason in connection with the recent Irish rebellion by hanging, at 9 o'clock on the morning of August 3, at the Pentonville jail. His relatives'request for his body was

refused. Casement is said to have met his death with calm courage

having the last rites of the Catholic church administered to him just before the execution. When the priest recited the litany of the dying,

Casement responded in low tones, "Lord, have mercy on my soul."

The Lloyd George plan for the government of Ireland was made public on July 5. Under it the new Irish parliament will be organized

to consist of an appointed senate and seventyeight Irish members of the British parliament who will have seats at Westminster, as well as at Dublin. It is provided that within a year of the end of the

war an imperial conference will decide on the permanent character of the Irish government. In the meantime, the dispatches announce the

reappointment of Baron Wimborne as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and considerable opposition to the new plan, and the old quarrel seems to have been renewed.

Timothy C. Hoyt, of Ogden, formerly head of the Lands department of the Fourth district Forest Service, was named Republican

candidate for Congres*s from the First Utah Congressional district, at the Congressional convention held in the Orpheum Theatre, Ogden, on

August 10. Four candidates were in the field, the others being

Thomas W. O'Donnell of Vernal, Congressman Joseph Howell of

Cache, and Judge Jacob Johnson of Sanpete. Mr. Hovt was elected

on the third ballot, receiving 251 J/2 votes to O'Donnell's 160, Joseph

Howell's 13J/2, and Johnson's none. On the first ballot Hoyt received

\77Y?, Howell 9\]/2, Johnson 77, and O'Donnell 73.

The Danish West Indies have been purchased by the United

States at a cost of $25,000,000 and the abandonment of all exploration claims in Greenland. The islands consist of St. Thomas, St. John,

and Santa Cruz or Croix. St. Thomas has an area of 26 square miles

and a population of about 15,000; and St. Croix, an area of 74 square

miles with a population of about 20,000. Sugar is the main crop. The

sale has met with considerable opposition from the Danish press.

The opening of the Panama canal has given a new importance to these islands as they stand where the steamer route from Europe to 1042 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Panama crosses the route from New York to South America, commanding the Caribbean sea. The advantages to this country will be

largely political and strategic.

"Deutschland,"the German merchant submarine which arrived some weeks ago in the Chesapeake, after a trip through the British blockade from Bremen, Germany, passed away from Baltimore on

August 1, on the very day of the second anniversary of Germany's declaration of war against Russia. She was loaded with a return

cargo of rubber and nickel, at Baltimore. Captain Paul Koenig was

confident that he would avoid the eight warships of the entente allies that were waiting for him'at the threemile limit, spread out in a radius of five miles. A sister ship, "Bremen"was expected into the

American port at any time, but up to this date (Aug. 12) has not been

heard from. "You have been more than courteous,"said the captain

to the surveyor of customs, "and the fatherland will not forget it."

William Thurston Ferguson, 28 years of age, was drowned in

Utah Lake near his home in Lake Shore, on the 1st day of August.

He was employed in the Sugar factory and went out on the lake in a boat to bathe. Rowing out to where the water was about twelve

feet deep, accompanied by two of his younger brothers, he dove into the water, but never arose until his dead body was found the next morning. He was a graduate of the University of Utah, a brilliant

student, a noted debater, and popular among his fellow students. He

made his home in Emerson ward, in this city, while a student of the

University, where he took interest in Church work, and he held the office of a Seventy. He was under contract to teach mathematics in

the Spanish Fork High school next year.

An explosion of 80 carloads of munitions of war, on the pier at the Black Tom Island, on the New Jersey coast, near New York City,

July 30, killed a number of persons and destroyed about $30,000,000 worth of property. It shook great office buildings in New York to

their foundations, and covered the streets for miles around with broken glass. Many ships and warehouses were also destroyed by

fire which followed the explosion. Whole cases of shrapnel were

hurled half a mile, bombarding the harbor, Ellis Island and Jersey

City with shot, shell and debris. It was charged that blame for the

explosion lay with either the Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, or the storage companies, and that some of them had violated the laws of

New Jersey by permitting barges, loaded with explosives, to remain moored at the piers over night.

Matthew H. Walker, pioneer banker and financier, and president

of the Walker Brothers Banking Company, died in Salt Lake City,

July 28, 1916. He was born in Yorkshire, England, January 16, 1845.

and was the youngest of the four Walker brothers whose names are indissolubly associated with the material development and progress of Utah. In 1852, the family having been converted to the faith of

the Latterday Saints crossed the ocean to America. They remained

two years in St. Louis where the father died. The widow and the

four sons decided to come to Utah, and came over the plains in ox teams in 1855. From that time on, the boys supported their mother,

and in 1859 entered business on their own account, on Main Street, including banking in a primitive way. They became pioneers in this

line succeeding admirably in business. Their great bank at present

has a deposit of over seven million dollars. Mr. Walker was the

PASSING EVENTS 1043

- Elargest individual real estate owner in Salt Lake City. 4MHis other

three brothers preceded him in death.

Professor Evan Stephens, conductor of the Tabernacle Choir, has tendered his resignation, in a letter received at the President's office,

July 22. The resignation was reluctantly accepted. Professor A. C.

Lund, who was at the time in charge of the music department of the

Hrigham Young University, at Provo, has been chosen Professor

Stephens'successor. Professor Stephens has had charge of the choir

for almost twentysix years. He leaves with the love and loyalty of

thousands of the people, singers, and fellow workers. During his

incumbency great progressive strides in music have been made in the

Church. Professor Stephens was born in South Wales, June 28, 1854,

and came to Utah when he was twelve years of age, traveling over the plains in an ox team. He settled at Willard, Uox Elder county

where, at the age of fourteen, he became deeply interested in music in the ward choir. In 1879, Professor Stephens was called to be the

organist for the Logan Tabernacle choir, in which city he also began to teach music classes. He came to Salt Lake in 1882, studying the

organ under Professor Joseph J. Daynes, and later taught music in

the University of Utah; and he spent a year at the New England Conservatory of Music. In 1890, he organized various musical societies

and the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir which, under his leadership, has toured many of the states of the Union and competed in many musical contests. It has grown under his direction to be the best known

musical organization in the country. He was in charge of the music

of the public schools of Salt Lake City for two years introducing the study of music into them.

His successor, Prof. A. C. Lund, is the son of President and Mrs.

Anthon H. Lund, and was born in Ephraim, Utah, in 1871. He attended the public schools, the Brigham Young University, and spent

three years in the Royal Conservatory of Leipzig, Germany, from which institution he graduated in 1894. He then studied for one year

in Paris and one year in London, and was the professor of music at the Brigham Young University for a number of years, laboring there when called to this new position.

The Republican State convention was held in Ogden on Tuesday,

August 8. Senator George Sutherland was renominated to succeed

himself in the United States Senate. Nephi L. Morris was nominated

candidate for Governor on the third ballot, receiving 313 2-3 votes, L. R. Anderson against Governor Spry's 188 and E. E. Jenkins'42 l/2

52, A. W. Carlson 13& Mackay 11, and Rideout 4 1-3, the first ballot

having given Spry 197 lA, Morris 246 2-3, and Jenkins 69y2.

Other state officers were nominated as follows: Supreme Court

Justice. D. N. Straup; Secretary of State, Lincoln G. Kelly: Attorney

General, Harold P. Fabian; Auditor, Joseph Jensen; Treasurer, David

11. Madsen; Superintendent of Public Instruction, Dr. E. G. Gowans;

Presidential Electors, Asa J. Holley of Sevier, Orrin Seeley, Sr., of

Emery, Thomas Smart of Cache. David Jensen of Weber.

In the platform resolutions were incorporated declaring for good roads and pledging "The incoming Governor and legislative assembly, if Republican, promptly, and not less than 15 days before the close of the next session of the Legislature, to enact a law effectively prohibiting, by direct legislation, the manufacture and the sale, by prescription or otherwise, of intoxicating liquors of all kinds within the state of

Utah, a law which shall be thoroughgoing, unambiguous, and as in capable of evasion as language can make it; and that said law go into

effect within six months after its passage."

1044 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The platform also pledges "our candidate for the United States

Senate, to favor by his vote and every other way possible, every measure that shall be introduced into Congress for the elimination of the liquor traffic and for the securing of National prohibition."

Further, the platform favors a workman's compensation law, a constitutional amendment conferring the elective franchise on.women,

providing for proper recognition of women on state boards and commisions; providing for a public utilities commission, and an antipass

law, legislation for the protection of workers against writs of injunction and from dangers incident to industry and transportation, demanding a faithful observance of the eighthour law, protesting against

National Government special taxes in times of peace, and providing for public schools being kept entirely free from partisan politics.

Pioneer day was celebrated in Ogden on July 24 with a program which included a great parade of attractive floats, headed by three hundred pioneers in automobiles, as the first division; Washakie Indians, Franciscan fathers, trappers, and floats representing Utah before the entrance of the pioneers, as the second division; floats showing the several nations represented in the state's population, as the

third division, ten nations being represented; the fourth division consisted of the oldfashioned cradle scythe followed by the modern reaper and binder, different methods of transportation, and the volunteer

firemen. The fifth division consisted of floats giving the community

growth, showing early log cabins and modern homes. Then followed

the organizations, including the Boy Scouts, BeeHive girls, Daughters of the Pioneers, as the final division. There were five bands in

the parade. A short program was given at Glenwood Park at which

President Joseph F. Smith spoke, also Mayor Abbot R. Heywood,

Rev. Cnshnahan, President L. W. Shurtliff. A poem dedicated to the

Daughters of the Pioneers was read by Mrs. Eunice Wattis Bowman.

Three hundred Weber county pioneers were given a luncheon in the canyon. Elder David O. McKay was the toastmaster. It was pronounced one of the grandest celebrations ever held in the state.

Ensign Peak day. The sixtyninth anniversary of the naming of

Ensign Peak was celebrated by the Boy Scouts of Ensign stake, N.

W. Reynolds stake scout commissioner, on July 26, in commemoration

of the visit of Brigham Young's party to the peak on that date, in 1847. Among the speakers were B. H. Roberts who gave a talk on

the early history connected with the peak, and also the pioneers who first entered the valley. A resolution was adopted providing that the

celebration of Ensign Peak Day shall be observed by the Boy Scouts of the Ensign stake annually, with an invitation to all other scouts to take part. Other speakers were Mrs. Ruth May Fox and Scout Commissioner Dr. John H. Taylor, John Giles, stake superintendent, and

N. W. Reynolds, stake scout commissioner. The Ensign stake scout

officers went on a hike to Brighton on the 16th. Accompanying was

Lester W. Mangum, representing Jesse Knight who has donated a

permanent camp ground to the Ensign stake scouts on which will be erected a permanent log cabin. There will also be a baseball diamond

and tennis courts.

THREE THINGS ARE necessary for a successful school 1. A CAPABLE FACULTY;

2. AN EFFICIENT EQUIPMENT;

3. A WORTHY STUDENT BODY.

THE UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Employs a faculty with a higher scholarship than any like institution in the West.

It places at the disposal of its students the best equipment that is produced.

It is noted throughout the country for its capable student body.

You have the opportunity to place yourself under the guidance of this wonderful faculty, use this splendid equipment, to add one more to this excellent student body.

REMEMBER THIS

If y,ou are over eighteen, even though you have not had a high school education, you may enter the UTAH AGRI CULTURAL COLLEGE. You will

find courses especially adapted to your needs.

Degree courses are offered in Agriculture, Home Economics, Agricultural Engineering, and Mechanic Arts, Commerce, and Genera! Science.

The school year begins Tuesday, September 19, 1916. Write for

catalogue and illustrated circular. A personal letter to the President is always welcomed and will be

given prompt consideration.

Address: THE PRESIDENT, UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, Logan

. u u UTAH UNIVERSITY

"The State's Laboratory For Preparedness"

Will Open September 14th

TRAINING IN

Arts Medicine Scences Engineering Law Teaching

Prepares for: Makes for:

Social and political service Broader and larger manhood

Professional and business life Nobler, more intelligent womanhood

IVrite Secretary at U. of U. for 1916 Catalogue

! DO IT NOW

u u Improvement Era, September, 1916

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Fre*.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph F. Smith, Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

The Temple at Laie, T. H Frontispiece

The Temple in Hawaii. Illustrated Dr. John A. Widtsoe 953

The Parable of the Broken Flask Dr. James E. Talmage... 959

Pugnacity and Gregariousness Dr. E. G. Gowans 961

Outlines for Scout Workers. Illustrated D. W. Parratt, B. S 968

Flag of the United States B. H. Roberts 973

The True Gentleman Orson F. Whitney 980

The "Higher Criticism."I Robert C. Webb 984

"'Mormonism's'Message to the World"990

The Seer. Prize Story H. R. Merrill 994

Victims Three. A Story D. W. Cummings 999

Humor N>phi Jensen -002. 1006 The Meaning of Education E. G. Peterson, Ph. D..

Stories of Unwise Men Dr. Frank S. Harris 1009

The Greatness of Little Things J. C. Hogenson 1011

. 1015 On Villa's Trail. Illustrated Hon. Anthony W. Ivins.

Editor's Table—Doctrinal Questions—Solid for Abolition of Booze—Why Some Men are

Failures 1020 Messages from the Missions 1022

Priesthood Quorums'Table 1028

Mutual Work 1031 Passing Events 1039 PUSH AHEAD!

today in the Begin Right—Enroll

L. D. S. Business College

SALT LAKE CITY FALL TERM BEGINS SEPTEMBER 1st

Day Sessions, $7.00 a Month Evenings, $4.00 a Month

Joseph Smith as Harold Bell Wright's

New Book Scientist By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

scientific exposiof best the One the of teachings the tions of"When A Man's

Prophet Joseph Smith yet published. A Man"

Now Ready ClothPaper BindingBinding 75c25c "When a Man's a Man"is a fine, Send orders to MORONI SNOW, big, wholesome novel of simple General Secretary, sweetness and virile strength. 2022 Bishop's Building,

While the pages are crowded with Salt Lake City.

the thrilling incidents that belong to the adventurous life of the unfenced land depicted, one feels, always, beneath the surface of the TELEPHONE, fTasmtch SSI stirring scenes the great, primitive life forces that enduring and porthis story of and wcmen men the Jos. Wm. Taylor

tray. Utah's Leading Undertaker

Price $1.25 By Mail $1.45 and Licensed Embalmer

Deseret Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor,

Sunday School Union Show Rooms and Morgue

Book Store OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIGBT 21, 23 and 25 South West Temple Street 44 E. on South Temple, Salt Lake City SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

thletic Organizations Both Church and School will find it greatly to their profit to consult us about theira

Season 9s Requirements.

Stnd postal tor 150 page free catalog and for information about our special prices tt clubs.

BROWNING BROS. CO., Ogden, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SHEET MUSIC 10 CENTS A COPY (Add One Cent a Copy if by Mail)

Write for FREE CATALOG of 1800 Selections—Vocal, Instrumental—from easiest to most difficult

The very best. Thi. CENTURY EDITION is not printed from

type plates but by an expensive lithograph process, thus eliminating all imperfections. Every copy is perfect in itself and is printed on full size sheet music

paper of finest quality. Any piece of music in the catalog, 1 cents.

Prominent Teachers and Musicians the world over take special pride in recommending this justly celebrated DaynetBeebe Music Co.,

45 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. iditien.

Please tend me CENTURY MUSIC Cata log mentioned in the ERA.

Name Address OLDER THAN TMI STATI OF UTAH

ASSETSLIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you ifyou live

MILLION Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the tame time you are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Joseph F. Sailh, Preside*! Vtrmt.nt Bldg., Salt Laka Lorenzo N. Sihl.VicPrts. 6t Mir

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA