1951 IMPROVEMENTERAMAY

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

EIGHTH PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS -*- MAY 21, 1945APRIL 4, 1951 -u<r- April 4, 1870 - April 4, 1951 <r-

IT! THE GAS RANGE HAS

npO bake your best, you need oven temperand brown identically. You don't have to

A ature that's really uniform. That calls shift pans... or even peek at your food.

for the oven heat control of an automatic With gas, you bake and roast by precise gas range. A marvelous piece of equipment! time and temperature... not by guesswork.

It vigilantly stands guard over the baking But uniform oven heat is just one of the temperature you select... all during bakmany exclusive advantages of gas. To know

ing. Every part of your gas range oven is cooking at its easiest and best, you need a

this same temperature, too, because air circunew automatic gas range. Why not see the

lation distributes the heat uniformly around displays at dealers or your Gas Company?

your food. You can bake four layers of cake You'll be happy to learn that they cost less

at once, for example, and have each rise to buy, less to operate.

cooks better, costs /ess &4S MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

PURITY'S

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

TN Teheran, Iran, there is a Beggars'*- School. About three years ago fasfesttr/m'se

3500 beggars were gathered together and a school started, to teach them to work and make things—rugs, stockings, beads, and paintings. The former

beggars are paid a small sum for the work done, and when they can get a job or go into some business, they leave the school. Begging, a

curse of the Middle and Far East, has been practically eliminated in Teheran since beggars when caught are sent to school.

'THE water of the Black Sea is en- * tirely different from that of the

Mediterranean into which it drains because the precipitation and runoff exceed the evaporation. The less

dense water on the surface goes out to the Mediterranean with very little change of the deep water as a result.

Practically then, the deep water of the Black Sea is stagnant, indicated by the fact that below a depth of six hundred feet the water contains no oxygen, but large quantities of hydrogen sulfide from the decomposition of the organic matter accumulated on the bottom. Only anaerobic bacteria

can exist in this deeper part of thewater which has five times the volume YOU of the upper portion where other organisms can live. JUST

(district HHHE which inKwanto CAN'T -L eludes Tokyo, Japan ) earthquake of 1923 of was one the greatest of QUIT times.modern Misaki on the At

Miura peninsula the ground rose twentyfour feet eleven inches, on EATING

September first, only to sink gradually, until on September 26 it was only fourfeet, seven inches above its former THEM level. Amazing changes occurred on

the bottom of Sagami Bay. A comparison of soundings of the bay before and after the earthquake revealed

large areas of elevation and sinking.

An increase of volume of the bay due to sinking of some areas amounted to twelve and a half cubic miles, while due to elevation in other parts a decrease in volume of five cubic miles.

The depression maximum to due the Crackersearthquake feet, was about 690 while purity Town House the maximum elevation was about 820 feet. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix

(Continued on page 306) MAY 1951 305 "... IF POLITICAL LEADERS HAD

REAL WISDOM..."

A recent press dispatch quoted a By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Yale medical expert as saying that Head of Political Science Department, "the best protection"against atom University of Utah bomb attacks would be for everyone to pack blood plasma and bandages into a suitcase and go live in the councan survive in health indefinitely.

try. Of course, if this statement had For a century or more, the same

been made by a local boy from the leaders have advised each household

University of Utah medical school, to be more than "a small granary,"most of us would pay little or no but also to be a small temple, a small attention. But having been stated by a library, a small educational institution,

man unknown to us, living at a great a small musical, artistic and social institueffective economic center, an will take it as a great and distance, we course, of "a tiny medical tion, and the statement. remarkable despite So,

fact that Salt Lake City is the home of unit."

Dr. John Z. Bowers, perhaps the na- * + * *

tion's leading medical authority on the In these times most of us have had medical problems connected with the benefit of real wisdom, real advice, atomic bombs (and dean of the Uniborn of long experience and calculaversity of Utah College of Medicine), tion of most of the probabilities. This

we will say, "Thank you, Dr. William advice has had the disadvantage of

T. Salter of Yale Unicoming from our close

versity, for this splendid friends and neighbors.

advice."Perhaps now that a man

* * * + a few thousand miles The Yale man also away has, in the atomic proposed "decentralizaage, uttered the same tion and conversion of wisdom (and his reeach household into a marks have been given small granary and mediwings by a national cal unit,"but admitted press service ), we may wise enough to consider the matter be inconsistbe... would

line as individuals. with sidewalk of thatent with"this ourplanpresent propaganda

against hoarding. However,"he continued, "it must be evident to anyone

who thinks, that the antihoarding campaign is a coverup for poor planning at the top."Dr. Salter then sagely Exploring the Universe

counseled: "If political leaders really (Continued from page 305)

had wisdom, each household would be 'T'he ages of up to 200 years for ele- a small granary and a tiny medical phants have probably been greatly longevity potential exaggerated. The modern*., unit* * combined."* * is likely elephant of the Indian

economical... If political leaders really had wisseventy years. A large elephant weighsabout

Modernize this economical dom, each household would be a small over 8000 pounds but is rarely over way with aGENUINE sidegranary and a tiny medical unit comeight feet high at the shoulder. Accordwall material of red cedar bined. ing to F. G. Benedict a fullgrown

shingles! smart Subdued, * * * * elephant will drink about fifty gallons colors give new, your home

protective beauty! Double So says the man from Yale. of water a day and from the food it

coursed construction proeats produce the heat of about thirty vides DOUBLE INSULATION! For nearly sixteen years, to my men. The period of gestation is about

Avatlahlt m 5 Dtsttncttve Colors; knowledge, the First Presidency and twenty months.

leaders of this Church in recent times

SEE YOUR NEAREST have advised each household to "be a Oaul Bergsoe has reported that in

LUMBER DEALER small granary."Many have taken this some of the more northerly regions

fishing hooks, gold of America South seriously have painfully and MORRISONMERRILL & CO. advice pins, nails, spoons, even tweezers, and of foodsupply a year's accumulated

Building Material Distributors stuffs on hand, to be constantly used safety pins have been found.

205 North 3rd West and freshened. Included in most cases,

that rabbits, relates A. Thomson of the core rather permanent the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH as

bats, squirrels, pigs, mice, air- J * guinea is in an store, of wheat a bushel

Also at hypnocan cats and dogs be and even gransmall tight metal container—"A

Pocatello, Ida., Boise, Twin Falls, turning tized board to a and fact that by fixing a It is a wellknown ary."

Reno, Mev. human being, with wheat and water, them quickly upside down.

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA o** Yesterday's women had to use washtubs, washboards and Dry Your Clothes clothespins! But why should you, a modern woman, be

clothespin, living to the the Hamilton Way pinned the convenience without of a... Ready to Iron Hamilton Automatic Clothes

Dryer? or Put Away! Today you can dry clothes

the workless way, ready to iron or put away! With a Hamilton

Automatic Clothes Dryer you avoid the backyard backache WV of heavy clothesbaskets and the worries of weather and airborne dirt. In minutes... inside... day or night... your

wash is fresh, clean and dry the Hamilton Way! Saves

hours... saves clothes...

saves you!

isssm Come In Today and See It THE ORIGINAL Wxtmlitati.

CLOTHES DRYER

* Guaranteed by m with the exclusive

Good Housekeeping -- SMNlEDAY ultrovio.let lamp

SEE ONE OF THESE HAMILTON DEALERS FOR A FREE DEM ONSTRATION OF THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER.

Provo Taylor 250 West Center UTAH DEALERS

Furniture Bountiful and Layton Union Brothers, Company

City BradleyBadger, South 38 Salt Lake Main Provo 32 East 1st North Utah Appliance Company,.1 Helper Helper Furniture Company'

Murray Plumbing and Appliance Co Murray

Peterson Appliance Company Salt Lake City IDAHO DEALERS

Price Trading Company Price J. G. Read and Bros. Company, 24th and Kiesel Ogden Foster's, Incorporated, 816 Bannock Street..,..,. Boise

Schoss Furniture and Electric Co., 355 24th St Ogden Home Laundry and Equipment Co., 427 Center St Pocatello

H. P. Sparrow Company Roy Sam Jones Furniture and Appliance Co:..;:."Blaekfoot

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

MAY 1951 307 yjjfhcial {JfQan o, THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCA- % TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH Jke Lhurcn of

or cU.aiter-a.au Salnti

rw VOLUME 54 NUMBER 5 ay 1951 THE COVER Editors:DAVID GEORGEO. McKAYALBERTJOHNSMITHA. B.WIDTSOEApril 4, - IS70—D.RICHARDAprilL. 4,EVANS1951 The fourcolor process photograph of

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN President George Albert Smith which

C. Editor: JOSEPHSON Associate Managing MARBA first this cover apmonth's on appears Editor: J. - Research ALBERT Editor: MOFFiTT Manuscript ELIZABETH

1950. in April cover peared as an Era - Director: Art NELSONL. WHITE Editor: Family"SHEPHERD ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's BURL

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM That issue honored President Smith on

A. PALMER NIBLEY HARRIS, JR. - HUGH FRANKLIN of the eightieth anniversary the occasion

- B. - SPERRYLEE SIDNEY CLAUDES. birth. of his - S. REEDER Manager: BERTHA Associate R. General Manager: ELBERT B. CURTISPETERSEN Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT We honor our Senior Editor, a prophet

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR of the Lord and eighth president of the

Church, in death, even as we did in life. We know that this reproduction,

along with other pictures and written material contained in this issue, will be appreciated and cherished by Latterday

President George Albert Smith John A. Widtsoe 317 Saints throughout the world.

Responsibility President David O. McKay—Added NEW EDITOR

. Richard L. Evans 317

Benediction.....Richard L. Evans 318 President David O. McKay has consented to become Senior Editor of The

Church Features willImprovementappear on theseEra. pages.Messages(Seefromeditorial,him

Evidences and Reconciliations: CLIV—Does the KonTiki Voyage page 318.)

Confirm the Book of Mormon? John A, Widtsoe 318

George Albert Smith—A Prophet Goes Home John D, Giles 320 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

David O. McKay Becomes Ninth President of the Church 324 50 North Main Street

From Over the Years George Albert Smith 326 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Highlights About the Pearl of Great Price Charles E, Haggerty 331 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Connecticut's Early Records Microfilmed Lloyd S. Hughes 334 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

to Albert Smith...319 Appointee Y.W.M.I.A. Creed, George GenMy

Inc., a Funds, 1951 CorporaCopyright Mutual by eral 334 309 Board Genealogy

of the Mutual Improvement Men's Young ".. Priesthood 310 Church Melchizedek The Moves On Christ of of Jesus 364 tionAssociation the Church

The Calling of a New President, NoLiquor-Tobacco Column.365 Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subof

by Joseph F. Smith 314 Presiding Bishopric's Page:.366 scriptionsubscriptions,price, S3.$2.5000 aa year,year, in inadvance;advance;foreign25c

single copy.

Utoh, City, Office, Entered at the Post Salt Lake Special Features for mailing matter. Acceptance as secondclass

LookingM Men Basketball,Forward to195051June Conference, 1951...LaRueClarkC. LongdenN. Stohl 327328 at1103,1918.specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2,

...Patricia Hilton Era Through the 329 The Improvement Eyes of Youth—The Man at Sunset

solicited manuscripts, butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for un-...Ruth 330 Welcome Rames Munson Home

King Solomon's Desert Iola Kimball Smith 335 Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust andbe accompaniedreturn. by sufficient John M, Horner—Conclusion Doyle L* Green 340

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Change of Address

Richard L. Evans 348, 356, 360, 380 Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. ordering change, please include a When the Universe, Franklin Bookrack 376 Exploring Homemaker's

slip issue of from address a recent the magazine.

- 305 S. Harris, Jr..-.......: unless cannot changes Address be the made 378 Punch and Cookies

"If Political as well one is included. address as the new Times, Leaders These old Dishes Antiques, Be Old May G. Real Wisdom,"Had Homer.........379 Courtney Cottam 306 Durham Advertising Representatives National for Blueprint Beauty, The Royal...339 the Bookrack On

Today's Family.. Burl Shepherd Road 381

Lessons In Eating 372 Your Page and Ours 384 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

San Francisco, California HENRY Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN,COMPANY

Money to Spend Mary E, Winchell 332 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

The Story of Sacajawea John Sherman Walker 336 HARRY V. LYTLE

The Arms of Strength Heber G. Wolsey 337 332 South Michigan Ave.

4, Illinois Frontispiece, Wilson St. Gaudens'Adams

ASSOCIATES SANGSTON Stewart Memorial, Gladys BenHome On Leave, Ruth Bassett 344338 SADLER ANDChicago342 Ave. Madison

nion 315 Sleeping Child, Gertrude L. Belser..353 New York 17, N. Y.

Poetry Page—., 316 The Sweetest of These, Betty Jean

Sunshine Maker, Nell Griffith Lese 362 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

APPOINTEE TO Y.W.M.I.A. FAST WORK

Runs so light a 2-plow tractor can

GENERAL BOARD pull it, yet it has strength and capacGET ity to make full use of bigtractor power. The Case Forage Harvester

cuts, chops, and loads an amazing WHAT tonnage of feed in an hour.

HELEN DOROTHY SIMPLICITY LINGWALL COUNTS Simple design means easy adjustment, few parts to need care. Means

less down time, more time for harMOST vesting. The job is quickly done with

the Case Harvester. It's easy to run, IN A easy to keep running.Helen Dorothy Lingwall has

been called to a position on the general board of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association as an officer. Helen has always been a tireless, FORAGE

unassuming worker in behalf of the

Church, the country, her family, and her friends.

After Pearl Harbor she joinedthe WACs, becoming a technical HARVESTER sergeant specialist in cryptography.

During her army life, which extended thirtyfour months, thirteen of which she was on overseas assignments in New Guinea and the

Philippine Islands, she found opportunity to be a missionary by living the principles of the gospel.

Returning to Salt Lake City, she began studying at the University of

Utah. She also obtained parttime

employment at the general offices of the Y.W.M.I.A. She obtained That's what Counts most in a field forage harher bachelor of science degree in vester—fast work to get the job done ahead of

the school of commercial education bad weather, simplicity to make care and mainwith the class of 1950. tenance quick, easy, and lowcost. One base maSince June conference, when the chine and three interchangeable cropgathering

girls'program of the Church came units harvest all forage crops—standing or windto she the Y.W.M.I.A., has wilted, or cured. Talk it over been rowed—green, in charge of this work. appointHer

ment as an officer of the general with your Case dealer today.

board is in line with recent general Springbalanced hopper on new board recommendations that ward Case Forage Blower eliminates and stake attendance secretaries be keepsbackingaheadto unload.of fieldExtraharvester.capacity

officers of the ward and stake Power unloader (extra) for apronboards. She will serve as attendance bottom wagons.

secretary officer of the general board and will not be assigned to CLIP AND MAIL FOR LATEST FOLDER any of the committees. Mark machines that interest you; write in margin

Miss Lingwall is the daughter of othersto J. I. youCaseneed.Co., TearDept.outE44,and Racine,paste onWis.postcard; mail

Elder and Mrs. S. A. Lingwall. At Field Forage Harvester D Hammer Mills

Blower Slicer Baler D Foragethis appointment to the general Automatic

Drills Manure Grain Seedmeterboard, she was adviser of the Spreaders

Gleaner Girls in Liberty Ward. NAME

She has been president of Liberty POSTOFFICE

Ward Y.W.M.I.A. and Gleaner RFD STATE

adviser and stake secretary of the

Y.W.M.I.A. in Liberty Stake.

MAY 1951 309 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

-At cJJaiA Jo *J-)au Chronoloau \Jf Church Luentd

der direct supervision of the Y.W. served three years as Church coFebruary 1951 M.I.A. The letter recommends, among ordinator of Indian affairs. Prior to

other things, that each bishopric meet that he served as counselor in the 1 O Elder Olin H. Ririe, former secmonthly with ward Mutual leaders Sevier Stake presidency. He is ex-

A "ond counselor, succeeds Earl S. and others concerned with the girls'pected to assume his new duties soon

Paul as president of Mt. Ogden (Utah) program, as well as with other leaders after the April general conference.

Stake. Stanley Robins retained as of youths holding the Aaronic PriestElder Henry Eyring, dean of the

first counselor and James Farr sushood. University of Utah graduate school,

tained as second counselor. President received the William H. Nichols medal

Paul has been named by the First of the American Chemical Society. The

Presidency to preside over the Samoan March 1951 award was for devising the "absolute

Mission. rate theory,"a mathematical expresElder Mark E. Petersen of the A Elder Landon Burdette Pugsion which relates the speed of a

Council of the Twelve dedicated the mire, former second counselor, chemical process to the temperature

Charleston Ward chapel, Wasatch sustained as president of Bear Lake and the strength of the bonds between

Stake, with William Stake. (UtahIdaho) (Utah) elemental atoms.

Kenneth and Ness Matthews Van Thirtyfifth T ard, (Salt Pioneer W reoffice Presiding Bishop's The as counselors. Wallentine Davis ReCity) Stake, from pororganizedLake that the nearly ceived completed word leased President E. Woodruff weretions of Thirtysecond with Ward, of the chapel St. Louis Branch, East

first his counselor, Stucki Fred and as bishop. SeelyWilson Gerhardt J. Central States Mission, had been Price.Drechsel continues as bishop of thirty dollar a thousand damaged by

Thirtysecond Ward. There are now Elder David B. Haight sustained as fire.

over 125 wards in the Salt Lake City president of the Palo Alto (California) area. Stake, succeeding B. ChrisWendell

RichBadger and Sidney V. Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards tenson. 1 IIv wasSaltmovingLake Cityfor theAirportsecondWardtime

dedicated the Logandale Ward chapel, ard B. Sonne were retained as in less than two years. The ward,

Moapa (Nevada) Stake. counselors. made up of veterans and their young

President J. Howard Shawcroft refamilies living at the Airbase Village

1 total of approximatelyO A project, has using govbeen tained Stake, housing Luis (Colorado) in San -1"70,975,300 of genealogical pages buildings ernment meetinghouses. as counselors, with new Ivan M. Thomas

records has been microfilmed by the and Joseph C. Mortensen, sustained. The stepup in the military program

Genealogical Society of the Church, Retiring counselors were Vernal J. has caused the "evictions,"as the

James M. Black, microfilm editor, anAnderson and Ivan L. Hansen. armed forces needed the space. This

nounced. time they leased from Salt Lake City

Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin of the a building that formerly was used as

O O Second annual Salt Lake region Presiding Bishopric dedicated the a training school for wayward boys.

""quartet festival of the Church chapel of the Auburn Ward, Star opened in the Assembly Hall under Valley (Wyoming) Stake. -J 1 Elder Ernest Nelson succeeded

direction of the M. I. A. Elder Stephen L Richards of the Edward L. Clissold as president

Council of the Twelve dedicated the of the Hawaiian Mission at Honolulu.

9 Eight quartets were awarded chapel of the Moreland Ward, PortPresident Nelson has been a counselor "superior"awards and another land (Oregon) Stake. in the mission presidency and is a

ten "excellent"won ratings in the secfilling missionary former to Hawaii, branches and the wards Many of annualond music festival. first 1926. 1923 to mission from the Relief his throughout Church had

Society programs in their Sunday He was for eight years bishop of the welfare regionO \ Northwest Sugar in Salt House Lake City, Ward of evening services.

the Church welfare plan organhis field before and the mission call to ized with President H. Wilford Payne several months a counselor ago he was I. Irving Beesley, CanGeorge 7 Seattleof (Washington) as Stake in the Sugar presidency. Stake House non, Knight U. John Webber,chairman. Stakes of the inregion

B. Kerr, ap- H. Yarn, and Jr., David of Headquarters the Chinese MisSeattle,clude Richland, (all Spokane the pointed to sion transferred Mutual Young Men's from was Honoluluin Washington), Portland (Oregon),

general Association Improvement to Francisco. San President Hilton A. theand Northwestern States Mission.

board. Robertson and his corps of missionaries will labor there among the Chiand Austin Frank David S. Wise C President David O. McKayy nese people. to general appointed of boardL dedicated the Highland Ward Shand

chapel—Mt. Ogden (Utah) Stake the Deseret Sunday School Union. Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards

house. dedicated the chapel of the Cleveland

Q Elder Golden R. Buchanan apWard, Bannock (Idaho) Stake.

O Q A letter has been sent by the ** pointed by the First Presidency Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin of the

"First Presidency urging ward to succeed S. Eugene Flake as presiPresiding Bishopric dedicated the new

bishoprics, Sunday School, and Y.W. dent of the Southwest Indian Mission, addition to the Amalga Ward chapel,

M.I. A. leaders to cooperate closely in with headquarters at Gallup, New Smithfield (Utah) Stake.

furthering the girls'program, now unMexico. President Buchanan has (Continued on page 382)

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wagnalls Funk & FOOLISH POUND THE STANDARD WHY COLLEGE Molloy Robert By DICTIONARY of author again, the Once first basically differThe writhas "Pride's Way"years in guide ent word tale, gentle a gay and enover 145,000 Contains in and sympathy tenwarm; tries, pages meas- 1,420

is Here in rich humor. in size and ures 6V2"x9V4"OFFERS Henri story Lemay the of is printed on beautifully

most Charleston's—the for fine paper. must A de- a citizen"honest—library permanent home

of manlightful romance edition, $5.50. Publisher's

$3.00. ed.. ners. Pub.

THE OF BOOK FAMILY TOE STORY GREATEST FAVORITE HYMNS EVER TOLD Austin Arthur By Oursler Fulton By and words the areHere tellfaithful reverent, A 100 than to moremusic of story sublime the of ing Americansof the hymns and bringing Jesus, Him short Includes most.love

lives were whose those histoandcommentaries excitwith His entwined Beautifulries each. of

book to close you. ingly A illustrationscolor by cherish. will family your Jr. PubLouden,George

$2.95. edition, Publisher's edition, $4.95.lisher's

EASY SEWING MADE OF A SON Lynch By Mary KINGS. HUNDRED

cut, to you Shows how Costain B. Thomas By

remodel and finish author now famous This professionlike a OF THESE FINE BOOKS sew,clothes of story Canada a weaves follow, al comto! Easy century the of turn the at

ideas full plete, of and boy, old sixyear a of—slip for shortcuts making relatives or left without

etc. drapes, Concovers, behe friends, how and

pages and tains over 400 important most the comes

Publisher's pictures. 1000 Publishtown. in person

er's edition. $3.00. edition. $3.95.

WEDDING WINTER STORIES OF

B. Harper Martha By OPERAS GREAT THE

tragbitter from Escaping Cross Milton By

Pennsylvania a edy, young all aria, every Contains MEMBERSHIP WITH Civil girl leaves her War the complete action, the find to comfort and home stories the of of world's 72 faroff in This Iowa. love bestloved operas. 627

tells story enchanting how factfilled fascinating, a she between decides offer years pages of many ne'erdo-well handsome study. richlyrewarding

a a veteran with and l-KfcE m"your as Sturdily Publishbound. page this,o.n face. scarred dreadfully you when edition, er's $3.75. BOOKS GIFT SHIP se.ec to Founded Cub. Book our are which books distribute and e

worthwhile, terest,n* 'ue objectwnabh AMERICA COOKS being WIFE COUNTRY without THE Browns By The ub C Read.ng Doren Van Dorothy By Family the way,

reciContains over 1600 with stoty true is a Here taininginZ have you ushat finest each the pes every page a on chuckle—op Club been*gthe how below, states from Read, of the 48 that family a for! of—Imagine ve the you,t brings oldfash- mouthwatering city then in lives the how and—eLes

upto- to favorites ioned in it counthe loose turn sensations taste theminute a four months for try will your delight that a tales by year! These

diCrystal-clear palare. wife country parttime:; CQK$; ':;:0Jji||i|:f:V;,:'i- it impossirections ribs. tickle your make surely will Publisher's edition, $3.00. M Mm$i:: ble to go wrong.

!5ffis::i

cs I MAH COUPON NOW! WHY WE MAKE THIS SENSATIONAL OFFER! WITH

MEMBERSHIP FREE'TWO BOOKS rewill retain you your membership. this And unFamily Club Reading makes The Dept. CLUB, READING FAMILY 5ER free Book a "Bonus"ceive offer handsome new to demonstrate usual memberhow YORK MINEOLA, NEW

take. selections four you for each Club brings in the the ship best you Club at and below as Please the I have checked once send two books me

Gift Books. Membership my at enjoyable less books most new much the of from purchase the books Thus,

Foolish College Pound Standard New retail D publishers'the editions! than Each of the for only each—instead $1.89 Club Dictionary of Book Family publishers besubmit they books month Ever Greatest Story to of prices publishers'The regular $2.50 Favorite Hymns

Told Ever the lieve will Family meet Reading Club of your to of Kings a Hundred Son you $4.00—saves 25%retail 35% Easy Made Sewing D Editors select then standards. the Our book the of value dollars. the Stories of when Complete book And Winter Wedding can enthusiastically they the Great Operas recommend most actually in, is figured you Books Bonus

Cooks America Country The Wife are to every books These members. D D which as as save much 50%! as a Also of send Club Reading Family the and me member to can your family of member read—books selection. of the Club's review forthcoming a eachenroll month, me,

retained library in be your with I of in privilege toI home the not notifying advance wish have do you Join Money No Now—Send

selection, ifspecial alternate or accept the members'any book—at pride.

price of are $1.89 only (plus handling). postage There each and will in a club which If believe book you Members Save 50% How fees, I dues accept or four as membership few no and may instincts finest of every to the appeal memselections or alternates beginduring twelve the months,as coming

is charge for to let in There family, selection. current introduce will no receive ning membership with us the I you of Club ber your member, As a

a or alternates free Bonus Book with each four Club selections the Reading the Family while you Club beyond cost the Club Reading Family NOW I accept.

themselves. of the of the books'of get choice pay your only can You ANY TWO

Mr. this (plus postage each as and your $1.89 page handling) books FREE on shown Mrs.

for the after purchase Send money, books reading you no GIFTS. MEMBERSHIP Miss Print) (Please

the today. review magazine will However, as the book just mail which coupon come

Street and No.. at offer this each month. necesbe withdrawn unusual to your It is not may home

every sary to purchase a book month—you

'City Zone State accept as four as few each may year to NOW!any time, we urge you to mail the coupon

I Age, I Underif 21 [SameL Offerpricegoodin onlyCanada:in the105U.S.A.Bond andSt., CanadaToronto 2] FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK

MAY 1951 311 from Fuller's famous laboratories comes

this revolutionary

vefvef-f fat finish

for interior walls and woodwork FULCOLOR

Until you try FulColor. alColor yon can't know how easy, mulated with hard pigments. As it dries, it selfhowhow fast,fast, howhow <completely satisfying interior seals to a smooth hardwearing surface, utterly

painting can be. unlike any flat wall finish you've ever known.

If FulColor promised you just one easier way On your walls the result is profoundly gratifying.

to enduring room beauty—it would merit your FulColor will give you a velvetsheen, glareless,

thoughtful consideration. washable finish that will last for years and keep

FulColor promises you eight easier ways to its colors bright and beautiful.

attain beautiful modern rooms. Eight easier ways FulColor colors are bright and beautiful—dec-

—from actual application to walls and woodwork oratorselected to enhance present furnishings

to the "umpteenth"time you wash offhand or harmonize with any new furniture or fabrics smudges along a wall surface or finger marks you have in mind.

around light switches. Before you plan any interior painting—talk

FulColor is a new kind of interior paint. To be to your Fuller Paint Dealer about eightways

technical, FulColor is a tough rubber latex foreasier FulColor!

Washes c/een H & wink fesiestto-app/ypamt

Grease, and smudges finger you've ever known prints kitchen ordinary and soil—we tested them all on Whether your Painter or

FulColor. They wash away your husband applies it

clean in a wink with ordinary FulColor brushes or rolls soap and water, without with amazing ease and destroying FulColor's speed on plaster, wallpaper, velvetsoft finish. wallboard and woodwork.

if'*

ft tf! * iti t\\VS tt

...... * ono ww contoU ch r:: i*ii*"*flat Maw **

"*?Zli***"*'A can **

nevei oy &&ythfng yottVe ever

decorationmakes home eight ways easier

Dries /a one hour/ Dries to touch in 30 minutes Dries so thoroughly in an hour you can rehang pictures or curtains. Actually you can twocoat a room in one day with FULLB

FulColor. No objectionable

odor! Use your room that night!

If you need a reliable Painting MINTS and Decorating Contractor your

Fuller Paint Dealer will give you the names of several.

wanted/a a flat interiorfia/ht

Jhe Lalllna of a GOOD READING NEW STIMULATES and ENRICHES

PRESIDENT SPIRITUAL GROWTH 4 J-reiiaent /Joseph T. Jmiih>wwwvwwvv% GET THESE NEW BOOKS

REMARKS AT THE SPECIAL

DISCOURSES CONFERENCETHE PASSING OFFOLLOWINGPRESIDENT

LORENZO SNOW of ORSON PRATT resident Joseph F. Smith,

Compiled by N. B. Lundwall P speakingference heldat a specialin the conSalt

Lake Tabernacle, Sunday, November 10, 1901, following the death of

President Lorenzo Snow, said: *

"At the death of the Prophet The masterful writings and discourses of one of our most colorful early leaders—the man whose Joseph Smith, the Twelve Apostles

kindness and understanding brought happiness continued as the presiding quorum and learning to hundreds. Reprinted by popular of the Church for a number of years;

demand. but finally they were moved upon

the reorganize the Holy Spirit to AWAKE. by STAY HOW TO PRAY AND of First Presidency the Church, B. Skousen Max

satisfaction the way from Do you achieve you pray? Here are with Brigham Young as President,

of prayer. power scriptural lessons on the how and

and Heber C. Kimball and Willard

BRANCHES OVER THE WALL Richards as his Counselors. In

Stewart Ora Pate from Ora Stewart's Book reality this organization might have subjects Faith inspiring ideas and of Mormon lectures, published in book form. been effected within twentyfour

ANCIENT AMERICA AND THE hours after the death of the Prophet their action but Smith, Joseph was BOOK OF MORMON until they delayed, exfound by S. Ferguson Hunter, R. Dr. Milton

all want to and Thomasvaluable who stimulating instructive, Timely, that the of exercise the perience of Book the of teaching and history the of greater knowledge

Mormon. functions of the Presidency and the

$vvv\*vvv**%**vv**vvvvv%vv*wv*wwwwwwvwwviv government of the Church by twelve at the not only head was men cumBEFORE COLUMBUS AMERICA INTERPRETATIONS GOSPEL

Farnsworth Dewey fully not perfect but bersome Widtsoe Dr. A. was John

civilization early American Our—how it solves many of meets and the Gospel How in the the of order Priesthood hundred Holy -five. twenty existed probperplexing today's most

lems—answers many hardto- $2.25 yearstrationsago.and photos.Packed with illus- $5.00 as established by the Lord. questions. understand

"On the death of President BrigLIKE ANCIENTS THE FAITH President Young, ham Taylor John SHARE TREASURES TO B. Lundwall N.

Melvin Westenskow startling experiences inspiring and The in followed the some measure exof the Restored can Gospel the How Church early of our of manyfaith the peace bring help teachings—help you the Gospel of his and leaders, predecessor, ample how and it was *$2.75 all seek. of mind we them. helped $Q QQ time the before some Presidency of

BIBLE STORIES FOR GODS COVENANT RACE the Church was organized. The

H. Anderson SAINTS James LATTERDAY finally Presidency organized, was YOUNG

for especially written book A Marr Petersen Emma those about with Israel and concerned as Taylor John Bible—especially of the stories bestloved The $2.00 however, prophets. the Church for young members—a President and George Q. Cannon have. child should every book pO.UU*> Art

myself and as Counselors. HIS MANSIONS MANY SPEAK PROPHETS LATTERDAY S. Howells Rulon the death of President "At TayDaniel H. Ludlow Christian leading thirteen churches—what with The lor, reference priceless book—packed President views hesitated, believe, worship—their they A they Woodruff how

of the doctrinal teachings eight

Church. of the L.D.S. presidents p4.UU* f\f\ onimportanttwentythreedoctrinalofquestions.the most $2.25 and he allowed a little time to pass

before the Presidency was again

At Your Dealers or Order Direct From organized. When at last he became convinced that it was his duty,

and necessary in order to carry out the purposes of the Lord, he reor- (Concluded on page 370) BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH 'Conference Report, October 1901. pp. 7071.

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J5L C/audend

ADflms mcmoRiflL

in Rock Creek Cemetery, Washington, D.C

7he "atomedged sound"is hushed

In that secluded place As twilight dims the shadows Fallen on a woman's face.

Stonestill she sits and quite alone,

In sylvan silence there;

Wrapped round in moveless folds of bronze,

This statue of a prayer!

About her centuries dip and flow,

As saffron flakes of light Fall softly from the evening skies

To make her niche seem bright,

Within that chapel of the dead

Deep nestled in the wood, Beneath the ever evergreens

Eternity has stood;

Its voiceless eloquence bespeaks

Repose in every line:

A sculptured sacrament by man,

Touched by a soul divine!

St. Gaudens'grief?

Perhaps, you say!

The rhythm of the spheres,—Photograph by Horydczak

The peace of God, past dreams, past death, And past all human tears.

Ljiadui

Stewart

(Oennion

MAY 1951 315 THE PRAIRIE SMILES MAY LACE UNSUNG MOTHERS

By Georgia Moore Eberling By Wyroa Hansen By Gene Romolo

turns the early prairie the "Defore dawn thinking of the sheaves you bind TTay When 1.V1 her eyes *-? Her sleepy and sees new green and stack Whois liketreadlesa peasantat hergirlloom;

dress. She weaves her threads through warp and To drive menacing hunger from life's door,

The first bright ray of sunshine redly burns woof, And often with a child bound to your back,

Upon the meadowland with warm caress. And buds come into bloom. I ponder as I never have before

The cactus plants unfurl their brilliant The staunch devotion of you unsung blooms; A tree bursts into Belgian lace, mothers.

The scarlet paintbrush lifts a poppyhead; Designed around a star Whose hands have never touched a silken

The soapweed flutters out its creamy As new as ones the moonbeams trace, gown plumes; As old as cherries are. Or held a jewel like those worn by others

And Spring embroiders fields with silver Whose nation gives their mothering rethread nown.

Of pearly sage and knots of morning dew.

The first anemone enwrapped in fur SONG FOR MOTHER You mothers who are bearing, like a rood,

Looks shyly up and sees a sky of blue, A child without complaint, must have great

Arid purple columbines begin to stir. By Elaine V. Emans love,

A 'meadow lark wings high; the wild bees And infinite must be your fortitude

hum; "YT'ou left me something lovelier than any To help your burdened bodies rise above

The prairie smiles and knows that spring * Other gift that one departing life can Toil weariness. Oh, fervently I pray,

has come. leave Dear Lord, to these please send a Mother's

Or one remaining ever can receive: Day.

The cloth of happy childhood woven of

SIGNS OF SPRING Brightmanyhours of warp upon the woof of

By Lois Snelling Companionshipgood and quiet love and care. MORNING DEW

B. Shomakev Margaret left By in early confidence prayer, me You

their willows pussy coats"\17hen hang thirst in all the eager could me you And ** a sun, beneath warming Of fur I live. truth long as beauty should For and desert's face the OVER breezes the south, whisper fromAnd left pleasure simple in such things me You sprinkled dew; Morning The cold (perhaps) winterThe is done. kitten listening reading, a and As when smile to stopped Nature Then

sings And whispered—I thank you. clear streams run nor feelWhen it can. only none can give And the clutch The way

fingers shore, the onOf icy child or so lasting a bequest man A will pale earth swelling beneathThe integrity planting within the breast. As

The winter's blast (perhaps) no more.

SEASONAL HEADNOTES All other signs of spring may fail,

But when small fuzzy lambs appear By Maryhale Woolsey

In every sheltered valley nook,

Then spring (without a doubt) is here! Springtime comes with shy, bent head,

Sedately veiled and bonneted;

ON DEATH LaughingGarlands blossomsummer, inbrighther hair;curls bare,

By Hortense Spencer Andersen Autumn decks her hennaed tresses

With all the jewels she possesses; GENTLE death, what fear have I to say

face princess a frames winterO adieu And

To life today, when my heart knows the silver lace. fur soft white and With

mystery Of peaceful things, of love, and work, and trust; for you

Ai|e but a meager step to immortality. STREETCAR EPISODE

But let wild tempests thunder warnings to TRUE VALUES my ears, By Esther Baldwin York

Dispel my duped complacency, cry out By Helen Mating aloud Wearing a flyer's suit for menof-three,

That awful death of bitterness and sham "Deing a philosopher, He rode the cockpit of his father's appears *-'She is quick to say, lap.

To quench my spirit's growth, the day my "Money is not the measure Grown men saluted him engagingly;

heart is proud! Of a mother's day. Women looked and longed to mother-

I'm rich with children's laughter wrap

Like a flower of star... The boy in tender arms. Upon them all

Wealthier with earth's beauty He gazed with gravely noncommittal eyes

FARM WIFE Than other people are. Out of a mind that stood adultly tall,

Accepting life, admitting no surprise.

By Mabel Jones Gabbott "With beauty of a sunset

spins out flight. in swift her thread, and Day picture of an airplaneWhen And faith, my real wealth grows; It was an ad that claimed his look of love

sits high above, at the he pointed Night loom body tensed, MyI don'theartneedfor furscertainor diamonds.knows AHis

Spreading her starspun skirt, I set aside Delight of children's laughter Crying, "Daddy, see!"in quick delight.

my broom And beauty of all earth. The sudden radiance on the pale child face

And bring a heart of love into our quiet Each season holds its treasures Made all forget each small leg wore a room. Of true enduring worth!"brace.

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iX3\30v3vDVJWiX7\90700<NJyNJ\Jv3\Editor

President George Albert Smith

eep the commandments of the Lord; ing for progress a skyscraper. The light and

then carry on."That was the simple, truth of his country thrilled him. He became an

"K!direct life message of President George honored and influential member of the Sons of

Albert Smith. The multitudes who came under the American Revolution.

his influence and who stood sadly by his bier Whenever a movement for human good came, learned the conquering power in life of this ideal. he was there to help, by personal participaHis superb devotion to Joseph Smith, the lattertion or by encouragement.

day prophet, made alive all that he said, taught, His was not a singletrack mind. Rather, it

and accomplished. The labors of the Prophet spread like a fan over human needs, but held

were to him a more complete revelation of man's together firmly by his faith in the restored gospel relationship and duty to God. These teachings of Jesus Christ.

became the measuring stick for the inspired words In the midst of all these labors he looked with of his own sermons and for his judgment of his loving eyes upon eager youth. To them he gave

fellow men. much of his strength. They were the men of

Thus he became the patron of all students of tomorrow. This led him into scouting where he

the mission of Joseph Smith, or those who sought rose high, into the superintendency of the Young new proofs of the divinity of the latterday cause. Men's Mutual Improvement Association, and into

He was generous to such searchers. To all he other movements for the welfare of youth.

was wont to say, "Go to it. If there is any more As he looked into the hearts of men (and he

to find about the Prophet's life and labors, let it circled the earth), he saw the need of love among be found and published."men. Therefore, in his preaching and labors

So, with such faith and -devotion to truth, he he became the apostle of kindness and mutual was enabled to build a life of farflung service. human love. He taught the everlasting truth that

As he honored the Prophet, so he honored the men cannot approach the likeness of God except faithful members of the Church who built upon by the practice of love to their fellow men. Only

Joseph's foundation, and who, toiling through by love can peace and joy be made to cover the cold and heat, courageously conquered the desert. earth.

For them he erected monuments from birthplaces At length, he was called to preside over the and trails to Statuary Hall in the National Church as prophet, seer, and revelator. MajesCapitol. tically in his simple words he called men to reEver with human welfare in mind, he fostered pentance and to the practice of the divine law of

and presided over agricultural and industrial conlove.

gresses planned to make life in the desert more He blessed the Church.

acceptable. May we never forget his life's message.

All this did not remove him from the active We are grateful to have known George Albert affairs of life. He was an active participant in Smith.

banks and other industrial enterprises—from Thank the Lord for his life and service.

digging a new canal to thirsting land, to erect-—/. A. W.

President McKay—and the Era's Editors

WE go to press with this issue of the issue, and much more will be said of the men who

AS Era, the Church has witnessed a mohave been called to these weighty responsibilities mentous week—with President Smith's in issues to come.

passing coming so close to the annual conference, But now we hold publication only long enough and with the sustaining in solemn assembly of a to announce a new Editor of The Improvement new President, a new First Presidency, and a new Era. For more than fifty years President David

President of the Council of the Twelve Apostles. O. McKay's predecessors in the Presidency of the

In it all and through it all the strength of the Church have served successively as the Era's divinely directed organization of the Church of senior editors—Presidents Joseph F. Smith, Heber

Jesus Christ has been in evidence. Men are of J. Grant, and George Albert Smith. And now,

limited duration in this life, but the Lord's work in accord with this long observed precedent, is unending, and in his wisdom he has provided President McKay has also consented to serve as for all the shifting scenes. the Era's senior editor. We welcome him and

More is said of these events elsewhere in this {Continued on following page)

MAY 1951 317 EDITORIALS.ssxjsS'SKtvSK

(Continued from preceding page) axe grateful for his willingness so to serve, and gratefully welcome his messages as they appear we know that the Era's readers, worldwide, will in these pages. JR. L. E.

Benediction IHE power of love was made manifest "Continue the work, and keep the commandin the life of President George Albert ments of the Lord."They were spoken with

difficulty, but understandably, and I felt that T Smith, and the feelings expressed from near and far since his passing have amply I had heard his benediction and his earnest evidenced it. wish for all his Father's children.

Two days before he died, I had the privilege We could not close this chapter without exof a last brief visit with him. I had not seen pressing our conviction that when he returned

him for more than two and a half months, and to his eternal home, "His Lord said unto him,

I ventured hesitatntly to his home on this last Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou

visit only on invitation. He had had a dishast been faithful over a few things, I will make

couraging day, and his frail physical frame was thee ruler over many things: enter thou into

soon to be left behind by the great and loving the joy of the Lord."(Matthew 25:21.)

spirit and personality that were his, and that And as he so often pleaded and prayed, were so sincerely beloved by so many men in God grant that all of us, and all of our Father's so many places. children, may live so that each one "will find his

At the hour at which I, with others, was there, name written in the Lamb's Book of Life."

he appeared to be slightly improved, and for a May our Father's blessings be with his family, moment or two before I left I held the hand with and with all mankind, and may the power and which he had so often warmly welcomed so principles of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, many of his fellow men when he was well. to which he devoted his life, move forward inThe last words I heard him speak were: creasingly among men. R. L. E.

DOES THE KONTIKI VOYAGE CONFIRM THE ROOK OF MORMON? J4n ywniwer

HE most remarkable obvious obstacles, grew within the trip as to try to make Evidences him of the Peruvians T andstory fascinatingof modern dayssea did hundreds

is primitive drifting the of a six raft carrying men from and yearsTheago.Peruvians had no boats.

Peru in South America to the Their sea traffic was by rafts,

Tuamotu group of Polynesian Reconciliations the structure of which has been

Islands. 1 CLIV - handed down through the cenThor Heyerdahl, Norwegian turies. The rafts were made

scientist, leader of the party, of logs from the balsa tree, who had spent some time in native in that part of South

Polynesia, became obsessed America. That meant that the

with the thought that the /jokn v. {/[/idtioe movement of these rafts dePolynesians might have come OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE pended on ocean currents and

originally from South Amertrade winds. With such equipica. Upon his return to Norway, amidst the ment, crude as it seems to us, the people of

ugly years of World War II, the thought Peru traveled on the oceans far and near. The

followed him. He read all that he could find historical evidence points to the drifting of these

about ancient Peru. Soon he became conrafts from America to the Pacific Islands, a matvinced that some Peruvians in prehistoric days ter of more than four thousand miles.

had drifted on primitive rafts from the AmeriHeyerdahl decided to try it. Five courageous

can mainland to the islands of the Pacific. men decided to join him—four Norwegians and

While this did not prove that the Polynesian a Swede.

Islands were first settled by ancient Americans, Difficulties had to be met and overcome. The

it did point to a much freer intercourse among project seemed so visionary that the necessary the nations of antiquity than was commonly money could not be obtained easily. Balsa logs

held. were obtainable only in somewhat inaccessible

As his studies progressed, the desire, despite places, especially since the project was launched

KonTiki, by Thor Heyerdahl, 1950. in the rainy season. A suitable place for putting

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the raft together had to be found. Meanwhile may not be true. The Book of Mormon relates

all experienced seamen shook their heads and that one Hagoth, a Nephite, built ships and predicted failure. But the raft Kontiki was carried people into new places. One of his

pushed on more determinedly than ever. ships loaded with people never came back.

It was decided to build the raft like those of Many believe that the settlement of the Pacific the days of ancient Peru. No nails were used; Islands was made by these voyagers of Hagoth.

rope held everything together. Nine balsa Of this there is no proof. It may have been so.

logs from thirtyfive feet to fortythree feet However, that there are currents in the ocean long were the foundation of the raft. Banana and winds that blow regularly in set directions,

stalks and leaves were used on deck. A mast such as carried the Kontiki across the Pacific,

with a sail was provided. A cabin about twelve is recognized by all Book of Mormon readers.

by fourteen feet was placed on deck. Steering Father Lehi and his party, though they had a

was done by a large oar. When finished, the divine compass to guide them, depended on

raft was a duplicate of the rafts of primitive currents and winds to move them. The JarePeruvian days. dites and Mulekites had nothing but sails to

Adequate provisions were stored in conmove them when on the sea. Without ocean

venient places. The necessary scientific instrucurrents and winds, Book of Mormon people

ments were taken along. A shortwave radio, would have made little progress on the sea.

with a handworked generator, was also a part This has been pointed out with a map of imof the cargo. portant Book of Mormon3 ocean currents by Dr.

A friend gave them a parrot; and on the C. Douglas Barnes.

voyage they adopted a friendly crab which The crossing of the Kontiki proved that for a long time became part of the crew. winds and currents lead from South America The raft was named Kontiki, a mythological to the islands of the Pacific—over four thousand name meaning sungod. miles—and to that extent confirms the Book of

Mormon story that long ocean voyages could

Thus equipped, they set out. For three be made by ancient men in primitive crafts.

months they drifted across the Pacific, depending entirely upon the ocean currents and trade It is interesting to note that no sooner had winds for motive power, and at last they Heyerdahl published his theory,3 than other scientists called him to task. But to believers reached of islands. group the Tuamotu One

it is notable, that all the Book of Mormon, of the notable times, voyages the in of modern agree that the ocean is full of currents which may enable man to drift from place to place, to the (cs/uejfcond of [/louth from continent to continent.

The increase of knowledge confirms steadily book reads like a nervetingling epic of the the claims of the Book of Mormon.

sea. 2"Lehi's Route to America,"The Improvement Era. 42:26, January

Heyerdahl's theory that the Pacific Islands 1939.

were settled by people from America may or DecembersThe Geographical1950. Journal, 115:2041, March 1950; 116:183192.

Lreed:svJrN?2v3>-J3V>X>N 9

I would be a friend to the friendless and tions and discourage flattery of thoughtless find joy in ministering to the needs of the friends.

poor. I would not knowingly wound the feel-

I would visit the sick and afflicted and ings of any, not even one who may have inspire in them a desire for faith to be healed. wronged me but would seek to do him good

I would teach the truth to the understandand make him my friend.

ing and blessing of all mankind. I would overcome the tendency to selfish-

I would seek out the erring one and try ness and jealousy and rejoice in the successes to win him back to a righteous and a happy of all the children of my Heavenly Father.

life. I would not be an enemy to any living

I would not seek to force people to live soul.

up to my ideals, but rather love them into Knowing that the Redeemer of mankind doing the thing that is right. has offered to the world the only plan that

I would live with the masses and help to will fully develop us and make us happy solve their problems that their earth life here and hereafter, I feel it not only a duty, may be happy. but also a blessed privilege to disseminate

I would avoid the publicity of high posithe truth.

ieomeW Aflbert Smith

MAY 1951 319 - A Proplpt (&tOt$t Mbttt #mttlf—

trine and Covenants, admonishes members of the Church to cultivate the most desirable virtues. The

verse quoted at the head of this article is not only an admonition, it is also a description of the qualities possessed by the beloved leader who now has passed on. Every one of

these admirable qualities was a part of the personality of a

President George Albert - uWOIA,id m

Smith. It is evident that he

was not only familiar with the commandment given to the members of the Church in this revelation but that it furnished the code by which he ordered his life. Few people of

this or of any other generation have so closely followed the teachings of the Master and made them a part of their everyday experiences.

To attempt to catalog all the virtues of George Albert Smith would be futile. They were too

numerous, they were always in evidence. In his love and consideration for others, in his efforts to

comfort and cheer those in adverse circumstances, to lift the burdens from the shoulders of friends or strangers, to give advice and counsel to all who

fied during all of his GEORGE ALBERT SMITH sought it, he exempliAPRIL 4, 1870APRIL 4, 1951 wakingof the virtueshours whichmany are usually attributable only to the

Savior. /t (7 <'Wd humbleWithouteven guile,in the

BUSINESS MANAGER, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA highest places, alGEORGE ALBERT SMITH ways polite and genAS A CHILD emember faith, virtue, thousands in all walks of life has tlemanly, and striving "R patience,knowledge,brotherlytemperance,kindcompletedthe final chapterhis missionof oneandof writtenthe retohe avoidwas anoffenseideal exemplar.in word or Whendeed,

ness, godliness, charity, humility, markable personal histories of the occasion was afforded, he added to diligence."(D. & C. 4:6.) period in which he lived. his advice substantial help. His

A great man has gone to a great The story of the life of Presinumerous widespread charities will reward. President George Albert dent Smith has been one, largely, never be known. The number of

Smith, prophet, seer, and revelator, of a life dedicated to service to his people he has helped has never been eighth president of the Church of fellow men. Rich and poor were counted and never can be.

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, shown his favors impartially. He Those who have been won to

passed away peacefully on his was happiest when he was alleviatbetter lives by his love are legion.

eightyfirst birthday Wednesday, ing suffering, visiting the sick, asHis practice of praising and enApril 4, 1951. Death came at his sisting those in distress, and makcouraging people in order to bring

home in Salt Lake City. ing others happy. out the best in them was effective.

The man who had made friends A book he loved, read, and His kindly attitude disarmed those for himself and his Church by the quoted from frequently, the Docwho were inclined to dissension, 320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and his father, John Henry Smith, honors in both the state and the

Okies ijnme.. werethe FirstApostles,Presidency.and bothOtherservedmemin VicePresidentnation. He wasGeneralelectedin 1926Nationaland

bers of the same family have insince then has been a national ofand his warm and friendly approach cluded several of the General Auficer. In the Utah Society he served

won thousands to him as admirers. thorities of the Church, among them as president and many terms as diHis friendmaking ability has President Joseph F. Smith and his rector.

been likened to that of his illustrious son, Joseph Fielding Smith, now Under the presidency of George father's, John Henry Smith. WherPresident of the Council of the Albert Smith, the Church has made

ever President Smith went, he had Twelve Apostles. notable gains. The missionary sysfriends in high and low places. ReHis maternal grandfather, Lorin tem has been expanded to its highceptionists in business offices in Farr, was first mayor of Ogden and est point in Church history. The

New York, Chicago, and other the first president of Weber Stake. building program inaugurated under

President Smith's relatives, comPresident Heber J. Grant has been

bining both of his family lines, now greatly accelerated. New stakes

a friend to the frltnendleSi and wards have been created at an unprecedented rate. Church memancid find iou in ministering to tne needs of tkt Poor bership has increased, and the prestige of the Church in this and other

large cities knew him and showed number into the thousands throughnations has developed to a marked him every courtesy. This was true out the Church. degree. Above all else, probably

also among railroad conductors, As a member of the Sons of the the spirit of love and unity within

Pullman porters, laborers, and American Revolution, the beloved the Church has been made manifest others whose acquaintance he had Churchman was accorded high (Continued on following page} made. His democratic spirit was

constantly manifested in his associations with others.

As a missionary in the southern states, as a young man and later as CHRONOLOGY president of the European Mission, OF EVENTS IN A LONG AND DEVOUT LIFE he was an effective ambassador of DEDICATED TO THE SERVICE OF THE LORD the gospel of Jesus Christ.

In more recent years on a special April 4, 1870—Born at Salt Lake City, the son of John

mission to the South Seas, he made Henry and Sarah Farr Smith to the States Mission, subSouthern 1892—Called friends among royalty and admirers Junesequently secretary mission becoming

among the humblest of natives. July 1894—Mission completed, returned to Salt Lake City President George Albert Smith October 8, 1903—Ordained an Apostle

to the general board of the Young Men's came of a family that has rendered 1904—CalledMutual Improvement Association

outstanding service to the nation 1919—Called to preside over the European Mission

1921—Returned from that mission September 1921—Called as general superintendent of

the Y. M. M. I. A.

May 6, 1922—Participated in first preaching the gospel

by radio with President Grant and others

January 23, 1935—Released as general superintendent,

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association

July 8, 1943—Called as President of the Council of the

Twelve May 21, 1945—Called as President of the Church September 23, 1945—Dedicated the Idaho Falls Temple October 5, 1945—Sustained as President of the Church

by priesthood quorums, voting in solemn assembly, followed by vote of general membership, at general conference November 1945—Visited President Harry S. Truman at

Washington, D. O, making arrangements to ship

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH AND HIS WIFE LUCY EMILY WOODChurch welfare supplies to needy European SaintsRUFF WHILE ON A MISSION IN THE SOUTHERN STATES July 10, 1946—Began an automobile journey eastward

over the Mormon trail to Nauvoo, Illinois

July 15, 1947—Entertained the governors of fortyfour

and to the Church. His ancestors, states and three territories, who were in Salt Lake

attending a Governors'convention of them in the Mayflower some is 24, the "This comJulyCity the Place"monu1947—Dedicated participated pany, in the Revoluat ment of Emigration the mouth Canyon

tionary War and served in many October 17, 1950—Dedicated the B. Y. U. science buildpositions of honor and trust in the Decembering (the 31,last 1950—Spokeof his many dedications)at Yale Ward (his own sections of New England in which ward), Bonneville Stake, sacrament meeting (the last

they lived. Joseph Smith, the of his lifetime of speeches) 1951—Last time President Smith came to the Prophet, was his third cousin. John Januaryoffice 9,

Smith, his greatgrandfather, was April 4, 1951—His eightyfirst birthday, surrounded by

third Patriarch to the Church. Both his loved ones, he went to his reward, at 7:27 p.m.

his grandfather, George A. Smith,

MAY 1951 321.

Albert daughters, Smith his two George President and SMITH GEORGE ALBERT WHEN at right, gathering Edith a in a reception ORDAINED APOSTLE Emily AN HE WAS in 1947. July the nation's governors honoring his at lefthomeand

.. gress. He was Federal Receiver tifcarg? Altet iwttlj

of Public Moneys and Special Dis- {Continued from preceding page) mon Church nor L. D. S. Church, bursing Agent for the state of

in many ways. Spirituality, tolerand no Church of the Latterday Utah. In this capacity he was the

ance, and love for our fellow men Saints. His wishes have been refirst member of the Church of

regardless of creed or color, which spected generally, and the correct Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints he frequently urged in sermons and and full name of the Church is bein Utah to be appointed to a federal writings, have increased measuring used more frequently than ever office.

ably. "All the people of the earth before. In his home life, President Smith

are our Father's children"was a Although his character was eswas both fortunate and happy. For

favorite phrase. sentially spiritual, he had a liking many years he lived on the bank

His conviction that the correct for business, and his natural aptiof Red Butte Creek which ran name of the Church he loved should tude for it was manifested in many through his yard. This ravine furalways be used instead of the varfields. Among his associates in nished an ideal setting for a sumious nicknames which have been business who increased in number mer home, with the stream, trees,

applied caused President Smith to year after year, his judgment was and delightful canyon atmosphere.

request of publishers and others sought and respected. His advice This was his favorite spot on sumthat the correct name—the Church was conservative but always sound. mer evenings.

ofSaints—alwaysJesus Christbe usedof Latterdayin full. In wasIn honoredcivic affairsin themanybelovedfields.leaderHe Smith,His wife,died NovemberLucy Emily5, 1937.WoodruffDurrequesting the cooperation of close served as president of the Intering her lifetime they were devoted

associates in bringing this about, national Irrigation Congress and to each other and made many trips he pointed out that there is no Morthe International Dry Farm Contogether to distant lands. Her death

saddened the Church leader greatly,

wwmmw<M?>

The First Presidency of the Church from 1945 to 1951, George Albert Smith, (center);

J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

(left); and David O.

McKay.

President Smith officiating at the unveiling of a plaque at Independence Rock,

June 21, 1931 honoring the Pioneers.

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

School of Business Administration His advice and counsel were of Harvard, University. All were sought by national officers, freat their father's bedside when the quently between sessions of the

end came. board. It was largely due to the

Always a friend of youth, Presiimpetus given to scouting while dent Smith became an active sponhe was general superintendent of sor of scouting in 1911 when the the Y.M.M.I.A. that the Church

M.I.A. Scouts were organized. He brought into the movement a higher

increased his activity in 1913 when percent of its boys of Scout age as a member of the general board than of any other group did.

the program of the Boy Scouts of Recognitions for "outstanding

America was adopted by the service to boyhood"given to Presi-

Y. M.M.I.A. He became succesdent Smith included the Silver

Beaver award by the Salt Lake President Smith's son, George Albert, Jr. Council and the Silver Buffalo by

with his son, George Albert III. the National Council. The Silver --::::.:.:o:.::;"::.:.-.-:

Buffalo is the highest award in scouting at any level.

If President Smith had one hobby to which he was more devoted than to any other—and he had many—

it was young people. From his

earliest manhood to the time when his strength began to fail, he embraced every opportunity to serve (Continued on page 368)

SCENES FROM PRESIDENT SMITH'S MANY MISSION ASSIGNMENTS

LEFT—IN FRIGID SURROUNDINGS—RIGHT—IN SOUTH SEA CLIMATE

but he sought comfort in the comsively a member of the executive panionship of his two daughters, board of the Salt Lake Council, a

Mrs. Robert Murray Stewart, and member of the Region Twelve exMrs. George Elliott, both of Salt ecutive committee, and a member of

Lake City, and a son, George Althe executive board of the National bert Smith, Jr. George Albert Council, where he served as chairSmith, Jr., fourth in his family to man of important committees for

bear that name, is dean of the many years. PRESIDENTDEGREE SMITHOF DOCTORRECEIVINGOF HUMANITIESTHE HONORARY

PRESIDENT STEPHEN L RICHARDS PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Ninth President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

rjmth [-redidi t DAVID 0. MCKAY ecomed

EETiNG in solemn assembly on Four stalwart, humble men now J>tepken ed. r\ickafdi, st. f\euben

the morning of April 9, 1951, hold these places of highest responthe membership of the Church, sibility: President David O. Mc- /Joseph jrle lainq JmLthM

voting first by priesthood quorum Kay; President Stephen L Richards,

and then as a whole, sustained his first counselor; President J. of the (.ouncll

President David O. McKay as the Reuben Clark, Jr., his second organized missions except South

ninth president of the Church of counselor; and President Joseph Africa. The Saints of the mission

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Fielding Smith of the Council of fields still remember his visit among

Stephen L Richards of the Counthe Twelve. them. In New Zealand, during

cil of the Twelve and J. Reuben Perhaps the first recollection of this assignment, he was given the

Clark, Jr., also of the Council President McKay for many of the gift of the Maori tongue while adof the Twelve and for eighteen members of the Church was "that dressing a Church meeting.

years a counselor in the First Presikindly Sunday School superintendFollowing the completion of this dency, were sustained in the same ent."He was a member of the assignment, he was called to preside

manner as first and second counsuperintendency of the Weber over the European Missions of the selors in the First Presidency. (Utah) Stake Sunday School when Church.

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith was he was called to the apostleship in To other thousands, especially then sustained president of the 1906. A few months later he was the youth of the Church, he has

Council of the Twelve by the same sustained as second assistant genbeen always President David O.

inspiring vote, as were the members eral superintendent of the Deseret McKay of the First Presidency. He

of the Twelve. There is a vacancy Sunday School Union board and was sustained as second counselor

in the Council of the Twelve, due in April 1909, he was advanced to to President Heber J. Grant at the

to President Richards'call to the first assistant superintendent. FolOctober 1934 semiannual conferFirst Presidency, which will be lowing the death of President ence, and served in that capacity to

filled sometime later. Joseph F. Smith in 1918, he was President Grant and to President

Elder Eldred G. Smith was then sustained as general superintendent George Albert Smith. Since the

sustained as Patriarch to the Church of Sunday Schools, a position he death of President George F.

in this solemn assembly and the held until 1934. Richards of the Council of the

members of the First Presidency, During 192122, President McTwelve last summer, President the Council of the Twelve, and the Kay had the assignment to tour the McKay, as the senior Apostle, was

Patriarch to the Church were susworld, inspecting the missions of made president of the Council of tained as prophets, seers, and revethe Church outside of the United the Twelve, although much of the lators to the Church. States, and he visited all the then administrative work of that quorum

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA has fallen to Elder Joseph Fielding He and his wife, Irene Merrill

Smith as its acting president. Richards, celebrated their golden

President David O. McKay has wedding a little over a year ago.

been aided in all his endeavors They are the parents of the folthroughout his adult life by his lowing sons and daughters: Lynn

wife, Emma Ray Riggs McKay. S. Richards, Mrs. Irene Louise R.

The couple celebrated their golden Covey, Mrs. Lois B. R. Hinckley,

wedding anniversary on January 2, Mrs. Alice L. R. Allen, Mrs. Geor1951. They have seven sons gia G. R. Olson, Richard M.

and daughters: David Lawrence Richards, Phillip L. Richards.

McKay, Dr. Llewellyn Riggs McPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

Kay, Royal Riggs McKay, Mrs. was called as second counselor to

Lou Jean Blood, Mrs. Emma Rae President Heber J. Grant during

Ashton, Dr. Edward Riggs McKay, the April 1933 general conference.

and Robert Riggs McKay. A native of Utah, he had long been

President Stephen L Richards, in the East and was an expert on the first counselor in the First Presifinancial and Latin American affairs.

dency, has long worked with PresiHe had just completed a term as dent McKay. He was called as United States ambassador to Mexsecond assistant in the general Sunico.

day School superintendency in PRESIDENTOf the CouncilJOSEPH ofFIELDINGthe TwelveSMITH President Heber J. Grant called

1909, and when President McKay him as his first counselor, a year was sustained as general superinhis brother Hyrum, the Patriarch, and a half later, and he was also tendent in 1918, President Richards at their martyrdom, and Dr. Willard sustained as a member of the Counwas called as first assistant. This Richards later became a counselor cil of the Twelve. He now holds Sunday School work continued for to President Brigham Young. a position in that quorum between

Elders Joseph F. Merrill and Albert E. Bowen. During his eighteen

the (hurcfi (Concluded on page 363)

\lark, dr., selected as counselorsto

sustained as [-resident

of the Jv'weive

both men until October 1934 when they were released from the general superintendency. At the time of his

call to the First Presidency President Richards served with Elder

John A. Widtsoe as adviser to the

Deseret Sunday School Union board.

President Richards was called to the apostleship in January 1917.

He is an able speaker and has raised his voice for the Church in all parts of the United States, in

Mexico, Canada, the Hawaiian Islands, South America, Europe, and the Near East. In 1949 he filled a

call, inspecting the three missions of South America, and in 1950 he went to Europe and to Palestine to survey the conditions of the missions there.

His sermons and writings indicate his judgment, his loyalty, his faith, his courage, and his integrity, in defending the principles of the heritage—-hisgospel. He isgrandfather,rightly proudWillardof his In the famed Tabernacle on Temple Square, assembled members of the

Richards, was with the Prophet and leadersChurch ofraisedGod'stheirtrue rightChurcharmsuponto thethe earth.square in unanimous approval of the

MAY 1951 325 UNJO\>SiK?s>-3vrN7iSiSi>J<9sJ SOKSS

wve uear5 over 3wm

EIGHTH PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

$Deafc$5D I

Our Great Responsibility hour or so on a train, "I'd give a lot to have the assurance that you have."

WeLatterdayOF the ChurchSaints ofareJesuschargedChristwithof anythingAnd I replied:to have the"Youassurancedo not havethat Ito have,give

the great responsibility of dissemiexcept to keep the commandments of the nating the gospel message. Let us who have Lord. If you do that, you will know that

this great responsibility never be subject to the authority of the priesthood is on earth."

a charge of presenting it in such a manner—CR October 1950

as to open the way for indifference toward us or toward the message we bear to the Living the Gospel world.—Era 49:555

j'et us live so that the Spirit of the Lord

Tt is not merely a question of living our may abide in our homes; that there

short lives in comfort if we expect to may be peace in our hearts and happiness enjoy eternal happiness in the celestial kingwith our children in living the gospel to the dom, we must earn it by doing our best to best of our ability. I pray that our sons and

bring as many of our Father's children to daughters may be reared in reverence, in live with him as we possibly can. faith, and in full knowledge of the things

—Conference Report October 1947 that pertain to their souls'salvation.

Era 51:785 Aissionaries are sent out to teach repentance to the inhabitants of the True Education earth, that these people may turn from the error of their ways, that they may cleave "\\7e want our boys and our girls to go unto that which is righteous, and thereby to school and get their training in the gain the favor of our Heavenly Father and best institutions in the world and learn the enjoy the companionship of his Spirit. truths that are taught, because those who

—Era 50:797 obtain the most truth and apply it in their

lives will be in advance of those who do not, 1"eep all the good that you have received, when they arrive on the other side of the keep all the truth that you have veil in the kingdom of the Lord.

learned, all that has come to you in your—Era 51:558

homes, in your institutions of learning, under your many facilities for education, keep it all; and then let us divide with you additional Pathway of Righteousness

truths that have been unless of us 'is secure the "M[one we keep enly in our Father day. revealed—CR byOctoberour Heav1946 of Faour Heavenly commandments

is the The Assurance that I Have ther. The pathway of righteousness

highway of happiness. There is no other

if had a man say to me one day after I way.—CR April 1950

had taught the gospel to him for an {Concluded on page 371)

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA oLoohlna sconvana to JUNE CONFERENCE 1951

Withenceanotherhistory, generalthe eyesconferof the v3u <=JLa f\ue ( <=>Lonaden larents'eventsand presidents'such as theluncheon,superintendthe

Church now turn toward the SECOND COUNSELOR IN THE GENERAL Golden Gleaner banquet, Master

M.I.A. June conference, the fiftyPRESIDENCY Y. W.M.I. A. M Men breakfast, breakfasts and

second, to be held in Salt Lake City, GENERAL BOARD suppers for stake supervisors in

Utah, June 15, 16, and 17, 1951. various departments, athletic coachThere is eagerness in the hearts sion which will keynote the entire ing school, M.I.A. relay, the Church

of thousands of young folk as they conference, and (2) the afternoon writers'conference, recreation and look forward to participating in one session which will present the new camp institute, Indian correlation of the great annual festivals of this year's program. Members of the meeting, as well as many other

events not calendared.organization—festivals which come First Presidency and the Council

as the culmination of the year's of the Twelve will be speakers at It is always good to gather with learning and doing. the various sessions. the Saints. Great strength comes

On Thursday evening, June 14, Saturday will find many ward from the mingling of ideas. Today,

there will be a combined Speech houses in Salt Lake pressed into more than ever, our young people and Drama Festival held in two service to house the hundreds of need what we have to offer in places concurrently in order to take people who will be meeting in M.I.A,: wholesome recreation,

care of anticipated crowds. A lively twenty or twentyfive separate sesactivities in the arts and sports, and

and most interesting speech program is being planned by the speech committee of the general board, and an unusual, sacred play will be presented under the direction of the drama committee.

On Friday evening, June 15, several thousand young people will participate in another general Dance

Festival to be held at the University of Utah stadium under the direction of the dance committee of the general board.

The Music Festival, which will combine the voices of fifteen hundred Latterday Saint youth in songs both sacred and secular, will be presented on Saturday evening,

June 16, in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. The superintendency and the presidency of the Mutual Improvement Associations:

So much for the festivals which Leftleft toto right,right, seated:LaRue C.SuperintendentLongden, 2ndElbertcounselorR. Curtis,in thePresidentY.W.M.I.A.;Bertha DavidS. Reeder.S. King,Standing,2nd

are really the showcase of M.I. A.! assistant in the Y.M.M.I.A.; A. Walter Stevenson, 1st assistant in the Y.M.MJ.A.y and'

There is also eagerness in the Emily H. Bennett, 1st counselor in the Y.W.M.I.A.

hearts of the leaders of M.I.A.

throughout the Church, looking forsions that day for four or five hours wonderful agegroup lessons and ward to the general sessions and of specific instruction in each deprojects. "Most of all, they need

workshops where next year's propartment. to know, with the help of devoted

gram will be demonstrated and disSunday morning Mutual Imleaders, that the gospel is true, that cussed for the benefit of the hunprovement Association leaders will come what may, with a fervent dreds who attend. Again there will enjoy seeing and hearing in person testimony of this burning in each

be the early morning reception on the Tabernacle Choir and Organ heart, they will have found the

Temple Square, Friday, June 15, broadcast the usual Sunday pro- "peace that passeth understanding."

where old friends meet, where new gram. This will be followed by the M.I.A. leaders who attend June

friends are made, and where the testimony meeting, the afternoon conference will be given not only workers of M.I.A. meet the general meeting under the direction of the the specific information concerning

superintendency, the general presiFirst Presidency, and in the evetheir responsibilities but also the indency, and the general boards. ning again this year a conference of spiration and knowledge to help

Following this will be the two genLatter-day Saint youth. them implant this testimony in the

eral meetings: ( 1 ) the opening sesThere will be many extracurricuhearts of their young people.

MAY 1951 327 M MEN BASKETBALL

Valley, Logan Fifth Ward. This

team, which finished third in the 1950 meet, edged out Thirtythird 195051

Ward of Bonneville Stake, Salt

Lake City, 42 to 41, in a spinetingling finale, which was not decided until the last fifteen seconds.

Both teams showed the results of competent coaching. It was evident that Coach Calvin Watts of

the Logan Fifth and Coach Fred

Weidner of the Thirtythird Ward

First Assistant Superintendent A. Walter Stevenhad developed a high brand of son presents the sportsmanship trophy to Edgehill

Ward of Salt Lake City. teamwork among their charges. Incidentally, Coach Weidner was a

star on the University of Utah nafycunstokt tional championship team of 1947.

MEMBER OF THE Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

In addition to a crowd of 3,500 |HE success of the Church who saw the championship game at in its basketball activity the Fieldhouse, an estimated audiCurtis R. awards

Fifth Ward. T!during the 195051 season ence of 160,000 viewed the game theGeneralchampionshipSuperintendenttrophy to ElbertLogan

reached an alltime high. Thouover television. This was one of

sands of young men, representing eight tournament games telecast.

Church educational institutions, In a sports world all too often missions, and ward Mutual Imdarkened by booing crowds, squabbling Associations,provement played coaches ft clean basketballhard, in competiunsports- if f.:.jy Jfc*'and.fe; '

carried intion on not only players, manlike the AS 1 33hi:United States, Jttm

but also in other All f'l I B parts or the Monoronor seamJe JB&JT world. Church teams won more right:Reading from left to

than their share of the honors. But PleasantUDELLGroveWESTOVERFirst Ward

most important, Latterday Saint competitors conducted themselves L \according to gospel standards. *3 a

Culminating the program for the season was the Twentyninth Annual AllChurch Basketball TournaLoganDAVEFifthFERNEUWard Second Assistant Superintendent David S. King

presents second place trophy to ThirtyThird Ward, JACK CLARKment held March 21, 22, 23, and

Bonneville Fifth Stake. Logan Ward

24, in the University of Utah FieldBOYD PETERSEN house. This event came within a ThirtythirdBILL GREENWard

week after Brigham Young UniThirty-third Ward the AllChurch tournament offered versity basketball team rocked the a refreshing display of athletic sports world by handily winning the competition at its best. Wellcon-

National Invitational Tournament, ditioned young men justified the in Madison Square Garden, New admonition of the general superinYork. tendency of the Y.M.M.I.A. that

Participating in the AllChurch they be "a light to the world"in the meet were sixteen teams from five way they played the game. Crowd

states—Utah, Idaho, Arizona, Caliand coach behavior was beyond

fornia, and Nevada. These sixteen criticism.

teams qualified for tournament It is not surprising that the M berths in stake and divisional play Men tournament is outstanding in the largest basketball league in from the standpoint of player conit should be! No otherthe world—a league in which 10,000 duct—and

players represented 800 teams. The tournament in the world has the

winner of the AllChurch meet was number of competitors who hold the a smoothworking club from Cache {Continued on page 361) 328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r o it L tk

e$ o YOUTH

in common. Thinking down the

same channels, reading and studyCditor i *. THE MAN AT ing the same books, singing the

Patricia Hilton, the author of same songs, and praying together this article:, is now serving as a will let our love grow. Our love Isles SUNSET British in the missionary fertile soil in which the become? t will with her parents. The.article shall in which and we grow we shall paper as an English was written

and received an "A"from her guide and teach our children.. instructor. Dm latricia—Milton

'TTears are shining in the crystal ball now. Our sorrows do not

hold any foreboding for me. Truth

will be my guide. I know it is a

|His morning my spirits are truth that a sunny spring morning as high as the fluffy white cannot be appreciated to the full

Ticlouds above me. I'm unless the winter has passed, and

afraid if I wrote about my future as through contrast, joy emerges. Isn't

I see it, the result would be more it so with life? To love truly, to have

poetic than practical. Isn't an injoy, we must taste a little of the

dulgence in doing what one wants bitter.

to do when one wants to do it al- I see no ugly monster like separalowed once in awhile? I hope the tion or divorce in my imaginary

result will be humorous or harmless crystal ball. I see myself giving

or both. gladly and going more than halfAs I gaze at the windowpane beway. I will not mind this. I will

fore me, it slowly starts to swirl not mind what money we have. Let

before my vision, and a crystal ball there be enough for a pleasant life takes form. Dimly the form of a but not so much as to take away all

girl in a white formal appears. Why, challenge.

it is I! I am going to my senior ball.

Wait! Who is my escort? He's a \/[y crystal window swirls again.

cleancut, intelligent young man, a—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts My daughters and sons I see.

will love the fertile become in which growfew years older than I. My crystal weOurshall and we shallsoil guidein whichand They all are faithful to the truth.

ball doesn't tell me how tall he is or teach our children. A combination of tenderness and

the color of his hair or eyes. Perhaps strength, honor and virtue is their

I inheritance. isthis for surety a because know if the scene changes. Oh, Now lived have and his physithat Together matter about it won't we

this! Let could be be like heaven me

shall leave, only Singlycal worked. too appearance we much. Handcling just children Let twentyfive.

I will is again. meet one him meetsomeness not one of my require- I'll stand by the to

sunset, the of out and coming for althoughments "him"day I know about my skirts. home. gate he garden comes when

forever. shall together then will piercingly perfect be have manmy the we think not him world The may

I let his will soul awake come Suddenly eyes.deep from my They

perfect, will ideal he man, but be

I it all a will dream? dreaming.shine through. a keen have Was He will things for perfect have me. We practicality believe there some healthy a was body.mind Does and my

escort to the ball appear thus, you in it, and someday I will make my ask? No, I haven't met him yet. dream come true!

/Contributions the editors ofbyTheyoungImprovementpeople of theEra.ChurchEachto manuscriptThrough thesubmittedEyes of Youthwill be willcarefullybe welcomedconsideredby

and, if accepted, will be paid for at regular rates.

Articles must be wellwritten, 800 to 1500 words in length, and written on subjects of vital interest and concern to the young people of the Church. Church standards, ideals, and teachings, of

course, must be upheld.

MAY 1951 329 [ found myself being I was traveling for a fewintroduced to many weeks in Arizona. My health was others who smiled with

poor, and my many problems warmth as if I beseemed insurmountable. It was longed and they would

winter, with gray clouds and biting like me to stay....

wind, but I liked the snow, and the small town of Snowflake lay like a for us from her generous heart!

fairy world in glittering white. As Another lovely person sent your

I lingered over my breakfast in the magazine, The Children's Friend, small, warm restaurant, I sensed to my youngsters at Christmas.

the kindliness of the proprietor and In my restlessness, your Church his wife, who did the serving and gave me an inner quietude merely cooking. Their friendliness was by being able to sit and watch the

enchanting, more like the neighbordelightful family groups, since such liness of my grandmother's day love and unity seemed to exist sincere interest in another's welfare. among them. It does one good in

Somehow the subject of religion a world rife with divorce, child decame up. The man spoke with linquency, rampant with books

such fervent devotion about his glorifying illicit love, to see families faith that I was impressed, listening in church together. It restores one's

to him. I had the feeling his beideals, sometimes temporarily lost

liefs held meaning since they seemed in disillusionment, and renews one's such an integral part of his life. faith in the essential goodness of

I left, promising myself that if ever man.

my health was regained, I was deeply touched

I was going to visit an "Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts to see young people in

L.D.S. Church. church and to hear

I returned home to them speak with such

Glendale. Months selfassurance and pride

of their faith.passed, and I did not WELCOME HOME

solve my difficulties. I had an I had the same feeling when I

over, this wasoperation, and when

I had Bu watchedthe Mutualthe Improvementprogram plannedAssociaat the promiseI remembered made myself. I went to visit an tions for everyone. It was a real

L.D.S. Church. l\utk f\came5 rt/lim,$ovi pleasure to see parents and chil-

I was lonely. I was seeking comdren alike joining in dance and in

fort. I expected, as in other faith in human service to one anall kinds of recreation together.

first experience in canningchurches, to listen to the service other. My

and slip out quietly, knowing no I came home with a strange peace was something I shall long rememone, seeing no friendly face. But of mind and quiet joy. Your Church ber. Some members of your Church

hardly had I been seated when the did not forget I had entered its called for me in their car. It was

I enbishop of this ward came to me, doors for the first time. Very soon a lovely evening, and when

shook my hand, and asked my name. a group of members came to call tered the door of the cannery, what

I then found myself being introupon me. I was impressed with I saw there hardly seemed real to

duced to many others, who called their sincerity, their devotion, their me. So many people were working,

me sister, who smiled with warmth willingness to spend so many evehaving fun, sharing talk and laughas if I belonged and they would nings away from the comfort of ter. The greatest good for everylike me to stay. their own firesides to try to bring body was being accomplished with

for the together pulling lives everybody the into the of kind joy same all too where world, In a modern is cause. so Friendship the strength common did not of have us who for time no has neighboroften the necessity, of I often born and by rely faith their on. to of grew As a in stranger the andneighbor the there I the of evening was end visitors better, these to came know coolness, is with greetedchurch in friendship of glow their my to warm appreciate uneven more find church a to blessing awhat I It that regret heart. with was lives. selfish one woman When such friendliness and suchwith slipped the noticed time away, had clothes of a for of the need heard Christian true the withkindness, It completed. the work was and to struggling friend of mine young the living! practicalspirit of How in pride sense of such a one gave finish to college, imshe came me

warmth of a firm handclasp, the mediately with a good suit for him. knowing that warehouses would be

smile of someone unknown made me This same person often brought filled for the needy, and that in welcome, made me want to ask jars of her homecanned fruits and many places a small part of the questions about a group that seemed jams when she visited me, and world's hunger would be alleviated.

to live the teachings of Christ! I how very much my four children A new chapel is rising, and the

found not just lip service, but enjoyed these remembrances and men gather in the winter evenings, practical application of Christian the things this very kind woman did (Concluded on page 354) 330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HIGHLIGHTS Thethe Pearlmost ofinterestingGreat Priceyetis oneone ofof hisgivesvisionsomeof oftheAbraham'spreexistence,history,and the leastknown books of all his account of the creation of the

Church scriptures. Its influence on earth. This book is a translation

Latterday Saint doctrine and phifrom papyri which were taken from losophy, comparatively speaking, is a tomb in Egypt and which all out of proportion to its size. In eventually found their way into the

its pages may be found literature hands of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

from every dispensation of the gosThe final portions of the volume pel as understood by the Saints. The are: (1) a revision of the twentyvolume is a heterogeneous collecfourth chapter of the Gospel of

tion of the revelations, translations, Matthew; ( 2 ) an account of the

and narrations of Joseph Smith, first early life and visions of Joseph prophet, seer, and revelator of the Smith; (3) the Articles of Faith

Church. The oldest of its sources which were first printed in the

is a document older than the Bible, "Wentworth Letter"in the Times and the most recent dates no farther and Seasons.

back than the time of our grandIt is also interesting to note that fathers. Now let us take a brief many items have been added and

view of the history of this remarkdeleted between 1851 and 1902.

able little book. Among these are the complete texts

Roots of this volume run back in of Sections 77, 87, and 132 of the

Church history as far as June 1830, Doctrine and Covenants as well as but the final part dates only to 1843. parts of Sections 20, 27, and 107.

The first edition of the Pearl of Three poems have also been a part

Great Price was printed in Liverof the volume at one time or another.

pool, England, in 1851 by Elder about the The best known of these was

Franklin D. Richards of the Coun- "Truth,"now known as "Oh! Say

cil of the Twelve. A Welsh verWhat Is Truth.""Penillion"may sion followed in 1852. Twentysix PEARL be found only in the Welsh version

years later, in 1878, the first Ameriof 1852, and "Die Wahrheit"made can edition made its appearance in its only appearance in the German Salt Lake City. Since then more OF GREAT version of 1882.

than fortyfive editions, versions, Among the contributions which and reprints have been published at the Pearl of Great Price has madefrequent intervals. Besides being PRICE to Church doctrine and philosophy,

printed in English, the Pearl of t> three prominent ones may claim our

Great Price has been printed in attention at this point. First, the

Welsh, German, Danish, Dutch, doctrine of the preexistence of the

Swedish, Hawaiian, Maori, Saspirits of men is nowhere given inmoan, and Armenian. There are &y such detail and with the clarity that

four editions of the book which may is in the books of Moses and Abrabe considered as basic: ( 1 ) the first Lkaned (L*. J4a er,tt ham. While we may quote Biblical

edition of 1851 printed in Liverpool, scriptures to prove to the world that

England, by Franklin D. Richards; the doctrine is correct, it is in the

(2) the first American edition of unto Moses, etc."(Moses 1); and Pearl of Great Price that the basic

1878, presumably revised by Orson the "Writings of Moses."(Moses revelations are found. Second, the

Pratt; (3) the 1902 edition, and chapter 2-6, 8. ) The other parts of "fall"is elucidated in a manner

(4) the 1921 edition, both revised the Pearl of Great Price as now that is probably unsurpassed in by Dr. James E. Talmage. constituted have always been in the either ancient or modern scriptures.

It may be surprising to some to volume, though numerous changes Third, the mission of the Messiah learn that the Pearl of Great Price in text have taken place. the ministry of the Christ, the atonehas not always been the same as it The Pearl of Great Price at ment, and the Second Advent—is

is today. The Book of Moses, for present contains, first of all, the predicted in a most forceful way.

instance, was not so denominated Book of Moses (a record of a series It may be of interest to note that until 1902, and in the beginning it of visions given to Moses), also an some of the best literature on the was divided into three sections, account of the creation of the world creation and on the purposes of namely: "Extracts from the Prophand of the antediluvian history. An creation is found in this volume.

ecy of Enoch"(part of Moses, extract from the prophecy of Enoch These concepts are highlighted by chapter 6, and all of chapter 7); may also be found in its pages. Then the words: "For behold, this is my

"The words of God, which he spake comes the Book of Abraham which {Continued on page 354)

MAY 1951 331 -VWWWWWWVVVWWVWS Money to spend A nostalgic, heartwarming story of two smallgirls who discovered what they wanted more than anything else in the world

sister Bessie and (L*. Vulnckell I 8,i) ar>i

did not girls, peopleWHENwere mylittle speak of depressions or recessions. They just said times were a new Sunday School songbook

hard or that hard times had come (thirtyfive cents), for he could again. read music and play the tunes on

Bessie and I knew that times his flute. That was a very special

were indeed hard, and that farmers day for us all.

worried for fear they could not pay After school Bessie and I would the taxes or the interest on the change our aprons and hurry to the mortgage. cellar, where down the center lay

No one seemed to know just why the cheese on long wide shelves times were hard. Some blamed the supported by upright timbers. We

high tariff that we had just had or hoped to get through and have a the low tariff that we had now. little time to play before dark. We

But whatever the government in might have to include our small

Washington did, we had other brother and sister in our play as do those on the next row, for I things to contend with. The corn well as the yearold baby, so that was ten. But Bessie was only

crop had been good, and the hogs Mamma could get supper, but there seven. She had to stand on a box

had eaten it but were now dying of were many plays in which they to reach the bottom row and could cholera. The wheat crop was poor. could be included. The baby was only take care of the "Young

There seemed to be nothing to a delicate little thing but very pretty Americas."

bring in any money. with big brown eyes and yellow At the end of the day Papa

But Bessie and I had money. We hair. She loved playing with us. would pay us each a penny, if he

earned it. We earned it by rubbing Rubbing cheese was very particuhad it. But times were so hard

cheese for Papa. We worked after lar work, and I learned to do it that sometimes he could not spare

school and part of Saturday, and better than I ever learned to do a penny. When he could not, he

he paid us one cent a day. In vacaanything else. would write it down in a little

tion we sometimes earned two cents. With a small cloth we would rub book, and then sometimes when he

Papa had an old cheese press and rub the cheese, top and sides, would be in debt to us a nickel or a that he hoped would help out with until every vestige of white film was dime we would get the amount all at expenses. People said that he made removed, and there was nothing left once. He never failed to pay us,

the best cheese anywhere in the to make mold. Then with a clean and we felt a fine sense of security

country, but prices were so low that cloth dipped in old butter, we would in that knowledge, even though cheese often sold for only seven or rub the top of the cheese. Next taxes and interest worried even us.

eight cents a pound, and when he very carefully we lifted the cheese Nickels and children were seldom sold it at the stores, he would someup on its side, supporting it with together in those days, except pertimes receive only groceries for it one arm so that there would be no haps at Christmas or the Fourth of in exchange. strain on the cheese cloth casing, July.

If anyone going by our place while we rubbed the board dry Bessie and I put our money stopped in to buy cheese and bought where it had lain. Then turning away carefully, for we planned to

half of a big one or the whole of a it over very gently, the bottom was get something really nice with it.

small one, called "Young America,"now on top. Another rubbing with We would not spend it as we went

Papa would be paid cash. That the cloth dipped in old butter on along on candy or trinkets in the

was a real event in the family and top and sides, and that cheese was College Springs store, two and a was a help in paying the farmers finished and in no danger of cracks, half miles away, where we occasionwho sold milk to us. Once I had skippers, dryness, or mold. ally went. I don't know whether

a new school reader from such a I could manage the larger cheeses or not it was hard for Bessie to sale, and another time Papa bought and, by standing on a chair, could resist spending her money when 332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We knew, too, about great poverty in some places and starvation in others. It was hard to

realize that, too. We had cheese

and bread and butter and milk and things in our garden to eat, and we each had seventyfive cents held tight in one moist hand.

We began at one end of the glassedin counter. Bessie stood

close to me with one hand holding my skirt, for several people had come into the store, and she did not like to look at so many strangers at once.

Here was candy of several kinds, among them sugarcoated gumdrop balls attached to a long elastic string. Bessie pointed a finger at

them, but I shook my head. We

were not going to spend our money bit by bit on little things. We looked

long at mouth organs, or harps, as we called them, for they made fine music, and Papa could play them.

"We might get them for Christmas,"I said, and we passed them by. They were only ten or fifteen

cents anyway. There were several

small containers shaped like lan- '&&\.:& 'v*'terns, filled with pink perfume. They

After school Bessie and I would change::':>::'x::y;:":::>':W:-:-:':':':W: our aprons and hurry to the cellar.

she was only seven, for she was a the cheese in the back, protected were really quite hard to resist, but shy child who talked little. I talked from the sun and dust by papers we moved on, and here were auto-

a great deal, and my decision may and a canvas cover. graph albums, each seventyfive

have influenced her. Our small brother and sister cents. We thought of everybody

Finally the day came when we looked rather bleak for they were we knew writing in them and that fine indeed, but we movedeach had seventyfive cents. It not going anywhere. We gave them would be

was the first money we had ever a very casual goodbye, for we had down a foot or two, and here lay earned, and we were going to the had them a long time, but we ran breastpins, beautiful to see and just town of Blanchard, six miles away. back to kiss the baby. She had right to fasten our lace collars for

We were going with Papa who been having earache but was all Church. These breastpins were

would try to sell cheese to the right now. She smiled and waved white clasped hands with a bit of

storekeeper, and we would spend her hands. gold at the wrist. They were each

cents, seventyfive thought and weour money. the store reached wonderful We those, but choose would we had in. to the we shoes blacked our wellworn went and Papa went We of the counter the not end gone to talk blackingwith to to about of soot from the back Bean Mr. made

underside of stove lids mixed with cheese, and Bessie and I were free yet, and so we went on.

soapy water. It did very well to walk about and admire. This And at the end, there before us,

when the blacking box was empty. store had so many things in it and lay something we had never even

of. Gone at once wasWe scrubbed our hands and faces. so much trade that Mr. Bean had dreamed

inWe put on our best clothes. I to have someone help him sell the glamor of the pink perfume

talked about what we might buy, things. Mr. Wolfe helped him. its little lanterns. Gone were the

and of the wonderful store that I Now Bessie and I knew that good taste of the gumdrop balls, had seen once before. Bessie said there were big cities and great the music of the harps, the interest

nothing, but her eyes were shining, stores and millionaires, but it was in the autograph albums, and the and her hands trembled so that she hard to realize any place larger beauty of the breastpins with their could hardly button her shoes. than this town with its four hundred clasped hands and bit of gold.

We were ready and stood in people or any man richer than the For there lay a white wool, the doorway waiting for Papa to store owner, with all these fine factorycrocheted jacket and hood.

drive up in the spring wagon with things in his store. (Continued on page 346)

MAY 1951 333 Connecticut's Early Records GENEALOGY icroritmeI

d5i4 cLloud ). Mnak es

The huge task of microfilming the towns the lunch period was from land and probate records in the twelve noon to two in the aftervarious towns was our first step in noon. In those places I was perthis undertaking. As the Genealogimitted to work unmolested also. In

cal Society is microfilming records every instance the town officials only prior to the year of 1850, a have cooperated, realizing the imsurvey showed that 146 towns out portance of preserving their records.

of the 169 were incorporated beThroughout the state these recfore that date. It was further noticed ords are kept in fireproof safes;

that the town officials did not keep however, the town offices were

Presentation of films to the Connecticut State regular office hours, some offices found in different types of buildings

Library. Center: James Brewster, state librarian; left, being open only by appointment,—I have found them in farmhouses,

operatorMrs. Johnnie of card camera; Hughes,

right, in some two days a week, others daily, stores, service stations, banks, fireLloyd S. operator Hughes, microfilm

Connecticut. with starting hours anywhere from houses, over garages, and in town

eight to ten o'clock in the morning. halls. Some of the town halls are

all of years Nevertheless coover two have hundred them old and are in their labors Bless them, Thee, pray we

I facilities. to extent without with us any such an modern fall in preoperatedthat into errors not they may

paring their genealogies; and furthermore, that no time has been lost. Some of recall one incident in which I visitwe ask Thee to open before them new the town clerk's offices were open ed a town and found that the ofavenues of information, and place in their only every other day or only twice fice was closed and was supposed

the of the past, that recordshands their a week. In some of these towns I to be open only by appointment.

not but only complete be correctwork may also. (From dedicatory prayer of the Salt have been given a key to the office Having the home address of the

Lake Temple, The House of the Lord, p. in order that our work might contown clerk, I drove there and intro165.) tinue uninterrupted. In many of the (Continued on page 349)

THEmicrofilmingclimax ofin thethreestateyearsof Conof necticut bring to the Genealogical Society one of the most valuable collections of records to be found in the United States. This collection

includes land records (deeds), probate records (wills), vital records, private manuscripts, church records, headstone inscriptions, and newspaper notices of early marriages and deaths dating back to 1633.

In July, 1947 I reported to James

Brewster, librarian for the state of

Connecticut, and was introduced to

Harold S. Burt, state examiner of

public records. Through the cooperation of these two men our

work on this project has progressed smoothly and happily for all concerned.

Connecticut State Library, Hartford, Section of vault in which Probate Records (wills) prior to 1850 are stored.

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mountain the of monarchs proud cedars, giant The axes flashing the fell before Lebanon, ancient of slopes erosion causing woodmen, expert Solomon's of King was fair land former until the water and wind by a barren waste.

Lebanon. The land about Jerusalem

was fertile, for King Solomon, who had made a compact with Hiram, king of Tyre, to furnish him timbers to build his temple and other buildings, was able to provision the immense levies of the thousands of laborers all those twenty years.

Solomon also supplied Hiram with 145,000 gallons of wine and 145,000 gallons of oil a year. He could

not have done this had the land been the desert it is today.

But desert land was no obstacle to the Latterday Saints, even though in attempting to turn the—Religious News Service Photo hard ground baked by centuries of

hot sun, it broke their first plows.

Fremont called the Great Salt Lake

Desert the Great Basin because it King Solomon's DESERT had no outlet to either ocean. It

has also been called the Dark Continent, because it stood in the i5u Jrola J\lm,ball J>mltk paths of pioneers and adventurers on their way to California and

Oregon. The scorching midsummer

he fame of King day Saints made a barren desert sun made it a place to be avoided.

Solomon's Temple, into a land of homes and gardens. Daniel Webster is reputed to have

though it was built a Perhaps Solomon was thought to declared it unfit for any use except thousand years before be the wisest man that ever lived. for wild animals.

Christ, has endured His father, King David, also cogBut the Saints wanted a place no nizant perspicacity great the ages. of his son's through Twentydown place beyond one else wanted—a in its buildchose over his him consumedyears and wisdom, were They of civilization. the bounds

ing, twenty years in which the axes brothers as his successor. were a deeply religious people and

of the Sidonian's expert woodmen King Solomon was only twenty had been persecuted because of their and eighty thousand of King Soloyears old when he ascended the religion for over a quarter of a mon's men never stopped—until the throne. His kingdom extended from century. They had been driven

cedars of Lebanon had been dethe Euphrates on the north to the from Ohio, Missouri, and from their stroyed. Mediterranean on the east. As evicity, Nauvoo "the Beautiful"in

The hot sun then held full sway, dence that his father had made a western Illinois. And now, masters

burned and baked the ground until correct choice, outlying territories of the art of laying out cities, they it was as dry and cracked as a paid tribute to the popular young came to this unwanted desert driedup river bottom. Then the ruler, and foreign kings paid him region.

winds did their work and carried homage. Wealthy and known for Inside of three weeks they had

away the topsoil. The brooks behis remarkable judicial decisions, laid the foundation of Salt Lake

came mere rivulets. Solomon had Solomon was also wise in the affairs City and had selected a temple site.

built his temple, but behind it lay of the state and in its betterment. Almost the first day of the arrival

a manmade desert. He made treaties and built up an of the Vanguard of the two thouNature, as if to compensate for extensive commerce. His thirty sand that came that summer, they

year reign is alluded to as the diverted the streams of the canyonsthis destruction—though many centuries lay between-—brought a Golden Age of Israel. and flooded the land. Then they

harrassed and persecuted people to According to the Holy Writ, the dug furrows and planted potatoes.

the Great Salt Lake desert. Here eastern shores of the Mediterranean These people had introduced

these people also built a temple to were at that time the seat of large modern irrigation to America.

God. They were forty years in cities, such as Sidon and Tyre. The Twentythree years after this mass

its construction, hewing stone from mountains bordering the sea were movement there were hundreds of the mountains, bringing wood from a hundred miles long and extended miles of irrigation canals and faraway canyons. But where their thirtyfive miles inland. They were ditches. They brought water to

ancient predecessor made a fertile covered with a dense forest of fir, 167,000 acres of land that had been land into desert waste, the Lattersandalwood, and the cedars of (Concluded on page 346)

MAY 1951 335 n-> n*J (Lpicd of the lA/edt where,snows oftrappedNovember,by thethefirstmembersheavy of the company built a winter stockThe ade,friendlycalledMandanFort MandanIndians, fromnear thethe site of Bismarck, North Dakota. It

Story of wasa babyduringboy thiswas winterborn tosojoUrnthe youngthat wife, Sacajawea, whom she was to

on April 7, 1805 the SACAJAWEA nameWhen,Toussaint, after her husband.

travelers were launched again on the icefree river, six buffalohide canoes replaced the barge, too bulky for the narrowing Missouri River.

The landscape took on formidable sTohn J>k proportions, repelling their intrusion. Day by day the men, portaging goods and boats past wildly

thundering cataracts, grew leaner from their toil. Their moccasins

and clothes, unpatched for want of buffalo hide (for the herds were scarce here), showed increasing wear. Their footsteps often left

The(180406)Lewis andis frequentlyClark Expeditioncalled theroughtelltalewaymarksthey ofpioneered.blood alongUnthe

the most important ever undercomplaining, her papoose strapped taken by the United States, openwhose aid had proved invaluable in upon her back, the Indian mother ing up the great Northwest, then reaching his objective: "She has Sacajawea suffered with the rest,

an unexplored wilderness, and makequal fortitude and resolution with unaware of the heroic part she ing secure this country's title to the any member of the party."was playing in this drama of hisvast Louisiana territory, a million It was a mysterious and uncharted tory.

square miles of virgin land west of voyage upon which Captain MeriOf them all, only Sacajawea the Mississippi which had been wether Lewis, his lieutenant, Wilknew the way they were going. The

purchased by the envoys of Presiliam Clark, and their twentyseven upland country here, with its dent Jefferson from the French selected frontiersmen embarked on heavilyforested, nearly impenetraEmperor Napoleon for fifteen milMay 14, 1804, sending their two ble depths, where ferocious grizzly lion dollars. long sleek rowboats and a bargebears at times disputed their pasIt is possible that this expedition like bateau up the unfrequented sage, awed these first white spectamight have been unsuccessful in waters of the Missouri River into tors and confused directions. But

its mission without the intuitive the land of primitive forests and Sacajawea, remembering from her guidance and intervention with her massivelytowering mountains which childhood, recognized a creek where

Indian people of the comely young only a few Americans had seen. the tribesmen of her people once colShoshone Indian princess, SacaIn half a year the expedition had lected clay for painting war parties.

jawea, the wife of a French halfjourneyed sixteen hundred miles by She it was who pointed the right breed, Toussaint Charbonneau, who water alone, piercing deeper and way to go. The Lewis and Clark

had been taken as an interpreter deeper into the amazing, unending company celebrated July 4, 1805 at for the party. reaches of the western wilderness the base of the great Rocky MounSix years before, Sacajawea, then through meadowlands peopled richtains whose snowtipped peaks

sixteen years of age, had been ly with animal life lost themselves in the captured by a raiding war party of prairies at times dark clouds. Those peaks

Hidatsas Indians and taken far with the massed, serrating the horizon from her tribal home of the Shohumped forms of miwarned the expedishones in Idaho. Later she was grating bison—and tion that the most

sold to Charbonneau,. who married ever on the illimitable difficult part of their

her. horizon the rolling trek had now begun.

At first reluctant to take a woman hills which farther on W'hen the dwinalong with the company, the serious reached up to rugged dling Missouri young Captain Lewis finally allowed plateaus. abruptly offered three

her to accompany her husband. This was the end iey desperately branches down which

When, two years and four months of the white man's needed help from to choose their later, they returned triumphantly trail, for not even the the Indians, yet the course, the unfailing tribesmen might be to St. Louis, their starting point, traders had ventured hostile, even if memory of Sacajawea

Lewis wrote of the Indian girl beyond the point found. % (Continued on page 358)

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of navigation training. They will

graduate in a few weeks, and once one has had the vision of those silver wings before his eyes, it doesn't disappear with the few cold words of an elimination board president."

The night before it had all happened, Joe, who was rough and rowdy but all man, had said: "You

go before the board tomorrow, Miller. We'll see what your religion

can do for you then. That's what

it's for, isn't it? To help a man

when he's down?"

And. has it helped me? thought

the boy. What kind of Father is

he who lets a man down when he needs help most?

"I, the Lord, am bound when ye

I::. do what I say; but when ye do not

what I say, ye have no promise."

(D. & C. 82:10.) The boy's mother

had quoted him that many times

I owe him nothing now, Jke inbitterly,his youth. Well, he thought

I T was the hour before sunset, that one hour of the day when Mother Nature seems to let peace reign supreme over the endless reaches of earth and sky. The ARMS OF STRENGTH grass upon which the boy sat, the

tree against which he leaned, the faint evening breeze as it rustled 5e Q, Ml his hair, all seemed to add a bene- 4 JU diction to the closing day. But

the boy was conscious of none of so long? Eliminated physically, he nor he me. I start out with a clean

these. His soul was filled with a thought bitterly. These eyes of slate today. I need no help from

vast emptiness combined with an mine are good eyes, and they were this mythical God. From now on

overwhelming resentment toward perfect when I came here. They it's me, alone. me—justman and God. didn't even mention that they had Joe had called last night. "How

It had been over a week, and gone bad because of all the about going down to 'Freddie's still those few cold words came close work in navigation with the Place'tomorrow night?"he had

back to him where even his dreams computer, the drift meter, the said. He had mentioned that he

at night told him that mercator charts, and would be over at seventhirty.

he had failed: "And so on and on! "Well,"mused the boy, "I'll be

as president of the Toe, who was His thoughts went there, and waiting."

board it is my duty rough and rowback to his early He came out of his reverie to inform that you at was abruptly looked his watch. and What dy, had said: training.it have physiyou been the It of six fortyfive. Wishave would was Word He go before "Youcally eliminated from said? to had to dom hurry "And going if he be was

navigation training."the board tomorall saints who reready by seventhirty. He arose

row, Miller, Well member to keep and quickly, and as he walked towardsThat was all—no

more. see what your redo these sayings... his barracks, his thoughts conThe boy's thoughts ligion can do for shall run and not be tinued: Another day is drawing to

of that fateful day you then."weary, and shall a close, but tonight there will be

continued. You stand walk and not faint."no staying in the barracks and

up now—salute the "What kind of a thinking, endlessly thinking, for me.

president, make a left face, and promise is that to me?"he There will be no room for thoughts

walk out. Walk out to what but whispered hoarsely. "What good of failure or home or the Lord at

blackness and defeat? What does has it done me to refrain from 'Freddie's.'

it matter to them, the fourteen smoking or to make excuses when He reached the barracks. Rapidly

months of working and waiting and Joe or Stan or Rob has said 'Come he climbed the stairs and walked sweating and hoping and praying, on, one never hurt anyover to his bunk to change his fella—justthey who have had their wings one'? They are making a success (Concluded on following page)

MAY 1951 337 THE ARMS OF STRENGTH {Concluded from preceding page) of our old talks together. I have missed And Tom had said he was completely on his own. He had saidclothes. And there, lying on his sentthem heresincetowearmourerwere separated,school. and I was

pillow, were three letters, one from Remember that sweltering hot day on he needed no one, and no one his mother, one from his best friend, the train when we were on our way to needed him. The tears were running

and one from his wife who would Florida and basic training? There had down his cheeks freely now, for

for hours, car in our and been water no without friends, that life he realized his sweetheart.always be

finally for dinner called were when we ideals, without home, old cold to without for something The praying were resentment welled we stronger in his breast. Well, he drink. We walked into the diner, and would be dark indeed.

thought angrily, I have no time there sitting before us were two tall The third letter remained. Slow-

a miracle glasses of iced eyes my it opened it tea—to ly up and he picked tonight, either.for them They all to I think in one behold. I drank mine her. from gently. It was failed, I have by lifted up, now thatknow yours swallow. you Then

it, I just at said, mine, I looked and "Have infailed thing miserably the one

Dearest One, coffee."tea or don't drinkreally to in the accomplish wanted all of our together, it we were I When about questioned you Then when

I'll too. wait,army. Let them troubles, or small, large made were always still all that the car and night was when

read them when I've nothing else you could hear was the clicketyclack of to seem unimportant when we would talk to do. steel wheels on steel, I think I learned them over. I could always confide in

He picked up his shaving kit and reallymeans toto itsappreciatemembers. whatYou canMormonismcertainly you.in me Andnow. thank you, Dear, for confiding

started for the washroom, but he call it a living religion. The fact that When I received your letter the first

paused before reaching it. Better you are ready to stand by your ideals thought that came into my mind was,

after for him, done has this army live to before the world be up What proud andstill, letters the he I'll read reasoned, it? for all has indeed has done he What is full religion of the teachings your I'll to with, so get it over andnow for for him, husband the done Lord my fine to character of proof me. your

have nothing on my mind when I I know you are disappointed in this new who has always given his full efforts to meet Joe. turn of events. But I also know that the his every task?

So he returned, picked up the lifefirm sinceidealschildhoodthat havewillbeenseea partyou ofthroughyour theseBut arewe wrong.know thatGod thoughtsworks in suchhis ownas

first letter, and after a brief pause, this or any other situation that may arise. way. His wisdom carries through to the

tore it open. And there on plain I'll not write more now except to let very end, and though now our poor

white sheets, neatly folded as he you know that I am very proud to have powers to comprehend are so inadequate, that the shall of ways someday know we seen themhad so many times before, you for a friend. the best in are Father heaven our ways pal, Your sincere wrote:his mother for us. Mac.

My every prayer is that soon this

My dear Son: strife will be over, and we can live as we

Your letter came today. And, my boy, have always planned. Until then I'll dream

I am not answering with a letter of SUNSHINE MAKER of our happiness together and find a warm sympathy, as I know you neither want By Nell Griffith Wilson contentment in thoughts of the future.

nor need it. Rather it is just a little talk Fay.

on the couch in the front room, one of * I J HE bus was filled with quiet folks many that we have had. - That early summer day, Tom let the letter fall slowly

little physical This development the landscape watched that Who dreamily from his fingers. The resentment

way. it sped is entirelyhas on its come As to you out of your

hands, and although it has prevented you that had been hard around his from achieving your goal, I am sure your Then came a stop for passengers, heart was gone, and thoughts of his in mother's arms And that foreyes always looked the have lain that during dormant had home little traveler a There came all will inpure things again good and bitter the past again were week sunlit charms. With baby

strong, will the andbecome bring Lord his mind. through running He his in tothings about up make own way eagerness, bright with His eyes were

It his at watch. looked seven was this forto disappointment. you all the world For new was

You have always been a seriously thinkWhile long dark lashes lightly swept twentyfive. Somewhere, far back

ing boy, and for this you will be rewarded. Those eyes of deepest blue. in his mind he seemed to remember

for are great opportunitiesThere advanceyour keepment coming your A little nose with just a tilt, that he had made an appointment way, so head high and your mind clear and re- A wisp of soft, brown hair for seventhirty, but it no longer

Stood for importance.ceptive of any do come. them when they A quitemerry,awryelfin andair. lent his face was finally, constantly in touch with keepAnd he Slowly rose from his bunk,

Father, foreveryour he will Heavenly and time friends no in making He lost the outside walked stairs and down see through. you wiles, baby winsome With twilight. into the steps evening His for dear. Goodnight now, From teeth perfect small two lit up the And

bottom of my heart I ask God to bless The center of his smiles. led him up the lane towards the

and comfort you always. setting sun which gave one last

all his newlearned Mother. With merry tricks gloriously bright acknowledgment jokes, imaginary And

He changed those quiet passengers of its presence and then slipped

More slowly now the boy opened To very friendly folks. from sight.

letter.his second back He blinked friendly like a hand, Then, warm, left, he goodbye So when he wavedthe his vision; blurred tears which the his friends, darkness ennew-found came and down To all

then he began. It was from Mac. But memory may travel on veloped him with the peace he had

His friend hadn't forgotten. Although the journey ends. been so hoping for. And then he

there sunshine in the bus was And not alone. knew. was He HeDear Tom:

it its way, went on As alone. could never be He walked Tonight I received your letter. I have little a Because oneyear-old

been feeling all day that I could use one Went traveling that day. with the Eternal Father of all.

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA within our power to incorporate this method as the technique to be used in all of our learning situations. M.C.J.

TIHIJL )0> &<WZSLAX4*Afe, GANDHI—FIGHTER WITHOUT A SWORD

(Jeanette Eaton. Illustrated. Wm.

1950. 253 York. Morrow New b Co.,

its live those within boundaries whoOUTLINES OF pages. $3.00.)

feel for this it. Into should volumeECCLESIASTICAL HISTORY author, ten has written who The

life's 6th edition. Published her(B. H. Roberts. desire: has Mrs. Falck woven ability biographies, other rare the has

of respect Christ of the flag the Church Latto Jesusby people make the and to characters her live, and make

Saints, Saltterday for City. 1950. it stands States. what in the United Lake

ability to rarer eager make her readers countries Citizens other of$2.25.) could

the them. well to all about Employing know

thisTt is good to note another edition, the learn from through book the ways the form, story the author has created could build respect a they which sixth, sound of this helpful book, used both in his setting great which this had man flags. for their national C. ]. Itas in private a text study. M. and life, being. Beginning his early with

covers in outline the story of the she has traced the causes for and the ecclesiastical organization of Christian FROM CUMORAH'S LONELY development of the concepts that countries, which all Latterday Saints HILL shaped his destiny. The author traces

must understand in his in India, training his childhood (Olive Wilkins. Deseret McFate

of thefenders in Africa, England, South his work Press, Salt Utah. Lake City, gospel.—/.to be effectiveA. W. deNews

is It his India. to dedication a and 1950. 202 pages.)DOCTRINE AND stirring to durread one be book—and letter this which preceded book HPheCOVENANTS COMMENTARY officials ing these days many when greatest interest the is of in many Smith and M. Janne(Hyrum M. to solution the think to only seem war author ways. reached seventytwo TheSjodahl. Salt Deseret Book Company, problems. vexing C. M. J. in the of heritage proud City. 1950.Lake $5.00.) March—with

children, six grandchildren, and A revised edition of this useful book six two COUNSELING ADOLESCENTS blessed. greatgrandchildren to call her

called has long for the B. been (Shirley A. by Hamrin and Blanche Since has 1938 she been a shutin

public. the to It helps reader underAssociates, Paulson. Science Research

arthritis. In with 1945 she undertook

Inc.,stand the divine completely more 1950. pages. York. 371 New writing the of this book, of most which

revelations of the to the Prophet Lord $3.50.)

in written "while bed."was propped up Smith and to Brigham Young.Joseph All with people young who deal letter concludes: lover "Being The a—/. A. W. of the Book of Mormon I took much the home or in the auxiliaries will findin

UNDER DIXIE SUN joycourage,in writingsuch enterprisethe story inof theit."faceSuchof thisin additionbook stimulatingto the formaland helpfulpresentationsince

(Published by Washington County almost insurmountable difficulties of counseling there are many concrete

Chapter Daughters of Utah Pioneers. should shame most of us into using our examples to point up the material.

Hazel Bradshaw, Editor. Garfield time and our health to better advanSome of the section headings will indiCounty News, Panguitch, Utah. 438 tage. cate the scope of the work: Human

pages. $5.00.) The book is written in poetic form. Nature and Counseling, Youths Move Maturity, The Counseling In- A wealth of invaluable information It seems phenomenal that the author toward

has been collected in this volume, should have been able to condense so terview as a Learning Situation, Counin seling struggled,dedicated Areas, "to those Vocational Youth who the centrality of of the much Book this sacrificed in fortoiled Counseling Areas, and Emotional today: Youth

of into form. rhymed, verse Mormon

Portrait material of Pioneers."Dixie a Counselor. CompetentOur The A subtitle epic should "an The poem"

all of historyranges through as the should to an prove be book The better read narrative have "a poem,"in activities will the that experience the as thewell leader southwestsend it since the intensity preserves the of is state of understanding the ofern part with valuan and most more away narrative true without becoming a his for to asable material of those source counselor young what work who may C. epic—M. J. consists. people truly of ]. great the write C. our storysoon M.

collectionpioneering This movement.

that is foreverrevives a period gone NEW WAYS TO BETTER THE SEVENTEEN READER but which can be revived in all its MEETINGS (Selected and Edited by Bryna Ivens.

grandeur and heartbreak through (Bert and Frances Strauss. The Viking J. B. Lippincott Co., New York. 1951.

many of these firsthand accounts of Press. New York, 1951. 177 pages 310 pages. $2.75.)

events. It is rather too bad that so $2.95.) This breezy collection of editorials,

useful a volume should have been "D ased on the principle that the demostories, poetry, articles, and even recbound without an index which would cratic method is the best procedure ipes from Seventeen will solve some enhance its usefulness and value. The in every situation, this book indicates problems for many a teacher as well

contents, however, will help overcome ways to better leadership. It also sugas many a mother of the teenage girl.

this handicap. M. C. J. gests methods for meeting the probMerely handing the book to a teenager

lems that arise in groups which have will insure its reading, for the very

THE ROMANCE OF UNCLE been proceeding in the stereotyped first article will prove inviting enough

SAM'S EMBLEM manner of teacherpupil situation. that the entire book will be finished.

(Lilliebel Falck. Vera F. Beason, Surely, if by applying the group But parents shouldn't be too sure that

Publisher, Salt Lake City. 1950. 70 method that has been proved scientheir teenagers will answer the first

pages. $3.00.) tifically effective in bringing people to call for dinner—or breakfast—or lunch

"por citizens of the United States this unanimity of conviction, we can bring—after the book is given. But be

book will serve to point up the hisyouth to an intelligent'acceptance of patient, the end result will certainly tory of the flag and the feeling that the gospel, we should do everything justify the delay! M. C. J.

MAY 1951 339 John 11. Horner

"CT7 "C"7 alifomia 5 urnier

but worked hard and paid strict

By attention to business. They could

DOYLE L GREEN see in the future nothing but

MANAGING EDITOR progress.

But John M. Horner had made a

number of serious "business mis- (Conclusion ) takes,"These mistakes, combined with the money panic which swept 1853 the Horner potato crop is the country, hitting the west coast

BY reported to have reached the in the fall of 1854, within a few 'MSMiiBMimM&ll&iMSU months swept away all of the unbelievable total of 11,000

Homers'enormous holdings. Buttons—22,000,000 pounds. They also

harvested that year 1500 acres of (Continuing the saga to the credit of John Horner it must wheat and barley in addition to large of the indomitable be said that these "mistakes"were quantities of cabbage, tomatoes, and spirit of a young Morall on the side of helpfulness and onions. Flour mills were scarce, mon settler in Calibrotherly love. In later years he

errors follows: the as built theirso they one of own at fornia's goldrush redescribed

I held in the com- "The position City. miles sixteen ofUnion The

gions, who settled on a munity at this time made me muchpublic roads which they opened ran mostly through their own land. To tiny sixteenacre farm sought after as an endorser of notes,

show their farsightedness, they with his young bride a signer of bonds, and a loaner of made the roads one hundred feet and pyramided his money to the impecunious. As I

wide with provisions for fences holdings into a vast had been raised in purely a rural and shade trees on both sides. Later farming empire worth district of New Jersey and was ungenerations reduced the width of a nearmillion dollars

the roads to sixty feet. The Homers all within a span of less To John M. Horner, California's true gold lay

equipped and operated a stage line than five years. hidden in the fertility of its wonderful soil.

from Union City to San Jose,—Photograph by Hal Rumel

twentyfive miles away, thus with their steamship, completing passenger service between that city and

San Francisco. In addition to the ($30,000.00), and a crop much

3000 acres of land they owned in larger than the one which in 1851

Alameda County, they obtained had sold for $270,000.00. In addi5250 acres adjoining the city of tion they had their stage line, wareSan Francisco for which they paid houses, farm homes, barns, equip-

$290,000.00, and "a large tract"in ment, and livestock. Sam Brannan

Santa Clara County. was reported to be among the first

Just how much the total holdings millionaires in California, but it was of the Homers would have been in the sixties that he reached the valued at by the summer of 1854, a height of his power. The assets

short five years after John M. of John M. Horner and Company

Horner sold his first two dollars* must have totaled close to a million worth of watermelons from his sixdollars some years earlier.

teen acres, would be impossible to The future probably never looked estimate accurately. Their known brighter for any enterprise than it

holdings, however, included farm looked for the Homers that summer land for which they had actually of 1854. They owed not a penny

paid $417,000.00, a steamer costing on all their property; their crops

$18,000.00, a flour mill costing were large and of good quality;

$85,000.00, thirty miles of fencing neither of the brothers drank nor

costing about $1000.00 a mile gambled nor dissipated in any way

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA acquainted even in theory with the of thousands of acres of property claimed ownership. Upon investi-

"tricks"of the trade, the unwise was poverty stricken. gation, Horner became convinced

course of endorsing notes or loanAlthough Horner's endorsements that the Indian was the rightful ing money without adequate securtotaled only about $40,000.00, inowner, so thereafter he dealt with

ity had never entered my head. I terest and other expenses made him instead of with the priest, finalloaned and endorsed freely, hoping it necessary for them to raise over ly buying his claim for six hundred

to do good thereby. I have no $70,000.00. The San Francisco dollars. Sometime later a merchant

recollection of refusing anyone askproperty they mortgaged for $50,- showed Horner a map of the land ing for an accommodation or re000.00 with four percent interest and claimed that it was a provisional

questing'his notes endorsed up to ( $2000.00 ) monthly, payable in adgrant by Mexico to another Indian.

1854."vance. As they couldn't pay the As he had a valuable crop growing

If the payment of the notes had interest, they lost the property. on the land, Horner acknowledged

been demanded before the panic Their steamer paid a $7000.00 note; the claim and paid him seven thouset in, the Homers could have paid a seventythousand dollar farm paid sand dollars for it, although he had

them off without embarrassment, for a $10,000.00 endorsement. The to borrow the money. Before the

and they were sure that had the property was disposed of piece by Indian sold the ground to the merpanic not come, the endorsed notes piece until everything John Horner chant, he reserved a lifetime right would have been paid by their owned, including his home, farm, of occupancy. A few years after

makers. his carriage team, and the watch Horner purchased the property, the

Indian wished to leave, so Horner bought his life right for six hundred dollars. Again in 1850, two

former governors of California sent to Horner an agent with the title of a grant from the Mexican government to these two men, of the whole exmission tract which included his farm. Horner was very

much disturbed, of course, because

VERBA BUENA, he had already purchased tha (SAN ground three different times, so he

FRANCISCO) took these papers to lawyers for

IN their examination. They told him 184647

that the grant was good, so there was no alternative for him but to m&m? leave, rent, or buy the property. So

Horner, along with two other men, bought the claim for fortynine thousand dollars for which they gave joint notes. When the notes

matured neither of the other two men was able to meet his share of hen he disembarked from the good ship theit all.obligation, so Horner paid for

"Brooklyn"in July 1846, since the sleepy lit tie settlement of Yerba Buena did not interest him, Along with the loss of all of his he pushed onward to Mission San Jose. property, came other afflictions.

His only daughter died, and he himself was afflicted with lockjaw

But the panic did come, and with out of his pocket were disposed of and a high fever. His relatives,

it came a phenomenal decrease in to pay the notes. friends, and doctors despaired of

property values. Money was withhis life, and all were surprised when

drawn from circulation, higher rates Difficulties with land titles had he began to improve. His recovery

of interest were enacted on loans, also caused the Homers a lot was slow, and for weeks after he unemployment was universal, and of grief. As an example of this, was out of bed, he had to use a

hunger was widespread. Thousands

of tons of farm produce which the

Horners raised that year were never John M. Horner's advice to young men: Don't

sent to market, for there was no be afraid to work yourself to death. Rust consumes

sale. Good potatoes were ten cents faster than labor wears."

a bushel, but even so, few were sold. There was plenty of money when John Horner first arrived at crutch in order to get around. But

in the hands of some, but it was Mission San Jose he rented from a after months of "mental and physiall being hoarded, and a man with priest a small piece of land, but cal suffering"he gained both his a few hundred dollars in gold coins when he started to work upon it health and his ambition and turned was independent, while the owner he was met by an Indian who (Continued on following page)

MAY 1951 341 JOHN M. HORNER... CALIFORNIA'S "FIRST"FARMER

(Continued from preceding page) County. We claim that onehalf members of the legislature and other

again to the land that had been so the expense of harvesting would be dignitaries, the King, addressing good to him. Other enterprises like saved to the farmer by using the John M. Horner said: "Mr. Horner,

building a bridge over the Alameda harvester; in fact, the entire expense I look upon you as the champion

River and draining a small lake of threshing is saved. Three men temperance advocate of my king-

(the labor on both projects he did and twelve horses have cut, dom; continue to write, it does

almost entirely by himself) graduthreshed, cleaned, and sacked in good, I read and enjoy all you ally helped him to get back on his good workmanlike manner fifteen write."

feet, but because of rust, unsalable (15) acres of grain per day, making What Horner personally concrops, dry weather, and other five acres per man, a fete, we besidered to be one of the greatest causes, his progress was very slow lieve, never performed in America contributions of a long and useful as compared with his former sucbefore. One and threequarters life was a theory of public finance

cesses. acres to the man working with the which he developed and about

Still he remembered his friends most approved machinery is the which he wrote in a book entitled in Utah: highest figure yet reached-—one acre National Finance and Public

The Deseret News of March per man being nearer the general Money. In the book he encouraged

1856 reported: "John M. Horner of average. Farmers, come and see the setting up of a sound financial

San Jose and George Q. Cannon if our claims are well founded. John structure which would eliminate

of San Francisco have conferred M. Horner, William Y, Horner.'such panics as swept him down in

a great favor upon Utah by send- "But next year this effort of the 1854.

ing cuttings of choice varieties of Homers to promote the use of News of the death of John M.

apple, pear, grape, gooseberry, etc., their combined harvesters through Horner came to the Church in the

etc., to Governor Young who will the grain growing areas bore as form of a letter addressed to Presisee that they are carefully treated. bitter fruit as did the pioneer dent Joseph F. Smith in 1907: "My

"Will Brothers Cannon and mechanization of industry in Engdear Sir, in looking over Father's

Horner and others forward cuttings land a half century earlier. One papers the other day I found some

and young trees of choice variety of his Monitors, as he named his very interesting letters which he by every seasonable mode of concombined harvesters, was burned had received from you, your predeveyance?"by some unknown persons whose cessors in office, and other high

Ever a pioneer, however, Horner labor or machines were threatened. officials of your Church, covering

continued to explore new methods For three issues, the Horner ad of- a period of over half a century.

of farming and is given credit by fering five hundred dollars reward Believing from these that you are some as starting the state on its for information leading to the and have been interested in his well-

I take the liberty of informway toward farm mechanization. identity of the incendiary was being,

He built at least three combine printed. Colonel Warren, editor of ing you of his death, which occurred

harvesters for his own and customer the California Farmer, gave the on the 14th of May, current year, at work in Santa Clara, Alameda, subject a scorching editorial aimed the age of 85 years and 1 1 months.

Contra Costa, and San Joaquin against those who would halt the Sincerely yours, signed A. Horner."

counties after 1859. His harvester march of progress in California."But a few years prior to his death,

is reported to be the first to employ In 1879, at the age of fiftyeight, John Horner was prevailed upon to the horses behind to push instead John Horner along with his brother, write for The Improvement Era of in front to pull the machine. William, sold all his holdings in three series of articles which were

California after obtaining a conpublished under the titles of "Ad- "\\7riting in the Oakland Tribune tract with Claus Sprekles to cultiventures of a Pioneer, embracing

September 3, 1950, F. Howe vate sugar cane in Hawaii on shares. the struggles of a long and busy

Higgins, an "authority on early They chartered a schooner, took life,""Looking Back,"and "Voydays"observes: "The pages of the aboard their families, household age of the Ship Brooklyn."These

California Farmer were dramatized effects, horses, and equipment, and were published in 1 904, 1 905, and twice by Horner and his harvesters said goodbye to the country that 1906. Much of the information for

in 1868 and 1869. 'Notice. There had been so good and yet so unthis article has been adapted from

will be a public exhibition of the friendly to them. In the islands, these masterpieces written by the

traveling harvester Monitor Number the Homers within a few years hand of a man then in his eightyTwo upon the farm of Richard gained large holdings in land and fourth year.

Threlmall in Livermore Valley, other property. They brought An editorial note published with

Murray township, Alameda Counmuch new ground under cultivation, the first article in the May 1904 ty, on Thursday, August 28, 1868 increased remarkably the yield of issue of the Era stated: "Though

commencing at 1 o'clock p.m. On sugar cane to the acre, and again he has never visited Utah he deThursday, the third of September, gained "reasonable"wealth. lights in reading the conference procommencing at the same hour, His influence for good in the ceedings of the Church and keeps

Monitor Number One or Three will islands is demonstrated by the fact closely in touch with the Latterbe exhibited to the public upon the that he was elected a noble for a day Saints, who, as he remarks in farm of William Y. Horner through sixyear term to the legislature. On his letter of transmission, 'are strivthe Mission San Jose, Alameda the occasion of a feast given for (Continued on page 344)

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "50,000 MILESNO WEAR!"- PROVED HERE

After a punishing 50,000mile road test, with proper crankcase drains and regular care, engines lubricated with new Conoco

Super Motor Oil showed no wear of any consequence... in fact, an average of less

than one onethousandth inch on cylinders and crankshafts. Factory finishing marks

were still visible on piston rings!

AND gasoline mileage for the last 5,000 miles actually was for 99.77% as as good

*50,000 "YOUR MILES NEW WEAR'NO first the—5,000! test This that proved new

is the best OIL ever the privilege we have had Super, Conoco with OiLPLATiNGPcan in ofusing our garage,"says George M. longer, car last your James, make better, perform

Manager, Metro Motors, Ford Distributors, use less gasoline and oil.

Murray, Utah. "We use Conoco Super Motor

Oil in all our demonstrators and recommend it highly to new car buyers."

"I'VE USED MANY DIFFERENT BRANDS of oil, but was never satisfied until I heard the story of '50,000 Miles—No Wear'and

changed to new Conoco Super."writes Ben

F. Taylor, Traveling Salesman, Fort Worth,

Texas. "Now I get greater savings in oil conI9SI

sumption and more miles to the gallon."CONTINENTAL

OIL COMPANY MAY 1951 343 JOHN M. HORNER... CALIFORNIA'S "FIRST"FARMER

{Continued from page 342) tive destinations, gratefully and that had placed me in the enviable ing for the physical and spiritual prayerfully thanking the Lord and position I then enjoyed."

wellbeing of man and who are his bighearted servant, Elder John About the second he wrote:

endeavoring to make the waste M. Horner, for the beneficent en- "President Brigham Young wrote

places blossom, to set examples in dowment. me advising me to be cautious, as

tolerance, and to train the physical, "In my lectures before the Saints, reverses frequently visited people mental, moral, and spiritual natures on the subject of my having cirdoing large"businesses, and sugof men in a way worthy of imitation cumscribed the earth, without purse gested that I send up $30,000.00 to

and that will surely eventually dior scrip, 18521857, it always gives the trustee in trust as a precautionrect the attention of the world to me very great pleasure to refer to ary measure that would serve a "the glory of Zion.'this grand offering made in the good purpose as a future help if

A letter of introduction written interest of the forty elders, over misfortune should overtake* me.

by A. Milton Musser, former mishalf a century ago."The above may not be the exact

sionary to Hindoostan, was also As he looked back on his experilanguage of the President, but it printed preceding the first article. ences John Horner wrote that he is the meaning as I understood it.

Addressed to the editors of The never mourned over the loss of his From ignorance, procrastination, or

Improvement Erait read: property in California, but he did misfortune coming so quickly, or

"In reference to the munificent regret two things: (1) that he did something else, the wise counsel was

gift made by Elder John M. Horner not pay a full tithing on all of the not acted upon. My misfortune

to the forty stranded missionaries money he made, and (2) that he came suddenly and as unexpected at San Francisco, in the winter of failed on one occasion to take the as thunder from a clear sky."

1852-3, when en route to the fields advice of the President of the Throughout his articles, he wrote assigned them, I will give you some Church. In commenting on the first many words of wisdom, all of which

details which may be of interest he wrote: "I have sorrowed and reare applicable to our lives today

to your numerous readers. gretted repeatedly that I did not do just as much as they were nearly

"At a special general conference my duty with it (the money) more fifty years ago when they were of the Church, convened in this completely while I had it, but I must written, or nearly a hundred years city, August 1852, there were over attribute it to ignorance or proago about which they were written.

one hundred elders called on miscrastination, not selfishness. I can His advice concerning debt was:

sions to the United States, Canada, account for the delinguency only as "Get out of debt while times are

Europe, the Orient, etc. All were above. At that time I was too good and keep out. I fear some of

counseled to travel without purse humble, too happy, and too thankour brethren will be as slow in actor scrip. Out of the total number, ful to my Heavenly Father to have ing upon this wise counsel as I was

forty were deputed to go to China, refused in my dealings to have paid in obeying the counsel given to me.

Siam, Hindoostan, Australia, the my debt to him. I fully realize it Those who neglect this counsel will

Hawaiian Islands, and South was my obedience to the counsel of lay themselves liable to suffer some

America. On reaching San Franhis servant in sending me to Caliof the pangs of hard times as I

cisco, via San Pedro, the elders fornia and his continual blessings did, probably losing homes and were practically stranded. The property."oceans lay between us and our To show the importance of husdestinations. Transportation was HOME ON LEAVE banding small things, he wrote:

the great desideratum. We vainly "With them (the yoke of oxen

tried to raise the necessary funds By Ruth Bassett which he obtained from a Spaniard in the chief city of the Golden I for the first Colt) for plowed my sat there, together "\17e within the church, State. this time, At Elder'John of crop in vegetables California.

in blue, stripes with navy You of Horner,M. who of was one the this small From beginning the grew gold.ship Brooklyn emigrants from Naularge to. business referred Five in blue! You heart navy cold turned Myvoo, living at San Jose, came dollars of in worth potatoes New

I apprehension, to turned search and to relief.promptly our sent us With He a small Jersey for was capital startword to ascertain what the cost of Your bronzed, uplifted face, afraid to find ing a large farming business in

transportation would be to our sev- A grim resentment that would silence California, but it had its effect. It

eral fields of labor, and that he would prayer: helped me to a yoke of oxen. If I

soon meet with us. We learned that But only trust and reverence were there, had idled away my mornings and

the elders destined for China needed And trust that he to whom you prayed is evenings I would have had no pokind.$1,000.00; for Siam, $1,200.00; for potatoes, five no doltatoes—noHindoostan, in I thought, death's for $1,800.00; stark nearness he has Ausdollars, no lars—no pistol—notralia, come $1,250.00; for and Hawaii, pistol, no oxen, no plowfiveoxen—no

total$.1,000.00; to than $6,250.00. feel secure. God I, who Of Nearer ing in experimenting and 1847 and

this sum, the elders had colWhatever he is called on to endure, '48, and perhaps the foundation lected $750.00. The balance, viz., The vanguard of that faith will bring him would never have been laid for the

$5,500.00, Brother Horner volunhome. large business I afterwards built

tarily furnished us, and we all So comfort came, as we were sitting there, up.

were soon sailing for our respeo As if in answer to a sailor's prayer. "A young man starting out to

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hew for himself a character and his way in the world without assistance from friends or ready money must not despise the day of small things.

Small remuneration he must be willing to accept or even no remuneration at all until better opportunities present themselves. He should

be humble enough to pick up, earn, and save the pennies. These are

his school days. The doing things

in a small way may be a means of qualifying himself for handling a large business if it presents itself.

"Young man, husband your present wealth of physical, mental, and moral strength; don't destroy

or waste it by smoking, chewing, drinking, gambling, idleness, or other dissipations. To gratify these

evil habits will consume your time, health, strength of body and of mind, and your acquired wealth.

When you gratify them long in truth will then beenough you a Prepare Now for a to of valueselfmade pauper no yourself or to the world. "The valuable superintendent NONSTOP Harvest

is the one who understands and works up the details of the business, for if the details are neglected, Start and Finish on Time success is uncertain. Had I not

saved my small earnings and enWith Your Own deavored to save more, it is doubtALL- CROP Harvester ful that I ever would have been able to prospect in the west or to This year a nonstop harvest is pay my way to California. doubly important. Every bushel of

grain and seed is needed to bolster "It must be remembered that the our national strength.

all to referredwealth above was Fortunate is the has farmer who the elements from produced by homeowned Har- a ALLCROP subduing the earth and making it vester. Never again will he need to

yield up its treasures to us. This cut too green, or wait his turn with

may encourage some young men crops exposed to the weather. He

who are compelled to work their can harvest at exactly the right own way in the world not to wilt time—when kernels are heaviest.

down and think themselves paupers. Wise is that same ALLCROP

If you have health, strength, youth, owner who recognizes the value of and intellect at command, you are his investment, inspects his ALLin possession of the most valuable CROP carefully now, and makes sure every part is at peak operating earthly blessings possessed by man. efficiency. Fullwidth rubberfaced

They are blessings that scores of cylinder bars and concaves, rubberpeople would be willing to pay you ized drapers, V-Belt drives, close- a million dollars for if you could cutting sickle—all are key points

deliver the goods. Fortunately this in the ability of the ALLCROP to

kind of wealth cannot be delivered harvest over 100 grains, beans, and

t if sold, and if you use it properly, New auxiliary motor is interchangesoil-building seed crops, every earthly comfort is within your able with four A-C machines: ALLThink ahead to harvest time. Are

Harvester, ROTOBALER, CROP AllisChalmers ready? Your you of reach. Don't be afraid working Forage Harvester, easy and Blower.An will gladly dealer help you plan a changeover to death. yourself 'Rust with chain consumes man, for one

faster than labor wears.'If hard operatehoist. Enablesfullsize smallerharvesters.tractors to himnonstopnow. harvest... if you consult

work of head and hands were killing, I should have been dead twenty-five or thirty years ago instead ROTOBALERALL-CROP andare of now being quite a man in my AllisChalmersTrade-marks. ( ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1. U.S.A. )M eightyfourth year."

MAY 1951 345

General Authorities KING SOLOMON'S DESERT

Concluded page from 335 all the to they Church, produced OF THE CHURCH stonehard( desert land. Yet, paralaid while taxes heavy Solomon on in doxically enough, water once covhis for the revenue. people necessary

this vast area, for the Great 16 mm SOUND ered Toward the end of Solomon's is the Salt Lake remains of prereign, his people against turned him historic Bonneville, Lake three hunMOTION PICTURES against he because had turned God.

fifty miles long, dred and a hundred for his a queen He had chosen The Spirit of the Adversary and fortyfive miles wide, and over daughter of king of Pharaoh,

President George Albert Smith a thousand feet deep. Terraces

Observe the Sabbath Day made by the lake at different levels otherEgypt, daughtersand he hadof kings.married Thesemany

President J. Reuben Clark may be seen on the surrounding women worshiped idols. To please mountains. System Great Missionary built The of temple them a Solomon

desert land It was when the President David O McKay idols in Olives full view on Mount Saints settled there. a Sagebrush,

built to Constitution of the United the temple he had God. miserable trees, States few cottonwood and of Fielding Smith Elder Joseph died B. leaving 937, Solomon C. stunted willows found; were all they

Central the Christ Jesus to revolution; for country the that Figure nothing build would homes. So his of the Gospel his growing shame itself. the Saints discontent—the the desert used Elder A. Widtsoe John felt at people seeing their great sundried bricks They of the made

for Gifts Those Gospel ruler Who idolpriests surrounded by earth built a and huge stockade and Live For Them to while obeisance images adobes. Less than a many decade Elder Richards Stephen L of in the division later they stone—culminatedpaying the began great of work

Chastity of the kingdom into Israel and the temple. But unlike President J. Reuben Clark building Judah. King Solomon, they did tear not

March Toward Perfection down to build up this great edifice Today Salt Lake City and its

Begins Now environs are as closely knit as to God. rose white temple As the Elder Petersen Mark E. ever industrious. and as all in The its majestic "New grandeur, it looked

Authors of our Own Salvation down on a land of homes and Jerusalem"in the Great American Elder Henry D. Moyle planted fields, of young fruit orDesert is a place of peace and

Unity Necessary Within the Church chards and shade trees. plenty.

Elder Harold B. Lee The Latterday Saints gave And as if nature truly meant

willingly of their time and labor making this desert to "blossom as others, available These and many withduring the many years their temple the rose"to compensate for the charge. film out for Write rental catalog

including approved full length features, was in the process of construction. desert made by King Solomon's

films. welfare church Square,""Temple But Solomon's people were comindiscriminate cutting of the cedars "Tribute Past "L.D.S. Leaders To Faith,"

and Present."Boy Scout Training Films, pelled to work on his temple and of Lebanon, in all that sagecovered

"The Pilgrimage Play."Stories from the other buildings and to work in his Salt Lake Desert, a lone cedar tree

Bible, Films, Family Films of the Nations, fields and in his household. The greeted the Saints in Salt Lake Films, Literature March of Time American

Films, Educational Films, Sports, Comedies, Saints gave willingly ten percent of Valley.

Cartoons, Musicals. Available to make your

Bell and Howell Filmosound of maximum usefulness to you.

Catalog sent free of charge on request. MONEY TO SPEND

Write: {Continued from page 333) faded yellow. Grandma had dyed

The hood had a little ruffle around it red, but the dye had not turned it, and both hood and jacket were out well, and so one side was darkerDESERET BOOK COMPANY

FILM RENTAL LIBRARY edged with a silk crocheted thread. than the other, and the hood had

1400 Indiana Avenue We both looked at it in wonder shrunk in dyeing and was now too

Salt Lake City 10, Utah and admiration, and both at once small.

thought 0'f- the baby at home. Mr. Wolfe was selling shoes to

Bell and Howell "How". much is it?"whispered an old woman, but when he was

Special Representative and Bessie!-.,,, through, he came to the counter.

L.D.S. Religious Dealer I looked and looked and at last "Do you want something?"he

saw the price. One dollar and asked.

fifty cents. And together we had We pointed to the jacket and

Deseret Book Company Film Rental Library one dollar and fifty cents. hood.

1400 Indiana Avenue Salt City Lake 10, Utah We were so excited and eager "Those are too small for either

Please send me information regarding Church for Mr. Wolfe to come and ask us of you,"he said.

free films. what we wanted, as though our "For the baby,"we answered.

Name choice might suddenly be spirited "Do you have enough money?"

Address away or someone else rush in and We held up our money, and he

City State get it. took out the warm and beautiful

The baby's old hood had been a {Continued on page 348) 346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA projection...

Bell Howell Since the very beginning, Bell &

Howell has led the industry in equipment for making and showing 16mm sound films. Let their experience guide you in selecting the

best projector for your special needs.

You'll find the information and guidance offered below invaluable in mapping out a film program for business or organization.

FILMOSOUND

16mm SingleCase Filmosound for either sound or silent film. Weighs

only 35 x/2 pounds. Full, natural

sound at all volume levels. Precision-built to give most hours of promovies jection time. With 6-inch builtin

speaker, now only $449.95. (Larger,

Eyes and ears simultaneously grasp the the extra advantage of audiovisual presseparate speakers available.)

message far more quickly, more thorentation.

oughly, more completely, than by any Churches and religious organizations are other teaching method. finding sightand-sound movies a potent TEAR OFF AND MAIL TODAY

Salesmen come alive when instructed via ally in unfolding eternal truths—in action. Bell & Howell

this living sales manual. A whole new world of entertainment enters 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago 45, III.

Up go school grades when students have your home with Bell & Howell Filmosound. Please send complete information on the

subjects checked: (x)

Movies in Business and Industry

Movies in Education

I | Movies in Religion Movies in the Home Special Movie Information for Students

Name

Address

City Zone State Hope, General Department, Thomas W. Film into SundayMovies are bringing and new If write will us specifically regardyou for projectors says: of insurge have movie a used lifecausing are "WeSchool colornew programs and will additional include problems Mills,many Note:ing your we

faiths. use as Filmosound Adultsterest a years... of all of our salesmen people in religion number with its solution. to pertinent material

sales meetings."fast films for Filmosound. atwell as showing projectors learn with children

to without subject notice Prices change

defects products, any in workmanship life Chicago forYou buy *Guaranteed for life. During life of the will free (exmaterials be remedied or 45 transportation). cept buy you when Bell Howell

MAY 1951 347 a

MONEY TO SPEND

{Continued from page 346) a small sack of sugar, one of rice, imagine...

jacket and hood. Just then Papa and some prunes. Not too many,

came up, and we showed him our so he must have received a little purchase. cash, too. I saw'the tip of a sack

thing for yourselves?"he asked. have a sack of candy for a surprise hot wa "Don't you want to buy somein his pocket and knew he must But we said, "No, we want this treat when we got home.

for the baby.''We climbed in for the long ride

as pure a< Bessie carried the gift in its nice home and sat side by side.

box to the spring wagon. I helped "This hood and jacket will be

from a baby's bottle hadPapatakencarryin outtradetheforgroceriesthe cheese;he niceBessie.and warm for the baby,"said

(<NiSW2>i>i>iKiSiS2x3s

Jke (obiedtlon of jromlvenedd

L. EVANS... KEEPS WATER RICHARD

RUSTFREE, CLEAN IF WE make a mistake, upon sincere repentance we may reasonably expect forgiveness. But there may be some

who seem to expect to be forgiven an unlimited number of

IT'S A FACT!... Hot water times simply by saying they are sorry. There may be

from a glasslined Fowler is some who seem to expect to have all manner of errors coralways sparkling clean. rected and canceled merely by a statement of regret. There

may be some who repent while the fear of consequences is

GLASSLINING DOES IT upon them, who promptly repeat their errors. But repentWater never touches metal in a Fowler. ance is more than saying, "I'm sorry"; it is more than fear

Smooth, durable porcelain enamel bondedto-steel inside pre-j j of consequences; it is more than the embarrassment of the tank

vents rust and corrosion, regardless being caught; it is more than being circumspect under

of water conditions. This glasslike surveillance. Repentance involves a change within—

coating keeps water change which actually abandons old errors. And only

nature rust- -pure, free; under such circumstances may we reasonably expect thesafeguards family health.

law of forgiveness to function for us. The farmer who

Money Saving expects the earth and the climate to forgive him and yield

The problem of freabundantly when he plants carelessly and cultivates poorly quent tank replacement ceases to exist when is due for disappointment. Nature does not forgive except

you switch to Fowler. on demonstration of repentance. The businessman who

Glass - lining puts an persists in his errors cannot count on repeated forgiveness.

end to costly tank reHis creditors soon weary of forgiveness, and a persistently pairs due to rust; adds

years to tank life..developed unrepentant businessman may expect to become bankrupt.

by FOWLER He who desires forgiveness from friends, before the law,

Finest Water in business, or in dealing with nature, or in standing before

Heating Service Savior as the offer a genuine God, must repentance—such

1There's * * * no he automatic suggested and sin no more."said: "Go, when

likewater heater a "Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shallFowler. conFor most

venient, dependable, my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till seven

lowcost water heating times? Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until

service for every houseseven times: but, Until seventy times seven."5 Seemingly

hold need, buy Fowler. **, then, there is virtually no limit to the number of times we *0.

at your dealer's FowlerSee this fact others. to forgive expected But are does not

full writeor for information. / UJf>r0) *A justify of repetition persistent offender. the frequent The

Also of manufacturer *,">l>iss Qfl error seems to suggest that repentance is not genuine.

HEATERS WATERFOWLER GAS And while we may be expected to forgive others seventy times seven, it is a wise man who doesn't count on being forgiven seventy times seven.

ohn 8:11.

Matthew 18:2122.

ELECTRIC WATER HEATER Uhe Spohen Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

FOWLER MANUFACTURING COMPANY PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD-. Gladstone Portland 2, Oregon CASTING SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 25, 1951

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "And it will be pretty to wear to

Church,"I said. Real Reasons

rest of silent the were We the for Saving at

I just overway. how was thinking

the baby would look in her new Deseret Federal things, and how pleased Grandmother would be when we took the Deseret Federal offers maxbaby to church. Bessie was probably imum advantages for savers... a generous currentthinking about the same things. We

were not always of one accord, but rate of 2!/2% per annum

... to insurance $10,000now, sideby-side, we felt a close-

. account.. and each onness of family and a deep joy and an outstanding record of

satisfaction. security and service exHow wonderful it was to have tending over the past 45

money to spend! years.

We invite growing savings accounts or larger, lump sum investments.

Connecticut's Early Make sure you earn more by saving here.

Records Microfilmed

(Continued from page 334) duced myself. She told me she 2 modern officeswould be at the office in a few min- ( / Deseret

utes. I drove back and waited.

When she arrived, she opened the 44 South Maindoor and led me into an office that Salt Lake City Federal was about eight by twenty feet. 43 N. University

After opening the safe, she pointed Provo of the a matches on topout box of. SAVINGS

the JOS. E. KJAR, PresidenJ are said,safe "There and AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

matches, here is the stove, and you C. H. TINGEY, Secretary

will find paper, kindling, and wood out in the shed."She left right

away, leaving me to myself. I lifted the lid on the stove and found

it so full of ashes that I could not build a fire until I had carried out Mfi!the ashes. In a short time the room j\jum vnlmJ&

became warm enough for me to complete my work there. In contrast to this, many of the towns

have modern and beautiful town halls.

As a whole, the records copied an excellent to be in foundwere ONLY IN THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE DO YOU GET preservation.state of The number DAILYCHICAGONEWS

of volumes copied in each town THE COMBINED FACILITIES OF ALL EIGHT OF THE varied from one to 194. On two WORLD'S GREAT/ NEWS GATHERING AGENCIES!occasions I have moved the portable INTERNATIONAL \microfilm camera to three different NEWS In Los Angeles, you would have to buy NOT |ust ONE but THREE

towns in one day, whereas in a few

REUTERS NEWS newspapers to get such comprehensive wire coverage. In San Franof the towns it took several days

(British) AGENCY to complete the assignment. It is cisco you would have to buy TWO newspapers. In Seattle, TWO.

estimated that about thirtyfive miles of film were used in photoNEW YORK In Portland, TWO. And you still wouldn't get ALL the NEWS servgraphing 2,250,000 pages of recDAILY NEWS ices offered by The Salt Lake Tribune...

ords.

filming Before completed I had UNITED PRESS /.ANOTHER REASON WHY IT'Sthe in the various records towns,

permission was granted the society "ONE OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS to microfilm the very valuable card CHICAGO TRIBUNE C of vitalindex records known throughout as the this country Baralt fate (Continued on following page) /

MAY 1951 349 FOR perfect CONNECTICUT'S EARLY RECORDS MICROFILMED

PUBLIC SEATING bour{ContinuedCollection.fromInprecedingorder topage)photobirther birth,cardmarriage,bears theor namedeath. ofEachthe

Samson graphcamera thiswasindex,ordered,a differentand aftertypeit parents,the namedateof theof birth,town, sexand ofthechild,volarrived, my wife, Johnnie Hughes, ume and page of the original record

Folding Chairs was employed as operator. This where the entry is found, if conWITH SPRING CUSHION project was started April 18, 1949. tained in the original record. Each

METAL OR WOOD SEAT lectionsSince thathavetimebeenthiscopiedand byotherher.colmarriagethe contractingcard bearsparties,the thenameresiof

After I had finished the records dence of each, the date of marriage, in the 146 towns, I set the camera the name of the town, and the volup in the state library to copy a ume and page of the official records few of the old books of genealogical where the entry appears. Frevalue placed there for safekeeping. quently also the parents of the

We had located about three hunbride and groom are given, and the dred manuscripts of which we did name of the minister or other official not have copies at Salt Lake City. who performed the ceremony. Each

The authors of these manuscripts death card gives all the data found were approached for permission to in the original record, and volume microfilm this material. These have and page. These are filed alphabeen copied and are now in the files betically in a general file. There

of the Genalogical Society. are approximately 960,000 cards in

this file.

Barbour Collection Nearly one hundred churches in

Connecticut have permanently deThe former state examiner of posited their records in the state public records, General Lucius B. library, and others have lent their

Barbour and his father, General records for the purpose of indexing.

Spring Cushion Lucius A. Barbour, were interested A card index has been made of

Model Shown in tracing their genealogy. In going these records, by towns, and by the

Above to various towns in the state, they name of the church. There are apsaw how badly worn many of the proximately 312,000 cards in this

Ideal for town early vital records—births, file.

# Schools # Churches marriages and deaths—-were beOver five hundred Bible and priMeeting Halls # Lodges coming from constant use and the vate records have been collected

or any hall where public seatravages of time. Finding that their and copied, and an index made of

ing comfort is essential. ancestors had lived in most of the all the names and places mentioned

K Seats and back rests removable for towns of the state, they decided that therein. There are approximately

EASY RECOVERING it would be desirable to copy the 99,000 cards in this file.

* MIRACLE SAMSONTEX VINYL UPrecords in all of the towns in order seat on HOLSTERY and back k Safety seat hinge can't cut fingers rest that their contents might be made Charles R. Hale Collection of

* Noiseless folding action compact, more quickly and easily accessible. Newspaper Notices and

James N. Arnold stored easily was hired by the Headstone Inscriptions

"Ar Six smart decorator colors Barbours to go into the various

Will tip not * towns the and copy vital records in 1916, Back R. Charles when Electrically legs * welded steel tube prior to in 1850, longhand, by Hale the task began of locating and proof, Chip finnon-chalking enamel * towns.

ish on all metal parts permanently marking the graves of k Specially arched tubular steel cross This material has been compiled fortynine Civil War veterans in braces for extra rigidity by towns into bound volumes and Rock Hill, Connecticut, little could

Electrically steel tube welded seat K presented to state the Connecticut realized that he have this comparaframe library. general index of A surtively task easy of labor and love Steel furniture glides replacewith X

able rubber feet names recorded in these volumes would attract attention beyond the * Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat has since been made by the state confines of the town of Rocky Hill.

library. r Concave, form - fitting upholstered did not dream that He day some

rest back the Since of method indexing he supervise would a large group k All metal parts rustproofed is by "bonthese records of unique somewhat in and men the engaged women derizing process"as are also the indexes to the Conenormous task of copying and necticut archives, the Charles R. permanently recording the names of

Hale collection, and the Connecticut 886,043 persons buried in 2269 census records—it should be decemeteries throughout the state of ZCMIOFFICE OUTFITTERS

57 SO. STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY scribed. Connecticut.

Phone 3-1575 - Ext. 442 Briefly, a card is typed for each In 1919 the legislature of Conentry found in the records—wheth- {Continued on page 352)

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fun for the whole family... and right in your

own livina room

Television is bringing the American family closer together. And shows that appeal to Mom and Dad as well

as every other member of the family are all part of the first rate program fare offered on KSLTV.

You'll all laugh at the antics of such top drawer comics as Burns and Allen, Jack Benny, Arthur Godfrey,

Beulah and a host of others. You'll thrill to the powerful

and moving drama of the Ford Theater and Studio One.

And you'll learn too, with such educational programs as

U and Culture and The World U Live In.

For the top television programs, keep dialed to

KSLTV, Channel 5. You'll find fun for the whole family

right in your own living room.

shovys thelop are on KSLTV channel-5

MAY 1951 351

Connecticut's Early

Records Microfilmed

(Continued from page 350) **4a, L SIDON, LEBANON necticut appropriated ten thousand dollars for the furtherance of this selected Hale was Mr. and % work, S. librarian, state George by the

* Godard, to carry on this work and was given the title of State Necrol-

P%,M*, ogist, believed to be the first person title. a receive such I to SAUDI ARABIA A... \ of were sent out men number A

X- into the field to search out all the graves in the state and to make a record of all the headstone inscriptions. This was assembled into numbered volumes. Later a card was

made for each surname, and these cards now make up a general index known as the Charles R. Hale ColInscriptions....1000 MILES LONG lection of Headstone

At the same time, an office force was busy searching out the early

The 1000mile long "Tapline"Steel subsidiary, Consolidated newspaper notices of marriages and which brings petroleum from the Western Steel Corporation—deaths and recording them in a simifabulously-rich oil fields of Saudi from plates made by the Geneva lar manner. Some of these newsArabia directly to Sidon, Lebanon, Steel Company, another member paper notices date back to 1755.

on the Mediterranean Sea, might of the U. S. Steel family. United This collection is known as the

very well be referred to as a mileStates Steel is proud to have taken Charles R. Hale Collection of

saving carpet."its "magic This gipart, through two great Western Newspaper Notices and has a total pipeline gantic delivers in than subsidiaries, more this tremendously

300,000 barrels of Arabian oil a important project. This seems to of 970,003 cards.

day at its Mediterranean termibe a very practical expression—on These two collections are very

nal. Thus, 75 big oil tanker ships a very large scale—of the faith in important to us in our genealogical

of the T-2 type no longer have to the future of our country, which research, because in most instances make the 7000mile round trip is the governing principle of the the records will show the parents that formerly was necessary. industrial family that has served of the bride, place of marriage, even

All the pipe in "Tapline"for nation was the state, it of the be out fifty years... though may manufactured United States by Steel. States United the place groom the where and often

resided. It also shows the place of

burial, if out of the state.

UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION Dr. George S. Godard was appointed state librarian in 1900 and

SUBSIDIARIES served until 1936. He was a man

UNITED STATES STEEL noteddexing forandhispreservinglove of detailstate records.for inHis love and skill for his work has

been imbedded firmly into the hearts of those employees remaining to ashis great work. Our carry on Quick, Easy Way to sociation Brewster and with James

Harold S. Burt and their coworkers Egpac STOP SMOKING

fact. "IT us of this convinced The has DOESN'T PAYS"COSTIT PIKES PEAR

with can stop smoking no you Now ten thouover library now contains first easily, the very comfortably, day—oreffort,

refunded. The your money FLOUR discovery about you have read recent—medicalNICOsand volumes of genealogical manon- harmless, absolutely guaranteed several terial hundred manuand

toxic, forming. nonhabit Endorsed by

in records family scripts of private leaders. sucWith FOUR STOP,physicians Used and church

your At by thousands. Extra Baking cessfully druggist's addition to the aforementioned colfree information or mail coupon today for

Advantages about available sizes and moneyback lections. It is considered one of the guarantee.

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS NICOSTOP,Please sendDept.free A,informationSaint Helena,and Calif.prices. finestThroughstate librariesthe foresightin the ofcountry.these

5th South 425 West Name gifted men, we have been able to

Salt City, Lake Utah Address City State add this valuable material to our own Genealogical Library.

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The Lord moves in mysterious to perform."wondersways his

State Connecticut Library Window Screens

Hartford, Connecticut Zone 1 January 12, 1950 ArchibaldMr. F. Bennett Are a HmsameGenealogical Society

80 North Main Street Salt Lake Mr. Bennett:Dear City 1, Utah but you will still need them!

We have just received from your Mr.

Black the last shipment of the films taken Federal regulatory bodies have recognized that by Mr. Hughes in the Connecticut offices

of the Town Clerks and Judges of Proinsect wire screening is a civilian health necessity bate. quite certain not of the total I am during mobilization and, therefore, as much as

wellit pretty but thenumber approaches 2,000 mark. possible will be made available for public use.

This, therefore, seems an appropriate time to express our thanks to you for presenting this positive set of films to the Connecticut State Library. As you can understand, when the project was first talked

about, there was a slight doubt in our minds as to just how it would work out.

As it turned out, our fears were groundless due almost one hundred percent to Mr.

Hughes. As yoh of course know, not a single Town Clerk or Judge of Probate refused to let him microfilm their records, and

before he finished the work in any office, the officials were most friendly to him....the finest frameless

Also, we have greatly enjoyed having him and Mrs. Hughes work in the library,

and they have been most cooperative in allhis work. We shall be sorry when the Contension window screen

necticut project is finished and he has to leave.

We have just received for the library the latest model Kodagraph (which is the same as the Recordak), and your films are now in use, so you see we are benefiting already. This is just to let you know that it has STILL AVAILABLE

been a great pleasure to work with such cooperative people.

Yours very truly James Brewster State Librarian Ti/tUe fa "pice noctictne

] RYLOCK COMPANY 2485 WASHINGTON AVENUE SLEEPING CHILD SAN LEANDRO, CALIFORNIA

By Gertrude L. Belser

"Oest, little one, upon your gentle pillow.

*** The dream that keeps you smiling in MOST DEALERS STOCK RYLOCK WINDOW SCREENS sleep, your isWhat it? Floating ducks below the... but if your dealer does not happen to have them,

willow? refer him to the nearest distributor.

Soft, nibbling bunnies? Woolly lambs that

leap PACIFIC NORTHWESTAves Millwork Co., Yakima; NorthRobbing

In awkward frolic by their grazing mothers Plywood, Inc., Seattle and Spokane; Technical Products Company,

green? butterfly on the yellowDown The

kissed That hand, your then with Portland and Seattle; M. Trumbo Co. Inc., Portland MOUNTAIN. hovered

the others STATIS—J. G. Doerr, Boise, Twin Falls; Lumber Dealers, Inc., DenAbove the flaming garden bed nearby?

The playful kittenball that brings you ver and Billings; MorrisonMerrill & Co., Salt Lake City, Pocatello,

laughter? Boise, Twin Falls, Reno * SOUTHWESTCluer Distributors, Inc.,

The longeared puppy with his clumsy feet Phoenix; The New Mexico Company, Albuquerque.

And bark of joy to find you toddling after? IN CALIFORNIAContact the Factory.

The chuckling scuffle when you two babes meet?

Sleep, dearest one. Be happy all the while;

And heaven bless the dream that makes you smile!

MAY 1951 353

WELCOME HOME

[Concluded from page 330) even stretches forth its friendly after their own day's work, pick hand far over the ocean from contiup a shovel, and start building. nent to continent.

What a sense of joy they will have Your Church is a church in after it has finally been completed, which people care if you are ill, si**?

when they will be able to say to where they pray if you are sick, themselves, "I had a part in helpwhere they notice your absence ing erect this building for God!"from meetings and inquire about

To my surprise I found that the you. Rich and poor alike, each is

very fine and noted doctor who had the other's brother. If all churches

restored my health was a Lattercarried out your plan of brotherly if you're underday Saint. What a strange and love, of unity of purpose, there

devious path I had traversed from would be no struggling politicians insured a moment in Arizona to the final attempting to enact legislation to

Et's bad enough to have a home culmination of health and the findend strife, there would be peace, burn down... it's doubly unforing of my Church home! because peace is founded on coopinsurance to tunate your know is I want my five children brought eration with one's neighbor.

to rebuild or repair. too little Make

sure you increase your protection up in your Church. I hope my boy I belonged to another denominato meet today's increased building Richard in Germany with his wife tion for many years and found only

costs. See your KOLOB AGENT toand baby will also want your coldness. I visited many other day. He's than 300 one of more

trained insurance representatives Church to be his when he returns. churches and was never spoken to.

in Utah, Idaho, Montana and NeAlthough the bishop does not know I came into your midst a stranger vada who serve this longestab- my son, he sent him a fruit cake and you made me welcome and took lished company.

at Christmas. Richard's appreciame in.

tion was boundless. Your Church Such is the spirit of Jesusl

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr.

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City

HIGHLIGHTS ABOUT THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

( Continued from page 33 1 Following is the testimony that his lifework and my glory—to bring to Joseph Smith sealed with

pass the immortality and eternal blood.

It's Free! life of man."(Moses, 1:39.) In addition, there is material on the or-... I have actually seen a vision; and

that or withstand I can God, am I ganization of the stellar universe who the think world deny to make me why does and on the gradation of intelliwhat I have actually seen? For I had

gences. Here also is found the seen a vision; I knew it, and I knew that

scriptural basis for the Church beGod knew it, and I could not deny it;

I at least that neither dared do it; I knew lief that the Negroes are deso I offend doing God, would and come by

scendants of Cain. under condemnation. (Writings of Joseph

Besides these doctrines from the Smith, 2:25.)

books of Moses and Abraham, there are special contributions made by This great truth is the foundation is the other parts of the volume. The of the restored Church. God

revision of the twentyfourth chaphead of this Church and sustains it through revelation to his servGREYHOUND'S ter of the gospel according to

Matthew, if accepted, would clarify ants. Without it, the Church this often discussed bit of scripcrumbles—it becomes a Church of Vacation ture. Its value as a signpost of the man and not of God.

Planning when"times theof theLatterdayseasons"Saintsis increasedundertheLaterancientin theNephitenarrative,prophet,Moroni,apservice ofstandthe thesecondrevisedcomingtext. of Thethe Messigns pearedto him tothatJosephthe secondand pointedcoming outof

"* You have all the fun... siah are here given with exceptional Christ was near; that this was to

Greyhound does the work! clarity. be the Dispensation of the Fulness

Travel experts just the vaplan for The story of Joseph Smith's early of Times, when all things of God cation arranging you want, hotels, transportation, special life and his visions is one of the should be restored including the sightseeing—AT NO EXTRA truly great and simple stories of Nephite scriptures; and that Joseph

, Smith was to hold the "keys"of COST! Ask for FREE folder. all sacred history. We Latterday

Saints have here a gem that we this great Latterday work. In these

See your Greyhound Agent NOW! have not yet begun to appreciate. [Concluded on page 356)

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *'*tt*tww

an Adventure every Sunday!

There's great reading in every fascinating issue of the

Deseret News Sunday Colorgravure Magazine

OUR Deseret News Sunday Magazine abounds in fascinating stories about colorful people, places, and events in our own colorful Mountain West. Y See unusual pictures of breathtaking beauty, filmed in our own

vicinity in radiant, natural color.

The Deseret News Colorgravure Magazine has features to interest every member of your family.

Don't miss a single absorbing issue! Start your subscription to

the Deseret News today. It's your finest reading value! Only $1.30

for every day of the month, including this outstanding magazine appearing every Sunday.

The Mountain West's First Newspaper

MAY 1951 355

HIGHLIGHTS ABOUT THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

faith. is Saint also Latterday recorded the coming pages

states the esresume This brief the forth of and Book of MormonAn Investment ( Concluded from page 354 produced a better summarization of the restoration of the Aaronic and sential facts as to how the Pearl of and Price priesthoods. Great came into being Melchizedek in your Future

it to Latterhas contributed Finally there is appended the what

Articles of Faith. This epitome of day Saint philosophy and theology

beliefs goes with the missionaries as one of the standard works of to all the world. No one has yet the Church.Brigham Young

University's [ixjKiisSSS 1951 Summer Quarter omorww Offers a wide variety of graduate RICHARD L EVANS and undergraduate courses, with emphasis on music and the College I N the days when there seemed to be more mottos and of Education. philosophical sentences found framed and hanging on

The 13th annual Summer Music our walls, we remember seeing one which read: "Today

Festival will bring to the campus is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday."It is

some of the nation's top musicians profoundly simple, and it is always so: Today is the tofor both class and individual inmorrow we worried about yesterday. And since we lived

struction. through yesterday (which was part of our past), and

LECTURES since we seem to be making it at this moment (which only

CONCERTS an instant ago was part of our future), perhaps we

RECREATION shouldn't live in such fear of the future. It is true that

Splendid opportunities for fishing, campthese times don't lend themselves to much relaxed living.

ing, hiking and other forms of summer It is true that there is much indecision, much contrarecreation are available within a short diction, much mistrust, and that there are many opposing drive from the Provo campus. opinions, and that the lives of all of us, especially of those

FIRST TERM who are younger in years, seem to be kept in almost

June 11 to July 20 ceaseless uncertainty. What was once called emergency,

sometimes seems to have become the commonplace pattern,

SECOND TERM and it isn't always immediately apparent what we can

July 23 to Aug. 25 do about these outside intrusions upon our peace and

Write the Dean for a plans and purposes. But we can perhaps do something

Summer School Catalog about ourselves inside ourselves. Seneca once said: "Mind

anxious about the future is unhappy."If this were always

literally so, the mind of man would always be unhappy,

BRIGHAM YOUNG because even when the overall picture seems reasonably certain, the individual man may be subject to sudden unUNIVERSITY certainties, to accident or sickness or unforeseen circumPROVO. UTAH stances that may suddenly sweep away something he has

carefully counted on—all of which is to say that there seems

to be no way of ridding ourselves of some uncertainty.

There always have been and perhaps there always will be things which we cannot certainly foresee: there will

always be things of which we could be afraid—except as

our faith carries us over our fears. But we must not let OFFER... WE. the certainty of uncertainty prevent our pursuing construc- A COMPLETE ENGRAVING SERVICE tive plans and purposes. We must not succumb to uncerFrom Missionary Portraits to the Largest tainty. May we voice once more this sentence of assurCatalogues. ance that once looked out from the old frame: "Today is

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention the tomorrow you worried about yesterday."We lived

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. through yesterday; we are meeting this moment; and with

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah faith we shall meet tomorrow.

1 Seneca, Epist. 98.

TEMPLE SQUARE Jke Spoken Word FROM IN THE GOSPEL NET BROADCOLUMBIA AND THE OVER KSL PRESENTED

By Elder John A. Widtsoe CASTING SYSTEM, MARCH 4, 1951

At your bookdealers—$1.75

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

9831 instead of IfREE makes sense to me,s* says Mrs. John Austin of Green Ridge, Pa.

|H5'4* $tf.1* "WWIfegte \ i* ult

i '*<iio, T* 1'*.

k<S*v!

'v Guaranteed by W Good Housekeeping

i-

'J:;:::v::S;:>:: S:-> "I once thought I needed a special detergent for

clothes; another for dishes; a third for enamel and

> paint. Then I found FELSO. Now 'one instead of

4fBK JT. three'saves shopping time and storage space.

I "Best of all,"she says, "my wash is white as snow, i my colors bright and gay. China and glass sparkle

without wiping. Refrigerator, stove and woodwork

fairly glisten. FELSO alone does all my washing.

* &&### "Of course you may quote me. I'm glad to say how

satisfied I am with white, freepouring FELSO. It's

so pleasantly fragrant, and it leaves my hands soft:: and smooth. 'One instead of three'makes sense to

me—when that one is allpurpose FELSO."

Reliable Fels and Co. perfected FELSO. It isn't a

soap, but a new, different, allpurpose detergent.

make FELSO your "today Wmmt THE STORY OF SACAJAWEA {Continued from page 336) shones, the people of Sacajawea;

again enabled her to name the one all would be well.

that would lead them safely out of A ragged advance scouting party the maze of wilderness. of four, Captain Lewis one of them,

The stream twisted viciously and painfully climbed to the top of the swiftly among the volcanic walls. great Continental Divide and

Many times in running the rapids, looked, at long last, down the the boats were upset, and precious Pacific slope of the Rockies, and as for a wonderful supplies, records, and instruments they contemplated the majestic let of fool - proof pictures. were strewn over the stream. At scene, the flag of the United States

such times the patient and loyal was unfurled in the wild western

Sacajawea, mindful first of her breeze. At this place the Lewis

baby, nevertheless was quick to and Clark company met a mounted grasp precious medicines, instruband of sixty Shoshone Indians.

ments, and important papers from Destiny seemed to interpose a the swirling water about the capbenevolent hand here—for the

CONTAX-S sized boat. Many were the incileader of the Indian troop was the

The undisputed dents in, which she demonstrated brother of Sacajawea! Once more

king of the 35 this loyalty to the party. On one the presence of the winsome, ravenmm Camera occasion the Indian girl gave Caphaired Indian girl had worked its world.

tain Lewis her prized belt of blue charm, saving the company from $475 beads, her last bit of feminine finery, possible starvation or Indian attack, it for a fine fur and enabling them to procure supnmty that he might trade

Moil Orders promptly filled. robe of sea otter. When provisions plies and horses to take them along

had run out, Sacajawea proffered to the trail.

all of the hardships endured, PHOTO thehad leadersaved theto belastpreparedbit of breadfor sheher whichDespitethey had and conMATERIALS in case of extremity. Toussaint CO. baby fronted with an equally hard now

Ph.3-1404 Temple So 27 West reached crisis was to the A coast, when the passage her Sacajawea, UTAH. CITY, LAKE SALT

tempestuous, narrowing stream papoose at her back, stood ready as through which they had passed for always to continue the journey with so many months made further boat her husband. The hardened band

travel impossible. In the labyrinth were to wander, like derelicts, seekof peaks where the Bitter Root ing ways out of the mountain maze

Mountains and the Rockies run again to reach open country. Their

parallel at the juncture of what is privations at times became almost now Idaho and Montana, Captain unendurable. Weak from, scanty

Lewis sent his scouts ahead to seek food, many of them sick, the party a way through. All returned, at length reached the Clearwater

baffled, almost defeated at the prosRiver. Lewis himself on a sickbed

pect of finding a crossing of the directed the work of shaping rude alpine peaks. canoes out of pine logs. The work

Supplies were low, and the of burning their cores went slowly.

dreaded Rocky Mountain winter Then once more the company was would hold them like beavers in a afloat, entering the winding Snake trap. Now they desperately needed River where Lewiston, Idaho, now

the help of the Indians—for food, stands.

for horses to continue the journey, The mighty Columbia River was for life itself! Yet the tribesmen reached in October, and the heart

mightno—thesebe hostile,Indiansevenwouldif found.be ShoBut of every man {Continuedswelled asonhepageviewed360)

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS

358 rHE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Why should you be in aH parts of the oil business?"

Mrs. Henry Lincoln, housewife in Boise, Idaho,

asks: "Do you have to be in all parts of the oil business?

Why don't you just produce or refine, and give other companies a chance to do the -j* / *S.?

transporting, selling, etc. 2"l/LCto. /sj'cu<?j>il.

Why all parts? Take the example of how Some 600 miles away in Colorado was a

Standard serves Idaho and eastern Orepossible source of additional fuel—the

gon. Time was when severe winter old Rangely oil field, long undeveloped.

weather often delayed deliveries. Costs Standard studied the demand and the

seemed high. Here was a need, a demand. supply, decided to bring them together.

wm*: 'mm

That called for a complete, integrated And to move the crude. Standard laid a Next—a new Standard refinery at Salt

the crude out of the pipeline called City. This million. It cost City. to Salt Lake over Lake But to $15operation—getting

ground, refining it, delivering it to users for it big investment because costs continan especially keep operate must down, carefully planned line is the world's ahead. So new the mile long 182 constant—all supply of crude, uously—have

wells drilled were at Rangely. feet. crosses highest: Mts. at 9560 theUinta of product. constant movement

Yd Like to Know..

REFINERY You may have heard that a suit has been filed by the Antitrust Division in Washington, D. C. to break up

Standard of California as well as six other West Coast oil companies.

Many people have written us protesting this action, have asked pertinent questions. We believe these

questions should be answered for everyone. We take this way of doingAnother long pipeline was then built on If Standard had not been prepared—in so. If you have a question, write:

up to the Northwest. Gasoline and fuel size, in integrated skills, in investment cap-

"I'd Like to Know"it oil it did, this tackle could as job made

Street, Francisco 20 San is, all. at job they're done this As it we 225 Bushwhere from needed—lowerRangely crude innowcost,go notital—tohave

plentiful no matter how tough the winter. are able to serve a large area well.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

MAY 1951 359 iii!iiliii!ii;iiiiii[|iiiitiiiiiiiii!ii[iini THE STORY OF SACAJAWEA

Admirably (Continued from page 358) After wintering on the coast, the the almost legendary waters into return journey to St. Louis was

suited which these adventurings had finalcompleted in onethird of the time, ly brought the expedition. Weeks for landmarks guided them now

for all later the men were to thrill to the yet the infallible memory and fine Church Music wing of sea gulls overhead, salt intuition of the quiet Indian mother spray in the air, and at last the Sacajawea determined the true whitecapped vista of the boundless course to follow.

Pacific. They had won their vicAs she rode, with her papoose

tory—and prior right to the magstrapped to her back, at the head

nificent Oregon territory, dedicated of the column with Captain Lewis, STinujfly now to the United States! the Indian princess made a tranquil

"The Instrument of the Immortals"

S&JSvS1

Joo y&Jbtick to \cjvilt...:

RICHARD L. EVANS

rE should like to say something today concerning a W very old theme that is always new and always needed:

something concerning "enduring unto the end."One of

the most pressing problems of the present unsettled scene concerns the perplexities of young people. The picture

and the pattern change so fast for them that they must constantly wonder what they can count on. And so we

should like to say something to you who are young in years and who can't quite seem to settle down in an unsettled situation: Perhaps you cannot now foresee the

completion of your plans. Perhaps it seems that the

course you had set for yourselves may inevitably be interUnexcelled in rupted. We are well aware that it is difficult to settle

down amid shifting scenes. But sometimes young people

Quality are too quick to quit—because of discouragement, beTone cause of boredom, because of outside uncertainties, or because of certain restlessness inside themselves, and often

Styling they assume that it will be easier to pursue their preparation in the far future than it would be to take advantage of

Stamina early opportunities. But as the years increase, responsibilities looks increase, also road of learning and the

Or ALL -RELIABILITYDflRST purlonger. the needless postponement of our And

poses often merely means a piling up of unaccomplished purposes later in life. Unavoidable interruptions may 4547 aunesSOUTH U f)jl* * JT come to any of us or to all of us at any time. But should

SAIT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH we let the weeks and the months waste away because the 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY PROVO future scene seems somewhat unsettled? Should we

quickly quit our constructive pursuits today simply because we think we may have to quit tomorrow or should - -m- *-! (>-m M>HWIO-i H we pursue our chosen course as far as we can? Quitting,

giving up, should not be a matter of momentary emotion

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS but a matter for serious consideration—for the best time

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple to prepare for later life is at our earliest opportunity. And

sore throat and other minor mouth even in the face of uncertainty Would it not seem shortand throat irritations. sighted to let the fear that we shan't have time, rob us of

the time we have? If we can endure to whatever end

see, able to see then be more some can now we may we HALLS REMEDY short, the to desirable In endure. which can end we City, Utah Salt Lake

uncertainties of tomorrow should not mislead us into wasting today.

TEMPLE SQUARE GOSPEL STANDARDS Jke Jpolu>pol?en Word"vwuru. FROM PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADBy President Heber J. Grant CASTING SYSTEM, MARCH 11, 1951

At your bookdealers—$2.25

360 THE IMPROVEA4ENT ERA picture to hostile, skulking tribesmen through whose lands the returning expedition passed—for the

party must be on a peaceful mission which included in its cavalcade a squaw and a dozing papoose.

Sacajawea lived to be one hundred years old, and to her memory a river, a mountain, and a peak have been named.

H Men Basketball 195051 (Continued from page 328) priesthood of God. Participating

in the meet were three seventies, sixtysix elders, fortynine priests, sixteen teachers, and four deacons.

Every member of the second place

Thirtythird Ward squad held the office of elder.

Impressive opening ceremonies the first evening of the tournament featured a pageant with all players massed on the floor. Participation

medals were awarded to every player and coach while talks were given by Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve and

Elbert R. Curtis, general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. Both

called attention to the message

President Albert Smith George T* WITH to thewired Brigham UniimGA*...,e Youngversity coach and team, a few days * <$t*before, on the eve of the Y's final Ml

game at the National Invitational

Tournament, which follows: "Play

clean, play hard, play to win. God

bless you."

Another highlight of the meet was the annual luncheon for coaches, officials, division superPORTABLE IRRIGATION SYSTEMS visors, players, and sponsors held Protect your future crops with a ShurRane irrigation system.

in the afternoon of the final day at You can save up to 50% of the water you are now using.

the Lion House, Master of cereINSURES AGAINST DROUGHT SEEDS GERMINATE FASTER monies was Gordon Owen, wellCONSERVES WATER HELPS CURB PESTS known Salt Lake radio commentator IRRIGATES UNEVEN LAND REDUCES CULTIVATION COSTS and a member of the Y.M.M.I.A. There is NO Substitute for SHURRANE quality

board. Featured speakers were and rugged design.

President Antoine R. Ivins of the EQUIPPED WITH RAINBIRD

First Council of the Seventy, Bishop SPRINKLER HEADS

Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric, and Marvin J.

Ashton, chairman of the athletic committee of the Y.M.M.I.A. The m iMii i B

speakers emphasized the importance FARM MAIN OFFICE: BRANCHES AT:

of competition in developing good OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO citizenship. The benediction was AND ORCHARD 375 31st ST. PHONE 5558 429 SO. 1st WEST 585 SO. 2nd WEST

offered by Earl Lee Stark, player j DISTRIBUTOR OF THESE WELLKNOWN LINES

SUPPLIES E. Irrigation Pont de ShurRane I. Du Portable Neumours Systems & Co.and coach of the Redondo Ward,

Shell California Co. Chemical Chemical Co. Spray Dow Chemical

(Concluded on following page) Co.

MAY 1951 361 M MEN BASKETBALL L9505L (Concluded from preceding page) Curtis, Walter G. Woffinden, Paul 5th—Minersville Ward—Beaver

Inglewood Stake team. Earl's in- S. Howells, and Parry D. Sorensen. Stake

vitation in 1946 to "come around Teams finished as follows: 6th—Brigham Fourth Wardand play ball,"resulted in regular 1st—Logan Fifth Ward—East North Box Elder Stake

atattendance followed M.I.A. 7th—P a u 1 War d—Minidoka

in the temple.baptism and marriage by Cache2nd—ThirtythirdStake Ward—BonStake

For the third straight year, the neville Stake u c s o n First Ward 8th—T

Stake Arizonatournament has been under the di3rd—Pleasant Grove First Ward Southernrection of Marvin J. Ashton. As-—-Timpanogos Stake

Other teams participating were:sisting Brother Ashton was the 4th—Edgehill Ward—Hillside

Stake; Inglewood Redondo Ward,tournament committee—Dale R. Stake Stake; East MidReno Reno Ward,

vale 1st Ward, East Jordan Stake;

Iona Ward, Idaho Falls Stake;

Provo Fourth Ward, Utah Stake;

Fielding Ward, Bear River Stake.

The winner of the sportsmanship award was the Edgehill Ward of

Hillside Stake. For four consecutive years this team has been eliminated from the tournament by a

margin of two points or less—and

in every case the losses have been taken in good grace.

The AllChurch honor team consisted of:

Boyd P e t e r s o n—Thirtythird

Ward—Bonneville Stake

Bill Green—Thirtythird Ward

Bonneville Stake Dave Ferneu—L ogan Fifth

Ward—East Cache Stake

Jack Clark—Logan Fifth Ward

East Cache Stake Udell Westover—Pleasant Grove

First Ward—Timpanogos Stake

There's no finer gasoline for wrist watch for the outstanding Unexcelled The Deseret News presented a your car than Utoco Gasoline. It's scientifically processed player of the tournament to Jack

Clark of the Logan Fifth Ward.

and skillfully balanced at the refinery for maximum car The Salt Lake Tribune*Telegram performance. presented traveling bags to the outstanding player of each day. Players

Wednesday—Bill Paul—Edgehill The quality is conAlways Ahead receiving the awards were: Ward

stantly being improved, due to continuing research and T h u r s d a y—Riley Newton

laboratory tests—your assurance that Utoco now is, and Thurber Ward

Ward will remain, a leader among premium gasolines. Friday—Jim Toone—Paul Saturday—Nelvin Stock—Tuscon First Ward

Keep your car feeling THE SWEETEST OF THESE Always New "new"with the gasoline that gives you everything you want By Betty Jean Lese laugh is the ripple of a clear, cool A... fast starts, surging pickup, full mileage. Get Utoco ** brook,

That Improved Gasoline—at the Utoco sign of service! A smileleavesis thea whispersilver sprinkledin some onshadysnow,nook.

it in bright the sun as an inward line of ATLAS Leaves Complete Accessories Tires, Batteries, rain, fall the of a quiet A tearglow.is

That could be happiness, joy, or pain.

But the sweetest of these, which no man can alter, UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY Is thefalter.gift of God's love that will never

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DAVID 0. MCKAY BECOMES NINTH PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH

( Concluded from page 325 War II in 1938 and had the redren are: Mrs. Josephine S. Reinyears as a member of the First sponsibility of evacuating missionhardt, Mrs. Julina S. Hart, Mrs.

Presidency, he has seen much aries. Emily S. Myers, Mrs. Naomi S.

growth and strength come to the President Smith married Louie Brewster, Joseph Fielding Smith,

Church. He has been a leader of Emyla Shurtliff in April 1898. She Jr., Mrs. Amelia S. McConkie,

the Church welfare work from the died in 1908. He then married Ethel Lewis Warren Smith (who gave his

beginning. Georgina Reynolds, who died in life in World War II), George

He and President McKay have 1937. His present wife is the Reynolds Smith, Douglas Allan

carried temporarily much of the reformer Jessie Ella Evans. His chilSmith, and Milton Edmund Smith.

sponsibility of Church leadership during the illnesses of President

Heber J. Grant and President

George Albert Smith.

President Clark has one of the largest libraries in the Church on

Jesus the Christ. He has enriched

the Church not only with his energy and with his counsel, but also with his writings. Books he has

written include: Wist Ye Not That

I Am About My Father's Business?,

LastTo Them Wagon, and of the to Immortality and *S$fjft</&<$$&'&On the Way

Eternal Life.

His companion in life, Luacine

Savage Clark, died in 1944. He has

four children: Mrs. Louise C. Bennion, Mrs. Marianne C. Sharp, J.

Reuben Clark, III, and Luacine C.

Fox.

President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve is known far and wide as an authority on the history and the doctrine of the Church. He is the son of

President Joseph F. Smith and the

grandson of the Patriarch Hyrum

Smith.

He has served the Church, first in the Church historian's office, later as assistant Church historian, and as Church historian for thirty years. He was called to the apostleship at the April 1910 general

conference.

He has long been active in temple and genealogical work in the

Church. His writings include:

BloodAtonement and the Origin ofPlural Marriage—The Reorganized

Church and Question of Succession,

Essentials in Church History, The

Way to Perfection, The Progress of Man, Life of Joseph F. Smith,

Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, Signs of the Times, The

Restoration of All Things, and the manuals currently used as lesson material, in conjunction with History of the Church, by the Mel- & chizedek Priesthood quorums. CHOCOLATES

He was in Europe on Church business at the outbreak of World Glade Candy Co.—Salt Lake City

MAY 1951 363

0thoo

the serviceman, the bishop may find that that particular serviceman may need encouragement along certain lines. The next letter going to that

serviceman may include tracts on gospel themes, which the bishop may obtain free of charge from the president of the stake mission, or booklets on clean living, which may be obtained from the stake chairman of the NoLiquor-Tobacco committee.

The second letter should be from his priesthood quorum. This should

also be a friendly letter, more or less on subjects of the gospel. At times

this letter, too, should contain various tracts that are furnished by the

Church and distributed to the bishops and quorums for this purpose at the stake level. The quorum should

also provide the serviceman with a subscription to the Church News

WHAT ARE YOU DOING FOR YOUR SERVICEMEN? and to The Improvement Era.

These subscriptions should be in of the glorious sights at conFirst, from the headquarters of addition to, not in lieu of, lettersONEference time is to see men of the Church, from the general L.D.S.

from the quorum. the Church, the priesthood servicemen's committee, comes to

bearers, fill the Salt Lake Taberevery known Latterday Saint who The third letter to the serviceman Men andnacle to capacity and overflow into faces a term of service in the armed should come from the M the other buildings and onto Temple forces, the servicemen's set which Gleaner class of his ward. This should be a newsy letter—what theSquare itself. Great things can be proved to be so popular during

activities at is doing, the old gang

II, of such the a unitedaccomplished by Book MorWorld War is firesides, the Mutual, and who realize, Principles stop thegroup. But Gospel. and and for a mon of

off to married or hurrying being if all that the servicemenmoment, that Instructions given have been school.

of serving in the Church now receive serviceman should the every in training are servicemen The gathered, theyarmed forces were three letters from each month their well in very the doing Church too would present such a picture on ward he calls "home."activities as they meet with group

Temple Square. The first should be signed by the leaders. There are L. D. S. serviceBut these boys haven't the opporbishop. It should be written by the men by the hundreds in training at

tunity of meeting in a conference bishop, or by anyone whom the bishFort Lewis, Washington; Fort

with thousands of other priesthood op may assign to write it, but in all Riley, Kansas; Lackland Air Base,

bearers who have the same ideals cases, signed by the bishop. It should Texas; Sheppard Air Base, Texas;

as theirs. And many of them are never be preachy, but full of the Fort Sill, Oklahoma; Fort Ord,

out in the world on their own for friendliness and brotherhood that is California; Great Lakes Naval

the first time, seeing for themselves the spirit of the gospel of Jesus Training Center, Illinois; and

the way the world lives, and having Christ. Where the ward has an smaller groups in training at nearly

an everpresent invitation to join unusually large number of serviceevery installation throughout Amerand be with them. And it's a termen, a mimeographed letter may be ica. The servicemen, too, are meetrible feeling—that emptiness of dissent. The bishop of the Belvedere ing with their group leaders, as time

covering that those at home—the Ward, East Los Angeles (Califorand circumstances permit, whereverones who love you best—have apnia Stake, has been sending a fine they have been sent in foreign lands.

parently forgotten. "Newsletter to our men and women But there is no substitute for the

What should be done for these in the armed forces and our missionencouragement the servicemen need, servicemen? (Remember, a uniform aries at home and abroad."and want, from those nearest to

hasn't changed them much. They The bishop should encourage them at home—the bishops, the

are still lively young men, liking to each serviceman to write him at least quorums, and the Mutual classes.

hear and do the same things as they once a month, enclosing his tithing. What are you doing about your

did a few short months ago. From these letters received from brethren in the armed services?

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EIGHTEEN YEAR OLDS AND what they were in World War I.

MILITARY SERVICE In consequences, these beverages, "pROM Washington we have been especially beer, were largely conresult sumed. was The many hearing much during recent NOLIQUOR

of the thousands boys later became months relative to eighteenyear-old alcoholics.

boys and military service. Pro and TOBACCO Drinking and associated evils arecon arguments have been made in

Congress, the press of the country, not only destructive of moral standand elsewhere. Military people are ards, but they also greatly lessen

the effectiveness of the boys as generally sympathetic with the pros, Lotiamvi while the clergy, temperance advosoldiers. There is every reason to

the of the keep environment men in cates, generally parents favor and CONDUCTED BY is services clean. armed There no shall In this writing the cons. we

not attempt to state or summarize good reason to relax the restrictions.

the arguments. Our purpose here is 2Dr. /706epk -jr. rf/erriu Let everyone write to his represento make a few observations relative OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE tatives in Washington. This is not

to the subject. much to do, but if everyone will do

Presumably everyone recognizes it, desired results will surely follow.

the gravity of the situation, and the Your representatives will respond supreme importance of treating it alizing influences as far from them to your requests.

as possible. Unfortunately, howwisely—of finding a solution, if

possible, that will be best for all ever, these things in many cases will BREWERY SALES TECHNIQUE concerned. But human insight is not be easy to do because of "inAND TELEVISION

short; its judgment is faulty; and its triguing, wicked men and women

conclusions frequently erroneous. who encourage indulgence in harmThe brewers are certainly doing

And these things are true even in ful, sinful, and destructive activi- a good sales promotion job. They

cases where motives are pure and ties."But efforts of this nature are not putting any limit on expanobjectives highly commendable. But should only strengthen the detersion. Just now, they are hammering

if these qualities are absent, the mination of good people to make at reaching a consumption of 100 situation is bad indeed, for the efforts to counteract them. million barrels of beer a year, but

things done will likely worsen the To be specific, we suggest that they are looking forward to 120 milsituation. Obviously then those eneveryone who wants a clean envilion, and beyond that to 140 million

gaged in trying to compose the ronment, for boys in the service barrels. Much of this consumption

situation should to the highest deshould make his wishes known to they want in the home because it is gree feasible be possessed of vigor the congressmen and senators who there they can best develop the use of beer by women and young peoof body, mind, and spirit—have represent him in Washington. If

clean bodies, clear heads, and pure everyone who feels as we do about ple, so they are giving a great deal hearts. Otherwise terrible mistakes a clean environment would thus of attention to the principles of

will be made, resulting in harm and write, efforts to clean up would store selling.

misery, wretchedness, and death. certainly be made. Mass petitions General sales managers of the

This is the story of the past. What are much less influential than indibreweries are putting great stress on

shall be the story of the future? vidual letters. If thousands of perpromoting a sales trend involving

As far as feasible, shall we not sonal letters were to go to Washthe "young homemakers'market."

protect our boys who are going into ington from each district to the Most advertising is being directed the service voluntarily or by draft officials above indicated, favorable toward this group. This exploits the

from evil and destructive influences results would undoubtedly follow. great interest in television and also

that would weaken them in body or A few years ago the Columbia exploits the extensive use of pictures mind or spirit, thus rendering them Broadcasting System put on the air of young girls on billboards and in less effective and efficient in any and a series of thirteen talks under the their advertising. As yet, they are

every job given them to do? title "You and Alcohol,"each one not showing the actual drinking of

How can we protect them? one given by an expert in his special beer by young children, but just

may ask. Every rightthinking perfield. One of the speakers was Mrs. wait awhile! What the beer indusson has a ready answer. Feed them Marty Mann, Executive Director, try wants is the whole world with

with wholesome food; keep alcoholic National Committee for Education a painted fence around it and a billbeverages, bad women, and demoron Alcoholism. In her talk Mrs. board on the fence with a pretty

Mann said, "I tell you honestly, and girl downing a brimming glass of on behalf of those three million sufbeer.

What I can't understand is how some fering human beings, that alcoholIt is too bad that when any invenparlor a beauty will go towomen to ism is the most painful disease tion comes along which affords a themselves as attractive ashave made possible, wear fine clothes in the latest known to man."(Mrs. Mann was great opportunity to broadcast instyles to create the best impression, and a recovered alcoholic.) During the formation and encourage cultural

then spoil it by making themselves offighting period of World War II appreciation, it is immediately taken fensive smoking cigarets and drinking the restrictions relative to obtaining over by the worst influences incocktails.

The Australian alcoholic beverages by boys in the American life.

Temperance Advocate services were greatly loosened from {Concluded on page 368)

MAY 1951 365

Adviser Sets Challenging

Record of Visits

Aaronic Priesthood Quorum Advisers

Doctrines of the Holy Priesthood to Be Taught Priesthood Bearers

Curveys and inquiries made throughto their advisers to find out what is out the Church indicate that many wrong or lacking in quorum meetings

Aaronic Priesthood quorum advisers boys are ever attending, but where

HARRY are not realizing, as they should, that it they may be learning little of imporis their responsibility to teach the sigtance about the priesthood they bear.

DeRYKE nificance of priesthood and its authoriCan it be that a man thought to be ties to the bearers of the Aaronic Priestcapable of leading young men in priesthood. The simple question, "What is hood work is content to permit boys to

the priesthood?"generally provokes come to his class week after week,

little more than the reply, "It is the month after month, year in and year authority of God to act in his name."out, and yet, when they are advanced

But even this answer, significant as it in the priesthood, know so pitifully is, falls disappointingly flat and almost little about the power of God, the meaningless when followed by the Holy Priesthood, by which the worlds further questions, "What is the authorwere made, by which they are con- \\Je bring to the attention of our ity of God?"or, "What does it mean trolled, by which we live and move and

leaders another one of the envito act in the name of the Lord?"enjoy our very existence?

able records established by Harry When young men, particularly Can it be that the lullabies of past

DeRyke, deacons'quorum adviser, teachers and priests, can go little achievements numb the adviser's sense

Ogden Twelfth Ward, Mt. Ogden further than that in explaining what it of responsibility to those entrusted to

(Utah) Stake. is they hold when ordained to the his care for training and education in

Brother DeRyke made 258 personal priesthood, let us turn from criticism priesthood, its holy purposes, and its visits to his quorum members in their to sympathy, and turn from our boys divine functions? Are study and rehomes during the year of 1950, in search boring to any adviser charged

spite of the fact he was in a cast and with this great responsibilty? Is any

was entirely unable to make any visits AARONIC PRIESTHOOD adviser, because he has graduated from during one of the twelve months. AWARD RECORD APPROACHES seminary, filled a mission, and taught

Let us figure out the measure of atALL-TIME HIGH for years, able to be a fountain of intention he gave his boys in their homes. Touring the first three months formation on priesthood without the

stimulating to greater urge ever acquire the during year enrolment averageThe Presiding Bishthe of 1951, this divine of knowledge power? seventeen. Therefore, each boywas for applications opric approved

is It a cancerous philosophy which than of averagereceived more an Certificates of Individual 12,324 or his "rest to oars"persuades one on his visitsfifteen adviser personal from 728 Standard and QuoAward is to as to as only required do much visited year.during the was boy Each Awards. rum

it, else "get against the by."Guardat regardless least each month, once of the Standard number While

is left, will victim done, be when day not. active orof he whether was about remains Awards Quorum

little his lethal philosthan with more qualithe of quorum member Every last year, the as the same numlittle is in real there or which ophy nofied Certificate of for Individual the Certificates of of Individual ber satisfaction there out of and can which for 1950.Award is alltime high. nearly an Award

little or reward. come no If better adviser a has quorum any is It gratifying to particularly

record of personal visits in the homes note that bishoprics and Aaronic A sufficient number of lessons is of his quorum members, we would Priesthood leaders seem not to be outlined in each quorum lesson manual welcome an account of his record and overlooking as many boys in this during the year to provide the quorum his photograph for publication on these matter as in the past. adviser with plenty of opportunities

pages. for teaching the significance, purposes,

and functions of the priesthood, provided he knows sufficient about the subject to capably instruct his boys.

Aaronic Priesthood Help for Missions Not Yet Available Stake committeemen will do well to

A N everincreasing flow of correand distributed by this office are adaptcheck on the ability of advisers and spondence and requests from mised for use only in stakes and wards. on their willingness to make adequate

sion presidents and from branch presiIt is somewhat common knowledge preparation for teaching the meaning dents and others in the mission, calling that an Aaronic Priesthood program of priesthood as it should be taught for Aaronic Priesthood supplies, makes for the missions of the Church has been to our Aaronic Priesthood bearers.

necessary the giving of the following thought out and prepared in outline Advise with bishoprics and general information form, but the plan has not yet been secretaries, when it is discovered, that approved for introduction. Careful advisers need attention in these matThe Presiding Bishopric's Office has study is being given to the proposal, ters. Follow through to see that everynot been authorized or instructed to but until it is approved, we are not in thing is done to raise the efficiency

supply Aaronic Priesthood supplies for a position to comply with the requests level of our Aaronic Priesthood quouse in the missions of the Church. All for Aaronic Priesthood supplies for rum advisers in every ward in the

Aaronic Priesthood supplies prepared missions. Church.

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H? Irepapecl bu c?Lee J4. j-alt,mer

The Blessings of an Adviser Aaronic Priesthood

Think it Over How beautiful upon the mountains are

Build the boy and you lay the the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, New Roll Books Provide for

Zion, Thy God reigneth. (Isaiah 52:7.) Cumulative Records foundationmanhood—for the temple of that publisheth peace;... that saith unto

the Neglect boy and manhood blessed TLdTow the carry are they who should have "p very a comward now tavern. than be little a more may light to salvation of message and roll set of for plete books new -L in tarry darkness. A. p. those The who Priesthood Aaronic and quorums

heavens and the host of them rejoice groups under twentyone. If "wards

it is supplied, because have not beenWard Teachers whenmagnifythe theirhumbleagencyservantswithof diligence,the Lord the the bishops not ordered have new enthusiasm, and perseverance. rolls as we have suggested.

it is to a great adventureKeep Close Watch for the What It is hoped that bishops are making tearthe of discover and means ways

Symptoms of Indifference ing down the barriers that keep the full use of the provision for calculating light of life from illuminating the souls each boy's cumulative record month by for determining the for the and where monthT ast we discussed thrill it is month, a and women! of men What

stands, looking cumulatively, quorum benefit teachers some of ward feel the the of to Spirit of guide God the causes of indifference and their thinking and the tongue in presenting to the Standard Quorum Award each remedies. We should like to refer his message! How wonderful to see month.

again to another phase of this weakdoubts dispelled from the heart, and The reactions of stake and ward ness, one by which ward teachers may testimonies of the gospel grow into leaders to these two new features in the further identify this malady. full bloom! Oh, how divinely happy 1951 roll book indicate that a longThose affected by spiritual indifferis the man who sees joy come into the felt need is now taken care of to every

ence are usually friendly and seldom lives of husbands, wives, and children, worker's delight.

oppose any of the teachings advocated, in their realization that they will belong Special attention should be given thus giving the impression they are in to each other forever. The satisfaction to the use of Section Three. Unless

harmony with the doctrines as taught that comes from working with the Lord this section is carefully filled out each by the Church. However, if questioned in saving men's souls cannot be surmonth, there will be considerable difficlosely, it will be observed that many passed. culty with the monthly report.

of these people have a peculiar philosophy. They justify inactivity by

saying worship at home, in the field, AND A GOOD TIME WAS HAD BY ALL or in the mountains is just as acceptable and effective as worship in the

Church. The belief is also expressed

that so long as the heart is right, the

Lord will be both generous and lenient in the day of final judgment.

The dangers of such a philosophy should be carefully pointed out to those who have thus been deceived by Satan. The Laodiceans, one of the

seven churches of Asia, was a good example of how the Lord feels toward those who lose their fervor and drift into a careless and indifferent attitude.

To them, he said,

I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or

hot.

So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth. (Rev. 3:1516.)

Ward teachers should impress those who are confused in their thinking with the necessity for loving and serving the Lord.

If thou lovest me thou shalt serve me and keep all my commandments. {D. & C. ATTENDANCE LEADERS, LONG BEACH SECOND WARD LONG BEACH STAKE

42:29.) soda Thewater,LongandBeachice cream(California)bust toStakethe Aaronicward havingPriesthoodthe highesicommitteepercentkeptattendanceits promiseof toAaronicprovidePriesthooda candy,

members at priesthood and sacrament meetings. The Lang Beach Second Ward boys won the contest

This is the key by which all may and, Includedjudging fromwith thetheirAaronicsmiles, Priesthoodare extremelymembershappy inoverthe theirphotovictoryare theandstake"the Aaronictreat."Priesthood comdemonstrate their love of the Lord. mittee, bishopric, general secretary, and quorum advisers.

MAY 1951 367

Noliquor-Tobacco Column

( Concluded from page 365 Mrs. Harper Sibley, president of

the United Council of Church Women, in a vigorous denunciation of the flood of beer advertising which has invaded the American home by way of radio and television, suggested that it might be necessary to launch a movement to stop advertising on these media altogether.

"I'd rather pay a tax than listen to such stuff,"said Mrs. Sibley. She

would be surprised to know how

Summer Schools at the Unimany people who consider themversity of Utah have gained a wide reputaselves "Wets"feel the same way.

tion for excellence... but this 1951 summer Television, particularly, is off on the

session at the foot of the lofty Wasatch wrong foot. It is entirely too trivial,

mountains promises to be one of the most too vulgar, and too suggestive of the stimulating, one of the most rewarding, ever saloon.

held at the Beehive School.

brilliant Specialists of array A George Albert Smith—

will from all parts of gathered be America on the campus to conduct regular and special Prophet Goes Home courses and participate in Institutes and {Continued from page 323)

Conferences of unusual interest and signifiyouth. One of his greatest opcance. portunities came during the years he

Varied recreational and enter-.spent as general superintendent of

tainment features will add enjoyment to the the Young Men's Mutual Improveschool with dancing, outings, canyon parment Association from 1921 to 1935.

ties, trips, musical festival, swimming in In his leadership he stressed spirituality, culture, clean and wholesome

Great Salt Lake and other fun and features recreation, the Boy Scout program, offered in this Center of Scenic America to and the Bee Hive program for girls.

all students. Although he was the leader of the

You Will ENJOY Sumyoung men, the young women of mer School at the 'IT. the Church found in him a strong

and vigorous champion.

Class work starts June 18 and He encouraged thousands of continues until August 31. young people to secure a good education, and his kindness helped to

cases. this possible in many make Write today for full information to Dean of Summer School

thrift, economy, He encouraged virtues selfreliance, and other of UNIVERSITY are in world in a modern UTAH which SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH danger of being forgotten.

At the time of his death, he was president of the board of Brigham

Young University, a school he atPROFITABLE DAYS tended as a boy. His efforts to

AHEAD FOR advance the interests of this imschool have exportant Church NOTICE years. many tended over For ULJISH SNAPIN MONEL METAL SEATS President Smith was not only

GRADUATES AND SWIVEL WASHERS interested in Church history, but

Capitalize FOR PERMANENT on QUISH CONTROL OF he also loved it. He devoted much FAUCET LEAKS training You'll now! be a

competent beautician when graduated. pro- & time and energy to the task of preQUISH vides you with technical U.S. FLEXSEAL WEATHER STRIP serving for future generations, the

and knowledge gained ENROLL story trails, landmarks, and in 25 SEND NOW FREEskill TODAY! years.CATALOG S. with the L. D. spots associated FOR W. P.SendStudeninquiries &to Co. historic

Distributors explored, others pioneers and who OF SCHOOL 9-9431 Bldg. Phone 201-2 Beason

missionaries as or served pioneered, Salt Lake BERUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN at Show) the us City,HomeUtah (See Utah yum in the other faiths Under of West.368 n THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Chosen for today's smartest new homes his direction, all whose accomplishments made history in this area were honored regardless of race or religion.

After having acted for the Church in the erection of several important monuments and markers, he was the organizer of the Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks Association in 1930 and became its president, serving in the capacity until his death. His many trips over the

Mormon Pioneer Trail from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City, and over other historic trails of the West, made him familiar with western

America, and he became a recognized authority.

President Smith was for many years a member of the board of directors of the Oregon Trail Memorial Association and was one of the organizers of the American Pioneer

Trails Association. He had served

on the national board since its organization. For a time he was vicepresident. He was awarded one of

its earliest honorary life memberiJoZZ fudnb m(&tA ships.

Under his leadership well over a hundred historic monuments and Here at last—those paint colors you've always wanted!

markers have been erected from Choose to your heart's content—colors to match or

Nauvoo, Illinois, along pioneer harmonize with your fabrics, draperies, floor coverings!

trails to Arizona, Idaho, Wyoming, Ask your Colorizer paint dealer, painter or decorator

Nevada, and California. to show you the famous Colorizer Album, containing

The crowning achievement of his 1,322 realpaint samples, plus hundreds of wonderful work in preserving western history new deep tones. Each sample shows the paint as it will

is the "This is the Place"monuappear, dry, on your walls! Buy any of these 1,322

ment at the mouth of Emigration colors in flat, enamel, semigloss, floor enamel or exCanyon, overlooking the valley of terior paint—with no waiting or ordering! They're longthe Great Salt Lake. His first eflasting, beautiful, and regularly priced!

forts to bring this about were in 1915. When the great monument

costing more than $500,000.00 with II.

its setting and roadways was dedicated July 24, 1947, it marked the JZAAMJUEL 65climax of more than thirty years West First South, Salt Lake City of preparation and planning. When Bennett'sBennett's OgdenProvo

the "This is the Place"monument LoganEast SideHardwarePaint CoCo Idaho LoganFalls commission was organized in 1937, TwinIdaho FallsGlassGlass& Paint& PaintCo. Co TwinPocatelloFalls

President Smith, the leading sponBennett'sBennett's Los AngelesBoise sor, became second vicechairman. and at all Bennett's paint dealers.

In 1945, upon the death of President Heber J. Grant, he was made

chairman and served in that capacity until his death. It was under

his chairmanship that the monument was constructed and dedicated. The

building of a scenic and historic highway along the Mormon Trail from Henefer to Salt Lake City represents another of his dreams.

While he did not live to see either project fully completed, he saw the (Concluded on following page) "The word "Colorizer"is a trademark. j5r fluid paint colorant

MAY 1951 369 THE YEAR'S MOST GEORGE ALBERT SMITH-A PROPHET GOES HOME

TALKED ABOUT BOOKS! (Concluded from preceding page) of his administration as President

MORMONS finalplans success.proceed far enough to assure ofthe therevivalChurchbut alsohas thebeenincreasenot onlyof

One of the pioneers in aviation interest in the Indians and their in the West, President Smith early welfare. In high places in WashDIFFERENT became a director of Western Air ington he pleaded their cause and

difMormons What makes live Express, now Western Airlines. through plans set up within the ferent? do they Why

they as and think do? 50 Under his direction, a history log Church has brought about a most their religion does Why

affect govern so and much 1 of that airline from San Diego, remarkable change in the attitude thinkof their everyday ing? the answers In simple,—writtenconcise, forwritingMormonshere andare California, to Lethbridge, Alberta, toward the Lamanite remnant.

nonMormons alike. Canada, was prepared for the use One special interest of President

AND of passengers. He participated in Smith and one that was very near

many of the early flights between to his heart was The Improvement

THESE AMAZING Salt Lake City and Los Angeles. Era. As general superintendent of

MORMONS forHis flyinginterestcontinuedin aviationas andlonghisaslovehe thestepsY.M.M.I.A.which resultedin in1929,enlargementhe took

First three published years of the unmagazine expansion active. and was

this book ago, companion that has all parts the a to program der of has made it one gone Lehi's welfare of Father The 00 will world, published be of the magazines leading church of children, the Indians, different four was a special languages. in 1

concern of President Smith. His the world. As its senior editor

Both by H. JOSEPH WESTON visits to Indian reservations in many since 1945, his interest was in-

A veteran Newspaper reporter, for many parts of the country were frequent. creased. His monthly editorials

years a student of Mormonism, and now As an example in 1941 he spent a were read by people in every an Elder in the L.D.S. Church. week on the Navajo and Hopi civilized nation of the world.

At Your Dealers or Order From reservations in Arizona with stake Copies of The Improvement missionaries. He visited the homes Era were always available on his

of the Indians, blessed the sick and desk and were presented to disBOOKCRAFT 1186 SOUTH MAIN the aged and spread good cheer tinguished visitors at his office. In

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH and happiness among his many 1947 he presented the centennial

Lamanite friends. souvenir edition to the governors

One of the notable achievements of each of the fortyeight states.

BUILTUP LITTER

* Greater Hatchability

Floors Warmer /f*k%L THE CALLING OF A NEW PRESIDENT -Less Work,>> I {Concluded from page 314) you are aware, after the burial of ganized the Presidency of the the remains of President Woodruff,

Church. At that time he gave a he proceeded at once to do this.

solemn injunction to his fellow servIn this connection I may tell you ants in relation to this. He desired another thing. President Snow said

it understood that in all future time, to me, 'You will live to be the Presiwhen the President of the Church dent of the Church of Jesus Christ should die and thereby the First of Latterday Saints, and when that

Presidency become disorganized, it time comes, you should proceed at

efficient The drying and neutralwould be the duty of the proper once and reorganize the Presidency izing action Hydrated of Snowflake

Lime is helping thousands of Authorities of the Church to proof the Church.'This was his counpoultry raisers secure outstanding

results litter from builtup methceed at once, without any unnecessel to me, and the same was given

in ods. is low cost, Snowflake

hydrated, easy completely to hansary delay, to reorganize the First to the Twelve Apostles. In accorddle! All leading midwest building Presidency. ance with this principle and with the

carry dealers material withof President Snow, give you information it in stock "As soon as the news reached injunction litter. about... builtupcan the death, after his in one week

us of the death of President WoodApostles proceeded to designate ASH GROVE ruff, who was in California at the the new Presidency of the Church, said time, President Lorenzo Snow in it strictly accordance did and we HYDRATPD LIME to proceed our duty 'It will be to me, that the pattern the with Lord has as soon as possible to reorganize established in his Church, unanithe Presidency of the Church.'As mously."

fin tveny

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FROM OVER THE YEARS

(Concluded from page 326) Free Agency

HThe only true aristocracy in the world Tecause of his love for us, our Savior is the aristocracy of righteousness, and has done everything to protect us the only families that will persist are those who from the effects of evil, even to the giving of ly Father. keep the commandments—CRof ourAprilHeaven1946 agency. his life, but he will not take—Eraaway our51:617free

\X/e have everything to gain; we lose

nothing by keeping the commandBenediction ments of God.—Era 50:639

HThe Lord bless you in all your missionary... I have had quite a number of people fields of labor, and all of you men in

ask me: "What is going to be the outcome your various callings, and you women in

of the world? Many nations are in distress; your homes and abiding places, and the orour own country is upset and disturbed. ganizations with which you are identified.

When will we have peace? How will it—CR October 1945

be brought about?"I have made a very

brief the price answer that of peace is rpHE companionship of God's Spirit is a righteousness. will there peace be no And

worthy of the name on any other terms. safe guide along the pathway of mortal

—Era 53:614 celestiallife and akingdom.sure preparation for—Eraa home50:797in his

'T'he Ten Commandments given to ancient Israel are a guide to safety and 'T'he promises of the Lord can be relied eternal happiness. Whenever we violate upon in the future as they have been in

any of them, we have strayed from the path the past.... The Almighty reigns and will

of peace. Era 51: 61 continue to reign.—Era 50:797

Exfra Energy Breakpastextra energy, UOLDEN TABLE QUEEN toast makes an extra delicious breakfast, just the thing for a good day's start.

A good breakfast is important because it follows the longest foodless period of your day. Table Queen toast helps to

replace the energy burned up in this interval. Another

reason why breakfast is important is that you usually do your hardest work during the morning hours. Table Queen toast

at breakfast will help in this—

productive period. -—"75

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY SALT LAKE AND OGDEN

MAY 1951 371 "SnnBBB

J)hepherd, EDITORTODAY'i5nn

in Africa often asked why the famLessons in Eating ilies that grew up "in the mission or government schools were physically not so strong as those families or uouna peopleI away from komel who had never been in contact with mission or government schools."*

is imLet's face food it. Good taking you're your canWHETHER health. to continued good to portant along opener or planning

buy one when you get there; Youth cannot predict the future,

whether the people you'll be living but they can investigate the past around feed you five times a day and present and be warned by it:

or not at all; whether you're tractUnless we stick closer to the rules

ing, studying, or doing army drill for good health through proper you will need some practical knowdiet, many of us will become an easy how about foods in eating for your prey to disease. Those who will

health. seek a better understanding of food

Lambert—Photograph by Harold M. it will apply values rewarded be and all into parts of today go at not at right be all may times—but A malt to resistance disease as greater with foods. of exclusion to the mealtimes otherthe for missionary work, Youthworld—for in imevidenced dayby-day many service, for In education.war and

energy, provements: fewer moreAmerica, quite wives often young five arthritis, million matism and bettension, less colds, nervous and their soldier oraccompany student diseases, three heart from a and

ter digestion.husbands, take they temand up million half fever from hay and with, foods the begin which Toporary as homes keep and house asthma, cancer 930,000 from and daily those eat are which should we It isbest typical they can. of youth on. tumors, other so has There and in naturally environment, our grow especially from home, andaway to reason! a be available. readily thus are most and those training haveamong no who points tooth Research on decay "basic seven food American Thein is to cooking, accept whatever to the conclusively tremendous use of enout requirements"an greweasiest to get, of even though much in of factor as sugar important an

it may not be what is best for dental decay. A survey conducted

health. Young folks are more apt to at Utah State Agricultural College

the flashybe influenced by billin that indicated students 1948 born *k p radio featuringboard display and ad reared ( highest candyand in Utah the "easyto-mix"package than the eating state in the nation 2 ) have a earlier warnings of the schoolroom higher incidence of tooth decay than regarding fresh fruit, vegetables, those from other states. 3 In 193132

and milk. an American dentist, Dr. Weston

It would seem to be significant A. Price, who toured the world

that in this land of America, where looking for races of people with there are more commercial influences healthy teeth, found them in many away from wholesome food toward different places among people who the packaged, canned, refined, pickadhered to varied diets. But in his.

led, and bottled foods than any complete survey, from the Hebrides You can fill his tummy with a quickcake- cells mix. brain feed his But what will and

his disposition shopper sunny? The mustother country in the world—there Islanders northwest of Scotland to keep

is also one of the greatest research the aborigines of Australia, he noted not think only in terms of calories.

programs of all time to combat the that when people ate the natural deavor to supply a dietary standardonslaught of modern degenerative foods of their environment—both

include all availabledisease. Statistics show that the plant and animal—they were which would

death rate from cancer, heart dishealthy, but where civilization had foodstuffs most widely used and ease, and diabetes has increased begun to take over with jams and liked. Nutrition leaders have been

point to careful that out "a dietary in thissteadily jellies, since country the white pastry, bread and is indication, not only standard anturn of the century. 1 In the 1946 food, tooth decanned candy, and

Department of Health estimated cay had steadily increased, and a rule."It may be varied successthat six and a half million people in health was undermined. Native stufully, and often to advantage, by

America were suffering from rheudents in organized mission schools *Weston A. Price, Nutrition and Physical Degeneration, page 160.

*John A. and Leah D. Widtsoe, The Word of nbid.,

4. page Wisdom, 2Farm andP. 28i.Home Science, June 1949, page 15. Nutrition,BHenry pageC. Sherman,511, Chemistry of Food and

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA those who will study the rules of health and eat natural foods; for

natural foods will supply nature's combinations of vitamins and minerals in proportions best suited to utilize that food. They will also

provide those minerals known to be needed in very small amounts, as well as essential elements not yet discovered by science. Whether one

is drinking goat's milk in Switzerland, cow's milk in America, or coconut milk in the Pacific Islands, he is wise who looks to fresh, unrefined foods, both cooked and raw, for the bulk of his diet. Doing so,

he invests in health insurance that will pay dividends for a lifetime.

4woy with boiling, frying, or heating up a can of preprocessed vegetables! Preserve vitamins and minerals by baking or lowtempera-

ture steaming with little water.

Below are food groups considered essential each day. They overlap

in many cases, leaving the wise person free to eat a variety of the things he likes, so long as he eats what he should. Not all essential

minerals and vitamins are mentioned in the group analysis; when the

major ones are accounted for, the others will generally be supplied along with them.

Daily Essentials

1. Vitamin C group: (Choose

one or more daily.)

oranges tomatoes lemons tomato juice grapefruit raw cabbage limes salad greens tangerines

Vitamin C readily oxidizes on exposure to heat and air; thus, cabbage

and greens must be eaten raw to be To banish "tattletale gray,"and good sources of this vitamin. Acid always have your wash look cleaner,

fruits are a factor in tooth erosion and should be used moderately, folsmell cleaner and be cleaner, lowed by thorough rinsing of the nothing succeeds like FelsNaptha Soap.

mouth. (Continued on following page) FELSO.the AllPurpose White Detergent, is also made by FELS & CO.

MAY 1951 373

wherever lessons in Eating you go. (Continued from preceding page)

2. Vitamin A group: (Leafy

greens, green and yellow vegetables, and fruits. Choose one or more

daily.

beet greens green peppers dandelion greens okra mustard greens green peas turnip greens green string beans spinach carrots asparagus pumpkins broccoli sweet potatoes brussels sprouts squash enioy chard yams apricots papayas cantaloup peaches endive ffritos Fresh vegetables and fruits are to

age, deteriorate with foods canned * SHACKS PARTIES * PICNICS be preferred to those canned, for all freely the diet, used in and when

Fritos—crisp, crunchy Fritos—delicious anytime, anywhere! Enjoy these vitamin deficiencies are bound to

golden chips of corn at parties, with favorite beverages, at picnics, and develop. Frozen foods, not so highly

with betweenmeal snacks. Ask for Fritos at food processed and which do not deteriorate to the same extent, are better.

store or eating place. America's favorite corn chips,

sure accompanies a raw salad Make &ritosA enjoyed coast to coast! foods. the use of canned The daily

The Frito Company, Salt Lake City, Utah * Los Angeles, Calif. use of watercress, parsley, green

celery, or green leaf lettuce in salads, sandwiches, and soups will provide extra vitamins A and C, iron. the chlorophyl, and on EasyHERE'S SHAMPOO time save can paring knife! You

and vitamins by eating the peelings, too. NEWS!

T Cl*7l7 * In a ( Good3. Othersourcesfruitsof andmanyvegetables:minerals

Velvety Cream That Makes and vitamins, but considered outHair Look Like Silk standing in no one particular thing.

THAT'S ALL YOU NEED—Choose two or more daily.)

WITH THE QUICK, EASY NATURAL (a) artichokes sauerkraut Buy a regular jar, LINGUAPHONE beets white turnips

METHOD CONVERSATIONAL WORLD'S STANDARD cauliflower ( b ) apples free. get a trialsize pay, job, better more can a day 20 minutes corn avocados language another to greater opportunities meanyou—-knowinga Try bananas in busiyou're travel mushrooms pleasure. the will Whether your double

teacher, doctor, minister, small jar. ness or a effeconions blackberries to your scientist adds orprofession—missionary,student, another language

Your money back if not tiveness, broadens your cultural understanding and horizons. parsnips blueberries

the learn language a delighted with results! You're

is the too NATURAL oldyoung—-itto PHONE

English. hear andway—theLINGUAwomen cucumberspotatoes cherriesmangoes neverway—oryou toolearned same You men way

nectarines plant egg understand tongue. their native You listen—you

all It's write. amazingly read and—-youspeak pears fresh lima creamed

CONinspeak.—youWith LINGUAPHONE WORLDSTANDARD persimmons beans in leisure your study you METHOD, easy!VERSATIONAL shampoo just master: can In you minutes day time at a home. 20 pineapples leeks

with *2% Powdered Egg—any ofITALIAN—SPANISH—GERMAN—FRENCH29 languages including Oriental. radishes plums

LINGUAPHONE INSTITUTE, 6305 Reck. Plaza, N.Y. 20

practical courses easy and were made LINGUAPHONE by Foods from groups one and two linguists, educators, expert endorsed by more than 150 missionaries, schools, colleges, used by of those or replace supplement armed may services. million Choice than one homestudy of more use L B. clergymen, students. as four Mail for or more three, as long Book. Coupon TODAY group FREE

for the hair 7 languages approvedf for VETERANS'Training fruits and vegetables are eaten the dressing ILINGUAPHONE\6305 RockefellerINSTITUTEPlaza daily. Commercially canned fruit

that makes hair SEND FOR NewSendYorkme Cityyour 20,FREENewBook.York has a high sugar content, often

of glucose use higher by the made handsome... keeps language.I want to learn sweetis not very Glucose as a filler. it well groomed! FREE Name tasting; thus one eats more of it 'Address

BOOKLET, City before becoming satisfied. Yet it is

374 I Check if eligible under G.I. Bill. I THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the most readilyabsorbed sugar known and creates the danger of overworking the pancreas (which supplies insulin) by quickly throwing an overload of sugar into the blood. Dates are often glucosedipped to increase weight, as are

some other dried fruits.

4. Vitamin B group: (Whole first choice

grains—also supplying good protein, iron, vitamin E, and other essentials. Choose two or more servings daily.) for your

cracked or wholebrown rice wheat cereal wholewheat bread cracked or wholewhole-rye bread (pumpernickel) rye cereal oatmeal bread Church oatmeal Wholegrain cornrye or wholemeal wheat crackers

Freshlyground flour and cereals, where available, are preferred to those that have been chemically Among all electronic organs, the treated to improve keeping quality. Wurlitzer is the only one designed WurlitzerModelOrgan25

for ensemble without sacrificing products—also5. Calcium group:good(milksourcesand milkof terprettone. Ensembleorgan literature.is essentialAnd togiveninresponsivethe problemaction,of spaceandarea alsosolutionamongto

protein, riboflavin, etc. One pint the proper ensemble, organists can the many advantages provided.

required daily. achieveHere, desiredtoo, is thesolo onlyeffects.electronic ingForplan,a triedand andfactsprovedabout fundrais-the many

organ in its price class that includes Wurlitzer models, get in touch with milk cottage cheese crescendo pedal and combination your Wurlitzer Organ dealer. Conbuttermilk cheese pistons as standard equipment. sult your classified telephone direcskim milk goat's milk Standard dimensions and controls, tory, or write us for his name.

yogurt soy bean milk Certified raw milk, where availTHE RUDOLPH WURLITZER COMPANY, NORTH TONAWANDA, NEW YORK EXECUTIVE OFFICES, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS able, is to be preferred to pasteurized milk, but milk from a questionConsidering a Piano? More

people Wurlitzer Pianos buyable source is best pasteurized as it WURLITZERWorld's Largest Builder of Organs and Pianos of than those name. any other

may be contaminated. A 134inch Under One Great Name

cube of cheddar cheese will provide as much protein and calcium as found in a glass of milk.

6. Protein group: (also supplying

iron, calcium, vitamins A and B complex) (a) Eggs—three to five a week

(b) Other proteins—one or more servings

daily cheese nuts (peanuts, bracottage cheese zils, almonds) dried beans (soy, peanut butter lima, navy, kidmeat ney) fish lentils poultry peas

7: Butter and other fats and oils:

Food fats are essential for health and should be used daily. Fats

Lightglass. FOR like HEALTH to look GOOD oils, butter, creamture—vegetablewhich are liquid at body temperaUnbreakable.. moulded Find Berry out Brand about Genuine free. Econoise weight,

literature. for free Yeast. Write Breweryare easily dicompletely and more height. Standard nomical. (quantity plus $1.00 per postage pound,

dealer your from Order discounts available). fats othergested than are and more

5 Selection "Proper of Gives 3DSB 167ID/ fc:* Food Today OFFER SPECIAL nutritious. olive, peanut, Soybean, Health You Tomorrow."

ll trial of SI. for Mail 00

following (Concluded on page) B. postpaid. H. Berry fent Laboratories dozen one

5Adelle Davis, Vitality Through Planned Nutrition, Box 188, Montebello, Calif. BRASS GODDSO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14. Mace.

3842. pp.

MAY 1951 375 LESSONS IN EATING

(Concluded preceding page) from other products high in late, and linseed, sesame seed WHY NAILEY'S IS corn, and sugar. oils white

are recommended for daily use in salads and cooking because they 9. Beverages: THE BEST contain unsaturated fatty acids neccereal grain coffee substitutes (barley

essary for skin health. Margarine coffee)

does not take the place of butter herb teas—alfalfa, mint, oatstraw, etc.

fruit and vegetable juices8EEES7EW as a food, although it is generally fresh believed to be satisfactory. Growth The above beverages are alkalinYOU EVER TASTED

experiments with animals show butizers because of their mineral conter and soybean oil to be better tent. Cocoa and chocolate, containCHOICE LEAN BEEF foods than margarine,"and those ing the drug theobromine, are not

who must use margarine are urged beneficial to health and, when used to use vegetable oils in salads and regularly, may be definitely harmcooking. Fried foods and pastry ful. 7 The caffeine content of teaa should be avoided by those who sufand coffee is wellknown, as is that

fer from stomach distress or liver of cola drinks; caffeine is a habitGARDEN FRESH VEGETABLES trouble. Fats have more than twice forming drug, just as harmful from

the fuel value of starches or sugars, the colas as from any other source.

and overindulgence may cause Soft drinks are not encouraged benausea, especially if too little carbocause of their high sugar content, hydrate is in the diet to burn the their complete lack of vitamins and

CHEFBLENDED fat completely. minerals, and the acids used in them

GRAVY 8. Sweets and sugars: which are harmful to the teeth.

NEXT MONTH: A Daily Menu. honey—a natural sweetener, containing

small amounts of many minerals, vitamins, Bibliography and enzymes which cannot be regarded as

O/SCOVER VALLEYS... insignificantthe sugar itself.since they assist in utilizing Fitness.1. Bogert,W. Jean,B. SaundersNutritionCompany,and PhysicalNew

molasses, raw sugar, brown sugar, maple York. 1949.

Vitality 2. Davis, Adelle, Through significant containing amounts

Nutrition. Macmillan The Comsugar Planned iron, though the One BEEF STEW syrup-—allof calcium and brown

is partly refined. pany, New York. 1949.

3. Price, Weston A., Nutrition and

All sugar should be used moderPhysical Degeneration. American Academy

ately, chiefly at the end of a meal. of Applied Nutrition, Los Angeles. 1939.

Nutrition. and Food The Macmillan ComHomemade Way! Thesugarexcessivein Americauseis ofa realrefinedmenacewhiteto 4. Sherman, Henry C, Chemistry of pany, York. 1946. New

health since it contains no minerals, 5. Widtsoe, John A. and Leah D., The

vitamins, or protein; it blunts the Word of Wisdom. Deseret Book Company,

appetite and takes the place of other Salt Lake City. 1950.

food; it may ferment in the digestive Decayed,6. "UtahFilled,BornandStudentsMissing HaveTeeth Morethan

tract, and it is irritating to the Outof-state Students,"an article in Farm mucous linings of the system. Use and Home Science, Utah Agricultural

sparingly jams, jellies, candy, chocoExperiment Station, Logan, Utah, June 1949. 6Widtsoe, op. cit.. pp. 131-2, and D, T. Quigley,

The National Malnutrition, p 98. 7Widtsoe, op oil., p. 88.

HOMEMAKER'S BOOKRACK FOOD FOR LITTLE PEOPLE authoritative guide to the planning (Hazel Kepler and Elizabeth Hesser. and preparation of meals for young

Funk and Wagnalls Company, New children,compiled basedby theonNationalthe standardResearchdiet

York. 1950. 276 pages. $3.75.) Council.

HpHls book ought to be the daily guide The book includes many new ways of every mother who would like to make food more interesting, imto feed her young fry correctly but portant suggestions for sickroom diets would like it to be an interesting and and entertainment, and many bright not an arduous chore. In easyto-read ideas for parties. A summary at the

style the authors put over every lesend of each chapter listing items son in good eating, including the which "the good mother does"but

The "Meatiest"Beef Stew psychology of getting Junior to eat "the wise mother doesn't"is also an what he should eat when he should aid to selfeducation in the ways of

You Ever Tasted! eat it. At the same time, it is an child feeding. B. S.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He eame m with a rose

.and took home a bedroom to match I

IT HAPPENS EVERY DAY! The ladies FRESHMIXED, JUST FOR YOU! "AS I TOLD MRS. ARCHER...

have discovered their Murphy Dealer Murphy ColorScheme* Paints are you get more than just beautiful colis a genius with colors. Whether you customtinted just before using by ors, at no extra cost. First, a Murphy

want something really special, or if adding specially processed tube white paint or enamel is white at its you're just looking for inspiration, colors to Murphy's quality "base best—always in the can. uniform Sechis Murphy Color is treasCabinet a whites."That fresh, means true ond, colors tube Murphy are keyed

chest ure of the loveliest colors color. you can have almost You endless. to.. the white bases to blend made

.. saw. gracious, subtle tints variations basic each color, of bewith instantly them perfectly. and bold, stunning shades... in such Paints are cause Murphy not factory ever—you use When get Murphy you a that abundance is decorating a joy. tinted; is the color in not the can! finish that lives the up 'color!"....... -sxW--to,mmm

HERE'S CUSTOM COLOR WITHOUT CUSTOM COST!

No matter what your painting probWonderful virtue of the Murphy lem, Murphy has solved it with 77 system is its simplicity. One tube of

of the most stunning colors—tints, Murphy color to one can of Murphy

shades and tones—you ever laid base white gives you exactly the

eyes on... 77 basic colors you can color you selected! For darker or

variations, you simply use... have in every finish for lighter type of more or less tube color. interior or exterior use, at the cost

of ordinary paints! The Murphy Color Cabinet displays

And that's not all. You can have bigyou samplesselect colorof eachcombinationscolor and helpsthat

literally hundreds of variations of will harmonize. Look for it at your

the basic colors! Murphy Dealer's.

FOR YOUR FREE COLOR BOOKLET WRITE TO665 Dennett Road fZCMIO. Box J 109

Salt Lake City 10, UtahMurphy Paints *TradeMark

MURPHY PAINT DIVISION, INTERCHEMICAL CORP. Los Angeles Newark San Francisco Wooster, O.

MAY 1951 377

PUNCH AND COOKIES

Your Every Musical ISeed Promptly and Courteously Filled at Fruit Bars

1 cup honey 3 eggs, well beaten BEESIEY'S \Yz cups wholewheat flour MASON and HAMLIN 1 teaspoon baking powder

The Stradivari of Pianos 1 cup chopped nuts \Yi cups chopped dates KNABE 1 teaspoon vanilla The Piano of the Metropolitan Opera Rhubarb Punch Mix honey and wellbeaten eggs together. Add sifted flour and baking

EVERETT 2 pounds rhubarb powder. Then stir in chopped nuts,

The finest toned, medium 5 cups water dates, and vanilla. Spread in a long

priced spinet pianos built honey (see below) flat pan so that mixture is 34 mcn deep grapefruit juice before baking. Bake in moderate oven

CABLE - NELSON lemon juice (350 F.) for 15 to 20 minutes. Cut

Beautiful spinet pianos in 1 quart ginger ale into strips Yl inch wide and 3 inches the low priced field Cook rhubarb and water until long, and roll each piece in powdered juice. Strain mushy. measure and To sugar. Stir juice add each cup Y cup honey.

Band Instruments until dissolved, then to each cup of Filled Prune Cookies

Sheet Music mixture add Yi CUP grapefruit juice and Everything Musical and 34 CUP lemon juice. Chill. Just Filling

before serving add 1 quart ginger ale.—->—Serve with ice cubes in glasses. \Yz cups cooked prunes

1 mediumsized orange CO. BEES1EY MUSIC Orangegrape Punch 341 teaspooncup prune cinnamonjuice or water

City Salt Lake 70 South Main Phone 4-6518 UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE 1 cup orange juice 341 teaspoontablespoonsaltmelted butter juice cup lemon Yi juice Yi cup chopped walnuts 2 grape cups 2 cups water Pit the prunes and cut them into 4 tablespoons sugar small pieces. Peel the orange, cut

Mix thoroughly. Chill. Serve cold. into small pieces, and combine with THE prunes, prune juice, cinnamon, salt,

Orange Honeyade and butter. Heat the mixture to boilHISTORIC ing and let cook until thick, stirring to

2 cups orange juice prevent scorching. Remove from heat,

Yi cup lemon juice add nuts, and cool.. TRAIN Yi cup honey

Will leave August 2nd to wit- 2 cups water Cookies:

ness the great pageant at the Combine ingredients and stir well. 1 cup butter or margarine

1 32 sugar cups brown Hill Cumorah. Pourand garnishover crackedwith orangeice in tallslicesglassesand

eggs, 3 beaten cherries. 2 teaspoons vanilla Visits will be made to Independence, Nauvoo, Carthage, Kirtland, 34 cups sifted flour (3J4 cups if

Sharon, Vt. etc., as well as many HoneyPeanut Rocks wholewheat is used)

large cities, such as New York, Yi teaspoon salt

Washington D. C, etc. 1 cup shortening 3 teaspoons baking powder

cup brown sugar For complete details write XA cup honey Cream butter and sugar, add well- 2 cups flour beaten eggs, vanilla, and mix. Add

Wi teaspoons baking powd<er sifted dry ingredients and mix well.

salt Divide dough into pieces of conVIDA FOX CLAWSON Yi teaspoon milk cup roll size to venient handle, in waxed Temple. 966 E. South Salt Lake City Vi2 oatmeal cups chill. paper, place and on Then 4-2017 Phone

1 each cup of chopped peanuts and roll thin. out floured board and Cut

raisins into rounds with cookie cutters. Top

rounds should be slightly larger than

Cream shortening. Add brown sugar bottom rounds and have small slits

HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S. and honey gradually and cream well. in centers. Place lower rounds on

IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA: Add flour sifted with baking powder wellgreased cookie sheet, add a smallI

YE KINGS REST MOTEL and salt alternately with milk. Stir portion of filling, spreading nearly to

526 SOUTH 5TH STREET in oatmeal, raisins, and peanuts. Drop edges. Cover with top rounds and

Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner from teaspoon on greased cookie sheet. pinch edges of rounds together. Bake

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager Bake in slow oven (300 F.) 15 to 20 in hot oven (400 F.) 15 minutes.

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout minutes. Makes about 2J4 dozen large cookies.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Few people know antiques unless they make a study of them; yet

many people have in their possession, unloved and unvalued, objects that have an market. antique ultraplus demand in the You'll Lib It

ides were added to this, giving it a pale blue, sage green, yellow, dark blue, black, or lilac shade, depending on the oxide used.

Mrs. Taylor knows the history

of Wedgwood, which makes the pieces she has doubly precious to her. She told me about them.

It reads like a romance; one fam- ( LUMBERJACK

SUNDAE A quick, easy—and economical—summertime dessert.

'Old Dishes'May Be Antiques! JustTop pourwith chilledchoppedLumberjacknuts, if desired.Syrup overRealiceoldtimecream.

maple flavor makes your meal complete. Children

...You'll like it, too! 5u Lourtneif Lottam love a Lumberjack Sundae

Don't throw that away; that old ily has been making Wedgwood chipped plate may be a valupottery for ten generations! It was

able antique! Few people know the first Josiah Wedgwood, born in

antiques unless they make a study 1730, in England, and fifth generaof them; yet many people have in tion in the line of potters who made

their possession, unvalued and unthe greatest progress in the beauty loved, a piece of pottery, or a chair, and durability of his ware.

or other object that has an ultraPerhaps the one thing that made plus demand in this market. for success was the fact that he recMrs. Lucy Taylor of Bountiful, ognized his limitation in the matter

Utah, introduced me to Wedgwood of designing and gathered around china. She has some marvelous him the best artists of his day. It

pieces of the early Wedgwood, was under this arrangement that the along with some bone china, porceearlier "nature"patterns were crelains of various kinds, and willow ated by the Widow Warburton, ware. and later the classical Grecian

"It's a disease,"she said. "Once figurines by John Flaxman, who at

you are bitten with the 'bug,'you twelve won first prize at the Society attain absolute forgetfulness of of Arts, and at sixteen exhibited at anything else when you see a piece the Royal Academy. The most

of this china."noted of these were the "Dancing

She was holding a delft blue china Hours,""The Nine Muses,""Sacpiece in her hand, that she had taken rifice to Cupid,"and "Psyche from the table. "I was vacationing Bound and Attacked by Cupid."

on the coast, and found this set Pouring this period high interest in a tiny, outof-theway shop. I had been aroused by the excavadidn't know whether we could aftion of the "Portland Vase"from

ford it, but I couldn't leave without a tomb outside of Rome sometime securing it, so I paid a small deposit between 16251644, together with on it, mentally calculating how a sarcophagus. This vase became

Active da.lays summer nourishing. demand I'dmany days have to cut off my family of the Barberini the property

waffles breakfasts! Serve or hot cakes often it."to getvacation it for retained of ownership who delicious...with Nalley's Lumberjack

She told her husband about it over a hundred years. They eventuSyrup. Best you ever tasted!

when she got back, and he told her ally sold it to Sir William Hamilton, to send the rest of the money for it. who sold it at auction in 1786

The set is in jasper ware, but to the Duchess of Portland, hence is not made of the jasper stone we its name. The Duke placed this vase

know, which is a cryptocrystaline at the disposal of Wedgwood, who quartz. It was made by introducing experimented for four years to get

a material called "cauk,"or barium the correct color, surface and texsulphate into the clay paste in moldture. He subsequently made twenty

ing this ware. This mixture of maof these vases. This led to. the use

terials withstood a very hot fire in of the mythological Grecian gods the kiln, and took on a vitreous, or and goddesses on the pottery.

porcelainlike finish. Coloring ox- (Continued on following page)

MAY 1951 379 OLD DISHES'MAY BE ANTIQUES!

(Continued from preceding page) at plates of green with white jasper

The body of the object, whether figures, hung as pictures on the "wall.

vase or family service, was made in "This is French jasper ware,"!

solid color, and the figurines she continued, moving Over to anmolded and fired separately. The other table where she had placed

figurines were then applied by her many antiques for easy inspec- "sprigging,"a process of nailing tion* "It is similar to Wedgwood.

with hairfine nails, this design to but not so fine."

the dish. Questioned as to whether she had

We looked at other Wedgwood, been born with the collector's urge,

Jke j/altk of kJup Jather5 RICHARD L. EVANS

"\\7e live in a day when every standard of value is being challenged, and the faith of our fathers has not escaped the challenge. This may be because men have

asked too much of religion and too little of themselves.

Some may have supposed that a mere creed or code of conduct or statute of doctrines and dogmas would take the place of selfeffort and selfdiscipline. Some may

have known the law but have not lived it. Some may

not even have bothered to inform themselves concerning such things. And so perhaps we should look again at

what we may rightly expect of the principles and power

Bound Volumes of and purpose of religion and then judge its effectiveness or ineffectiveness by that formula. It should not be expected

the ERA make valuto give us ease without effort or knowledge without study able reference books. or truth without search. We should not expect it to offer

reward without work or peace without repentance or blessings without obedience or exaltation hereafter withPreserve each issue for perout justifying our existence here. The Savior of the

manent binding. world gave us some suggestion as to what we should

expect of a firm faith when he spoke of the "wise man,

A fine addition to any which built his house upon a rock: And the rain descended,

and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon library, both for value that house; and it fell not."But the house of the foolish

man was built upon the sand, "and it fell: and great was

of contents and apthe fall of it."1 The implication is plain. The floods

pearance. and the winds came alike to the wise and the foolish.

But one withstood the storm, and the other fell before it.

And in part at least and within the limits of this life, this is what we have a right to expect of religion—not that Economical it should spare us all the unwanted experiences of life,

$3.00 per volume but that it should help us to grow beyond them and prepare us for yet greater things to come. No man escapes

all the vicissitudes of life—all men have their problems

F.O.B. Salt Lake City. and troubles—but he who has isolated himself from a

(Postpaid, add 30c) firm faith finds it harder to withstand the storms, while those who have kept their lives in touch with the purposes of God and with the timeless spiritual truths are spared much of the groping uncertainty and sense of futility

DESERET NEWS PRESS and defeat.*

Jke Spoken lA/om 'from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD42 Richards St. CASTING SYSTEM, MARCH 18. 1951

Salt Lake City iMatthew*Revised. 7:2427.

38cT THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shej said she had.;She started with dioxide, and decorating it with

family heirlooms and went on from classical figurines in red, is still to thejre.;.*, be found by those interested. Per-

"I've always loved old china; it haps ft might be a vase, or perhaps a

seems like something warm and real bust, a seal, or an intaglio. By no

to me, and I cherish the pieces I means did he confine his work just have."to dishes!

She has a good collection of bone Of course, old dishes can be just china, also, which was a Wedgthat; but if there is a piece of china

wood product, although also made that is unusual, or not in present by other potters of the time. This production, it is well to keep it, and

is a creamy white and was a staple then stop in at an antique dealer's product of the time, though a true and ask whether or not it is of "bone"is rare now. value. You may have many valuThe life of Josiah Wedgwood able antiques in your home. And

reads like a story, and his medalthe value increases with age!

lions of famous persons, from kings And viewing the interesting and to ministers, give a true picture of beautiful objects she displayed to the personages of this period. The me, it was easy to see that Mrs.

pottery of black basalt, made by Taylor has a true connoisseur's love staining the body with manganese of the beautiful and rare.

BLUEPRINT FORIR TocAuEji

own makeup, even though she desires not to do so. "As he thinketh

in his heart, so is he."(Proverbs

23:7.) All the qualities of beauty are that for attained a search through is as beauty plans to beBeauty truly lovely perwhich is for That the foundation good. A was GREEN LABEL

our planning when we started son may speak words of criticism many months ago on the royal road or rebuke, but such criticism is moto beauty. First, we must decide tivated by a wholesome attitude.

where we would like to be; then we Criticism, for instance, from one's

must go to work to make our dreams family often carries less sting than come true. We began to develop that from outsiders. Why? Beour blueprint on the only foundacause in a home where love abides,

tion that will withstand the test of the true feelings of each toward the other will lessen the injury, and thetime and weather—that of right

thinking. Without that, nothing incident is soon forgotten.

girl who seeks to developelse will bring beauty—not mud The

packs, or makeup, or hair styles, charm must recognize this need to or clothes. love others. Loveliness is a quality

To think right is to see the good which grows from a desire to underWHITEaSTARin others, and no girl can be good stand and help. Confidence, poise,

looking or charming unless she does and graciousness come from a realisee good in others. A likable perzation that one is loved and gives FANCYTUM

sonality, a gracious manner, or any love in return by appreciating and other quality of charm is developed looking for the good in others. No Also Solid Pack (Fancy)

to quite an extent by observing the girl can be charming unless she does BLUB LABEL behavior of others. And if one this. Each can a choice, premium,

would learn by observation, then Someone has said that we are lightmeat tuna fillet.

she must be on the lookout for good today where our thoughts brought qualities which she would like to us, and that we will go tomorrow VAN CAMPTerminalSEA Island,FOOD CaliforniaCOMPANY, INC.

emulate. If her attention is mainly where our thoughts take us. Only

attracted toward the flaws in others, that which we plan for and work if she is resentful of their looks, for, do we receive. Only by facing

their popularity, or their success, toward our ideal, do we make progthen she will likely transmit those ress toward something more beautiflaws and that resentment into her ful than we now know.

MAY 1951 The Church Moves On GOES TWICE as YOU CAN FILE {Continued from page 310)

CHAIN CHIPPER OREGON anybody can 14 missionariesIt was announcedof thethatChinesebeforeMisthe FAR FoilFile Tooth, Because of ilj patented far ready speedy, Chain sharp, Liquid Chipper Oregon keep As Most Other a month ago, left sion Hong Kong Chain owners oil Oregon cutting. do Almost itcady It's Starches Because Install filing, cast out. time an and their save own had of the Church converts sixteen

for nearest Write loday saw. on Chain your Oregon

dealer's name. Stale saw make, bar lenglh. (Profitable been baptized. CONCENTRATED dealerships open.}

Qned—QaAt QiUVOUJt CHAIN SAW, A sacred pageant commemoratGives You EASY Starching LOGGER 16 ing the founding of the Relief BEAUTIFUL, Easy Ironing

r'<fr Mark Society was presented in the Assembly READY TO USE

Hall on Temple Square by members of Just Add Hot Or Cold Water the Temple View Stake Relief Societies.

woooojs ""-""Wicr Brigham Young University 17 won the National Invitational

Address Desk 1-5 Tournament's basketball crown by deof University Dayton the feating CORP. CHAIN OREGON SAW

at of 6243, Madi- a score ( Ohio ) by Portland 2, Oregon 8816 S. E. 17th Avenue,

son Square Gardens, New York City.

The Cougars had drawn a bye and on

March 12 defeated St. Louis (Missouri) 1 University, 7558; March 15

they defeated Seton Hall (New JerBUY sey) College, 6959. AT YOUR 1o Santa Barbara Stake organGROCERS WW

"ized from the Santa Barbara and

Las Flores districts of the California

Mission. Elder Arthur J. Godfrey

was sustained as stake president, with

Karl N. Haws and J. Milton Beck, Jr.,

as his counselors. The 2309 stake

membership comprises the following wards and branches: San Luis Obispo

Ward, Gilbert A. Hutchings, bishop;

Santa Maria Ward, David K. Bickmore, bishop; Santa Barbara Ward,

Gordon, bishop; Oxnard Ward, LynnVthe brand that brings you bishop; Ojai Burton D. Bushman,

oniij the bestotuna Ward, Frank A. Greathouse, bishop;\J Ventura Ward, William Hay, bishop;

Santa Paula Ward, James E. Leary,

bishop; Simi Valley Branch, A Russell

Bible presentations, a National group For in size, perfectCHICKEN Peterson, president; Lompoc Branch, is choice. Compact the Leland C. Stauffanson, president; Paso has 16 pages of illustrations, also coloredit

Robles Branch, Noel E. Carmack, mapsately priced.and special Bible helps. ModerMISSIONARIES, SERVICEMEN and president. Five of the wards have their No. 1 19—Flexible, overlapping covers;

ALL own chapels. This, the 184th stake of round corners; amber edges.

MEMBERS CHURCH a Latterday Saint Explain and the Church now functioning, was orinNo. red.119Rt with words of Christ printed Can You as

Defend The Doctrines of Your Church ganized under the direction of Elders For individual gift or presentation, No. 123

From the Holy Bible? Mark E. Petersen and Henry D. Moyle orcover.123RLIn color:with No.genuine124BBlack(Blue),leatherNo*

President BIBLE David I. Stoddard of the AT YOUR BOOKSTORE KNOW of the Council of the Twelve, and 125M (Maroon). 50 VITAL RELIGIOUSTHE QUESTIONS Mission. California BIBLICAL Answered by 700 QUOTATIONS

Ideal for Singlemember Families and Acting President Joseph Fielding Investigators

In harmony with teachings of L.D.S. Church Smith of the Council of the Twelve

Paper $1.00 216 Pages Cloth $1.50 dedicated the combination Spanish national bibles

B. BENJAMIN ALWARD BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION

Salt Ave. Lake City 3, Utah Fork Second Ward chapel—Palmyra 148 First

(Or Deseret Book Co.; Bookcraft) (Utah) Stake house.

San Raphael Ward, San Francisco (California) Stake, organized from branch, with Western L. Roe, bishop.

HOTEL LANKERSHIM A branch on the Indian Reservation 7th & BROADWAY organized in Millard (Utah) Stake DRINK

ROOMS WITH BATH with Alvin Englestead, president.

Double Single—$5.00 $3.50 From (Salt Lake in Grant ward new A Supper Dining Rooms and A delightful New portions organized Stake, from City) for those hot beverage IN THE VERY HEART OF coffee, drink don't R. who with of Lorraine LeRoy Ward, LOS ANGELES

Fletcher, bishop. AT YOUR GROCERS

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA o -j Helen Dorothy Lingwall ap- "* pointed to the general board of the Young Women's Mutual ImWHAT'S IN Association.provement

Sixteen teams Men basketball M their of YOUR FUTURE twentyninth tournamentbegan play, this year at the University of A NEW JOB... are you just getting ready to

Utah fieldhouse. prepare yourself for an attractive and pleasant job?

We're able to offer you intensive training in shortoffice subjects typing, other business hand, and and of the twentyninth WinnersO \ in topnotch school. only offered business a *"tourBasketball annual Men M

... in old courses your job new ADVANCEMENT Fifthnament were Logan Ward, who 2.

defeated Salt Lake City Thirtythird offerbility youin yourthe presentopportunityjob, orto theaccepttrainingmore necessaryresponsiby a 4241 score. Third place went to do parttime work in addition to your regular

to Pleasant Grove First Ward. Fourth employment.

place and the good sportsmanship MILITARY SERVICE... young men expecting to enter military service, it will pay you

trophy went to Edgehill Ward of Salt to take a few weeks of intensive L.D.S. training.

Lake City. Fifth place (consolation Free placement service for our graduates throughout their careers.

champions) are Minersville, who had SUMMER TERM STARTS JUNE 4 met Logan Fifth on the first day of Plan to attend or inquire today about the classes now open.

play. You're cordially welcome at...

Playing at Kansas City, Brigham

Young University lost a basketballgame to Washington, 8067, in the BUSINESS COLLEGE

National Collegiate Athletic Associa70 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah tion western playoffs. Earlier, the "Y"

had lost to Kansas State, 6454, after winning their opening game from San

Jose (California) State, 6861.

To see these enduringo c Farmington First and Second ""wards created from Farmington gems of the designers'

Ward, Davis (Utah) Stake, with and sculptors'inspired

Elder Lloyd Hess sustained as bishop of First Ward, and Elder Richard H. work is to realize their

Clark sustained as bishop of Second utter suitability to carWard. ry love and memory The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir

presented its third annual Easter choral through the ages.

service to an overflow audience in the historic building. The program inThe Guardian Memorial Bond is

cluded Brahms'"German Requiem"an everlasting guarantee.

and Bach's cantata, "Christ Lay in

Death's Prison."program Dark The

"-*-jONES BROS CO Richard of COPftwas narrated by L. Evans

the First Council of the Seventy. For every Monument or

Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, former umidim memorials Memorial need, see

first counselor in the presidency of the

East Cache (Utah) Stake, succeeded

President J. Howard Maughan as stake

president. Elder Clarence A. Hurren ELIAS MORRIS SONS COMPANY

Service of Years& 90 counselor from second toadvanced

Salt City East South Temple, 250 3-5715 Lake first counselor. L. Elder Eldred WaldIntermountain the Serving - West- - Phone

dron sustained as second counselor.

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council

of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of the Rexburg Second Ward, Rexburg ( Idaho ) Stake.

Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin of the Send Your Friends At Home Or Abroad

Presiding Bishopric dedicated the chapel of the Rexburg Third Ward,

Rexburg (Idaho) Stake. IMPROVEMENT

Most wards of the Church had Easter programs in their sacramentmeetings. ERST

Elder Orson Haynie, formerly second counselor to President John M. One of the great Church magazines of the world

Russon of the Los Angeles Stake, advanced to first counselor, succeeding

Elder Melvin M. Keller. Elder James $2.50 a year $3.00 foreign

C. Perkins sustained as second counselor. -,i lis

MAY 1951 383 0WL jW3s9\SiX9>>s9NN>>v3vJ> 6D;cm

Sacramento 17, California Correction and Acknowledgment

Dear Editors:

line of the source courtesy acknowledging two rare surprise pleasant a very of "Sunset"was acceptance Your the pictures in of April connection of used instalment I want you to and hoped for, even though it was know A

First California's inadvertentFarmer,"M. Horner, was "John it is appreciated.

There is no finer publication than the* Era; I have read and ly omitted. The pictures of the old Horner schoolhouse and

enjoyed it since I was a child. We have saved a great many the old adobe in Alameda Canyon appearing on pages 244

copies, for they are very useful in providing material or in and 245 were taken from the book, History of Washington supplementing lesson material for lessons in various Church Township, 1950 Edition, with the permission and cooperation classes. I have used them many times in M.I.A. or Sunday of the publishers.

School classes. Also, as with any worthwhile reading, a The Printer's Devil also permitted a regrettable error to

person doesn't always get everything out of a first, or percreep into the footnote on page 244. The Oakland newspaper

haps, even a second reading. referred to was the Oakland Tribune, the editorial section of

is called "Knave."So, again—thank you. And may I extend the very best which

of wishes to all of you Era people.

Sincerely, Magdalene S. Richardson Los Angeles 42, California

This is a sample of the Era as a missionary: I accidentally

dropped the Era in a bus driver's lap on my way to

Church when I was reaching for my fare. I explained to him

about it, and he's been a subscriber ever since. Until that time

he hadn't been in church for twenty years; now he comes

regularly.

May God continue to bless the entire department.

Sincerely, Evelyn Peach.

THE LIGHT TOUCH

Up To Dote East Haven, Connecticut at were the the boys examining Cockney Two mummies Dear Editors:

first for the time, of museum them one was and much the you for the copy of The Improvement Era which puzzledBritish exhibits. denoting the of by the labels age Thank

I found in my mail today, I am happy to have something "I wonder what those figures mean?"said Charlie, stopping

from my pen in this splendid magazine and rejoice to find before one marked B. C. 1500.

so much room given to poetry. "Mare on Holiday"is a "Silly, don't you know? That's the number of the motor

delightful page. I am flattered to find myself in such fine what run over him."

company!

I liberty even to submit, at shall and shall assume I am Duty First that of mine to something sometime, be bold hope enough might come up to the standard of some of the others in those pages. In the early days of World War I a British officer

Cordially yours, stationed in the heart of Africa received the following wireRowena Cheney less message from his superior officer:

"War declared. Arrest all enemy aliens in your district."

With commendable promptness the superior officer received

St. George, Utah this reply: "Have arrested 7 Germans, 3 Belgians, 2 FrenchDear Editors: men, 4 Italians, 1 Austrian, and 1 American. Please say

love the poetry page and turn aagerly to it as soon as the with whom we are at war."

I Improvement Era is in my hands.

With best wishes that it may become a better magazine Safety First yearly.

Mrs. Hilda V. Cameron. Two snowyhaired old ladies, jouncing along in an antiquated automobile through Yonkers, made an illegal turn.

Salt Lake City, Utah The traffic cop had to blow his whistle vigorously and reDear Editors: peatedly before they came to a stop.

whistle, asked. "Didn't lady?"hear he you my this paintin old is art beautiful much world—famous There little innocent, at him. the lady looked Wideeyed and etc., artists, fine later of photography, ings works and

flirt I said, driving."indeed,""but while she "Yes, never

I simplest of the admired. and seen of which Some have much grin, on. the cop a them amazed waved With latest art that of the pieces of beautiful. are the most One

has attracted my attention is the cover picture of the March 1951 issue of The Improvement Era. Proof of the Pudding

We admire all the covers of The Improvement Era and enjoy the splendid messages contained therein. Many thanks Two men on a fishing trip came to a side road with a

to the editors for their efforts and what they are accomplish- "Closed"sign blocking it. However, they noted that fresh

ing. May you continue successfully to assist our great tire tracks led around the sign. But they had gone no more

Church in carrying on the principles of the everlasting gospel than a half mile when the road really did end. Only thing

of Jesus Christ. to do was to turn around and come back.

Very sincerely, On passing the road block again, they found this inscription

Mrs. Jos. W. Bambrough written on the reverse side: "It really was closed, wasn't it?"

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MAKE NEWS AND HISTORYHooks Large type easy to read BOOK OF MORMON..$3.00

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS AND PEARL OF GREAT PRICE $3.00

All Threein-One Bible paper, gold edges, leather lined and leather bound

Deluxe Edition-$12.00

SERMONS AND MISSIONARY DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS

SERVICES OF MELVIN J. BALLARD COMMENTARY

By Bryant S. Hinckley The text of the Doctrine and Covenants ex-

$2.75 plained in historical background. Newly revised. 922 pages.

A MARVELOUS WORK AND $5.00

A WONDER By LeGrand Richards OUTLINES OF ECCLESIASTICAL $1.75 HISTORY

PROPHECY AND MODERN TIMES By B. H. Roberts

By Cleone Skousen The history of the Church of Jesus Christ in ancient times, its decline during the Dark Ages, $1.75 the preparation of the world for the Restoration.

Special Price Increase Announcement:

DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH

The basic source book of church history in seven volumes.

Seven volumes $12:00 until June 1, 1951

thereafter $15.00

Single volumes 1 to 6—$1.75

thereafter $2.50 per volume.

All orders received before June 1, 1951 will be honored at special, lower price.

Increasing production and distribution costs made increase necessary.

NOW YOU TWO ARE ONE HYMN BOOKS

By Lucille Nelson Attractive book for the newly married, suggestSenior $1.50 each $15.00 doz.

ing attitudes which build enduring respect, and Junior $1.25 each $12.00 doz.

happiness. $2.00 Names imprinted $1.50 a dozen extra.

All prices are subject to change without notice.

Our complete price list sent on request.

DESERET Official Publisher and DistributorBOOKfor the Church ofCOMPANYJesus Christ of Latterday Saints 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah - -In Tribute In tribute to the inspired counsel, the warm friendship, and the capable leadership of thereat man who served as our President for the past six years, we humbly and reverently dedicate this message.

The personal credo of President <George Albert Smith, by which he lived and served his fellow men, inspired confidence in his counsel and sincere love for him as a man and as a leader of men.

May we emulate his example, following the way he so clearly charted.

wMMi mmm*

BENEFICIAL LIFE

insurance Company

Salt Lake City, Utah