President Loren

1 1 1 1 tttttltini'

/ Top to bottom: R, WayBeShut

/ Lynn McKinlay, D. Chris Poulos,

Roy Doxey, Ivan J. Barrett, Steve

Govey, Elaine Cannon.

BYU brings the world to your doorstep!

Ever since Brigham Young University began calling Education Week is coming to your community:

the world its campus, BYU leaders have literally ARIZONA SOUTHWEST WESTERN CANADIAN Twin Falls, July 15,16,17 been dropping out of the sky. On places like Snowflake. Las Vegas, June 1,3,4 Edmonton, June 15,17,18 Burley, July 18,19,20

Calgary, Mesa, June 20,21,22 June 6,7,8 NORTHERN CALIFORNIA for Atlanta. This Denver. Modesto. summer,

Lethbridge, Scottsdale, June 24,25,26 June 10,1 1,12 Sacramento, July 8,9,10 its will finest instance, off drop talent—some Phoenix, June BYU 13,14,15 Oakland, July 11,12,13 EAST WASHINGTON CENTRAL

El Paso, June 17,18,19 Alto, July 15,16,17 Moses Lake, 54 instructors—in communities June 125 from

Snowflake, June 22,24,25 Richland, June 20,21,22 17,18,19 SOUTHERNPalo CALIFORNIA to Palo Alto. Pittsburgh Albuquerque, August Fernando, San July 22,23,24 24,26,27 Spokane, 24,25,26 June

Glendale, July 25,26,27 COLORADO PACIFIC NORTHWEST is it's all Education about. Santa 31 July what Monica, 29,30 Week A powerful Denver, June 6,7,8 Klamath Medford, June 15,17 East Beach, Long 1,2,3 August of inspiration (and package downto-earth Tacoma, June20,21,22 EASTERN Anaheim, August 5,6,7

Seattle, Washington, D.C., June 24,25.26 June 1,3,4 largest private Covina, West America's August 8,9,10 from knowhow)

Atlanta, June 6,7,8 Diego, San July IDAHO 8,9 in a scientific Religious world. Pittsburgh, university. values 10,11 June 6,7,8 June Rexburg, Riverside, July 12,13

Music in the home. Propaganda and public UTAH Idaho Falls, June 10,11,12 Rialto, July 15,16

pressure. Latterday Saint principles. Heroines SugarBYU ProgramHouse, SJuneL, June11,12,13.146,7,8 Pocatello,Preston, JuneJune6,7,813,14,15 SantaSanta Maria,Barbara.JulyJuly22,2317,18

of the Church. In fact, scores of Ogden, June 11,12,13 Blackfoot, June 10,11,12 Fresno, July 26,27

Montpelier, July 29,30 June 13,14,15 Modesto., June 20,21,22 subjects to live by, serve by, improve by. JordanDowntownValley,S L August COLONIABoise, July 8,9,10 8,9,10 JUAREZ

For you. At your doorstep. Logan, September 3,4,5 Ontario - Weiser, July 11,12,13 October 17,18,19

BYU EDUCATION WEEKS

The World Theme for 1968 is our Campus The Voice of the Church May 1968

Cover Note Special Features 2 Editor's Page, The Gospel Is Our Anchor, David 0. McKay

Reproductions of color portraits 4 Burn the Book, Don Vincent di Francesca of the four brethren who received 8 Four Sustained to New Callings, Jay M. Todd

new assignments among the Gen12 Is Censorship the Answer? Dr. M. Dallas Burnett

15 Evils of Obscene Materials, J. Edgar Hoover

eral Authorities at April confer18 Sketches on the Papyri Backings, Dr. T. Edgar Lyon

ence make up our cover. The 47 Good Thoughts, John Randolph Stidman

photographs were taken by Saan's 50 A Letter to Mother, William T. Sykes

54 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 2, May We See Your

Studio in Salt Lake City. See addiCredentials? Dr. Hugh Nibley

tional photographs and stories on 58 Extra Salaries, Dr. Quinn G. McKay

62 Cultural and Spiritual Influences of the Bible, Robert J. Matthews

pages 8-11.

Regular Features

30 Teaching: Uncommon Teaching of the Common, Don F. Colvin

48 The LDS Scene 52 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Parents,

John H. Vandenberg

60 Lest We Forget: The Manti Temple, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

68 Today's Family: A Mother Ten Feet Tall, Florence B. Pinnock

71 Home, Sweet Home 72 Buffs and Rebuffs 74 The Church Moves On 77 These Times: The British Cutback, Dr. G. Homer Durham

80 End of an Era 51, 66, 73, 75 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth 3346 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 24 Firstling of the Flock, Amy Hillyard Jensen 16, 28, 51, 74 Poetry

DavidEleanorEra of 0.YouthKnowles.McKayAssociateaddWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,LRalphEvans.EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L, Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock.Price.Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist,FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd.

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager:S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith.B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors,Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

of Saints, Latterday Superintendent, of Young Association The by the Mutual and Improvement Men'sof of of Christ reserved.Christ Latterday Associations MutualGeneral Jesus a The Improvement Subscription advance: 1968,$3.00 price;price, years, Churchyears, multiple threeyear subscriptions, the Allyearof year. a for single to year,publishedcopy, $5.75, 3 $8.25; inexcept each succeeding $2.50Satnts.Church 2 35 rightsJesusadded

issues. special Associations Mutual Improvement Priesthood Official Quorums, organ of

for of Salt Office, class special matter. in section the mailing Utah, Lake at at for rate Acceptance second as Entered provided 1103, postage and School System, Church Committee. Music Committee.the Teaching City,2, act July authorized Post1917. 1918. October Saints. Latter of day Christ of of Church otherHome agencies Jesus The

is for paid contributions. responsible Manuscripts for are ofImprovement not but manuscripts acceptance on and The welcomes must be

for sufficientEra delivery postage by accompanied unsolicitedand slip for of a of Thirty notice include issue required ordering please recent address. the change, magazine. address from days'return.When Address

well is old the included. as unless as address thechange new cannot changes be aone ismade City, Era, Salt State, Utah Improvement The Lake South 84111 79

May 1968 The Gospel IsOurAnchor

The Editor's Page By President David O. McKay

Members of the Church are admonished to acdiscovered truths pertaining to geology and natural quire truth by study, and also by faith and prayer, science; but if he has not with this knowledge that

and to seek after everything that is virtuous, lovely, nobility of soul which prompts him to deal justly with of good report, or praiseworthy. his fellowmen, to practice virtue and holiness in his

Indeed, one of the fundamental teachings of the personal life, he is not a truly educated man.

Church is that salvation itself depends upon knowlThe development of character is the aim of true edge, for, as we are told through revelation, "It is education; and science, history, and literature are but

impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance"(D&C means used to accomplish this desired end. Character

131:6), and again, "... if a person gains more knowlis not developed as the result of chance; it comes as

edge and intelligence in this life through his diligence a result of continuous right thinking and right and obedience than another, he will have so much acting.

the advantage in the world to come."(D&C 130:19.) True education seeks, then, to make men and women

Insinuations made to the young who are yet unnot only good mathematicians, proficient linguists, decided as to what are the most important things in profound scientists, or brilliant literary lights, but life may shake the faith of youth, and "youth without also men who are honest, who have virtue, temperfaith is as day without sun."ance, and brotherly love—men and women who prize

Schools and churches should radiate the fact that truth, justice, wisdom, benevolence, and selfcontrol there are in life certain fundamentals that never as the choicest acquisitions of a successful life.

change and that are essential to the happiness of every The Latterday Saints are a people of strong conhuman soul. victions; and convictions of the truth are the strongest,

Parents and officers in the Church must teach more most potent forces in the world. It has been truly said

earnestly and diligently the principles of life and salvathat no historic event is so important as the advent of tion to the youth of Zion and to the world in order to a conviction of a new truth.

help youth keep in proper balance through the formaIf I were to couch in definite terms two of the most tive period of their lives. potent convictions in the hearts of the Latterday

Gaining knowledge is one thing, and applying it, Saints, I would name: first, an abiding assurance that

quite another. Wisdom is the right application of the gospel as taught by the Redeemer when he lived

knowledge, and true education—the education for among men, and which was later modified, changed,

which the Church stands—is the application of knowland corrupted by men, has been restored by the Reedge to the development of a noble and Godlike deemer in its purity and fullness; and second, a concharacter. viction in the heart of every member of this Church

A man may possess a profound knowledge of history that the responsibility rests upon the membership of and of mathematics; he may be an authority in psythe Church to preach the restored gospel to every

chology, biology, or astronomy; he may know all the nation, kindred, tongue, and people.

Improvement Era

There always have been, in every dispensation, have rejoiced time and time again, while visiting with opportunities for men and women to receive the good members from different parts of the Church, and with news—the gospel of Jesus Christ—and the prophets people from different places in the world, to hear them

who have been in tune with the Infinite and who heard talk about the great things with which God has blessed first and directly that good news have had imposed their area, and they sometimes take time to enumerate upon them the responsibility to convey the gospel to them. They have a spirit of contentment about them.

their fellowmen, that those who are concerned with And it is good.

the things of the world might receive the glad message, But we must always see the whole picture of what and be brought into the environment of peace, harsurrounds us. We must always recognize the good for

mony, and goodwill. In this dispensation, that same what it is, and the evil must also be so recognized.

responsibility has been given to man. Then we must take the high stand of right, remember-

I sometimes think that in our minds we put off the ing that the gospel of Jesus Christ is one of glad responsibility of giving that message. That is, if we tidings. Preach it, live it in your acts. We can always

are called as missionaries abroad, we feel it our duty take the higher stand of truth, the stand of the gospel, to proclaim the glad message to the world.- If we are and we must.

called to preside in an organization, or in a branch, or The gospel is our anchor. We know what it stands

in a quorum, then we feel it our duty to give the good for. If we live it and feel it, and if we speak well

news to those over whom we preside. We wait until of it, of the priesthood, of the Church authorities, and

some special opportunity is given to proclaim the of our neighbors, we shall feel happier ourselves, and gospel of Jesus Christ, and yet the duty devolves upon we shall be preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ.

us to proclaim that good news every day of our lives. Everyone can do this. It is possible. God has not asked

We proclaim the gospel in our acts—in the home, us to do it and then deprived us of the power necessary

in business, in social circles, in politics; everywhere to accomplish it.

that we mingle with men we have the responsibility To you young people who are working away from resting upon us to give the good news to the people home and parents, to you who may enter college this of the world. fall, and to you whose chosen vocations or obligations

I do not mean that we must formally preach the have already taken you to the various places of the doctrine under all these circumstances, but I do mean earth, I would say: Stay close to the Church; find

that in our lives, in our conversations, we can bear the activity in it. Stay close to the Lord. Go to him in

gospel message to the people of the world. prayer each morning and evening. Ask him to guide

One of the best ways of building up our home, be you and bless you in what you are doing. He is your

it a domicile, a city, a state, or a nation, is to always great source of strength. His promises are great, and

speak well of that home, city, state, or nation. Let the are fulfilled to his sons and daughters who make themtongue be under control and speak well of the home. I selves worthy of them.

May 1968 was born September 23, 1888, in the town of As I walked down Broadway, the strong wind from

Gratteri, province of Palermo, Sicily, a son of Joseph the open sea blew cold against me, so I held my head

D. and Marianne D. Maria Francesca. On February down and turned my face away from the wind. It

22, 1892, my mother passed away; and with my brother was then I saw what appeared to be a book lying

Antonine and my sister Josephine. T went to live with on top of an open barrel of ashes, set there to be

my mother's parents. picked up by the garbage collection wagon. The form

When I was seven years of age, I attended elemenof the pages and the manner in which they were bound tary school. My grandfather, wishing that I might gave me the impression that it was a religious book.

receive training of a religious nature, arranged for me Curious, I picked up the book and knocked it against to be taught by his cousin, Vincent Serio. I was so the side of the barrel to shake the ashes from its

successful in developing the art of reading scripture pages. The book was written in the English language.

that by the time I was 11 years of age my teacher I looked for the frontispiece, but it had been torn praised me well, saying that I was blessed to have away.

such a great gift. As I stood there with the book in my hands, the

In November 1900, I was permitted to enroll in a fury of the wind turned the pages, and one by one, high school run by a religious order, and I studied the names Nephi, Mosiah, Alma, Moroni, and Isaiah religion there until 1905. Meanwhile, my brother appeared before my eyes. Since the cold wind was

Antonine, who had emigrated to New York City, bitter, I hurriedly wrapped the soiled book in a invited me to come to America. So, at 17 years of age, newspaper and continued my journey.

I sailed from Naples, arriving in New York on October At the parish house I gave a few words of comfort 12, 1905. There I met a friend of my brother, Ariel to my colleague Scarillo and agreed to the services

Debellon, a pastor of the Italian branch of one of the he requested of me during his illness. As I walked

Protestant churches, who engaged me as a teacher to back to my own lodgings, my mind dwelt on the book serve members of his congregation. He was so imin my hand and the strange names I had read. Who

pressed with my gift in reading the scriptures that were these men? Who was this prophet Isaiah? Was

he suggested I attend Knox College in New York he the one I had read about in the Bible, or was he

City. I followed his advice and received my degree some other Isaiah?

in religion November 24, 1909. Back in my room I carefully turned the torn pages

As I think back over the events of my life leading and came to the words of Isaiah, which I read most up to a cold morning in Februaiy 1910, I cannot carefully. What could be the name of the church that

escape the feeling that God had been mindful of my taught such doctrine in words so easily understood?

existence. That morning the caretaker of the Italian The cover of the book and the title page were missing.

chapel delivered a note to me from the pastor, advis- I read the declaration of witnesses in the opening ing me he was ill in bed and asking me to come to pages and was strongly impressed by the strength of his house, as he had important matters to discuss with their testimonies, but there was no other clue to the me regarding the affairs of the parish. book's identity.

...

f-.nrjkt'.---*:.-.--.*

IPpw* I purchased some alcohol and cotton from the drugwas of the devil, since it was the cause of so much store beneath my lodgings and began cleaning the trouble and had destroyed the harmony of the pastoral soiled pages. Then for several hours I read what was brothers. I replied by giving my witness that the book

written in the book. When I had read chapter ten of they asked me to burn was the word of God, but

the book of Moroni, I locked the door of my room; because of the missing pages I did not know the name

and with the book held in my hands, I knelt down of the church that had brought forth the book. I

and asked Cod, the Eternal Father, in the name of declared that if I were to burn the book, I would his Son Jesus Christ, to tell me if the book was of displease God. I would rather go out of the congregaGod. As I prayed, I felt my body becoming cold. tion of the church than offend him. When I had so

Then my heart began to pound, and a feeling of stated, the president of the council ended the discuswarmth and gladness came over me and filled me sion, stating the council would decide on the matter with such joy that I cannot find words to express. later.

I knew that the words of the book came from God. It was not until 1914 that I was once again brought

I continued my services in the parish, but my before the council. The vice venerable spoke in a

preaching was tinged with the new words I had found friendly tone, suggesting that the sharp words of the in the book. The members of my congregation were committee members at the previous hearing may have

so interested in my words that they became dissatisprovoked me, which was regrettable, since they all fied with the sermons of my colleagues, and they loved me and were mindful of the valuable assistance asked them why they did not preach the sweet argu- I had always so freely given. However, he said, I

ments of Don Vincent. This was the beginning of must remember that obedience—complete and absolute

troubles for me. When members began leaving the—is the rule. The long suffering of the members, to

chapel during the sermons of my colleagues and rewhom I had continued to preach falsehoods, had come mained when I occupied the pulpit, my colleagues to an end, and I must burn the book.

became angry with me. In reply, I stated I could not deny the words of

The beginning of real discord began Christmas eve, the book nor would I burn it, since in doing so I 1910. In my sermon that evening, I told the story of would offend God. I said I looked forward with joy

the birth and mission of Jesus Christ as given in my to the time when the church to which the book new book. When I had finished, some of my belonged would be made known to me and I would

colleagues, without any shadow of shame, publicly become a part of it. At this, the vice venerable cried,

contradicted all I had said. The absurdities of their "Enough! Enough!"He then read the decision that

assertions so upset me that I openly rebelled against had been made by the council: I was to be stripped

them. They denounced me and turned me over to the of my position as a pastor of the church and of every

committee of censure for disciplinary action. right and privilege I had previously enjoyed.

When I appeared before this committee, the memThree weeks later I was called before the supreme bers gave me what was supposed to be fatherly advice. synod. After giving me an opportunity to retract my

They counseled me to burn the book, which they said previous statements, which I refused to do, the synod

t4

eBooi

Don Vincesh

|MM||Mi [llustranofi mm

confirmed the judgment of the council. I was thus had the truth in the Book of Mormon, I once again

completely cut off from the body of the church. told the story of Christ's appearance to the people of

In November 1914, I was called into the Italian the land described there, and that Christ had said, army and sent to the Port of Naples. I saw action in "That other sheep I have which are not of this fold;

France, where I experienced all of the sadness and them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice;

suffering associated with the battles of World War I. and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd."(3 Ne.

Remembering the lessons of the book I had read, I 15:17.) When they asked me where I had learned

related to some of the men in my company the story such teachings, I told them of the book I had found.

of the people of Amnion—how they refused to shed The story was sweet to them but very bitter for my

the blood of their brothers and buried their arms colleague. He reported me to the synod, and once

rather than be guilty of so great crimes. The chapagain their previous judgment was confirmed, and I

lain reported me to the colonel, and the next day I was cut off from the church forever. Soon after, I

was escorted to the colonel's office. He asked me to returned to Italy.

tell him the story I had related to the soldiers, as it is In May 1930, while I was seeking in a French recorded in the twentyfourth chapter of Alma. Then dictionary for some information, I suddenly saw the

he asked me how I had come into possession of the entry "Mormon."I read the words carefully and

book, and why I retained a book written in the found that a Mormon Church had been established

English language and published by an unnamed in 1830 and that this church operated a university at church. I received as punishment a tenday sentence Provo, Utah. I wrote to the president of the university

on bread and water, with the order that I was to at Provo, asking for information about the book and speak no more of the book and its stories. its missing pages. I received an answer two weeks

After the end of the war I returned to New York, later, and was told that my letter had been passed on where I met an old friend who was a pastor of my to the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of former church and who knew the history of my Latterday Saints and that he would inform me about troubles. He felt I had been unfairly dealt with, and the book with the missing pages, which book did

he began interceding for me with members of the indeed belong to the Mormon Church.

synod. I was finally admitted to the congregation as On June 16, 1930, President Heber J. Grant an-

a lay member. As an experiment, it was agreed that swered my letter and sent a copy of the Book of

I should accompany one of the pastors on a mission Mormon, which had been translated into the Italian to New Zealand and to Australia. language in 1852 by President Lorenzo Snow while he

In Sydney, Australia, we met some Italian immiwas a missionary. President Grant informed me that

grants who asked questions about the errors in the Elder John A. Widtsoe was president of the Church's

translations of the Bible as published by the Catholic European Mission, with headquarters in Liverpool,

Church. They were not satisfied with the answers England, and he would give my request to him. A

given by my companion, and he became angry with few days later, Elder Widtsoe wrote to me from them. Then they asked me about it, and, knowing I Liverpool and sent me a pamphlet that contained the

story of the Prophet Joseph Smith, telling of the gold preached the gospel of the dispensation of the fulness plates and the coming forth of the Book of Mormon. of times. I had copies of the standard works, and I

At long last I had learned the rest of the story begun translated chapters into Italian and sent them to so long ago when, guided by the hand of God, I acquaintances with the greeting: "Good day. The

found the torn book lying on top of a barrel of ashes morning breaks—Jehovah speaks!"

on a street in New York City. On February 13, 1949, I resumed correspondence

On June 5, 1932, Elder Widtsoe came to Naples to with Elder Widtsoe at Church headquarters in Salt baptize me, but a revolution between the Fascists Lake City. Elder Widtsoe answered my letter October

and antiFascists on the island of Sicily had broken 3, 1950, explaining that he had been in Norway. I

out, and the police at Palermo refused permission for sent him a long letter in reply in which I asked him me to leave the island. I was thus denied a chance to help me to be quickly baptized, because I felt

for baptism at that time. that I had proven myself to be a faithful son and pure

The following year Elder Widtsoe asked me to servant of God, observing the laws and commandtranslate the Joseph Smith pamphlet into Italian and ments of his kingdom. Elder Widtsoe asked President

to have 1,000 copies published. I took my translation Samuel E. Bringhurst of the Swiss Mission if he would

to a printer, Joseph Gussio, who took the material go to Sicily to baptize me. On January 18, 1951,

to the Catholic bishop of the diocese of Cefalu. The President Bringhurst arrived on the island, and I was

bishop ordered the printer to destroy the material. baptized at Imerese, Province of Palermo. According

I brought suit against the printer, but all I received to the records of the Church, this was apparently the from the court was an order to him to return the first baptism performed on the Island of Sicily. Then

original booklet, which he had thrown into some on April 28, 1956, I entered the temple at Bern, waste paper in a cellar. Switzerland, and received my endowments.

When Elder Widtsoe was released as president of At last, to be in the presence of my Heavenly the mission in 1934, I started correspondence with Father! I felt I had now proved faithful in my second

Elder Joseph F. Merrill, who had succeeded him. He estate, after having searched for and found the true

put my name on the mailing list for the Millennial Church by means of an unknown book that I found

Star, which I received until 1940 when the subscripso many years ago, lying on an open barrel of ashes tion was stopped because of World War II. In Januin the city of New York. O

ary 1937, Elder Richard R. Lyman, successor to

President Merrill, wrote to me, advising me that he and Elder Hugh B. Brown would be in Rome on a

certain day and I could meet them there and be Elder Don Vincent di Francesca died November 18, baptized. The letter was delayed because of war 1966, at Gesta Grdtten (Palmero), Italy, in the province

conditions, and I did not receive it in time. of his birth, after a lifetime search for the true gospel

From then until 1949, I was cut off from all news of Jesus Christ.

of the Church, but I remained a faithful follower and

Family of President Alvin R. Dyer: Front

Gloria Dyer Klein and infant Danny, David and Steven Klein, Sister Dyer, President

Dyer, Carol Lynn Smith Dyer and daughter

Alisyn, Brent R. Dyer; back—C. Reed Klein,

Mark Klein.wl

Family of Elder Marion D. Hanks: Elder Hanks, Sister Hanks, and

Richard, front; Mary, Ann, Nancy, and Susan, back.

Family of President Hartman Rector, Jr.: Daniel, Sister Rector, John,

and Lila, front; Linda, Kathryn, and Laura, back. Insert J. Kirk.

JjQLLX

(i'BSIfc'WBJW hnstfB 'IljijiiW "twipr"TftgSWwWS'

1**%. # Family of President Loren C. Dunn: Sister Dunn, Kimberly, Kevin, and lira

President Dunn.

St/ /a?/ M. Todd

Editorial Associate

Members of the Church attending the 138th Annual

General Conference in April sustained four men to new positions among the General Authorities. Elder

Alvin R. Dyer, an apostle, was sustained as a counselor in the First Presidency; Elder Marion D. Hanks

of the First Council of the Seventy was sustained as an

Improvement Era

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve; and Elder rics and on two high councils. Following his four

Hartman Rector, Jr., of Fairfax, Virginia, and Elder years as mission president, he was sustained as first

Loren Charles Dunn of Natick, Massachusetts, were assistant in the YMMIA general superintendency, and called to the First Council of the Seventy. on October 11, 1958, he was called as an Assistant to

the Council of the Twelve. He served as European

Mission president from 1960 to 1962.

A close friend describes him as "a dynamic, wellorganized, and highly spiritual man of God. He has

dedicated his life to building up the Church. He is a

President Alvin R. real career missionary, with the spirit of a hunter for

Dyer has come to his finding and bringing souls into the kingdom, and has new position after a the gift and power to imbue others in this sacred lifetime of dedication to cause.

priesthood responsibili- "His keen, enthusiastic, inspirational leadership as ties and leadership. Born president of the European Mission and his indefaJanuary 1, 1903, in Salt tigable labors created a tremendous upsurge in the

Lake City, President success of missionary work throughout Europe. His

Dyer grew to manhood instructive bulletins to missionaries, frequent conin a worthy Latterday ference sessions, inspiring talks, wise and experienced

Saint home with 12 counsel, and warm, encouraging, personal interviews brothers and sisters. "I with each missionary brought astounding results. He

loved and respected my gave to the missionaries the stirring challenge to parents very much,"he recently recalled. "My 'testify by the Spirit,'and inspired them to know that

father was part of the Old West now faded and gone. the only effective way to teach the gospel is by the

As a child, he was stolen from a pioneer wagon train voice of conviction'in testimony led by the power of by wellmeaning Indians who left six ponies tied to the Spirit. He entreated missionaries to live so that

a wagon wheel to pay for him. But he lived to become they would merit the companionship of the Spirit,

a great friend and counselor to the Indians in the and to be fearless in bearing testimony. His watchWest, where his life was spent. As a boy he had the word to the missionaries was 'Immanual—God

job of lighting 36 gas lamps each night on Salt Lake with us!'"

City's Main Street. He loved horses, and at the age On October 5, 1967, Elder Dyer was ordained an

of 16 he herded cattle from the Salt Lake Valley to apostle. In his new position, his deep spirituality and

the Snake River in Idaho; he became a locomotive strong leadership will bless the entire Church.

fireman when 18 years old and an engineer at 20;

the latter became his life's work."For nearly 15 years

President Dyer attended schools in Salt Lake City, Elder Marion D. Hanks

particularly distinguishing himself in sports, and then has been a member of the filled a mission in the Eastern States, where he became First Council of the an area leader and participated in the 1923 Hill Seventy. He was susCumorah Pageant, perhaps the first year such a tained in that position in

program was presented there. October 1953. During

In 1926 he married May Elizabeth Jackson in the those 15 years he has disSalt Lake Temple. They are the parents of two tinguished himself as a

children, Gloria May (Mrs. Reed Klein) and Brent, great counselor of youth,

who is married to the former Carol Lynn Smith. There and has marked himself

are now five grandchildren. as one with deep insight

For eight years President Dyer was a sheet metal and courage, both of which have seen application on worker; he then managed a heating and air condi- a wideranging number of problems. He is a popular

tioning department for a builder's supply firm before speaker among civic groups throughout the nation, organizing a successful distributing company in 1949. and will continue to make a remarkable contribution

At the time of his call to preside over the Central to the Church as editor of the Era of Youth.

States Mission in 1954, he had served in three bishopBorn October 13, 1921, in Salt Lake City, Elder

May 1968 Hanks was two years old when his father died. He parents of boys he had met while in Vietnam under

and his six brothers and sisters were reared by a his OrientHawaii mission assignment. He has been

widowed mother. A childhood friend recalls a scene actively involved in mental health, United Fund drives,

from Elder Hanks'youth that reflects the nature of Scouting, ParentTeacher Asociation work, the Presihis mother's teachings and the pattern of his own dent's Physical Fitness Committee (under President life: "I can still see him walking up Center Street, Dwight D. Eisenhower), and as a delegate twice to

carrying a box of groceries on his shoulder, delivering the Strategic War College at Carlisle Barracks, where them to someone who seemed to need them worse his participation and prayers are remembered by other than his own widowed mother's hardpressed family."delegates. He has truly reaped the respect and love

In addition to strong shoulders, he apparently also of countless thousands who have been privileged to developed nimble fingers—as a young man he won know him personally or to know of him.

the state marble championship. This same athletic

prowess followed him throughout his high school and The two new members of the First Council of the early collegiate years; in fact, today Elder Hanks is Seventy bring very contrasting backgrounds and an

regarded as a highly competitive handball player. impressive array of accomplishments to their new

His college basketball coach has said he was the best assignments: one, Elder Hartman Rector, Jr., is a confreshman basketball prospect he had seen at the vert of 16 years, and the other, Elder Loren C. Dunn,

University of Utah. But he declined a scholarship in is a son of a stake president.

order to fulfill a Northern States mission. Since becoming a deacon years earlier, he had stayed up past Elder Hartman Rector,

midnight many a night to read Shakespeare and the Jr., now 43 years old, has

standard works of the Church. been serving for five years

During World War II he served aboard a submarine as the senior president of chaser in the Pacific, and following the war he atthe 542nd quorum of sevtended the University of Utah and was graduated in enty in the Potomac Stake, law. But instead of practicing law, he served with and is program and budget

the Church's seminary and institute system until he analyst in the Office of was called to the First Council of the Seventy. He Budget and Finance of the

still continues to teach an institute class, which is often U.S. Department of Agrias crowded as a stake conference session. His greatest culture. He was born Aujoy, he insists, is to assist and encourage people in gust 20, 1924, at Moberly, Missouri, a son of Hartman

their search for enlightenment and truth. and Vivian Fay Garvin Rector, and was raised on a

Elder Hanks married Maxine Christens en, and they farm near Moberly, where he was graduated from have five children: Susan Gay, 17; Nancy Marie, 16; high school and junior college. In 1947, after fulAnn Elizabeth, 14; Mary Linda, 11; and Richard filling a term as a naval aviator, he married Constance

Duff, 8. Kirk Daniel of Moberly and became a Missouri

"There is a remarkable kind of magnetism about farmer until he was called into active duty during

Duff, as he is affectionately called by friends,"says the Korean conflict. He remained on active duty

a close friend. "Among his associates, entire evenings until 1958. It was during the Korean campaign that

have been spent exchanging what have come to be he met MacDonald Johnson, a faithful Latterday known as 'Duff Hanks'stories—items about his goodSaint serviceman who introduced the gospel to him.

will, his graciousness, his humor, his discernment, his On an early spring day, March 25, 1952, in about keen mind, his good deeds."30degree weather, Hartman Rector, Jr., was baptized

Many a quiet battle he has fought to bring peace on the outskirts of Tokyo, Japan. His conversion well

among workers. Many a courageous stand he has symbolizes the untold good accomplished by thoutaken to insure fair judgment of a person or a problem. sands of faithful Latterday Saint servicemen who

Another acquaintance notes, "He gives of himself have shared gospel principles with buddies and and his goods freely and without remembering. He acquaintances. Sister Rector was also baptized in

bought me a suit for my mission when he needed one March 1952.

himself. I'll never forget him."His rare gift of caring During his military career (he is a captain in the

enough to do something recently prompted him to Naval Reserve), Elder Rector studied at colleges and dictate more than 400 personal letters to wives and universities in Kentucky, Minnesota, Georgia, and

10 Improvement Era California. Following the Korean conflict, he became 1949 to 1953 Elder Dunn attended Brigham Young

a field review staff officer for the U.S. Department University (graduating in journalism), where he was

of Agriculture. a member of the basketball team that won the 1951

His activities in the Church have been varied and National Invitational Tournament in New York City.

rich in experience: Sunday School teacher, four years; The squad also toured South America. He then fulward MIA superintendent, two years; stake missionary, filled a mission in Australia, where he was a counselor

four years (during which time he baptized 47 perto the mission president. The next two years he comsons); Washington Stake mission president, one year; pleted his military obligation in the U.S. Army and

stake MIA superintendent, three years; and ward served in Europe.

seminary teacher and president of the 542nd quorum After returning home, he became editor of his of seventy at the present time. father's newspaper in 1958. In 1959 he married Sharon

Sister Rector is presently serving as second counLongden, daughter of Elder John Longden, Assistant selor in the Potomac Stake Relief Society presidency. to the Council of the Twelve, and LaRue Carr LongBecause of their love for Church books, the Rectors den. They have two children: Kevin, 7, and Kimberhave operated the Millennial Bookstore out of their ly, 2. In 1961 Elder Dunn left the family newspaper

home for some years and have contributed the profits and went east to Boston University, where he reto Church projects. They have seven children: Joel ceived his master's degree in public relations in 1966.

Kirk, 19, serving in the South Brazilian Mission; He served as assistant director of public relations for

Kathryn Garvin, 17; Laura Constance, 16; Linda the Herald Tribune Fresh Air Fund in New York City,

Marie, 14; Daniel Hartman, 11; Lila, 6; John Marcus, 2. and in 1963 he assumed his present position with the

Recalling his conversion, Elder Rector said, "How New England Council. Elder Dunn, now 37 years

did I get interested in the gospel? I've looked for the old, is a director of the Boston Rotary Club, chairman

truth all my life. I used to pray, and I guess I've of the East District, Algonquin Council of Boy Scouts

prayed this same prayer a thousand times, 'Dear Lord, of America, guest lecturer at Boston University School please lead me to the truth. Please show me the of Communications, and member of several press and

truth!'That's all I've ever called it, and all I ever public relations professional associations. He has

really call the Church—the truth. I'm like Will served as LDS servicemen's group leader, Explorer

Rogers. He said, 'All I know is what I read in the post adviser, superintendent of New England States

newspapers'—well, all I know that is worthwhile is Mission MIA, and a counselor in a ward elders quorum

what I've learned since joining the Church."presidency. Sister Dunn is currently serving as presiIn calling him to the First Council of the Seventy, dent of the Boston Stake YWMIA.

President McKay said, "I want you to know that the A great motivating factor in Elder Dunn's life has

Lord loves you, and so do we."Thus, a man who was been his father. "To me, my father was the greatest

baptized 11 months after President McKay became man I have ever known. He taught me—while busy

President of the Church now joins President McKay himself—that it is not necessarily how much time yon

and other General Authorities in the promulgation of spend with your family, but how you do it that leaves [hat truth to all mankind. the greatest influence. Through little comments and

personal ways, he let it be known that he was deeply

Elder Loren C. Dunn concerned with us. I especially remember the great

has served for four years as emphasis put on family prayer in our home, and the first counselor in the New atmosphere it created. When President McKay

England States Mission called me to this position, he gave me the challenge presidency, and is director to fulfill the calling in a manner that would be in of communication for the keeping with what my father would want me to do,

New England Council for and that's enough of a challenge for a lifetime. It is

Economic Development, a very great honor to serve this Church in any headquartered in Boston. capacity, and it is an especially humbling experience

Born June 12, 1930, he to become involved as one of the General Authorities."

is a son of the late Alex F.

Dunn and of Carol Horsfall Dunn. His father was The Era congratulates all four men on their new

stake president of Tooele Stake for 20 years and callings and is confident that their future service will publisher of the Tooele TranscriptBulletin. From be of immense good to the Church and to mankind.

May 1968 11 Posed by Charley Lloyd, Lon Gibby, and Rickey Langenheim of Laguna Beach, California.

IsCens

By Dr. M. Dallas Burnett

Photo by Robert Perine

The word censorship sounds like a fingernail scraping across a chalkboard.

Censors are associated with the Star

Chamber of seventeenth century England. They remind us of the tyranny

of Hitler and of modern dictatorships, such as Spain, Portugal, Red China, and the Soviet Union.

In the United States an attempt was made to eliminate the censor and censorship through the First Amendment to the Constitution, which says in part, "Congress shall make no law... [forbidding] freedom of speech, or of the

press."Censorship, however, is not unknown in the United States. It has

been used during time of war, and the

Supreme Court has allowed cities and states to precensor motion pictures under very special conditions.

But with the current flood of obscene, lewd, and degenerate material that is so readily available to youngsters, is it possible that parents who are concerned for their children may need to advocate some form of legal censorship?

The question is posed with great hesitation. I am a journalist, teacher,

and Latterday Saint. That background

demands a commitment to freedom and liberty. Censorship is historically a

tool of tyranny. It is my reluctant

conclusion, however, that in this country we have finally reached the point where the machinery of the state must be used to protect our youth from those who would exploit sex in books, movies, and magazines. Too many

homes have lost control, willingly or unwillingly, of their youngsters'reading

Improvement Era

orship tlieAnswer?

and viewing habits. pelled to protect under the First examination of the case and could

Increasingly the laws that make obAmendment, but should we not do withdraw the license of the offending scenity a federal, state, or local offense something to keep it from the youngindividual.

have become relatively ineffective. The sters? Just before the law went into effect,

highest tribunal in the land has conCensorship is a hard word. There are it was challenged in Federal District

sistently taken a dim view of local some who would soften the sound by Court by a Salt Lake City magazine obscenity convictions—finding in many talking about "youth protection"or distributor. He complained that the law

instances that the material viewed as "classification."Let's not gloss it over. violated the freedom of the press

obscene in the local community is not Whatever the phrase, we are talking guaranteed in the first and fourteenth obscene by federal standards. about some form of censorship of amendments to the Constitution. An

This unwillingness to accept some material for youth. The proposal should injunction was granted.

local determination as to whether be examined in that light. Provo authorities had passed their

material is obscene or not was repeated It might be well to look at the legal law with great gusto and at the first in May 1967 when the Supreme Court possibilities and problems before indication of a challenge promised a reversed an Arkansas decision that had wrestling with the philosophical aspects fight all the way to the Supreme Court.

found several men's magazines unfit of this idea. Provo, Utah, furnishes a There was a change of heart, however,

for sale. When the court accepted the good starting point. Provo is the home and just before the case was to be

case for review, it agreed to look into of Brigham Young University, and its heard in Federal District Court, Provo the matter of allowing the states to population of approximately 42,000 repealed the law and passed two other establish their own standards of persons is over 80 percent Latterday ordinances.

obscenity. This was an approach that Saint. In 1966 the Provo City CommisThe new ordinances dealt with

had previously been advocated by sion passed what was called a youth movies and printed material separately.

Justice John Marshall Harlan. In its protection ordinance. The law required More importantly, the new laws elimidecision, however, the court did not that all motion picture theater operanated the licensing provisions and also

even discuss this question, which tors and all vendors of magazines and any method of challenging the classifisuggests that it will continue to decide books designate material that was cation of material made by the news obscenity on the basis of a liberal unfit for youth. In this case, a youth vendor or theater operator. The original

"national"standard. was anyone under the age of 18. Once law had also left the classification up

If the court proceeds on its present a publication or movie had been so to the seller, but there was a method course, and there is no reason to bedesignated, the vendor or operator of questioning whether his classificalieve it will not, prosecutions in cities became subject to a misdemeanor tion had been appropriate. Under the

and states of anything but hardcore charge if he allowed an underage new laws, everything was left in the pornography will likely fail in the end. person to buy a magazine or attend the hands of the seller. His decision as to

This brings us back to the question motion picture. An attempt was made whether something was obscene or not

of what to do. It may be that now is in the law to define what might be was the final word.

the time to consider censorship of considered unfit for youth, and the law A complaint was also brought materials going into the hands of those further provided that any ten citizens against the two new ordinances by the under 18 unless there is parental apcould complain that material had been same Salt Lake City magazine distribuproval. Let the adults consume the improperly classified. Upon complaint, tor, but the court this time refused to

filth that the Supreme Court feels imthe city commission could make an grant an injunction against enforcement of the law. The case, which was

Dr. Dallas Burnett, Orem (Utah) Twentyninth Ward elders quorum president filed in mid1966 against the two laws,

and associate professor of communications at Brigham Young University, is has never come to trial and likely never a former magazine editor who is intimately aware of the importance of freewill.

of expression. dom

Although the final Provo ordinances

May 1968 13 "Society may find itself unable even to teach morality."

were toothless tigers, there is a purpose the Provo approach is only a step in Supreme Court would uphold a propto regulate statute designed drawn in discussing them. First, there was a the direction of what must eventually erly

so long material as obscene to children psychological factor here that cannot be done to solve this problem. It is as the legislation does not have the

of adults to a level of reducing be discounted. The first ordinance becoming more and more apparent that effect

fit for children. consumption The

never really went into effect, yet most the youth protection law is the only motion picture classification statute of the magazine sellers in the city comreal answer. However, any successful presentsof protectinga primechildrenexamplewithoutof a meansappreplied with it by taking many of the youth protection law must have teeth ciably restricting adults."

"girlie"-type magazines off the open in it. Putting movie house owners and

stands and placing them behind the magazine dealers "on their honor"is In addition to the Dallas case, the counters where they were no longer not the answer, unfortunately. high court will also decide the constiavailable to browsing youngsters. This To be more precise, we are calling tutionality of a New York State law that

action represented a classification of attention to a legal concept called makes it illegal to sell a magazine conthe magazines as "unfit"for youth. variable obscenity, as contrasted with taining a picture of a nude person to

And even with the passage of the two constant obscenity. There are some inanyone under the age of 17.

new ordinances, which offered no legal dications that the Supreme Court of the Further, the Supreme Court said in threat at all to the dealers, most newsUnited States may give its blessing to the Arkansas decision cited earlier: "In

stands continued to keep such magathe idea that materials that are not none of the cases was there a claim zines behind the counter. obscene for adults may be obscene for that the statute in question reflected a

A second significant point in the youngsters. This is not a particularly specific and limited state concern for

Provo experiment is that it was preconsistent moral or religious philosjuveniles."All of this points to the hope

cipitated in the first place by concerned ophy, of course, but it may very well that the Supreme Court is prepared to citizens. A few people who had been be the last legal hope in the battle accept the youth protection law con-

"shocked"by some movies shown against a declining moral standard. cept.

locally organized themselves in an There are several reasons for believThere is no purpose in spelling out attempt to bring about greater public ing that the high court may give legal in detail how these laws should read.

awareness of the prevalence of obsanction to this idea of variable obIt is sufficient to make plain that cities scenity and nearobscenity in motion scenity. In the first instance, Dallas, and states may be given the legal gopictures and magazines. The culminaTexas, has a law that provides for ahead to tighten the lid on the sort of

tion of this effort was the Utah County classifying movies as to their fitness for things that may be sold and shown to

Council for Better Movies and Literashowing to youngsters under 16. Under young people.

ture, which in turn encouraged the the Dallas ordinance, the classification Is censorship the answer? Is the

passage of Provo's first ordinance. is made by a cityappointed board—in problem serious enough to take a step

Over one thousand persons attended a essence, a censorship board. This that involves the government in a remeeting sponsored by the council prior particular law was found constitutional sponsibility that is basically parental?

to the passage of the Provo law. There by the United States Fifth Circuit Court Reluctantly, I say yes.

can be little doubt that this impressed of Appeals in 1966. The case has been Too many parents in our society have

the city commission. appealed to the Supreme Court and abdicated their responsibility. Someone

Genuine citizen concern is absolutely will be decided sometime this year. In or something must protect these unessential in fighting pornography, but the opinion of the Circuit Court, the protected youngsters. In fact, the

at the same time it must be recognized Supreme Court has already suggested protective parents even need help. It

that obscenity is not at all easy to and accepted the variable obscenity is traditional to argue that morals define. Overzealousness can lead to concept in previous decisions. The cannot be legislated, but the society

"witch hunting,"which may be just as Circuit Court judge wrote: that doesn't make a try at it, at least

evil as the pornography itself. "The acceptance of this variable for its children, may find itself unable

The suggestion here, then, is that obscenity approach indicates that the even to teach morality. O

14 Improvement Era J. Edgar Hoover,

FBI director,

writes about the Evils of Obscene Materials

The publication and sale of our principles of conduct and it is not surprising to note that obscene material is BIG business decency deteriorate? Are we forforcible rape in 1966 increased 10

in America today. Degenerate sex saking the simple teachings of percent over the 1965 total, a

pictures and pornographic literaright over wrong and good over violation occurring every 21 minture, covertly peddled and sold in bad? utes. Since 1960, forcible rape

most cities and communities, net Let us look about us. In the has increased 50 percent.

greedy smut merchants millions publishing, theatrical, and enterObviously, all that is being of dollars annually. tainment fields, are the good, done to combat the sale and trafIt is impossible to estimate the enlightening, and educational fic in obscene materials in the

amount of harm to impressionable qualities of their products being nation is not enough. Sound and

teenagers and to assess the volovershadowed by too much emworkable laws are needed, and ume of sex crimes attributable to phasis on obscenity, vulgarity, where they do exist, they should pornography, but its influence is incest, and homosexuality? Many be vigorously enforced. Since

extensive. Sexual violence is inpeople believe this to be true. But many courts seem to judge obcreasing at an alarming pace. the legitimate productions of these scenity on the basis of the mora!

Many parents are deeply conmedia are rather mild when comstandards in the community, the cerned about conditions whichpared with the hardcore pornogpublic has a vital role in upgrading involve young boys and girls in sex raphy flooding the country in the the level of community morality.

parties and illicit relations. While forms of films, ''playing"cards, When obscene material is discovthere is no official yardstick with "comic"books, paperbacks, and ered, it should be exposed and

which to measure accurately the pictures. Such filth in the hands citizens should complain to proper

reasons for increases in any of young people and curious authorities. When pornography is

criminal violation, we must face adolescents does untold damage received in the mails, postal aureality. Pornography, in all its and leads to disastrous consethorities should be advised. Citiforms, is one major cause of sex quences. zens should come forward and

crimes, sexual aberrations, and Police officials who have discooperate in the prosecution of perversions. cussed this critical problem with the offenders.

Is our society becoming so me unequivocally state that lewd Obscene material is indeed wicked that we are turning from and obscene material plays a evil, but it is not a necessary evil.

virtue and integrity to immorality motivating role in sexual violence. If the illicit profits in pornography

and degradation? Are we becomIn case after case, the sex criminal were replaced with stiff punishing morally bankrupt and letting has on his person or in his possesments for the filth purveyors, this

sion pornographic literature or evil would be brought under (Reprinted by Bulletin. Enforcement permission from the FBI pictures. Under these conditions, control. Ohaw

"In case after case, the sex criminal

has on his person pornographic literature."

May 1968 15

On Hill Climbing By Enola Chamberlin

Hurriedly she climbed the hill,

Notbody—that she needed exercise of

Care of her house, her children, her man, Gave her that—

But because She needed exercise of spirit.

She needed to break away, Needed the challenge, The excitement Of doing something Not to be experienced In her dayby-day Her commonplace living Of life.And she found that though holy scRiptimes

On the far side distance and far places Beckoned her,;aihts

The sight of her house, now only 29.

Snug beneath the elms, The love for her children, And her man, Here is a magnificent volume that will become a family a treasure of sacred scripture to be enjoyed forDrew her back down the hill, heirloom—

Her hill of adventure, generations. Ruggedly bound in top grain cowhide and printed

Much, much faster than she had in large easyto-read type on high quality paper, this volume climbed it. has been made to last. It is illustrated throughout with paintings by the masters—in full and glorious color.

Additionally the volume contains many scriptural study aids such as Bible Maps, a Concordance, a Combination Reference to the Four Standard Works, and many special informative features. There is also a genealogical section with space for

vital family records and family history.

THE HOLY BIBLE THE BOOK OF MORMON

THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

I a holy scRiptimes

NOW AVAILABLE FOR $29.95!

(To order: Use coupon 8 on other Deseret Book Company advertisement)

16 Improvement Era FROM DESERET BOOKNew Books & Records

THERE'S ALWAYS MOTHER $2.95

Tig by Caroline Eyring Miner WITNESSES A delightful new collection of prose, poetry, wit, and wisdom—especially

for mothers. This colorful gift publication will make an ideal surprise for

THERE'S any mother on Mother's Day, or on a birthday or other giftgiving occasion.

ALWAYS GLIMPSES OF A MORMON FAMILY $3.95

MflTtiER Hereby Francesis a delightfulGrant biographyBennett by a daughter of the late President Heber

J. Grant, whose husband is Utah's senior senator, Wallace F. Bennett.

This intimate, personal glimpse into the lives of the Grants and the Bennetts will provide fascinating reading for all those interested in these two outstanding families.

MORMON WITNESSES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON $2.95

FAMILY by Preston Nibley This important volume, out of print for some time, has been reissued in an attractive new edition. Here in book form have been collected the

known facts pertaining to the lives and experiences of the eleven witnesses to the authenticity of the Book of Mormon, not one of whom ever denied his testimony.

Deseret Book of the Month Bonus Value for May RecnK for Fam Listen**.

- T UunufcGi WHO AM I?

by Alvin R. Dyer

:ata<!!y| ammcA waft

Reg. $4.95, NOW, FOR MAY ONLY $3.69.

A saving of $1.26

Who Am I? is a thoughtful, scholarly examination of the purpose of earth life that portrays the necessity of the gospel to perfect the s THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR'S

whole man and prepare him for the glory of GREATEST HITS - Vol. II

eternity. Dynamic reading! Includes Londonderry Air, Beautiful Dreamer, Land of Hope and

Glory, Dixie, Battle Cry of Freedom. With the Philadelphia Orch.

6 ANCIENT AMERICA SPEAKS Vol I. Nephi and the Plates of Brass. The Book of Mormon in

dramatic settings, recorded by fine voices, to enhance reading and

Every month Deseret Book Company will choose a bookof-themonth to be its BONUS VALUE study of this important scripture. Not a simple text reading.

for that month. Important LDS best sellers will be available to you at substantial savings 7 INSTANT INSANITY DRUGS

over the regular price—this is a great way to build your LDS home library. Watch for these Here are the facts about drugs in the USA today. A frightening

in traffic of those who specials each month—mail orders will be shipped postage paid! indictment

... the of drugs the odious philosophy pervertingLSD mystique.young minds with

Order here DESERET BOOK COMP, or 777 South Main StreeUOri

Please send items circled 8. Hoi; separate adj

Items 5. 6. 7. require 20 postage for eac Item 8. is sent postage paid. Heseret cost of purchase $ Total COMPANY Book

ordering from Salt Lake; OR 5% sales Thistax frommustCaliforniainclude ZresidentslA% salesorderingtax fromfromUtahOrange.resiMALL dents 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD

SALT LAKE CITY Paid by check [J Money order fj Charge established account 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN NAME 777 CALIFORNIA ST., ORANGE, SO. MAIN

ADDRESS

CITY...STATE

Mm Km i*

May 1968 The second sheet of "House of the Lord"calls for five side windows.

Sketches on papyri backings resemble floor and building plans of Kirtland Temple.

Reprinted from Architectural Forum, CopyImprovement Era 1 i * H 1 V [ t J L I 5 t < 1 I O H 1-T f IODB P L 1 right March 1936, Urban America, Inc.

u

fl; MX X

ij\> III B-R. Sketches appear to be /// A-R. The f/oor p/an is a/so X/-R. This may be the corner of

p/an for temple in Jackson County. re/ated to the Kirtland Temple. temp/e; choir box, audience pews.

The Sketches By Dr. T. Edgar Lyon

on"the Papyri Backings hen Michael Chandler's Egyptian mummies were first brought to w:Kirtland, Ohio, in July 1835, there

were "four human figures, together with some rolls of papyrus...."(Documentary History of the Church,

and were referred to as "the curiosities."

Because of too much handling, subjection to fluctuating temperatures and humidity, and the hardships of travel as the Saints moved westward, parts

Jefferson of inevitably papyri cracked, the fragile fragments 'is*-/lbiWkkfiff*/"lAKEPoin.s.ill.wnloughby"KirtlandChardon ASHTABULA probably chipped the rolls one or off, and more of

broke into pieces. Perhaps at Kirtland, but it could

SANDUSKY"|lll i Fremont [iiS,""""in Cortlan<l. at have Missouri been or | Nauvoo, Aurora c someone o T "O CUYAHOGA SUM ""i. uHr,arn B'ta< GMflTI"J ol Wnrrnn Marrtuaou,>MarH V Green Sprs BEllevue? SnarDnw,,grren 6 Obftlin liliC'

rmricfc MonrMville to pasting attempted LORAIN the preserve manuscripts by I—""', oFaLe3Vinstlu Newtonindhsm W"e Hubbard HilM * Follva'o Cuyahoga I HURON MedinaA FailsARovenno Beach, Munroe AkrnnVr.

Willard paper. the Prophet on It could have been them CraigYoung*townt4igostrjth#r,,<'TOU u<'. Gri

1 '1 mMb pLaliBmore PORTAGE Plymouthd> i—| Canlr (St*""SevilliowadiwDcij. Poland |

tonSSSSi lionI Barberton SalemO g West Ci tnn likely, or, close Joseph Smith, to him RICHLAND (man more i someone MAHONING o >oa 1 'c'.jn-.'ii J-'I Shelby

whom he directed to do the pasting. What was the

Shaded area represents maps on papyri. source of the backing paper?

Probably in the early 1830's some as yet unidentified Latterday Saint architect or builder drew two or

Dr. T. Edgar Lyon, research historian of Nauvoo more floor plans for a large building. These early

Restoration Incorporated and associate director of the

Institute of Religion adjacent to the University of Utah, drafts lacked dimensional measurements and were is a former Netherlands Mission president and the drawn almost devoid of window and door openings.

author of numerous courses of study for the Church. It appears the designer did not have sheets of paper

May 1968 19 titled "House of theOne drawing-—found in the Church Historian's office—is

sufficiently large to accommodate the entire floor would be the eastwest aisles; (2) the number

plan, so he drew portions on more than one sheet 4's would be the transverse choir box pews facing and then pasted them together to present the entire toward the small box pews that are listed as the numdrawing, using other sheets to form the backing. ber 6's and the pulpits; (3) the number 7's would

Modifications and improvements were made in the be the narrow stairways leading to the pulpits; (4)

design of this large structure, and more detailed the number 5's would be the nine circular pulpits drawings were made. The less detailed drawings at each end, and the lower pulpit area; (5) the

were discarded but preserved for other uses, as number 8's and the number 9's would be the paper was relatively expensive a century and a transept aisles.

quarter ago. When those who decided to preserve

the deteriorating papyri fragments sought something on which to mount them, they used these unft* detailed drawings for the backing, cutting them into irregular sizes, perhaps comparable to the fragments they were intended to protect.

Of the eleven papyri fragments that the Church ys acquired in November 1967, the ones numbered

III A, III B, and XI (these are the identifying numbers used in the February Era) have sections of what VI appear to be the earlier drawings, referred to above, on their reverse sides. (The letter "R,"attached to

the February numbering system, will identify the reverse side of any particular fragment. Thus, the

Additional plan is by Frederick G.Williams. Note nine side windows.

reverse sides of III A, III B, and XI will be identified as III A-R, III B-R, and Xl-R.) Between the pulpits are the longer boxpews in

An examination of papyri fragments I and XI the center, with shorter ones between the aisles and indicates there are drawings also on the front sides the exterior walls. (Movable benches in all the

to which the papyrus fragments were pasted. (Numpews on the main floor made it possible for the

ber XI, therefore, has drawings on both sides of the occupants to face either pulpit as occasion debacking paper.) If all the portions of these drawings manded.) Double lines on the drawings indicate

were used in mounting the papyri, then there are the places at which the painted canvas curtains some pieces of the papyri missing, because all of (veils), lowered from rollers on the ceiling, would the segments of the floor plan are not with the divide the hall into small areas for special meetings.

papyri acquired last November. All of these items appear to be similar to the KirtTo the observant inquirer, a question naturally land Temple with one exception. These drawings

arises: What building did these sketches depict? provide for 14 rows of boxpews on the floor level,

Most people who have visited the Kirtland Temple whereas there are only ten in the building at Kirtland.

are probably impressed by the four tiers of pulpits Of direct bearing to these sketches are two original at the east and west ends; each of the upper three ink drawings in the Church Historian's Office. Both

levels has three semicircular pulpits, and boxpews drawings are of the projected temple to be conat each side face the pulpits at right angles. A comstructed in Jackson County, Missouri, one bearing

parison of the fragmentary floor plan drawings from the designation "House of the Lord for the Presithe mounting paper of the papyri, when pieced todency."One, which appears to be the older of the

gether, could indicate the following aspects of the two, is drawn on thin paper approximately 15 by

Kirtland Temple: The numerals inked on III A-R, 21 1/2 inches and has a floor plan almost identical

III B-R, and Xl-R probably mean (1) the number 3's to that which can be reconstructed from the drawings

20 Improvement Era Lord for the Presidency."

on the papyri backings, even to the drop leaf table plans. He had done much building in New York

in front of one of the bottom pulpits. Quite detailed State, owned a set of simple drafting pens and

measurements are given for the main hall (77 by 61 equipment, and was capable of making the drawfeet), the pulpit areas, boxpews, and aisles. The ings. Reynolds Cahoon, who had been converted in

side elevation shows only five windows in the strucOctober 1830 by Parley P. Pratt at his residence

ture in each wall, and there are 14 rows of boxpews near Kirtland, had limited building experience, on the main floor. which probably was a factor in his appointment as

The second drawing, more mechanically accurate one of the threeman building committee for the and more neatly done than the one just described, Kirtland Temple.

As strange as it may seem today, at the time the.*> temples for Jackson County, Kirtland, and Nauvoo

were planned, the need for a qualified architect was of secondary importance. There were few

trained architects outside the major urban centers.

Most buildings were designed by "practical builders,"such as Brigham Young. It must be remembered

that the early temples contained no central heating '*\ or mechanical ventilation, no electric circuits, no plumbing, and no elevators. Hence no advanced

planning was needed, as in the twentieth century building, to conceal these modern conveniences in walls and partitions.

At that time architectural knowledge concerning

Williams'plan also appears related to proposed Jackson temple. stresses, strains, thrusts, and similar mechanical

bears the name of Frederick G. Williams, a member problems was quite unknown among builders

of the First Presidency of the Church at Kirtland, as outside urban communities. With a general diin many cases it though he had executed it. His floor plan was mensional plan in mind—and

essentially the same, except for the correction of an was in the mind of the builder and not on paper, error concerning the extension of an aisle into the or it might have been sketched on a planed scrap elevated pulpit area at one end, and the placing of of lumber—the builders laid a massive foundation,

nine rather than five windows in the side elevation often without a footing but which practical experiof each of the two floors. ence had taught them would support any eventualities

From a comparative examination of these two to which the building might be subjected. At Kirtoriginal drawings with the fragmentary sketches from land, and tater at Nauvoo, a building committee of

the papyri, it seems that all four of them are related practical laymen commenced the actual construction and are various stages in the development of plans of the temples before an architect had been for the temple that was to be constructed in Jackson employed.

County, Missouri. When building the Kirtland Temple, the builders

There has not been sufficient study done on the made some modifications of the plans for the temple handwriting of early Church members to ascertain in Zion. They retained the basic design of the

who might have drawn the plans for the "House of floor plan but made its measurements conform to the Lord for the Presidency,"except the one bearing the dimensions given in D&C 94:4. This shortened

the name of President Williams. Brigham Young the length and narrowed the width of the building,

was a member of the Church after April 14, 1832, with the result that there was space only for ten and if the plans were drawn subsequent to that date, rows of boxpews on the main floor. Six windows

he might have been the draftsman on some of these were placed in the side walls on each floor. An

May 1968 21 The drawings seem to have been for the temple at Jackson County, Missouri.

additional drop leaf sacrament table was also added Moses Cleaveland [sic] went west in 1796 to to the lower pulpit at one end. supervise the disposition of these lands for the

A visit to the Kirtland Temple allows the interConnecticut Land Company. The city he helped

ested visitor to see, in slightly smaller form and found, Cleveland, became the cultural, financial, beauty, the floor and pulpit plans, the aisles, the industrial, and maritime center of the area. Western

boxpew arrangements, and the plan for the veils Reserve University at Cleveland is one of the few that could be lowered to divide the hall into sections, survivals that perpetuate this once important name.

as these were envisioned by Joseph Smith for the In 1800 Connecticut agreed to have its Western temple in Zion that was never built. The drawings Reserve included in the newly organized Territory of

on the back of the papyri recently acquired by the

Church apparently represent a stage in the development of the plan for the first temple the Lord commanded the Saints to build in this dispensation of the fulness of times.

TheMaps anthe Papyri Backings

When King Charles II of England granted a charter to the "Connecticut River Towns"in 1662, he fixed the north and south boundaries of the colony by parallels, but extended its western boundary to the "South Seas."By the geography of that day, its

western boundary would be the Pacific Ocean.

Charles II, however, was not geographically careful 'End View East"of Williams'plan closely resembles Kirtland Temple.

when giving away American lands—he gave both the Ohio as Trumbull County. As the population grew,

Duke of York (New York colony) and William Penn it was eventually divided into 14 counties.

(the colony of Pennsylvania) portions of the region During the 1820's a newly established religious already given to Connecticut, but he placed western movement, whose members were expectantly awaitlimits on them. Connecticut then claimed the land ing the "restoration of the Primitive Church"and

westward from these colonies as a "Western Rewho called themselves Reformed Baptists, but who serve"for its expanding population. King James were more commonly known as Campbellites, were

at an earlier date had given a charter to Virginia, highly successful in making converts on the Western and its indefinite wording also gave Virginia a claim Reserve. Sidney Rigdon, a former Baptist preacher

to the land beyond the western limit of Pennsylvania. at Pittsburgh, was sent there as a supervisor of a

Following the American Revolution, the new federal number of their congregations. From his home stagovernment persuaded the various states to renounce tion at Mentor, Ohio, he exercised direction over the

their conflicting claims to western lands, as stated congregations at Hyrum, Thompson, Kirtland, and in their charters, and to cede them to the national other associated communities. Parley P. Pratt and

government. In 1786 Connecticut ceded all its Orson Hyde were both preachers for this Reformed

western land claims except an irregularly shaped Baptist movement in Ohio.

quadrilateral commencing near presentday ConIn October 1830, three months after Parley P.

neaut, Ohio, on Lake Erie, running south along the Pratt was converted to the Church, the ProphetPennsylvania border to approximately Youngstown, Joseph Smith called him to return on a mission to thence west to the vicinity of Willard, and north to his Campbellite friends on the Western Reserve and

Port Clinton on Lake Erie. This was then officially to proclaim the restoration of the gospel. Accomrecognized as Connecticut's Western Reserve. panied by Ziba Peterson, Peter Whitmer, Jr., and

22 Improvement Era Oliver Cowdery, he journeyed westward to Mentor, over to the agents of the Church at Kirtland in exwhere Sidney Rigdon was soon converted. Within change for land at Nauvoo and vicinity.

a few weeks hundreds of Campbellites were conThe drawings, identified as ll-R and IV-R, to which verted, and in less than a year more than a thouthe papyri had been pasted apparently after the rolls sand converts were made. This acceptance of the were beginning to fall apart from too much handling,

gospel by inhabitants of the Western Reserve, plus were a map of the Western Reserve, with a few exthe opposition that faced the Church in New York tensions, where many hundreds of Saints had homes

State, was instrumental in transference of Church and farms.

headquarters to Kirtland, Ohio, early in 1831. The lines that are shown on the map indicate the

boundaries of the sixmile square townships, as they would have appeared when the entire Western Reserve was Trumbull County, but without the county divisions as they existed during the Mormon settlement in Ohio.

It is not possible at the present state of research to date this old map or to determine who drew it, who used it, or for what purpose it was drawn. It

JL Jt i 1 might well be a very old map of the Western Reserve, dating back to the time when it was all Trumbull

County, and hence had none of the later county boundaries. It could have been used by a missionary, circuit rider, revivalist, district superintendent,

county overseer, tax collector, or assessor, each of

Williams'"West End View"was altered some in Kirtland Temple. whom made reports on the basis of townships.

After the location of the western Zion in Jackson In those days, when transportation was slow,

County, Missouri, in 1831, many of the Saints on the communication no faster than a horsedrawn vehicle

Western Reserve migrated there and entered into the or sailing boat, and travel very difficult, it was quite law of consecration and stewardship. (See D&C 42.) common for people to be more conscious of their

If the migrants were not able to sell their property township locations than they were of larger county in Ohio, they deeded it to the bishop of the Church designations. (This condition is true even today in

at Kirtland and were given certificates verifying their some parts of New England, New York, Ohio, Inconsecrations, which Bishop Partridge in Zion then diana, and Illinois.) The situation was aggravated

honored by giving them a stewardship in Missouri. in Ohio by one county eventually evolving into 14

(See D&C 72 for an example of this arrangement.) counties as the population increased, and the county

It was thus necessary that the Church authorities boundaries were constantly shifting as new counties have land maps of the Western Reserve to facilitate were organized. The township designations were

the transfer of title and deeds to property of the much more stable than the county names, and departing Saints. property outside of incorporated towns was also

Although the Lord had revealed in 1831 that he described on deed records by the township.

would only retain a "strong hand"in Kirtland for This map might have been a contemporary map five years (D&C 64:21), the Saints constructed their used by Sidney Rigdon, Parley P. Pratt, Orson Hyde,

first temple there, established some industries, Lyman Wight, or other Latterday Saint leaders in added subdivisions, and acquired and farmed thoutheir activities. Or it might have served Bishop

sands of acres. Even after the settlement at Nauvoo, Newell K. Whitney in the transfer of property as

many Saints were still residing in the Kirtland Saints departed for Missouri to live under the law of vicinity; they were then urged to turn their property consecration and stewardship in Zion. O

May 1968 23 "Jennie, I'm sorry.

I really didn't know."

He reached for my trembling chin ':,. and raised it. "Come on now,

little sis. Give me

a smile."

It's late, and the house and the children are settling down for sleep. Even Paul, who in the months since

his father's death has quietly filled the evenings with his presence, has gone to bed, quarterly exams at the university ahead of him.

I sit with the lamp turned low, remembering this afternoon in the bishop's office. We talked together

about a mission for Paul, and now I wonder: could

he have guessed what was really in my heart? I said

all the right things. "It will have to be his decision,

Bishop. We'll talk it over and pray about it."But

inside I was crying out rebelliously, No! It's too soon!

I've never said "no"before. It's always been "yes"

or "I'll try."We could somehow manage financially,

it would be wonderful for Paul. But what wouldW* and

Susan and Billy and Joe do without their adored older brother? And where does a mother find the strength

Amy Hillyard Jensen, mother of eight children, is an active Relief Society worker in the Bellevue (Washington)

First Ward. A parttime writer, she used the background

of the Pacific Northwest for the setting of this story.

Firstling the k Flock

\'J By Amy Hillyard Jensen

musiratecf by Dale Kilbomn

X:

"*"v.

HI ''*''

'---:-.UsifofO.iVi*;..- >,..;-

to send her boy on a mission when his father has just stop at the parking strip under the shade of our old died? He was the firstling of our flock. How can I box elder tree.

part with him now? Mother came out, a warm smile on her face. "Well,

Suddenly the words evoke memories, and I picture you made it!"Then she introduced us. "Jennie, this

springtime at the yellow apartment house on the hill. is Lyle Holbrook... and this is Bill Smith. Boys,

Springtime, when I found the Church—or it found me. my daughter. And this is Roger Daniels."

He's nice, I thought, while the boys shook hands.

It was the one named Lyle that I had noticed. His

It happened here in Seattle, just before the war. I hair was dark, and his eyes held a trace of mischief.

was 17 and in love with a browneyed boy named But his manner was so open that I found myself feelRoger. He was as inconstant as our Seattle weather, ing vexed with Roger, who never seemed at ease

but the very fact that I never knew from day to day when it was more than just the two of us.

whether he cared or not somehow added to his charm. "Are you out at the U?"Lyle asked Roger.

Mother, who was all the family I had, was manager "Yeah,"Roger said, his eyes veiled.

of the apartment house where we lived, with its "Bill and I are in dentistry."Then Lyle looked at

pseudoSpanish architecture, long musty halls, and me and smiled.

view of Puget Sound. Mother said, "Would you boys like to drive down

One day in early spring Roger had come to the the side street to the garage? You can unload your

high school and walked home with me. We lingered things right at the apartment."

outside the big green front door talking about the As the car rattled around the corner, Roger pointed spring prom at the university, where he was majoring out the license plate. "I guess your friends are from

in mathematics. Utah."

He hadn't asked me to the prom yet, but I could "Yes, you're right,"Mother said. "Well, I have to

tell he meant to. He stood with his books held careget busy. Goodbye, Roger. Coming, Jennie?"

lessly on one hip, leaning against the yellow stucco "Okay, Mom. Rog, why don't you stay? Mother

wall, while I sat on the step. It was one of the good could put you to work, too."It wasn't courtesy

times. So often Roger teased me, suspecting how speaking; I didn't want him to go.

much I cared for him. "Hey, there's a gorgeous redThe door had swung shut, but Roger lowered his

head in my English class named Ginger,"he said voice. "Your mom kind of cramps my style, honey.

once. "Boy, I could go for her!"And while his words I'd better be running along."

didn't offend me, something hurt inside because he'd I tried to keep the hurt from showing. "All right,

noticed Ginger—and my hair was mousy brown. then,"I said.

But today his mood was different, and he talked of He grabbed my hand and gave it a squeeze. "Maybe

college. "In another year you'll be there, too,"he told I'll call you."Then, as he started backing away, he

me. "I'll carry your books."His cheeks dimpled in one added, "You know, you'd better keep your eyes on

of his rare smiles. When he looked like that, I didn't those two guys. They're probably Mormons."Before

think his month was weak, as Mother had once de- I could answer, he had disappeared around the corner scribed it. of the building and was whistling down the street.

Then he leaned over me. "You'll be my girl, Jennie,"Roger was right about one thing—Lyle and Bob

he said. My heart, caught unaware, stopped in surwere Mormons. But we didn't have to keep our eyes

prise, then speeded up, pumping the hot blood to my on them. After they had been in the apartment a

face. It was then that the green door opened and while, Mother said, "You know, I think those two

Mother looked out. are the nicest young men I've ever known."

"Hello, Roger,"she said, smiling briefly. "Jennie, I knew why she felt that way. Since we were so

can you help me? I've rented the basement apartment, close to the U, we often had students renting apartand the new tenants will be here any minute. They'll ments. But sometimes there would be drinking parties,

need dishes and kitchen equipment."or girls would come to visit, or apartments would be

left dirty.Nv As if on signal, an old blue Dodge wheezed to a

-*-''.*.

And the service, simple enough that even the youngest child could take part, moved me so deeply that I sat tears streaming down my cheeks. ItuThere in the steamy laundry room there with the

was strange, but I felt that I had come home.

Mother didn't say much, but I could tell that the

I heard the truths of the gospel."spirit there had touched her too. A few days later,

she invited Lyle and Bill to dinner. They couldn't

stay long, but during dinner we talked about the

Church and its principles.

Lyle and Bill weren't like that at all. They went to "I can't say I'm too sold on tithing, Lyle,"my

church and to school, did their own laundry and mother said. "Ten percent of your income seems an

cleaning, and wrote letters home. When they got awful lot to pay. If a person is wellto-do, of course,

their groceries, they always offered Mom a ride to it might be different."

the store, though usually she sent me. Lyle smiled. "It seems like a lot, I know. But the

On Saturdays they did their washing. The apartblessings tithing brings just can't be measured in

ment house washing machine was a tricky old terms of money. When I was on my mission, I used

monster that had to be fed a nickel eveiy 15 minutes, to explain that a real tithing would be bringing the so the first time they used it, I went downstairs to Lord the first fruits of all we possess. Not just money,

show them how to keep it in line. And there in the but our time and strength, too."

laundry room, steamy with drying clothes, I heard How strange it seemed to hear things like this from the truths of the gospel for the first time. someone so young—only a few years older than Roger,

I knew a little about the Mormons already, of really. I wondered what he would think. Roger and I

course, from my history class and a movie I had seen had never talked about religion; he always seemed

once. I knew about Brigham Young and the pioneers to shy away whenever I wanted to be serious.

and the Great Salt Lake. But I didn't know a thing He came that night after Lyle and Bill had gone.

about what these people believed. Somehow the name "I've got my dad's car,"he said. "Let's go for a ride."

"Mormon"had always meant some strange sect to me, My pulse quickened. Maybe tonight he would ask me

almost as alien as "Buddhist."to go to the prom.

"Tell me a little about your religion,"I asked them, I took a jacket because it had been raining, hugged not caring that I sounded childishly curious. So they Mother, ignoring the sober glance she gave me, and

did. It was a wonderful hour. Now, whenever I hear dashed off. We went bowling first, and everything

the story of the golden plates, I see those two in old was right. Then some of Roger's buddies came in,

sweatshirts, as they ran clothes through the wringer and the fun was gone. What does he see in them?

and told me of the beginnings of the Book of Mormon. I wondered, trying not to listen to their rough talk.

The clothes were washed long before my curiosity We left not long after and drove out to the bluff, was satisfied. "Why don't you come to church with where we could see the ships in the harbor, their lights

us next Sunday, and bring your mother?"Lyle said. sparkling through the drizzle. Roger moved closer.

"Visitors come all the time, and I really think you'd I had been thinking about dinner with Bill and Lyle like it."and the questions they had answered. Then, because

I almost didn't go; Roger had said he might call the smell of smoke was strong on Roger's breath, I

on Sunday. But Mother insisted. "Honestly, Jennie, turned my face away.

the way you moon around over that boy! It'll do him "Hey, you've been funny all night,"he said. "That

good to call and find you gone."Mormon hasn't been beating my time, has he?"I

So we went together to the Mormon Church. The knew he meant Lyle.

building was old and shabby, an American Legion "Don't be silly."I moved away indignantly. "He's

hall—not a proper church at all. But inside, like too busy studying to think about girls. Anyway, Rog,

motherof-pearl lining the craggy shell of an oyster, he's a real nice guy. He spent two vears on a mission

was a luminous spirit. I had never heard such singing. for his church."

26 Improvement Era "Two years!"Roger exclaimed. "Boy, you'd never realized I hadn't really thought of Roger for weeks.

catch me giving up two years of my life to be a When I smelled the sweet scent of wisteria or heard missionary!"a love song on the radio, somehow I seemed to find

I looked at him. His profile from forehead to mouth myself thinking of Lyle.

was a dark silhouette, but some trick of the light It came as a shock. He had always been friendly

melted his chin into a formless blur. "Roger,"I said to me, but nothing more. Now I wondered, did he

sadly, "don't you care about anything?"think I still liked Roger? Was I too young? Perhaps

He laughed. "Sure T do. I care about Number One, there was someone else.

that's who."But I didn't want to think so. My romantic heart

"Oh, Rog! That isn't funny."My eyes burned with was full of dreams. I took them to school and back

gathering tears. He reached for me and I pushed him each day, and at night I wrote poetry in my mind

violently away. while I dawdled over the dishes. Sometimes, walking

"Okay."There was a long silence broken only by in the early morning, the joy inside me was an electric

the rhythm of the windshield wipers. "By the way,"charge that must escape through toes and fingertips.

he said. "I've been meaning to tell you something."Then one Saturday morning Lyle came to the hallHis words fell as cold and steady as the rain outside. way mailbox while I was picking up our mail. He

"I've asked Ginger to go with me to the prom. I'm took the letters from his box.

afraid it will be a little too sophisticated for you."I tried to sound casual. "Letters from home, Lyle?

Then he backed the car onto the road and drove I suppose your girl friend writes."

me home. "Sure, every week,"he said, glancing up from the

Next morning, half submerged in sleep,, I rememletter he was opening. Then, with a broad grin, "I

bered. Roger. He had let me out at the apartment with didn't know you cared."

no apology, no goodbye. And pride had kept me from The quick tears filled my eyes. Swallowing despersaying a word. ately, I couldn't speak. Lyle, who had gone back to

Carefully, I told Mother what had happened. Her his letter, looked up again, still smiling. Then his

fine brown eyes were sorrowful for me, but I knew expression became sober. I lowered my eyes, but the

she was relieved. "There'll be other boys,"she said. harm was done. In that brief moment, each of us

But I couldn't forget so easily. Like a hand with a had spoken from the heart.

missing finger, there was an empty place that hurt. His voice was gentle. "Jennie, I'm sorry, I really

I filled pages in my diary and scribbled mournful didn't know."He reached for my trembling chin and

poems. I went to movies with my girl friends and raised it. "Come on, now, little sis. Give me a smile."

hurried home to see if there had been a call for me. I managed a grin and tried to think of something light

And when I saw couples walking hand in hand, I and funny to say, but nothing came. I just stood there,

carefully looked the other way. smiling and sniffling.

Lyle must have known what had happened. When He gave me his handkerchief, then tactfully looked

he saw me outside one day, sweeping the front walk, out the window as I blotted my eyes. "You know,

he said, "Cheer up, Jennie, you're too pretty a girl Jennie, one of the most wonderful principles of the to pine away like this."Gratefully I smiled at him. gospel is eternal marriage. It's something I've been

"Why don't you and your mother come to church taught all my life. And even before my mission, I knew

again with Bill and me?"he said. who the girl was that I wanted to marry. You're a lot

We did, and once more it was like coming home. like her."

Soon it got to be a habit—Sunday School and sacraHe turned and suddenly ruffled my hair. "In fact,

ment meeting Sunday and Mutual Tuesday night. I just hope that before old Roger realizes what he's

Sometimes I went with Mother, or a new friend from missed you'll join the Church."He said it lightly, but

the Church would pick me up. Lots of times I went his eyes held a question.

with Bill and Lyle. They seemed like the brothers I At last I managed to say something. "Once a mishad always wished for. sionary, always a missionary."We laughed together.

Suddenly it all changed. One Sunday in May I Then I went back into our apartment, as Lyle walked

May 1968 27 down the stairs and back to his apartment. could I be happy now with anything less?

It would have been so easy to stop going to the "I'm sorry, Roger,"I said again. "I'm going to a

Mormon Church. As kind as Lyle had been, I had Mutual party tonight. You see, I've decided to become

been far more humiliated by this rebuff than I had a Latterday Saint."

by Roger's. But I knew that if I stayed away from So we said goodbye, Roger with a tight little smile

the Church because of Lyle—or really, because of my that hurt me more than he could have guessed.

pride—I'd be losing something that had grown pre- # # *

cious to me. The hour is late, and I am weary with remembering.

So the days passed. I wrote in my diaiy, for there Tomorrow the bishop will call, and I am ready. I ask

were many thoughts I wanted to put down and sort myself now, what would my life have been like if I out. It took a while, but eventually I realized that I hadn't known Lyle Holbrook?

hadn't really been in love with Lyle. It was just that I don't think I would ever have married Roger, but

he was the kind of person I'd like to be in love with then who can say? Once I thought that life is a river

someday. About Roger, I didn't know. Sometimes that eventually, one way or another, leads to the sea.

I thought of him, but carefully, as one might gently Whatever the route, I thought, we cannot escape our touch a newly healed wound. return to God. But it isn't always so. A young stream,

Then one night he came. How like him to act as diverted from its natural course, can dry up or be

if everything between us were the same as before. It trapped in a stagnant pond.

was a Saturday after supper, and he wanted me to Because of this, my heart goes out in gratitude to go dancing with him. "I'm rolling,"he said, patting Lyle Holbrook and to the Church, which sends young

his hip pocket and smiling in the old magic way. men like him to preach the gospel throughout the

"I'm sorry, Rog,"I told him, "but I've made other world. For it was in the Church that I met my husplans."band, Jim, and in the Church we were married for

He looked at me with one eyebrow raised. "Look, time and all eternity.

Jen,"he said softly. "I'm sorry I didn't call. I never Now the call has come for the firstling of our flock.

did take Ginger out, you know. I guess I was just Is there someone, somewhere, waiting for the mesjealous of that guy downstairs."His dark, heavylidded sage he can bring? If there is, then Paul must bring

eyes still had the power to move me. it. The Lord has given me 20 years of my son's life.

For a moment I wavered. This could have meant Two years are so few to give in return.

so much a month before. I wanted to weep. But now When the bishop calls, Paul will be proud to give

it was too late. What he offered was as counterfeit as him his answer. As for me, I really made my choice

a sand dollar to one who had glimpsed a pearl. How the night I said goodbye to Roger. O

For a Daughter By Christie Lund Coles

You used to wake us in the night, Now you are gone we often wake

Your childish needs to fill—And ache for years so swiftly fled,

A drink, a swift assurance And sometimes go and stand beside

Your fears to still. Your empty bed.

Then came the time we lay awake Yet, seeing small and lovely ones,

Waiting the moment you came in; With your same eyes,

You still seemed like the little girl We sleep, aware that neither one

That you had been. Woidd have it otherwise.

28 Improvement Era 4 (SNevT Wool Watemaqd citead! toWe

FOUR FAITH

PROMOTING CLASSICS

STRING Of reARiS

m CBU*,ST Dust of vy** OdWMM***** friM&iilfflfflfl

SIDNEY SP0Y

1. WHAT DID HE MEAN? 2. FROM THE DUST OF 3. FOUR FAITH 4. THE BOOK OF

by Paul H. Dunn DECADES, Saga of the PROMOTING CLASSICS MORMON

Papyri and Mummies Faith COMPENDIUM From "The for is the successful formulaHere modby Sidney B. Sperry Series Keith Terry and Promoting"by livingern revealed through as the deep

is This Dr. to your volume companioninsight of rich Jesus'overtones and Whipple Walter in first for the of Reprinted time a %

Sperry's Doctrine Covenants & ComIt is ateachings. pracdown-toearth, century, narratives fascinating these by of timely of Pearl This the study Great

It is the reference pendium. best booktical of analysis the the on Sermon thrill will of inspire is and the God men Price inspirational, fascinating, and

available of the on Book Mormon.Mount. of their with forceful reader recounting pictures of with papyri complete the

all or questions Answers others you spiritual rich, recently the Scholarexperiences. by Contains acquired Church.

this record, ever ancient on have posed 3.0Q

in ly stories in not promoting its found any right to faith completeness up and

Hill including on the information new other publication. is date, every here information which

Cumorah. Contains over pages. 800

Latterday Saint should read.

2.25 3.95 6.95

BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main /Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 5-68

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money

Order in the amount Of (Residents of Utah add 3Vi% sales tax.)

3 4 12 NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP

May 1968 29 As the young woman spoke, I a sincere love for people and the looked at the congregation and restored gospel of Jesus Christ.

noticed that both young and old She was truly "uncommon,"and were giving rapt attention. Here yet as I sat there I could clearly

and there an eye was moist with visualize many like her—others who

tears as they listened to her meshad also become "uncommon."

sage. She was a college student There came to mind many young

speaking in a sacrament meeting, men and women who had develsharing her experiences and testioped similar conviction and radimony. She was attractive in dress ance of spirit.

and physical appearance, but it was I wondered, what has caused her inner beauty that captivated this change? What secrets for

those present. teaching do these young people

Her bearing typified the ideal hold? What has been the foundaLatter-day Saint youth. She tion of their learning? What specifpossessed poise, a balanced perically has a teacher done to lay a

sonality, strong selfconfidence, foundation that results in such a enthusiasm, and a radiance of change?

conviction. Her message expressed I decided to question some of

Uncommon Teaching of the Common By Don F. Colvin

Seminary Coordinator

Ogden Seminaries

Illustrated by Jeanne Lindortl

Improvement Era

"Teaching Conducted by the Church School System

these "uncommon"youth. As I student needs that he can capitalize taken time to think through how he

talked with them, some general on teaching moments both in and will present his material. He does

principles became quite clear, prinout of class. Students call on him not take students'interest for

ciples worthy of review and at home and greet him when they granted; he captures their attention

careful analysis. meet downtown, but somehow he and focuses their interest upon

I decided to question students does not seem to mind, for these gospel principles. Interest in this

regarding the class in which they are his friends. type of a class becomes spontahad learned the most. The almost Establishing an environment of neous and natural.

universal response was this: "The sincere personal interest facilitates "My teacher used to say, 'Living

teacher who changed my life the communication and is an essential the gospel should put a smile on most showed a sincere interest in cornerstone in the foundation of your face, a kick to your step, and me and was willing to accept me learning. give you a joyous zest for life and

just as he found me. Sure, he made "No number or variety of teachall that it has to offer.'This made

mistakes, and his lessons didn't ing techniques or methods will win sense to me, and as he taught the always click, but there wasn't anystudent confidence and loyalty unprinciples of the gospel, I was led thing I wouldn't try to do for that less there is a genuine feeling of to see that they were practical. I

man, because I knew he really love and concern on the part of found that I could live them, and cared. And because he cared, I was the teacher. His feelings must I wanted to know more. I had alwilling to listen."arise out of his determination to ways looked at the scriptures and

Such replies convinced me that remember he is dealing with an Church history as things of the those teachers whose students show eternal being, a literal child of a past, but my teacher made them sincere response to learning are Heavenly Father whose love and come to life."

those teachers who personally esconcern for his child are beyond Some dedicated teachers who tablish a heartto-heart relationship the comprehension of even the possess a great love for the gospel with their students. They create a most devoted teacher. Only when have developed such a pious, emolearning environment that is evihe relates to his students in this tional, or even tooserious approach

denced by a genuine love for stuframe of reference will he be conto life that their attitudes act as a dents. A healthy rapport is sidered a worthy exemplar after wall between them and their stuestablished, and the confidence and whom they can pattern their own dents. A student may cry out in

trust they place in young people lives."(Ernest Eberhardt, Jr., "The frustration, "It's beyond me. I just

encourage the students to want to Techniques of 'Doer Teaching,'can't be that spiritual."

measure up. The teachers'words The Improvement Era, April 1967, Ideals and perfection often apring out with sincerity and convic- p. 67. pear to students as distant goals

tion as they speak to their classes, Another respondent noted this: and almost impossible to attain.

and their students can accept the "One thing I liked about my favorThey want religion to be a satisfymessage because they know it ite teacher is that I never knew ing way of life that can be applied comes from real friends. what to expect next. He was always on their level. When they can exThis type of teacher is always coming up with different and varperience the joy of success by

busy, but not so busy that he canied ways of making his lesson living practical, reachable goals not be approached. Somehow his interesting. We looked forward to along the way to their ideals, they

door is always open, and his stuhis class because we knew there derive happiness from proper dents know he will take time to would be something there for us."adjustment to life and its circumhelp. He realizes that not all teachThus, a proper foundation for stances. No better formula for

ing takes place in lesson presentalearning is laid by a teacher who is happiness has ever been devised tion, and he is sensitive enough to thoroughly prepared and who has than the gospel of Jesus Christ.

May 1968 31 "Try as he might, a teacher cannot change the character of a student."

It is obvious that some students place emphasis on great ideas or get away with such an approach.

enter religion classes with a builtconcepts and their effects upon Teachers who have greater confiin attitude of boredom, an attitude people. By the effective use of dence in their students'abilities to

that has been conditioned by prestories, analogies, discussions, problearn challenge them to discover vious experience in the study of lem solving, and other related for themselves.

religion. They have been bored by methods, the history and scriptures Testimony is a personal attainclasses at Church and in schools of the Church can be made meanment; it does not come from listenwhere emphasis has been placed on ingful in the lives of students. ing alone. The degree to which a

facts, figures, and a mountain of In a study of the scriptures, stustudent becomes personally inseemingly meaningless detail. They dents should vicariously walk with volved and participates in the

view the past as something dead Jesus and the prophets and thus learning process is in direct proporand gone. They are thrilled with come to see as they saw, to feel tion to the amount of growth exthe present, and are captivated by as they felt. Students must be motipected. Meaningful problems must

problems and events that are here vated to empathize with the great be raised, and students should be and now. characters of the scriptures. When led to find their own answers.

There is little to be gained by a this type of relationship is estabSuccessful teachers accept their cold, isolated study of the scriplished, they will thrill with the students as they are, inspire selftures. If they have no relevance to scriptures. Furthermore, they will confidence in them, and encourage

life today, they are of little value. be more inclined to go back and them in their struggles to learn and

However, the scriptures and study the scriptures throughout apply gospel principles. They are

religious history do record eternal the remainder of their lives. tolerant of mistakes, and they enprinciples and experiences that Those teachers who make the courage and guide students to find

have their proper place and appligospel meaningful and functional their own answers. Above all, they

cation in helping man solve and to students are known by the reare willing to let a student try.

prevent problems he faces today. sults. Their students are not bored; Much of the teaching done in the

They contain the key to a fullness they hunger to be fed. They are name of religious instruction results

of life and to happiness. To the making progress in application of in verbalization. Instead of proteacher falls the task of making gospel principles. Somehow remoting selfgrowth on the part of

these principles and experiences of ligion starts to make sense and their students, some teachers bethe past come alive as a vital and becomes palatable. come enamored with the sound of

significant part of life in the twenAnother student said, "One thing their own voices and fall prey to tieth century. that stands out about our teacher the temptation of providing the

As teachers prepare their lessons, is that he really inspires us to dig quick answer. Such practice acthey must take time to think of and find our own answers. I have complishes little more than paintparallels and applications of their never learned and grown so much ing on veneer. This type of teaching

subject matter to life today. They as I have under the guidance of does not soak into the grain of the

must also think through the probthis man."soul and result in changed belem of how to present these paralThis comment stands out in havior.

lels and applications naturally and sharp contrast to the practice of Try as he might, a teacher cansuccessfully. some egocentric teachers who pronot change the character of a stuIn order to do this, the teacher vide all the answers and constitute dent. Change, if it comes, must

must so live that the stories of the whole show. They spoonfeed come from within. Our role, then,

scriptural concepts become a part students, denying them the growth is one of stimulating, challenging, of him. He must avoid involvement that they need. Students tend to be inspiring, provoking, encouraging,

with details; instead, he must apathetic and often let a teacher and (most important) guiding. O

32 Improvement Era Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

The Smokeless Generation

Photo by Linda Banks

Sheri Ward and Becky Hathaway MakeYours a Smokeless Generation

or... PuttingOut the Fire!

By Elaine Cannon

Photo by Linda Banks

t

mil imm in'WiinitirfJ,Tr"'- '**""'

to Uj ** It's great that you're smarter smokeless generation! Here are

than the adults you see all around some good reasons why you smoking their health and their 1. Smoking is contrary to the

money away. Of course, when they revealed word of God.

were your age, they didn't know 2. The evidence is overwhelming

what you know about the troubles that smoking is dangerous, disthat go with smoking. abling, frequently fatal.

Since you don't smoke, be a good 3. It is expensive and offensive.

friend and help others to with- 4. It is discourteous.

stand brainwashings, advertise- 5. It enslaves.

ments, and temptings of all kinds Honestly, is there a single rethat lead to smoking. Make yours a deeming factor about smoking? o

These teens from Butler Stake, Salt Lake County, are Don Cannon,

Steve Shelton, Jerri Sorenson, Gerry Graves, Joanne Aim, Sheri

Ward, Nancy MacKay, Byron Kelly, Becky Hathaway, Katny Sorenson,

Mike Christensen, David 8 ruse-, Shannon Sullivan, Susan Gill,

Jay Stocks.

IIP

Ever since I can remember, my father has warned me about smoking cigarettes, Dad is a very relaxed, liberal parent about most things, but on the subject of cigarettes he is neither. I

remember only too well the day when I was about eight that my brother (he is five years older) was caught smoking, Dad's objections to smoking made a strong impression on me. And everything he had said made

even more sense to me when the Surgeon GenWhy! eral's Report on Smoking and Health came out

in 1964.

Another thing that made a very strong impression on me about the dangers of smoking was an Don't Smoke American Cancer Society movie that was shown to our eighth grade. I don't think there was

anyone in the class who wasn't shaken by that Cigarettes film. Today, four years later, I still remember it.

I know that without good health I will never be able to do the things I want to do in my lifetime.

By Michele Patrick And I want to do a lot of things. Right now, at

Miss American Teenager 17, I'm working on getting through my senior year of high school, and one of my big interests is

Miss Patrick, 17, of Bethesda, Maryland, was chosen "Miss sports car racing. I'm a member of the pit crew

American Teenager"from 53 finalists in the eighth annual for a racing team. Kind of unusual for a girl,

pageant, held"Miss American Teenager"it's active and exciting-—and I love it! Some Park, Palisades,Palisades New inJersey.September,She is ata but Amusement

senior at Walt Whitman High School in Bethesda. people call this a dangerous sport, but I don't think

it's half as dangerous an activity as smoking.

My other hobbies include singing, dancing/sewing, modeling, and painting. But my life's ambition is to become a teacher and to work with

children. I plan to major in education in college,

and when I finish I hope very much to serve in the Peace Corps or in Vista, and then to take up my teaching career.

I've noticed that most boys who don't smoke don't like to date girls with cigarette breath or the smell of smoke in their hair and clothes. My

:,;;. boyfriend has made it very clear to me that our

friendship won't last very long if I start smoking.

I didn't really need him to convince me about smoking; I was already convinced. But it is, I

think, another very good reason for my not being tempted to take up the habit.

Here's the best way I can sum up my reasons for not smoking: Why should I give up the good

life—for no life? Why should anyone?

I have a great poster titled "We'll Miss Ya,

Baby,"that kids the smoking habit. It pictures

different kinds of teenage smokers—the wise guy,

the femme fatale, and a couple of other diehard types. I think it's really terrific, and it can be

framed and hung. If you'd like one for your room,

or as a hint to a smoking friend, I'd be glad to mail you one. Write me: Michele Patrick, Miss

American Teenager Contest, Palisades Amusement Park, Palisades, New Jersey 0702U.

Determining to make theirs a "smokeless generation, some Salt Lake youth climb on the antique red wagon owned by Stanford P. Darger. Pictured

left to right are John Darger,

Anne Darger, Margaret Sandburg, Ann Morgan, John

Morgan, Sam Grover, Jane Darger, Vicki Morgan, Kent Douglas, Paula Romney, Maggi Miner, Victor Kimball, Holly

Cannon, Patty Morgan.

Illustration by DonYoung

LIVES THAT STAHD

iNSPEOTiorseries

38 Era of Youth to load Up, you know.

"Yes sir, I know,"the boy replied. "But... sir,I'd like to ask

a question, if you don't mind.

The commanding officer's face softened as the crewman blurted out his urgent inquiry: "Me and

some of the guys just wondered.,

sir, if you've had time to pray yet this morning."

"Yes, son,"said Major Allen, very gently now. "I have had

time to pray."

"Thank you very much, sir,"he smiled, relieved. "We didn't

want to start on this mission until you'd prayed."

Maior Alien, former missionary, district president, faithful

Latterday Saint, pondered in his heart the implications of that important question and testimony The as he led another highly dangerous mission in the service of his country. The fact that the unit

had suffered many casualties Gunship Leader without a fatality was widely known. To the men in the group

By Marion D. Hanks it had something very important

to do with their commander and

The whirling blades of a helimajor was preparing to board his his prayers. There had been no

copter gunship don't provide ship to lead his unit on a dangerpreaching on the subject, only much shade for a conversation ous mission. As he thought about a keen sense of appreciation

in the sun, nor, for that matter, the incident later, Major Allen through the unit for a commandis the setting favorable for hearrecalled that he may have ing officer who led them fearing one another. It was all the sounded a bit impatient as he lessly and very skillfully in their

more puzzling that the young airspoke to the obviously nervous dangerous work, and who had man should be approaching his young man. "Well, what is it, something special about him that

commanding officer just as the Hobson?"he asked. "It's time involved prayer. O

May 1968 39 church or to do anything else I don't want to do."

"Glenn, why do you suppose your dad goes to church or puts in the hours he does as bishop of Let's Talk About:

the ward?"Obligation "I"Obligatedwonder iftohewhom?"doesn't feel obligated."

"To the stake president, I guess."

vs. "Guess"Okay-—toagain."the Lord."

"Do you suppose, then, that by getting married, starting your own home, and moving away from

By Lindsay R. Curtis, M.D. your parents, you suddenly are released from all

"I may go back to church someday, but right obligation to the Lord? Why don't we change that

now I am so glad to be out from under the presword from obligation to responsibility? Is there

sure and the obligation to go that I think I'll just any change in status that suddenly releases us enjoy the freedom for a while."It was 190pOurid, from our responsibilities?

handsome, likeable Glenn who was talking. "You know, Glenn, when we are younger, our

Glenn, 23, a college graduate, is newly married parents sometimes have to use a little pressure, to pert and pretty Lori and has just started to sometimes even the pressure of the back of the work for a growing business firm* "For years now hand or a small willow, to impress us with our

I have been pressured to attend church, to accept responsibilities. There are certain jobs to be done,

various church assignments, to pay tithing, and certain rules to be followed, certain lessons of to do a lot of things just because of Dad's position conduct to live within. As we become older, it is

in the Church. Now that I am on my own, I want hoped that pressure no longer is necessary, because

a vacation from church and church responsibility. we realize the necessity for these rules and our

If and when I get ready, I'll come back."obedience to them.

Glenn slumped back in his chair with a great "To the lawbreaker, a policeman is known as a sigh of emancipation. To him it seemed as though harrassment, as something to be feared, as 'fuzz.'

he had just unburdened himself of a great load But to the lawabider, he is known as protection, he had grudgingly carried for a long time. as a friend, as someone who looks out for us.

But I had known Glenn and his family for "Are you about to hold it against your father for teaching you correct principles, for showingmany years—too many to accept what Glenn said

without comment. "That's strange, Glenn*"I you the way to go—and without force? Would

said. "I had never pictured your dad as the type you prefer that he had set a bad example for you?"

of man who stood over you with a club and made "Man, you certainly turn things around, don't you go to church."you?"Glenn twisted uneasily in his chair.

"Oh, he didn't exactly stand over me with a "Do I? I had really hoped to straighten out

club."some of these things. You see, your dad doesn't

"Did he ever force you to go to church?"even enter into the picture with you right now be-

"Not really, I suppose. But we were expected cause you have started your own home. But you

to go to church."will never escape the jurisdiction; of your Father

"What do you mean, expected to go?"in heaven. If you can neglect your responsibilities

"It Was just the thing that we did in our house. to him and feel right about it, okay. But I doubt

Everybody went to church. And practically every that you can. In fact, there is no place on earth

time there was a meeting, you could count on our you can go to escape his influence, and I know family to be there. I figure I've been to church there is no place in heaven to escape it,"

enough to last me the rest of my life."I waited, as Glenn seemed deep in thought.

"Didn't you ever enjoy going to church?"After a moment he said, "I suppose I have been

"Oh, yes, I suppose I did, but I just think I projecting the whole thing onto Dad. I. do love

resented having to go all the time."him dearly, and I appreciate his example. I've

"There you go, saying you had to go, when you always been proud of him and his devotion to the don't really mean that."Lord. All you have said I really deserve. Sunday

"You know what I mean. At least now I am will probably find me back doing what I've known

independent and feel under no obligation to go to all along I should be doing."

40 Efa of Youth in his face. But now I can bear testimony to the fact

former life. Life for me has become a even miss myHe Heard the Truth that this Is what happened, that I no longer need or

exaltation. of joy and thing

I arrived home By Ashley Hallwood It all happened so very fast once in England. Almost immediately I found another

Croydon Branch, British Mission pair of elders on my doorstep; and this time, thanks

be to God, I decided to listen to what they had to 1 had plenty of time on my hands; it could do So many wonderful things have happened to me say.

in the few months since I became a member of no harm to give them a hearing and make an honest

I Christ1 s restored church that it hardly seems possible effort to assimilate their words, whether or not that as recently as June of last year 1 knew little or accepted them as true. So I listened, and as they

nothing about the Mormons. unfolded their story I suddenly knew, as if in a flash

Through the media of television, films, and of inspiration from heaven, that what they were books, 1 had formulated a set of illconceived saying was true.

fallacies, which I took to be facts, about that strange All my life I had wanted to believe in some sort of cult of people who claimed to have had the gospel a god, and my search for the truth had taken me restored to them by a deluded madman named from church to church. None of them seemed to

Joseph Smith. I believed the Mormons to be nothing have what I was looking for. I vainly tried to accept

more than a highly fanatical and puritanical religious their doctrines and teachings, but for me there was sect who practiced polygamy and based their docalways something missing. I couldn't put my finger

trines on a mumbo jumbo of socalled divine revelaon it, but I knew in my heart that there was sometions from God. thing more, if only I could find it. And here it was,

I had found the It was while I was vacationing in New York City at long last, staring me in the face.

that I first encountered Mormons in the form of two truth, and I knew it!

cleancut, smartly dressed, young missionary elders. But the elders told me not to take their word that

if When they knocked on my door and told me that the things they said were true. They told me that

they had a message for me about a second witness I humbled myself in prayer before my Heavenly for Christ, known as the Book of Mormon, I was Father and asked him, then he would manifest the impressed by their sincerity and the glowing entruth to me. So I learned to pray for the first time,

thusiasm with which they unfolded their story of a and found to my surprise that it really did work.

living prophet called by God in our own time. Since then prayer has become a very necessary and

But, because of the myth that I had built up in richly rewarding part of my life, for now I know that

I can talk just as my mind about Mormons, I wasn't at all interested I have a Heavenly Father to whom at the time in what they had to say. There were to a friend, and who really does hear me and ancountless numbers of different sectarian groups, swer my prayers.

each claiming to be the only true church. Why should So convinced was I by the elders'words that the

this one be any different? What did they have that very next day I accompanied them to church and,

was so special, that set them apart from every- a mere three weeks later, felt proud and privileged one else? to be baptized and confirmed a member of The

I only half listened to them, took the Book of Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Since

Mormon that they offered to me, and, more to then I've never looked back. I've had no regrets,

please them than anything else, agreed to let them no longings for my former life. Every day I'm find-

I recently send a couple of elders to tell me more when I reing that my testimony continues to grow.

turned to England. I never for one moment thought had the double honor of being ordained a deacon

I'd see or hear of them again. I packed my Book of in the Aaronic Priesthood and of being called as a

I appreciate the loyal help and Mormon away in the depths of my suitcase as nothdistrict missionary.

I find in my branch. The warm love ing more than an unusual book with which to imsupport that

press my friends. I promptly forgot about the whole and fellowship that we have one for another only

thing and returned to my own way of life. serves to convince me more each day that God lives.

But life was soon to change for me. If anyone As members of his true Church, we have thegreathad told me then that I would lay aside worldly est honor and responsibility that man can attain-r

pleasures for the happiness that only the love and to devote our lives to the glory of God and to the knowledge of God can bring, I would have laughed winning of souls for his celestial kingdom. O

May 1968 41 A camel is a horse made by a committee, accordStay on the right track, teens remind each other, ing to some humorists, but learning to work well as they balance on the rails of the little train at together in leadership situations is important for the zoo.

Latterday Saint youth growing up in a lay church.

Who's who at the zoo may have something to do with you if you are willing to learn lessons from the caged and captive creatures...'and from the

wooded worlds of zoos wherever one finds them.

(Photostaken on location at San Diego Zoo in California by Ralph

Reynolds and at Hogle Zoo in Salt Lake City by Eldon Linschoten.)

The Zoo and You Climbing into your shell, like a turtle, is missing "Getting your goat"can have serious consethe challenge of life. Come out of hiding. You're quences if it means you lose your cool and control.

only young once.

42 Era of Youth Making like monkeys is strictly for fun, but Daniel in the lion's den is a favorite story for the "hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil"slogan teens playing it brave with a fancy fountain. It

grandma learned is wise advice for this generatakes all kinds of moral courage to keep one's tion, too. head these days.

Ducks of a feather—like Mormons—swim better A tender moment with a brand new baby chick

together. It's easier to live the standards of the—and a fresh marveling at the miracle of life.

Church in good company.

May 1968 43 meetings and spreading the word of the gospel, however, are not their only tasks. They also organize all kinds of

activities for fellowshiping new members. There are Hawaiians, Tongans,

and Samoans represented in the group.

Belonging to a worldwide church American Legion school award in recoghas many advantages. Not the least nition of her selection as the outstandof these is being able to cross paths ing girl in her class, She's 15, musically

with Mormons who are just your age talented, and a seminary student.

and who are doing very different things, but who are also doing'some of the same things Churchwise.

There are some young people who go through the extra effort to excel in many fields. Mike Runyan has

proved that extra effort is indeed reReed Fisher is a senior at Tate High warding. At age ten he was organist

Carol Wooten of the Henderson School in Pensacola, Florida, where he for priesthood meeting, even though (Nevada) Third Ward, Lake Mead Stake, serves as student body president and he was too young to. hold the priestis the first girl to receive the gold

for responsibilities has assemblies. He's his hood. Eagle award He received in medallion award in that area. She has

surfer, a a musician, a friend to many, required. time the minimum He has

had nearly 100 percent attendance at and a devoted servant of his.Heavenly been on the school honor roil each all of her meetings over the years. She

Father. quarter'and was chosen to join the is a talented musician and honor

honors society as a result of his activistudent at school.

ties and grade point average. Today,

at 14, he is the ward organist, an officer, in his priesthood quorum, a patrol leader, and holds a steady job. Denver

Stake claims him.;

"... when you carry the gospel to

them, they receive it with open hearts."

These words of President Joseph

Fielding Smith are being accepted as a challenge by, a group of youth missionaries in American Samoa. Fiftythree of these young Latterday Saints

Tani Madsen, daughter of Bishop and met to organize the "Y-Mbm's"(Young The Cardston (Alberta Stake, Canada)

Mrs. Lyman Madsen of Colton, CaliMissionaries of Mapusaga) and to First Ward junior girls won the regional

fornia, was recipient of the coveted spread the gospel. Arranging cottage volleyball tournament trophy for the

44 Era of Youth fourth consecutive time. They were the of the College Bowl team that went

only undefeated team in the tournathrough five sessions undefeated. An

ment. Players are April Cameron, Loractive member of the Church now, he

raine Palmer, Lori Beazer, Millie has a strong testimony. After reading

Hotomaine, Pat Alfred, Brenda Beazer, the Book of Mormon he said, "This

Maurren Quinton, and Debbie Leavitt. has been a revolutionary week in my

life."He then asked to be baptized

at once. He was recently honored by

SRn mfiRino the Belvoir branch of the Scientific ReCOIIGREGflTlOnflL CHURCH search Society of America for winning '0 their fifth annual scientific achievement + SUN0SY SERVICES* award. (This usually goes to much

At the invitation of the Reverend older scientists.)

Bertrand Cristi, a group of Latterday

Saint youth in Los Angeles have been holding their seminary services in his

building. Participants in this brotherexperience are Marianne Manns,t: hood

Lynnae Startup, Nancy Startup, Keidi

Susan Coombs and Vernon Roche are Kratzer, Mary Jane Richy, Rosie Armoutstanding Church youth who were strong, Phil Ellsworth, Chris Robinson, named allaround cowboy and cowgirl Tad Gwynn, Cheryl Anderson, Charlotte at the Utah State championship rodeo Stout, and Cathie Thody.

for high school students. Susan has

won a seminary award for scholarship and a college language award for her excellence in Spanish. She serves on

the youth missionary committee. Vernon is a seminary graduate and star

basketball player, and was named to the allstar football team. He's an active priesthood member.

Winters, California, residents marveled when Latterday Saint teens in the area got together and remodeled a fruitpacking shed to Use as their very own seminary building. Involved in

the project were Lorna Warren, teacherGay Morgan, her assistant; and students

Karren Beck, Kenneth Busbee, Sandra

Busbee, Connie Clark, Howard Clark,

Portland District seminary youth and Joyce Warren. Dale Haynes Densley was honored by

have had marvelous success in their teammates recently for compiling the leadership training sessions, and part highest number of individual points of the credit goes to student planners for the YMCA swim team. Dale is

Mike Forkner, Kay Potter, Dianna Mattpresident of his priesthood quorum in son, Mike Johnson, Sherida Evans, Paul William T. Wyatt, Jr., is a new conYakima Second Ward, Yakima, Wash-'

Hendengren, Tim Grossnickle, Ray vert and a graduate of the University ington. He's also on the school honor

Short, Dan Bean, and Weldon Thacker. of Virginia, where he was a member roll.

May 1968 45 Spec. 5 Harold Ethington is a serviceman with winning ways. While stationed

Jay Lucas is setting an impressive at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, he won top example for friends and family alike. honors in the musical talent contest

He is the only member of his immefor his post and region, and earned a diate family to join the Church andis place with the traveling troupe to enRenae Stone, a pretty blonde Mor- a member of the Radford (Virginia) tertain servicemen throughout the mon from Draper, Utah, has sprouted

Branch. He is the only Mormon in Fourth Army area. He is from Yuba wings and is spanning the Pacific as

his high school, where he is editor of City, California, and has served a mis- a Pan American Airways hostess. She

the yearbook and has served as student sion to Central America. He plans to filled a mission to the Eastern Atlanbody president. He has won many attend BYU wheri he returns from duty tic States and is now serving aboard

awards for his ability as a pianist. in Vietnam. a jet clipper flying to the south seas.

When, the young people of Westchester Ward, New York Stake, asked permission to give a play by themJeannette Walker is a member of the selves, the MIA leaders agreed. Patti Engtewood Ward, Denver South Stake.

Marrone, Susan Nibley, and Pat StodShe has won top honors in home dard were the guiding lights. They economics at school, and besides being, John Stewart of Brighton, Colorado,

staged "Harvey"with resounding suc- a regular seminary student and talented was selected as one of the,13 Scouts cess. pianist, she sews her own clothes. from various, regions of the United

States to participate in the "Report to the Nation"with President Lyndon B.

Jeanne Veylupek of Pasadena, CaliJohnson this year. 'He was also this

fornia, has won 11 individual awards year's winner in his area for the Voice consecutively. This is no small fete. of 'Democracy essay contest. John is

But in addition she has had 100 percent a star basketball player, a thespian of attendance in all of her seminary some fame at his high school, and was and church meetings for 11 years! She recently chosen as an outstanding

is a Golden Gleaner and claims that student for his country because of working musically with young children activities and scholarship. He is

is the best of all her Church positions. planning to fill a mission.

46, Era of Youth

Good Thoughts

By John Randolph Stidman

In a recent magazine article, a There is another good thought sheweth his handywork."(Ps. 19:1.)

writer asked the person interthat may strike the mind like a Consider God's magic in all the viewed why she seemed so happy chord of music. In Psalm 139, growing things, in sun, rain, and

and satisfied with her work. One David praises God for his allforest. Look at a rose and drink in

of her striking answers contained embracing providence. In verses of its fragrance.

this statement: "The main thing is, true poetry, the psalmist sings of The healthy, imaginative mind

I think good thoughts."the constancy of his God: "If I take is always working, planning, exNot only is this a rational philosthe wings of the morning, and ploring, and moving into new adophy for good minds, but the idea dwell in the uttermost parts of the ventures. Impelled by good

is also full of beauty and grace. sea; Even there shall thy hand lead thoughts, there is no limit to what

Keep your mind as a storehouse of me, and thy right hand shall hold we may achieve toward a successgood things, and there will be no me."The wings of the morning. ful life in this world and the world

room for anything else. What beauty lies in this metaphor! hereafter.

The place to look for good things The mind, in its quest for peace Thinking good thoughts is like is, first and foremost, the Holy and contentment, may find good opening the window of a dark

Bible. It offers peace, beauty, thoughts in abundance just by room and flooding it with fresh air

knowledge, warning, advice, hisseeking them out and holding on and sunshine, like rising to a higher tory, art, literature, poetry, and to them. Look around; they are level and dwelling on the rooftops

many other priceless things to enavailable in every direction, ready in a penthouse of gracious living.

rich the mind that reaches out to to flood the inner consciousness Holding good thoughts in the mind take them. with rewarding pleasure. will help it to rise above any storm

From this treasure house of Paul sounded a mighty chord of of evil designs.

beauty come the immortal words of majestic music that excites the Good thoughts are spiritual

Ruth, full of music and poetry, mind in its quest for beauty and jewels that we may obtain freely, speaking to her motherin-law, expression: enjoying their shining brilliance to

Naomi: "Intreat me not to leave "Though I speak with the our heart's content. They inspire

thee, or to return from following tongues of men and of angels, and clean living, and they may produce after thee: for whither thou goest, have not charity, I am become as the motive power that impels one

I will go; and where thou lodgest, sounding brass, or a tinkling cymto reach for the highest goals.

I will lodge; thy people shall be bal."(1 Cor. 13:1.) He follows these From dark alleys, gloomy workmy people, and thy God my God."words with this stirring eulogy: shops, and all the commonplace

(Ruth 1:16.) "And now abideth faith, hope, things of life, good thoughts may,

In the pastoral rhapsody of the charity, these three; but the like birds, soar across mountaintwenty-third psalm, we read, "The greatest of these is charity,"(1 Cor. tops, golden fields of grain, the

Lord is my shepherd; I shall not 13:13.) wide sweep of the sea, rolling hills,

want."The calm assurance of For more good thoughts, let the and singing rivers—all working topeace contained in this great psalm mind dwell on the lives of those gether under the governing hand

may be felt in every phase of who have died for their convicof God. There is also a rewarding

human life. Many times these tions. Follow them through fire element of peace and refreshment

comforting words have been read and flood, fighting and enduring in just allowing the mind to bathe to persons moving out of this world great privations for a cause. Or itself in good and beautiful

into the great adventure beyond. stand upon a mountaintop and see thoughts.

With full confidence in the mesthe mighty picture God has painted Good thoughts inspire good sage, they look for their place for you. "The heavens declare the works, and good works are the

"beside the still waters."glory of God; and the firmament passport to heaven. O

May 1968 47 AllChurch Basketball Champions

Seventytwo teams competed in the finals of the (Utah) Ward of Weber Heights Stake beat Bennion Ward, allChurch basketball tournament during weeklong Taylorsville (Salt Lake County) Stake, 5040.

competition in Salt Lake City. In the 32team senior Winners of sportsmanship trophies were Mesa

division, Holladay Third Ward of the Holladay (Salt Lake (Arizona) First Ward, Maricopa Stake, senior division,

County) Stake defeated Baldwin Park (California) and Sugar City (Idaho) Ward, North Rexburg Stake, of the West Covina Stake, 7568, for first place. junior division. Most valuable player awards went to

College division champions are Brigham Young University Gary Stahl, Holladay Third Ward, and Corry Jones,

Third Ward, BYU Second Stake, who defeated Baldwin Park Ward, senior division; Rich Bennion, BYU

University of Utah Sixth Ward, University Second Stake, Third Ward, college division; and Henry Pluim,

8771. In the 32team junior division, South Weber South Weber Ward, junior division.

48 Improvement Era New University Presidents Dr. John T. Bernhard, dean of the College of Social

Sciences at Brigham Young University, has been named president of Western Illinois University. The

9,000student university is located at Macomb, Illinois, about 40 miles east of Nauvoo, center of early

Church history. The university is expected to increase to

18,000 students by 1975. Brother Bernhard

recently returned from two years as an adviser to the University of Minas Gerais in Brazil.

Dayton Superintendent

Dr. Glen L. Taggart, dean of International Studies Dr. Wayne M. Carle of

and Programs at Michigan State University, has been the Columbus (Ohio) named president of Utah State University at Logan, Utah. Second Ward has

He will succeed Dr. Daryl Chase, who will be named been named superintendent

president emeritus. Brother Taggart has served of the 60,000pupil

as vicechancellor of the University of Nigeria and as a Dayton, Ohio, public consultant to governments, universities, and school system. The district

foundations in 38 countries. has a total of 68

schools. Brother Carle

was formerly assistant state superintendent

of public instruction inThe LDS Scene Ohio.

Dramas Requested "Bye Bye, Birdie"to Europe

Nathan B. Hale, chairman of the Young Men's Mutual Fifteen Brigham Young University student cast

Improvement Association speech committee, members of the musical "Bye Bye, Birdie"are currently

Frances Boyden, chairman of the YWMIA drama committee, touring Europe for eight weeks for the U.S.

and Francis L. Urry, member of the YMMIA drama Department of Defense. The play, a spoof on teenage

committee, examine a new script submitted for Americans and their music idols, is directed publication in a new MIA play book. Playwrights are by Dr. Harold I. Hansen of BYU's Speech and Dramatic

encouraged to submit plays with plots that adhere Arts Department. Following the tour of U.S. military

to LDS standards. Productions featuring allgirl or mostly bases, the troupe will perform for two weeks in

girl casts are particularly needed. Plays should England and Scandinavia for members of the Church.

be sent to MIA Drama Committee, 79 South State, "Bye Bye, Birdie"is the third USOsponsored show

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111. presented by BYU.

May 1968 49 toMotherALetter I didn't understand, until later, give me. And since you are the bits of conversation I

the reason for the feeling of sadthe kind of mother you are, heard concerning the story ness that lay so heavily on my heart I know forgiveness is in of my birth. I began to unthat particular morning. It had your heart even before I ask derstand the great physical

started early, even before I had for it. sacrifice you made that I

risen from my bed. Indeed, it must As I think of the words I might possess a body and

have awakened me from a troubled should write, I remember the enter into this phase of my sleep, and I remained awake, years that have passed since probation. When I learned

struggling with a feeling of such my childhood - years of your that for many days after my inexpressible sadness that I had the love and sacrifice that are birth you hovered between strangest desire to weep, but I did now so vivid in my memory but life and death, I wondered, not know why. which, during those early and still ask the question:

During the remainder of those years, were so much taken can anything I do in life early hours I tried to recover from for granted. And I know you compensate for such sacrithe emotional disturbance within would not have had it otherfice?

me. After I arrived at my office, I wise, for thoughts of obli- I have tried to make comclosed the door and began sorting gation of child to parents pensation, but my efforts

the papers on my desk that needed would have taken away much fail when compared to the my attention: contracts and agreeof the happiness of that everincreasing sum of the

ments to be studied, corresponworld in which I lived. Howgifts I have received from

dence to be read, letters to be ever, if I had known then, or you and Dad, the teachings written. Letters! With a sudden if I had been capable of by precept and example that

twinge of conscience I remembered fully comprehending, your have guided my life and re- a letter I had neglected to write, sacrifices, the depth of my turned me, time after time, one that I had been telling myself gratitude and my acknowlto the straight path. Will

I would write—soon. How easy to edgment of it might have there be time in the eternipromise, and how easy to forget. been hastened. ties to make payment in

How natural to put off until a more For some reason my memory full? If not, how sweet the

convenient time that which did of those years is more vivid indebtedness and how tender not demand the present time. Well, this morning than ever beand loving the ones to whom

now was the time, and so I wrote: fore. As I sit here, it is as payment is due!

though you are very near to I have been reasonably

Dearest Mom: me. I almost feel your pressuccessful in my business

I have had such a feeling ence by my side. How wonderaffairs. Were it not that

of loneliness this morning ful is the truth revealed the thought is unkind, I that I feel the need to tell through the Prophet Joseph could almost wish that you you how much I love you and Smith - that our spirits, and Dad needed my help. But

miss the close companionthat eternal part of us, may even as I think of it I can ship I so much enjoyed when commune with each other and almost hear you say, as you

I was home with you and Dad. ignore the distances that have said many times, "Son,

If I have neglected to tell separate us your continued progress in you this as often as I As I grew older, I began the kingdom of God is, to us, should, I hope you will forto understand the meaning of more than payment in full

50 Improvement Era Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

By William T. Sykes Younglearn peoplea little andsometimesfeel theyseemhaveto learneddecide tomuchgo itmore,alone andin life.oftenTheyfail

Editorial Associate to seek counsel because they think they already know the answer—or at least the one they want. But none of us—at any age—is ever so

for all we have done. "Such old or so young, so knowledgeable or so selfassured that he doesn't need

counsel. When a person of much experience and much responsibility failsties of indebtedness add

to seek counsel, he has arrived at a precarious place. When a person ofstrength to the seal that

binds the children to their inexperience feels he doesn't need to listen, doesn't need to learn, he, too, has arrived at a precarious place. "They that will not be counselled,"saidfathers and mothers in love

If Franklin, she helped. Benjamin reason "cannot be you do not hearand gratitude throughout 1 will on the knuckles."or has knowledgeable rap you enough No one iseternity. There never fails

to be an endearing relationperspective enough to think of everything at once, to see all possible meanings in a clause or contract or commitment, or be aware of all theship between the giver of hazards, or see all sides of a subject. No one should write a letter ofthe gift and the receiver,

if spirits are in tune and serious commitment, put anything into print, or make a decision of conhearts are filled with love sequence in matters of marriage, money, career, or be enticed to sign and gratitude. I know it is or say yes to any plausible proposition, or make any quick or substantial

so, for I have felt it in my commitment of any kind without considering, reconsidering, and seeking life, and I have seen it in adequate counsel. Successful people need counsel. Unsuccessful people

yours. It is one of the few need counsel. The hasty impulse, the knowit-all attitude, the pride that

enduring things we can cling keeps us from asking—these are dangerous approaches to any problem.

to in this sadly mixedup From the youngest in years to the oldest of age, there is no one who can be always sure he is right, no one who has learned so much of lifeworld.

I hope your understanding that he doesn't need the counsel of others, and a prayerful approach to all problems. "Counsel with the Lord in all thy doings,"said Alma, "and in those will fillheart

he will direct thee for good...,"2 There is safety in counsel, no safety cannot grope for andwords I

find. And I wish, oh so earwithout it. "They that will not be counselled, cannot be helped."

nestly, there could be some 1Ben]amin Franklin, Autobiography.

way to hasten that time when Alma 37:37.

a child begins to fully understand and appreciate the Broadcasting* "The SpokenSystemWord"Februaryfrom Temple25, 1968.Square,Copyrightpresented1968.over KSL and the Columbia

love that lies in a mother's heart Your loving son, Small Daughter Sleeping Robert

By Pauline Havard I sat quietly for a moment and then folded the letter. I was placHer hands careless at her side;

ing it in an envelope when my She lies asleep on night's dark tide.

secretary entered, a telegram in her Cool, silver fingers of the moon hand. I opened it and read: Caress her form; the nightwinds croon,

Dear Son: Your mother Near her window, lullabies;

passed away early this mornThe day's wonder is sealed in her eyes.

ing. We had not known of her Seeing sweet lips, each small, curved cheek

heart condition. Her last Inspires a love that cannot speak;

words were, "Tell Robert I We tiptoe out, leaving her there, love him. "Dad O The starshine bright on outspread hair.

May 1968 51 "I'm a 17year-old girl who may as well be an orphan,"said one girl.

he learns the world is a lovely in which to live. The Presiding place

Bishop Talks he "Iflearnsa childto love."lives with acceptance,

To an extent, then, parents shape what their children become.

Parents will find, as their children approach the partial independence that comes with adolescence, that they will more and more mirror the teachings of the home, whethertoParents

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg those teachings have been given

explicitly or inadvertently by the parents. It is to these youth, our

Someone once discovered a iye has expressed this thinking as young men of the Aaronic Priestplant that had a root system, roots, follows: hood and our young ladies of MIA

and rootlets measuring 387 miles. age, that I would like to focus our

It is interesting that a compara- "If a child lives with criticism, attention. These are vital years,

tively simple rye plant has such an he learns to condemn. years of momentous pressures, of

extensive foundation. "If a child lives with hostility, he lifedetermining decisions, of nuWith the simple rye plant so learns to fight. merous temptations.

firmly attached to its source of "If a child lives with fear, he It is in these years that parents strength, it gives rise to the queslearns to be apprehensive. need to have a special awareness

tion: how firmly rooted are our "If a child lives with pity, he of their sons and daughters. And

children in the spiritual values of learns to feel sorry for himself. even though youth of this age

life? Have we provided them with "If a child lives with ridicule, he group begin to assert their inde-

a spiritual "root system"that will learns to be shy. pendence, they still have a particuenable them to withstand the "If a child lives with jealousy, he lar need for constructive discipline,

worldly storms of this day? If parlearns to feel guilty. for definite rules and instructions.

ents do not assist their children in "If a child lives tuith tolerance, These rules need to allow for indiachieving this spiritual grounding, he learns to be patient. vidual initiative and growth, but

it will, in all likelihood, never be "If a child lives with encouragethey also need to be firmly enaccomplished. ment, he learns to be confident. forced. This was indicated by a

There is no influence in a youth's "If a child lives with praise, he letter printed in a nationally syndilife that is so vital and determining learns to be appreciative. cated column: "I'm a 17year-old

as the influence exerted by parents "If a child lives with approval, girl who may as well be an orphan.

—whether that influence be conhe learns to like himself. My folks don't care what I do. I

structive or otherwise. In a very "If a child lives icith recognition, can go any place, with anyone, at

real sense, a child is a reflection of he learns to have a goal. anytime. No questions are ever

his home and his parents. Mahatma "If a child lives with honesty, he asked.... All teenagers need rules

Gandhi once said, "My life is my learns what truth is. to follow. It makes them feel as

message."This is also true for par- "If a child lives with security, he though somebody really cares

ents. A parent's happiness, problearns to have faith in himself and about them."

lems, goals, beliefs, and philosophy others. Young people need, and expect,

all influence his child. D. L. Law "If a child lives with friendliness, parents to establish guidelines for

52 Improvement Era "My parents don't care what I do."

them to follow. The Lord holds the their fundamental attitudes toward

same expectations of parents. His life, their moral standards, intheir

thinking in this matter is illustrated homes....

by the way he dealt with Eli, a "What appears to be happening priest of ancient Israel. Eli failed throughout the country, in the cities

to correct his wayward sons, and and in the suburbs, among the poor thus came this firm rebuke from and among the wellto-do, is that the Lord: "And the Lord said to parental, and especially paternal,

Samuel, Behold, I will do a thing authority over young people is bein Israel, at which both the ears of coming iceaker."

every one that heareth it shall The way to decrease the rate of tingle. crime among our youth, the way

"In that day I will perform to build a generation of youth with against Eli all things which I have moral strength and high ideals, is Parachute spoken concerning his house: when not through governmentsubsidized a%

I. begin, I will also make an end. programs, but rather through each

"For I have told him I will judge parent realizing that his role as ComPIetel3f Washable his house for ever for the iniquity a parent is his most important which he knoweth; because his role. Some parents need to return becauseNo longerof willits youweight.leave yourThe Carilytetent at hometent

sons made themselves vile, and he the home to the important role manufactured by Clark Balloon is almost restrained them not. that the Lord declares it should dutylighterripstopthan air!nylon,Madethis oftentstrong,comesspecialwith

"And therefore I have sworn have in our lives. The Prophet's these important features: sewnin ripstop

unto the house of Eli, that the statement, "No other success can floor,pered nylonflaps, nettedspecial doorvelcroandzipperswindow,to sealzipiniquity of Eli's house shall not be compensate for failure in the in netting, large front and rear rain flaps, purged with sacrifice nor offering home,"needs to be more than allwashednylonandropedried,(30 foldsfeet),to easilysmall packagemachine for ever."(1 Sam. 3:1114.) quoted—it needs to be believed and and "breathes"like canvas! For those who

The United States today is sufapplied. Through the family home preferis speciallyto leaveconstructedtheir polesto home,be pitchedthis tentby

fering, literally, because of lack of evening, parents have one of the using trees or other local supports.

leadership and discipline in the great tools for raising a choice Specifications home. The National Crime Comfamily. Neglect of this inspired Weight:Floor: 5x72.4 poundsfeet 30Height:feet 44nyloninchesrope

mission, which recently reported to program can result in the family be- $90.00 value, cost (Limited time only) $35.50*

the President, lays much of the coming less than what it might be. FoldAwayStake Set16Aluminumoz Pole & $ 4.50*

blame for the crime problem (of The responsibility of parents to Make check or money order payable to:

which "youth is apparently responteach their children has been with sible for a substantial and disprous since Adam's day. The prophets CLARK BALLOON

portionate part") on parents. The gave this counsel to ancient Israel: 2910 South 200 East #1

commission's report makes this "And ye shall teach them to your Salt*PriceLakeincludesCity, salesUtah tax84115and shipping costs statement: children, speaking of them when (Please type or print)

"The programs and activities of thou sittest in thine house, and almost every kind of social instituwhen thou walkest by the way, Address tion with which children liest come thou in when down, and when City State Zip j contact—schools, socialchurches, risest thou up."(Deut. 11:19.)

Specify desired color and number service agencies, youth organizathis counsel While new, may not be Green Total Tents $ i tions—are predicated on the asits application has never Yellowbeen Pole and

sumption that children acquire needed more. O Gold Stake Sets $ |

Enclosed $!

Please write for information on Carilyte family tents available

May 1968 53... Arabs who have died of thirst

in the night only a few feet from water.

It makes no difference how far one has come or how near one may be to the water—he who has not gone

all the way cannot drink.

Illustrated fay Dave Burton

at the A NewLook Pearl ofGreat Price Part 2. May We See Your Credentials'?

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

At this point of the journey some with their commentaries, has not were, individually and collectively, to footsore tourists are asking their amaraised a single new question, though, make a pronouncement on the Book of teur guide why he insists on leading as we shall see, it has solved some old Abraham. That, after all, is the crux

the party through the Dismal Swamp ones. 1 of the whole business, and it will reinstead of taking them right to the If the knowledge of Egyptologists is main so as long as it is assumed that

Giant Redwoods, It is because the greater today than it was in 1912, their whoever knows most about a subject

Book of Abraham criticism has never authority is less, for it is doubtful must have all the answers. Bishop

gotten out of the bog; we must become whether any living scholar could or Spalding's boast was that he had made

familiar with its depressing terrain should ever hope to enjoy the enor- "an extensive inquiry among the because we and all the other critics mous prestige of a Petrie, Meyer, scholars of the world,"and had enof that book are still stuck in it. The Breasted, von Bissing, or Sayce. But the listed the services of "leading scholars

situation today is virtually identical appeal is still as much as ever to authroughout the civilized world,"his with that of 1912; even the presence on thority, and that is why it is now high work being thus "an anthology of

the scene of some of the original time that somebody ask the question opinions of authoritative scholars...

papyri, including those used by the that has never been raised by anybody judgments of the world's greatest

Prophet in preparing the text of the yet, namely, just how well equipped Egyptologists."2 At no time did the

Book of Abraham and the Facsimiles Dr. Spalding's illustrious jury really Mormons or anyone else ever chal54 Improvement Era

lenge the right of the committee to with sheer walls hundreds of feet high, wrong], Ph.D., Western Theological

its claims to learned preeminence. "I and must either turn back or seek to Seminary, Custodian Hibbard Collectook no issue with the Egyptologists,"find the head of the canyon and go tion Egyptian Reproductions."The

wrote Dr. John A. Widtsoe. "... I around it. This can make a trip to 32year-old Mercer, with his shiny new

shall not allow myself to be drawn Canyonlands a very frustrating experitwo-yearold Ph.D. degree from Muinto any discussion of the meaning of ence. It makes little difference nich, had just transferred from a semiEgyptian hieroglyphics, which you whether the walls that drop off at our nary in Kansas to the one in Chicago,

have agreed to make clear to us."3 feet are 100 or 1,000 feet high, and it there to become "Professor of Hebrew

The big question of the authenticity makes no difference at all whether the and the Interpretation of the Old of the Book of Abraham is one that big gap is 50 feet wide or a mile Testament."5 It was Mercer who, after

must be broken down into many across—in either case you are stopped the others had withdrawn, encouraged

smaller questions, and the questions cold. his superior to carry on: "... in this

that will occur to various investigators So it is with the Book of Abraham. particular case I think you are right in

differ greatly, depending on their We either have the knowledge requifollowing up what you have already various lines of approach. An Egyptolsite to understanding it all the way done; and I shall be glad to help you

ogist will ask questions that would or we do not, and we would be just as as far as my time will permit...."6

never occur to a layman, a Bible stufar from the mark in claiming such Mercer not only spearheaded the atdent will ask questions that one indifknowledge today as the scholars were tack in 1912 but, interestingly enough, ferent to the Bible would never think in 1912. Knowing a lot is not enough: he is the one man who has returned to

to ask, and a believer will ask queswe have heard moving stories of wanthe fray in our generation, having tions that mean little or nothing to an dering Arabs who have died of thirst written as late as 1953 confirming his unbeliever. Among such questions, in the night only a few feet from water. position of 19 12. 7 At last report he was

that of the competence of any jury to It makes no difference how far one has still going strong, and we wish him judge of the inspiration of the Pearl come or how near one may be to the well, for he was not only a man of of Great Price is entirely irrelevant. water—he who has not gone all the great courtesy and kindness but in

Whatever competence any.such jury way cannot drink. None have dis1956 sold his splendid Egyptian library,

may have is bound to appear inevitably coursed more eloquently than the the fruit of a long lifetime of diligent in the nature of the questions they Egyptologists themselves on their collecting, to the BYU at a price that ask and the answers they supply. But perennial predicament, which is that can only be described as generous.

since in this particular case the board though they may be much nearer their This has put us in possession not only of experts asked no questions (!), and goals than they once were, like the of all of Dr. Mercer's published works,

since the professional standing of its benighted Arab they have no means of but also of nearly all the Egyptian members turned out to be not merely knowing how much nearer or even sources he used in preparing them.

the principal but the only support for whether they have been moving in the Since then we have spent many hunthe Spalding thesis, the question of right direction or not. Their uncerdreds of hours among Mercer's books

their competence, no matter how imtainty is echoed in a remark of de marked with his own countless penpertinent or embarrassing it might be, Rouge: "Champollion had to contend ciled annotations, and so have come

cannot be avoided. It is the one quesall his life against lively and obstinate to feel that we know him well, havtion that should have been asked opposition. He died, and scholarship ing acquired a very strong and clear

before all others, and it so happens stood still for twentyfive years,"for impression of the method and depth that it is also the one question that nothe great man's critics "did not even of his scholarship. Fortunately we

body ever asked. have the courage to profit by his discan leave all comments on these to

If "in a matter of this kind [as coveries."4 The whole history of authentic Egyptologists whom we

Spalding puts itj most of us must Egyptology is, as Maspero observed quote below.

form our judgment from the opinions from time to time, a warning against Of all Bishop Spalding's helpers, Dr.

of competent experts,"the question for that peculiar overconfidence that is Mercer was by far the hardest on the all to keep in mind at all times is born of a safe and timid conformity. Mormons. Had he taken any other

whether or not the experts have And it is doubtful if any other Egyptolposition than that of absolute cerbridged the gap between our world ogist ever exemplified more fully the tainty of his own sufficiency and and the world of Abraham. That gap predicament of the specialist in that fierce and unrelenting denunciation of

may not be as wide today as it was field than Professor S. A. B. Mercer. Joseph Smith, to whom he conceded

half a century ago, but it is just as absoAs we have seen, the Bishop's rightnot the slightest glimmer of sense or lute. This is no paradox. Traveling hand man throughout the controversy integrity, Dr. Mercer would not have

in the "red rock country,"one somewas the "Reverend Professor C. A. B. been the legitimate target he is, or

times comes upon an abrupt canyon Mercer [Spalding got the initials invited by way of rebuttal examination

May 1968 55 "Still harping on translation, the 'clearcut translation'—and nobody had translated a word!"

of his boasted competence, for never "The animus evident... is purely by him,"justifying his criticism not

was there a man who was more sure of because of linguistic, and not because by contrary evidence but by the sage his scholarship, more wholeheartedly of religious reasons.... the scholars and learned platitude that "origins

dedicated to the learned establishfelt that linguistically... the subject and borrowings are very difficult things

ment as such. The young seminarist was not worth much of their valuable to determine and establish."He

is quite intoxicated with the importime.... They condemned it purely should have thought of that when he

tance of being a recognized scholar; he on the linguistic grounds,"and the so lightly brushed the Facsimiles aside.

never lets us forget that he is a scholar Mormons deserve "a scorn which was Dr. Mercer cautions us that in reading

speaking with the authority of scholardue to the crudeness of the linguistic the work of Breasted "the student must ship. Above all, he prides himself on work of the Prophets,"etc. 11 "The be on his guard against the results of

competence as a linguist. "I speak as translations were absolutely wrong in an enthusiasm, legitimate in itself, but

a linguist,"he wrote in 1912, "when every detail,"Mercer had declared, not always helpful in attempting to

I say that if Smith knew Egyptian and he should know, since all Egyparrive at sound conclusions."All very

and correctly interpreted the factian documents "can be read with patronizing, very much the cautious similes which were submitted to me, comparative ease."12 scientist and scholar. He tells us that

then I don't know a word of Egyptian. The Mormons, whom Mercer disBreasted's "'messiamism'cannot be

Any pupil of mine who would show misses as mere "laymen in things found in Egyptian texts no matter such absolute ignorance of Egyptian Egyptian,"need not feel too badly how sympathetically they may be as Smith does, could not possibly exunder the lash of his scorn, however, studied and interpreted. Breasted has

pect to get more than a zero in an for Mercer's own colleagues, including done his best to find it, but the reader examination in Egyptology."8 "If he the foremost Egyptologists of the time, may be left to judge of his own

[Dr. Widtsoe] knew anything about were not spared his withering rebukes, success."14

linguistic work of the nature of hieronay, even fellow members of the Again, instead of doing any real glyphics he would not ask such Spalding committee do not escape his work in showing where Breasted is question, for any ancient linguist twoedged sword of science and scholwrong, Mercer leaves the decision with knows that the unanimous testimony arship. the reader—an odd procedure indeed

of eight scholars is the same as that When the great Breasted, Mercer's for one who worships authority and of eighty and eight."1 'Any linguist teacher, published his Dawn of Conmerely tolerates the layman. As in

knows nothing of the sort, but what a science, one of the freshest and most his dealings with the Mormons a production Dr. Mercer makes of it! original works ever written about decade earlier, Mercer in his reviews in

When in 1953 a zealous collector of Egypt, Mercer, as editor and reviewer Egyptian Religion rarely gives the antiMormon tidbits asked Professor of the shortlived journal Egyptian reader anything to go on but his opinMercer whether he still maintained his Religion, could only report, "There is ion—but when it is his opinion against

position as of 1912/13, the Doctor revery little that is new revealed in this that of a giant like Breasted, what are plied by letter, "I am sure that my book,"and chided its author for "exwe to think?

views on the subject have not changed, cessive use of superlatives... which In another review Dr. Mercer critibecause the translation was so clearcannot fail to irritate a bit, especially cized S. H. Hooke for employing

cut."10 Still harping on translation, the when some of the superlatives are not exactly the same method in defense of

1S Mercer never explains "patternism"that Mercer himself had"clearcut"translation—and nobody justifiable.

had translated a word! In dealing with why the superlatives are not justified, recommended in attacking the Pearl of

the Mormons Mercer clings to the unless it is because true, sound, cauGreat Price: "After formulating his

linguistic issue because it is there tious scholars are never guilty of using theory Hooke gets six scholars, experts alone that he has the Mormons at a superlatives. He objects to Breasted's in their own department of Oriental

complete disadvantage. "This will be dating of an important document as research, to try to illustrate or prove

a purely literary and scientific test.""an example of too many assumptions his theory."This method he finds al56 Improvement Era

together too "imaginative"and unbelieves he has found evidence to experts was Professor George A. Barton.

trustworthy. 1 "'But was it not Mercer prove a primitive belief in one great And how does Dr. Mercer deal with

himself who only a short time before world god. This to my mind shows a Dr. Barton? Of his Semitic and

had insisted that "the unanimous complete misunderstanding of the naHamitic Origins, the Reverend Mercer opinion of the scholars is unassailable,"ture of primitive thought and underwrites: "... all such collections of

and that "the practical agreement of standing."13 Just where has the great deductions, possibilities and probaeleven admittedly competent OrientalJunker failed? "... his idea of a bilities are doomed by nature to be

ists"should be final proof, and that primitive universal god in ancient superceded,"and this particular book "the unanimous testimony of eight Egypt [is] an idea which really has "contains too many fanciful as well scholars is the same as that of eighty no foundation in fact."- as bold deductions for its destiny to be

and eight"? Speaking exactly as if This is a very serious challenge inotherwise."24 In dealing with Egypt

he were attacking the Mormons, Merdeed, but Dr. Mercer does not bother in particular, according to Mercer, Dr.

cer notes that Professor Blackmann in to show us what the real factual Barton "has very often fumbled very attempting to support "strikes a foundation is: against Junker's solid badly.""Throughout the book there

deadly blow at the pattern theory of and original work he is content to are far too many hypotheses without the editor"by suggesting that "the place the opinions of contemporary adequate foundation... the reader

original 'pattern'was not a product of anthropology. 21 We may excuse him must be on guard to check every stateEgypt but an importation thither."10 for thrusting aside W. E. Oesterley ment, and especially all words and

Yet Egyptian origin is not an essential and T. H. Robinson's famous Introphrases in Egyptian, Coptic, etc....

condition to the pattern theory at all duction to the Books of the Old as for French, German and English the

Mercer has missed the point, but how Testament as practically worthless; 22 misprints and errors are legion."25 He

familiar his scolding sounds! Shortly but when he chides the immortal A. recommends that any future edition

before this Mercer had dismissed in Erman for negligence in his specialty of the book "should be rigorously retwo sentences A. Jeremias's truly rewe wonder if he may not be going too vised,"and "while for students of

markable work, Der Kosmqs von far: "Like many other Egyptologists Semitic origins the book will be found

Sumer, with crushing finality: "Of who have written on the subject, of considerable value, when used with

course, Dr. Jeremias has his own speErman uses such terms as 'monocaution, the same cannot, however, be

cial and peculiar ways of interpreting theism'in a very loose sense, without said of students of Egyptian origins."20

ancient cosmic ideas...."17 Of course, defining what he understands by As ever, Mercer plays up his role as

indeed—that is just what made 'monotheism,'"—though Erman had that of super linguist and Egyptologist.

Jeremias a great scholar, but for Mercer written a whole book on the subject. Barton's worst offense, however, is

it is the unpardonable sin of deviating Mercer is good enough to explain that that when he comes to treat the from the respectable conventions of he believes in "modern, scientific Sumerian flood story he does not even the establishment: no explanations are monotheism,"whatever that is.- 3 refer to Mercer's work on the subject;

indicated; Mercer dismisses Jeremias The last of the auxiliary troops to and though he mentions Mercer's own

with a magisterial wave of the hand. rush to Dr. Spalding's assistance when work on Babylonian religion, "he canHe is even more patronizing in dealhe found himself entangled in the not have read the book which he so

ing with Arthur Weigall, who had contradictory statements of the other lightly brushes aside."26 O

been the inspectorgeneral of antiqui- (To be continued) ties for the Egyptian government since FOOTNOTES 1905, with an impressive list of imporaEven the astonishing disproportion between Ihid., p. 71.

tant archaeological publications to his thebrevitybulkof ofthethetextBookfrom ofwhichAbrahamJosephandSmiththe Ibid.,lbid., Vol.p. 85.1 (1933), p. 84.

credit. "Weigall's academic preparation asseems1915to byhavethe derivedlast of theit wasofficialnotedSpaldingas long supago Ihid.,mbid., Vol.Vol. 2,1, p.p. 75.38.

Vol. in Digest, Literary G. p. 64. Banks, 3 mbid., E. The (1935),did enter to enable not very. ". him 65. Ibid., p. 66: the hieroglyphic 10, p. 1915, deeply Julyporters,

2l is Dr. his short, in has confidence translation great Smith's. Mercer inscription very but own

intricateinto of editing problems more to into primitive: see capacity it of the the printed of of thirty matter."pages covers mind

".. just of as imagination children the in 691. Vol. Era, 16, p. =Quoted

texts translating andand commenting less.restrainedand that of so theis than grownups, Vol. 617. *Era, 16, p.

upon them.... his lack of training Vol.4M.26,de p.Rouge,228. in Bihliothcquc Egy ptologiciue, imaginationactive than ourof primitiveown. So themenmenwas ofvastlyEgyptmoresaw

in philology led him into serious diffiVol."For1 (Sept.vital statistics,1913), No.see 1, thep. 3,Utahand Survey,Who's heavenover them.as.an.."immenseS. A. B.friendlyMercer, cowThe standingReligion

culties."1 * Always the language busiWho'Quoted(London),in Era,1967.Vol. 16, p. 611. of21. AncientIn the Egyptmargin (London:of one of Luzac,J. Cerny's1949),worksp.

ness. More serious is his casual circulatedThis letter,by LaMardated Feb.Petersen19, 1953,along haswithbeenhis doms,on the Dr.religionMercerof thehas Oldwrittenand Middleone eloquentKingdismissal of the work on Egyptian reown(BYUletterFile toM1268.)Dr. Mercer, dated Dec. 16, 1952. wordaccepts--"Absurd!"without questionIn his theownoncework,fashionableMercer

ligion of one of the greatest of all Era,"Era, Vol.loc. 16,cit., p.and615.pp. 45556, 617; Utah butkey longoutmodedto the understandingtheory ofof animismearly Egyptianas the

Egyptologists, Hermann Junker: "But Survey,]0See Vol.above,1, notep. 30.7. religion;"-In Egyptianibid., p. Religion,299. Vol. 3, p. 115.

curiously enough,"says Mercer, speaki2Era,"All fromVol. the16, Utahp. 612.Survey, Vol. 1, pp. 7-11. mbid.,-'Ibid., pp.Vol. 160f.3, p. 160.

ing of Junker's fundamental thesis, "he 2 13S.(1934),A. B.p. Mercer,70. in Egyptian Religion, Vol. -*Ibid.,BIbid., p.Vol.162.3, p. 161.

May 1968 57 emergency or for short periods of time, it may be necessary for a husband to work at two jobs. For

instance, it may be a way of allowing a mother to stay home with a family. And for those ambixtra young

tious enough to build up a savings account or to maintain their credit rating by meeting financial obligations, this may be worth considerCLJL ing.

However, certain precautions should be taken to avoid dangers inherent in this practice. (1) Once

a family becomes accustomed to the extra income, it is difficult to cut back and live on a single income. A law of finance says that

expenses will always rise to meet income. (2) All too often, such extra

strain gives rise to health problems.

Turning Financial Folly Into Family Fun (PartV) Extra income is not worth the risk of a father's becoming physically or emotionally incapacitated. (3) Two

Conclusion jobs will almost preclude a person's contributing to the Lord's work by

By Dr. Qufnn G. McKay accepting positions of responsiDean, School of Business and Economics. bility in the Church. (4) Too little

Weber State College time is spent with children.

For many families in this modern someone who is displaying these In the days when families lived day, it sometimes seems that the labels of affluence. Recognizing on farms or engaged in home infather who has just one job fails to and admitting to a desire to emudustry, long hours of work were

provide what is regarded as an late the neighbors is the first step not so critical to family solidarity, adequate income. This month we for a family to take in controlling because a father generally worked

shall explore possibilities for supthe urge to keep up with the side by side with his children.

plementing the single salary or Joneses. This is why people should Urban living allows a father to

wage. not buy or rent a home in an area spend but a few—often hecticBefore we discuss them, it might where other families have signifiminutes with his family. When a

be appropriate to refer to one cantly higher incomes. Unless the child asks, "Daddy, come and play

of the ideas of a previous articleentire family has unusual selfwith me,"a father should think that is, the greatest opportunity for discipline, such circumstances will twice before he says, "You'll have keeping income and outgo in line breed discontent and frustration. to wait until tomorrow. I don't

lies in controlling the urge to Seeking sources for extra income have time."If you wait until you

spend. can be helpful if caution is taken have time, the youngster may never

Holding the family's desires to see that the individual's health ask again.

within the father's salary is the key. or the family's wellbeing is not 2. Working wives can provide

Keeping up with the Joneses is a endangered. Let us analyze some another source of extra income. For

realistic disease with which one possibilities for obtaining the addisome, it may be essential or desirmust reckon. If one sees the neightional cash. able. A widow with children often

bors with a new car or boat or tak- 1. Moonlighting, is the practice has no choice but to get a job. A

ing a long vacation, he usually has of holding down a second job. A young wife may work to help prothe urge to acquire the same, surprisingly large number of family vide the family income so her huswhereas such an urge is not so supporters engage in moonlighting. band can complete his education.

likely to arise if one is not around In times of temporary financial Times of temporary financial stress

58 Improvement Era STEVIE BROWN SAYS:

WE ARE THE HEADQUARTERS may necessitate a wife's working.

An older woman with no children at home may want to do something to feel she is contributing. As a

result of the use of modern conveniences in the home, homemaking may no longer be a fulltime job for a very active woman with no children. However, such women

may consider volunteer work and projects as a means of selffulfill- ment.

Some working mothers argue that they spend just as much time with the children when they work as when they don't. They go to

work just before the children go to school and get home shortly after they return. But it is not always

the amount of time one spends with children that is critical; it is

the kind of time. "Where the World

A wife who goes to work just to Registers"get over a temporary financial problem may find herself working Your next trip to Denver—the climate capital of America—

indefinitely for reasons already will be most memorable when mentioned. Before going to work you stay at the Brown Palace. FOR THE

every wife should remember that 600 air conditioned rooms the family has needs other than suites and executive roomsmaterial needs. Often, the emofive famous restaurants 12"NEWOFFICIALtional needs are far more vital than complete convention

clothes, fancy food, new cars, or a accommodations SLOW PITCH television set. Many times the

harmful effects of the mother's To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE SOFTBALL

absence from the home are not evident for months or even years.

Seldom is the good or harm done KARL W. MEHLMANN,RepresentedGeneral Managerby: ievens

on a specific day measurable at MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNERsundown. New York City rown OlUKIo

In attempting to gain more GLENNLos AngelesW. FAWCETT 1176phone.EAST 487772621st SOUTH

money, the family should always remember to keep first things first.

It is a matter of attitude. The family is the first and most important

consideration. Wages, salaries, SOMETHING YOU SH0ULDNUJ1SS

homes, and vacations should have as their main purpose promoting the solidarity of the family groupand the perfecting of the individual FOOD STORAGE members. Never let money or BOOKLET

material acquisitions become an WHAT SHOULD WE STORE?

end in and of themselves.

Don't turn family fun into finanSTORING TO PREVENT SPOILAGE cial folly! O GroupsendRatesus Available.funds nviHiiwnROTATION tlmr,PLAN EIV.ETC

W. D. BATCHELOR & ASSOCIATES

61 BEACON AVENUE L.AYTON, UTAH 84041

May 1968 59 KodakKim DEVELOPING SAVES50X FAST, CONVENIENT QUALITY SERVICE CUT OUT AND USE THIS HANDY FORM

COLOR

K0DAC0L0R Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints

8 Exposure Rolls:...$2.55 Save 77<

12 Exposure Rolls:.. $3.00 Save $1.48

Reprints from NegS:. $.20 ea. Save 9f

Super Size Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater

Picture Area

KODACHROME or EKTACHROME Developed into Slides or Movie Film 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides:

$1.35 Save 75*

35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides:

$2.40 Save $1.00

Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll:

$1.35 Save75<

BLACK & WHITE

Developing and Jumbo Prints

8 Exposure Rolls $.85 Save 51c

12 Exposure Rolls $1.00 Save 88c

D 20 Exposure Rolls $1.35 Save $1.45

36 Exposure Rolls $2.00 Save $2.72

Lest We Forget GENEALOGY PHOTOS

Negatives from old photos:

$.60 Save 40*

Prints from negatives: $.08 Save 4*

INSTRUCTIONS: Check your order above and fill The Manti Temple

in below entire name and address form Wrap film around and include your exposed in heavy duty envelope along with your remittance No By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

C.O.D.'s please order: Minimum $1.00 We Research Editor

full pay return postage credit You receive for any unprintable negatives or any overpayment.

Utah residents add 3Vi% State Sales Tax. For eight decades—80 magnificent years—the Manti

NAME (PLEASE PRINT) Temple has stood overlooking Utah's Sanpete Valley, providing a haven where the faithful come to receive

ADDRESS their blessings for time and eternity. The Manti

CITY ZIP STATE Temple was dedicated privately by Wilford Woodruff

Check if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no charge May 17, 1888, and publicly by Lorenzo Snow on

May 21, 1888.

YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR The boundaries of the Manti Temple district were

MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED specified in a circular issued by the First Presidency

MAIL TODAY TO and Council of the Twelve October 25, 1876.

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

60 Improvement Era

"Here is the spot where the prophet Moroni stood and dedicated this piece of land...."

Early on the morning of April 25, 1877, President had survived. This was considered a blessing, as the

Brigham Young asked Warren S. Snow to go with him carcasses were given to the Indians, some of whom

to temple hill. Brother Snow related: "We two were were not as friendly as at first had been supposed.

alone; President Young took me to the spot where the With the arrival of the first hot weather in 1850,

Temple was to stand; we went to the southeast rattlesnakes emerged from those rocks and tried to

corner, and President Young said: 'Here is the spot take possession of everything. Armed with torches

where the prophet Moroni stood and dedicated this and anything else available, the settlers went to battle.

piece of land for a Temple site and that is the reason More than 300 snakes were killed, and miraculously, why the location is made here, and we can't move it no one was bitten.

from this spot....'"(Orson F. Whitney, Life of President Brigham Young visited in August 1850

Heber C. Kimball [first edition], p. 447.) and stood inside their log stockade looking at the

Later in the day, as ground was broken, President settlers, understanding their hearts. Then, pointing

Young said: "We now call upon the people... for to quarry hill, he promised that one day a temple

men to come here with teams and wagons, plows and would stand on the top of it, overlooking the valley.

scrapers, picks and shovels, to prepare this ground During the summer of 1856, when food was scarce, for the mason work. Let this work be commenced "pigweed"sprang up in abundance on the south side

forthwith; and as soon as possible we shall expect of quarry hill. This edible plant was harvested each

from 50 to 100 men every working day throughout morning and boiled, to be served with what little the season to labor here.... We want to rear this other food the people had. The plant has not grown

temple with clean hands and pure hearts...."( James there since, disappearing as mysteriously as it came.

E. Talmage, The House of the Lord, p. 226. Scandinavian converts to the Church first settled

Excavation work was begun April 30, with about in Sanpete County in 1853, and the area has long one hundred people first kneeling in prayer. It took been known as a center for Scandinavians.

two years of blasting and scraping to get the site For 11 years the people worked hard and long on ready for the cornerstones, which were laid April 14, the Manti Temple before it was finished and dedi1879, and then the laying of the walls began. The cated. The twintowered structure is 171 feet in

Manti oolite taken from the hill on which the temple length, 95 feet in extreme width. The walls are threestand is a granular rock, uniform in grain and of a and-a-half feet thick at the base, with buttresses four

fine cream color. The building material had been feet in thickness, and both walls and buttresses narused extensively in Sanpete County, and in 1852, one row as they rise. The tower at the east rises to 179

piece of Manti stone was sent to Washington, D.C., feet, ten feet higher than the west tower. Each tower

as Utah Territory's contribution to the Washington is 30 feet square at the base. The groundlevel surMonument. rounding the temple is some 60 feet higher than the

Construction workers did not receive money for street at the foot of the hill.

their work on the temple. Church members conThe interior of the building has two spiral stairtributed food and other farm products toward the cases extending from the basement to the roof. Engi-

"temple fund."Eggs laid on Sunday were called "temneers and architects have acclaimed them remarkable

ple eggs"and were given for the temple. in workmanship. In each case the center is open,

The people of Manti were as hardy and as strong without any supporting column, and the walnut railas the temple they were building. They had come ings and balusters, winding up 90 feet, with 155 steps

to the area in November 1849 on invitation of the Ute through five stories, form a symmetrical coil, perIndian Chief Walker. Isaac Morley, their leader, fectly plumb from top to bottom. There are few such

named the new city "Manti"after the Book of Mormon staircases in America. Two of them are in this grand

city. Most of the settlers spent the first winter in old temple, built by craftsmen when Manti was still

dugouts beneath the hill of solid rock that later was a pioneer village.

to be their temple site. Spiritually the Manti Temple is a light and a center

That winter was severe. Men and boys worked for the people of central Utah even as the physical

daily shoveling snowdrifts from grass so that starving building is a beacon, seen for miles, guiding travelers cattle could eat. Horns on the cattle were filed sharp approaching it. May the Manti Temple continue to

to give them some protection in fights with ravenous be the center and the goal of those who reside in that wolves. By spring less than half of the 240 cattle district for many times the just completed 80 years.

O

May 1968 61 Xlfc; V-yLLLuUJL Chi

and Spiritual Your Family will come Running, Too! Influenoes

the flavor aroma and oftlieBible bread, homeFor baked rolls of otherfresh and is bakery, something all love. we

And, when you fresh use ground By Robert J. Matthews flour, whole wheat your stonehome made

bread, pancakes, buns cakes and will all vital supply rolls,the energy and vitamins in the whole grain.

Help your family reap the harvest of health and nutrition found in whole grain wheat. Write today for free

information Lee on at candidate a doctoral and Robert Brigham Matthews, Young University, Flour recipes and whole wheatMills Bake Household100%fresh usingsome for director the of the Church seminaries research and institutes with bread flour.whole flour wheat and academic

in Fifth Stake. is a high councilor let the taste School System, your family BYU difference. the

Send Deaf Smith Flour, freshly WholeSI. 50 Wheatfor 5#in a ground Mill. Lee

IE 5-68

IE 5-68 LEE ENGINEERING CO. Steward Robertson once wrote of of men and women on several con2023 W. Wiwoniin Ave., Milwaukee, Wii. 53201 the Bible: tinents for thousands of years. This

"The Bible is an alltime best influence is evident in our lanseller. It is a book with which most guage, our literature, art, and

of us pretend familiarity, and yet, music, our legal code, our organionce we emerge from our ambuszations, customs, and mannerisms, cade of pride, it leaves us humble and even some of our forms of in our ignorance. It is the highestrecreation. It permeates our whole

priced book in the world; it is also society.

the cheapest. It is guarded as a The "Ward Teaching Message"

prize in great libraries and mufor March 1961, issued by The seums, yet we keep it confidently Church of Jesus Christ of Latterin our homes. It is crystal clear; day Saints, had these statements:

at the same time it is one of the "The Bible has had a more pro-- most mysterious of volumes."1 found influence upon mankind

The Bible has been called the than any book ever published. It

Book, the Good Book, and the Book has been translated into [hundreds of Books. of] languages and is distributed in

It is impossible to measure the every country. The Bible satisfies

influence that the Bible has had the uppermost yearnings of the on the human family; yet one is human heart. It confirms the exisable to grasp something of the tence of God....

magnitude of its impact throughout "The framework. of Christian

a great portion of the world, parreligion, present society, and ticularly in western Civilization. western civilization is founded

Spirituality and culture, being upon the Holy Bible....

somewhat intangible, cannot be "The most farreaching influmeasured precisely. One can only ence, however, has been upon man

conclude that the Bible has afhimself. The loftiest ideals of culfected the thinking and the actions ture and refinement had their

62 Improvement Era origin in this book. The greatest Yet Israel, which produced the forted, and made happy in secret

painters and musical composers Bible and which in modern times moments of meditation about the reached the peak of their creative has so profoundly influenced the contents of the Bible can never be powers when reproducing Bible rest of the world in all of these recorded in any earthlv book.

characters and themes.... The things, was not greatly noted for Henry Van Dyke discussed the

Bible has inspired more goodness art, sculpture, music, language, or Bible's influence on works of art in than any other book ever written. literature in biblical times. This is these words:

The most noble souls measure the not to discredit nor lessen the "Suppose, for example, that it extent of their moral responsibility house of Israel as a people; it is to were possible to dissolve away all

and pattern their lives to conform define more precisely Israel's misthe works of art which clearly owe to the teachings it so eloquently sion on the earth and to discover their being to thoughts, emotions, advocates. the source of her genius. or visions derived from the Bible-

"The message of the Bible is the Although other nations have all sculpture like Donatello's David essence of hope. It builds faith in found ways to develop the visible and Michelangelo's Moses; all

the hearts of its readers. Whether manifestations of divine truth in painting like Raphael's Sistine

in a state of despair, or of joyful expressions of music, painting, Madonna and Murillo's Holy Famemotion, there is a message in the sculpture, literature, and other arts, ily; all music like Bach's Passion

Bible to stabilize us."the divine spark that kindled the and Handel's Messiah; all poetry

Henry Van Dyke likewise wrote flame is rooted first in the inspiralike Dante's Divine Comedy and of the Bible in these 1 descriptive tion and genius that God gave to Milton's Paradise Lost,—how it

words: his chosen servants who recorded would impoverish the world."3

"Born in the East and clothed in the pages of holy writ. Revelation The list could include an almost

Oriental form and imagery, the from God was the source, transendless number of oratorios, canBible walks the ways of all the mission into the lives of human tatas, paintings, works of sculpture, world with familiar feet and enters beings the mission, of Israel. (See spirituals, hymns, sacred songs,

land after land to find its own 2 Ne. 29:4.) Israel's mission in the and other works of art of lasting

everywhere. It has learned to world is a spiritual mission, and significance.

speak in hundreds of languages to Israelite prophets and apostles In discussing the influence of the heart of man. It comes into the were spiritual receptors. Gentile the King James version of the Bible

palace to tell the monarch that he nations have manifested that spirion English literature, Van Dyke is a servant of the Most High, and tual message in such material wrote:

into the cottage to assure the forms as painting and sculpture. "The fountainhead of the power

peasant that he is a son of God. Perhaps it was the commandment of the Bible in literature lies in its

Children listen to its stories with to neither make nor worship a nearness to the very springs and

.. life.. sources Israel that restrained graven image and wise and delight, of human menwonder

of life."as parables extensive 1'from art forms "It would andponder them more if a indeed be strange

Three great religions have roots caused its efforts to be directed book which has played such a part in the Bible: Judaism, Christianity, more toward the social sciences, in human life had not exercised an

and Islam. While these religions music, and literature. extraordinary influence upon literamay not have limited themselves to The Bible's greatest influence ture. As a matter of fact, the Bible

the Bible, and may even have dehas been on the spirit of man himhas called into existence tens of parted therefrom, the Bible has self. It contains the words of God's thousands of other books devoted

had solid influence in their systems Spirit speaking to the spirit of man, to the exposition of its meaning, the of theology and practice. and the cultural aspects have defense and illustration of its docIt is important to note that the grown out of this. Yet the spiritrine, the application of its teachBible was produced by a people tuality of a man is quite impossible ing, or the record of its history....

who, at that time, had not otherto measure. It is visible only in its "In addition, we must reckon the

wise been great contributors to the outward manifestations of action many books of hostile criticism and world's culture. The Greeks gave us and behavior, and therefore the contrary argument which the Bible

philosophy, art, sculpture, and extent to which the Bible has has evoked, and which are an evimuch of our vocabulary. The Rochanged the attitudes and the lives dence of revolt against the might of

mans gave us legal forms, governof individuals simply cannot be its influence."1

ment, administration, art, sculpture, computed. The number of hearts We might note also that many

music, and much of our vocabulary. that have been changed, combooks, novels, treatises, and reports

May 1968 63 that have been written about nonby the Bible either by theme or biblical subjects have used biblical title or both.

phrases for titles. In 1948 the Consider such films as The GreatAmerican Bible Society published a est Story Ever Told, The Ten Comlist of 1613 such nonreligious books mandments, The Bible, The Sign

with biblical phraseology in the of the Cross, The King of Kings, titles. 5 Quo Vadis, David and Bathsheba,

The compilation was made "to The Story of Ruth, Samson and prove the worth of the Bible as Delilah, The Robe, Salome, and pure literature,"and therefore all Barabbas. Other movies and plays,

books religious in theme and consuch as The Little Foxes, Our Vines tent were deliberately omitted. Have Tender Grapes, The Sun Also

English and American writers Rises, J. B., The Voice of the Turhave made great use of the King tle, and East of Eden, have derived

James version of the Bible in their biblical titles, but were not dewritings. Such literary giants as signed primarily to illustrate bibliShakespeare, Milton, Browning, cal themes.

Wordsworth, Longfellow, George The Bible has had such great inEliot, Ruskin, Melville, Emerson, fluence upon our everyday speech and many others employed biblical that one hears almost everywhere phraseology, not only by direct some phrase being used that had

In a Gold Medallion home, quote and subject matter, but also its origin in the Bible. Many of

everything's electric includby allusion and paraphrase. This these entered into our language in

ing the heat. was likewise true of Thomas Jeffer- a time when the Bible was read

son, Benjamin Franklin, Abraham more often than perhaps it is today,

UTAH POWER ft LIGHT CO. Lincoln, Woodrow Wilson, and and these phrases have remained in

other statesmen. common use among us; yet without

Allusions and direct reference to an understanding of the source,

Electric Flour Mills - Home size biblical characters and events are they lose much of their meaning.

Stone Ground found in all sorts of books. Studies It is quite likely that many phrases

Write for full particulars have shown them to be in writings common to our daily speech are on geography, history, political govused by persons having little appreernment, natural science, geology, ciation for their deeper meaning and other such subjects. and origin. Consider, for example,

Newspapers and current nonre- the following:

ligious journals frequently use biblical phraseology and allusion for Genesis dramatic effect. For example, the east of Eden (3:24)

January 16, 1967, issue of Newsmy brother's keeper (4:9)

CORONA GRAIN MILL iveek carried'a cover story entitled the fountains of the great deep "Adam Must Leave Eden,"and (7:11)

the January 23, 1967, edition used a good old age (25:8)

the caption "Handwriting on the fat of the land (45:18)

baejSI Wall."Both of these articles are of Exodus

a nonreligious nature. an eye for an eye (21:24)

As has been the case with literaDeuteronomy ture, so the movie industry has felt the wife of thy bosom (28:54)

the influence of the Bible. Many Joshua

motion pictures and filmstrips have a land flowing with milk and honey electric an wantFor those who mill been produced by private compa- (5:6) operto manualthat converted can be

ation... here is the Corona Mill nies for instructional purposes in Judges

Gear h.p. Dayton with apowered %

as Weight shown. 40 schools and seminaries. A number a mother in Israel (5:7)Motor complete

lbs. Your satisfaction guaranteed. of fulllength movies for public en- 2 Samuel

$86.95 prepaid to you. tertainment have been influenced thou art the man (12:7)

Send orders to:

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah

64 Improvement Era

1 Kings in the hollow of his hand (40:12)

a still, small voice (19:12) a drop in the bucket (40:15)

Esther worlds without end (45:17)

sackcloth and ashes (4:3) as a lamb to the slaughter (53:7)

Job holier than thou (65:5)

hair stood on end (4:15) Jeremiah

as the sparks fly upward (5:7) balm of Gilead (8:22)

swifter than a weaver's shuttle can a leopard change its spots?

(7:6) (13:23)

cometh forth as a flower (14:2) teeth are set on edge (31:29)

the skin of my teeth (19:20) the four winds (49:36)

oh, that my adversary had written Joel Prices a book (31:35) the valley of decision (3:14) are LOW

Psalms Malachi in Idaho out of the mouths of babes and the windows of heaven (3:10)

sucklings (8:2) book of remembrance (3:16) Somedesigns50 instyleswhiteincludeand latestall L.D.S.parchments.temple

the cry of the humble (9:12) Matthew Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other

the apple of his eye (17:8) star in the east (2:2) accessories. One day rush order service.

green pastures ( 23: 2 good for nothing (5:13)

shadow of death (23:4) salt of the earth (5:13)

the ends of the earth (59:13) pearl of great price ( 13: 46 Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded

down to the sea in ships (107:23) blind lead the blind (15:14) on first order. (50c if air mail desired.)

the wings of the morning (139:9) what God hath joined together REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Proverbs (19:6) Name

better than rubies (8:11) den of thieves (21:13) Address

stolen waters (9:17) sheep from the goats (25:32) City. Zone, State -

apples of gold in pictures of silver Luke (25:11) the fatted calf (15:23,27,30)

heap Romans coals of fire upon his head law (25:22) unto themselves (2:14) Tourific!

Ecclesiastes the powers that be (13:1)

timea Corinthians a place and (3:1-8) 1

theunder sun stumbling (6:1) block (1:23) HAWAII Weekly

the wife of my youth (9:9) fashion of this world (7:31) HILL CUM0RAH pageantthe battle is not to the strong the twinkling of an eye (15:52) 17 Days - $279

(9:11) 2 Corinthians 19 Days - 319

fly in the ointment (10:1) a thorn in the flesh (12:7) 23 Days - 369

cast your bread upon the waters 1 Thessalonians (11:1) labour of love (1:3) TEXAS HEMISFAIR

vanity of vanities (12:8) 1 Timothy 14 Days - $259

Song of Solomon filthy lucre (3:3,8)

the rose of Sharon and lily ol the love of money (6:10) MEXICO 14 days from Salt

valley (2:1) root of evil (6:10) Cuernavaca,Lake, as low asTaxco,$198.Acapulco)(Mexico City

our vines have tender grapes Revelation (2:15) faithful unto death (2:10) * ALASKA

the little foxes that spoil the vines book of life (3:5)

(2:15) living fountains of water (7:17) * SOUTH AMERICA

Isaiah bottomless pit (9:11)

woe is me (6:5) clear as crystal (21:11, 22:1) For all travel and ticketing arrangements

four corners of the earth (11:12)

precept upon precept, line upon A number of expressions that are line (28:10) not exact quotes from the Bible TRAVEL INC.

set thine house in order (38:1) carry with them a distinct memory Salt110 LakeEast 2ndCity, SouthUtah

voice in the wilderness (40:3) of some biblical story, such as, the '8981 295-0'

Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136

V Mesa 9645283 J

May 1968 65 fleshpots of Egypt, Joseph's coat, have come from Isaiah 48:22, which River in Utah, and a host of others.

handwriting on the wall, the widsays, "There is no peace... unto Numerous colleges have been

ow's mite, the wandering Jew, the the wicked."The line "a little bird given biblical names, such as St.

mantel of Elijah, manna in the wiltold me"might have evolved from John's (New York), St. Peter's

derness, a friend of publicans, to Ecclesiastes 10:20, "a bird of the (Maryland), St. Stephen's (Massawash one's hands of the matter, air... shall tell the matter."chusetts), Nazareth College (Michsteady the ark, doubting Thomas, A great many geographical locaigan), Bethany College (Minneloaves and fishes, mess of pottage. tions have felt the influence of the sota), Calvary College (Missouri),

In addition, there are phrases in Book of Books: St. Paul, Minneand Mt. Olive College ( North Carour everyday speech that appear sota; Corpus Christi, Texas; Betholina )

to have originated from the Bible lehem, Pennsylvania; Boaz, AlaOur present society has a number

but are not direct quotes. For exbama; Dothan, Alabama; Salome of organizations directly attributample, the familiar saying "There Springs, Arkansas; Bethesda, Maryable to the Bible; for example, Job's

is no rest for the wicked"might land; Ephraim, Utah; the Jordan Daughters, a young women's organization associated with the Masonic Lodge, perhaps so called

because it is recorded that in all the land there were no women so fair as the daughters of Job. (Job

Richard L. Evans 42:15.) The Dorcas Sisters of the

The Spoken Word Seventh Day Adventist Church is a women's mercy and relief society, named after Dorcas of Acts 9:3639.

as what to overlook"-and when Hunters are frequently known nimrods (Gen. 10:8-9) and hunter's organizations as nimrod socieart of being wise,"said William James, "is the art of knowing

ties.Thewhat to overlook."Life without friends, loved ones, companionship,

Even Ananias, the prevaricator would be too altogether empty. But since people are not perfect,

companionship is never perfect. When we associate with people, we take of Acts 5:1-11, has been memorialized by presentday Ananias clubs,

them with their imperfections. But overemphasizing imperfections leads

or socalled liars'clubs, where perto unpleasantness, unhappiness, disillusionment. This is so in marriage, in

the home, the family, among friends, in every relationship in life. And sons jestingly compete with one

another in telling the greatest ficone of the greatest lessons of life is learning to help people to improve without making them resentful, or shattering their confidence, or detions.

There is an almost unending list stroying our influence with them. Correcting before others is especially

of personal and family names that embarrassing, and correcting with sarcasm is always hurtful in effect.

We, none of us, ever do all we ought to do as well as we ought to do it. are of biblical origin. This is such

thing us that any among commonNo one of us is possessed of all virtues, abilities, or flawless performance. a

it is illustrate to unnecesattempt

There is no one who is never forgetful. No one can always follow a schedsary. So strong has been the desire

ule, always have meals precisely on time (or always be there precisely on time), always have the house look as if company were presently exfor biblical names among some groups at certain times that it is pected, always have everything precisely in place. Man is not merely a

machine—he is much more—but even machines need understanding, and reported Calvin once had a man

imprisoned for naming his son make errors in performance. There is much to be overlooked in all of us

—and much that should not be overlooked. But even this can be dealt Abraham.Claude, a gentile name, instead of

with in tact and helpfulness, choosing the time, the place, the mood, the

Our present legal code, while method. There are ways of suggesting, forebearing, of correcting in

somewhat Roman in structure, cerkindliness, instead of harsh, cruel, blundering correction that makes tainly is hebraic in spirit, and much people feel small, hurt, resentful. There are times to correct and times

of the law of England and America not to. There are ways to correct and ways not to. "The art of being

law. mosaic is founded upon A

wise is the art of knowing what to overlook"—and when.

is witness formal in a court of law asked to place his hand on the * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System February 11, 1968. Copyright 1968. Bible and swear to tell the truth.

66 Improvement Era Persons sworn into public office frequently do so with a hand on the Bible. In popular jargon we

frequently hear the phrase "swear on the Bible,"or even more explicitly "on a stack of Bibles."

Columbus is said to have compiled a "book of prophecies"containing every passage in the Bible that, in his judgment, might be regarded as having reference to the

New World. This he finished on

September 13, 1501, in preparation for a fourth journey to the Americas.

On numerous occasions, when attempting to enlist the help of

Ferdinand and Isabella, Columbus quoted from the Bible those passages that he believed had reference to his mission of exploration.

He found the book of Isaiah particularly helpful in this matter.

Columbus'frequent writings and utterances evidence that he actually believed he was divinely called to discover new lands, and that he THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE was thus sincere in his use of Bible prophecies.

The Puritans and others came to LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS

America partly because they wished 15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS to worship as they saw fit and in 20% savings on selected titles conformance with their understandCatalog and details on how to obtain your LDS books and records at a percent sent upon request; they will be included with savings of 15 and 20ing of the Bible. FREE order. you your selections when

Thus we see that the Bible has A POCKETBOOK OF LDS LDS GAME BOOK AN OPEN DOOR

Evans by Richard L. by Alma Heatonhad a great cultural impact on the VERSE

$2.55 $3.15 (reg. $3.00) (reg. $1.25) $1.06 (reg. $3.95)

lives, religious and otherwise, of PRESIDENTS OF THE DOCTRINE HAPPINESS TO MORMON WAY THE CHURCH areas forpeople in wide many cenby Bruce R. McConkie S. Howells Rulon by Nibley by Preston

turies. It treasure, a $6.95) is a priceless (reg. $1.50) $1.20 (reg. $5.56 (reg. $4.95) $3.96

heritage of our race, wielding a STORIES OF THE BIBLE INTRODUCTORY DISCOURSES OF

PROPHET JOSEPH THE CHILDREN OFFERgreater influence than we are genFOR LDS SMITH Cash Savings by Lund and Menlove 25% vast Its durabilityerally aware. and by Alma P. Burton (reg. $2.50) WOMAN- $2.12 FASCINATING

(reg. $3.95) $3.36 spiritual assistingusefulness, in the HOOD BAPTISM ABOUT TRIPLE COMBINATIONEdition New & Revised for of millions of peopleneed Marr Petersen by Emma Records B. Andelin by Helen

thousands of years, attests to its (reg. $1.75) $1.49 (reg. $5.95) $4.46 with gold plate Book of Mormon

(reg. $92.50) $78.62

THE MORMONSdivinity fact MEET significant to the and ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH BOOKOFMORMONRecords L. L. Green Randall & by Doyle HISTORY edition plate gold Bible, figure the central ofthat the (reg. $2.51 $2.95) by Joseph Fielding Smith (reg. $57.50) $48.87

is Christ, of the wholeJesus God (reg. $4.50) $3.37 COVEDOCTRINE AND SMITH STORYJOSEPH

earth. NANTS—Records O Record SUCWITH SEARCHING

(reg. $32.95) $28.01 by Covenant Recordings FOOTNOTES CESS

Circle, Robertson, Family December (reg. 1 Steward $3.98) $3.18 PEARL OF GREAT PRICEby Archibald F. Bennett 20.12, 1941, Records Books Companionable aHenry Dyke, Special p.Van (reg $2.95) 490 (reg. $10.95) $9.31 Soribner's Sons, Charles York: 1922),(New

1112.pp.

Arizona 5. of add 3 perHbid., Residents p. POSTAGE

*Ibid., 1011, 1314. pp. tax. sales cent

Pattison, Bible Phrases Robert EReverend per $3.00 10c States send United

Titles Bible York: American as BookUsed (NewB. BOOKSTORE (Ex. MAILBOX LDS thereof. $1.90 portion or orderSociety, 1948).

20c) order 10c; order $3.25 St. S. Hobson P. O. 346 2454; Box

All Foreign Countries send 15c per Mesa, Arizona 85201, Tel: 9647061

$3.00 order or portion thereof. Offer good anywhere in world

May 1968 67 Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

"My mother makes the best cookies in the whole world,"A Mather boasted a small boy. "My mother

can make popsicles and allday TenFeet suckers,"chimed in a fouryear- old. And not to be outdone, another Tall little voice exclaimed, "But my

mother can do anything. She can

Photo by Linda Banks even smile when she's mad."Yes,

Posed by Sue Conford mothers are ten feet tall in the eyes and John Eddington of their children, and deservedly so in most instances, A mother is a goodnight kiss.

a morning glow, a cheery goodbye.

a rainbow on a dull day, a shake of the head, a pat on the back, a knee to pray beside, an honest answer, a conscience stirrer, an overflowing cookie jar, an open door to a good tomorrow, and a million other things—she is ten feet tall.

A child three feet tall or so mnst lean back and look up in order to see a mother's face. A teenager's

glance is usually on a level with a mother's, but when that young son reaches six feet or more, he still should be able to look up to his tiny, fivefoot-three mother. This

takes a great deal of doing on her part.

As a mother holds her baby for the first time, she begins to merit this love and respect. She must

continue day in and day out, year after year, caring constantly and completely, serving and loving, and always seeing promise in her children. A mother can never give up.

It helps if she can make delicious cookies and popsicles and lollipops;

it helps best of all to earn her children's admiration if she can smile when things don't go quite right; if she can see the happy,

Improvement Era

optimistic side of each day; if she into doing right; so must a mother Cream well the butter, sugars, and

eggs. Add the milk and the vanilla.

can guide without nagging, encourlove her children. A mother listens Sift together the flour, soda, and salt.

age without making the winning in love and speaks in love. If a Blend into the batter. Do not beat. Add

coconut and nuts. Drop with teaspoon

all important; if she can lift withwoman can do all this, indeed she iy2 inches apart. Bake in a 375 F.

out ever tearing down; if she can will be ten feet tall in the eyes of oven until light brown in color, about 8

meet each problem without comher children and also in the eyes withminutes.a brownedbutterCookies are deliciouspowderedfrostedsugar

plaint. of the world. icing.

There are other everyday things NoBake Brownies to do in order for a mother to be (3 to 4 dozen) ten feet tall. The home should beOVEBFLOWING COOKIE JABS

long to the children as well as to iy2 cups semisweet chocolate pieces the parents. The doors should be Mothers and grandmothers have l l/A1 cupcupswalnutsevaporatedor pecans,milk chopped

wide open to their friends, and the cookies as their medals of honor. 2 to 3 cups miniature marshmallows

3 cups graham cracker crumbs mother's voice should be heard For this Mother's Day and the 1 cup confectioner's sugar saying, "Of course, bring the group other 364 days of the year, fill up y2 teaspoon peppermint extract over after the dance. I'll have some the cookie jar and receive acclaim. Melt the chocolate in the evaporated

waffle batter and hot chocolate Cookies can be tricky to make. milk over low heat, stirring until thick

ready for you."It is easy for a Do you wonder why your neighandadd tosmooth.other ingredients.Remove from(Reserveheat andy3

mother to say to a daughter or bor's cookies are better than yours? cup of the chocolate mixture for frosting.) Turn into an 8x8 buttered pan.

son, "Bring the crowd home after Perhaps they have a more delicious Spread reserved chocolate mixture over nuts.church. We will have a freezer full flavor, are better textured, and are top.Chill Sprinkleuntil readywithto finelyserve. choppedCut into small

of ice cream."formed more attractively. Take squares.

This work of a mother's earning into consideration the following the respect and love of her chilhints. Always sift the flour before Peanut Butter Quickies

dren is constant. If these positive measuring. Too much flour makes (5 dozen)

habits are formed, each day and a heavy, illformed cookie. The cup peanut butter

each child will sing with joy. Of texture is greatly improved if the V* cup soft butter

course, she is busy with cleaning oven is kept up to temperature as cupcup boilinggranulatedwatersugar and cooking and chauffeuring, but one pan of cookies is removed and l teaspoon vanilla time made for mothering pays big another placed in the oven. Do not 2 cups Bisquick

dividends. The children must feel bake a cookie too long. A chewiMix together the peanut butter, butter,

strength in their mother, to use her ness is usually desired. Use good sugar,Beat withand electricboiling mixerwater. untilAdd smooth.vanilla.

not as a leaning wall, but as starch ingredients to produce a delicious Stir in the biscuit mix. Drop from teaat 375 on cookie sheet and bake spoon

for their backbones. cookie. Special flavorings are a carefully, F. for about 8 minutes. Bake

Of all ingredients the tenfoot- must, but never forget that butter because these cookies burn easily.

tall mother must have, love heads is the best flavoring of all. Drop Brownies

the list. This love must be soft and (7 to 8 dozen)

enfolding, yet firm and staunch. A A Cookie for Every Day

mother's love must include the in the Week 1 cup butter power of reproof and the fairness 1%2 eggscups sugar of candor. Her love must heal Jumbies 1 cup cottage cheese

loneliness and encourage manli- (4 or 5 dozen) 2 l/22 teaspoonscups siftedvanillaflour ness. It must help make her y21 teaspooncup cocoa baking soda 2/3 cup soft butter

a lady sondaughter and her baking 1 teaspoon powder salt teaspoon is alllove mother'sgentleman. A a y21 cupcup granulatedbrown sugar,sugarpacked y2

2 eggs 1 cup chopped nuts inclusive. Our Elder Brother, Jesus, 1 cup evaporated milk

had just three years to train 12 men 2 teaspoons vanilla Beat until light and fluffy the butter, to carry on his precepts. A mother 2%l/2 teaspooncups siftedsodaflour sugar,cheese andand beateggs.thoroughly.Add the Blendcottagein

often has 19 or more years to train l/2 teaspoon salt the vanilla, and gradually add the dry 1 cup shredded coconut ingredients sifted together. Add the

each child. He loved his disciples 1 cup nuts, chopped nuts. Drop by teaspoons onto baking

May 1968 69 NEW! FOOD & MONEY SAVERS!

DESERET GRINDER GRINDS VERY FINE FLOUR WITH ONE GRINDING! (Fine enough

even for cake!) Easily adjustable for cereal. Grinds finer flour easier

than any other small hand grinder on the market today. For use

with wheat, rice, oats, corn, beans, nuts, etc.

Ship. wt. 13 lbs. F.O.B., S.L.C $11.95*

LARGER GRINDER, 2 MC MODEL 30 lb,. F.O.B., S.L.C, (mailable to 2nd and 3rd class post offices) sheet; bake in a 350 F. oven for 8 to $23.95*

a cool, frost with 10 minutes. When

H BREADMASTER DOUBLE or frosting. Sprinkle with nuts

minutes. in 5 dough Kneads

shot. 1 solid Lifetime loaves. Full aluminum12quart capacity;pail andholdssurelockdough lid.for chocolatebutter to 4

Stainless steel mixing rod. Pail clamps to table. 2-year guarantee.

$21.95* Ship. wt. 7 lbs

$12.95* Refrigerator Cookies (Tin plated) MODEL CAMCO

Ship. wt. 7 lbs. *F,O.B. Salt Lake City, include postage. (7 to 8 dozen)

Utah residents include 3Vi% sales tax.

butter cup OFFERS PERMAPAK ALSO y2

Complete family economical plans storage and food sugar, packed firmly brown cup Y2 line freeiedried Complete of foods dehydrated camping and sugar cup % Special rates for church club and groups 1 egg for literature free Write information and

Send your order for Breadmixer, Deseret Grinder or 2 MC Model 1 teaspoon vanilla

Grinder t 3: 2 cups sifted flour

2 teaspoons baking powder Residents of Southern California contact: y3 teaspoon salt

cup chopped nutsPIONEERSPIERIVIAPAKIN PBEPAREDNEBB PRODUCTS The Wheat kernel, 7554 Katella Ave., StanY2

ton, butter, egg, sugars, the together California 90680. Phone 6351352, Cream 40 E. 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 8288421.

Sift fluffy. light until and and vanilla

together the dry ingredients and gradually add to the creamed mixture.

Blend in the nuts. Form two rolls l l/2

in in diameter; waxed wrap

rolls into several Now available in a special inchespaper; chill hours. Cut

Erasized booklet y8bakinginchsheet.slicesBakeand atplace375 onF. untilbutteredlight

brown, about 7 or 8 minutes.

Rolled Pecan Wafers TEMPLES (3 dozen) and the LatterdaySaints y3 cup butter

Ideal for home, classroom, 1 cup brown sugar, firmly packed 2 eggs and missionary use y2 teaspoon vanilla

Order from V4 cup sifted flour l/A teaspoon salt y2 cup finely chopped pecans

Cream the butter, sugar, eggs, and vanilla until light and fluffy. Sift the

dry ingredients and gradually add to

Street State South 79 Stir in mixture. the pecans. creamed

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Drop inches by rounded 3 teaspoons,

Of perpetual interest to Church members and their friends apart,only 4 ontoon abutteredbaking bakingsheet sheet.at a time.Put

Bake in a 325 F. oven for about 5

CHI'S TOURS cookiesminutes toor cooluntil justlightlyenoughbrowned.to handle.Allow

TRAVEL AGENCY, INC.!K Earn While Working quickly, loosen cookies; roll

Place handle spoon. of wooden State Street, 179 South SLC, Ut. 84111

If it cool. wire rack Showing aroundon to becomes 3221205 PHONE difficult to pan, cookies remove from yu1 QjHGay Lee Exquisite

Let us help you with your vacation Lingerie of Modesty return it to oven for a very short time.

plans. Join one of our many tours You can be a consultant

planned for your pleasure: in your stake, and have Scotties

PALMYRA PAGEANT TOURS, angrowingexcitingfieldcareerof fashion.in the (6 dozen)

HAWAIIAN TOURS, HEMISFAIR IN Call or write:

SAN ANTONIO - AFRICA, 2511 South West Temple 1 cup butter

SOUTH AMERICA & ORIENT, Salt Lake City, Utah 4873621 2y2y2 cupcupssugarsifted flour

EUROPE and many others. o

Make Your Reservations Early Cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Gradually add the

flour and blend well. On lightly floured

- roll "MiniStickers"Slogans Patriotic into Mod surface & a rectangle dough y2

Differ 20 - 500 I EXAMPLE: thick. inch into OUR SUPPORT 1-inch Cut squares.

QlNI FILIVIo SI. p.p. FREE 00 LabelsSlogans.OrdetMS BrochureLDS ARMED spatula, With transfer to sheet; baking EVEHIWHESE RS. FORCESPACKAGES, [rHLE located in rental from libraries For a printing—turn Block labels address fork. prick F. a ALSO: Yo 300 with at for Bake

Provo, City, Salt Angeles, Los Lake 25 to 30 minutes. O

Falls, Idaho Lethbridge, Mesa, New Elder)238Bakersfield,"A"YoungStreetCalif. 93304 1000 - SI. 00 Chicago. Francisco, City, San York

HYCO DOWNEY,12039 PARAMOUNT,CALIF. 90242 BrighamEDUCATIONALYoung UniversityMEDIAProvo,SERVICESUtah 84601

70 Improvement Era Home,Sweet Home LEADERSHIP The words, "a penny for your thoughts,"deserve the answer, "but they are worth a million Deseret News Press 1600 Empire Roaddollars."Our thoughts are our

Salt Lake City, Utah private property. Once expressed, they never again belong 84104

only to ourselves.

In a home, an individual's privacy should be held inviolate.

Each child and parent should

A penny for your

thoughts

Our modern web offset equipment produces over 1,000,000 magazines each month.

Illustrated by Phyllis Luch UNIQUE GROUND FLOOR INCOME OPPORTUNITY have a place where he can go andHere'sprofitablean opportunitycareer offoryouryou own.to haveYouancanexcitingstart

and close a door against the on a parttime basis and devote more time as you world. This, of course, doesn't become financially independent.

mean a separate bedroom for YouBILLIONcan becomeDOLLARanCosmeticimportantIndustry,part of theby MULTIinvesti- each person, but it does mean gatingin the cosmeticthis completelyfield, offeringnew andthe consumerunique productsupemanipulating space and time so rior products at a fraction of usual cost.

each individual can find soliWe are prepared to share the results of over ten testing of intensive research and market months select individualstude. with a few demonstrate who

It is difficult to become acABILITY, WILLINGNESS, and AMBITION.

quainted with oneself in a FUTURE SALES, INC.

crowd. It is almost impossible to 14482 Beach Blvd., Suite L

think through a problem and Westminster, California 92683 come up with the right answer with noise and confusion around.

Each one must get off by himself often in order to become a TIRED OF OVEREATING?

person.whole

is a great deal of toTRY OUR LOW CALORIE There getherness in a happy home, but 20 mealsize only $ 4.75

this togetherness should be bal40 mealsize only $ 9.00anced with privacy. A mother's 240 mealsize $45.00 BqQr

and father's job is to insure this M Lbalance. A child is only secure if Flavors: chocolate, vanilla, maple, or butterscotch

he enjoys being in a group and also by himself. O 2431 Highland Drive

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 uoiiLjjm/Uf Telephone 4848415 Evening 3639598

I May 1968 71 Is your Buffs and Rebuffs Money Earning E 25%PER ANNUM?|JP

That's how much you can earn with a sixmonth SAVINGS Genealogy in the Church

CERTIFICATE of $1,000 or more at any office of Western

Savings and Loan Company. Certificate earnings begin articleSince the"ThepublicationEra Asks ofAboutyourGenealogyexcellent

the day you open your account and certificates are in the Church"[February], Brigham has University Young genealogy added automatically renewable every six months. research technology to the bachelor's deIf you prefer, you may open a regular PASSBOOK SAVINGS mangree E.programs.Wright, TheDavidstaffH. includesPratt, andNor-V.

account in any amount, with current earnings of 4.50% Ben Bloxham. This is believed to be the

per annum, compounded semiannually. Either way, YOU researchfirst baccalaureatein the U.S.degree in genealogical

CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP, with insured safety, Paul Anthon Nielson and your money is available when needed. Western savings BrighamProvo, UtahYoung University

accounts are insured to $15,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, a permanent agency of IknowthinkthatEra RicksreadersCollege,will be theinterestedChurch'sto the U. S. Government. Open your account today at any twoyear junior college in Idaho, offers

a twoyear associate degree in genealogone of Western's five conveniently located offices, in person ical research. Ricks College will sponsor

or by mail. a twoday seminar this summer, June

2728, featuring specialists from the

Genealogical Society of the Church.

Val D. Greenwood

Ricks College Rexburg, Idaho

The Face of Job WESTERN How very nice to have such an unusual cover for the February Era! I have

wanted a picture of Job for sometime, and I have wondered just how he might SAVINGS have looked. I wonder if there could be AND LOANCOMPANY more covers of biblical characters in the

Home Office: 45 East 1st South, Salt Lake City, Utah - Dial 328971 future.

Cottonwood Mall Office: 4835 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah - Dial 2780466 Atice H. Blackwell

Portland Office: 4333 N. E. Sandy Blvd., Portland, Oregon - Dial 2885251 These Times Gaffney, South Carolina Woodstock Office: 4501 S. E. Woodstock, Portland, Oregon - Dial 2885251

Seattle Office: 8953 Westwood Village Mall, S. W., Seattle, Wash.- Dial WE50500 As in the past, I found Brother G. Homer

Durham's March article, "Normative

Structures in the Universe,"stimulating

Enclosed is my check in the amount of $.... for a and inspiring. In a time when I find my-

Q Savings Certificate ($1,000 or more) veryself temptedcomplex tosituationsfollow asthoseeitherwhoblacksee

J Passbook Savings Account (Any amount) or white, right or wrong, and then attempt to use the Church to defend their

Name. personal biases—a time when I am

tempted to join the pharisees among us seek to the emphasize ignore law and who

Spirit to Addr the are all too place anxious and

City..State..Zip.

72 / Improvement Era others in "compartments"and throw Era of Youth help and new ideas I can find. The

stones—it is refreshing to read Brother "Era of Youth"is about the only extra

Durham's articles as well as many other What a tremendous satisfaction you material I use anymore to supplement excellent articles found in the Era that must receive each month as the Era goes our lesson manuals. No matter what I

remind me that the Savior taught us to to press with another great "Era of need or want—pictures, poems, stories,

understand and love and not to judge Youth"section. I keep thinking you'll illustrations, or examples—you've always

and reject. run out of ideas, but each issue seems thought of it first, and it's right there

Steve F. Gilliland even more creative and timely than the waiting for me to use.

Boston, Massachusetts one before. In my fourteenth year of Lenore N. Cornwall

teaching MIA I truly feel I need all the Salt Lake City

I have put off too long this letter of appreciation for the consistently lucid and often provocative essays by G. Homer

Durham. It is apparent as I read his

monthly contributions that Brother Durham selects with care timely issues of considerable public importance. Since

their nature issues are verysuch by that it is tocontroversial, expected not Richard L. Evans be

all with the agree readers would way interpreted Brotherare presented and they The Spoken Word by

Durham. For my own part, I appreciate

his judicious personal insights.

Gary London Seattle, Washington

"Son of Dineh"The story "A Son of the Dineh"[March Besides seeking counsel, which for all of us is so essential, there is

Youth"]"Era of was prayers. answer ourhelped so informative,We haveanda another side of the subject: taking time to listen so that we can give

young Navajo boy in our home who at counsel with a full enough knowledge of facts. "Lately I have

of his people,times and is ashamed.. 'listening'a lot this thought.,"said about Struve. often Hannie you "How

really to subject for ushas a hard been

... child hear a little listening!'you're complain easily not the And how on. After other each withcommunicate

this article longer together, no hewe read mother child the replies, 'What mostly do you want?'And

tradihis people's feelings hishid about.. Z''want'anything, only to to communicate. time 1 Takingtions inability his to accept about and doeslisten—tonot reallychiland be proud of his Indian heritage. The dren, young people, others! Sometimes they are reluctant to seek counsel

problem isn't solved yet, but at least the story was a start toward his acceptance because they receive impatient replies. "Why do we parents so often say,

of himself. Thanks. I'm busy now?"asked one thoughtful observer. "Why do we... not

Rupp Jo Ann Salt City realize that a child is like a sunbeam—here for a moment and then gone Lake

somewhere else."2 Talking—listening—patience, willingness to learn

Servicemen Write enough before jumping to quick conclusions. Sometimes in just letting

Since I became a member of the Church them talk and using us for listening, they will come soberly, safely to seven years ago, I've wanted to take the opportunity to thank all who have a their own conclusions. But when two people both talk at once, when

hand in the Era for the publication of a they cut each other short, or when they don't talk at all, there aren't likely wonderful magazine. I read it from cover

to cover and enjoy it very much, as I'm to be any satisfactory answers. Yes, it takes time to listen, but it takes

sure others do. Now that I'm in the time to correct mistakes once they have been made. "Dear Lord, make

service, I derive so much more satisfaction from good literature to read. me a better parent,"pleaded Gary Cleveland Myers. "Teach me to underBarry Dalton stand my children, to listen patiently to what they have to say, and to

APO San Francisco, California answer all their questions kindly. Keep me from interrupting them, talk-

I am an elder of the Church, serving in ing back to them, and contradicting them. Make me as courteous to

forces. in the UnderGermany armed

I conditionsthese dethem as I would have them be to me."3 With too many misjudging, too myself do find

pressed. I have found whenever I get many making mistakes, with too few taking time to listen, counsel cannot

the just looking through thatdepressed is satisfactory as it should. seem as said "The key a communication,"in feel great really andEra makes me

.. spirits I find again, and ''Can't source.good recent see I'm my troubles busy?'you. ought [by to be banned

forgotten the time by tearsShortly I find in myI eyesstartduereading.to the parents]. 'Listen'ought to be [implanted] over every parent's heart."4 If

messages presented in such a wonderful only we could feel we have been heard! If only we would listen when

purchasedway. quorum My elders for we should! subscription to a year's the Era, andme

I shall always be grateful to them. The

magazine has helped me a great deal. I Hannie Struve, Sunrise Magazine, July 1967.

wish that every bishop, branch president, 2Robert M. Neal, "I Get to KNOW My Boy,"Parents'Magazine, February 1946.

see president eldersor would quorum to sGaryi"On BeingClevelandan AmericanMyers, "AParent,"Parent's Time,Prayer."December 15, 1967.

or of theirit that serviceman every ward branch received the Era.

PFC Michael A. Searle * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Munich, Germany Broadcasting System March 3, 1968. Copyright 1968.

May 1968 73 This is Henry C. Gorton and counselors Leo E.

Bendixen and Jess Boyd Eskridge, one place The Church (Ohio) Stake. Columbus

we teach A/loves On you not March Elder1968 Kenneth Milo House, 20, to fiddle! Ogden, Utah, serving in the

Great Lakes Mission, died early this morning following a headon collision

February 1968 at Wyandotte, Michigan. His comLas Vegas (Nevada) Central panion, Elder Blaine A. Cherry, Cald-

a lot enrolled of young men We and Stake was organized under the well, Idaho, was hospitalized. fiddling stopped last spring who women

and learned quite a few things about direction of Elder Howard W. Hunter

profession. their chosen Huntsville Stake, (Alabama) 452nd Council of the Presiof the Twelve and in these bright young our interest Why functioning, porwas created from Marion D. First now dent of the Hanks people?

We need as many as we can get to fill Council of the Seventy from parts of tions of the Southern States Mission industries from increasing demand the B. Elder Harold Lee by of the Council the Las Vegas North Stake. M. Samuel graduates prefer all the West over who

L. of the Elder Twelve EIRay Chrisand at Prove College Technical Utah from Davis sustained president was of the

Check the course offerings below, then stake with Arden J. Sampson and tiansen, Assistant to the Twelve. Rayyour free brochure and write us for Harold D. Johnson as counselors. This mond D. McCurdy was sustained as details. registration

Aircraft instrument repair, auto body, is the 451st stake of the Church now stake president with William R. Bullington and Wesley B. Morgan as counbuilding auto mechanics, construction, functioning.

business science, and secretarial comselors.

art, assisting, mercial diesel dental New stake presidencies: President

drafting design technolmechanics, and ogy, electrical automation and techJames Kent Seastrand and counselors The Argentine government conelectronic technology, nology, interior Willard Kowallis and Marvin L. White, firmed today that visas are being shop, marketing decorating, machine

management, practical nursing, refrigerLas Vegas North Stake; President denied to 200 Mormon missionaries

ation and air conditioning, welding. Charles L. Welling and counselors from the United States. Hector Rafael

Irving W. Abbott and Larry K. Brown, Oligado, spokesman for the Argentine

Alaska Stake; President Wayne Lewis government, said the visas were being

Allison and counselors David Hannedenied because Argentina is a Roman mann and Ross Sorensen, Oahu Catholic country. "It's for Argentines,

(Hawaii) Stake. and not foreigners, to handle matters

UTAH PH The First Presidency announced hepertainingsaid. to the spirit of the people,"

TECHNICAL the appointment of Charles W.

COLLEGE at Provo Nibley III of North Hollywood, California, as president of the Southern The Lake

States Mission, succeeding President By Virginia Scott Miner

Ray B. Evanson. A century or so ago the lake

The appointments of D. Gordon PaxLapped at the foot of the hill.

man, Ralph G. Rodgers, Jr., David R. Now for fifty yards it is green—

Veit, and Ronald Q. Frederickson to the A tunnel of path lit here and

general board of the Young Men's there

Clip mail this and for today coupon Mutual Improvement Association were By blackeyed Susans,

... free a brochure

all about this great announced. Leaving the benison of water

College! In a spring at the foot of the hill.

The Provo City Commission Utah Technical College at Provo passed an ordinance annexing The lake is a lesson in how

P.O. Box 1009 Provo, Utah 84601 the proposed Provo Temple site and To be diminished gracefully,

Gentlemen: Please send me your FREE brochure and complete parts of the Brigham Young University Saying that beauties are not registration information. auxiliary services complex. More or less so much as simply

Name New stake presidency: President Different.

Address.

City.State. Zip.

74 Improvement Era Seventy teams, playing in eight For the past week the various President David 0. McKay was

gymnasiums in the Salt Lake units of Relief Society have been presented the Exemplary ManValley, began the annual allChurch holding special anniversary programs hood Award by students of Brigham basketball tournament. Last evening at commemorating the founding of the Young University. The award was predevotional services at the Tabernacle first Relief Society at Nauvoo, Illinois, sented to him at his Salt Lake City

the players and coaches were adMarch 17, 1842—126 years ago today. apartment. His son, Dr. Edward R.

dressed by President N. Eldon Tanner Beginning with 18 women, Relief Society McKay, represented him at the presenof the First Presidency and Elder Alvin now numbers almost 300,000. tation program on the campus. O

R. Dyer.

Buenos Aires newspaper La Prensa wrote in an editorial that

Richard L. Evans

the denial of visas to Mormon missionviolates aries constitutional Argentina's The Spoken Word rights of religion. to freedom There are

some 17,000 members of the Church in Argentina. Who is man that he should forget?

The Argentine ambassador to the

United States and the U. S. State However fast and far we may have moved, however much we may

have done or made, there are ever and always unanswered quesDepartment indicated a favorable sotions—searching: for purpose, for meaning, for assurance. And ever lution is expected to be worked out to

and always there is need for the simple essentials: happiness, health, lovedend the withholding of visas to Mormon

ones; duty, decency; service, sincerity. And add to all of these humilitymissionaries. Senator Frank E. Moss

humility that comes with knowing how little we know of all there is toof Utah quoted Ambassador Alsogaray know. We discover a little, we control some things, sometimes, in someas saying: "The situation arose as a

degree. But nature, the weather, the seasons; time, the tides; age, illness;result of a misunderstanding, and I

assure you, in a matter of days we will life and death, take us where they will, with all our little words and wisdom, in the little parts we play, and with the search unceasing, forreturn to the same policy our country truth and for ultimate answers. Who knows how two cells join and dividehas always followed."

—some to become an eye, some a tooth, some the hair of the head? Who

can make a seed that will grow, or a blade of grass, a worm, or a single

Holladay (Salt Lake County) Third won the senior division of living cell? Who can answer the questions God asked of Job so many

centuries ago: "Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of thethe allChurch basketball tournament

earth? When... all the sons of God shouted for joy?... declare, ifby defeating Baldwin Park (California),

thou hast understanding.... Where is the way where light dwelleth?...7568. Glenwood (Utah) placed third;

it to rain on the earth...? Knowest thou the ordiAmerican Fork (Utah) Twelfth, fourth; Who hath [caused]

of nances heaven? the horse strength?... Hast given thou the... Doth

First, fifth andMesa (Arizona) 1 fly...? sportshawk parts?"thy wisdom hath put in the inward by wisdom Who sixth.manship; (Utah), and Perry

Who gave the body power to heal itself? Who gave instinct to animals? South Weber (Utah) defeated BenWhat would we do if spring didn't come, if seeds didn't grow, if wenion (Salt Lake County) for the junior

didn't have our harvest? Men have done much, learned much, disdivision title, 5040. Sugar City (Idaho)

covered much, but not enough to justify conceit. And against all sophistry

placed third and sportsmanship; Whitand selfsufficiency, we still are children before an Infinite Father—with

tier (California) Seventh, fourth; Tremonton (Utah) Third, fifth; and all our need for happiness, health, humility, loved ones, duty, decency,

service, sincerity. classic to the question, that thou is man, And "WhatPhoenix (Arizona) Sixth, sixth.

is 2 there of him?"are mindful yet another: should that he is man Who

Brigham Young University Third won forget? the college ward division from University of Utah Sixth, 8771. Berkeley ijob 38, 39.

placed third; Ricks Eighth, fourth; Ari2Psalm 8:4.

zona State Second, fifth; and College * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

of Southern Utah Second, sixth. Broadcasting System February 18, 1968. Copyright 1968.

May 1968 75

Union Pacific

Railroad

is important

to you

for many

reasons

In May we'll be 99 years old!... as it was on and continues to do so today. In fact, even

May 10, 1869 that the historic "Driving of more so.

the Golden Spike,"which joined the rails of

The money we spend for wages, supplies and

Union Pacific with the Central Pacific, created equipment helps the economy of the area—

America's first transcontinental railroad unitbenefits you either directly or indirectly.

ing the East and the West.

The money we pay in taxes also benefits you,

Technically, we're a little older than that, as by lowering your tax payments.

it was on July 1, 1862 that President Abraham Union Pacific prides itself on being a good

Lincoln signed the first of the Pacific Railroad citizen of the thirteen Western states it serves.

Acts authorizing the construction of the Union

Pacific Railroad. We're proud of our accomplishments... we

have great plans for the future... and we

But the important point is that, through all pledge our best efforts to continue to be an these years, Union Pacific has shared in the important factor in the growth and progress growth and development of the states it serves, of the West.

GATEWAY TO AND FROM THE BOOMING WEST

UIMIOIM PACIFIC RAILROAD 76 Improvement Era MUSIC COMPANY VISIT OUR NEW HOME The Everything is new. The

music selection for church, home, and school has been British greatly expanded. This is a

special invitation to all of you music lovers from out of town to visit us this coming June Conference.

You will enjoy our new facilities. Come in and

browse. Let us help you in

These Times all of your musical needs.

NEW ADDRESS 65 South West Temple By Dr. G. Homer Durham Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

President, Arizona State University Phone: 3646518

Two years ago this column asbe demobilized by British forces:

serted that "Diego Garcia, an Singapore, Bahrein, and Sharjah atoll, may become a new Anglo- (Persian Gulf). Between Singapore ONFROMITS DENMARK!!WAY

American link in the effort to and Bahrein lies the Indian Ocean.

transmute the nineteenth century's Suez has already passed to the security system into the twentyUnited Arab Republic (Egypt). At

first century's needs."("Diego the mouth of the Red Sea, Aden,

Garcia and the Indian Ocean,"with 10,000 British troops, was Missionaries that have worked in Denmark, knows that "These Times,"April 1966.) Since evacuated last December. LAPOMME is the Mormons

January 16, 1968, that sentence These actions are a consefavorite drink. Made of selectmay well be rewritten, dropping quence of the declining economic apples.-ed cherry and well riped

the prefix "Anglo"from the strength of the island kingdom.

"AngloAmerican link."Britain came to the point, follow- A really fashionated drink with none

On January 16, 1968, Her ing devaluation of the pound, from alcoholic!

P.S. We still need represending in

Majesty's Government announced which further costs of overseas some of the states - if interest conthat by December 31, 1971, all bases could not be met. The actact: A. Rytz, Runebergs Alle 1,

British bases outside Europe and tion places the United States of 2860 Soeborg, Denmark.

the Mediterranean will be closed, America at another critical cross- a "police"smallexcept for conroad. CHURCH &

I intingent Nearly Kong. British cutbacks were predictHong fPI m furnitureSCHOOL 9?<II P""Lm

52,000 British servicemen are to able after 1919. Former crown

be brought home. Hong Kong may colonies had become "Dominions"retain the 6,000 Gurkha merceand then independent members of CATALOG* Folding Chairs & Tables

naries I saw deployed in the "New the family of nations by the time - Stacking Chairs

i Blackboards Lecterns toTerritories,"adjacent the of Westminof the Red 1931 Statute Racks Hat Coat &

TABLES!TABLES!, i- j-. Delivery!n visit in ster. After India Immediate duringChinese border, 1945, British my CHAIRSCHAIRS!1 / /

1965. The following bases are to and Burma became independent Adirondack124-H Park Ave. So.; N.Y.C. 10010

Points Shipping CHICAGO ANGELES DALLAS—PITTSBURGHATLANTA LOS BOSTON

May 1968 77 LIGHTED MAGNIFYING GLASS Burma, India, Pakistan, and Cey- (the Strategic Air Command) un-, its daily missions of A GENEALOGICAL RESEARCHERS lon. British Africa became a score dertook

Save MUST of new African nations. The life- "deterrence."Global surveillance

your satellites, line, the and the skill, the by U-2s, later commercial eyes the electronic English ships"were em- "spy and culture, language '/"LENS mL symbolism of the Crown became ployed. Military aid and "mutual

faint links of nineteenth century assistance"pacts were developed:

Excellent for empire. South Africa, Burma, and NATO, SEATO, and the rest. This

Send $5.95 PPd FUND RAISING Eire broke away altogether. Suez, has been costly for the military

t collectors Stamp Tax Res. Calif. 5% both and or expenditures were lost Cyprus, at home and Malta

batteries) (without / Rock Hounds return Gibraltar's reconstituted. abroad. STORE CAMERA VILLAGE

Entomology \ Blvd. Westwood 1417 Spain. atby track one was demanded Efforts down Calif. 90024 Angeles, School Los \ work

The American GreekTurkish tempted to supplant the Britishaid program, the "Truman DocEuropean global system, without trine"of 1946, and the Marshall incurring the wrath and ill will of

Just Published Plan of 194748 were the initial the peoples who strived to throw

American responses to British off the European ties to gain their withdrawal. But now the last own independence. This has beenHow 88,648 British military, naval, and air an almost impossible task. But

Heavy Smokers "presence"is gone. America has tried. It has conentirely structed, since an Garcia Indian 1946, the In "Diego and SmokingStopped it of cultural educain and new system stated that was "war of Ocean,"Center AntiTobacco—The YORKNEW aid, tional of economic in this exchange place Vietnam takes con- a booklet which published has justAmerica

explains how 88,648 heavy smokers (of whom text...."Will the American the Point Four of President Trumany arc physicians) have stopped smoking "presence"in Vietnam lead to man's 1946 policy. This leads us

bookwill power. This their strainingwithout

need bases elsewhere in the Asiato track two. All of free charge. youlet is available

to do, to obtain it, is to send your name and AfricaIndian Ocean area? Track two has seen the export

address to The AntiTobacco Center of AmerSince assuming some previous of American technical assistance,

South, Avenue 276 Parkica, A-101-W. Dept. British responsibilities after 1945, loans, and grants military and

offer is open This City, 10010. YorkNew

while the supply of these booklets lasts. American foreign policy has foleconomic, educational and cullowed two tracks and one "sound tural—in an effort to help the

IDEAL FOR truck,"so to speak, in constructformer colonies stand on their

MISSIONARIES ing a global security system. The own feet. This has been expensive.

"sound truck,"of course, has But in the process thousands of

LARGER been the United Nations, a mixed Americans have learned a great

MODELS effort and experience in internadeal—in Ghana, Pakistan, Libya,

AVAILABLE tional organization. This interand throughout the nonCommu-

national "sound truck,"with its nist world.

LIFETIME cacophony from all members, has Now comes the bitter test of

GUARANTEE served many important purposes. American policy, especially in the

But it has not represented the areas to be abandoned by the last

CO. SALES GEORGE WEBB main thrust of American power, British outposts. Will the new

Lake City, So. - Salt Utah 937 East 3300

nor of the power of other states nations stand? Can they resist

possessing that commodity. encroachment by others?

CHURCH SLOGANS The main thrust of American The Russians and the Red (20 DIFFERENT) LABELS power has gone down the two Chinese are close at hand. Chinese

tracks. Track one was to support junks plied the Indian Ocean, the

WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THE and assume the global responsiPersian Gulf, and the Red Sea for

MORMON CHURCH?

bilities of the British, the French, thousands of years before the

LABELS 'SLOGAN"196B the Dutch, and the Portuguese British came. Can tension be- L.D.S.

NOTES, ETC. PACKAGES, LETTERS, PUT THEM ON

Russia, States, or the another. United in one degree Thus tween

L.D.S. THE is for CHURCH.missionaries. opener PROMOTESlabel a door Eoch air naval the ColChina, the bases American and and SEATO PRINTED SLOGANS

8, - 20{White, Red) Yellow- 8, PADDEOPAPER.

all Gold,WILL PUT WANT YOU TO THEM the world. Plan over (economic) bloomed powers ombo "SAC"BOOKS.ATTRACTIVEASSORTEDLABELS

D.I M.O. INO OR CO. 500ONSOINSEND

Order LDS - Box 500 $1.00

31 Boxes S2.50 12039 HYCOCHECKPAFJAMOUNT.

Postpaid 90242 CALIF. DOWNEY.

78 Improvement Era Planning to Buy or Rent in WASHINGTON. DC AREA?

Booklet: DESTINATION

WASHINGTON packed provide an equilibrium in which fashioned into a real "track"for with information. Write

Malaysia, Indonesia, Pakistan, a variety of international, cooperaMrs. Jeannie Beck, LDS,

6013 Leewood Dr. Alex.,

India, Burma, Afghanistan, Iran, tive systems. Otherwise the load Va. 703971-5340.

and the Arabian States can mainon the United States may be more OR contact tain independence? (It should be than can be carried. America must

St. N.Washington 508remembered that British defense also conserve and build its own Crowellh * COMPANV INC Alex., Va. 22314

treaties with the oilrich sheikstrength and capacity. REALTORS Phone:703549-1675

doms of Arabia, including Kuwait, Rudyard Kiplingwas an Englishare also being cancelled.) man whose words America must COX'S DE1ICOUS

The British cutbacks of 1968 not forget:

cast the Vietnam war in the light "Farcalled, our navies melt away; CreamedMoney

of global strategy. American acOn dune and headland sinks the one of the best in the U.S.

gift boxes a specialitytiondifficult—notor withdrawalsentimentally,becomes morebut Lo, allfire;our pomp of yesterday CDXj

actually. Accumulated interests Is one with Nineveh and Tyre! c I [Write For Free Brochure)

HONEY FARMS I COXand pressures from the West have Judge of the nations, spare us yet, Shelley, Idaho 83274 built up since the sixteenth cenLest we forget, lest we forget."

tury. I saw Red Chinese trade On a beautiful June evening in

in in Africa Eastmissions the British in 1966, the embassy * Tripoli, Libby, as well as 1966, ofsummer of Kingdom Libya, was

Your Name - -ENVELOPESAddress - City, State & Zip MJ|jVLpostpd

McNeill, and Libby salesmen from celebrating the Queen's birthday. on reg. size (6%) white bond COLORS 83.95per 100 Utah res.

the West. The diplomatic corps, representing Type oi print information Ll.YellowGreen.or Pink,Buff Salesadd 1 TaxU

Will American interests, includall nations at the Libyan capital, on colors - give 1stChoice& 2nd oil,ing a there. permit or ChiRussian was setting. The sun was

mlnese defense of Near with the the banks agreement blue ENVELOPEP. O. BOX MediSendMONEYCHECKORDERor to:

CITY, SALT LAKE 11522UTAH 84111 or Bahrein? tall aid, terraneanKuwait Russian the stood flagpole,

as Egypt required for the Aswan bearing the Union Jack. Her

Dam? Or will the United States be Majesty's ambassador stood on

forced into the British defense the veranda, overlooking the verrole in the Red Sea, Persian Gulf, dant grounds. He politely called

Indian Ocean area? Are we not for attention. He made a graceful

already committed without physilittle speech, offering a toast to orc/wv\\AjiAJEWELRY CO.

cal bases? Can the United States King Isdris and the toast to Her 4 2 W E S T 2 N O. S O U T H DA 2-1039

afford it? Majesty, Queen Elizabeth. Then SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

With the export of dollars flowwe stood at attention as the colors, INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER ing rapidly through private as well the Union Jack, were retired for as governmental channels, the the coming night. There was no

question is more than academic. Marine Band, nor Black Watch SEND FOR THIS

A more important question exists. pipes, nor Horse Guards'riding

What is wise and best? For the musicians. It was a new age. The

immediate future we can expect national anthem, "God Save the any American administration to Queen,"was played on a phono- "pick up"the remaining British graph record and on a small See how this amazing 32as a parent. greatest success yourcommitments in whatever ways are machine. As a descendant of page book holds the key to

children tiabits in of harmful Points the way to remove causes ages.available. But Asia is an economic Englishmen, and an American inall of

child your If advanceyou want inprompt,every cheerfulway—sendobediencefor FreewhileBooklethelpingnow.

sinkhole. The internal depth and heritor of what came to be English Parents Association, Dept. I'.v.y Pleasant Hill, Ohio. 45359.

capacity of its poverty may require liberty under the law, a lump came more than the fantastic American to my throat. I surveyed the scene

economy can ever pump into it. as the Union Jack came down, IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

The new Asian and African nations there in the Libyan desert, by the Aids in treatment of simple sore must be encouraged to stand on edge of the sea. "God save the throat and other minor mouth and

their own feet. The United Nations Queen,"I thought. I also thought, throat irritations.

"sound truck"must slowly be re- "God save the United States!"O

HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah

May 1968 79 End of an Era

A man asked to be excused from jury duty because he was A mission had been in the mind deaf in one ear. "I don't think t that will matter,"said the judge.

of our son since he was old enough "We hear only one side of a to plan, so when his call came case at a time."

to go to South Germany, excitement # ran high. The weeks to follow My fouryear-old son, in a

were crowded with memorizing pensive mood, asked, "Do you lessons, medical and dental like everybody in the world, appointments, shopping, obtaining Mommy?""I like most people,"

a passport, and numerous other I answered. Still thoughtful,

activities. With a head full of he said, "I guess I don't love

missionary thoughts, he stopped at everybody in the world, but I the bank one day to buy travelers'love everybody in my life."

checks. denomination?""What J. C. Russler, Jr.,—Mrs. teller. "LDS."bank asked the Huntsville, Alabama

"What?""Oh,"the missionary

looked chagrined, "Church of t Blessed are they who have nothing

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."to say, and who cannot be

When the teller still looked persuaded to say it.

blushed puzzled, he suddenly as he—James Russell Lowell denomination he realized what

—Mrs.meant. "TenGloriadollars,Barber,please!"Pasco, ofTherethe darkwere agesthe centurieswhen the

Washington Illustrated by Ted Nagata heavens were as iron, when there were no revelations recorded;

""""""but more than a century ago, the iron ceiling was shattered, since which time revelations Men. are what their mothers A country ministerposted this have been continuous.

made them.—Ralph Waldo notice on the church door:—Elder Spencer W. Kimball

Emerson "Brother Smith departed for heaven at U:SO p.m."The next 'Twixt optimist and pessimist

With parenthood such a glorious day he found penciled below The difference is droll:

experience, how important it is his note: "Heaven, 9:00 a.m.: The optimist sees the doughnut,

that we have reverence for it. Smith not in yet—great The pessimist, the hole.

—Elder Boyd K. Packer anxiety."—McLandburgh Wilson

'End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

80 Improvement Era The Greatest Service and Selling

Opportunity of a Lifetime (ktLM&tfa/

S] cFamilyZAciiievement institute

Bob Richards Marilyn VanDerbur

Champion America Olympic Former Miss

Pat Boone

The GFamilyiAct\ievement Institute program is much more than a single product. It is a carefully programmed

YOU would like to sell a program narrated, endorsed package of powerful, inspiring recordings... exciting visual

and advertised by the most powerful group of national aids... and a tremendous assortment of new, original

personalities ever assembled... games and family oriented programs.

YOU have always wanted your own business with unequaled financial opportunity and repeat customers for years to come... YOU would enjoy selling exciting, tangible products in

YOU would like to be associated with a company that a program designed to bring realistic, visible results provides regional in the field training and has the to every American family...

most dynamic, experienced home office team in YOU would like to be a vital part in the rebirth of

America... good oldfashioned American attitudes towards our

YOU want to enjoy the benefits of the finest lead parents, our country and our God... and perform a

and prospecting system in America, where every desperately needed service to your fellow men...

family is a needful prospect...

ROBERT G. PEDERSEN Vice President, International Sales

Inc. International P. 0. Box 182THEN.. VMH E5 8 Salt North Lake, Utah 84054

give yourself an opportunity to learn why a

Please send me immediately the exciting information

VMH Franchise, suited to your needs, offers about the fabulous opportunities with VMH and the

YOU the greatest Service and Selling OpporCFamilyZAciiievement institute program tunity of Your Lifetime! Name

Phone (Area Code).

ACT TODAY!

Address

City State. Zip.

I am MOST interested in FRANCHISE DISTRIBUTORSHIP

International Headquarters Sales & Seminar Telephone (801) 2921456 {check one only): Persona! selling and management /

Salt Lake, Utah 84054P.O. Box 182 / North

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Putting the future on a

** firmfoundation

Beneficial Life Insurance can be the foundation of your family's plans for the future. Missions, college,

retirement—all depend on financial planning

begun now. Your Beneficial Life agent is

superbly qualified to advise you on the insurance protection and the insurance income that can make the future take shape just as you planned it.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah