.. olume 35 JULY, 1932 Number 9

Return Postage Guaranteed—Salt Lake City, Utah

tShips Don Come In They are Brought In

w surest way for you to have your ship come in is to help bring it in by workTHEing hard and intelligently saving a portion of all you earn. In other words

Save For a Sunny Day the First Security Way. Deposit a definite portion of

each pay check in the Savings Department of one of the following banks:

FIRST NATIONAL BANK THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO. FIRST SAVINGS BANK

Salt Lake City Logan Ogden FIRST NATIONAL BANK FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO. ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Ogden Salt Lake City Idaho Falls, Idaho

FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT:

Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Emmett, Payette, Mountain Home, Gooding, Rupert, Jerome,

Shoshone, Hailey, Blackfoot, Ashton, Montpelier, Preston, Idaho; Provo, Bingham,

Magna, Richmond, Utah; Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyo.

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization g$. p

fThe/jmprove/neirt

and the Department of Education

of the Family FORECAST For Every Member /pHE manner in which the New EDITORIALS

Testament has influenced the Badge of Courage H. R. Merrill 514

civilizations of the world and espeDay by Day Elsie T. Brandley 515

cially that civilization which is The Mormon Battalion Monument B. H. Roberts 515

America is discussed in an unDr. interestingusually manner by the ARTICLES president ofE. G. Peterson,

Utah State Agricultural College, George Washington In New York City Harold W. Bentley 517

in the August issue of the ImMormon Battalion and Monument B. H. Roberts 521

provement Era. Greatness in Men—James E. Talmage Bryant S. Hinckley 522

i i i Broadcastings from the M. I. A. Annual Conference 529

the Getting Most Wesset Out of Camping Elva 534 Moss as seen by Heart of Utah"'"PHE for Prayer T. Caine 536 A John this Camp the during a Chicago woman

summer of 1931 will have special The Star Spangled Banner Bertha L. Stevenson 541

interest for those who look upon Navajo and Pioneer Friends Joseph B. Harris 543

Salt Lake City as being "The The Peace Pipe and the Book of Mormon Peart Spencer 545

Place"in which Mormondom cenThe Magic Highway to the Silent City Edna I. Asmus 546

ters. The article will be well il- A Rainy Day in Shakespeare's Town George F. Paul 548

lustrated with scenes of the city.

FICTION rpiCTION is to find more space Nothing Ventured, Nothing Gained Irene Dunlap 526 than usual in the August isThe Scar Maxa Million 531 sue of the Improvement Era. The Love Blossom. Laura Reid Montgomery 532

Among the stories will be "a westThis Bear Business E. W. Taylor 537

ern"written by Glynn Bennion, the cattlemanstory-teller whose POETRY historical sketches of the Old West have long ago introduced him to A Sea and a City Beatrice K. Ekman 516

the public. The Echo Canyon War Ruth Max Fox 530

Western Echoes -John Sherman Walker 544 i i i Conquest..John Sherman Walker 544

will there be an aradditionTN Pearl Riggs Stars Prairie 559 Crouch* L. Stephen Elder tide about 559 M. Anderson Night Timpanogos....Andrew on President writtenRichards by

Bryant S. Hinckley, and the reguNew York Churchyard John G. Whidding 559

lar poetry and art. Longing. Clara Peterson 559

Prairie Yearning Pearl Riggs Crouch 559 i i i Reincarnated Ardyth Kennelly 559

The Cover This Month Tribute Merling D. Clyde 559

on the photographHpHE cover DEPARTMENTS especialwas taken * this month ly for the Improvement Era of the Rock Garden Contests 539

Mormon Battalion Monument on Book Reviews. 555

the State Capitol Grounds by Earl Church Music Committee 560

Lyman, of the Utah Photo MateAaronic Priesthood 561 562 the Melchizedek Priesthood Workers for Books descripthe Seerials Company. 563 Messages Mutual B. H. Robertstion by President 576 Let's It Over Talk

on page 521.

Published monthly bv the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Office, Salt at Entered the Post OFFICES: EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE Ballard, AND Mgr. Business Melvin J.

BLDG., OFFICE SALT LAKE secondclass city, as Utah, CITY. UT. Lake Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr, 406 CHURCH Clarissa A.

Improvement Mutual 1932, Men's by the Young B. Peterson, O. ctf Jesus Corporation Church Ass't Bus. Mgr. AssociationCopyright, of the Christ matter.special rateAcceptanceof postageforprovidedmailing forat George Q. Morris, rights reserved. Saints. All of Latterday

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.no a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917. authorized July 2, 1918.

aa

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

The Badge of Courage TI 7 HEN Brigham Young and his band of one There you have Brigham Young—a builder—VV hundred forty odd followers arrived in commander—but a man with visions—dreams

Salt Lake Valley, July 24, 1847, they found a which he solidified into realities! He spoke and ansagegreen vista, rimmed by mountains, and inland empire grew up out of the savage soil—

edged on the northwest by a shimmering body of startling, miraculous thing. It was no mushroom

water about which they knew but little. President growth springing up and withering in a day. It was

Young, however, lost no time in exploration or a growth springing out of brave hearts and most in wondering whether a body cherished ideals. Fertilized and

of the blood strengthened by a such in live could peopleof its lie roots, at true martyrs who could. theyplace. knew He

last will fibre it that in it the has leadthe under Saints, The er's direction, had scarcely through the ages.

broken ground before explorers Winds of adversity are now were sent out to find suitable blowing upon that inland emlocations for immigrants who pire. It, like the desert plants

were to follow. Though Presisurrounding it, draws in its

dent Young must secretly have foliage, shows its spines, but it falter. lay It will not may not suche misgivingshad many

it but large of rings growth, on bold a in presentingceeded front to his friends and foes will sink its roots deeper and be alike. better prepared for future storms

While yet the first city was which are certain to come.

merely a few cabins by a creek, The same God who guided is guiding his he spread the saints as they Brigham Young arrived to various parts of successors. The same courage

Utah, Arizona, Nevada, and which possessed the heart of the

Idaho. He knew of the hardEmpire Builder strengthens the

ships confronting them; he hands of those who have come

knew that some might fail; after him, for they are inspired

Ihe knew that there would be by the spirit of truth and upwhiners and grunters among held by the hopes, the ideals, the them; but he sent them just faith of the same great people

the same. Brigham Young in his prime and their sons and daughters

This was a wild and savage who gave their lives to a cause.

land. Its teeth were bared. It snarled at those who A great people cannot be defeated, for they will

attempted to break its long slumber. The sun seemed not be defeated. The badge of courage worn by

has been passed on to this entire savage, too, those July days—as savage as the followBrigham Young

ing winter proved to be. Some men stood appalled, people not only in Utah or America, but throughout

but not Brigham Young! Sustained by an inner the world. Any person who gives his life and his

faith in himself, in his people, and in the cause for fortune to a cause must possess the badge of courage.

which he stood, he seemed to be as solid as the surAnd so, President Brigham Young, courageous rounding hills. leader, undaunted builder, capable executive, the emthe badge to will continue grow; pire planted you desert in the came, found but they an Later army to those have passed has of you courage who by worn organized leader without selfcontained a calm, empire build your to dared you. followed you As fighting, of with funds; no intention without armies; social- a to build dare will cities they towns, of and giving or an of knuckling intention no is alreadybut—with of spiritual the which white empire form

inch. rising from this soil! If the hope of the world is

"You must not attempt to come into the valley in this people, then these times are a challenge to us this fall, (1858),"said he. And when with his all, and out of them will come a new order of things

consent they did come the following year, they found fashioned still more nearly after the Christian pattern.

a deserted city with only men enough left to apply But changes require courage. It is a time when a

the torch in case the agreement he had forced upon man should say "not you or they should, but I will the army was not carried out to the very letter. put on the badge of courage."H. R. M.

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 515

Day by Day f I 'HERE is no way of knowing how many times litical, educational and international orders are to

J- a year the term "day by day"is used in speech. change, why not find the exhilaration of watching

Songs, poems and prayers include it; new cults use them change and participating in the changes? Memit, with the addition "in every way;"it is well a- bers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

mong the first when trite expressions are listed. Simshould be the last to fear change, for the foundation

ple, stereotyped, ordinary as it is, the time is here to stone of modern revelation, on which the structure think about its meaning, and to think deeply, analyof the church is reared, paves the way for change, tically, philosophically. The woman who left her when that shall come by the voice of the Lord's aphusband of a week because she had computed mathepointed representatives. Many changes which are

matically the outrageous number of meals which she taking place today may be temporary, and not for would have to prepare over a period of twenty years the best; but surely they will be but preliminary to

might well have put a dayby-day plank into her marothers which are good.

ital platform. Parents who fear to have children beis to storecause it is estimated that at least six thousand dollars To enjoy the red of today's robinbreast

will be required to raise each one; the fine people everyup something strengthening to help meet the revoluwhere who are losing the beauty of this day because tion of tomorrow, if it should come. Every hour of

of possible cancer, accident or financial disaster of the friendship, courtesy, sympathy, faith, fidelity to truth future, all need the day by day idea. Most minutes and loyalty to the fine and good and lovely is an

are easy enough to live; hours, as a rule, are pleasant asset of character which will help when hard tasks

days are short and interesting. It is next week, next arise and established orders totter. Stop crossing

month, the date when the mortgage falls due, the bridges before you come to them, for perhaps by the danger of Junior getting into bad company when he time you really get there, the bridge will have been shall have deserted kindergarten for college that make washed out and you'll have the exciting opportunity life difficult. Certainly there are people, and not as to swim across the stream. If you must be a pessifew of them as we could wish, who can scarcely get mist, be the kind who expects such awful things thatthrough this very hour because of hunger or diseverything which happens is a pleasant surprise—but

it is pleasant.couragement. To many the imagined catastrophes let others know that

have materialized. Not everyone can find unalloyed Live today with hope for tomorrow and faith in

joy this day. But, strange as it may seem, those peothe future. Day by day extract from life all that life

ple are the ones who carry hope to others. The worst has to offer, and if it is not as sweet to the taste as

better. you would have it, find in its bitterness the medicinalhas happened—what comes now must be

A woman who will soon reach her eightieth birthquality of herbs. Few experiences in life are devoid

interesting changes taking for them day by day, satisfaction will come. If itdaytoday—therewas heardareto sosaymanyrecently, "I'm delighted to live of possibilities for developing growth; and in looking

place. What if I had died at fifty and missed it all!"comes not because of ease and happiness, it will come

Excellent philosophy, that. If social, financial, poin spite of them. E. T. B.

The Mormon Battalion Monument '# iHE Erection of the Mormon Battalion Monument into Salt Lake Valley, July 29, 1847, * ment is the dream come true of the Daughters five days after Brigham Young's company of of the Battalion, who through the years kept the Utah Pioneers.

campfires of their fathers burning until the state of There are three figures besides the tablets to make

Utah and her people took notice and built the Monuup the Monument. These are the typical Battalionment as it stands upon the southeast corner of the Man, in bronze—ten feet high. On the east side

Capitol Grounds, facing westward, the direction of above the double tablet hewn into the rock is the the Battalion's celebrated march. The state legisfigure of the Young Indian Mother with the babe

lature appropriated $100,000 of the funds for the slung on her back, representing the Vanishing Race as

Monument contingent upon the people of the state departing from the scenes of activities depicted on the duplicating the amount by popular subscription. To Monument. At the top of the Monument, also hewn

the surprise of many the amount of the popular subinto the rock headland, supposed to be overlooking

Pacific, figure is the of a noblescription after obthe was and raised, and meeting many woman—head bust and arms, hair with overcoming windblown into the headstacles and them was finthe Monument

ished and unveiled on the annual Decoration Day, land as she makes her way westward. She may be

May 30, 1927. called Spirit of the West; or Columbia Pressing WestThe Monument is triangular in form, rising to a ward, or Spirit of Progress. However called she

height of 39 feet. On the three sides of the Monudominates all the groups indicated and suggests a

ment are four scenes, in high relief tablets: unity to all of them and the direction of their march.

the idea of The best Monument, the aside from itself, its Northwest side—The Enlistment. Monument majesty and beauty, will be Southwest side—The March. found in the fine engraving of it on the cover of this

On the east side of the triangle is a double scene: July number of the Improvement Eva which celeAt Battalion Day,"July "Mormon the right—The Discovery of Gold, Calibrates 16th—the fornia; anniversary of the completed muster of the Battalion At the left—Entrance of the Pueblo Detachinto the service of the United States. B. H. Roberts.

"When the sun sets "At the base of the the sky flames with Wasatch Mountains my splendor. inland city lies.'

ity and A A\ea By BEATRICE K. EKMAN faV / C*J

sets the sky the sun flames with splendor. The sea a lure a sea and a city that calls me When of

gold. mirrors copper and I roam.THERE'Swherever

A sea that is ancient and inland, and a city that The clouds form in grand panorama as their suntinted beckons me home. banks are unrolled.

And often on still summer evenings when the moon tranAt the base of the Wasatch mountains my inland city lies, scends the sky

Green as an emerald garden, under the summer skies. With the jeweled stars behind her and the white clouds

To the west like molten silver her face reflecting the blue, trailing by,

And the changing clouds of the heavens, the old dead sea A path shines over the waters, mystic, resplendent and bright, lies too. And Circe a song is singing where the moon and the sea

she basks in unite.Heavy her waves—salt laden,—Sphinxlike

the sun, lure of the sea and the city goes with me wherever And the

Telling no man her secrets that the centuries have spun. I roam,

Over her briny bosom the gray gulls scream and fly. A sea that is ancient and inland, and a city that beckons

They float on her heavy waters and ride the white caps high. me home.

GeorgeWashington By HAROLD W. BENTLEY, Ph.D.

Washington on Long Island and Manhattan in 1776! Those were

crucial days for the Commanderin-Chief! Harold W. Bentley has given

us here a graphic picture of those trying times. Was Providence in the

background turning the tide of events...?"

Plot"the "Hie key In New York City at the which aimed public men murder of Washington and betrayal of the cityFEWhave written to the British. Indeed,

more or longer the city was in a state letters than George of constant excitement

Washington. In one during the latter part of

of his shortest is this 1775 and the spring of alleged quotation from 1776. This condition

a wouldbe c r i t i c and the lack of decided "Heaven has been detersupport on the part of mined to save your New York for the country, or a weak GenRevolutionary cause was eral and bad counselan important factor in lors would have ruined Washington's mind it."Just or unjust, the when he visited Philawriter of such a statedelphia to stir Congress

ment may well have into a realization of the had in mind the gloomy seriousness of the situachapter of the war a- tion. He returned with

City Yorkround New a great weapon—the ofin the fall 1776. of IndeAs Declaration

one reads accounts of pendence. The Declathe campaign he cannot ration was read to the

escape the recurring feelAmerican troops on the ing that if ever ProviBowling Green and redence was manifest in sulted in the downfall an armed conflict it was of the statue of George manifest in this one. the Third but not the

New York City was downfall of his troops considered one of the Bronze Plaque on Engineering Building, a few days later when most important points, Columbia University they began the attack geographically, in the on Long Island.

Colonies. There was no question Tories. Open conflicts threatened Of the acts in Washington's life,

in the minds of both Americans from within the city and bombardprivate or public, that have been and British that it would figure ment from without by the British adversely criticised, none has reprominently in the War. Hence, ships anchored menacingly in the ceived such severe attacks as the

as soon as Boston was evacuated harbor. Many Loyalists, on their New York City maneuvers in the

by the King's troops both military own initiative or by help of a board fall of 1776. An American Brevetchiefs turned their attention to rail or tar bucket, had gone into Brigadier General and student of

New York. This was early in exile from the city yet there remilitary tactics, Charles Francis

1776. At that time a peculiar pomained conservatism sufficient to Adams, is not alone in his amazelitical situation existed in the city. bring from John Adams of Massament "at the mistakes, from a miliThe population, as at present, was chusetts the complaint that New tary point of view, of which

...distinctly cosmopolitan—besides York was "still asleep or dead in Washington was then guilty

colonials and English there were politics and war."Official governWashington appears to have disreDutch, Germans, Scotch, Irish and ment was under a Tory governor garded almost every known prinJews from Portugal. The Euroand Tory mayor but revolutionciple of strategy or rule of tactics,

peans, as well as many colonials, ary activity was sponsored by the some of them in a way almost were averse to any political move Committee of Safety appointed by grotesque.. (and).. it is not too

that might bring destruction to American sympathizers. This much to say that Washington betheir property or business entercommittee was responsible for retrayed a truly singular ignorance

prises. New York City was a strictions on Tories, for ousting of what cannot be regarded otherstronghold for Loyalists and the Loyalists and for uncovering wise than as the elementary prin518 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

'iSSm1 "* 'M BBKllli&lill? S.;';; EfflpiiiiH

i? 7: HHpf W-7 Mf "i HHHm'l&fF1

.-... * 'iBB -'* WSm *.v fipaiiilwEMBs

v '.:::!. ')1''p 5|

':;:: 'iSf H.j if ". titC'3;''"-i w0S&&&m?: *

"fe i! '! "Si IHiiiW III rfe|& J

IP'''"3* ilitfllii v"\ <$.,-aBi pi

4 ffil Pgf NE |,a.'PHIL- 1 t&iiifiSLps

w&JWil 5A? % 3 1* isH V*jEffijjMWiifMH

ifrPPjHIB wWmm mmwm 1 M f."ifHEa wsS&$ [Tx$B8\ mJMWsSyL.taFB wmmWMmm

<igpv WSJ**..HRBp! -'l ''- rWWBB?flp a@ h1

HBjrtt -'SB* aMiM - "si fllPilBB mWffimtrrWWmz&Sf IMr $&Jll

'''1 Nil gal '- i "V. BT "* r'Jw BflB: tSh [ iBp "S\

4"1 sS3K=nj PI? -\fjKH Mh|-'S? BftB '--'- LMiHi s:*:"JMbTbBt-- Hk WmBm

lr'fiS bRbj19vbI -bK ij>j ""tF"v''JHanl ByvTYirtfiimpBBl aSHfetriii'-'Aiii---""-''"--'MjP jMj&mis11 ""s - - '.:"fi; r:;->r-'S:;4-Spill: *HB.-.'.''':i'"MEli""

Washington Bidding Farewell to his Officers Courtesy New York Public Library.

ciples of military movements..."ing he vainly snapped his pistols New York contemporaries—John

And Professor Van Tyne feels that at them, even flayed them with Jay, Hamilton, Livingston and "Only luck and a dilatory enemy riding cane and sword in an effort Hartley and statues of Hamilton saved him from his almost fatal to face them about to meet the and Jefferson, the retreating Amererrors in both strategy and tacsmall force of enemy. As he icans experienced for a very short

tics..."Accusations such as these struggled against their panic and time the only sweet sensation of

ride rough shod over one's idealfear his rage overcame and madsuccess during the campaign. A

ized conception of the Commanddened him to such a degree that bronze plaque on the engineering erin-chief of the immortal Conhe ignored his own safety and that building at Columbia commemtinental Army. of his staff. Had his horse, with orates the victory. It reads: 'To

him on it, not been led away by commemorate the battle of Harlem |)URING the New York cam- a thoughtful subordinate AmerHeights won by Washington's paign Washington had other ica's Commanderin-chief might troops on this site September 16, mishaps, albeit minor ones, with have been taken prisoner or killed 1776."

his reputation. Immoderate, blindin an ignominious situation. He

ing rage, however righteously prohad become not only speechless HPHE following day Washington voked, is not becoming to greatness. with anger but motionless. (This issued congratulations in these

The perfect man, even under madsame day occasion was provided words: "The General most heartdening circumstances, must retain for the now famous story about ily thanks the troops commanded

selfcontrol sufficient to keep himself General Putnam's escape while the yesterday by Major Leitch, who and those he directs from acts of British general and staff tarried at first advanced on the enemy, and folly. This Washington seems to Mrs. Murray's house for their the others who so resolutely supdinner. yestohave failed one Sunday behaviour young ported do on at least A daring them—the

occasion. officer named Aaron Burr guided to that landed Hessians such a contrast terday is few A

at Kip's Bay (the present 34th Putnam's soldiers.) of some troops the day before, as

Street and East River) and drove a Washington's experience in this must show what may be done much larger force of Americans in New York struggle was one bitter where officers and soldiers will ex- a panic out of their entrenchments disappointment after another from ert themselves. Once more, thereand up through the corn fields of Columbia Heights in Brooklyn fore, the General calls upon offiManhattan (about where the across the river and up Manhattan cers and men to act up to the noble

Grand Central railroad station island to the present site of Columcause in which they are engaged now stands). Washington interbia University at 11 6th Street. and support the honor and liberties

cepted his fleeing soldiers and reWhere today stand university of their country."

monstrated with them. This failbuildings named for Washington's Respite from retreat for the

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 519

Americans was short. The superior In the opinion of Professor Abbot conflict. Thus far its experience

British forces, as soon as they were of Harvard University "The effort had been, if not glorious, at least inclined to action, were able to to hold New York was one of gratifying. At Lexington, Concontinue the drive until they had those not infrequent instances in cord and Boston in the north and

cleared the island of colonial history where real or supposed pothe Carolinas in the south the troops and had captured Fort litical exigency overrides sound American forces had justified fair

Washington. On several occasions strategy, and politicians doom an or better expectations in subsewhole detachments of American army and its commanders to alquent engagements. But they had

troops were in danger of benot met the British in open ing captured with their supbattle. The real strength

plies. Many individual of those troops and the

soldiers were captured. A- weaknesses of the colonials

mong them one who regretwere still to be discovered.

ted "only one life to give"The discovery was made first two days offor his country—Nathan during theHale. Taken as a spy he the New York campaign.

was executed as such but beAll that could be done then cause of his social and powas to surrender or strategiclitical prominence and his ally retreat. General Washnoble attitude he has gone ington personally directed

down in history the most the retreat. It was an outidealized of all spys. standing achievement in the

It was a dark hour for history of military manoeuthe American cause, probvres and presaged what came ably the darkest hour durlater by way of Washington ing the War. At Boston strategy. It was evidence

Washington did not have that, to quote a recent acvictory but he had success count by a British army ofand success next to victory ficer, "no selection to milimaintains both army and tary command was ever civilian morale. At New more justified by the results

York there was neither vicwhich attended it"than tory nor success, except in that of Washington. Maksmall dabs, rather there was ing due allowance for the

interested watchcare of defeatdefeat after an and nearFEDL1VAL HALL the of afterdisaster neardisaster. removal o Jt K S s Providence yjie Sea/ qf GoXf

the heights in the frirut >*Sal<l iy ADeo/irrle,Yew tlaurn TJo troops from American army wasThe

Ay Sidney Jff.Srnr/A- to island thea pitiful in Brooklyn condition both OS

physically and spiritually; of Manhattan is a feat in

civilian disgust and hostil- (2X6VO "jyoTOs the military career of George ity were growing and the Washington not to be forhopes Congress had cherFrom aCourtesyRare PrintNew York Public Library gotten.

ished were fairly well batEvents that followed tered. Washington himself is said most certain failure. New York during the next month have made

to have opined that "all is lost if could not be held without a fleet; New York City replete with hisNew York be lost."and its loss cost the Americans not toric spots that recall incidents of

New York was soon lost. What only the city itself, but a great part this campaign. Practically the enexplanation and justification could of their already too slender means tire American army gathered in the

be made by the Commanderin- for continuing the conflict; it nearcity and the feet of patriot soldiers

chief on whom the blame and the ly cost them all. That it was an trod literally every foot of Mancriticisms were being heaped? The error from even a political much hattan's soil. Nathan Hale's capseverest criticisms were, and still less a military standpoint, was eviture and dramatic execution has alare, levelled against the opening dent from the fact that its loss had ready been mentioned. In New

days of the campaign. Why did no appreciable effect on the final York City after the war Washinghe attempt to make a stand in success of the American cause. The ton bade his officers and troops an

Brooklyn and why did he "disrereal strength of that cause, and the affectionate farewell. Later, when

gard almost every known principle real greatness of its leader were... elected first president of the United

of strategy or rule of tactics some evidenced... in the fact that, in States which he helped establish,

of them in a way almost grospite of this reverse, Washington Washington took the oath of office, tesque?"A simple and accurate and his army retained their fightdelivered his inaugural address and

answer obviously is that nobody ing qualities... (and)... when made his home in this city during

knows. Washington was able to put his his terms of office.

... the Recent American policy in war own strategy into effect

has been to "let the man on the war took on another aspect."TT is pleasant to imagine, as an

grounds decide."Furthermore, oldtime morningglory-h o r n

Congress favored a defense of New DUBLIC opinion, which was not phonograph record facetiously set

York for political reasons and to be ignored, also favored a forth long ago, that "if WashingWashington was nothing if not defense of New York. The army ton should come to life today"he

attentive to the wishes of Congress. itself was in no mood to avoid a would hasten to visit many of

520 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

these sites and recall some of the "old buckwheat field"on Harlem Harlem Heights September 16th.

scenes enacted during his various Heights by Nicholas Murray ButPresident Washington visited this sojourns in the city. Assuming ler, president of Columbia Unimansion accompanied by his cabthat he would come up from versity. The buckwheat field, inet July, 1790. Morris House

Mount Vernon on the Pennsylonce a scene of battle is now Co1758, Jumel Mansion 1810, Earle vania railroad he would no doubt lumbia's campus. Between the Cliff 1900."

be greatly impressed by the time he University and the old Morris Of the old Fort Washington he emerged from the "Penn"station House at 161st Street he would would find but two vestiges, a after passing under the Hudson find little to remind him of the bronze marker at 183rd Street beRiver and half the island through wooded hills and fortifications tween Riverside Drive and Broad- a huge tube. The station he would thrown up by his troops in 1776. way and a boulder cracked by the

learn is at 34th Street just across As the heavy steel cars of a subway fires of the soldiers in huts built the island from Kipp's Bay, of train thundered out of the ground around it. The boulder is preembarrassing memory, and out beat 122nd Street and on trestlework served on the grounds of the high

yond what was known, even in his crossed a swale at 125th Street he school nearby named in his honor.

day, as "the fields."The old Fedmight call to mind the old "HolWashington, on this fanciful

eral Building in which he took the low Way"through which some of visit, would no doubt choose to oath of office he would not find his men pursued the British on put up at the old Murray Hill hoamong the gigantic and amazing September 16th. But the handtel on ground once belonging to

clifffaced structures known today some Morris house, now known as Mrs. Murray of Putnam's escape

as "skyscrapers."But Fraunces the Jumel Mansion, he would find fame. If so, he would be near the

Tavern on the corner of Pearl and in first rate condition overlooking great public library at Fifth AvenBroad streets, though peculiarly the Harlem River. Before enterue and 42nd Street. And Washout of place among its towering ing he would pause on the veranda ington, being ever sensitive to the

neighbors, might bring back memto read this inscription on a bronze comments of others about him, ories. Such a distinguished visitor plaque: "Washington's Headquarwould not resist the urge to call at

would of course ride up the old ters. This tablet is dedicated by the library and examine some of

Bloomingdale Roadarticles shorterwinding biographies and the the Heights Chapter Washington feted and be Broadway)(now the fancy Here him. written about of the Daughters of the American of paper a snowwith downpour return, having Washington's to the of Genof Memory tape streamers, cusRevolution ticker theand alits purpose, be might served

tomary New York greeting for faeral George Washington who oclowed to fade and in its place a mous visitors. Up at 1 1 6th Street cupied this mansion as his headshort consideration taken of the

and Broadway he would no doubt quarters from September 16th to man and his biographers.

be shown with pride about the October 21st, 1776. Battle of (Continued on page 565)

TO ALL BRAVE, HEALTHY, ABLE BODIED, AND WELL

DISPOSED YOUNG MEN, IN THIS NEIGHBOURHOOD, WHO HAVE ANY INCLINATION TO JOIN THE TROOPS, NOW RAISING UNDER

GENERAL*fo"r the dtttWASHINGTON,n c e of the

LIBERTIES AND INDEPENDENCE OF THEAgainft the UNITEDhoftile defigns of foreignSTATES,enemies,

TAKEOTICE,

THAT <?&*-& r&etsgfi *&A*sf >* bv-, be,given will couirty, attendance

1-. his c *&-jC*'Stg% recruitioparty mufeand & V'tf infantry, receiving oi enrolrment the of the pnrpole commandedwith Lieutenant reS 'gdenjrfoj Colonel by AaToHof leul f 1as sfftZs1fft> SFIRITff.p.V willing to > into this may fervice. b,c. honourable tJ?., at this enliflenter ume, is truly liberal fully annual and generous, an bounty and namely, of twelve l,? oi*j."couiiaoement good and nandfome clouthimx, daily toa fufficicntill allowance a vear of laree and provifions, sixty dollars,with together ample aof

a ""'>'> who1e "? fubtiftance of articles proper "as dollarsfor his all the friends, afoldier coldand lay himfelf forration and may up P arc provided"LjV, law, by comfortg'Jlupplyr. without eany expence whichto him.

this may Thofc recruiting party a particular their with in feeing more hearing opportunity will of above, an thewho great manner, advantagesfavour thefe which brave ihe will viewing in years men fpendinsr a fewand thishave attendancehave, happy of opportunity embrace who u1,n*nt ln pleafes if return co!"he, after may, t wfiich, he truly charafter refpeOableihallas a foldier, and of to friends, hisZ*"1?Ia Tk KZSfHihome his with pockets fum. of moneyhonourable his and laurel.. with head coveLd

GOD SAVE THE UNITED STATES.

Tb<> above recruiting poster of the Revolution,whichrepresentingis now iu theAmericanpossessionBOliiiersof thegoingHistoricalthroughSocietytheir drill,of Pennsylvania.is a facsimile Editor.of the only copy known to have been preserved,

Front a Rare Document Courtesy New York Public Library.

East View of the Battalion Monument

Inset: President B. H. Roberts

>attalion andZsoLonumentzMorrnon By B. H. ROBERTS

THEMonumentMormonon theBattalionCapitol Unitedno storyStates'of the"Mormon"heroism oftroops;that THEREparticipationwouldin, haveand extensionbeen no

Grounds at Salt Lake City, dreadful march in which human of, the discovery of gold in Calhelpfulness of the Mormutual kindness and ifornia by members peofor the is a "marker"Utah, withtriumphed Battalion; the no example men among over all mon route States en the Unitedple of and desert waste number year of a large in the but limitless sameto their "manifest destiny"—the their would fastness. laying There Battalion down the of occupancy mountain to, and theirexpansion

of the in consolidation delayed implements been wealthwinning have nation Pacificof Coast—God's conjoint territory the mountains cross to vast the by mines, won gold America!par theexcellence—in villagebuild- and States to of action United turn and Army eastward of is it reminder a noble Also of been region have semidesert There the would in ing Navy. Saint the Latterday partthe

trivigor- substitution of call duty! of the at no prompt Utah A in took people her andChurch for civilization over Saxon of ous Anglo duty mammon! umph destiny.""manifestthat

Spanishnative, aforesaid the a mongrel, to that of addition In much If would one how know civilization. been decaying have No and would which to Battalion meansthe Mormon harshness chiefly of the things are mitigation early which the of the of Church thingslost—andthe History

its is a matter of country a and conquerors of the of now Histhe spirit—itiNew Dispensation—to led subas the parboth Battalion such people, the that record of the to California, to of Utah,tory

their concrete conquerors great people and in four ticipated dued Coastal WestIntermountain and officials hi both of extended, and that movements eliminStates, then—United the Unitedof for petition material possible, and cases made some Army StatesNavy—to the story consciousnessate from

of the Mormon Battalion from the the reenlistment of the Battalion, developments of the West. These

enlistment were failing that then the or peothe of Americanmovement The opening of the National Battalion of another the same from bePacific Coast, andple to the

Pacific; to the Highway There Mormons! loss history a to wouldhold what people—the the and of gold The discovery the of been no record would have act! that There wouldbe by made in Calof it the finds of extension States Morof this United conduct of an American then recordbe no

people expatriated from their mon Battalion as represented by ifornia;

in developgiven assistance in The of California Governor Mason their forcountry religion—and Basin in the Great settlements ing as Calof the Battalion his report and scorned"even while "wrongedtendering their service to that counifornian Garrison Troops.—especially in Utah.

try in time of war, and volunteerIt is a precious item in United But above all, the Monument ing to settle and hold for it new States Military History, this restands for the patriotism of a peoterritory in prospect of conquest. port. Governor Mason said: ple; the heroism and virility of

There would be no worldrecord their enlisted youth amid condimarch of Infantry to the credit of "They have religiously respected the tions which prove that the "Minthe United States Army by these rights and feelings of these conquered peoute Men of Concord"and the a syllable not first BatMexicans—and of the ple—the volunteers; of Western no Mormon MenMormon single a ears reached has of complaint my race, of the same talion were to the Pamenwagon trail completed a insult offered outrage done Moror by

all!cific Coast by a Battalion of mon Volunteer."of like spirit—Americans

Greatness in Men—Dr.Scholar,James teacher,E. Talmagewriterhas, lecturer,been andscientistis allandof apostlethese.

In this article President Hinckley reveals the path by which this man mounted from immigrant boy to Apostle and to the proud position of being one of the ablest defenders of the Church and the Saints in these latter days.

James E. Talmage

By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

President of Liberty Stake PROFESSIONpermitted to follow this

ALLY a scientist line he made important and a preceptor, contributions in various with gifts and powers fields and early won inacquired by few, Dr. ternational recognition

Talmage is also a writer for his work. He is sciand speaker of great abilentifically minded and

ity and skill. He is an has stimulated interest in

absolute master of Engscientific study through lish, both by pen and by his original work and tongue, and possesses a through his ability to musical eloquence of marpresent and to popularvelous fluency and preize the subject. He was

cision. His style of orathe first to establish

tory, though not stentocourses in domestic scirian is wonderfully im- e n c e and agricultural pressive; his well stored chemistry in the intermind, capacious memory, mountain West. Under

quick recollection and rehis direction the Deseret markable readiness o f Museum was made a speech render him an large and influential inideal instructor in public stitution.

and private."He is a teacher of exSuch is the estimate of traordinary ability—althe historian, Orson F. ways in complete mastery

Whitney, as recorded in of his subject, fascinating

This is an accurate apreasonable in his requirelating to is a scientist,praisalability—heof Dr. Talmage's ments, constantly stimugreat is ana teacher, a writer and a endeavor—hehis students

speaker. Since the day "ideal teacher."

this was written he has, He has majored magwith unusual diligence, nificently as a writer and pursued the tasks that a speaker and will best have come unasked to be known to coming genhim and has moved steadily forJames Edward Talmage erations through his writings but ward adding to the list of academic remembered best by the present honors which he won early in life, ing all the bright prophecies that generation for his eloquence as a and constantly contributed with were made of him as a young man. speaker. There is indeed a "muhis pen and tongue to the advancesical eloquence"about his speaking

ment of science, of education and '"PHE historian speaks of him as which gives to it a fascinating and of theology—his later life confirm- a "scientist."While he was persuasive quality rarely surpassed.

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 523

He has spoken before congresses doctrines of the Church with a who have registered in that instiand colleges, from the pulpit and clearness and cogency unsurpassed. tution since its establishment we

the platform, on the streets and James E. Talmage will go into hisdo not call to mind any one more

over the air and with impressive tory as one of the ablest and most highly endowed than he is. His

effect. brilliant advocates of "Mormonmind, luminous and absorbent,

Would it not be interesting to ism."In this work he has found coupled with his matchless indusspeculate just where his splendid lasting satisfaction and made the try, very early in life won for him

abilities would have taken him in supreme contribution of his life; a proud place among the scholars

any one of several fields of enwithout question it is greater and and leaders of his time.

deavor had he chosen to follow more fundamental than anything His contact with Karl G. Maeser

them? His father and was a fortunate and

his grandfather were happy one, for Dr.

medical men and he had Maeser was indeed a a predilection for that technician in the fine profession, and had he art of character buildfollowed it would, uning. There was a lofty

doubtedly, have become idealism about him and a renowned physician. a rational and enlight-

A NY one acquainted enedhe saidfaithandpermeateddid. Thisall

with his capacity, had a deep and perhis resourcefulness, his manent influence upon readiness in debate and the life and character of his ability as an advoDr. Talmage. Although

cate would at once acthe Academy was in cord him an eminent those days small and place among the great financially poor there jurists and lawyers of was something great his time had he elected soul, about the it—thethat profession. Both inthe of atmosphere

of these fields were very stitution radiated to evalluring in the days of ery city and hamlet of his young manhood and the Church carrying the would have brought to name and fame of Karl him worldly prefer- G. Maeser, James E.

ments and emoluments Talmage and others.

out of all proportion to In June, 1879, he anything he received. He was graduated from the

would have gone to Normal department of great heights in journalthat institution, the ism or won distinction highest in his class, and on the lecture platform. May Booth Talmage in his seventeenth year

The question naturally arises he was employed as a regular inhis course? determinedwhat What

the to chooseled him major work he might have done in other fields. structorscience, there,Latin teachingand English.elementaryHe

of his life? The answer is easy to TAMES E. TALMAGE was taught full time and received for

one acquainted with him. He has J born in the little town of his services the munificent sum of

always sought divine guidance and Hungerford, Berkshire, England, $3.00 per week or $120.00 for the

the counsel of his brethren in makSeptember 21, 1862, and came school year. The second year his

ing important decisions and has with his parents to this country pay was increased to $5.00 per

followed the counsel given witharriving in Salt Lake City in June, week. That was before the days

out question or hesitation and with 1876. The family became estabof depression.

ultimate joy and satisfaction. lished in Provo and James entered

Dr. Talmage is deeply religious the Brigham Young Academy at DEFORE entering the services of

and has always been active in the the opening of its first regular his Alma Mater he was offered

Church. Since December 8, 191 1, academic year. In his native land a responsible and a highly remunwhen he was set apart as one of he was a diocesan prize scholar at erative position, for those days, in

the Council of the Twelve, he has twelve years of age. At fourteen the public schools of Provo. He

devoted himself almost exclusively he entered the Brigham Young needed money and needed it badly to his ministerial duties and has Academy and came in contact with and was in grave doubt as to just given a service distinguished for its Karl G. Maeser who was not slow what would be the best thing to

scholarship and consecration. His to discover that this English boy do. Following his usual custom

life has been an example and an possessed superior possibilities. The he sought divine guidance. Reinspiration to young people who fiftyfive years which have passed tiring to a secluded place in a nearhave looked to him with pride and since he enrolled in that instituby canyon he prayed with all the

admiration. tion have verified all of the hopes fervor of his soul for wisdom to

He has, with learning and with and anticipations held out by Dr. guide him in his decision and relogic, defended his faith at home Maeser concerning this boy. A- ceived a clear and satisfying anand abroad and expounded the mong the thousands of students swer to his prayer, after which he

524 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

went cheerfully to work in the if its claims be verified, I was seekfrom home to college. He finally

Academy not knowing what the ing a way out of the Church if its asked advice from President John remuneration would be. And so claims should prove to me to be Taylor and with reference to this

all his life he has had the humility unsound. After months of such visit Dr. Talmage said:

and the faith to seek light from inquiry I found myself in posses- "I have often marveled at the this divine source. The current of sion of an assurance beyond all kindness and condescension of

question that I was in solemn fact a member of the Church of Jesus

Christ. I was convinced once for

all, and this knowledge is so fully an integral part of my being that without it I would not be myself."

QN June 15, 1873, he was baptized and confirmed a member of the Church by his father. His

baptism took place under circumstances of the most extraordinary character, as published in the Era, a deacon, teacher, elder, high priest and apostle successively.

In conversation he said: "Every

call I have received to office in the priesthood has come to me because some one was needed to fill a par- V ticular place, and was in no sense.-

a matter of advancement or honor to myself as an individual. The

Talmage, Joyce James Susannah Preater Talmage greatest joys life have come of my E. Father of James

activities in the through to me his religious life runs deep and still Church and these have been the and strong. He has never drifted President Taylor in spending nearfrom the moorings of his early ly two hours with me. In the

faith which is childlike and beaucourse of our conversation he intiful. His life furnishes many ilquired into my work and plans.

luminating and faithpromoting He advised me strongly to enter a lessons. University in the East and, to my

grateful surprise, laid his hands on asked—"When and When my head and blessed me for the receive a testimony did youwhere

of the gospel?"he answered: undertaking. The blessing thus

"That I do not know, I believe I pronounced has been realized in was born with it as I belong to the both spirit and letter."

third generation of Talmages in the Church. My paternal grandTN 1882 Dr. Talmage entered

parents, James Talmage of RamsLehigh University, Bethlehem, bury, Wiltshire, England, and his Pennsylvania, as a special student wife, Mary Joyce of Hampshire, and passed, during his single year

England, were the first, or among of residence, nearly all the requirethe first, to join the Church in that ments of a four year course and inthat later graduated from father, James waspart of England. My there stitution. student While aJoyce Talmage, and my mother,

Susannah Preater (Talmage) beAn hour of reading enjoyed at home he was offered a position as labcame members of the Church beoratory assistant which carried a fore I was born. They were acactivities of a member rather than salary sufficient to meet his needs

tive and devoted members."an officer. Early in life I realized for the next year. This was a disability. his of tinct recognition He live to with I have mythat would said: he Continuing "Though

offer to this declined and went else self anybody with than more aI to born been with seem have at University Hopkins I Johns live that tried so I to have and early in yet adotestimony my specialhe where Baltimore, Md., in be when company good would led I questionlescence to was geology. ized in chemistry and alone."really that testimonywhether was

again and Here he won recognition to devote himconcluding After derived or from my parmy own enticing prospects were the most for laid plans to education he the self investigatingents. I set about

claims of the Church and pursued taking a college course and thus held out to him.

that investigation by prayer, fastbetter prepare himself. Many of He was called home to resume

ing and research with all the ardor his brethren to whom he looked his work in the Brigham Young of an investigator on the outside. for advice warned him against this, Academy and responded to the

While such a one investigates with feeling that it would jeopardize, call. Here he served as professor

a view of coming into the Church if not destroy, his faith to go away of geology and chemistry, with

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 525

James E. Talmage as he appeared Dr. Talmage in his private laboratory

in academic robes

varied activities in other departdon), Fellow of the Geological of the Church and it has meant a ments. While still of the faculty Society of America, Fellow of the very great deal. This was conhe was elected a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, Assospicuously the case while he preboard of trustees of the Brigham ciate of the Philosophical Society sided over the European Mission

Young Academy. During his of Great Britain, or Victoria In- (192428).

residence in Provo he served sucstitute, and Fellow of the Americessively as city councilman, alderAs a result the attitude of the man and justice of the peace. His newspapers throughout England

this entirely changed. In way wasservices were sought now eagerly

give to able has been Dr. Talmage opportunities openand were many

to him. a service which probably no other

man thus far has been able to give.

He was President of and Professor of chemistry in the LatterIf this article were devoted exday Saints College 188893; clusively to his educational and

President of and Professor of scientific achievements it could

Geology in the University of Utah scarcely catalogue them in the 189497. In the last named year space allotted.

he resigned the Presidency but rethis he has addition to all of the,tained chair of geology, and IN theologiextensively written onten later years he resigned (1907) this professorship to follow mincal and scientific subjects. Among

ing geology. his writings are: First Book of

Nature, Domestic Science, The In 1891 he received the degree Great Salt Lake—Present and Past,

of Bachelor of Science and in 1912 Tables for the Blowpipe Deterthe degree of Doctor of Science mination of Minerals, An Account from Lehigh University. In 1922 of the Origin of the Book of Morhe received the honorary degree of mon, The Articles of Faith, The

Doctor of Laws from the UniverGreat Apostasy, The House of the sity of Utah and from the BrigLord, The Story of Mormonism, ham Young University. He beMining Geology has held a prominent The Philosophical Basis of Morlongs to many learned societies and place in his vocational life monism, The Vitality of Morhas traveled extensively in scientific monism, Jesus the Christ, Sunday

pursuits. can Association for the AdvanceNight Talks by Radio.

ment of Science. To get a correct estimate of thepOR many years he has been a His connection with these socharacter of Dr. Talmage one must

Fellow of the Royal Microcieties has given him a standing know something of his domestic scopical Society (London), Fellow and a recognition among men of life. One discovers the same caof the Royal Scottish Geographigreat influence which could not be pacity for always doing the fitting

cal Society (Edinburgh), Fellow secured in any other way, and he and appropriate thing at home, as of the Geological Society (Lonhas used this for the advancement (Continued on page 567)

Nothing Ventured,

This old title suggests an old, old story—yet that story is

perennially new. Each new

generation lights its own fires.

the reflected small face Edith's as sister radiant more glow By of her she followed Carmen's every gesIrene Dunlap ture.test of"Ah,yourbut,ability.dear, Andit's aeveryreal

one says you are marvelous. You

haven't told me, tho, how Phil

Mcsser fits into the role of Aeneas."Nothing Gained

STRATTON sat before "Yes, I am, now that the presentation is so near.her pretty cIARMENFrench gray dressing table, lazily adding I want so badly to make good."Tears were perilmore color to her vivid scarlet lips. To her sister, ously near.

Edith, watching her hungrily from a low rocker by Eda petted her fondly and whispered, "You have the window, she was the prettiest thing in the world. never failed to make good yet. Of course you can

Saucy and impudent sometimes with all the arrodo it well."

gance of seventeen but delightfully vivid and reThen, at the sound of imperious ringing below, freshingly youthful when one's own life is disap- "There is the bell. Is it Dick?"

pointingly colorless. "Probably. He is coming for me. Answer it

There were points of similarity between them, like a dear, will you?"

Edith realized, as she let her gaze rest upon her sister in open adoration. Both of them had thick lustrous

smiled wistfully after her sister.black hair. But Carmen's had a natural wave and uHE

Edith's was painfully plain. There were the same Dear old Eda! She understood most things but she

velvety brown eyes. But Carmen's were melting, wouldn't understand this feeling between herself

flashing, scornful, pleading, and Edith's were only and Phil.

softly subdued. Altogether nature had created CarRehearsal went badly as dress rehearsals are apt to

men more lavishly. Had given her a snap and do. Miss Williams was visibly agitated.

verve and individuality that set her apart. "That is the trouble with trying to economize

play,"before the the day costumes your by getting With a hasty glance at the tiny enamel clock, Mills. "Philip's Superintendent she confided to

rose face hurriedly a glowing withCarmen and if is stand he can tight. I doubt miserably helmet

closet. frocksnatched crowded and shoes from a entire evening. found the Carmen it during And I

"Heavens, Eda, I'll have to rush. Here I have in tears after the first act over the fact that her

wasted ten minutes dreaming. And if I am late first 'costume came the wrong shade of blue and

to dress I'll catch it from Miss she doesn't think it is becoming. I suppose that was rehearsal—oh boy,

Williams."what was the matter. I don't know. Sometimes

She wriggled her tall, lithe suppleness into an ab- I don't pretend to understand the moods of these breviated garnethued dress. "I'm so excited I could High School youngsters."

burst. Think, tomorrow night is the show. You "Now, let's put all we have into Act III,"she

know, though, Eda, it's the hardest role I have ever commanded, directing her attention to the stage.had. Imagine me—seductive, languorous Dido. En- "Carmen, you aren't nearly as much of a siren toticing the handsome battleworn Aeneas to staying on night 'as you can be. Do you suppose Aeneas would

the shores of Carthage when he ought to be away linger very long in your city if you were as cool as founding a new empire. Sometimes, right in the you are tonight? Try to remember you are holding

middle of all my seductiveness, I want to howl, him against his own better judgment and the will 'Let's all go down to the Green Mill and make of the gods."

whoopee'.""I'll try, Miss Williams,"Carmen answered

meekly..tLDITH'S small face reflected the glow

sister as herof she followed Carmen's more radiant thought do, she so hard to wouldn't be IT dear, gesture. but,every it's a real "Ah, if or playing opposite test of rebelliously, Dick she were

your ability. And everyone says you are marvelous. one of the other boys. But to try to entice that

You haven't told me, though, how Phil Messer fits icicle of a Phil Messer. Of course, he was marvelous

into the role of Aeneas."while they were rehearsing. Acted to perfection the

Carmen's face clouded for an instant. Then she infatuated lover and probably no one else noticed

answered with a short nervous laugh, "Oh, he does it, but even while he was showering her with caresses the part beautifully. It's rather difficult for me, she could see the hate in his eyes. Of course, she

tho. You know the feeling between us."shouldn't let it affect her, but when he passed her

She drew on a 'fuzzy red tarn. "Of course, he in the wings at the end of the first act and said brutaldoesn't mind in the least playing opposite me ly, "If you are as rotten as this tomorrow night, you

I flatter myself will gum the whole show,"she just had to runI'm that far beneath his notice—and

that no one knows I mind playing lead to him."into the dressing room and squall. Nerves, she

Edith picked up her neglected needlework and supposed, and tension. Miss Williams thought it

crossed the room with her slight limp. "He probwas because the dress came the wrong shade.

ably doesn't dislike you at all, Honey. Don't see Well, if Phil was going to act so hateful, he would

how he could. Why, you are cold, dear. Cold and ruin her part. That was all. There was no sense

positively shaking. Are you nervous?"in his being so nasty. (Continued on page 572)

Top, left to right: Superintendent George Albert Smith and President Ruth May

Fox at the Washington Memorial Tree. Doris Dalby and Lila Kainz (above). William

Mulder and Elwin Garfield (below). Nellie Baker and Wm. Powell.

In circle, Noble Cain.

Reading down: Dance Contestants; Drama Cast, South Davis Stake; General Board

of the M. I. A.'s; Vanguard Archery Contest; General Board Members in Costume for

"Rally of Nations"(Left); Trail Marker Ceremony (right).

the broadcastings from

I.M. A. Annual Qnference

of the Conference: scribing the house and Elder tor of music for the Y. M. M. I. A.THEME "The Opportunity of the George Albert Smith, superintendThe guest conductor was Noble

director Cain, the Chicago of presided. I. A. of the Y. A M. M. Enrich Leisure, ent Hour—To Alexander Saltair Capella at Choir. Mr. outing Reception and Recreation."to Spiritualize

acted as Schreiner accompanist and than 1200 when more M. I. A.

Given in the opening meeting in event of soloist. in (This was not only the "Rally joined workers

the Assembly Hall the Nations"in a luncheon, each a (high spot of the conference and

Messages: Superintendent group headed by a member of the convention, but was also one of

George Albert Smith, "Honor the General Board in costume reprethe high spots in the cultural hisLord, keep His commandments, senting a particular nation. tory of the Church.)

serve the youth."Grand Finals Contest Dance, Joint Officers Instruction and

President Ruth May Fox: Saltair Pavilion, when 18 couples Testimony Meeting, Assembly

"Take it from me, as the young gathered representing the followHall, Sunday morning.

people say, hold fast to the simple ing stakes and missions: Utah, General Session, Great Taberfaith."Oquirrh, North Davis, Boxelder, nacle at 1 1 o'clock Sunday mornExecutive Secretary Oscar A. Grant, Nebo, Parowan, Sevier, ing under the direction of the PriKirkham: "We are grateful for the Benson, Pocatello, Fremont, Boise, mary Association in which 1,000

machine. It has raised the burLos Angeles, San Luis, Taylor, children sang, directed by Matilda

dens from a million backs, but it Carbon, San Francisco, North- W. Cahoon, with Edward P. Kimhas thrown out a challenge to us. western States Mission. ball, accompanist. (This was an

We must provide for the enrichGeorge Washington Bicenten- unusually fine session timed to the ment of leisure time, and in order nial Celebration, Tabernacle minute.)

for us to do that we must have Grounds, when and where a tree, Salt Lake Base and Meridian more than technique, more than a which is a descendant from a tree Marker Ceremony held at 4:15 at

mere bundle of tricks; we must planted by George Washington on the Southeast corner of the Temple

have spirituality!"the Potomac, was planted by memblock where a plaque describing the

unveiled, Lathilla marker was bers the by of General led Board by re- J. "I Grant: President Heber Pratt Kimball, of daughter Orson Superintendent George Albert arejoice in the advancement we Pratt, placed the meridbase President who Smith and Ruth May lines, different in above butmaking ian, a of where and son Brigham followed address an by Fox by Iall I rejoice of hear huwhen a of Erastus and son Snow, Young F. Hon. John and by Bowman to desire faith, a ofmility, of and respectively, closed opened and exercises massflag Scouts by Boy I I service. believe don'tgive prayer with President where and Girls. and Bee Hive the this at place in standwould trailIvins, A. pioneer and W. Festival, Salt Grand Music I this had not of hadhead Church blazer, spoke. ceremony was The night, Lake Tabernacle Saturday fifty service desirea give to when in of charge Albert George Smith, singers stakes 41 when 2,852 from I a years ago was madeodd mempresident of Trails Pioneer Utah led in were the contest songs and I If board.ber the can of mutual and Association. Landmarks in origYouth,"an Ode "An To spirit of the in heartsplant your the In in general session held inal composition, Elsie words by I glad."shallhumility, be the afterGreat Tabernacle Sunday Brandley, associate editor Talmage latter the part opening of The President noon, Ivins pro- A. W. the of Era, Improvement and mupres- tosession the over given was the conference nounced conand sic J. direcSpencer by Cornwall, act the the ofentation of winning to like vention oasis been have an

Granite Stake Road Show '.'The in a desert to him. President Heber

Improvement Era, the voice of the J. Grant declared that the entire

M. I. A.,"which was presented Erratum program had been an inspiration

by Sugar House Ward of the and that the singing of the chilIn article the "Orson Pratt, PioneerGranite Stake.

the in dren had been especially pleasing. published Utah Pioneers"of

the Official Souvenir Pamphlet of the A more complete report of the

High Points of the Annual Memorial Tablet, marking the Great conference will be given next it is Meridian, Base and Lake month. Conference Saltstated that the 21st on July Orson of

Pratt stood the "Northeast upon gUPERINTENDENTS'a n d corner of what is now (Temple Square. Grand Finals Held on Friday,

It should near be the "SoutheasV the in Presidents'Luncheon June Saturday, 10, and corner Square. Temple of at Bee Friday House, noon, Hive

is authorized statement The from 11, 1932 June in General where Board members said Pratt what in a himself Orson served the costumes of nations and discourse public 11, 1867, on August finals in grand drama, public THE xii, vol. (Journal of Discourses, pp. president the of Fox,Ruth May speaking, retold story and Van88-9). President L. I. A., andY. M. contests in ball guard archery and Van

Heber J. Grant spoke briefly de- (Continued on page 552)

THE anyonWtar By RUTH MAY FOX

On July 24, 1857, while President Brigham Young and a large percentage of the Saints were having a celebration in the canyon—now called Brighton—messengers brought word of

the approach of an army of the United States. The army did not enter the Valley of the

Great Salt Lake until June 26, 1858. The emotional tenseness of the situation is to be

found in these lines by Ruth May Fox, herself a pioneer.

years ago the story goes 'Tis ours to give this beaut'ous spot LONGExactly when no mortal knows, Still greater charm—forget you not,

Where sunbeams glint the Wasatch hills That mortals yet shall wander here

And send the snows in trickling rills Regardless of the fairies'tear;

Adown the cliffs to cupping dells, Aye, there shall come a gladsome band,

To dally with the purple bells, Led hither by a master hand,

The columbine and dainty flow'rs Who'll praise their God for this retreat,

Which nature strews in wildwood-bow 'rs, For breezes pure and odors sweet.

The fairies met on one fair eve Beyond these vales with mighty strife

For consultation. "By your lieve,"Shall thrill the desert into life; The leader said—"We've gathered here, Cheer! Fairies, cheer! for the great chief,

Beneath the moonbeams soft and clear,"Who'll set the vales with bloom and sheaf

And as she spoke she waved her wand, And sparkling rills."Up sprang the host,

Before, behind on every hand Ten thousand strong, with inward boast "Lords, princes, pages, fairies, elves; That each would raise the heartiest shout

First, to congratulate ourselves As whirled their kerchiefs roundabout,

On this proud realm within these peaks, Which soft and sheer as thistledown,

Whose tow'ring heights the cloudlet seeks By wand'ring zephyrs thither blown,

Where Nature lavish with her charms Changed, instantly, the spangled green,

Doth hold us in protecting arms, Into a swaying lily scene;

The while we fill our destiny And up the rugged cliffs there ran

And write our page of history. {Continued on page 552)

i nC/ |(car

By Maxa Million

i T was all so sudden, The spectacle was movingly familso unexpected—the sight of that iar. Every opening, like a lifted

scarred face in the avalanche of huhead-gate, let in a rushing stream manity, that for a moment old of humanity. Had he not been

Judge Halsom felt his knees grow shaken to his very core the scene weak and his breath form in short would have appealed to him with gasps. almost as much freshness as on

As quickly as the face appeared that other occasion when he had it vanished and the old man felt first visited this historic building.

himself being swept relentlessly on He closed his eyes to shut out the toward the Tabernacle. Five thouconfusion and the past came upon

sand people hemmed him in, bilhim in heartstirring glimpses.

lowed and surged about him. It was the pioneer urchin, Fred Old Judge Halsom

Their voices beat upon consciousMontague, who called to him over ness like the slap of waves on a stretch of sixty years.

jagged rock. "Joe, you ain't mad any more, over to see if I could sleep with

Once he caught a whisper near are you?"you cause President Brigham

him. "See,—that man in gray. Young is a goin'to stay there,"

Judge of Halsom waited for that piece He of news Pittsburg—one of the richest men in the country. J,OE, from his position to sink then in and continued,

Railroads is his middle name."on the top of a pole fence, turned "But that ain't half. There's a

"Oh,"understanding crept into from the stone bruise he had been hull band of Injun chiefs there, the other voice, "Used to be a regarding on the sole of his caltool- 'Mormon.'I've heard about him. loused foot and gave his companJoe edged a little closer to this

scorn. withering a look ofVisiting Salt some big gun in Lake ion harbinger tidings. of glad "Aw, Joe, "Honest, he'll no right you ain't think whatnow. Wonder believe go on, I don't you."

this. like actin'just throwedof our Pageant."You "It's the truth. can see You

as as I did rocks on old Pete's many the wick-i-up they've pitched in yard from the road over A-.T the east door a meporch,and andmadejustme tellbecausewho hewascaughtwith there."our back

stripling ticket his of usher an took for ain't to quit reason you no me "Well, what they doin'there?"friend, his Salt the Lakewhich hull for speakin'to two me Already Joe was moving toward forjudge, so procured kindly had weeks."the road.

seat. his escorted to andhim him the his back turned Joe on

He sat down heavily and passed speaker and began to whistle. "President Young and pa and

a fine linen handkerchief over his Through the corner of his eye he Apostle Rich brought 'em."

brow. He was still trembling from saw that Fred's freckled face was "Say, why can't you get in and

the shock. The sight of that face pitiful. tell a feller all about it. Want me

had unnerved him as nothing else There was silence for a moment to bust?"

had done for years. and then Fred squared his shoul- "Well, you know about old

He was aghast now at his first ders. Black Hawk, don't you?"

to tell you the biggest piece of enin'to kill the Saints up aroundface—aimpressionmadwhendesireheto hadvocalizeseen thethe "I've a darned good notion not "Course I do. He's been threatname, cry out across the turbulent news you've ever heaxd in all your Laketown."

sea of people, "Fred! Fred Monlife. Why, if you guessed steady "Somebody sent word to Presitague, stop! Wait For me! It's for a hundred years you couldn't dent Young so he and Dimick

Joe Halsom."But the old hatred guess what's happenin'over at our Huntington, the man who knows

and scorn had welled up just in house."how to talk Injun, came this morntime. The acid of bitterness etches 'Your ma's havin'a baby,"he ing, and took pa and the apostle

deeply in fifty years. said disdainfully. with 'em and they went up and

The old man looked about him. "Nothin'the sort. Pa sent me (Continued on page 5 69)

lossom By LAURA REID MONTGOMERY Illustrated by HARRIS WEBERG

smiled, reAnyway, Anne will be surprised hand had confirmed his hope that calling the LIANCEwords of YinYing: when she finds her pretty little face she was free.

"When the honorable one bestows laughing out from some of my pic- A clap of thunder aroused him the flower named the SpellBinder tures. Today she's a Japanese girl to two unpleasant facts: his boat

upon a woman then is love born playing a flute."was floating away on the jade

in the hearts of that both and glassy that the replaced now love On his easel was a picture of waves until to he remains goes the Yelsapphire the of the waters apand low Springs called death. There, proaching storm was upon him.

oh, gracious one, he dreams Pelting rain fell as he snatched up through the years until she joins his canvas and ran.halm. Nearing the smiling stone fox

He had met a girl in Kiangsu, the ground stirred beneath his feet.

China, when he was painting YinThe great fish is stirring, he is tired

Ying, the witchlike old woman of holding the universe,"reflected who lived by gathering and sellLance, who had lately read the ing the SpellBinder, a delicate Japanese myth of the accommodatcreeping plant whose leaves reing vassal of the sea.

semble the frail fronds of the Another tremor, however, dismaidenhair fern. The tiny flowers sipated his amusement and he wonof pink and blue and violet were dered if the temple would be his

lovely but it was the rare white tomb should an earthquake arrive.

ones that pleased him most. Now, Tiny glass wind bells tinkled

sitting thinking of that day in in the gale that roared about him

China he seemed to smell the madand he raced for the temple, not deninglysweet perfume that had forgetting to remove his low shoes come to him when the American two boys and a girl, each with before treading the sacred ground.

girl had crushed the white flowers curved Japanese flutes. Lance had As he kicked them off he heard the

prints done a study of made by clink in certain faithful of coin her one hand. as some something A

died in 1815 Kiyonaga who his to that inTorii prayer accompanied been born had them in by comstant as they listened to the graveand who was a genius in depicting mercial means and then a damp lyspoken prophecy as YinYing scenes from everyday life. Lance's ball of chewed paper struck his

watched them. The remembered handling of the beach below the outraged cheek.

perfume brought back the enShinto temple (a miya) was ex- "Disgusting, I call it. To think

chanted moment in China alcellent. The shadows cast by the of chewing a prayer,"he reflected.

though he was now in Japan. tall cryptomeria tree with its pine- "Ooh, ooh,"came a threadlike

like foliage softened the brilliant tone pitched on a note of apology.

turquoise tints of the girl's satin

LIE had been able to while the translucent enamels of do her a small service when the her lifted flute gathered and held Through the tourists were leaving the glass boat lovingly the rose of the sunset fallgloom minced a small figure in bare and he had been sure that she, too, ing between the branches. feet that gleamed below the wide

had felt the glamor of the romantic Above the sands at the right of trousers of jade and silver. Jewels

island. For, when a brisk, mascuthe entrance to the miya a sitting twinkled in her piledup hair and

line voice had hailed her and defox grinned in stone and above him laughing eyes peered up at him manded to know the reason for a huge dark bird hovered menacfrom dusky lashes. From her waist

her delay she had lingered. Again ingly with downbest talons. hung a samisen, a threestringed

the man called her and begged her "To Kwannon I make my instrument and just behind her to hurry, and she had opened her prayer,"drifted from the temple. brooded the great statue of theihand, smiled and then, staring myriadhanded Quannon—G o d-

straightly into his eyes, lifted the dess of Mercy. "Osura?"she

crushed sweet flowers to her lips L/ANCE seized h i s breathed.

.and vanished. brush. The words were soft to His resentment at being the

"Her name was Anne. Likely the point of indistinctness but they recipient of her paperprayer hurl-

I'll never see her again but I shall recalled him to his work and to ed with the usual feminine lack of never forget her eyes. If I were a Japan. No use longing for Anne. accuracy faded. He wished now

poet instead of an artist I'd rave He didn't even know her last name that he'd skimped his sketching of violets with the dew lingering. but his quick glance at her left long enough to memorize a phrase

Is there such a thing as a "Love Blossom"with powers which bindprobably—hearts? Lance would

but then the story is short.

See what he says.

beneath her paint. She

hesitated whereupon he feebly insisted and with an odd air of recklessness she poured from the second flask which was attached by the symbolical butterflies and drank. of Japanese. Even in the A Japanese entered

dimness he admired her and frowned, pointand felt the beauty of her ing to the table from facial color scheme and which she had he longed to put her on snatched the twin flasks.

canvas. Her painted eye- "Tell him I'll pay for the

brows were etched admirwine,"cried Lance, hoping she ably and her round cheeks might comprehend, "he isn't your were twin roses. Memories husband, is he?"He had enjoyed

.. When he opened his eyes she the soft clasp of her tiny left handstirred again—a certain fragrance

The wind toppled over a small was holding a cup to his lips. The as she supported his head but now

statue and Lance, while longing to sake revived him somewhat and he he disliked the look in the round pose as a hero, fell at the girl's feet, motioned to her to drink from black eyes slanting down at him badly bruised. the second flask for she was pallid (Continued on page 551")

g GETTING THE MOST OUT OF in amp By ELVA MOSS WESSEL Go camping in imagination before you go camping to the canyon. A trip like this may make your outing more valuable.

do you enjoy goingWHYto camp?"I asked a small

boy of nine years. "Because we have a lot o'fun,"he replied.

Fun and adventure seem to be the main reasons for more than a million boys and girls going to camp each summer.

To make camp life profitable for this group there is need for an effective organization, with competent leadership, under whose direction systematic planning of programs will bring new adventure, colorful romance and happy recreation to the boys and girls from the first day in camp to the last goodbye.

The program should develop spontaneity and freedom among the campers, should be broad and inclusive enough to satisfy individual interests. Usually the camp

environment is sufficiently rich and stimulating to enlist the interest of every normal boy and girl.

VKTHILE many directors glory in displaying the elaborateness of the camp plant and buildings, it is to be remembered that camps are not built around things. They

are built about personalities.

Equipment is essential only as it makes possible a larger and better program. To the camper it is the

program that makes the camp, and he interprets activities in terms of Above: Adirondack Sleeping Shelter

fun and adventure. Camp activBelow: Leanto With Reflector Fire

ities however are not an end in themselves. Their real importance

oris to provide opportunity for a- First, the regular routine—the tion, morning sing, handcraft

chievement, to develop selfex- first call to arise in the morning, hiking, free time for letter writing pression, selfreliance, resourcefulthe optional dip, shower, or just a and reading, then the noon meal.

ness, and to stimulate creative refreshing splash of cold water on For one hour or more the camp ability. face and hands, into airy camp settles down for rest period. The

An interesting program to meet togs and ready for the day's fun. afternoon activities consist of nathe above needs may be classed in Flag raising is followed by breakture lore, games, swimming or ridthree divisions. fast, camp improvement, inspecing. Supper with its songs and

The Improvement Era for May, 1932 535

Corduroy Steps Caveman Golf Equipment

surprises followed by the evening's tension; soon a number of campAn outdoor cooking oven will

fun is the time when campers eners will lend a hand and be proud add flavor to the food and less difjoy comradeship. of the accomplishment when the ficulty in the craft of outdoor

job is finished. Often the campcookery. Boys will especially be

COME regular program must be ers desire some improvement about interested in building an adironcarried on every day, but occathe camp and welcome the oppordack sleeping shelter, a leanto or sionally the morning, afternoon, tunity to build a project which Indian tepee in the woods. A place

or else the entire day is used to adwill bring utility and beautify the a short distance from camp may be vantage without scheduled activcamp as well. Perhaps you will chosen to make a shady retreat or

ities when the campers have profind joy in the following projects reading nook. A rustic seat or

jects which interest them. This and your camp be greatly benebench will add to its usefulness.

second division is often referred to fited by the results. Construct a A camper who is handy with tools

as the "Do as you wish"or "Free rustic gateway suspending a sign may build shelves for exhibits or

Time"period. This too, is very to greet the newcomers. Make wil- a table and benches under the trees

important, since it provides time low baskets in which to plant ferns where visiting parents and friends for personal interests. A small or other native plants and hang can eat their lunch. Trails about

number of campers may request them in the recreation or dining camp can always be improved by tours to points of interest; such hall. Make seats of stone or logs making corduroy steps, cutting out

as the new nature trail, Jenny around the camp fire circle a safe over hanging branches, removing wren's nest, the home of the wooddistance back from the fire or build stones, bridging wet spots, filling chuck, the spring; along the way the circle where tree stumps serve in depressions and marking trail

specimens are gathered for the naas seats. A well built fire pit will intersections.

ture exhibit. Perhaps a small keep the ashes from scattering over In one camp -a group made a

group is interested in an early the circle. Arrow shaped signs of cedar bark wigwam, at the same

morning bird identification trip. wood with the letters burned with time another group built a rustic

Get up early and creep out so as a sun glass or pyrography needle roof to furnish shade for the rifle not to awaken the other campers. give a rustic touch to the nature range and still another group colKeep your eyes and ears open. Take trail and aid the new camper in lected tin cans and converted them

a pencil, a note book, and if posgetting acquainted with his surinto kettles and camp dishes for the sible field glasses along. Now you roundings. Cut and build paths next overnight hike.

are all ready for one of the most through the woods or blaze new These projects grow out of fascinating adventures in the hiking trails leading to an interestcamp needs or life situations in woods. Move slowly and quietly ing lookout. the camp group. This outgrowth

along the path, when you see a of interests should be encouraged bird "Stop."With the aid of field A CAVE man golf course using and funds kept available for deglasses observe -its colorings on improvised equipment adds veloping them.

breast, head, wings, and tail. How new life to the camp. Lay out

large is it? Compare its size with the general course preferably along HERE'S also the third diviother birds more familiar to you. winding trails, include natural hazsion, the seasonal "High Spot,"

In case there is some doubt as to ards, trees, a stream or stump. unusual happening or special feaits identity make some notes and Then bury number ten tin cans in ture which has its place and makes

refer to your bird guide later. Listhe ground at the distance apart decamp life more interesting and adten to the chorus of music in the sirable for the nine hole course. venturous. One camp makes this

tree tops, try to distinguish the Use croquet balls in place of the report: "We have tried this plan

different birds by their song. This regular ones and stout tree branchfor several years with the most

group will be delighted with the es of considerable size as golf sticks, satisfactory results. Every week

many discoveries which can be a natural curve or knot at the end of the summer has a name 'Covered made in the early morning hours. makes a splendid putter. The Wagon Week''Indian Week,''PaThe resourceful leader can stimputting space is cleared a bit and triots Week,''Fiesta Week,* 'Cirulate creative expression by visualthe boundary marked off with cus Week,''Fortyniners Week,'

izing the camp needs and beginstout saplings placed on the 'Pioneer Week,'and so on. Each

ning a project without much preground. (Continued on page 571)

A Prayer For This Camp By JOHN T. CAINE, I

"Pa Caine".UR Father:

We thank Thee for all the wonders of Thy creations—for this rugged

canyon with its mountains, rocks and hills, its cliffs and precipices, its soil teeming with all the riches of plant life; for trees and shrubs, vines and

flowers, for dainty moss and rugged pines, for trembling aspen, graceful birch and gorgeous maple; for sparkling streams and busy waterfalls, for

invigorating air and warming sun; for solitude and seclusion, and above

all for the suggestion of Thy great design manifest in the many beauties everywhere present; and for the spirit pf awe which the immensity of

rocks and ravines inspires within us.

We pray, that Thou wilt bless this Camp that in every way it may fulfil its purpose, a place of quiet, rest and recreation for tired bodies or wounded spirits. May the feelings inspired by these scenes be a rebuke to all unworthy thoughts or acts; and may purity, fieauty, and joy inspire all to

better 'lives, to a nobler estimate of our fellowmen, and to a broader understanding of iThy great purpose and a profounder respect for Thee—

our Father and our God. Amen.

Note: This is the girls'camp in Logan Canyon, but the prayer might Well have been said for all our camps.

By E. W. TAYLOR

Jerry was a big grizzly bear whose habitat was West Yellowstone and whose middle name was mischief

Stringham liked bears in generaland Jerry in particular—and

that was the root of his trouble.

Drawing by Harris Weberg

HERE are just knowing when they are unwelcomplained of broken arms and two real ways to make a fool of come; and an even more acute sense nipped fingers. But that could

yourself: try something about of knowing when it is time to hardly be blamed onto Jerry, but

which you know nothing, and be clear out after committing a nuirather to the carelessness of vaintoo softhearted—an abnormal sance that brooks no forgiveness. glorious campers who took paraesthetic. I was both softhearted At least old Jerry did. He must ticular delight in being photoand lacking in experience—a bad have been in touch with a private graphed with a real live bear eatcombination when it comes to detective agency. And as to his ing delicacies from the tips of

trapping grizzly bears alive which nuisances—there was no question brave fingers. But some of Jerry's

was not what I was ordered to do there. He wasn't what you might performances were upon a larger

at all. I just to. call dangerous, although one or order. did—or tried

Bears have an uncanny sense of two tourists at the auto camps One of Jerry's worst habits was 538 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

ripping off doors of cabins and with both ears full of cotton.""Yuh soft hearted old woman.

taking up what you might call "Yore just the feller I'm lookin'I'll get some one else tuh kill the light housekeeping within, espefor. How busy are yuh? Could varmint."Jess was plainly indigcially if there happened to be anyyuh do a little job fer me?"nant and somewhat amazed that

thing edible stored upon the "Depends,"I warned him. any one capable of! killing the

shelves. "I'm not bootlegging or sheepvarmint should refuse, especially

stealing. What's your proposiwhen he needed the money.

tion?"I urged. on, now,""Come seaSucceeding thet bars of "There's one them back will grizzly run on old "The little parsons were a more owners I the loose Park. got want from little Give while. in a to the Park theirticular nailing in houses up all gits 'fore he get tuh him yuh break."a him little it cabins. good. didand But sheep."my he'll be time in the mean "And I intoJerry might developed what right raised suspicion was My I Stringham, me. breakin'No;call crime. in expert an bear. that about quick killed quick. that get He bar gotta it,"to hate commented "I do is it? old be Can't bear "What I this week. sheep off ten about sorrowfully, Supervisor "Butthe it really it? be Could he myself, but get tried him tuh the Jerry—can give to we'llI guess have him old Jerry?"that fer me. And smart too was propdestroyed enough He'sgun. his admitname,""Don't know you. I is What tuh come why a ruin last to dozenerty winter fair sized Jess. a ted "There's say?"yuh doparks."I recan today. of dudes crowd

But then Jerry disappeared, almember when they used tuh make An idea sailed into my head most as if he had been warned. the trip by wagons."just like that by way of some InAnd I am sure that no one had tip- "I'll bet it's old Jerry,"I redians who were putting on va dance

ped him off. No Al Capone could marked. "No; can't do it. I in front of the curio store. The

have been better protected. wouldn't kill old Jerry for all the Indians reminded me of a fellow

tricks did that a pet bear he'll back,"laughed had come who "Oh, in the world."money

store. his to Bor/ier attracted people counthe and timer old froman that crazy? "Are yuh Why,

atcalled to pet to bear the be Jerry oldtry. my "Trust And is at bar tuh doing more damage my live to used a fellow just as soon tention garbage whothe dumps all in the storms sheep than snow

as the tourists start to flow. He the world. Yore a great hand fer down there on Chalk Creek, Utah,

knows to a day when the hotel gettin'next tuh bars and such. that made a business out of trapalive bears them and sending up."opens thet I a would ping There ain't man

lackelement only to zoos. The But varmint that see get Jerry didn't come. rather darn

Such notoriety as Jerry couldn't than yuh, Stringham."ing to my idea was the necessary

hide from public eye forever. That "Yes; you old cave man; I have knowledge as to how bears were

is where I enter the story. I spend been taking pictures of wild anitrapped alive.

most of my time around West Yelmals and things. I have done a "I guess that you win,"I said

to Galliton north lowstone and dudes and whatwrangling ever I littlethe Park.trapping.But darnI usedit all,toI couldn'twork in surrendering"But I am goingto tohistakearguments.that bear

can find that is profitable. The kill Jerry. He's just like a good alive."

dude season was rather poor and I friend. It would be like some one "Go to it, old timer,"beamed

difficulties in makingwas having relieved. But I asking me to kill you for some Jess, somehow

to last me throughenough (Continued on the money."page 568)

winter, which is what most of us old timers hereabouts try to do.

Jerry was out of the Park, rather a tactical error you might say. But was it? He must have

known that he was a nomad from now on. And the Park is not big

enough to hide out in for long. I

guess that to an unwanted grizzly bear who had to get along in the world it was the outside or bust.

1 was down to the train to meet a fellow from California who came up to get some fishing and wild and woolly life for a couple of weeks when I met up with old Jess Turner, cow man and sheepdriver.

"Yore just the feller I'm lookin'for,"he roared in one of those old fashioned voices that can be heard a mile or so.

"Pull in yore train whistle,"I advised him. "I can hear you easy

ifyck Garden (Contest

Making a Rock Garden this summer? Then you'll find

some helpful hints in these prizewinning essays on "How I

Made My Rock Garden."These were sent in in answer to

the announcement made in the February number of the Improvement Era. Our judges decided to give in addition to

the prizes which have gone forward to the winners honorable mention to the following people for their fine articles which space will not permit us to print: L. M. Winon, Logan; G. C.

Crittenden Ogden; and Mrs. Nellie B. Smidt, Salt Lake City.

How We Built a Rock Garden and What We Planted

First Prize ()UR rock garden obsouth and east to between three and four feet on the scures the east end of west and north,—against the chicken run and our a chickenrun and occupies boundary fence, respectively,—filling in with top-

a space about ten feet wide soil as we did so. This gave us the advocated "sunny

and eight feet deep. side sloping to the southeast."

We removed the top We tilted the outside rocks slightly downward and soil to a depth of over two inward to allow moisture to drain into the soil. Each

feet and put it aside for rock was buried onethird of its length. We arfilling in around the rocks. ranged them to appear as much like a natural outWe removed another cropping as possible.

eighteen inches to make We let it settle for a week, soaking it thoroughly room for our drainage several times and adding more soil when necessary.

base. Near the south end Along the west and north we planted scarlet runner

we dug a hole four feet beans. Until the rock plants grew large enough to

deep and two feet across be effective, we used fillers of annuals: sweet alyssum,

which we walled up with phlox, pansies, California poppies, etc.

broken bricks and covered Our perennials are: rock cress, thrift, bougainvillea,

with a piece of heavy wire English daisy, harebell, golden moss, ribbon grass,

Randall Barker, Eagle mesh. Over all we placed forgetme-not, dwarf clovepinks, Rocky Mountain

Scout, who did the hard a twelve inch layer of rubColumbine, Japanese bellflowers, hardy primroses, labor. ble, cobblestones, broken wallflower, summer snow, baby's breath, coral bells,

bits of cement and tiling, rockspirea, ice plant, dew plant, wandering Jew, and over that four inches of cinders. native ferns and lichen, wild pansies, buttercups, ivy,

With long, angular rocks of varicolored pebbled old man, lady's slipper, violets and several others.

conglomerate which the boys brought from the footMrs. A. M. Barker,

hills we built up a slope from ground level on the 3245 Kiesel Ave., Ogden, Utah.

How I Made My Rock Garden Second Prize AHE most pleasure I have ever had in out of door RichardsoniiT]life was that of making a rock garden and bringand Fremontei.

ing into cultivation the flowers of the mountains. I Penstemonsbuilt it along the driveway west of my home on a Leonardi brerivery irregular line from three feet wide at the lower folius, evening

end to about nine feet at the upper. The height primrose, onavaries from one to three and onehalf feet. I built gra hookeii, lait of soft rocks of many sizes and colors of crystallite vauxia p r i m i-

formations, fossils and cavities. Between these I put veris, cangusterich soil and leaf mold from under oak brush and folium, scarlet

added more rock, leaving spaces of numerous shapes gilia, aggregata, and sizes. Jacob's ladder,

Mine was to be a wild flower rock garden, so from occidentale, delmountains and canyons on cloudy, rainy days I gathphinium scapoered many varieties, among them were Geraniumssum, yarrow, dogbane, Solomon's seal, violets, Sun540 The Improvement Era for May, 1932

flowers, and asters. I studied the sway in the breeze my garden is a Orin Biddulph, and our M. I. A.

habitat of each and placed it in its spot of beauty. Friends who Summer Home at Mutual Dell for

new home as near to that of its laughed at my garden when I was creating within me a desire to mountain home as possible. I building it are now contributing know and appreciate our lovely

made a collection of about sixty with many new rocks, flowers, and mountain flowers that I now have varieties and will add many more. shells which they have gathered at my door from which I receive

From early spring, when dogfrom far and near. daily inspiration and joy.

tooth violets awaken, until late I appreciate my association with Mrs. Ora Holman Chipman.

autumn when goldenrod and asters Dr. J. H. Paul, Roy Passey, Prof. American Fork, Utah.

My Rock Garden Third Prize A/IHAT will emphasize By far the most fascinthe lovely, dainty ating part of the rock adforms and delicate coloring dition is the lily pond.

of your flowers more than Constructed of rock, held a background of interesttogether with cement, it is ing stone? two feet deep, irregular in

My garden has had shape, with little pockets twice the charm since I of soil here and there that gave to it stability by hold water hyacinths, backing it with a wall water poppies, cat tails, delicately hung with the Japanese arrow head, umpurple blossoms and red brella plant and various and green berries of the kinds of aquarium moss.

Chinese matrimony vine, Most lovely of all is the myrtle, and ivy. The water lily that is planted

lower terraces are filled in a tub and sunk in the with snowy white rock Lily Pond center of the pond. When

cress, basket of gold, flax supplied with a few gold with its varied shades of purple, The I placed them firmly in an fish and snails you will find in a ribbon grass and tiny iris. Old irregular line. When this tiny pond as much interest as in your

English wall flowers and hardy terrace was filled with soil I placed choicest flowers.

asters seem proud to have so firm the next row of stones and conWhat could be more beautiful a backing. tinued in this manner until my wall than this dainty mirror, broken

I was fortunate in having an was some three feet high. In the only by flowerpetal ships.

abrupt rise in my grounds. I first terraces I arranged my flowers, John E. Lach,

cleared the soil back to where I planting those which require the 676 Downington Ave.,

wanted my first row of stones. most water on the lower levels. Salt Lake City, Utah.

How I Made My Rock Garden Honorable Mention We print this article on account the rock garden must fit into the riverbeds, gathering plants, rocks, of its spirit even though it does not entire home grounds picture and moss, and dwarf shrubs. No

tell how to build a garden. likewise be a natural part of the afternoon drive was quite success-

\XTITH a great deal of enthuvicinity into which it was to deful unless I managed by persuasiasm, and, incidentally, very velop. sion, or strategy to bring home a

little experience, I set out in high The rocks, I brought from new rock for the garden. I felt,

in fact, that each day I must "getspirits in a new venture, the buildnearby lava beds,—rather beautiing of a rock garden. ful specimens, I thought. Trans- a little boulder."

I began by studying seed cataporting them was indeed an unFrankly, I shall admit that all logs and landscape magazines most dertaking! I well remember with my activities in rock gardening

religiously. My garden was first what apparent disgust I was greetwere "trial and error"methods,

planned on paper, every detail. I ed upon my arrival home one parbut my garden proved to be a truly

preferred erasing to transplanting. ticular afternoon with a truck load enjoyable, as well as fairly success-

I wrote for all the "free advice"of rocks. ful, venture. Indeed, I discovered

obtainable and talked to all the I found difficulty in determinthat it isn't achievements in garprofessional gardeners who would ing the correct setting for my rock dening that bring satisfaction, it is grant me audience. I visited many garden, consequently the rocks and the glorious anticipation! My

gardens, interesting, and otherwise. piles of dirt were moved many garden was a retreat; I reveled in

its lovely secrets; here I foundMy rock garden, however, was to times, My rocks, it seemed, simply

be merely an interesting "nook"refused to inherit the dignity and leisure to ponder some of the in the outdoor living room; my austerity of their ancestors! At mysteries of growth. I found joy

chief aim in planting lawns, flowthe base of a large tree which overcomplete in having created a thing ers, and shrubs being to give to hung a natural elevation, my rock so rife in its own personality!

the home the appropriate setting. garden finally began to grow. I Vernesea M. Nagle,

I realized that the background of foraged the hills, mountains, and Parker, Idaho.

TheStar Spanglednbanner By BERTHA L. STEVENSON

'Oh, say, does that starspangled banner yet wave

O'er the land of the free, and the home of the brave?"

March 4, 1931, i":-:: -''.,;.'": Fleet to take Fort McHenry,

"The Star Spangled and quarter the BritishON Banner,"by an act troops in the city of Baltifor the winter. Mr. more ofthe became Congress,of

solicited to seek to was the Key official anthem national released, and his friend have Marylanders States.United so. After consented to do recognition inin Congress,

of the song's having been obtaining permission from written in Baltimore Harthe Government, orders issued to immediately the legiswere soughtbor, had a carte! vessel used as get the years. forlation

There were those in Conin communications with the bay, fleet in the to make the high claimedgress who vessel ready. was The and too high, notes were

those who said the low "The Minden."

notes were too low, and still "Mr. John S. Skinner,,

others who said that for who was agent for the Govmost American voices it was ernment for flags of truce "unsingable."Two soand exchange of prisoners,

pranos and a band were and who was well known brought before a committee as such to the officers of the to show that the anthem fleet, was directed to accomcould be sung. Old attendpany Mr. Key."

ants at the Capitol said the They met the fleet at the hearing was unique and unmouth of the Potomac, preusual. Following this demparing for the expedition

onstration, the house and against Baltimore. They

senate approved it as the nawere courteously received, tional anthem, and the presand Dr. Beanes was released.

at the But Mr. was Key signature. his affixedident ball into Above: thrown Fort McHenry, Cannon neither that time informed literature as all Even the British the during night of by 12, 1814. of Sept.

an historical nature is made Below: Church in Baltimore marking the he, nor anyone else would

more interesting if the incibirthplace of Francis Scott Key. be permitted to leave the

dents connected with the fleet for some days, and writing are known; so, much of a fine harbor, and about twenty must be detained until the attack

our early American poetry is made minutes ride by electric car from on Baltimore, which was then a- more clear and inspiring to us if the city of Baltimore, stands hisbout to be made, was over.

we know the story settings which toric old Fort McHenry. It was They were transferred from the

are back of it. from this fort that the flag was Admiral's ship to the "Surprise,"

flying when Francis Scott Key was commanded by Admiral Cockremained uninspired to write his memorable rane's son, and there withindividual has as anJUST the til preparations lines. were made for or spot a love of some in him

place or circumstance that marks Key was a native of Georgelanding of troops to attack by for him a vital time of his life, and town, which practically means land. Mr. Key and Mr. Skinner

just as the heart turns fondly to Washington. A lawyer by prowere then sent on board their own

that place or circumstance, so we, fession, he was born in Baltimore, vessel with a guard of sailors and as a nation, have a love and revbut had later moved to Georgemarines to prevent their landing, erence for those places and occatown. A church now stands on and were anchored in a position to

'sions that have marked an epoch the spot where he was born, and see the flag of Fort McHenry.

in the history of our beloved a tablet commemorates the event.

country. CEPTEMBER 12, 1814, the fort

There are many places of interJN September, 1814, America was attacked, and Mr. Key and

est to the student of American hiswas at war with England. Dr. Mr. Skinner witnessed the bomtory, and not least among them Beanes, a friend of Mr. Key's, had bardment from their vessel, watchthat one where our great patriotic been made prisoner, and was a- ing, all through the night, every

song, "The Star Spangled Banboard a vessel of the British fleet, shell until it fell, listening with ner,"was written. On the banks then in Chesapeake Bay. It was the breathless interest to see if an exof Chesapeake Bay, where it forms intention of the Commander of the plosion followed.

542 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

Suddenly the bombardment Key intended it to be sung by the bought it from a granddaughter of ceased, and they did not know tune we know, or whether someMr. Key. Mr. Key wrote it out

whether the fort had surrendered, one else saw that the rhythm was several times for friends, and those or the attack had been abandoned. the same and associated it with the copies are still preserved.

"They paced the deck, for the resimusic. However, as a copy of the

due of the night, in painful sus- "Baltimore Patriot"shows, it TV/TANY people have thought to pense, watching with intense anxstated the tune at the head of the improve the song, and changes iety for the return of day, and poem., have been made, but these changes

looking every few minutes at their The air is one which is supposed have not been considered good, watches to see how long they must to have been very popular at that and so have not stood. They take

wait for it. As soon as it had time. It is one adopted by a club away the writer's spirit and change

dawned, and before it was light in England, and written by John the thought, and we wish it to reenough to see objects at a distance, Stafford Smith, a musician of that main as it was written. It has been

their glasses were turned on the day. It is supposed to have been altered by different people in diffort, uncertain whether they written for a voice of very wide ferent ways, but these alterations

should see the Stars and Stripes or range, and was the official song of actually change the meaning in the flag of the enemy. At length the club. At any rate, the tune some instances. For example

the light came, and they saw 'That was familiar to everyone, and with "Half conceals, half discloses,"our flag was still there.'its peculiar rhythm it exactly fits changed to "Now conceals, now

Under the excitement of the Mr. Key's words, and it is possible discloses,"and we have taken away

time, Francis Key had sketched a that he intended it to be used with that fine image of the flag floating song. It was commenced on the them. in the breeze at dawn.

deck of the vessel as he saw the The air is "Anacreon in One Briton has added this fine "Anacreon"is a poem stanza:enemy ship retreating—some brief Heaven."

lines or notes on the back of a letin praise of love and wine, or love "But hushed be the strain they our foes ter which he happened to have in and joy, after the meter of the are no longer, friendship the right Britain of hand To TransplantAnacreon. poet he Greek as used hehis pocket. These

extends, call soil, this air, once ed American song, to the on withproceeded, Isle fair behold with Albion's we And the events to mind. For other popular as an English drinking affection,

lines he relied entirely upon his song, has thrived with the "Star The land of our Fathers—the land of

Friends. our it finished Banner,"Spangled and the other on hismemory. He long Long, may we flourish Columbia forgotten. has been it song wrote boat, and theway home in Britain and

out as it now stands, at the hotel Most authorities agree that Mr. In amity still may your children be

the night he reached Baltimore. Ferdinand Durang, an actorsol- found,

The next morning Mr. Key dier, was the first to sing it, and And theCrossStartogetherSpangled Banner and Red

took his poem to Judge Nickolson that it was sung in front of the Wave free and triumphant the wide (a brotherin-law), knowing him Holiday Street Theatre in Baltiworld around."

to be a man of cultivated and more.

musical tastes, and asked his opinnpHE STAR SPANGLED BANslow to grow NER"has been soldiers had of judge was so much ion of it. The

differ as Opinions the in popularity. immediately of front it that he pleased with A COMPANYcongregated in

sent it to a printer, and directed theatre, and the tavern next door to its merits. Some look upon the

copies to be struck off in handbill to it, when Captain Edes came lines as inspired; some regard it as

form. It was immediately received along, and calling the group to purely a military or flag song.

favorably by the public. order told them to listen to a paSome criticise the tune; but it will

triotic song which had just been remain with the American people.

the the It read during press. popular became off the struck He first the of publication songHPHE the suggested Civil during again and War, someone and words, Patriot,""Baltimore the in was callthe during Spain, but with it was war sung. be Durang that reUntil 1814. 20, September

it to old came more mean an for, on World War mounting and ed been it to believed have cently was its chair, ever before. the past In than rushbottomed fashioned

first American,""Baltimore in the public, to the been first had American in meaning time for the sang not did It 1814. 21, September

it for right alone; stands today and the chorus this song, in Union, our title Star of under appear "The all justice nations. toward crowd. the echoed by being headbut was Banner,"Spangled

ed "Defence of Fort McHenry,"The song began to be known as Years ago Army and Navy with a short account of the cirthe "Star Spangled Banner,"and regulations designated the "Star cumstances under which it was we find it advertised as such JanuSpangled Banner"as the official written, and then the poem. It ary 6, 1815, probably the first muanthem, and officers and men stand

was not until some time later that sic sheets printed. at attention while it is being renit called by which was by the title is dered. of Baltimore, A Mr. Walters,

it Before known. is now original, but Today millions bow the head to have the very supposed

long it had been copied by papers as the poem was drafted several as they rise to the strains of the as far south as Atlanta, and in all times, first on the letter and then "Star Spangled Banner,"and milthe larger northern cities. again when Mr. Key was on the lions of hearts send up a prayer to

There are differences of opinion boat, the one in possession of Mr. the Maker for the protection of

as to when it was first sung, and Walters must be the first clean cooy those who are striving to see "that by whom, also as to whether Mr. of the original manuscript. He our flag is still there."

Illustrated By F. K. Smith Navajo

and Pioneer

Oft tends

By Joseph B. Harris

Many lasting friendships between white men and Indians were formed during Utah's pioneer period. In this story the

reader may catch a glimpse of a most beautiful one.

FEW years ago a group of citizens of two neighboring states were observing the formalities of anAintroduction when I noticed an ordinary Navajo Indian approaching.

Presently a man—Kumen Jones—left

the crowd and walked out a few yards until the two met. Like long lost brothers they threw their arms around each

other and tears streamed down their cheeks as they hugged each other.

That little picture, which I am not adequately able to describe, made a lasting impression upon me. The one, a

544 The Improvement Era for July, 1932 man grown venerable with the exyiSUALIZE if you will the years of age came into camp. The

perience of many years of the finest weary miles of sand and cactus cook gave each of the children a slice of a flapjack piece of with occaliving antype of but nothing pioneer, and service—scout,

it. their ate each bacon They on to prey a bird of bishop,rancher, or coyote sional patriarch—whose

still bacon, the held and bread but lofty idealism behind and, dignity the andsimple monotony, break talking about noticed us they when as a among men; every him manmark hill, the possibility of—hoseld- the the bacon, eating their not selfre- tall, lithe, manly, tile Indians.the other

specting, with a kindly smile and a 'The second night out, "Mr. est one held the meat up and gave

penetrating eye, evidently highly Jones continues, "I received my a grunt like a pig.

respected among his own people. first lesson in the Navajo language. "We wondered if they had

tradition that from brought down a near Navajo camped "We his the in of clad garblJE was (the forefathers their Hebrews) litafter three supper and hogan, distintribe, other had and continent."another from tle girls, to nine four ranging from also. characteristics Outguishing guide learned our we "From

desert solitude the of in thethere differof the to speak names how lives run these hadwhere two It the items toent camp. was about

for the something new Western Echoes apparentlythat the girls to have little Navajogethersalutation—thatin the days of embrace—oftheir youth,

these grayhaired veterans of two By John Sherman Walker honor of being teachers to the different races marked an epoch in THE WEST PRIMEVAL white strangers. They were re-

I wit- I felt that had formy life, leave luctant to our camp. eerie as cruel deaths move whisper N A apart, somethingnessed something parents after the the came "When desert, ** In the

to I stumbled that onsacred; had crawls scorpion situation, As children the noted and

a ground. rattler of holy groove kind monster Gila and As it, spirit the into entered they of

dirt dry the Through sight a at curiosity Filled with too. this insignificant inof Out calls; far wolf A I strange, asked so seemedwhich I received lesson a has lash cident that flash the sweeping and thundering A

for an explanation from Kumen Of the late rains been of service to me in my exgrama-grassJones. On all periences of Indians. kinds with

and a dull horn of hooves rumble The glistening and lips With eyes of to the kind be Take notice and clash Jo- "Brotherquivering he replied: children will parents generally plains and the great O'er

never When bison pass. fall into line.seph—red or white—God

made a finer man than that. That The scurry and pat of muffled feet

the Out forest—is Nattancyyazzy."until journey pursued our \X7"E of stream, rush The

elfin as speckled trout ripple sight Then from Kumen Jones I had An of the came in San we the following story: Leaps the foam crest Juan River, about ten miles disgold 'Neath moonbeam; other with two "In company it I tant, decided that was when falling cone of echo hollow The guide, interpreter we andscouts, an should return distance the tree of one the pine Near

isleft two about which Moencopy, creak of limb fifty The to miles hundred Moencopy ismiles tone Tuba south of an Indian of what now croon mellow The start the the and company with carefree Coming 1879. 10,City, Arizona, May trail. the wagons on rirn lake's blue From civilization behind weLeaving I fifty full a mile "That day made

took a northeasterly trail across the CONQUEST ride through the Indian country.

Navajo Reservation, heading for 7 HE straining grumble of ponderous As I rode along I recalled what our * River. mainthe wheels Our San Juan venerable Indian Missionary and lowly Sinking at left were of scoutscompany friend, Haskel, told our Thales H. In virgin loamMoencopy."folks at in ring Staccato of a steel axeblade Iron County home some

slowly Winning counthe years previously, best that the betQEOGRAPHICALLY pioneer's home; The Indians when land traveling among was try was low table of rider and horse labored cut Tense, sweep

through with deep, rugged canRacing westward to place your confidence in their yons. It was wild and remote, and O'er gruelling trails friendship, and camp with them.

determined from distant points So civilization far as was concerned Bearingso eastward the To of some desolate and empty. it was mails precious All I decidedIndians—entireto camp at thestrangershome

May of 1879, nearly fiftyfour Persistent rasp of the pick and spade to me, and possibly unfriendly.

the hard I On shales—to their drew up President camp "When ago, Brighamyears when

soil stone ribbed Through I at the tied so not colwas a home to plant man aiming wasYoung guttural men of brawny hum Raw horses rehis a awaited as and up River the Juan my San onony rails long Placing protection to the outlying settleIn ceaseless toil, turn. His wife said he would be

mumble is soon; that of monster craft home she made signs southeastern ofments

rolling Utah MajesticStately to get to this over me. hostile theagainst Navajo Indians, pride In hissing

was a long while ago. Frontierward amid a sobbing moan "She went out and killed a big,

Many white men had lost their And a tolling fat lamb. She was careful to have

prairies wide; 'Cross utensils her clean cooking very and neighborlives immediate in the

cheer trapper, bronzed lumHoarse from her she washed with hands as much of Indian antagonism becausehood berjack and hostility. To travel under And the miner circumspection as any cook would

any circumstances was a risk, but A plainsman's prayer; do, and I acknowledge here to an

millwheel's Terse trick, buzz and the soaring ungrateful I have for which years, alone for a lad of twenty zoom It ashamed. was ever since been the inch of to every a strangerand liner Of winged

country would make it doubly Cleaving the air. just a finnkky, senseless notion

hazardous. (Continued on page 551)

The Peace Pipe and the of Book Mormon By Pearl Spencer

&ia$&&

in the of process corded the first Third Book legend by which is no Indian NeTPHETHERE the mulremember You record long how has and beautiful sigphi. nor more interesting

sat titude at before gathered Him, into the legend condensed become of in nificant view of Book feet, listened, His of partook and peace exof pipe surely the follows of the that history thanMormon bread of wine in and memory actly Him process the of dramatization use pipe. the peaceorigin of The

of the peace pipe is a custom comand coloring which can be traced in every legend whose origin we tribe, every to almost andmon is accurate Surprisingly its know.

is the legend recalled inorigin which is always told visitors to Here is a bit of speculation the cloud which covered the Great pipestone quarriesthe famous at which may or may not be inSpirit'sthan thathead;the whatring ofmorefire naturalshouldPipestone, Minnesota, and whichis recalled so vividly in "Hiateresting—according to the become the phenomenon of the

especialrock; apostles, the molten goes, there, story thewatha."For the readers mind. bent of ly the three to taste were not who in Spirit anthe descended Great to generally are prone death, of spirits the guardian who called InPeople thecient there days, and

dian nations together. set too much store by evidence still guard the quarries and inspire;

precithe standing There, on which seems to support a thethroughbreadtheseandthousandwater years,changedto allpice the of red awed rock, with and silent tribes before him, he favored belief. However the pipe, never more to the Indians

a sacred than ceremonial of peace totalked them. long Then

love. brotherly he speculation is an interesting and off piece a of rock,broke from

which he made a huge pipe. This and not very dangerous pasSurely, He whom the world has

he smoked over them, telling them time so long as one recognizes known as the Prince of Peace, left histhat message the deeply impressed pipe upon it as speculation:—Ed. this flesh continent,as his even he and though stonetheirs—thatwas red, itevenbelonged to them all and that it spent but a few days upon it. And

should be to them a symbol of when we think of the wars which

and; His commandments. "And against club have the fought each other and war whoother—thatHim and of peace with one anhave torn the Christian nations, shall do."always observe to yescalping knife in His be this'writHis plainly with name should more no

of said, "in remembrance He My this ten in one ground. a swordused upon holy and hand Word

... shall have ye always and body in other, the that these Lawe feel last... the of his pipe, whiffV\/"ITH Spirit and with to be you my manites, a records for without

his head disappeared into a blessed are you if ye have no disthousand years, have not illy cryscloud, and the whole surface of the putations among you,"and so on tallized His message in the beautifor several glazed; milesrock aweinspiring those words, was through

beovens opened were a cloud. until theretwo great came.. and fulnor even,old recordso far ofas theirthe peaceknowledgepipe,

neath (guardian and were two while they women overshadowed He has gone, been far behind us in the spirits place) entered of the into heaven."them ascended

cerand are there yet to answer the inAnd the next day, the record observance of its spirit. And

vocations of the medicine men who tells, as the disciples were baptiztainly they have carried down to still come to this sacred place to ing, "they were encircled about as us in sacred legend, one of our consult them. if it were by fire... and angels most striking, convincing corroboNow recall the story of Christ's did come down out of heaven and rations of their early, sacred hisappearance to the Nephites as redid minister unto them."tory, The Book of Mormon.

THE MAGIC HIGHWAY TO THE (Silent tty (s)

I. ASMUS By EDNA

Illustrations by the Author

you remember when itself it is a remarkable example of

Alice, in the wonderland superb road building under theDO of her fascinating advenmost difficult conditions.

tures, exclaimed earnestly to the To take the train as we did

Tigerlily waving gracefully on seems on the whole the ideal arthe wind: "O Tigerlily, I wish rangement. For from the moment

you could talk!"And the Tigeryou leave the home town, you are

lily replied: "We can talk when traveling under escort, and all arthere's anybody worth talking to."rangements for the complete tour

alof of the talking are worth Parks-—a you Well—if resall 500 in most find "tongues to, that is if you miles—includingmotor trip

trees, books in the running brooks ervations, meals, tickets, baggage, and sermons in stones,"there is a etc., are handled expertly by the

1 i 1 1 1 e-k n o w n wonderland of tour's escort. All you need attend

unique adventure awaiting you to is your own pleasure!

where stupendous canyons and Arrived at Cedar City by train, vast chasms will tell you an ageyou are assigned a seat in one of less story of unimaginable beauty. the comfortable, smoothriding

Older than time, this wondergiant motor buses and introduced land of which I speak is America's to your "gearjammer"(Chaufnewest vacationland. It lies in the feur) with whom you ride

southwestern corner of Utah, exthroughout the entire tour unless tends down into the northwestern you choose, as we did, to tarry part of Arizona and includes the longer at one or more of the Parks.

three national parks of Zion, The Roman Soldier of Red Canyon And let me add right here that for

Grand and Bryce Canyons, Cedar guarding the road to the Silent City, expert driving on roads that deBreaks and the Kaibab National Utah. mand the utmost skill and mental

Forest. alertness, for refinement, intellinatives. And on the edge of the gence and charm, I have never met

P)UE to the peculiar Cyclopean plains and in many a secluded canthe equal of the "gearjammers"in descent of this land from high yon are the ruins of primitive the Southern Utah Parks!

plateaus of 11,000 feet elevation dwellings overhung with mystery; The accommodations throughout

to 3,000 feet at the Virgin River, while in the ageless Silent City the Parks are excellent. Zion Lodge

and the gentle ascent to the colositself, there are roads still to be is 65 miles from Cedar City, the sal arch of the Kaibab Plateau at built, trails still to be broken. nearest railway station. Bryce

nine thousand (9,000) feet, this Here, from June first to OctoCanyon Lodge is more than 86 farflung frontier region with its ber first, is to be seen a vast mystemiles, and Grand Canyon Lodge

Titanic terraces, palisaded plateaus, rious land of purple sage and emat the north rim of the Grand Canflaming canyons and richly sculppurpled distances, of fantastic rocks yon is 185 miles from Cedar City.

tured amphitheatres cut from colvivid with color, of sunmagic and Yet in this virgin wilderness the orful rock layers, affords a scenic the wizardry of wind and water. food and lodging are what you'd

spectacle unsurpassed. Now there are two ways of have a right to expect only at

Furthermore, this littleknown reaching Cedar City, Utah, the home!

land is just emerging from the pioGateway to this vacationland. One Another outstanding feature at

neer stage. It is not long since the is by train, via the Union Pacific: the Lodges is the lectures given

Mormon forts along the road you the other is by motor. Once havnightly by government naturalists,

travel repelled Indian attacks. It ing reached Cedar City, however, and scientists. Your understanding

is not far to the fastnesses where there is only one way to the Parks, and appreciation of this country is cougars come forth to prey on the and that is over the magic highaugmented greatly by these talks deer. The memory of "Butch"way by motor. on its geologic and natural history.

Cassidy, notorious bandit, robber,

I call it the "magic tOR variety of scenery and thehorse and cattle thief, who made WHY do his last stand against the law behighway?"Because it not cumulative effect of its magnihind the ramparts of Red Canyon, only leads you to a world of ficence, I know of no other region

is still fresh in the minds of the unique grandeur, but because in of similar extent equal to this parThe Improvement Era for July, 1932 547

The Great White Bryce Canyon, Utah. The Watching Gods

Throne from the Temple of Sinawava.

ticular section of the southwest. Canyon is a still greater adventure. and so surpassingly beautiful."It

From the moment you leave verAfter leaving the floor of Zion presents a wildness so cosmic and millionhued Cedar City for Zion Canyon, the new Mt. Carmel primeval that the human "mind

on the first lap of the 500mile Highway, one of the most specstaggers under the impact!

tour, you are attracted by the evertacular engineering feats ever unTo stay there forever! That's

changing and increasingly awein- dertaken, loops and zigzags up what you'll want to do. But you

spiring landscape. Pine Canyon until it reaches the won't, for you have heard that

Red wastes... vast stretches of first great cliff of Zion, 1,200 feet there is something even more expurple sage... pineclad slopes high. There it enters a tunnel ceptional awaiting you. So you'll

... black undulating stretches of more than a mile long, within and ride back through the fragrant

lichened lava flows overgrown paralleling the face of the preciKaibab... through the Vermilion

with prickly pears, pincushion pice. Six great windows are cut Cliffs... across dunes of pink sand

cacti, yucca and torchweed... subfrom the tunnel walls, disclosing down to the canyon of Parunutropical regions lush with green vistas of tremendous majesty. weap... along the Sevier River

and growing things... picturesque Out again in -the sunshine... into Red Canyon with its rich red

communities shaded by whispernew aspects of the temples of turrets and towers... out upon

ing poplars... blue distances Zion... the almost ethereal beauty the level surfaces of a plateau to

evolving into an endless array of of the Vermilion Cliffs stretching Bryce Canyon Lodge.

marching mountains, tawny, red, across the distances... the Pris- A walk of about 200 yards

rose and gray... and finally, that matic Plains, alive with dusty from the Lodge will take you to

tremendous tinted temple of stone, dancers gyrating among the brush the rim of Bryce Canyon. And

rising. the Virgin, the of the arch of blue immense Temple feet beWest 1,000 from

Plateau Kaibab.. up, of Zion! Gates and...before up you at the the City, Silent a there—risinglow, stands the As for Zion itself—I can only world of rainbow color... up and most astonishing blend of exsuggest the spectacle that awaits up, a world of illimitable cool, quisite beauty and grotesque

walls In the Kaibab Forest, the largest forces of erosion. It resemblesyou.tion—deepFor itandis notnarrowonly withits formagreen shade. grandeur ever produced by the

its forest color pine yellow in the feet high, world, but4,000 for playground many things—a the largeeyed deer you see red at peering and of richmany shades its best the fairies. But perhaps

white of alabaster streaming from you from a covert of trees, sudden likeness is to the city of Babylon its dizzy heights to its floor of flashes of white as whitetailed or Persepolis still standing in silent vivid green interlaced with the silsquirrels scurry deeper into the forglory. The prevailing colors of

ver of the stream, that makes it so est at the sound of the motor, and this iridescent basin crowded with magnificent a sight. And deep in sylvan meadows, greenswarded "frozen life"are pink, coral, red,

the canyon, Zion Lodge sprawls treeless open spaces bordered by orange, yellow, white and purple against a warm east wall like a silverboled quivering aspens. with hundreds of subtle intermedigreat sleepy cat. And almost without warning ate hues and tints.

you reach Grand Canyon Lodge, Without taxing the imaginaXTOT too many days can be cunningly built on the very brink tion, you can see all sorts of buildspent here, swimming in the of the north rim of the Grand cathedrals, towers, ings—castles,outdoor pool, climbing Lady Canyon, 6,000 feet above the bridges; all sorts of people—gisoldiers,Mountain, riding along the rim on mighty Colorado River. ants, gnomes, priests,

horseback and exploring the Temqueens and common folk. Evenple of Sinawava and the Narrows THE Grand Canyon! "The Dithe animal kingdom is well repreparticularly remarkable for its vine Abyss."John Burroughs sented!

vegetation which varies from the railed it. adding: "It seems as

subtropical to that of north temmuch of heaven as of earth... it nPHE Silent City (Bryce Canperate climes. is more like a vision, so foreign is yon ) is perhaps the most gorge

The trip from Zion to Grand it to all other terrestrial spectacles, (Continued on page 551) "/ made a beeline for Trinity Church, which towers above the farfamed Avon."

cy? J\ainy Ua]

,, in Shakespeare'slown

the trip out from London made to repose by the By ILULLED a to I shared Stratford town. flowsweetly the music of

train the on compartment Stratfordon- ing river, boy. should a hungry with He the summer George F. Paul crowded throughAvon dozes appetite paid his or checked have

the of consciousdays, apparently it. for extra fare for worked He it an todistinction that has come

threequarters of consuman hour Shakespeare the of namethrough a entered lunch, ing his which brave wouldn't Who indifferent as to whether quiteand like the aperture yawning Mamor not. additional fameit wins rain the to spend a Cave. day moth

is Shakespeare of it theFor name sufficient. Here he first saw the on the spot made forever The train dumped me out in

rain, lively sprinkled me which herelight of grew to manhe day; memorable by William a

lively a as I executed minuet from to forth here he wenthood; from

win renown; to this quiet spot Shakespeare? Mr. Paul one souvenir stand to the other.

all, of no umbrella I had Worst gained returned he hadhe when talks lightly y yet sympain Strathere of and I was capital with me, the busiest indistinction the world. thetically of his visit. ford town with half a dozen

It was on a rainy morning that moves to make on the sightseeing

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 549

map and with the rain, the wet armed, he was ready at a moment's timbered ceilings, remove the plasrain, trickling its friendly English notice to engrave his name and ter by the square foot, take down way down my American back. go staring down the ages with the bricks of the fireplace one by

Then, too, the mud puddles C. Fickens, W. Scott, G. G. Byron one, remove the door from its

grew very friendly, and insisted and other notables. Usually the hinges, rip up the flooring, and

on throwing muddy souvenirs upvisitor tries to place his autograph thus in the twinkling of several on me. In such a dribbling state in some convenient spot where, eyes this great autograph album

did I reach Shakespeare's birthin case of fire, it could be rescued would be preserved intact.

place that I halted several seconds at the first alarm. As soon as the

on the very threshold to wring out fire broke out, all that the firemen A S a matter of fact, several hunthe water from my dripping self. would have to do to preserve these dred autographs were destroy-

I also waited several additional autographs would be to take out ed in 1820 when Mary Hornby, seconds because the door would the window sashes, saw out the who then occupied the house, was not open at the sound of the ordered to leave it. She had

clapper, but needs must be no desire whatsoever to go;

attended to by a blowsy but when she found that it

Briton. The door creaked, would be absolutely necesthe Briton bowed, and in I sary for her to do so, she dewalked. cided to leave in characteristic

fashion. She took away all

""O sooner had I entered the furniture and relics said than at the suggestion to be connected with the of the custodian I seated myShakespeare family; and then

self in the ingle nook, no in a great haste she whitedoubt where the great poet washed the walls of the cothimself sat many a time three tage, obliterating hundreds hundred years ago and gazed of autographs. Only part of

at fantastic pictures among the room in which Shakethe crackling logs. I must speare was born escaped this

confess, however, that I felt act of resentment.

no poetic sensations. No On ascending the back

sweet music lulled my senses; stairs I passed out into the

no weird figures stirred my trim little garden behind the fancies; yet if a cup of steamhouse where useful and preting chocolate had been handty things grow. Withal it

ed me in that ingle nook, is a fine garden, for here can what a feeling of contentbe gathered all of the flowers ment would surely have that Ophelia names. There's

crept over me! rosemary, that's for rememOther pilgrims were waitbrance; and there is pansies,

ing to sit in the same spot that's for thoughts; there's

that had now held Shakefennel for you, and columspeare and myself; so I arose bines; there's rue for you;

and mounted the stairs to there's a daisy; I would give

look upon the room wherein Shakespeare's Monument you some violets, but they it is a "Withal for here fine garden, -Jawthe born, bard was can be,, withered all when my father all names. the gathered flowers that Ophelia inthorne, h e died.""T

House of the Seven All in all, this

Gables,"speaks of a home of Shakeroom that had wit- N speare's is a typical births placenessed both o 1 d English >H l1%|1 iiiiirntfiil a jZJJmQnn&att \ -fShli!!at deaths. if it Such wereand where,

is this, for steady theroom not for ''- -- its visitorswithin of walls 4%SI stream Wl 1 '.:..- Jf-

''.,.,,;''.$,Shakespeare's brothlands, ',V*,''j;\ from **":,';,;',i?;! many H MjM'

sisters glideers were and would life ifia it hereborn, the and to quietly >.".?/> that father his kettlewas the of -.- -,-i.;,lll.—T.'-jii'tiiw:.. 1 humalong i fev* g&gjgjk \ V"'*,""* * imi '-.-'""A?- -J '*4 t*m:*!;'**"'- '"- ":*?,,'4 --""*%.. /

and mother died. lln HliB and the ticking of

In former days ** the clock.

no visitors'book m&g$$$$ffi. illy il The Red Horse

so provided, oldenwas Inn! > Here in "> i>i—IBlfflSBlB.

".rfij to a princewhoever wanted times many

4 n *S* "#. t>'. l?*''"<:'-. * H 1.- ";.... %*\ -*,'ML'.rr 'uJRtf hisleave name had Warwickshire o f

to come equipped was lodged. Here

with a diamond, a the great Garrick ten-: 4 Z or a openercan sheltered when was

nail. to Stratpenny Thus came -.'': '- * jM he

550 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

ford to direct the Shakespeare ju- "Here lyeth ye body of John Hall, bilee. Finally Washington Irving gent. He marr. Susanne ye daughter 8

Shakespeare. coheir of Will Hee decessed Solution of Cross Wordcame and sat in a straightbacked aged 60."25 Nover Ao 1635,chair and shivered in a very shivery Puzzle which appeared

room and nearly wore all the in the June Issue off stirringnickel plate a poker inare grave Shakespeare's C\N |S 7 3 4 2 coals the himself to 1 keep E 3 I warm.up 6 T C n 1 J lines have that scribed four % -V MB|

!.'his A turn that R not did 3 A RHowever, g A preserving effective in been more A k* 9J|13 |H his against U Shakespeare g I and Ahead S H of gunpowder a keg his bones than tv19 Hi17 d* 16

U E. S K L this a I tl M H A village, Vnative of for A wrote he |B|9| the fear of been. have could The 'ga 20

V S n N A B A T. A so thatspot thousands S charmingly Hi of evil eye, the of and hoodoo 2tM 23

11 E s i T. R X H to the pilgrimage Ahave out made A 9<HI 111BH H ever been has bones men's dead 29 27 Hk

's A T [ N t * s A U his strong simplyWarwickshire on -Hi HI 11I so over, the and world powerful

N M A s I B Arecommendation. H9 lie undishere poet's remains "A sl s37 Eft 33 34 BH'A 'N A R A A B 1 Hi jH< that in protection the to 38 n theturbed—safe MP A G A m 6 5 E leaving the V Horse n Red 9j[ A FTER 9 hHI impart: simple words 42 DB I E twentyeight d B R L C I rain the darted Inn, through HI49 47 4b 46 forbeare friend sake R Jesus T i for C A D "Good D i s Vfll R Z I stationer's a whereto shop

5.1 52 50 heare; encloased the dust digg To I B H Z H T D C B Stratof Si the wholebought town EJ;H 55 54 53 stones Ry, thes spares that ye Blese be man -r

T R i K A t s for English andford an penny 1 SrE bones."cusst yt be he moves sa my And

l; E S S K D p it posthaste toshipped America. EBr 1

I opstood fared forth andThen seems Note: No. reading 3 down this, halas a spot such Surelyposite House. the famous Harvard to mistake. be a

his of associations the lowed by is that structure a old quaintThis fitting is a early more manhood, the spot attached so tohas grown if his had place body than burial it it left three for overthat hasn't functionary important most The to AbWestminster conveyed been years. the Here bornhundred was at a vigilant the church was woman large it in a would There bey. founder of Harvard,mother John score years eye her three of with on ceasethe of partaken have measure of University.of Harvard One dirt alert specks stray of for the it, but less about turmoil round features ofthe conspicuous most tarried a for that have momight the this secluded church in here

is thethe house number immense the with pews. on ment What tranquil. is peaceful and repose

its tinyof with which windows eternal patent cloth her dust and gently here glides from along Life is beface peppered. must There defiance at she tooth hurls the mop, placid day, and to smooth day if therefully of them; and 499 if I feel fact, that of In Time. its course. drifting as the on Avon is the matter, about any doubt too nibbling Father began Time floodeventide of glow golden The atI shall even another add my this tooth, his one hard with lofty the in windows ing through

it call expense 500. andown soap rub factotum wrinkled would as is and, softened and mellowed

Next I made a beeline for Trinisuds into his mouth until he it were, hushed within these old ty Church, which towers above would be tickled to escape. It is familiar walls.

the farfamed Avon. Just then very nice, however, to have this

it was that summer'sthe spattering raindrops were ringlittle old lady cleaning and dusting And so ing its glossy surface with a thouin the church, for there are so day, for after the darkening rain sand circles. The church is apmany dead people here that you clouds were swept aside, a thouproached by a long walk overhung cannot feel interest in anything sand panes burst forth into living

with towering lime trees. Through modern whatever.. Among these light, fit emblem of that immorthese the fattest of the raindrops is Dr. John Hall, whose story is tality that encircles the name of

came rattling down on me. told in these words: Shakespeare.

-*\<tfoHi&iOl*-

Of the Very Best Material Submitted by Ben. R. Eldredge

/OPY of explanations accompanyinch arm if you have it; if not, let it size wagons and where you usually

ing the draft of a wagon sent to be 2 inches in diameter at the shoulder. put 2 inch arms put 2%. inch. Mr.

Mr. Peter Shu tier of Chicago (1859): Every Felley bolted on. Eldredge will dictate in regard to these

the coupling poles matters."tongs Let and

timber. best very Diameter of Hind Wheel—4 ft., be of the "Mr. Kesler will probably visit your4 in.

the the hounds, of shape As to is a good Mr. Eldredge. shop with He

taste the Diameter of Fore Wheel—-3 ft., consult note your and own to like I should of timber, and judge 7 in.

let respect other every In drawing. in timto the suited regard have him Diameter of Hub—10 inches. the wagons be the same as the last you ber."Depth of Felley—2y2 inches. made me. (Signed) Brigham Young.

Length of hind hounds from axleEvery portion of the wagons to be tree to extreme point—4 Track—5 feet. ft., 2 in. bestof theseasoned.very best timber and the very wasMr.instructedHorace toEldredgebuy forattheonechurchtime

letter to Mr. Shutler. 2,000 oxen and 400 wagons, accordPipe Boxes—neatly turned out. Extracts from

Medium size wagon with 1 7/8 "We shall want some of the other ing to his son, Ben. R. Eldredge.

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 551

from page 533$ The Love Blossom - Continued as the man fumbled in his sleeve. tied on his clogs at the entrance rent of it for a day is outrageous

She shook her head and pointed and ran down the steep path. and if it gets wet... make it

to her teeth and brows. "Have I injured you by drinksnappy."

Lance remembered then that a ing the bridal sake with you? You

bride goes to the altar with shaven see, there's a girl called Anne and shouted the ITH Wi her."findbrows and blackened teeth. I must fragrance again the of

air of the temple or the words came The flowers the Lance and China from have smile the Goddess must of cleared Japanese 1HE the of beads touched one and wax for not his wits tangled Lance was fiercely. you'vehis throat "But it his nose. to put secrets telling his of in habit the her wedding from withdrunk flushed. "Yes. nodded and She so and reddened declared, accent hisflasks,"he thecasually—he are just living in now, They wax sake. the temple blamed good.astonishingly what?""Now I just to keep wanted lacquered her picked I—well, She up soft her of made beauty The in Yinmemory them fastened and sandals them and couldn't he whirl head butLance's of—old.".. she whisin Kiangsu Ying frankly. then dim looked up A face of lotuswhite thebanish pered. that outside lantern showed him his The memory. fromAnne

scent of the Spellbinder blossoms her eyes were not black but deeply "Remember her prophecy?

her heart and that 'Love is born in string of blue then he saw a and chain the temple to fill andseemed '"love remains—the samiout above beads swing girl he'd of the memoryhim to the

never find. sen. "In his heart,"she corrected,

"Hurry, the lake is getting dan- "Anne, for Pete's sake step on blushing for his arms were about gerous and you have to play toit. Do you want to have to buy her gorgeous sash now.

night, you know."The Japanese that fool outfit from Osuki? The "In our hearts,"he amended.

Xfi%*>0 "> Navajo and Pioneer Friends Continuedpage from544 against eating after an Indian's by following the tracks of the anisilver, a fancy rug, etc., made by

cooking. I made her understand mals until I found them in the his wife or others of their people.

that I had eaten a short time bemost perfect pasture I had seen. I The seventyfive miles which sepfore. (I suppose that is what returned quietly to my bed much arated our homes was no great barwould be called an innocent, white relieved. At daybreak my ponies rier to our meeting except when

lie, but never again.) Then the were brought and tied to the tree the weather was very bad.

man came and had my ponies taken from which they were taken the away, and asked by signs when I night before. They were fresh COMETIMES I wonder if this

wanted them brought back. I told and ready for another fifty miles. spirit of exchanging gifts will

him, also by signs, that I wished not carry over into that permanent to get off early the next morning. "\XHEN our caravan returned to home along with the gospel and all

"Even though the reception was his vicinity, we met my Inother beautiful things that are apparently friendly, I still had dian host and further headway in "praiseworthy and of good reserious doubts as I saw my horses our friendship was made. For port,"as a sort of physical mego out of sight over the ridge. I years our meetings continued until dium to cement spiritual friendwondered if I should ever see them our friendship ripened into a saships. What, on this earth, is

again. When the family were cred love, which was nurtured by more to be desired than friends

sound asleep and everything was an honored Indian custom of exwhose hearts are pure and true, and quiet, I decided to try to find the changing gifts. Sometimes on his who do not waver through good

horses and make sure they had not part it consisted of a choice leg of or evil report? As such an one I

been stolen, so I crept silently out mutton, sometimes a leg of young regard that old descendant of Leof bed and stealthily made my way venison, again some handiwork of hi—Nattancyyazzy."

-ocx*- -<* $The Magic Highway to the Silent City Continuedpage from547 ous spectacle in the world. So tarry But when you must leave the brevity little more than a sign post

is not at the crossroads. But if it guides there as long as possible. Follow Silent City—and what joy

is no more feliyour restless spirit over the magic its many trails (some of which are evanescent?—there

still to be completed) on foot and citous way than over the climbing, highway to the Silent City it will horseback around the rim and dipping highway by way of Cedar have served its purpose well.

down into the canyon. But never Breaks which in vastness and wild Then, later, in the afterglow of

wander alone off the beaten trail grandeur is the greatest of Utah's memory you will recall, as I do down in the canyon, as I did, and painted amphitheatres. now, the words of Whittier:

a light that hath no name, "Touched by lost in discover yourself the most birdseyeview a of This cursory sung, never A glory that labyrinth bewildering of thousands ever country about which wall, mountain Aloft and on sky baffled human ingenuity! words could be written, is in its Are God's great pictures hung."

552 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

Continued from page 529Broadcastings from the M. L A. Annual Conferencewere held on the afternoon of June In M Men public speaking, Elwin Liberty Stake, second. Consolation

11, 1932, as a part of the June conGarfield of Tremonton, Bear River awards went to Kaysville Ward, North ference of the M. I. A., the dancing Stake, was given first place. In GleanDavis Stake, first and Bear River Stake

contest having taken place the day beer public speaking, Doris Dalby of second.

fore at Saltair. Intense interest was Salt Lake Stake won. Judges for In Archery, Elliott Airmet of Enevident throughout, and the events both events were Dr. Adam S. Bensign Ward, Ensign Stake, took first

proved to be a delightful culmination nion, Judge Oscar McConkie, and Mrs. place. In the contest for Vanguard

of the season's work. T. Earl Pardoe. leaders, Gilbert Moss of Liberty Stake,

contest dancing, in In the NorthStake, won. Ensign Ensign Ward, Retold were: Story winners The

first place, States western Mission took first in the placed conArchery team Salt William Mulder, Stake Lake Nellie of Powell Baker and William test. the Phillip shoot, clout In Lila Kainz, (Vanguard), Hollyand

their reprePortland, being Oregon, of Bountiful Second Ward, Thompson Girl) (Junior Judges Stake wood sentatives. were Judges Miranda Matfirst. Stake, placed In Davis South Merrill, Harrison R. were. Margaret

son, Fred Jackson and Nell Anderson. Caldwell and Mrs. Claire Stewart the flight contest, Wilson White, of

The drama contest was held at the Boyer. Cottonwood Ward, Cottonwood

Playhouse, winners being Bountiful Stake, was first place winner. The

First Ward, South Davis Stake. Judges In the Vanball contest, Ephraim shooting of the first arrow in the

were Leora Thatcher, Wallace Goates North Ward of North Sanpete Stake, contest by President Ivins, lent a note and Mrs. Grace Nixon Stewart. placed first, with Emigration Ward, of intense interest.

*>——1Cgs*X>1- -<

The Echo Canyon War Continuedpage from530

Such waves of sound as fairies can Back to our homes we must away; To Israel's God whose gracious Beam

Alone send forth. Then through the dale, An army from United States Had guided them o'er brake and stream, Back came the echo—"Hail, all hail!"Is on the way, our fair estates When through a wild, mountainous land

Waved now the queen her magic wand To confiscate, and drive us hence. They came an exiled, pilgrim band

And lily field became a band This, Dear Friends, our recompense, And, whom they knew would guard them

Of list'ning sprites on blades of grass For teaching love for all mankind, now.

"My gentle Friends, we must not pass And leaving homes and wealth behind Though armies might their homes o'erThe purpose of our gathering here: For those who, ruthless, drove us forth throw.

Behold, the streamlets cool and clear, Caring for neither cold nor dearth, purest great lone, heights deserts of the plod wild and snow from ToHow at Winfield; Fort army camped The trickle vales called below; to their beast savage and down They Which own false reports zealed hatred and With sakes, fell last sleep, hold for their in our mustThese own we Where many their sickened toilsome with And way lakes. glist'ning into their blasts vigils wint'ry turn keep. them Where And ripe eager the and for fray; Were conscience sake and came For we God fain steel measure meet They and would dells seven agreed, liberty. great 'twas and In HisSo name And

feel With horde and make Mormon them spells fairy free. shall be dint of and work You By

their weight of superior arms. The flakes feath'ry falling and dewWith

jested they the of Meanwhile charms lakes, blue, limped shimmering, Became beds, in care to His your kind pretty wiles "Now Of mountain pines maid—her the quakingasps In and which trust displace despair."peace Let and cheer their for miles them weary Would lines the mirrored roughhewn with Are

trail, the canyon's winding wellstored Adown of food wholesome homes And cloud; rosehued crag peak and andOf fertile hills sloping vale O'er and forecasting easy prey Were good stars and so calm and While moon their each way, tongue soldiers S. the made of They subWhere U. A. proud, dued, flag hoist their Should gay. supreme and place lofty their dwellingView from gratitude heart in upraised Each grace. majestic, mystic Their own

Swift messengers from side to side

Years flew apace and beaut'ous glen Traversed the canyon horse astride

Became a fav'rite haunt of men, The Governor of Deseret

And thitherward went Brigham Young Was notified and duly met

Of whom the fairies once had sung An army captain cool and shrewd,

Went with his people to rejoice In most respectful attitude

And give their grateful feelings voice, Before the chief who on him threw

For flocks and herds and valleys fair, A glance at once so firm and true, gallant Captain disarmed was * threatened fear For rest and peace—O Saints beware! TheOf * * or was he

Their tents were pitched, the feast was charmed spread, With dignity of speech and poise

The Stars and Stripes waved overhead; Of him whom perfidy had noised

The July sun sent down its ray Was in rebellion 'gainst the States?

And merriment tripped through the day, However, history relates

While cupid's bow was slyly bent The soldier came to purchase stores,

And many a glance of love was sent Commissioned by superiors, "Twixt noble youth and blushing maid, Who weighty documents had sent

As hand in hand they walked the glade. Charging a deed of great moment.

By some mistake the Nation's Chief

A word, a thrill, and Brigham Young Executive, whose wisdom brief

To his keen eye the glasses flung, Allowed him to absorb the tale,

And lo, four men dashed o'er the plain With which the army doth regale

On flying steeds. With might and main Itself betimes, and men and staff

They urged them through the canyon wild Are quite content to chew the chaff

To tell the news. Serene and mild How certain records had been burned

Their leader stood, then spoke the word And "Mr. Young, you must have

Which every heart with anguish stirred. learned;

"Break camp,"he said, "with morning's Your Governor is on the way, ray, i/Plspt 6 MEDLEY Must be installed without delay.

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 553

Our soldiers too must enter here—Our own dear homes; then he may hire, The bloodless war was at an end,

"Come they in peace? The tale's not Good Sir, the tardy elements For lo, there came a stalwart friend,

clear; To feed his horses, fill his tents A mediator 'twixt the two,

Why send an army to install With wholesome food and choice supplies, The suffering army and the few

A governor? Within the law I'm?ovOn barren valleys feast his eyes;"Brave citizens of Deseret

ernor of Deseret Then from his lips so firm there ran The situation must be met;

Am sworn to honor and protect "We're all united to a man."The President had pardon sent

My people 'thout regard to creed, To men who never yet had bent

There's something back, there is no need The Indian Summer with its glow The bands of justice or of right,

Of armed troops or adder's tongue Of gorgeous sun and brilliant show Their only crime to stand in might

To do the right."Said Brigham Young: Of scarlet bands and tufts of gold, For righteousness and liberty,

"We've been maligned; some rascals low Had paled before the stormking bold. That 'neath the flag men might be free.

Have plotted for our overthrow; Who robed the earth with snow and ice

bleak riven canyon wild and andThe vice, as the a streams held with assenting to And ExGovernor Young till is Shall hold back you word it beast, for hard and given, Making 'thout overtures; ado man more The

justify, course ourThat we may feast in harvest shared installed, not had was Governor Who Cumming lie. a that brot was you The word cattle died, the still starved walled. Frozen and mountains by army The

sir, will delayed army, beYour still the abide vale. must army For the without remain needs Must

Till explanations have been made, Far from their contemplated goal, Said Brigham Young: "I'll not entail

Until hear from Washington we shall one risk! had Though smallest army to his The No said—peace be depended on; men may My soul city wall the within Encamp

vast the to hold keyThey yon valor quell he gang. would that gate "That followers motley Mormon The

they're ready Until wait."can you else there in hell;"or winter slang. smirching And with along drag Who

But Mormon valor stood the test. Like carrion feeding on their prey,

"Governor Young, do you not know, And guarded well the sacred nest. Shall not pollute our streets one day

If great so orders nation our said if as have they do we Or eventually submit? mustYou hills red valleys find the and They'll and work, But must arm men women pit brave cannot you your men Though Governor flame smoke."and With The his shirk task to not one Each must States,"against strength UnitedTheir * * * for sponsor stood promises Made fed, children clothed be and must The

all fates said. captain the The "Though if pass through soldiers they might The sped soldier had husbands who The a time—for lengthened with youWere crew, the motley The rugged hold Into the canyon's city—e'en fight,"tones in sublime no want "We far the and peace away keep Should the cold; protected be from Must

if averred, chief "but must weThe came their camp. Then make Should spin and weave wives and sew must You trust; we'll strong In put our His arm the day skin, of fashion And garments—coats we'll defend daughters wives andOur flags unfurled, cavalry with will carpets do When your looms from Or bitter fight the end; to you And the to world the canyon Pranced down blue; coats gilded as of well As rod, or with or gun sword youCome see. to waited long and will, hoped They'd rags you or in what garbed Though with measure arms God. cannot You infantry, line line of on still. is soldier a soldier And A forbid shed should thatBut we God their backs. rolled blankets Their upon

head, one of blood or drop bow One haversacks. canteens bright and Their peace, for prepared for war, Prepared selfdefense. it in beSave should sky, to the pointing bayonets With cease, that might enmity Praying intelligence this bear you But by, hurried martial music To bring peaceful messengers might That supplies furnish will not youWe tramp needs they mile mile must For on first of the gleam with news Good I beast, advise nor and For man their city to the camp. Beyond Spring. fort, winter construct a youThat

sport peaceful settle to down And long. stretch streets wide and dreary The it burst; the bubble was, so wandering keep from your men AndAnd

song, a child, a or maid not With. first the Spring."for tardy blunder wait Buchanan's while from you The

wait their After long weary and scoff of soldier, believe the said been butt aad the "I"Sir,"men Had gate, a o'er greeting the waft To sea, I relieve true, pen and land fain word and would by and On You grass the through brooklets only The soldiers the censured cloud—too threatened the him; They fromYou

pass. as they at them laughing Are than shiver his through more "I'm to scrimp hand: Grasping and had Who'd

proud An arduous Winter 'thout reward

To find such candor such resolve. Of e'en a battle with the guard. How lone and still! How desolate.

I go this mischief to dissolve, Who'd watched the canyon night and day, What evil this, what dismal fate

Allow the troops to march this way Would fain have made of him their Has fallen on this once glad town?

And peace shall glint their banners gay."prey. Where are its people, whither flown

The life, the spirit of the vale?

"Kind sir,"said Young, "you do not Ah, yonder cottage tells the tale;

know,> '<* Look thou within the shining pane

The treachery that lurks below And pitying tears thou'lt not restrain.

The surface of a seeming truce, True to his word was Brigham Young,

E'en General Johnston can't induce His people hearkened to his tongue:

Me or my men to let them through "Once more, O Israel, to your tents,

Until we prove them frank and true Go seek the Southern settlements,

I've heard such promises before, Until we're sure there is no snare

And seen them broken o'er and o'er. To trip our feet; have you a care?

tell Officer, your General,Go, three or trusted Our soldiers—two

revere constitution treachery The we remain; should here Shall

He'll find the records 'thout a flaw. Lift but one finger, every latch

My people honoring the law Will yield to them. The flaming match

And fearing God. If he shall say: Will do the rest * * * Nay, do not weep!

That to these vales he'll fight his way, The sacrifice you make shall leap

Tell him from me; though deserts bloom Up on the ember's scarlet glow

In God's great world there still is room, Unto high Heaven; your homes laid

Which we will find, begin again, low

This order. Sir, you can't restrain. Shall witness to your faithfulness.

Fresh courage take, should this distress, "We've made new homes, been driven forth This darkling cloud be turned aside

As vagabonds unfit for earth; And men and officers abide

And in the Name of Israel's God, In friendliness within our gates

By these broad vales our feet have trod, We shall return your fair estates,

Made sacred by our prayers and tears Made fairer by the passing cloud,

Where we've had rest a few short years. Shall cheer with joy the heart's now

Should he succeed his point to gain, bowed, grain grass shall nor not find nor He we'll tree with sweep shrub; nor fire Cee/?7 a***'AndAndIsrael'scrownGodour shalllives withwith usvictory!"be,Nor

Herein is a bit of unre-—orcordedwashistoryit aof tragedy—a tragedy

which occurred many years ago. The incident is told by

Karl E. Young

who for yearsy has been studying Indian customs costumes and stories.

Frontier Burial

in the early hisSOMETIME tory of Utah a strange death overtook two men in old muzzleloading rifles lay in the 1. Moulded bullets and pouch.

the mouth of American Fork Canhollows of their arms, and knives 2.3. MetalBullet powdermould. cans.

yon. The evidence of the tragand powdercans, as well as 4. Silver riflemountings.

edy, which has only recently been pouches containing moulded bul- 5. Knife blades.

6. Cold chisel.revealed, with along in lets were found was contained many two

7. Bundle of mysterious sticks. articles lessshallow graves other important which which were found bracelets. 8. Copper

just before snowfall last Novemhad been placed beside the bodies.

ber by Jack Healy, a prospector. But Healy's eye suddenly fell upMr. Healy was picking his way on a muchbattered coldchisel. Its bottom of the graves without findacross a steep hillside when his effect upon his imagination was ining the expected sacks of gold, the

curiosity was aroused by two stantaneous and complete. Such a excited man continued to excavate,

queerlooking mounds which, as tool, he thought, could be used pitching rocks and refuse out on he tells us, "seemed mighty superonly for prospecting; hence these the wreckage below him.

stitious,"out in the middle of a men must have been prospectors. It was in this deplorable consmooth shale slope. He struck his Furthermore, since so many other dition that Dr. George Hansen, of

pick into one of the mounds and possessions had been buried beside the B. Y. U. Geology Department,

lodged it, to his amazement, in a them, no doubt their 'findings,'found the evidence when, after behuman skull. Working rapidly, must also be in the graves. With ing notified of the discovery, he

he soon removed a covering of a true prospector's excess of zeal, took a small group of men to about ten inches of shale and rocks Mr. Healy immediately began to American Fork with him to inand laid bare two human skeleclean out the graves in his search vestigate. Since a systematic extons, each reposing on a litter of for treasure. Bones, guns, beads, cavation had been rendered imposdecayed oak boughs and leaves. bracelets, tattered clothing, hair, sible, he and his men gathered up

harness, and everything else he everything that could be found and 'TpHE dead men had evidently came to were thrown indiscrimtook notes on what Mr. Healy said

been buried with all of their inately among the rocks aroundconcerning the positions of the possessions, for the remains of four about. And, having arrived at the skeletons and all other objects as

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 555

they lay in the graves when first even beads and bracelets might be conceivable that the warriors were discovered. The skeletons were explained away by citing instances buried where they fell, but it is

then laid out and pieced together from Parkman's "Oregon Trail"more probable that they were in and an attempt was made to reor other authentic books in which enemy country and that their construct the evidence as nearly as white frontiersmen dressed and friends had brought them high up possible. lived very much like Indians. on this difficult slope to prevent

discovery and desecration of their

HPHE first assumption was that /\NE more argument could be bodies after the warparty had left the men were Indians, for Inrecruited in support of the the country. This would also

dians are accustomed to burying a theory that the men were whites: adequately explain the absence of

dead man's possessions with him so the enamel had been badly worn horses from the burials, for it that he may have no difficulties on off of the grinding surfaces of the would be difficult to get horses up his journey to the Happy Hunting teeth in one skull. Such a condion the steep mountain in the first

Grounds. This assumption was tion is common among tobaccoplace, and it would be still more

supported by a number of significhewers, and tobaccochewing is a difficult to conceal the burials if cant details: first, the finding of white man's habit. Nevertheless, horses were killed there, and lastseveral bits of straight black hair when the evidence was weighed the ly, the war party would probably

which, when examined under the conclusions arrived at were that the be in need of all the horses it could microscope, looked very coarse and skeletons were those of Indians, get.

heavy in comparison with white and furthermore, that they must The date of the killing is very man's hair; then, numerous fraghave been buried by friends, beuncertain, but there is some reaments of eagle feathers and scraps cause enemies would, without a son for supposing that it took place

the left their bodies to doubt, have characterotterof very in the spring of the year between fur—both

off their carried guns coyotesistic and articles adornment; of Indian fifty seventyfive years ago. and

third, a double handful of colored and other valuables. The finding of several oak twigs

china beads and two copper braceAnd yet, though buried by with small dried buds on them in lets such as the traders sold to Infriends it is quite certain that these the litter at the bottom of the dians; fourth, a bundle of short men had suffered a violent death, graves was the basis for fixing the

sticks crudely sharpened at one end, for the top of one skull had been early spring as the time of the inbut skinned and whittled smooth, caved in while it was green and had cident. And the extremely badly

and tied together with a strip of dried in this shape, indicating that decomposed contents of everything cloth very much like an old hat this person had been killed by a in the graves including the rifle band. (These sticks were too short blow from a heavy, blunt instrubarrels, which were pitted and

to have been made into arrows. a war club or the rusted almost to pieces, as well asPerhaps they were part of a "medibuttment,—perhapsof a gun. Just how the secthe type of equipment determined

cine bundle.") Finally, there were ond man died it was impossible to the fixing of the date at so early a

patches of fringed buckskin with ascertain, although several bits of period in Utah history.

tiny blue beads still hanging from long black hair were found near It is however, possible that these shreds of sinew thread. him stuck together by what must might have been victims of the

Opposed to this array of facts have been clots of blood. Black Hawk War. If anyone can

was a long, if not quite so conadd anything to the information vincing, list of reasons for suppos- [T is possible to account for most already obtained, Dr. George H.

ing that the men were whites. First of the evidence by supposing Hansen will be glad to affix it to

of all, their equipment was much that these two men were killed in the display of the relics now in a more complete than was usually a skirmish with some enemy and showcase at the Brigham Young the case with Indians. Besides the then quietly buried by their comUniversity.

four longbarrelled, silvermounted panions after the fight. But in this

rifles, powdercans, bullet pouches, case it is strange that the burials—<k4@&x-

and knives already mentioned there should have been situated so high were found in the graves two above the canyon floor, for they Twentyfirst Annual powder horns, a bulletmould, two were two hundred and fifty or sets of stirrups (but, singularly three hundred yards up on a very Timpanogos Hike trace leathers ofenough, no or steep slope of the mountain. It is been have ANNOUNCEMENTS

saddletrees to them), two go with "the of made by those in charge bridle bits, several buckles and 21st Annual Timpanogos Hike that hooks which must have come from it will be held on July 2223. The

pack saddles, a bell such as is atprogram in the Theatre of the Pines tached to a horse at night, two at Aspen Grove will be held Friday spoons, the coldchisel, a factoryevening, July 22. It will be followed

the ceremonial bonfire huge which pipe, imby clay made and—most traditional lighted will in the be of varifragmentsportant—several fashion twentyone of by Mt. nymphs cloth (homespun, of kindsous

whipcord, calico print and silk) Timpanogos.hike will take placeThe Annualon the followingorganized

which, along with glass buttons day, July 23.

and brass coat buttons, had comForest officials declare that snow prised important articles of apparel. is unusually plentiful on the mountain

Much of the equipment looked like this year and that glacier, waterfalls, government issue. Of course, the and flowers will be at their best by

fringed buckskin, furs, feathers and At the Grave. July 23.

't You Haven a JVand, / Wave a Spade By Margaret C. Moloney

IT'S marvelous the magic there grand old Mother—Nature, and spots; and then one sparkling June

is in the common garden variwe'll see what we shall see.'She morning after a night of warm

ety of spade. I venture to say it laughed very happily and started showers, I found myself clothed

carries as much magic as the wand digging all around me; but I from the ground up to the very

the fairy godmother waved so reckwasn't happy by any means for I top of my head in the most beautilessly around and about the person figured that if she was going to ful of all the garments on the of poor little Cinderella. For when plant flowers at my feet I'd only ranch, not a tatter to be seen! She,

the spade gets busy Mother Nature look worse looming up big and herself, and Mother Nature had steps up and for magic stunts she's ugly above them you know. outdone Cinderella's godmother,

at a garwith noneno wanda barring worldbeater, until ahead she worked "But his all—justin all den spade! Solomon not excepted!fairy godmothers the she plants in, then and had all

Not having a wand, or a fairy she stood back and checked them glory was never turned out as Igodmother, but having a woodoff to be sure she had them right was, and—but well you saw me,

shed that was the one discordant 'On the west,'she said, 'cleyourself!"

note in our rural symphony, I matis paniculata and purple wisThe Fir nodded grumpily. He

wielded the spade in lieu of the taria, one at each corner. The wiswasn't given to compliments, but

wand, and left the rest to Mother taria can climb up this way and he had to admit the truth of the

Nature, and between us we * * * the clematis this way, and when oldtimer's words. I happy!"the old manbut I'll let the old woodshed tell they meet over the door!'She "Was

it in his own way. shook her bobbed head as if she went on, with no encouragement

tree, fir greatest the the "but she to express hadn't words the what "It's clothes that make thrill supreme—came fromthrill—the north,'the thinking. was 'On the said woodshed. oldman,"

later in season, the evening one Perkins she on, 'Dorothy went fir great towering above The after a in trying hot August. day just Bitterswtet. the west and On reply. were Clothes madehim no "I pretty well spent, and was be the ivy. the For must wood least troubles. his the of He'd o'sort dreamily night watching is ivy in somewhere, and thrown them.always would had Always take possession the of world. withthat thing the only would lived. as long he sohave them failed she to never Thought how Paul's ordeal. South, stand that the instance,"for meself, "Take come, she seemed and always how Scarlet Silver climbclimber, Moon spring continued. "Lastoldtimer the gentle day, than crooning more in. er, all Yep, Vine. Lace and

little to began ranch the thewhen sleepy lullaby same drowsy smiled old kindly man,'she Now, rustic out, the I fromblossom new tires of. the that never world

let 'we'll at her Nature do me,gate opening onto the highway, stuff.'watched the moon peek up over

to the new stile leading down to the firs cautiously and then as if coat driver, athe racing with new glide assured confiby someone enthusiastic, but house, the forof green willow wee I the into I dently J WASN'T heavens. high

naturally, and I was curious, all fruit the for printsflowery felt cooling the the night of breath and, plants, eye those kept an ontrees, a carpet undervelvet green breeze just to ready doze and was sir, in time sending they were no oaks scrub the even they in came, hand when handfoot—why I shoots; one up green and day presentedwere brand with new Herself the Himself, and most the that looked and found down thegreen on all beautiful the of beautiful suits—everything Scarlet and crawled Paul had up suit, a but springranch had new world!

side. in covered an old wound my I plain in here stood itme. 'Isn't dear?'glorious, said And

I to hope. days began few Then A old ugthe of highway, andview Herself. done by and was me

I later wispurple the caught bold I ly, picture. the whole marring garthe old Mother Nature—and'It little taria to clematis the signaling

I tell I felt can you, and bad, spade.'laughter den rang Their

looked worse! meet him up there over the door out pleasantly, not disturbing the

just as she Herself planned, had feeling I was night day "One in the when love least. 'Don't you

little clematis held dainty and that feel as can as a fellowabout it, dear?'bad Herself asked Himself,

to one and with hand me Herself arms on heralong with came speaking of course, of me, and to the the wisother gayly things,full of tubers and and; twigs Himself spoke quickly up

there, she she'd be and a wavedtaria—that spade. is 'It certainly glorious,and dear-

"'Poor Old Dear,'she tried to was there, too, in no time. The est, but'here he drew her into his

comfort me, seeing how bad I bittersweet and the ivy, and the arms and his lips were so close to looked, 'we're going to try waving lace vines, and all the roses, too, her ear that if it had not been for a spade around, since we have no while seeming to be swinging idly* the night breeze relaying his words in rapidly I breeze, the creeping were haven't anymagic could not have heard, 'it's you wand. We

I love!'"sides, fairy godmother, a all the covering but bad up we have my

eviews [ike frigate a "There is no 'book

... lands to bear us away—Emily Dickinson

A White Bird Flying

there is to see now is a white have a By BESS ALDRICH But all STREETER a gifted few family—only flying, bird Appleton Co.) (D. careers. could have

in- "wholesome"were the the word Driving night before she TF Whose bloodstained wings go circling was high,—circling up to God."to terpreted to go to Uncle which Harry Caroand mean only that Aunt

is good and true and fine, instead of Grandmother had had such a hard lyn, and begin to do big things, she being used with such prodigal frequenlife, Laura knew; and yet she had and Allen were caught in a terrific

cy to describe unpleasant things which been happier than most people whose storm. Lightning, thunder, rain in

are good for people, it would be the lives are easy. The old days when sheets and wind that blew like fury

term to apply to this book. A sequel Nebraska was a barren prairie, when all combined to make an eerie strangeto "A Lantern in Her Hand,"it takes crops were destroyed by drought and ness which frightened her. Driving

up the Deal family soon after the first wind and grasshoppers, those days fast to get to shelter, the two of them, book left them, and weaves into the were the ones which Grandma Deal in a flash of lightning, saw old Oscar fabric of their various lives the values had loved to live over and over again. silhouetted against the skyline above

which are strong and real, with such And now that she was Igone, old a hill, arms outstretched, like a proph- a deft touch that readers find the patOs-Lutz the only one left of the old et; and a giant tree, split by lightning,

terns of their own lives changing subPioneers, told his stories of the early toppled and fell on him. The old man

tly. days. He would take a pail full of had gone as he had wanted to go

The beauty of living and of dying vegetables to give to someone, and like a tree in the wind. Later at home

after life has been lived beautifully then tell them stories; and Laura could and in bed, Laura realized that she

is the quiet theme of this book, which never understand why it was that nowas facing a turn in the road—that

in spite of its simplicity, touches body except herself seemed to like to no matter what else life has to offer, upon the greatest and most fundamenthear him. They joked about him only love matters. She chose Allen

al of human experiences in such a way behind his back, and groaned when instead of the possible career, and in as to make an indelible and lasting they saw him coming. But Laura her choice she found happiness.

impression. felt that the stories should somehow Uncle lightly Harry, floutto not be

heard, be remembered. one and all the The generally with Concerned

left to in his will Laura of the sum his ed, thing puzzled it is specifically which Deals, of the story her was

Laura Deal, the twelveyear-old grand cheerfulness in contemplating death. one dollar. In the field with her childaughter of Abbie Deal, who some- "Don't fear it, not a mite,"he would dren one day, Laura threw the money

how knew, when her beloved grandsay; but the child knew that he did into the grass, and bade the little ones

mother was found dead alone in her fear a long drawnout illness. He find the most valuable thing in the

house, that she would have wanted to wanted to go like a tree, crashing in pasture. One found a tree; one a

be alone, with only the memories of the wind. meadow lark, and one found the baby

her pioneer days, her little children who had run out at the critical mothe day, soon after her Abbie From ment. they the into all went And less inexplicably had becomewho

funeral, gone Laura had when house, having their lovely found the Deal's ashers Will, they grew older, and the house, by herself to walk about things. the "And shone and sun before, yet died yearshusband had who

.. she must something knew that do the rain fell. Uncle Harry. And his never lost to her she to speak power

lovely to justify her grandmother's dollar Wentworth's turned deep was she help him. neededand Laura when

in faith her. career hers, to be was A sod. the under the But though sun it that "just best—doing wasknew

it. interfere nothing and with must it fell, shone rain and on nothing it it to yourself. had by do You

his wife, wealthUncle her Harry and ever a came from green thingyourself help could anyway. Nobody it—notthe iest relatives, willing her to take were a nor thing singing soul."a nor human it;"loved and do Laura hadyou who

as child, their give and every her own her understood grandmother, and In this of day complicated novels for opportunity travel study which and a verse the lady oldfound had which leave the which reader wondering writer. into great a her would make in scrap herpasted recently which book is after all, this worthwhile, what fact that (a Allen Rinemiller The feelingdescribed grandher her about Bird book Flying"White comes "A the old friend grandson of Rheindeath:mother's freshness, aland, with dewy though fell in miller) love with and Laura

bitgrief has been "Pain enough and and is it childishly in places, most simple to her but wanted marry had him terness crying, and

Sharp ways and stony ways I think it a momentary influence on the girl. strangely unforgettable. was she trod. She felt that anyone could marry and—Elsie T, Brandley.

558 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

The Pony Express By ARTHUR CHAPMAN made the true story of the West and ment of the shuttle of horseflesh which (Putnam, New York City) thathas introducedmakes themthemlive tobeforeus inoura eyes.way held"Thea looselyPony Express"knit nationis a together.book that

'TpHE Pony Express! The words Among these are men like Brigham any westerner is likely to enjoy imhave romance in them, for what Young, Porter Rockwell and others mensely. From it he will obtain

and type of of the manhood of our own region, as well as many knowledge excitement with has not glowed youth as America, we courage which made the fearless at of the very mention men others.

and the matchless horses that whisked In this fascinating tale jwe,are have dreamed it, possible.

the mail over 2,000 miles of plains, brought face to face with events In his concluding paragraphs, Mr.

mountains, and deserts lying between which brought about the establishment Chapman has this to say:

the little frontier town, St. Joseph, of the Pony Express, and then in a

on the Missouri River, and the already few stirring chapters we are made to "The Pony Express was the greatever deest school horsemanship of see the heroism, the the courage, city, Francisco? romantic San

... the of veloped. "Pony"men The the of the immade men who rain stamina Indians, Beset hindered by by the in records for established endurance true. possible come threatened blizzards, and and snow unequaled will remain saddle which

Salt relentless City, Deseret the Lake torrents the raging News, and by.. 'poso-called all time. for, Their

express riders, are deserts, frequently the Mormon "must men, young who reality in nies'such anything but were mentioned, for the "City than of the pounds not weigh more 120 clean animals, limb, of—powerful Saints"city a themselves, was key mail, of tarried the and some each"in dispo- 'outlaw'lung, of deep and

pioneers into the horses their were important bosses Mormon even and and resilient youths, born sition. Only

in the establishment success flows and as of immortality. blood long So such saddle, ridden could have to the

Express, as they horses the these were Pony print is readable red and in animals at top speed day after day.

every important in those riders wastes movement over lonely poundingand will excite the imagination of young early days. "The clattering hoofs of the 'Pony,'

and old alike. In this well documented history of and the sound of the rider's horn,

Arthur Chapman, the man to an important movement, Mr. Chaparoused echoes which never can be

whom every westener should be grateman reveals something of the strugstilled."

ful for his poem, "Out Where the gle a new nation was having with an On April 3, 1 860, a horse and rider

West Begins,"in a 319 page book, unwieldy territory which senators and shot out of the little frontier town, beautifully printed and illustrated, has congressmen were loathe to claim. He St. Joseph, on the Missouri river, carmade the Pony Express live again. tells of some famous rides by famous rying mail for the West and on the

With a love for the task in hand manihorsemen which foreshadowed the same day a "Pony"left San Francisco fest on every page, Chapman has given "Pony;"some battles among whites for the East—a new fast mail was esus no mere history—although he has and between whites and Indians which tablished. "The Express"lost fortunesgiven us an authentic history—but a had farreaching effects upon the proand lasted only a few months, but it

moving drama of the old West. He ject; of a time when Uncle Sam got the mail through, and in so doing

has rounded up for us many of the purchased camels for the "great Amerpaved the way for other American characters whose biographies have ican desert;"and of the final abandonachievements. H. R. Merrill.

The Oregon Trail By FRANCIS PARKMAN would have shocked anyone else to The descriptions of the life on the (Junior Literary Guild) death. He decided to go westward on prairie, the great storms, the difficult

the Oregon Trail and live with the travel, the herds of buffalo, the noliter- all great a are for season. Indian Indians madic bands Mormons, We the In- "mountainmen"andnpHE

writer ature. captured has other to hearing been have accustomed who No their dians into have come own

tales spirit primitive so the the of America hardship of endured our by all again. the In reviews and on

bristles successfully. trail, grandfathers with that page Every on what know one. shelvesthe bookstore downtown

detail details the are combined yet through. he and But went had Parkman titles see the red alluringcan about

a to give as big in impresrest-cure. his ulterior in such an motive way whites the admen, and came who create sions and atmosphere. several years lived he For wtth had the inventuring wild them among joined idea the the the Fort Laramie of writing history At Parkman ofearly of the days B. West. Frank

the pgillalah hisof Whirlwind's band Indian French Wars. and a Such

fine given us books hasLinderman savages the followed Sioux and tory involve knowledge would much in "American,"and "Old CoyMan their wanderings, throughout forest the of the broader concept summer and ote."Stewart Edward White has of writing the history of the American up through the terrible Black Hills

Rifle,"other usgiven and Long "The for again, ever an hoping back the Forest and gradually of taken hold had contricreditablewriters have made to the warpath a opportunity imagination. go on man's young When better will butions. book But no them. to never war, with library went study no They breakdown made

the old writtenever West about be filled fashis but pages possible, with longer to Parkman he resolved go West than Francis Parkman's "Oregon where he could find Indians whose culcinating pictures of Indian daily life.

Trail."ture was practically identical with that The many stories of Indian cunning

In 1846 Parkman was twentythree of the Indians who had inhabited the and bravery, which occur incidentally years old and just out of Harvard Colforests of the East during the early are enough to satisfy the heart of any lege. His health which had never American wars. Consequently he set boy reader. But there are also passbeen good, was fast failing him, and out up the Missouri River in the spring ages which reveal the nobility of Inhe was forced to abandon his research of 1846 accompanied by his cousin dian character and give balance to the

studies in American history in order to and a fine young (FrenchCanadian narrative. I quote what is perhaps the

take a rest. His plan of recuperation guide. (Continued on page 566)

Prairie Stars New York Churchyard Prairie Yearning

Mrs. Pearl Riggs Crouch By John G. Whidding By Mrs. Pearl Riggs Crouch

light the stars torches sunset\\/HEN prairie 'the wide, '* Over J-JERE,* Loudwhereto thetoweringheavens martscry, of trade ()H,Sr forouta tree when my heart yearns

Cares of the day are swept away Wayfarers find worn tombstones laid Over the reaching dryland plain!

On twilight's purpling tide. Where numbered hundreds lie. The muted symphony of leaves

The croon of nesting birds again!

is returns. to that dust dust Dust eyes twinkling, merry myriadA fact, the Death, enduring tree, spreading gracious, boughs whose A I lift Smile back own, when my life, all entreaties spurns, Conquers the noonday shade from dewy Give overtones sing of beautyAnd

act. shall late or soon And sun! lilting blown. duskwinds By

released, here the serf, A the and Here Whentree to thechantdragginga vesperprairiehymnday is done! in his fevered thought, LostThough weary days may stretch theii

length passes Heedlessly stonestrewn a leafy, tree swaying turf, Only the illlonely plain, Over plans of wrought. Dreaming silver rain.. slant the In of summer heart strong and gay growsAlways my sing heart a thousand with would My persist, gives Cycles time and way stars are lit again! When hopes is a fleeting dream. Earth

Heaven is nearer, day by day Here on the reaching, windswept

Life is a seaward stream. plain!

Mortals who toiled lie here at rest *e53to*- the chambered ground, Deep in Night on Timpanogos shall test the Waiting Day when God

By Andrew M. Anderson Their worth, at trumpet sound. Reincarnated

these Kennelly chance, markers Ardyth upon By who in Ye glorious mountain,\7ENERABLE ye Pause, and remember "moonlight;

tall silver vases borne has as years advance Holiest words C"HE urge heeding your am *-'ivory. head, her her arms were and "Crossbearers, follow Me."On spirit letting upward. your lead meAndI gardens, in She sung and her mouth has

Toil as ye may, Death covers all Was a red flower in the dusk.

You have invited me to be your guest Fame is an earthly prize. She has danced, and her feet were

At night. Your gentle winds have whisMonuments crumble; tablets fall Two white doves in the sand.

pered a white Beneath eternal skies. Her body was poem

of rare beauty, spread in yourOf banquets like a lily thing—a... Of whiteness

halls She has had love flung about her

Of immense spaces. Longing Like a cloak of peacock feathers.

Onward with me moves the sky By Clara Peterson WithShe hascandleslain stillat herin theheaddarkand feet.

silver mysteries of the aspenAbove the TF trail. * AndI couldfeel seethe yourpressuresmileof onceyourmore,hand, Today she bought some yellow dye

And read a message in your eyes, For her bedroom curtains.Incense carried by a timid breeze Just these two words—"I understand,"Today she priced Russian pottery

Is borne from fields of sainted columbine. I'd know that life is still worth while, And searched through a cookbook

That I can fight this battle through, For a new recipe for fruit cake.

The moon, curved like the petal of a Because one still has faith in me, Today she washed her hair flower, Because that one who cares is you. And dried it in the sun.

Hides for an instant, while a tinted raincloud But no, you cannot come to me, -eoVs*-

Cools my brow. Until I've fought my fight and won.

The things that you would have me do

Thin echoes of innumerable water falls, Too often have remained undone. Tribute

into shafts of shadow, enchant ButDropping And Ihopewill somefight courageouslyday to take your hand. By Merling D. Clyde silences. the

And read approval in your eyes, in Pioneers, to do all you found (jH,Great cirques, stand back politely, and let And hear you say—"I understand."better builded than you knew; >* You

the stars For guided by the Architect supreme

Steal modest glimpses into your hidden The desert lands became a golden dream.

lakes, You started churches, schools, and tilled

Fringed with lacy borders of eternal snow. the soil,

Each disappointing year but challenge to

Your Alpine glacier stretches to the moon, your toil.

A ghostly sheet spread by some ancient With spirit that undaunted saw afar,

Norn mother, With faith in God an ever guiding star,

And freshly washed by showers and starchThis empire that you founded yields ed by midnight frosts. A monument to all your high ideals.

Upon your heights Your parentage, your teachings so divine

Snows of the glacier blend with mists of Became this heritage of mine.

air Entrusted now to me I only ask

Suspending me in space. That I prove worthy of this sacred task

To carry on, with eager, faithful hands,

Here so near the stars Oh, Mother, Father, of these western

That I could reach up with my hands lands;

and brush them by And if the world shall find my standards true, ultimate inHere peace—supreme beauty In humbleness all grace I give to you. I feel akin to God.

.:; J

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

The Speed of Religious Songs By Edward P. Kimball

OPEED, or tempo, has much to do and the young men and women, the machine will tick one tick for each with expression in song. While type of music used, especially songs, is quarter note; or in other words, it

it is very important in solo singing, of a character quite generally opposed means eighty quarter notes to the minit is not so difficult to regulate there, to the character of our worship songs. ute, as the mechanism of the metrobecause performance is a matter of i* Especially:the ireqreation songs and nome is so regulated. Of course the

dividual taste; whereas in group perthose of gladness which youth so loves chorister will not always have access

formance, especially in groups made up to sing are lively, both in content and to a metronome, but he can figure ifof differing ages and ability and experformance. When these songs are approximately the speed indicated

perience, such as a church congregadirected by the same persons who dihe will remember that a column of in as for in parade, briskly rect the congregational songs marching the men careful a mattertion, it should of be the at it is steps the always meeting, not S. army, example, U. Sacrament inconsideration because of so many minute. leader notes per gives rate quarter the evident that of much 120

it.fluences which work upon may either the in difference these metronome to In the book any thought hymn

Latterday Saint congregations are character of the songs or the occamarks were given by the composers generally heterogeneous groups, made sion. The impression seems to prethemselves wherever these were obup of persons descending from many vail that a song must be taken at a tainable; and where it was not possible

tongues, cultures and traditions. Espelively speed in order to be sung with to secure them from the composer,

cially among the older members may spirit. principally because they no longer

be found men and women who have Those leaders who direct all the lived, they were determined by the other members Committee the churches in of Music Churchworshiped to a well in do singing would ward and, experience years of long had lean toward theselands, naturally who and proposition. this Would about think

or directed instances, had in many while taught assinging they were singing the difference there be no the in with the songs company sung is vigorthe there up.growing Then a for Thee, God, of Thank "We inO they what thus composers, knowing congregation the of partous, youthful "Gladly Prophet,"and meetingV their composition. to relative desired traditions or standards have gladness, no butwho of are songs both They

ironclad, are not these marks While the in experience their limited difference in contentbeyond a is there not observe well to will the director do congreof Successful kinds compel two community.ward would which

gational singing must take these conexpression? them quite closely.

ditions into consideration, because the In the "Latterday Saint Hymns,"There are some things which may indicated. sing in the speed variation in congregationaldegree of speed generally used quite by cause which is now

afthe and the of the size group One is important, and speed ising is most dichorister is given the the Church, fected by this varying character of rect suggestion as to speed in every building. A congregation in the Tathe with be bernacle cannot moved membership.our Church of song each the beginning At hymn.

a as in small facility ward one same this. like figures will be found deteris ( speaking, tempo Correctly variety reasonable most house. The

is called the the metronome This of = 80). content the a in bymined hymn direction slowing the in will of

little if It weight the sign. that means than said easily is morepoem. That the in increasing the tempo—rarelybe the set is eighty at the metronome on emotion feelrealized. persons two No reason some speed. main why The

in the same degree, and neither will persons like to sing fast is because they they interpret a poem alike. The exhave always done it that way. Cerperienced leader has found that there tainly the composer knows better than

is a tempo inherent in each hymn, and Old Glory Wave On anyone else how fast his hymn should this tempo is the correct one. But be taken.

how is this natural tempo to be disBy Grace Jacobsen The Lord has declared to Lattercovered? We may answer, By study- (\LD Glory wave on day Saints that the songs of the right-

- deto song,ing everything the land troubled about our Over own that and are a prayer unto Him, anew. eous courage of message thy Speak words, the of the true termine meaning blessings will with on them answer He plain and mountain From its it in first practicing of all, and by

is a If to be their again, hail heads. song thee our We be different can conceptions. There you. faithful to Loyal and first all it of spoken be prayer must congrein the that fact our denyingno

gations the tendency is to sing too fasl Old Glory wave on with full realization of what the poem speech. glorified says; is merely song true; and'firm hearts our Keep espebrethren, presiding of ourMany

the strife. are the and storm Lifted from understanding up and speaking and experience cially those have had who press to on us Give hope espefirst singing, in requisites the and are churches, foreign in the of worship the storm. strife the and Through the in cially that is done singing in life. the blessings of uncontinually complaining the about peace and For

due speed often used in our congreservice of God. If leaders will come

gational songs. Old Glory wave on to realize this truth they will not

No doubt the frequent use we make BroodSpread overthy foldsColumbia'sto the domain.breeze have much difficulty in establishing

of music in all kinds of activity, diLet freedom and right correct speed in the hymns, and the in their might. directcriticism justly so frequent Triumph and instances in rected same by the many

allegiance claim our And that is again. ed be will at singing too rapid is extreme. for this persons, one cause

In the organizations of the children less and less justified.

Aaronic Priesthood

Aaronic Priesthood Shows Phenomenal Gains

Correlation and Supervisors Gunnison 193112 193214 Sixteen Stakes Stay in 30% 3 6 37Campaigns Bring Excellent Hollywood 8 11 Group in May Hyrum Idaho 16 27Results 'in,, chart printed the Aaronic SHE Idaho 23 Falls 21 AI Priesthood of department the Im11 Kanab 10 gratifying reports of the most/\NE indicated for provement January Era Kolob 16 22to Presiding issued the be from Lehi the 23 serious 25 in at decrease attendance is the OfficeBishop's in time long a Liberty 29 30 the Aaronic Priesthood meetings with report Priestat of attendance Aaronic Logan 23 20 of the spring coming summer and at the Los Angeles meetingshood during 30 36 quorum efyears. of previous In an months

15 18 Lyman the of unusual were Somonth May. fort this to activity decline in prevent Malad 20 24 thegains corresponding over made the Presiding carried has Bishopric on Millard 17 19 bulletin special that a of 1931month years, five for the past a campaign Montpelier 21 16 appreciation in comandwas issued officers use stake to urging and ward 9 Morgan 25

officers to stakemendation and ward every possible Ogden 25 Mount to 29 keep means young who were responsible for the splendid Nebo 20 22 men of the Priesthood interested. The

results indicated in the report. The North Davis 21 28 list of stakes showing attendance of

North Sanpete 7 of in 15reports that 1931 show May better or contains during 30% May Sevier 11 North 15 Aaronicthe of average attendance is for sixteen unusual names which North 19 Weber 27 at theirPriesthood quorum members reflects It that the improvemonth. Ogden 27 31meetings In of 1932 was 20%. May in activity Priesthood Aaronic ment Oneida 34 36 of a gain represents Thisit was 24%. entire the Church. throughout 8 Panguitch The 16

25%. In terms of members it means Parowan 5 11 stakes showing attendance of 30% or

that 2800 more young men throughPocatello 19 30 more during May and the percentage out the Church attended their quorum Portneuf 8 18 of attendance are Alberta 40%, Hollymeetings in May of this year than in Roosevelt 8 12 wood 37%, Los Angeles 36%, Oneida

May of 1931. St. George 15 21 36%, Granite 36%, Juarez 34%, St.

St. Joseph 27 33 Ogden Taylor Joseph 33%, 32%, the special bulletin issued by The San Juan 19 21 Valley Star East Jordan 31%, 31%, Office the containsPresiding Bishop's Sharon 19 25 LibGrant Cache 30%, 30%, 30%, detailed information:following Snowflake 20 21 Pocatello erty Davis South 30%, 30%, of Stakes Six showed 100% South Davis 29 30 30%.or over more May, South Sanpete 11 17 a1931—Morgan,gain

Sanpete, Panguitch, Parowan,North Sevier South 17 21 suPriesthood Aaronic With the stakesPortneuf and Wayne. Three Star Valley 24 suggested 30 pervision plan by the PreRiver,gained or 75% Summit 15 18 effective more—Bear Bishopric siding being made gained Idaho. Elder and FourBox Tintic 8 13 Correlathe throughout Church and Jordan, East or 1 7 Tooele50% more—Benson, operations beginning tion Committees stakes Sixtyeight Tooele.Tintic and Uintah 16 19

it is that efficient in an hoped manner the to response gain. This some Utahmade 22 25

is far distant the no time not when activity increased 7 of 15 ofprogram the Wayne

Aaronic Priesthood, especially in the Weber 19 26 stake will have less than 30% aversummer months is appreciated. Zion Park 15 25 age attendance and many stakes will

reach the 50% class. The following stakes had the same

attendance as in May of last year:

Beaver 19, Cache 30, Deseret 26, Quiz for Aaronic Priesthood 9, OquirrhGranite 36, Moroni 17, Supervisors 20, Timpan23, San LuisPalmyra ogos 26, Twin Falls 19. Only 31 "Truefalse"test of knowledge of

stakes showed losses. Some of these, principles of leadership. Arranged by

unfortunately, were rather serious. We H. Eugene Hughes of Palmyra Stake

hope to see all stakes make gains for for use at meetings of Stake and Ward

June. Supervisors of Aaronic Priesthood in

The following figures show the that Stake.

gains made: (Mark OK for true and X for false

1931 1932 statements) 25 24 Bear Lake 28 15 River Bear % OK—There is no more important

before in the us work now - - 17 24 Benson 10 Blackfoot 12 mft directing that of than Church 25 24 Blaine 1 the energies supervising of 23 1 and 13 Box Elder are to of today, the boys who 21 17—Burley

Curlew. 8 11 become the future leaders.

16 12 Duchesne brilliant to not be need OK—We 31 19 East Jordan

reach lead boys and them on, - - -. 18 20 Ensign

Franklin 26 28 but we must have an underGrant. 29 30 David Whitmer standing heart.

562 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

X—A man that uses tobacco and OK—The program of a quorum meetbad language makes a good suing should be short and varied,

pervisor providing the boys have objectives should be set up and

effort to the future of the quorum. X—Wea likingdo notforhavehim.to use part of time given in planning make the Priesthood popular: OK—A wise supervisor will consult

OK—Weit willshouldtake caregiveof personalitself. conthelike boysto putonoverwhatas theya projectwouldas

tact to every boy in our parboys like to help plan their ticular division and follow him objectives.

PriestSchool, through Sunday enis natural boys with OK—Noise hood, and I. A. activities. the M. directed into should be ergy andOK—The auxiliaries of the Church right channels through a prowere instituted for the purpose gram of action.

training of boys and bringing isn't to use the lesnecessary service into active them outlines in the X—Itson by recommended

OK—MissionaryPriesthood. service is the keytheanythingPresidingthat Bishopricwill amusebecauseboys

note to the success of the work: is better than an organized plan

through it the supervisor gives of instruction.

personal contact to the boy in his home, gives encouragement OK—Actions can be guided into conand solicits cooperation of the structive learning, so through

a get strive response to Martin Harris should will attend supervisor good X—Aparents. our instruction of lessons we faithpro- to the boys from the the to meetall the business of

incidents with connected ing, assignments, of the moting purpose make and the take the hood the lesson, or their own lives. give the lesson. minutes, a prospective to and Priesthood

the should depend upon taken supervisor's is so time OK—Boys X—A

spirit to give them of the Lord to instruction giving with to up have no right X—Supervisorscandidate. the vision, understanding, and that can't attend the he boys to the make recommendations

responsibilities, encourage so priests supervisors of and in leadership in quorums, aditsOK—Theto a weekly committee meeting. Bishopric pertaining to changes right attitude toward life and clears to pray, as prayer them teachers very can help much assignments. in vancements, and

the so that the spirit channel carrying on a successful ward his Stake Clerk can make X—The in. flow can teaching campaign. reports to the BishopPresiding

is the vital forceOK—We must encourage a fraternal ric, so it isn't necessary for him OK—Spirituality

feeling in the quorum if we exto have a report monthly from connected with Priesthood trainpect to build up quorum identithe Stake Aaronic Priesthood ing, so we need spiritualminded ty and strengthen the bond of committee. The Stake Secretary men for instructors and superisn't to necessary arrange faith, out in from reports coming supervisor should any have X—Itbrotherly love. can make out his report withvisors. OK—A socials, hikes, outings, beand committees as they have the love for ward should boy have

cause boys do not like this kind contact with every boy in the and his problems, should not

X—Weof recreation.need not explain the Prieststakeare doing.and know just what they benecessaryafraid businessof workmeetings.and a few

Books for the Melchizedek Priesthood Workers

PHE three booklets shown here Improvement Era, but as soon as the rial which will assist ward leaders and constitute the kit for the workers book became available in printed form, committees with their work will be a- in the Elders', Seventies', and High the publication of extracts on this page vailable on this page. In addition there

Priests'Quorums of the Church. All of was discontinued. From now on matewill be notes from the field showing

them may be had whatvariouscommitfrom the Deseret tees throughout the

Book Company, Salt Church are doing, in

Lake City, Utah. order that other comMail orders will be mittees may obtain

filled promptly. Price useful ideas regarding

10c each. methods of service.

The books are, "In Ward leaders, the kealm of Quorpresidents of the um Activity,""In various quorums, the Realm of Quorcommittee chairmen um Activity,"series and members, and all two, and "Suppleothers who can afment to 'In the ford these three should have books Realm of Quorum'"their posActivity.'them in The

last named book is session. They conjust off the press. tain outlines which

Material from the will aid greatly in "Supplement",w a s carrying on the work run in issues of the of the quorums.

MUTUAL MESSAGES I Executive 'Department—Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendence General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET FOX, ALBERT GEORGE RUTH MAY

R. LYMAN, RICHARD CANNON, LUCY GRANT

MELVIN J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

iExecutive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

Sunday Evening Joint Session Rexburg First Ward M. I. A. abilityin whichat rehearsals,the directorproperis disciplinethe final

for August Chorus authority, variation of study material, impartiality of director, determination First Rexburg I. A. Ward M. o f General pHE Theme—Pioneering pettiness, to allow jealousy envy, or no

its second hasYesterday. completed * Chorus

officers to loyalty presiding the orand as a organization. season musical 1. Singing—"Come, Come Ye It ganization the represents chorus which

a approximately ofSaints."has membership are the factors noted. among To the all thirty people, and hundred one

is a this Pioneer. credit, 2. deal due a great of man Prayer—By age. All years of being 13 youngest for his unselfish unceasing through and

fide are the of bona members members quartet—3. duet, or Solo, "What efforts has into existence he brought

I. the the the chorus ward, of of A. M. the Be,""Unanswered HarvestShall finest largest the of one and mixed

total the of including the about Bread 18%% "CastYet,"Your Upon I. in the choruses A. M. membership, oneand about ward similar hymn. orWaters,"some

fourth of the ward members of M.-I.

4. The Slogan. A. age. Concerts have been given to Western States Mission

the music, to purchase funds and and raise 5. Solo or duet—"When You Denver Branch Mutual ImHpHE to that sing idea everyone wants who similar, Maggie,"or a Young, I Were seaAssociation provement is Drama can the underlying sing philosophy song.suitable activities son's a fitting had close with Individuals organization. the of who 6. Twelve Minute Talk—"Piohave never sung in a group before have a fine production of one of the conneering in My Community,"by a piojoined and become important and valtest plays "In The Secret Places."

neer of the ward. (If a pioneer who uable additions to the chorus. Lewis It was done so well, costumed so

can make an interesting talk is not A. Lee, the director who has been tireappropriately and staged so accurately

available, then a mutual man or less in effecting the organization and that it was decided to enter the group woman could interview the pioneers training the singers, has several points in the 8 th State Little Theater Tourand give the talk.) which he considers vital to the success nament sponsored by1 the Denver Comof such an undertaking. Thorough munity Players held at the Woman's

a. The first house. preparation by both conductor and acClub Auditorium for four nights, and

b. The early mail system. companist, punctuality and dependparticipated in by fifteen groups from

c. The first bishop and place of

meeting. d. The first school and school | vi-.gSggggtefe

teacher. e. The first organ or piano.

f. How roads, bridges, canals Br 1 '<

were financed and built..

'n tithing, of paying g. Methods

sP t Sf'4g$ fast offering, mainand ward tenance. *P9KF&&&Xidttii JjHIfl

h. The method and time of fast- %*-

ing, etc., etc.:::: ';;.

i. Early day ward reunions, spirit

of the home, and helpfulness. II

7. Solo, duet, or quartette with the

chorus singing thecongregation i BMB r.t *.| More."Again"Hard Come No r I

'iJIISIctIP M WM 1 & Settler's First 8. Reading—'"TheTimes,

Pioneers,"or a "Pioneers, O,Story,"'.-'-.'-. *

; * i 1 reading. rsimilar

less talk or minute 9. Twelve;,..,;::,,-; wttteiw.... -.tnummmWMsmmmmm—3f rnmm Yesterof Pioneers to all "Tribute

day."Mixed Chorus—Directed by Lewis A. Lee 10. Singing—'Doxology."Rexburg First Ward, Fremont Stake

564 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

different cities in Colorado including Thelma Weight, one of the cast, won the Drama Department during the seaseveral groups from Denver. first prize for diction for women for son and directed the play for the tourOur group won second prize among the whole tournament. nament. Lester J. Herrick designed

the church contestants, and Sister Mrs. John L. Herrick had charge of the set and assisted in the production.

M. I. A. Report of Accomplishments during April, 1932

r-l'of Course No. Reading bedB VkO-p Books Stake Read in II b a< U E 5.2 m a> No. of pec >ple in Stakt No. of Wards having re- M 8 S: fid,

to *cn3 ceived recognition at <H r eached "A'having a s "3ft g Is.B S.B o ai o for Stake Honor sBO Day receivee s Standard and fta B 41mMOB m!>.,* sioi ""OSHtie BOtn reqL ire- B reach the in g B at recognition the "En Ware "g-a ni uoa

in 41 ments \r Days Hone h HO 4101 1-A mIS TO. Ho T3 beBuV y "4> 1—a 01. M egbt 23

6 bt 6 V 2 O 7\ v41 H c3W * uuUS 13OB.5K5 i

Speak. Story

bo bec Public Telling bt boa o.2'3 u >>. Hi i i4 S J B 3 c SQ3 3

>> I*'ISP Sh* Sauaat sQ o...Alberta G. M. G

6Alpine 6 5 14 6 77 47 2 5 4 5 34 46 12 5 11Bear Lake 7 4 4 66 12 74 17 9 18 1 8 34 45 "—65 |>f> 2 7 17 27 3 2 3

Bear River 12 10 12 1 8 7 10 45 26 44 10 17 3 6 3 4 2 7 33 30 11 7 11 50 64 11 11 11

Benson 14 8 12 4 4 12 10 63 67 93 20 13 48 37 15 7 3 66 87 18 7 6

Beaver 5 4 1 4 30 24 30 9 6 1 2 2 1 1 2 26 16 12 12 15 20 35 8 4

Blackfoot 14 4 3 3 31 7 1Blaine 1 9.... 144 114 41 1 31 1 11 1 31 8 4 41 41

Boise 10 6 2 4 14 11 18 12 9 6 2 1 4 10 6 5

Boxelder 13 13 12 13 75 32 68 39 51 7 6 6 7 10 52 30 12 9 14 30 70 10 9 4 8Cache 6 4 2 2 24 15 10 14 38 25 13 4 5 4 45 16 24 6 7 3 2 1 1 1 16 5Cassia 3 3 4 2 8 10 10 1 5Cottonwood 10 2 91 10 74 8 31 55 12 65 23 9 5 41 4 8 3 5 2 ftDeseret 12 9 3 9 6 9 16 25 108 3 7 76 14 14 13 13 18 7 2 10 1 6 4 5 6 fiEast 11 11 9 9 8 Jordan 68 11 90 59 13 11 9 40 217 20 26 5 61 5 4 4 6 *! 5 9 R 28Emery 2 5 4 5 5 15 63 3 39 28 5 8 2 9 1 1 1 1 1 3 2

8 8Ensign 2 7 8 4 8 6 8 79 2 113 126 30 4 165 30 25 29 27 45 3 4 6 6 4 7< 11Franklin 9 4 9 21 9 30 14 25 147 18 9 1 25 6 6 5 7 5 13Fremont 14 7 5 124 21 13 11 39 143 79 39 69 26 34 11 17 1 6 37 7 8 3 4 12 11Garfield 8 2 6 4 1 6 5 25 29 13 10 4 25 8 5 59 28 14 4 4 5 2 4

Granite 10 10 4 10 14 68 15 8 6 300 10 76 27 54 68 22 80 46 9 9 9 6 8

Grant 14 14 11 11 130 30 141 21 17 93 18 10 7 5 68 83 8 14 ft6 14 11Hollywood 12 6 12 4 10 4 4 4 56 24 14 22 54 14 1 12 8 27 2 2 6 2 10 5 2 1 8 5Hyrum 32 10 22 5 5 1 3 2 8 2'15 5t>Idaho Falls 13 4 13 10 114 69 5 33 8 76 4 100 29 43 11 7 8 4 36 3 8 4 7 6 5 2 4Kanab 3 16 8 29 3 1 1 2 1 2

Kolob 5 2 5 3 2 3 25 29 17 31 6 23 5 4 2 5 238 499 45 R 2 2 2 2 3

Lethbridge 9 5 4 3 34 54 21 15 14 3 3 1 5 5 2 4 2 5 5

Logan 11 10 3 10 23 37 39 28 9 3 10 2 6 4 3 3 1 12 1 17 33 24 16 10 4

Los Angeles 11 9 11 4 6 7 9 39 18 73 11 15 2 4 4 2 2 1 2 36 25 16 7 79 55 11 11

Lyman 67 24 21 23 1423 62 167 4 16 23 21 11 11 41 3 56 1216 3 187 136 1739 2 42?4

Malad 9 9 6 5 26 15 22 8 11 2 3 2 1 4 2 3 29 4 12 36 73 6 7 7

Millard 6 5 4 5 3 3 5 3 5 5 21 6 2 9 4 17 2 5 n

Minidoka Moapa 89 35 55 1n2 21 24 18 206 10 41 47 21 52 1 21 22 42 148 "22 253 6 205 275 4130 18 45 A|> 13 6 2 5 20 2 2 1 3 30 6 6 6 34 32 6 5 5 3 5 41 24 38 7 4 1 3 3 3 3 10 5 21 45 4 4 8 3 1 3 5 8 32 1 1 1 2 2 3?

Nebo 9 9 4 6 58 28 37 25 14 6 7 3 7 6 2 7 86 2 23 1 6 90 74 7 9 a

Nevada 7 5 4 3 5 4 7 1 1 1 1 1 5 4 3 5 5 5 15 3 20 25 11 SanpeteNorth 3 36 57 29 83 32 47 4 8 37 4 1 9 3 4 1 4 3 3 4 3 9 Sevier 42North 34 40 14 1 43 4 1 7 1 1 1 3 7 1 3 5 <t5 8 6 5 39North 23 Weber 14 1 1 7 3 18 10 2 3 4 7 4 4 4 22 3 1- 14 8 52 b 24Oneida 11 6 55 3 7 5 48 8 7 24 9 7 6 4 5 3 2 5 7 6 30 12 26Oquirrh 6,1 92 5 80 1 1 2 58 26 2 2 3 12 2 9 8 6 7 49 12 65 4 16 5 3 3 2 3 4 54 7 16 39

Panguiteh 6 4 2 4 11 12 26 5 9 2 2 2 3 3 15 7 2 33 34 4 4

Parowan M. G. V. G.

11 4 30 64 8 8 39 10 6Pioneer 8 18 7 37 37 52 4 5 4 36 20 4 11 5 6 24 1 9 9 4 6 62 34 89 23 10 6Pocatello 8 25 54 13 85 78 9 9 10 7 5 8 6 44 9 2 9 8 1 5 2 4 6 6 4 2 17Raft River 4 4 11 1 9 15 18 4 9 8 13 4 2 8 21 18 9 7 3 1 2 1 1 44

St. Johns 6 3 6 1 1 2 1 20 16 31 2 4 2 1 2 2 2 19 5 12 12 2 14 25 3 5 4

Salt Lake 13 7 13 2 6 6 12 127 32 175 47 29 8 7 10 12 7 4 10 77 62 21 2 5 91 112 13 H

San Francisco 10 10 4 9 54 13 44 10 7 7 5 6 3 4 17 23 2 4 17 24 26 11 10 10

San Luis 4 3 2 28 14 34 4 8 2 2 3 1 2 2 12 1 1 3 3 3 9 7 14 12 3 7 4 3 22 9Sharon 13 10 1 4 8 16 6 4 4 1 4 6 2 10 H 9 2Shelley 9 9 2 7 78 24 7 9 14 20 2 3 3 46 2 2 10 5 2 5 6 1 5 6 36 2 4 3 4 25 5 5

Fi 8 6 7 7 7 "l20........ 15065 6 21 25 DavisSouth 10 2 2 6 68 59 6 26 15 3 6 6

7 6 3 2 3 1 6 1South Sanpete 4 6 6 7

South Sevier 8 6 6 6 21 16 46 7 4 3 2 2 3 3 2 25 14 19 81 18 44 61 27 7 ftfi

Star Valley 11 8 6 5 18 15 59 13 11 5 6 5 5 4 21 14 5 5 19 25 22 8 8

Tooele 10 4 1 3 12 10 16 3 4 2 2 1 2 2 2 16 6 2 44

Twin Falls 10 4 "4 28 4 "2 71 495 362 36 191 151 7 7 7 7 5 7 6 451 24 9 3 25 42 30 27 27

Utah 9 9 2 9 70 35 92 32 47 5 5 3 3 5 43 12 44 10 5 129 10,9 5 9 7

Wasatch 9 8 9 1 4 5 8 17 57 9 l> 9 4 1 53 20 35 2 4 70 80 2 8 8 10 8 9 2 4 7 6 81 30 127 13 14 5 3 3 1 4 1 2 24 16 10 2 4 34 30

California Mission 428'13 307 6 126 13 222 115 88 119 42 40 7 6 6 4 5 2 54 1711 125 56 1021 1481 1996 90 29 37

Northwestern 22 14 8 13 64 40 55 22 21 6 7 5 3 4 24 43 68 9 56 82 94 25 12 1?

North Central 8 3 1 1 3 1 1 5 3 1 509 250 405 2,898 1,416 3,341 844 839|223 230 169] 76 187 26 221 1,791 1,035 8871373 610 2,520 3,167 449 439 370

It is rather encouraging to study the above report and note the acnumber of reading course books read during the M. I, A. season by

complishments of M. I. A. in some of the activities during the past our membership. The Life of Brigham Young, Singing in the Rain

sixtythree 2520 2167 and report includesyear. This

gives popular—1035,of course, a only 509 wards and branches. representingporting, stakes Weand askfourformissionsthe numberreandrespectivelyLarry seemhavingto beenhave beenread. theThismostreport,

of people having reached "A"Standard and received recognition at the small part of the many fine things accomplished by the Stakes and activvarious the splendid supappreciate will in the given reporting. work note the totals Missions and loyal Days. You Honor WeWard

in the officers Standard participated Church reached con- 2,898 port of our "A"and members throughoutities. and and For example,

drama; 3, 341 in music, etc. We are particularly pleased with the gratulate you upon your wonderful accomplishments.

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 565 [George WashingtonContinuedpage from520

still equally honorfascin- Anecdotes, his Curious of Weems, Washington Biographies edition to able to himself its style exemplary and and ates the reader with lifeCINCE W. L. Weems, selfstyled its stories. Indeed, it is for Amerhis young countrymen,—A

"former Rector of Mount Vericans one of the most interesting of how useful to his country led!

non Parish"(there was no such literary curiosities. How loved! while living! how reparish) sat down to write a "best vered! now dead! Lisp! lisp! his

seller"on Washington, men have "pVERY biographer must take a name, ye children yet unborn! And

busied themselves each year pubpoint of view. Weems reprewith like deeds your own great

lishing to the world facts or fancies sents an extreme and a comparison names adorn,"etc., etc., and "he

concerning Washington's days upof his title page with that of a turns all the actions of Washington on this earth. The Weems book modern biography at the other exto the encouragement of virtue, by

appeared in 1800 and has since retreme is interesting. Weems gives a careful application of numerous

appeared in nearly a hundred edinot only a title but a eulogy: "The exemplifications drawn from the

tions. Various editions, after a- Life of George Washington, with conduct of the founder of our rebout the eighth, were "greatly impublic from his earliest life."The

proved"and "embellished."The modern title page says little but,

improvement no doubt was the supported by a statement on the addition of anecdotes and stories book jacket, implies much which, according to the author, "George Washington, the Image were "Too valuable to be lost and and the Man,""from this book too true to be doubted,"stories there emerges a figure that the "communicated"to him by some reader is bound to feel is the real "excellent lady."The most faGeorge Washington, at last, freed

mous of these anecdotelegends is of the glamorous fiction with the cherry treehatchet story. A which romantic historians have instory which, discarded as fact, vested him."

clings on with great vitality as a During the past two or three supposed incident in the young life decades, since muckraking became of our country's father. Parson the fashion in biography, authors

Weems also had ideas of his own have cared or dared go after George about the illustrations which "emWashington with muck rake in bellished"the later editions of his hand. Of the hundreds of writers

book. He suggested, for instance, who have taken Washington as a

that the illustrator when drawing theme, beginning with and even battle scenes give the soldiers a bit before the voluminous work of more fierceness of countenance and John Marshall, practically all asshow the colonial troops in scenes sumed the idealistic and eulogistic of victory rather than in retreat. point of view and wrote biogra-

"Quick and clean"sales of his phies "exemplary to his young book seem to have interested the countrymen."The eulogist had

parson a great deal more than acfew obstacles for precious little has curacy of record. His own conbeen discovered in the details of

fession about the sale of books reWashington's life, private or pubminds one of a modern bookselllic, that need to be gilded or overer's lamentation. Weems writes to Lake Mary looked to avoid clouding the perhis printer that "there is nothing (Brighton, Utah) fect portrait of a great man. By

I so dread as dead stock, dull sales"the same token the muckraker must while as he put it, "quick and By Gladys Ann Wagstaff strain himself somewhat to put clean sales"meant "heavy pockets, DOISED like a jewel in a crown of down in uncontestable print someand light hearts."Nothing, there- * pines thing provocative or shocking a-

fore, was too good to go into the Worn on the brow of earth, bout the weaknesses of the first biography. The dream of George's EmeraldgreenRose-gray atbeneaththe day'snoondaychill birth.sun, president. Immoderate eulogists

mother "which an excellent old in certain instances have spread

Lady of Fredericksburg assured"Calm, when the moon leaps up from the their praises so thick as to make crags he prig, related a heard often she which by seem had Washingtonhim starlit sky's pathway, shimmerTo the greatly thereby Ball have mother, andGeorge's Washwas not, Mary 'na'.

estias the story well as hatchet cloyed our evenington, us and lips the with Touching shadowy bored wave were among those "improvements forms mate of him. On the other hand,

Of the the vilify reputation of mirrored pines'silvered glimthose although to valuabletoo be lost,"who mering; arouse our renot reader perhaps a nobleto the modern may man

"too true to be doubted."But reaching out for the sheltering shore sentment, shock our sensibilities or

But in spite of the fiction disWhen the wildwinged things at the even stir our wrath. Neither exsatisfies us. clergystory-telling have both But in the tremecovered

small things hide they in that a useful purpose served and in spiteman's little book of Cry challenge—andaway,morn

the approximately one thousand And wavelips from pine shadows are have stimulated seasoned and fairother biographies of Washington torn! minded scholars to write somethat have appeared since the first thing reliable. For the life of

566 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

Washington all that is required is terpreters, such as Bernard Fay among provinces, the indecision, truth coupled with fairness to cre- (pronounced fah ee) kindle in and vagueness as to just what they ate in the hearts of the American their readers the fire of love they would have if they could, the lack people a deep gratitude and love are contributing something new. of training for warfare, the scantifor his devotion to a cause that And if the American people form ness of wherewith to carry on a

gave us these United States of their estimate of George Washingwar, the absence of tradition and

America. Washington, a lover of ton from biographers who tell of precedent to fall back on in retruth, would be the first to object him as he was and, as Shelby Litpeated crises, the amazing instabilto any account of him which valtle says, not about "a great Amerity of the army and the futility of

ued praise more highly than truth ican legend"they will feel that any attempt to discipline farmers and accuracy. "We may throw out after all "The man himself is inas soldiers might be disciplined,

the cherry tree story as a fabricafinitely more appeaiing... gay, the persistent temptation to yield

tion but the realization remains witty, tender, gracious, tactful, and thus avoid terrific sacrifices, that truth was one of the cornerfearless, ferocious, heroic, and, at the absence of material reward for stones of his character. Outlandhis loftiest, sublime than the dull unheard of hardships, the punishish adulations are not needed; gray bore manufactured by stupid ment of hunger and severe weather

mean insinuations or implications dullards, stogy politicians and and the tremendous inequality of factsunsupported cannot dethose of altruisms."mongers by the Even one considcontestants—when of sterling charactertract from the against asbecoming ers these on the defensive conditions he becomes

the man. too sentimental will be won over sured in his own mind of two

his faithfulness trust to a great in by Providence was things—that

his loyalty to those putV\7"ITH all that has been written and tide turning the the background who about Washington-—as solthe trust in his hands, by his genof events time after time, and that

dier,. as engineer, as farmer, as busierosity to fellowofficers and counDestiny had prepared a man fit in

ness man, as traveler, as statesman trymen, his magnanimity when othbody, character and personality for and as president still it seems that ers recriminated, his tireless activthe epochal task of establishing a

Americans have admired him more ity for his country when wearirepublican state and setting it safethan they have loved him. It is ness stultified all about him; his ly on its way. And to conclude,

possibly natural that an aristowisdom and unexcelled patience in that "for the first time in more cratic, wealthy gentleman of Virretreat and defeat, his modesty a- than fifteen centuries, the type of ginia is more to be admired than bout his own abilities, his silence hero who declined supreme power loved by people who have pioand perhaps most of all his wholeand wished to command only to love for the land of Amersocial dehearted politicalneered in and Silently serve and was exemplified.

ica his in ultimate faith the and Washington's thatmocracy, and a unhesitatingly, in he succeeded success liberty. for struggle her oftraditional aristocracy his wealth,

and his dignity, interpreted as coldthing which the most intrepid reness, have been obstacles to our unTX/"HEN one considers the state formers of his day had not dared reserved affection although they of affairs in the Colonies to attempt. He became one of the

have not prevented great veneraduring all the years of the Revospiritual leaders of his country and the world."tion. When, therefore, recent inlution—the lack of coordination of

>- lOegsf The Oregon Trail—Continuedpage from558

most beautiful and understanding picwaved slowly up and down, as if the beast was prowling, a bird singing, or ture here: tree had life. Looking for a while a leaf fluttering, that might not tend

"After advancing for some time, at the old man, I was satisfied that he to direct his destiny, or give warning

I conceived myself to be entirely was engaged in an act of worship, or of what was in store for him; and he

alone; but coming to a part of the prayer, or communion of some kind watches the world of nature around

glen in a great measure free of trees with a supernatural being. I longed him as the astrologer watches the stars.

and undergrowth, I saw at some disto penetrate his thoughts, but I could So closely is he linked with it that tance the black head and red shouldo nothing more than conjecture and his guardian spirit, no unsubstantial ders of an Indian among the bushes speculate. creation of the fancy, is usually emabove. The reader need not prepare "I knew that though the intellect bodied in the form of some living

himself for a startling adventure, for of an Indian can embrace the idea of thing: a bear, a wolf, an eagle, or a

I have none to relate. The head and an allwise, allpowerful Spirit, the serpent; and MeneSeela, as he gazed

shoulders belonged to MeneSeela, my supreme Ruler of the universe, yet his intently on the old pinetree, might best friend in the village. As I had mind will not always ascend into believe it to enshrine the fancied guide

approached noiselessly with my moccommunion with a being that seems and protector of his life."

casined feet, the old man was quite to him so vast, remote, and incompreWhatever was passing in the old unconscious of my presence; and turnhensible; and when danger threatens, Indian's mind, Parkman did not dising to a point where I could gain an when his hopes are broken, and turb him, but withdrew quietly and

unobstructed view of him, I saw him trouble overshadows him, he is prone returned to camp.

seated alone, immovable as a statue, to turn for relief to some inferior This classic has been published in among the rocks and trees. His face agency, less removed from the ordinaryan extremely attractive edition with

was turned upward, and his eyes scope of his faculties. He has a guarlavish illustrations by Farrar and Rineseemed riveted on a pinetree springdian spirit, on whom he relies for hart. It appeared as a Junior Literary

ing from a cleft in the precipice above. succor and guidance. To him all naGuild selection for older girls last

The crest of the pine was swaying to ture is instinct with mystic influence. year. Trade edition $3.00.and fro in the wind, and its long limbs Among those mountains not a wild—Karl E. Young, B. Y. U.

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 567

4James E. Talmage Corttinuedpage from525

elsewhere, and doing it in an origfar East, from the Steppes of Siberia. 1 scope, queer things from strange landstheir early at in the light the parts unfamiliar ore of write of dawn, and own,inal superior the and way. When glints seen the to of precious opposite could be an which on in which hour you

record his life one of is written crystals, is rocks, lime metals, side of the earth the specimens of Sabbath same hour of the most charming and fascinatat which one short year ago, you came to formations and other unusual, though nating chapters will be the one nargladden our hearts, and to call forth our ural pecularities, all were regular parts rating the little things of his home prayersyour sweetof thankfulness;mother reachedthe hourthe depthsat whichof ofhis thefamily.hours which this man spent with

so contribute which the valley the Valley as shadowy knownlife—things certainty that "Later the exhe could satisfaction the of to fearlessly joy gone and she Death, of whithermuch had plain problems simple and them make

great child. to find the you, But my lettersliving. are intimate There fields carried into other over than the

is is ours, as Father, parent your who He geological. physical Questions andto a children his grandchildren, of and

the guided through guarded her and vital nature were and propounded occasions their as such baptismson the darkness, led threatening along her and life of death, of and untilor recovery, she birthdays moreclarified—questions painful of path rough accompanying some people they where came from where and

travail, the the pain emerged and from gift. letters reappropriate These going, find were to valtrue the of how

sanctified a once mother, you, with more life. ues faith Implicit his in of answersveal side his nature the tender of Darling, jewel to an added her crown. my to helped ideas explained take the them a nature. tender has very heand the completed of year one your May their adolescent into philand weave

life first care the of each bringing be of taken he has many, whichThe these children, of osophy. Some now

increasing goodness and growing wisdomhis their children in infancy feel and that present can grown, no problem in service blessthe of the our God. May itself satisfactorily be which cannot met by is scientificin sickness not only ings pronounced the upon you power by failed the never has them when man who efficient tender. soulful butand and all eternal the realized of priesthood in be they father."needed help—their

life live your be and to work. you May this years Fortyfour June ago

feet, sisterly brothers'a to guide and your he married Booth, Mary May a a to the has comfort mother whom God interests, his the of breadth HPHE to given to the in me. youdaughter of and Richard Thornton And

his. of penetration reach and time Lord's due an you be crowned may Elsie of andBooth Booth Edge

Israel. the capacity memory, of his the in honored mother mind, of HouseAlpine, sympathetic Utah, a most Peace, happiness the love that and knowfelicity the his industry, matchless of companionableand woman yours, eth darling good, but be naught my himself, expresses he with which pride. andtransparent of unhonesty my and

delightfully companionmake him intellectual capacity,usual. who Affectionately, at place able or and time any any to perseemed almost complement father. Your accurgive an the time same him

life distinguishedfectly the of her leaves ferns, I send blossoms, of directness you a and of acy and thought a- shehusband. kept has That for gathered of you Songoon the slopes in part, for accounts, action that

affairsbreast of combined mak. and accomplishments. his prodigious

successful and withhomemaking is posdoes than humanly more He Elsie daughter, service Talmagevaluable public and HPHIS Church has; do. sible to for He most men

is in attested excellent associate editor Brandley, of work by her all to night and been work knownthe her this during referring European Mission magazine, to him, in the task regular his go mornto there said:sojourn husband, her with ing without rest or relaxation, andher thirtyeight years of helpful

are enhis due achievements so not earliest chilhis the of "From memoryservice of the General Board on tirely to imperial to but mind an a E. dren James Talmage was man who Ladies'ImproveMutualYoung

everything,'could 'knew explain will most and the to determined work. He Association, other simment and it least of at a partially in to be way greatest Jesus his work, unproduced

ilar been work. has union derstood This minds. Questions by immature

all the the manuis as to of, thunder what where made Christ—writingblessed children, eight seven with

in read hand, and proof long is script from, water comes the high sky how all Salt survive, in bornof whom it is it blue, others and and in less numerous press issued why the than from

B., B., PaulLake of similar character never were with met City—Sterling caryear. time a he same At the

aElsie, Lucile, K., quiet.'Helen weary there be James 'Do Always was ried his regular of work. on much a carefully explanation worded which is It B. and Talmage. JohnMay

an unusually talented family. helped to clear up the puzzle. On September 21 next he wilr

children this was a boon. "To Conpre- His love and admiration for the fidence in the clear their be seventy years of age—while understanding of

woman whose wisdom and comfather and his ability to make things plain siding over the European Mission inaccident he to which met feeling them a strong was part of the topanionship have meant so much his sons which and daughters for held in his jured he is his affection his childrenhim, for withknee—otherwisean him. and'his health, keen sound mind solicitude their for welfare,and his

little fascinating "Strange and bugs vigorous and working at highis recorded in a correspondence were to them shown through a microspeed.which, will some day we venture,

be found among the most precious Dr. James E. Talmage has a suand delightful things he has writperior intellect, a pure and a conten. We are permitted to use a trite heart, a radiant faith, a saneletter written from Siberia nearly and lofty idealism, a clear underthirty-five years ago: standing of the meaning and purFor Elsie, in Mamma's care. poses of life. He has achieved'

Kychtym, Siberia, Russiain-Asia, splendidly in the world. His life

August 16, 1897. reflects credit upon his name and

Elsie, My Darling Daughter: his people and has added strengtb

A father's fondest greeting to you on and majesty to the great Church tothis the first recurrence of your natal day. which he has given a consecrated;

Such I send to you from the plains of the allegiance.

568 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

4{This Bear Business Continuedpage from538 one leisurely. Jerry still walked about grizzly bears of which I slowly along the road ahead of me,

rather guess that he was a might could relate stories to satisfy any turning his head now and then to worried about the affair. "I'll give grown up boy. I had watched stare at me.

yuh fifty dollars if yuh can get them hundreds of times in one role "Here goes,"I muttered, my him in three days."or another, but never as a trapper. heart, hammering excitedly in my

I hated to confess my ignorance. breast.

I threw with a wide loop. It

JESS had driven me settled easily over the great aniout to his ranch the same morning. Nervousness is mal's neck. He looked startled.

failings, but one when of my saddle in the fear, and not I was noon frenzied withBy My horse, next the forth I sallied to my trap not more than to go. It wasready a jerk that the rope with tightened

an hour's traveling until I came morning I was almost trembling yanked Jerry back into a snarling to the site of Jerry's crime, as Jerry with fits of apprehension. Fortustruggling mass of fighting anito go too Jess nately busy wasit be. to foot I freeing proved mal. jumped, my

herder his I passed me. with a kick, stirrup and with the from yerself. fer see can yuh "Now the ranch miles three from some feet all ten fours about landed on it slaughter.that has been some a Idaho fellow from who young Jerry the indignant who from is got these three that heThere his eating just was reason. all sense lost of He hadlast pig he's sort of night. a And trap was jerked almost My his in claws and dug breakfast.empty—unlittle it bit all. eats aabout Only touched. feet. his horse from my kills he another."thenand

In three days time Jerry never

Jess was what you might call came near either my trap or Jess's irritable. relief sheep. In ways many a tremengave J,J ERRY in that mind, uppermost was I the best "I'll I can,"told it mywas dp unhurt by apparently pull,* dous

I at being felt chagrined again but bears. I "Ihim. But know am gripped that noose the tightening

as lacking animal an so completely a trapper. of tonot much Used gelding, every his throat. The

at Jess with looked expert. little me coyotes a such. withdo and horstricken with a taut, muscle

his in hard, derision it goodhumored to grizcomesBut when beast, the fear rible maddened of * * *"eyes. brightzlies a plunged. was There leaped and

He winked one eye reassuringly I had 'given up in despair and ripping sound of bursting cinches.

and rode off at a gallop, leaving was returning to West Yellow- I was helpless to do more than the old of stone Army by way I that had wishing almost watch, with ratherme a problem on my nervrather a or horse, My for Jess's pleading tohands. succumbed capture a Road. do you How

I borrowed that had ous gelding varmint. the shoot to if I alive?grizzly A strugonly me had Now in a Jess, manbehaving was from a of the might grizzly with I gling dogs. goodsome But had no

dogs. ner most exasperating. He would thousand or so pounds of flesh

stone, at shy away is efforts awesome an his everything—a behind I set to inclosure in an on work noise from imaginary leaf, a or an confusion a splitting spectacle. In

littlea cluster a hollow where either of on pine growth the heavy one horse dashed way of sound mypines like stood 'round friendly side. saddle the another, Jerry andonlookers. a hours'After few work in road. a the turn made mile We behind. along A bumpingwith an attempt ax began if as my horse under bounded me to The he had I where found further on

likelook a cabin. miniature log his off shot over a been had cannon that noose the removed somehow a figure the four onlyAs was ten away, yards There, not head. grievance. such caused him hadfall I that familiar was if I with as soon along Jerry ambling old was

had a sliding door arrangement set there was nothing in the wide precariously upon my delicately world to worry about. His small About a month later I met the

balanced four. For a while I worbeady eyes blinked slowly with the Supervisor at Old Faithful, and inried about the possibility of his friendly spirit of a comrade in quired after Jerry.

touching off the trap before he was arms. I could guess that he was "Did you shoot him?"I asked.

well into the inclosure. So I reset headed back to the Park to take up "No;"he answered. "He's still

side after his criminal way, and in all probaround. He has been rather wellmy "four"upon one1

placing a good sized piece of sheep ability to get shot. behaved this past month and we

meat upon the trigger. I rested are putting it off as long as posfor a while looking at my handisible. Kind of hate to kill the old

into brute. But what can we do?"work, feeling somehow that I was AN idea leaped

as rope not him brain.to my Why work was my amexperience I told about him fail—that my steer! a rope one my might To Iateurish. racked brains my Jerry. with Manila old tied an saddle wasagain. falling. Night Stars was heartily. long and laughed He stout. it was rope, but My beginningwere at hemp to twinkle down I pleaded. a break,""Give bit. him at the straining horse was humorously.me

like is a pal effort to me. particular Jerry "Old Jerry no made

Back at the ranch house Jess to elude me. He might have been Why I have known him for

smoked his pipe as if the job were performing for a crowd of touryears."

already accomplished. After eatists. My rope was out but there He winked. And I left Jerry

ing, he began to ask me questions was no knot for my noose. I tied to the uncertainty of the future.

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 569

The ScarContinuedpage from531

flour togave Black half meat and some century since had passed A decide a thing on i O so himself. he'd behave that his January morningHawk when

slid to act. He the with Joe was they nine of brought out axe tree glancedThen had the he from

chiefs back with 'em and I heard of his nestlike bed and hurried was chopping and cut an artery

President Young tell Dimick down the ladder. He knew exactly in his foot. Fred had taken him

Huntington to tell the Injuns he'd what he wanted. In the darkness home where attics were scoured for

be ready to talk business with 'em of the lower barn his hands cobwebs to stop the flow of blood, as soon as ma had got 'em all fed."fumbled over the top of the big but when it became apparent that

"Gosh, I wish we could watch grain box. Quickly he selected a no known lore of the small town

'em. Was they eatin'when you dry corn cob from the heap encould entirely staunch the red

left?"countered. stream, Fred's mouth set in grim

"Yep.""Forgot my knife,"he muttered lines.

"I believe there must be some and with swift catlike movements "I'm going to snowshoe over way,"and it was Joe's plan that scaled the ladder. to Logan and get a doctor."

finally had made it possible for the Fred moved uneasily in his sleep Fourteen hours later he stagboys to see the thrilling spectacle and threw out an arm. Suddenly gered in from thirty miles of conenacted a short distance from their he sat bolt upright. "Where in tinuous travel; but it was the next

leafy hiding place. heck are you, Joe?"day before Joe was conscious of his

"Fixin'a peace pipe for us to arrival or of the grisly wound smoke,"Joe the answered from fall left his a across cheek, by last the position he taken man had the big by WHEN tree, or of pine against a gnarled peace pipe the in and the opening thehad smoked front the of barn.

little doctor probably the who thePresident other white over Fred the and came men from mound lives boys. the of saved both the retired the to house of hay. Sleep andhad dropped had from

featherdecked redmen had glided him like an outworn garment.silently into their wigwam, the "What you goin'to use for the WHEN the haze had

two boys slid quietly down the tree stem?"finally lifted and Joe realized just

and started toward the hay barn "A strip of my bamboo fishm'what that trip meant to him and where Joe slept. pole."to Fred, too, he put out a hand,

"Wish we could a heard what waxen from the loss of blood, and they said,"Fred whispered. Together the boys tried to thank his pal.

"They was swearin'friendship. went to the woodshed for it and "Shut your mouth, Joe. You

It makes you feel kinda funny the presently the two nocturnal prowlhaven't got enough strength to way they acted all so solemnlike. ers had finished their task. throw rocks on old Pete's porch."

I'll bet it would be an awful thing "Now for the matches. I'll get That memory always made him

so he long since had the themif from house while their promise,"any of 'em broke you uncomfortable it. against his learned to close mind gather of some Iucern those dryJoe climbed whispered they back as

it out now.the ladder that led to the hay loft. leaves and mash 'em up fine."He shut

A few moments later two boy- "Call out to Fred?"he thought,

ish forms were silhouetted in the and a sardonic smile twisted his till h r RED was asleep alsquare window of the hayloft. lips. "Not I. Not

most as soon as his head touched "Raw heels and bloody bones freezes over."

the hay but Joe lay thoughtful and who wants us come and get us,"He brought out a slender platquiet without any inclination to they chanted solemnly together, "if inum watch. Almost time. He

leave a state of consciousness we ain't true to each other forever glanced about. Though the seats

fraught with so many interesting and forever."appeared filled the aisles were still

fancies. The moon was high and That had set a seal upon a moving streams.

brilliant. Her weird light flooded friendship which in the ensuing Someone was pushing in on the

the face of the towsledheaded boy twelve years nothing had marred. seat ahead, an old gentleman asat his side. It gave him a strange, Through their adolescence they sisted by an usher and a plainly

ethereal expression. Joe rememhad shared alike in the hardships clad woman. As he took his seat

bered the pitiful look he had caught and joys of their pioneer life. Tohis cane fell to the floor and rolled

on his chum's face when he had gether they tilled the fields in back. Immediately a young girl

ignored Fred's overtures toward a spring and summer, hunted deer in sitting next to Judge Halsom reconciliation. Something big and the autumn, and in the winter cut picked it up and handed it back.

unexplainable stirred in Joe's heart. and hauled logs with their ox As the old man turned to thank

He loved this boy beside him teams in nearby canyons. her Judge Halsom felt that queer

loved him better than any human nerve shock again. This was the

being save his widowed mother, long arm of coincidence. Fred

and yet he had found a cruel pleas- J UDGE Halsom stirMontague on the seat ahead!

ure in hurting him. red a trifle in his seat. There was

"I ain't never goin* to do it a memory of one certain winter eyes of the twoagain,"he promised himself, "and that he couldn't recall even yet men met. THERecognition dawned

what's more, I'm goin'to swear without a strange lifting of the slowly in the face of the man friendship to him like the Injuns heart. It was this memory that ahead. Judge Halsom felt, rather

did to Fred's pa and the other men had prompted him to call out than saw, an instinctive gesture of gesture tonight."when he had seen the scarred face. Fred's hand toward him—a

570 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

that died immediately in the presAcross the back of the stage now ence of the other's stony gaze. For he saw the pioneers leaving for the

a full minute two pairs of eyes long trek ahead across the trackless measured each other silently, old plains. A frail, sunbonneted woeyes that gradually sharpened with one to some and waved manEXTRA hate anger and and then without she in the was turneddistance—someone

each face his turned a word leaving. man husher stalwart Gently

away. band took her arm and sought to COPIES

Judge Halsom took a deep lead her on, but still she stood and breath. That sight of Fred's face waved. Finally, with reluctant

before he entered the building steps she joined the band ahead was fortunate. It had given him whose faces shone with impassiontime to get hold of himself. No ed rapture.

silly sentimentalism was going to The poignancy of that one brief break down a vow that had already little drama left Judge Halsom usheld good an ordinary lifetime, ing his handkerchief audibly and a vow that had been made on these unashamed. That woman who

very Tabernacle grounds. bared her breaking heart in a backIn their far off youth Joe, a naward glance and a wave of her frail

tural skeptic in matters of the hand might well have been his spirit, had deliberately chosen readown mother. Those people singings and associates during his two ing, "Come, come ye Saints,"

years'study of law in the East that were his people, say what he had intensified his belief regarding would. Out of their strength had

religion. come his own strength.

the during one was 1 T felt identity his LIE brief vacation he allowed had himutter- lips theirs, his mingle with self that he had met Fred here in ing the words of their song, his suffering at their or liftheart tornFrequently some article or story hisSaltfriend'sLake. mentalAnxioushorizon,to broadenhe had achievement. at their pride ing in

in a magazine will so appeal to a set out with the highhandedness And in the midst of his exultation of to break youth down what he it endover. Pageant was was The reader that he is eager to have shackles."religious "Fred's termed shakaudience ed. vast was The

spell. Peoitself free the ing from

stirred him. about relatives and friends enjoy it yearsFredin himself,the Britishfreshmissionfrom twomet ple and moved

with him. He will be loath to these onslaughts with an impaHe came back to reality with a

suddenly and astonishment jerk ofsend them his own magazine for thattiencematchedfor thehisother'sown. viewpointIt was inlonely! heartsick, and old, he felt

trouble that should strughe had for which thing fear that he will not get it back. evitable result. The far beyond were swept Soon they to turned had so hard gled

We are making it possible for their moorings. Hot words led to in his mouth. He was cheated,ashes

hot rejoinders. Soon they were bereft. The best things were long

bitterly.such readers to t secure extra quarreling since gone.

copies of The Improvement Era "Blind, ignorant, bigoted! You Far down the aisle Fred Monthat blot out your shadows walk in with the along tague was borne

scorned. light,"Joeeven though it is not sold on own of humanity. tide slowmoving scathing mockery, more More see the scar could Judge Halsom of the tapestry slashing intonews stands. words and more, cheek. his on A moment their friendship. be gone. too, he, would

traitor to are your copies a secure of this, ownYou "You may were spectators the Suddenly

I'll never people, Joe Halsom. man, of sight an old the startled at of otheror any The number again."to speak you all the bearing dressed, impeccably

ever if I forgive me God "May as so long EraImprovement suddenly of culture, physical marks let you."jostle and push and turn madmancopies last by addressing they parted. So strength with unbelievable them

in an effort to break through their it was that he saw When of music ranks. A CRASH of a without word impossible, consciHalsom's The tugged at Judge

a began and he left them, apology the curtains in great ousness. The

back's the overImprovement ERA clambering rapid were Tabernacle of the west end 47 East South Temple St., slowly sweeping aside. The of the benches. His old voice rose

gorgeous spectacle of the Creation in an excited cry, "Fred! Fred

Salt Lake City, Utah unfolded before him. Episode afMontague. Wait for me! It's Joe

ter episode in the Gospel's plan of Halsom."

Price 20c each, postpaid salvation swept before him, breathAnd down by the east door of taking in the gorgeousness of its the Tabernacle Fred Montague setting and costume. heard the voice and waited.

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 571

Camping Continuedpage from535 has its own emphasis and the name a special belt decoration is given to In closing, may I urge upon all is of real help in working out the them. i leaders to plan their camp proprogram."For example during A "Hobo Outing"adds zest to grams in advance, to meet as far as

Indian Week, the program consists the regular routine. The hot meal possible every opportunity as it

of songs, Indian dances, ceremonhas been served at noon and the presents itself. Arrange these plans

ies making torn toms, moccasins, supper consists of cold tasties in a note book under songs, bows and arrows, practicing archwhich can be packed in a bandana stunts, campfire programs, greetery and other skills, using special handkerchief or colored cloth. The ings, rainy day activities, and the

menus, wearing costumes and endcorners are tied and fastened over like. Whenever a new item is dising with a big "Pow Wow."the end of a stick three feet long covered, add it to whatever diviCertainly the unusual happenwhich each camper gets for himself. sion it belongs, and then as time

ing or mysterious quest plays an With the campers dressed in "hogoes on you will be the kind of a important part in making the day's bo"regalia and carrying their food leader who can help campers get fun more alluring. Among these pack over their shoulders the outthe most out of their camping exwe might list the following: Camp ing begins. After much adventure perience.

tradition ceremony, Topsy turvy on the trail they arrive at an open day, the reunion or getto-gether, space which previously has beencamp banquet for the old campers, selected, a fire is made and food "The Passion Play"—Movie

field sports with style. for all, paeaten in real day hobo The eveletter written from a [EXCERPTS treasuregeants hunts. stories and with ning ends around the *-* R. Lyman, by Dr. Richard

The camp tradition ceremony campfire. member of the quorum of the Twelve,a

tells the camper through dramato the booking agent of the moving tization the story of the queer lit- V\7"ITH this threefold endeavor picture, "The Passion Play,"is selftle people who long ago dwelt in of programing, each day's explanatory:

this hollow or the big Indian chief activities should be chuck full of "It is a pleasure to me to say that and his tribe who years ago pitchfun and adventure. I saw this picture as it was presented

tepees, killed and I enjoyed it theired City their game in Salt Lake in for a rainy happen If you * * * tremendously. spot very and paddledon this period don't be discourtheir camping

canoes in the clear waters of our aged. Be flexible and change the "I not only recommend the play,

lake or stream. Every Camp Diprogram to meet the weather conbut urge all who have an opportunity

rector should seek authentic inditions. If the weather is warm to do so to see it.

formation about the campsite and and a strenuous physical program "It is always a pleasure to have an surrounding territory. This hishas been planned change to more opportunity of recommending anytoric data is invaluable in estabrestful pastimes, such as crafts, thing so worthy and deserving as this

lishing a worthwhile traditional reading, storytelling and writing excellent picture.

ceremony. the camp log. All weather is good Very truly yours,

camping weather. Richard R. Lyman."

"pHE "Good Indian Call"has been a tradition in one camp and met with marked success. According to the tradition an Indian

by the name of "Two Feathers"Education at It's Best years the over agoroamed

is woods BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY located.where the camp now

"Two Feathers"died years ago A wellbalanced education along with specialized training. It aims at producand his spirit, though in the happy ing truly educated Men and Women. It is governed by L. D. S. Educational

hunting grounds is watching over ideals.

the camp. When things run

smoothly through the day, when 1. Fully Accredited.

every camper does his part and strives his best to make the day a 2. Excellent Faculty.

successful one, the spirit of "Two 3. Adequate Equipment.

Feathers"is happy and at the close of the day just before the campers 4. Library of 75,000 volturn in for the night, he signifies umes.

his approval by calling from some distant point. Sometimes the call 5. Most Economical.

is faint and far away, other times Registration for:

it is louder but it always comes if Alpine Summer the day has been a successful one. School, July 25.

The campers reply to the call of

Two Feathers and his final answer Autumn Quarter, "U-He-K e e t. h-H a-M e, U-HeSept. 23.

KeethHa-Me"translated means Heber J. Grant Library

"You been good to me."If the

campers hear the call a certain Address Inquiries To BrighatTl Young University Provo, Utah number of times during the season 572 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

Nothing Ventured—Nothing

Your Opportunity Continued from Gained page 527 EXCEL-CIS SCHOOL OF

BEAUTY CULTURE It all dated back to that school wasn't possible to drop gracefully 221223 West Temple South Salt Lake City, Utah dance when they were Sophoon to a hard wooden couch which

The most efficient teachers mores. Carmen remembered the sloped from its head only a foot

equipment, Latest and every convenisensation Phil had created at the from the floor down to the floor ence for of students. the advancement

25% Reduction on Tuition beginning of the Sophomore year itself. The silken draperies might

paid on Commissions work after the when he came in, a stranger from make it look sumptuous to the fourth month

Centers in 45 States a larger school. His football had audience but they didn't relieve the

Fill in Coupon, for further information brought him into the limelight hardness of the wood any.

during the first two weeks of Phil looked as if he positively

Name school and before a month was enjoyed coming in to tell her that

AddresAddress over his popularity in all fields was he and his companions were leavassured. ing in spite of her pleas, and it

She had been nice to him, as was hard to make her entreaties everyone else was, and he had convincing. She would love the

seemed to like her until that evepart if he didn't act so personal ning when she innocently refused about it.

a dance with him because she had it with Stan Gray. And then JL/ICK'S praise on the

Stan hadn't put in appearance and way home partially restored her she had to cover up the slight by confidence in herself. "Gee, Carm,

going to the dressing room with I'm proud of my girl. You're

one of the girls. But she hadn't a knockout. Only I get a little

been able to get away before Phil jealous of your handing out all saw her and he had been as mean that persuasion to Phil. If I didn't

as dirt to her ever since. Told know you dislike him I would

Miriam that he wasn't used to think you were crazy about him having girls snub him and no one or you couldn't act the part so Penetrates here could get away with it. well."

to every metal a "Well,little bitthatofsoundsdramaticas if ability,I have dryly. answered she that cared Dick,"Carmen NOT

herself. personal feelings toward working part* for his friendship, told she "But my

are the same as ever, only it him so."more 000 Protects your Shewas neverdisconcertinglacked forto beaux,have onebut of

motor theignoremostyoupopularfor twofellowsandin aschoolhalf "Well,Dick that'slaughedone bozoappreciatively.I don't

years. And then Miss Williams have to be afraid of taking you

had given them the leads in the away from me. Say, I sure hate

Senior play. Carmen had thoughtCONOCO that maybe, having to play the

GERM PROCESSED part of her lover, he would sort of snap out of it off the stage. But PARAFFIN BASE he still acted as if she didn't exist.

"Here is your cue, Carm,"DickMOTOR OIL knocked hastily on the dressing room door. "Up and at 'em,

shoulder her patted out. hurried BE INDEPENDENT Dido."comfortinglyHe as she

No Other Vocation So Profitable! "You're great. You will knock ENROLL NOW at the 'em cold tomorrow night."Course For a Complete

Dick was always a comfort.

Quish School of Beauty Culture She could play a wonderful lead opposite him.

The Best in the West 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. She drew herself up to her full

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH height, and swept regally on tos.\ ss. For Further Information the stage. She always felt, tho,

4% and Catalog Call that some of her dignity was lost 55%. 7560x>: o* Wasatch seated. Reclining in getting on "-... "*"... ""-... Fill in This K 5% these couches absurd was always '"-.. '"--.., 54. Coupon.C>. "'"---.

difficult and especially so tonight with a long satin train to manage. V sit on *-.. Why didn't Carthaginians

chairs like moderns? It simply

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 573

to take you right home tonight, liberately tried to win him over. waves. Her mind was busy with

but Miss Williams made us promCould she ido ijt? Could (she? tactics of approach to the hitherto

ise to hit the hay early. HowWhat had Eda said? Maybe it forbidden young man, but she disever, tomorrow night the whole was partly her own fault? It was carded them as fast as she thought

cast is going out on a tear after worth a try, anyway. It might of them. She would have to dethe show."save her tomorrow night. And pend on ingenuity when the opit might make things portunity presented itself. He lingered a moment on the then—oh,

steps. "Gosh, Carm, I get fidgety more pleasant for all time. It came sooner than she expectwatching Phil take you in his ed. Hurriedly turning the corner

arms."at Ninth Street, she almost collided

dressed carefully with him. It was difficult to re- "Why, Dick."She burst into uHE

laughter. "You funny child! for school the next morning. Her adjust herself after the shock of

That is purely mechanical with new rose crepe became her marmeeting as she met his cool nod him. He would as soon put his velously. A glow of excitement and uplifted hat. But this was

armsit around a wooden post as flushed her cheeks. She coaxed the time.

me. her black hair into becoming "Hello, Phil,"she said sweetly.

"All the same, I don't like it.

Well, goodnight, Sweet. See you

tomorrow."Edith came in to tell her goodnight. "How did it go, Honey?"ANNOUNCEMENT

"Absolutely punk, Eda. Thatvile Phil Messer riles me so I can't for High School and College

do myself justice."

STUDENTSbusiness subjects for high school and college students iHE older sister reClasses in garded her anxiously. "Oh, you will be conducted at the L. D. S. Business College this summer.'

mustn't fall down on your part, BusinessCourses includeCourse forFinishinghigh schoolCourseandfor collegecommercialgraduatesstudents,withoutIntensivepreviCarmen. Have you ever tried ous commercial training, beginning of regular Complete Courses leadbeing nice to him? Maybe it is ing to employment and Special Courses preparing for handling colpartly your fault."lege assignments to get best results. Summer classes attract a fine type

Carmen lay awake a long time ofClassesambitiousheld fromyoung8 a.peoplem. to with1 p. whomm. Organizedit is a pleasureplans for togymnasiumassociate.

that night. She had done poorly activities.

for the first time. It was all very

well for Dick to say she was a OFFEREDSUBJECTS Typing,Office Practice,Shorthand,Bookkeeping,Business, EnglishAcknock-out. Dick didn't have much counting, etc.dramatic sense anyway. But she c Enroll for Summer Classes on Any Monday 3

knew, without anyone's telling her, that she had never done a role L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

so poorly. And it was all because SALT LAKE CITY

of that wretched Phil Messer. She 0;

had used his own tactics until now but someway she had lost her -Hi—ii——||—!!—(I-- MmH—ii—Hi IH—M—IH—H—Nf

courage entirely tonight. He had

attentive to Marcia so been toSalt Lake City's Newest Popular Hotel night, too. tough to have It was

a fellow of his calibre ignore you.

She wasn't used to having fellows snub her, either. HOTEL

And he was so goodlooking! She pictured his tall muscular TEMPLE SQUARE

frame. She would look well with

Phil. It was always more or less i

towered—oh,a source of concernjust the because she 1 Rates—above Dick. Dick wasslightest bit | 200 Rooms $1.50 to sort of each $4.00

Conhe didn't look quite as I with Radio he—well,fat, too. Oh, not fat exactly, but nections eyes Phil's well as Phil. gray

were twinkling and tender too 1 Tile Bath for Every when they looked at other girls. Room

Wonder how it would seem to have him look at her that way.

Why, she would fall for him, of OPPOSITE GREAT MORMON TEMPLE course. Fall hard, probably. But

then there wasn't a chance of it. ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

Or was there? Suppose she de- J,—HIm iiiII 11—II—in -II II i H ill- m ii.ml II h i i ii| H—f-ll—II iti- "II II -!!—!! II II IH.

574 The Improvement Era for July, 1932

Phil's feet were carrying him were their own. The play was

on rapidly. going marvelously. The curtain imm "Oh, Phil."Nothing encourhad just gone down on Act II.

aging about him as he turned and Miss Williams put her arms waited without speaking. about Carmen with a sound that

"I forgot. I have to go this was half-a-laugh and half-a-sob.

way, too."She smiled at him "Carmen, with all your past draguilelessly. "Have to get a note matic successes, I never dreamed

book for English."you could act as well as you are

"Oh."Phil's tone was chilly, doing tonight. You are splendid,

to say the least. Stiffly he swung my dear, simply splendid."

into step with her. Phil stopped beside her groanCarmen slipped her arm chuming and holding his head. "My

mily through his and beamed up head is splitting,"he confessed.

into his face. "That darned helmet. It's agony

"You know, Phil, I was punk to wear anything so tight."

last night and I wondered if you She cooed her sympathy. "I'm

couldn't suggest how I could keep so sorry, Phil. But stick it out

from being a complete flop to- a little while longer. You are a

night."charming lover even if your head

She ignored his look of increddoes ache."

Whether it's a big job or a little ulous amazement and chattered She ran her fingers through his one, you'll get the best service on. "You play your role so marhair and thrilled at the twinkling

and the best work in our big, velously. I'll just be sick if I spoil tender look that flashed in his

modern commercial printing your effect."gray eyes.

plant. Ask our representative "Why, Carmen,"he stammered. "Gee, Carmen. You've got me

"You've been perfect yourself up guessing."He gave her arm a

to quote on your next job. until last night. I did think you little squeeze and hurried away tcr

weren't up to standard then."change.

"You know I was terrible,"she objected with a youknow-soBusiness and Personal Stationery in her soft /\CT III brought the look muchmore-than-I

Business Forms... Hand Bill* brown eyes. "I know you can play to a very successful end. And

then there enthusiastic was an... all Booklets kinds of binding give

of relatives friends me some pointers—if you crowd and will."Stationery Wedding

"Well, listen,"he was speaking swarming about the stage, coneagerly now. "I've thought all gratulating and flattering the cast.

along that your suicide scene was They had to pose for flashlight a little too casual. Can't you pep pictures. Cold cream had to be

sore at to be supposed awfully me The Dcscrct up the dramatics there? You are

I leave. Isn't because and chagrined

supposed chagrin to drive a womto desperate measures?"News Press an

29 Richards Street "I've heard that it is,"she reSalt Lake City, Utah plied with a coy pucker on her lips. "But, say, I'm giving out all the advice. I can be improved on

myself. You know the part where

I first come into?"your palace. How would you—

The Utah High School of Beauty 1HERE was a nervous

Culture flutter behind the scenes. Seniors

331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake standing here and there giggling

Learn a profession that would make nervously and waiting with shivyou independent for the rest of ery little thrills for the scenes to be for catalog. life. Write your shifted so the play could be is Allen A. Taylor, of Plain reITERE Mail this Coupon getting in the sumed; calm way of City, missionary, snapreturned

Islands shore the stage ped on of the Society standing hands; Name competent

turtle. his with Taylor Elder pet curtain of the to peer at the ends

Address excitedly out at the sea of faces broughteral pairshomeof sharktwo livejaws,sea turtles,a rare sevand pit the in to below; running pearls a valuable and some group of provide board to room and We can native jewelry shark skin. a and a final take to the peek at mirror students of out town

paintdaubed unnatural faces that

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 575

vigorously rubbed in and grease paint rubbed off. Costumes had

to be carefully hung up and arranged for tomorrow's packing. INDEX TO ADVERTISERS

With it all there was a continuThese advertisers are highclass find dependous murmur of "Hurry up, we able, worthy of your confidence and patronage.

are going to the Green Mill."Company Page

Carmen didn't want to be hurBeneficial Life Insurance Company Back Cover ried. She waved them all out, Brigham Young 'University 5 7

promising that she would be with Continental Oil Company 572 them in a minute. She knew that Deseret News Press - 5 74

Phil hadn't yet come out of the Excel-cis School of Beauty Culture 572 dressing room opposite. First Security Corporation: Inside Front Cover

Eda guessed how matters stood Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate 575 a good "Be to Dick, whisperedand will Grant, Heber J., & Company 575 Dick,sport home, and run me

your Hotel Temple Square 573 The sounds in the theatre grad- L.QuishD. S.SchoolBusinessof BeautyCollege Culture 573572

ually quieted. Property men turnUtah High School of Beauty Culture 5 74

ed out the lights on the stage, Salt Lake Advertising Club Inside Back Cover shrouding the erstwhile glittering setting in darkness. An eerie feelmotionless ining this—standing

such a definite silence only a few moments after so much noise and confusion.

The door opposite opened. Shechose that moment to leave, herINSURE

self. Phil was at her side. Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

"Not gone yet? I thought I

was the last. I've been checking

costumes for Mr. Mills."INSURE "I wanted to relax a minute Your animals while in transit to market.and soak in the success,"she

smiled. Let us quote you rates.

"We made it, didn't we?"He

took her arm possessively. HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

"Heavens,"she said a little 20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah shakily. "We have to cross that

ghastly dark stage to the outside door. Good thing you stayed. I

would be scared stiff."

He patted her arm reassuringly. This Chocolate is

Then dropped it momentarily tosearch in his pocket for a match. Balanced (or Health an anavorl

There was a thud, a scream, a Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate is richer moan, "Phil."

than cocoa... but not as rich as"bar"choclight the of her found by He olate. That's why teachers and mothers of whishis picked her and match, up

pered anxiously, "Are you hurt, the West prefer it for children and for their dear? Are you all right?"own tables. It's balanced tot nutrition values

She relaxed in his arms and... and for the full, fine flavor that nothing

answered shakily. "I'm all right but chocolate can supply.

now, but that was a bad bump."

"You fell over one of those darn FREE"Sweet Sixteen"Write for couches. Carmen,"he held her RecipeD. GhirardelliCo.,Packet No. 2,

tightly, "I always thought you San914 NorthFrancisco,PointCalif.St.,

hated me. Do you?"

"And I always thought you hated me. No, I don't. Do you?"

crazy I? I've been always "Do li ttl'S too you. I wasabout But stubGHIRARJ)

born to admit it. Look here, let's CHOCOLATE not go with the crowd. I want

Say "Gearar-delly'to make up for the two and a half m /ears I've lost."3*8

"Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man. And

therefore, if a man write little, he had need have a great memory; if he confer little, he had

need have a great wit; and if he read little, he had need have much cunning, to seem to know that he doth not."—Francis Bacon. (15611626)

WHY NOT SHOOT? stone Park. Joseph B. Harris lives in Blanding, Utah, where

close been has in he contact all with Navajo Indians his camera. with a of in favor are greatly belongs to the presidency. San He Juan Stake shooting—but Karl E. Younglife.

shooting, best time is the for outof-doorsWESummer teaches English French and at Brigham University. Young

to is here? In order shoot while not the summer Indians is and Indian He loves lore, and in war at homeso—why

to offer is going the Improvement Era shooting,encourage paint and fictitious war dances. is a Maxa Million namesome prizes for the best snap shots or photographs made a Utah lady who contributes frequently to these columns.of

1 "gats"the limber 10, so up July and Septemberbetween lives Beatrice hill the east high of Ekman on Salt Lake where size and be of any July. Photographs with mayand begin daily she a of Lure a Sea knows City."and "The President

make. Details will be given in the August Era, but we B. S. Hinckley needs no further introduction to Improvement

wanted to give you all this hint now. Snaps of pets and Era readers.

people and of scenery and wild animals will be eligible.

i i i OUR POETRY IDAHO SCHOOL TEACHER WRITES finished the reading Era. I like Improvement it more this: have "I has written Idaho up way FRIEND a JUST

all the and more time favorable and all what comments have poetry little difficulty as in recognizing you

1 i ve heard the covers about each month things is saying always thatAlisted head."Somebody under

about our poetry. We are glad; that indicates that they "I'm especially interested in the 'let's talk it over'corner."

read it. We wish we could sit down with folks and,talk

poetry a bit with them. We think we print the best we get. i 1 i

that; yet, of in think much mistaken be we mayWe our KHFUKlhritpartc m?O* ACCOMPLISHMENTSArrniunT TcniuriuTc in words expression is is the "Poetry worthy. verypoetry

infor June, for life."page our of Take the meaningof rule, general a statistics is a in- S of particularly page A not

of years eighty almost Mrs. have,stance. There we Fo tersti /\ tQ look sometimes stud and of K. the meanshe eighteen Does know back upon looking age vcals uninitiated< this issue thg fo there rfl In of th/ scarcely than is Eggertson, more Virginia life? of Nextmg % such whicfa sq about much if will have she alive, alert wondering ambitious, eighteen { f Church. career a she seek life at of the eighty—should meaning found ffl readers of In Miss the comes Next Cannon kisses mouth? onor se stakes about from R a friend in an life herself, riding with along of April the show given accomplishments.were ecs of breathless acy catches she the April an auto Day on j fc Dra 2g5Q k P 8 of travels. books; youth. Dobson Olive Mr W.Burt m fa nki to awards werc l400 for made 3341 \ scars grades new at rebels by made high and stock pioneer dzg standard achievement; for Public 844 Speaking and P 8: tracks Walter beckoned once friendly where wagon roads f Retold about same a estimate lead the.conclusion for would that A S * AndGot &"&.. - J,.every five there <- award in made, were or j were K..rvnVwaSLati wt, N who"""... wardai"<, ',, six,, eyes, must t.his sent Diadem. in us soul he"V.his a native with We it. 'thus,honored, not fair, a be which,by to would \ that assume! tv, \ ff rri,r *ri7.I* -- Zv X rrD TW thousand p-. *-- "T j? To'I"**"Mo'e on.* pagf4%T&Tu*2

tFtS ta of i. do. Jo... ft. U oTha tn.

have a goodidea, doesnS*&&Ft it? JggSiVgjJ-*ciuui iuiuuuuuj ui muit.-... in. eatjnhr i or/.1me.lines or, t,rudhc<,. opeaK- T

cover about of the 2/3 third to the y y y Church,ing and soRetoldto makeStory.it complete,The reportsadd tCanTiSa numbers.

THAT JUNE COVER Those who were privileged to hear and see the results of this of, Evanston,,TrWyoming, R. Kent Crosby,. arises. to defend,,, windelightfulappreciateperiodtheof factactivitythat demonstratedthc young Latterdayat June Conference,Saints are

kickl! big a great to register state scenery. "I his want engaged in a program into should which put their lives un-M

like just points exclamation using two Crosby, says Mr. that. paralleled bits of the joy which comes things. of doing

"I glanced at the cover on the Era for June and recognized it labelled inside I looked and found then familiar scene; a

It thing. is not y y y or some such in Idaho"Scene a "Mountain

in Idaho. That scene is photographed from the "bay"on WHAT DO YOU LIKE?

Jenny's Lake in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, about 75 or 100,;

feet from the footbridge, etc., etc."We don't blame Mr. V\/E RE always eager to find out what people like and what

Crosby for protesting. The idea of mistaking the Grand * * they do not like. Of course we cannot please everybody

Tetons for any other mountains in the world! We apologize, with every thing in the Improvement Era. The fact that

humbly, with thanks for the correction. in the Church among its readers there are people ranking

from fifth grade boys and girls to doctors of medicine, doc- -f / y tors of philosophy, university presidents, and world renowned crvui?SOME rwOF tot?THE wuttttocWRITERS avOF tittTHIS T<3inrISSUE scientiststQ gc( somethingwould indicatein thc magazinethat the bestwhichwe willcan hopehavc ato specialdo is

appeal each will one a and something general have which in Mexico, up grew Bentley, York, of Harold New W.

to majority. strike trying to We're theDR. aPP,eal happy ** Univerdegree Brigham from Young his Bachelor's took

ll medium. ll if appreciate this kindness your read you We has University. degree Columbia He his from sity Ph. D. and then and votc the for stones and 'c"e Poems famous Washington's Heights, several lived years Harlem on f berartldcs to whlch most. you a Salt Lake [ulIPleas formerly Wessel, was battleground. Elva Moss

girl, but she is now living in New York City where her I vote for as my first choice;

husband is connected with National Headquarters, Boy Scouts as my second;

in living writer is a freelance of Asmus America. Edna t}1 j rdi -as mv. imlast and was much summer I. West came She Chicago.

,best; Amon theV Poems l....llke 2 a in will appear scenery. She Arizona and pressed Utah by

future issue. E. W. Taylor is a young Salt Laker who has second best.

spent some time in the open spaces especially around YellowSigned

ADVERTISING --the Modern Paul Revere

j T'S a far cry to the heralding sirable products at the same time.

the dauntless spirit of getting diffusion of knowledge about the—but* methods of Revolutionary days The result is immediate and wide

the news to all the homes of the things that make life modern, happeople is the same! py and full.

Time was when a new style is more, advertising has woman's gown or improved farm And what standards of truthfulness set up to from town implement—spread that establish confidence and secure of rutown by the slow medium

mor. The lady "out west"heard the quick acceptance of worthy services

products. Manufacturers, decree of fashion months after the and

lady on Broadway had made her demerchants and buyers, all reap the rewards of our flexible system of disbut in the latest creation.

tributing and selling.

But today how all that is changed!

Main Street of the country's reYes, advertising spreads the news, motest village moves abreast of New quickens desire, guides in the

York's smart Fifth Avenue. Thanks choice, and influences—to the buyis to the speed and efficiency of adverer's advantage—the price that

tising, all the people... everywhere paid. Let advertising be the guide

... get the glad tidings of new deto all your purchases.

SALT LAKE ZLSldvertising CLUB

Advertising Builds Business and Protects the Consumer

WHICH DO YOU PREFER?

The Save and Invest Plan All other methods of creating an estate, except Life The Beneficial Life Insurance Plan

Insurance, requires time.

Creates an estate immediately, and maintains rr with annual, semiannual, or quarterly premium payments of

YOU SAVE BIT BY BIT AND SUCCEED ONLY—only I to 3 per cent of the principal amount. THE

YOU LIVE LONG ENOUGH SAFEST, EASIEST, SUREST METHOD. THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT IS THERE AT THE START. DIVIDENDS

YOU SAVE CONSISTENTLY ARE PAID EACH YEAR, AS ALL BENEFICIAL

II YOU INVEST SAFELY POLICYHOLDERS SHARE IN THE NET EARNINGS

V OF THE COMPANY.

. eventually INSURANCE—SAVINGS—probably

positively... immediately

Sjp50,opq jf 50,00'OM

Life Insurance is the One Savings Plan That Has Maintained a Value of 100 Per Cent and is Withdrawable "Right Now"

-cowio.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO

J. J. PRESIDENT Vice PRESIDENT HEBER GRANT, 2nd GEO.

A. - T - RALPHS 1V1NS. W. 1ST VICE B> SECRETARY A C, CANNON.OHLSON, PRESIDENT GENERALE MANAGER F. JOS. SMITH B. F. GRANTIBEN,V>UJf DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS O. DAVID MCKAY

———: "PM