M

Vol. VIII. The glory of God is intelligence. No.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations,

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

Hober./ Business,;u..vr, j cwAKi)KdwIkuVKIcbsox11. andkrson I| Edltors

j - Thomas Hill, Managers.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as SecondClass Matter.

JANUARY, 1905.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Elmina S. Taylor cv 4 - FrontlsP\%e Individuality of Man....: Z.Z.Hugh J. Cannon

Hope The Immortal Daughter of God Wagner's "Simple Life."66x

J - L - Townsend 6?, aMemng -"7A Pem S\Aw ***<**ssasns;

vSonthe FaVm;:::::::::::::::::::::: 'ProfMaud y Babcock \i%

Peter Klaus. A German Legend 5f

The Streets of Havana Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 7

Wit and Humor in the Mission Field j (Joseph F. Smith.

, First /-.,-Greeting from the John R. Winder Presidency j 193.

Topics of Moment—Beung Sea Route—Situation

in Manchuria—Russian Views of the North Sea Controversy—A National ReproachRussian Movement for Liberty—Cold Storage

Industry Gentile, Jew or Christian. A Poem...ZZZZZZotto J. Munson?n

Editors Table -HarmonyFirst Spiritual thenPrest. Joseph F. Smith Temporal—Air and Ventilation—Death of Elmina S. Taylor—Dr. Groves Latterday Saints

Hospital.—Illustrated -n

Questions and Answers—Time of Christ's Visit:o

the Nephites—Meaning of Prison in III Nephi 12: 2526.—Luke 22: 3538 Explained—

A Question of Presiding—Church Government—The Secretary and his Minutes. Notes

In Lighter Mood 55 Events of the Month '..ZZZZJoseph F. Smith, Jr. 232

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 & 215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum.

J0Nie.liCL4ll.Pmt. TNtlT.BUITtl.lK. W. J.BUITOI.Imi

Keep JVIoney at Home BURTON COAIi

By Insuring -i LUMBER CO.

in the Don't ALL KIND8 OF Carry 60flL Your ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail.

OwnHOME LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALTY.

Risk.

Office, 60 W. Second South Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third Vert St*.

Telephone 808. FERE

TJ4H. oF F STATE BAflK* UTAH UTAH Accounts Solicited.

Correspondence Invited.

OFFICKR8 DIRECTOKB. AND

F. Smith,HeDer J. Gram <a Go. Joseph President.

Wm. B. Preston, VicePresident.

S. Burton, Cashier. GENERAL AGENTS. HenryCharlesT. Asst. Cashier. McEwan,

Heber J. Grant Jos. D. Murdock

A. W. Carlson HeDer M. Wells

2026 South Main Street, Salt Lake City. Byron Groo Isaac Barton

YOU ARE DELUDING YOURSEli Telephone 351. WHEN YOU SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Booms and Morgue. would be of

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21,23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH.

at the house/'TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORAT-LAW. friends who have it.

U. 8. Supreme Court, Beglstered Attorney XT. S. Patent Office, United States and j* j*

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights. ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS

Opp. U. S. Patent Office. WA8HINQT0N.D.C. ARGUMENT.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)

NEWORGMNS -FORJ5.OO DOVUQ.

$3.00 a /T\oi)t:l?.

Freight prepaid. Stool and book FREE.

UNTIL JANUARY 15.

DRYflES & SOJWJIEY PIANO GO.

3840 Richards'Street. Salt Lake City.

r.0. BOX MT.

H. S. DAYNES, Manager.

MISSIONARIES THE LITERARY DIGEST

should write to or call on the "All the Periouicals in One."

with Illustrated interesting In weeJly magazine adequately covering all theSALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS Anformation chief subjects

Interest, as selected, translated, diand human for their of choicest periodical the world's gested literafrom

HOSIERY, UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"ture.

before leaylng for iAHY their fields of labor. Should you become one of its regular readers?

is It precious time your wnen enables DCunUJERFTHIlSF to the of most readmake every yOUWe have a full line of with the l,t00 you of ing moment, providing cream

WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR valuable periodicals.

1 "RFPIIIIFDC HUJC '*prints"elects,ihe besttranslates,literaturedigests,to be orfoundreOar Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS In the numberle-s periodicals i rinted in all lands,

We have them In Cotton from $1.00 up givingskill anditsdiscrimination.subscribers the benefit of expert editorial

and In Wool from $1.76 np. '* enables you to greatly economize

for expenditures periodicals, your to get th best in a greater ORDBR BY WKIL PROM US. makingDCuHUiJERFPHHFIt possible numWhen ordering "Garments"send your ber than you could ever subscribe for—this for aheight, weight, chest measure and length of single subscription.

sleeve to Dn\>n.\)JCRFrHIlSF dige8Tre&ular becomereaders versatileof Theon Litkbabtall sides

Salt hake Knitting Works, ofitics,topicsscience,of currentliterature,interestart, andreligion,discussionetc. in polSalt Uak City, Utah TJ4H IiITERARY DIGEST

1 ** Copies 10 etj JOSEPH R. SMITH, Mgr. $3.00 a Year, i*?*?

DIKKCTOK8: Joseph F. Smith, President.

Clawson, Rudger VicePresident. FUNK & WAGNAIiltS COMPANY i nil. Thomas

Nelon, Joseph Smith. NEW YORK. Alrlu 7.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE PRESTIGE OF AN OLD sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

all kinds No need to tell you that we sell lumber of and everything else that is usually sold by a first class yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

vioubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TflYLOWJHflEYflHlttSTOTG-GO, South Temple and Second West.

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S bAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Ont Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000.

vfc OFFICBRS.

Jo?eph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund,

VicePresident George M. Cannon,

Cashier Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

DIRECTORS Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Cnine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L John"Nuttall Angus J. Caoron

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

NO.IMKINSIREET, SMUT LHK6 CITY, - UTHH,

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2011 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

http://www.archive.org/details/improvementera0803unse

ELMINA S. TAYLOR.

Porn September 12, 1830; Died December 6, 1904.

Vol. VIII. JANUARY, 1905. No. 3.

INDIVIDUALITY OF MAN.

BY HUGH J. CANNON, PRESIDENT OF THE SWISS AND GERMAN

MISSION, AND EDITOR "DER STERN."

Ever since the divine injunction was given to Adam and his posterity to call upon their Father in heaven, religious teachers of all ages have laid much stress upon the importance of prayer. In

his forceful instructions on this subject, the Savior told his followers that they should not multiply words, and impressed upon all the fact that the Lord knows in advance what they need. We

are taught that a definite plan was arranged before the foundation of this earth for the government of its inhabitants, and that the Almighty rules and overrules the affairs of nations and of individuals in accordance therewith. We have been told that the

Lord "doeth all things well,"and it may be presumed that he would continue to do so, whether his children prayed or not. An

obligation rests upon him to carry to completion every policy which has been inaugurated under his direction, or, failing to do so, he is beaten by his opponent. In view of these facts, some

questions naturally arise: Would the original plan be changed if

men neglected to pray, or in any other way failed to do the bid162 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ding of the Great Master? Are the prayers of human beings

effective? Of what use is prayer to the individual who offers it?

An affirmative answer to the first question would make it appear that the Lord is dependent upon weak mortals for the fulfilment of his divine purposes, and this idea is rejected by many as not being in harmony with the omnipotence of God. While it is true

that the Lord is all powerful, and will eventually carry out his every policy, man has been given his own agency, and can help with the work for which he was chosen, and for which he is better adapted than any other person; or he can temporarily block the

way and necessitate a change in the plan, at least to some extent, by compelling the Almighty to find some one to take his place.

The Lord is certainly dependent upon no one individual for the success of his work, but it is just as certain that he is dependent upon mankind as a whole.

Man is dealing with the greatest of all problems, that of life;

a problem so broad and deep, so illimitable that only the infinite can fathom it. And still he is the essential factor in the solution

of this problem, and it cannot be solved without his aid. In fact,

it might be said that he himself is the problem. But this much is

certain: he is an offspring of the Creator of the universe; he was

created to create and to govern: he has inherited his Father's attributes and characteristics, and has been commanded to develop

and improve, and not to smother, them. The Lord honors and respects him, and he, without indulging in selfadulation, must honor

and respect himself. He is a being of power, capable of thought

and of action, and is only lower than his Father to the extent that his faith and experience are less. Thinkers of all ages have

realized man's capabilities and the close relationship which exists between him and his Maker. It was this feeling which prompted

the German philosopher, Kant, to say, "Give me the material and with it I will build you a world."Prayer teaches man to think

and to act, and gives him increased power, for it awakens faith within him, and faith is power; and anything which results in

greater power to think and to act is not ineffective. That to

which some people have given the name prayer, but which is merely lip service, will not accomplish all this, but prayer will result in thought and power and action. Man's prayer is an appeal to the

INDIVIDUALITY OF MAN. 163

Creator for recognition in the conduct of the afFairs of life. He

advocates a particular policy; certain changes might be made

which would in his opinion improve the world's condition, and he has the right, and it is his duty as an interested party, to advocate his views and express his desires. They may be entirely personal,

and his suggestions apparently may not effect anyone except himself and his immediate associates. He may ask for better health

for himself and for his family, for power to overcome evil, for greater gifts, for more ability and increased opportunities to do good; but let it be for what it may, his prayer is an appeal for recrequest that his individuality be considered. Realizognition—a

ing how insignificant he is compared with the Almighty, that he of himself is nothing more than the dust of the earth, and is dependent upon his Maker for life itself, this appeal will naturally be made in humility, and not as a demand; but his Father, who gave

him life, and commanded him to develop all his gifts, will most assuredly accord him recognition, will listen to his voice, and if his policy be wise, it will be followed. If not, it is usually rejected and

a wiser one prevails, and it is well for man that this is the case, for the very things which seem to him the most desirable would often retard his progress, and instead of being a blessing would result in his downfall. But through it all, whether his prayer be

answered or not, his individuality is developed, and his capabilities are enlarged. He is, so to speak, a member of the board of directors of this great universe, and through prayer he becomes an

positive instead ofactive, instead of merely a passive, member—a

negative part of the controlling power of the world. He makes a

plea for a wayward son, as Alma of old did, and the history of a nation is changed. He makes a mute, perhaps even an unconscious,

appeal for himself; his own life is affected by it, and whatever

affects his life affects the universe. The Lord never has taken and

never will take man's individuality from him. It is his, and one might

say that it is the only thing which he really possesses. Goethe

says: "The body may pass away as a garment, but I, the well

known I, I remain."It is true that through miraculous interposition, lives have been completely changed. Men in error, exerting

all their energies to overthrow righteousness, have suddenly become valiant champions of truth, and have counted as nothing 164 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

affliction, persecution, and even death itself, for the newly espoused cause. Paul and Alma were good examples of this. But these

men did not lose their individuality in the slightest degree; their

eyes were merely opened to behold the light, and the very characteristics which brought them into prominence as persecutors of the Church, when rightly directed, made them mighty defenders of the faith. Certainly prayer, whether spoken in words or merely an

inarticulate desire, instead of destroying or even curtailing the individuality of man, is one of the most potent factors in its development.

And what is said of prayer in this respect, may also be said of inspiration and revelation. No prophet ever lived who did not impress his individuality upon his work. No prophecy was ever

uttered, no revelation was ever received, in ancient or modern times, that was not stamped with the personality of him through whom it came. A man must be natural in order to be successful,

whether he be a prophet, speaking under divine influence, or a street cleaner. He must do things in his own way, no matter how

abundantly he may be blessed with inspiration, and must assert his individuality in his method of telling things, no matter how clearly the Spirit gives him the subject matter. There is hardly a grown

member of this Church who has not heard men speak when it was evident to all assembled that they were inspired. Their very

features were lighted up with the Holy Spirit, and their words burned into the hearts of their hearers, making an impression which neither time nor eternity can efface. And still these words

may have been very imperfect from the standpoint of the grammarian. Critics find fault with the language, in the revelations

received by the, Prophet Joseph Smith, and think the Lord, if he had anything to do with them, should have used better English. Do such people think that a prophet is nothing more than a

talking machine, which repeats exactly the same words which it hears, and in precisely the same tone of voice? If this were so,

the weaker the man, and the less character he had, the more successful he would be as a prophet, and the Lord would select as his servants men who resemble the average picture one sees in the world of the Savior, weak, effeminate, and with absolutely no character or individuality in the face. An intense, vigorous perINDIVIDUALITY OF MAX. 165

.sonality would be entirely useless as a prophet, for such a one

would be sure to do things in his own way, and would thus destroy his gift. But are weaklings the kind of men the Lord has chosen

to carry out his purposes? A very slight acquaintance with Biblical characters gives to this question an emphatic negative

answer. He has invariably chosen men of strength and influence,

great men, men who could command, but who have been willing to be dictated to by him, as a truly great man always is willing to be commanded by his superior. It is only the smallsouled, inferior creature.who cannot be directed. Possessing none of the elements of greatness in reality, he fears that his insignificance will

be detected, and effects greatness by placing himself above the commands of his superiors. The greatest Being who ever lived

upon the earth, was greater in his utter submission to his Father's will than in anything else. But he was not a weakling, physically

nor mentally. It requires strength and individuality, and plenty of

it, to enable one to leave an influence in the world which will endure for many hundred centuries, and effect millions upon millions of people. No one would dare accuse Moses of being a weak,

feeble creature, and no one would think for a moment that he was merely a poll parrot, or a talking machine. His individuality

is clearly discernible in every word which he spoke, and in every act performed, from the time he arose in defense of his downtrodden brethren, and slew the Egyptian, until the end of his remarkable career. He was a wonderful prophet, so full of power

that the Lord told him his commands should be obeyed as though he were God, and his greatness as a prophet and lawgiver was due individuality which hadto the greatness of his individuality—an

existed since the beginning, and which even the Almighty could not destroy. And what is true of Moses, is equally true of all the

prophets that have followed him,ancient or modern: they, too,have

been great in proportion to the greatness of their individuality.

The Lord naturally delights in the development and strength of his children, and the stronger the character, the more useful to him, provided, of course, the strength be properly controlled. But

even where it is not, the individuality is never destroyed, as is so clearly shown in the case of the enemy of all righteousness; and

166 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

we are told that it was on this very point that the difference arose between the Lord and Lucifer.

Most people of the world, even among those who believe in a future life, think that with death we will lose our individuality.

They have already robbed the Almighty of his identity, and with death they would rob us of ours. But the Latterday Saints have

an incomparably higher hope. To them, there are no limitations.

They have the assurance that God is a personality, a creator, a ruler, and not an intangible, incomprehensible nonentity; they resemble him now, as the offspring always resembles the parent, and

their aim is to be like him in all things. Those who can think and

feel and hope, will cry with the old German, Herder, "Give me great thoughts,"and will add, as Goethe did, "And a clean heart."

The goal for which they strive is an exalted one, but to him who will put forth effort, it is not unattainable. It is easy to be mediocre; it requires intense energy and high aspirations to rise above

mediocrity.

Zurich, Switzerland.

HOPE, THE IMMORTAL DAUGHTER OF GOD.

Suso, the great monk and mystic, one of the simplest and best men that ever lived, had a touching habit. Every time that he met a woman,

the oldest and the poorest, he stepped respectfully aside, though to do that he must set his bare feet among the thorns or in the muddy gutter.

"I do that,"he said, "to render homage to our holy lady, the Virgin

Ma!"Let us render to hope a like reverence. If we meet it under

the form of a spear of wheat which pierces the furrow, the bird which broods and feeds her nestlings, of a poor wounded animal which gathers itself together, rises and continues its way, of a peasant who labors and sows a field ravaged by inundation and hail, of a nation which slowly repairs its losses and heals its wounds, under no matter what humble and suffering exterior, salute it. When we encounter it in the legends,

the untutored songs, in the simple beliefs, salute it again. For it is the

same always, the immortal, the indestructible daughter of God!—Charles

Wagner's The Simple Life.

THE AWAKENING.

(M. I. A. Baritone Solo.—For the Improvement Era.)

Let ma open my ears to the gospel of truth

That my Father reveals from above;

Let me open my eyes to the glory of God,

And I'll open my heart to his love!

Let me come to my Father, and learn for myself

That the gospel to earth is restored;

Let me come to my Savior and list to his voice,

And I'll know my redeemer and Lord.

If eternal is life, then my life is to be

In accord with my faith and desire!

And the highest ideal that God has revealed

Is the holiness faith will inspire.

Let the holier life of a saint then be won/

As I add grace to grace all divine;

Let me walk in his ways till I gain my reward,

And a glory celestial is mine!

Let me open my eyes to the glory of God,

Let me open my heart to his love,

And I'll open my ears to the gospel of truth

That my Father reveals from above;

And my soul shall progress in the light of his faith.

Till the measure of heaven I span;

For the light and the truth that have glorified Gol,

He reveals for the glory of man!

J. L. T0WN3SND.

Paysori, Utah.

BOOK OF MORMON LANGUAGE.

HEBREW—EGYPTIAN.

BY DR. FREDERIC CLIFT, OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY.

The missionaries of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints announce to the world that the plates of the Book of Mormon, as received and translated by the Prophet Joseph Smith,were engraved in HebrewEgyptian characters.* The statement often

calls forth a smile of incredulity, and frequently a query as to how Lehi and his companions, residents of Jerusalem, came to write

* Regarding the author's statement that the Book of Mormon was engraved in HebrewEgyptian characters: It is clear that Nephi wrote

his part of the Book of Mormon in Egyptian characters (I Nephi, 1: 2.)

It is also clear that Mormon and Moroni wrote their part of the record in the Egyptian characters (Mormon 9: 32.) While it is true that the

statement is made that the Egyptian characters were altered by the

Nephites, we are scarcely warranted in concluding that these alterations were produced by intermingling the Egyptian with Hebrew characters, but were constituted by changes in the formation of some of the

Egyptian letters. The foundation of this Egyptian literature among

the Nephites was the Jewish scriptures on the brass plates written in

Egyptian characters (Mosiah 1: 3, 4.) So that, considering all things*

one must rather incline to the opinion that the fact that the Nephite records were written in the Egyptian, comes from the circumstance of

Lehi's being an Egyptian scholar, and that the Hebrew scriptures he carried with him into the wilderness were also written in Egyptian characters, than to the theory that Judea was a border land between Assyria and Egypt, and hence possessed a mixed language made up of HebrewEtryptian-Arabic, etc. Editors.

BOOK OF MORMON LANGUAGE. 169

their history in a language which was not that of the Hebrews.

Enquirer?, of course, do not accept Nephi's statement: "I make a

record in the language of my father, which consists of the learning of the Jews, and the language of the Egyptians"(I Nephi, 1 2), and call for proof from the Bible, the Stick of Judah.

At this time, when so many are studying New Witnesses for

God, it is perhaps appropriate to consider the evidence confirmatory of Nephi's statement. In the interview between Martin Harris and Professor Anthon, a celebrated linguist, the latter stated

that the characters presented to him by Martin Harris, being portions of a transcript taken from the plates of the Book of Mormon, were Egyptian, Chaldaic, Assyriac and Arabic, and that they were true characters (see Manual, 1903-4, pages 4551.) Professor

Anthon thus unwittingly associates the transcript with the four languages in use amongst the Hebrews, at the time when Lehi left Jerusalem. At the moment when Professor Anthon made this

statement to Martin Harris, and admitted by his own letters to have been so made, he was wholly ignorant as to where the transcripts came from, or their history. As soon as the professor was

told that the plates had been given by an angel of God to a man, then living, he, like the majority of the men of the world at that time, repudiated the idea of new revelation, and withdrew the certificate he had given; but he could not withdraw the fact that he

had expressed his opinion as to their being genuine, and that they were in the character and language common to the Hebrew people at the time named—700 to 600, B. C.

This should be sufficient confirmation of Nephi's statement, but inquiry into the conditions surrounding the Hebrew people must satisfy an honest investigator that it was perfectly natural that

Lehi should use, and that the Book of Mormon should be the first to give, and in fact today gives, the only rational explanation or reason for the American Indian being in possession of Egyptian and Semetic words, symbols and written characters.

It is said, "Conquering kings their titles give;"it might be

said, "Conquering kings their language give."The accompanying

diagram shows that the Hebrews invariably absorbed the language of their conquerors. In the providence of God, the scriptures were

thus translated into the controlling language of the day; and as a

170 1MPRO VEMENT ERA.

result, a true knowledge of Jehovah was thus communicated to

Assyrians, Chaldeans, Egyptians, Greeks, and later to the Latin,

AngloSaxon and heathen, races. When the Assyrians overran that

portion of Palestine belonging to the ten tribes of Israel, we find that the five books of Moses were translated into the Assyrian dialect, and they form what is known today as the Samaritan Pentateuch.

So, too, Judea, having been overrun by the Assyrians, Babylonians

Egyptians, Arabians and neighboring nations, we find the Jewish people adopting their language, and that about 500, B. C, Ezra

compiled the Jewish sacred writings in Chaldaic, whilst even today the Synagogue services of the Jews, in the city of Frankforton- theMain, are held in that language.

Again, there was constant intercommunication between Jerusalem and the country lying southwest of that city and Egypt, but in addition to this, the kings of Egypt, at different periods, not only obtained supremacy over the kings of Judah, but made Palestine the battle ground, in their conflicts with the king? of the further East. Thus the Hebrews, being between the hammer and the

anvil, applied first to one and then to another of their rival neighbors for aid. In 970, B. C, Shishak, king of Egypt, captured Jerusalem, and reduced Judah to tribute, and omitting the various

struggles during the intervening years, we find that in 608, B. C,

only a few years before Lehi left Jerusalem, Necho, king of Egypt, having slain the "good Josiah,"king of Judah, and deposed his son and successor, placed Jehoiakim on the throne. Four years later,

the Babylonian prince, Nebuchadnezzar, defeated the Egyptians at

Carmenish, and brought the Jews under Chaldean authority. Men,

as a rule, gravitate to the country whose language they speak;

and, as a result, after the death of Gedaliah, the Jews sought refuge in Egypt. Digressing for a moment, we find from II Maccabees 2, that Jeremiah was one of these refugees, and that when he

"came thither he found a hollow cave wherein he laid the tabernacle and the ark and the altar of incense, * * * saying, as for that place it shall be unknown until the time that God gathers his people again together, and receives them unto mercy. Then shall

the Lord show them these things, and the glory of the Lord shall appear."Objection is taken to the Book of Mormon that it is unreasonable to suppose that the Lord would cause the history of his

BOOK OF MORMON LANGUAGE. 171

people on this continent to be buried in the earth and brought forth in these latterdays. Is it more inconsistent than that the Lord

will in due time bring forth the Ark of the Covenant from its hiding place in a cave, preserved from rust and decay, as the plates were?

Again, Jerusalem was only some two hundred miles from the

Nile, the center of Egyptian power. It is a fact that a border

language is always a mixed one—thus Alsace and Lorraine formed

German territory, then became French, and are now again German. Each nation impressed their language upon the inhabitants,

and as a result, the language of these provinces is a mixed one, the more highly educated speaking both. And so we may believe

it was in the borderland of Judah and Egypt. The language was

to some extent affected, just as our AngloSaxon was affected by the NormanFrench; and it must be admitted that after the captivity, it was considerably affected by the intercourse of the Jews

with foreign nations. Even our Savior's Galilean dialect was a

provincial form of Hebrew. When Lehi, therefore, who was one

of the more highly educated, (I Nephi 1. 1.) and contemporary with Isaiah, Ezekiel, Jeremiah, Daniel and other prophets of the Lord, received warning of the impending destruction of Jerusalem, and instructions from God to set

forth on his journey to this continent of America, he, led by divine power (I Nephi, 2: 4, 5) "departed into the wilderness

* * * * and he came down by the borders near the shore of the Red sea;"viz, the borders of Egypt. The actions of Lehi

and his sons show their acquaintance with the wilderness, or country which lay between Jerusalem and Egypt, and their knowledge of the language cannot but be presumed. In this same chapter of

Nephi, we find that the records which they took with them "did contain the five books of Moses, and also a record of the Jews from the beginning, even down to the commencement of the reign of Zedekiah, king of Judah, and also many prophecies which have been spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah."These records, written in

Hebrew, with admixture of the four dialects mentioned by Professor Anthon, comprise our Bible, the Stick of Judah, practically the Old Testament history down to 600, B. C., as now accepted

by Jew and Christian alike.

A few years later, Ezra began his compilation of the Stick of 172 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Judah, whilst Nephi began the history of his people—the Stick of

being added to until, in 1830, the two sticks becameJoseph—each

one in the hands of Joseph the Ephraimite, in accordance with the prophecy of Ezekiel.

Professor Anthon's statement that the Book of Mormon transcripts showed characteristics of four ancient languages: Chaldaic,

Assyriac, Egyptian and Arabic, is shown to be both reasonable and correct, from the following:

1. The Hebrew language was Semetic in origin, and was brought

from Ur of the Chaldees. The seventy years captivity of the Jews in Babylon or Chaldea made the Chaldean language a prevailing one, as shown

by Ezra's compilation of the Stick of Judah in that dialect, and the use of it in some of their synagogues.

2. Joseph, the son of Patriarch Jacob, became governor of Egypt

and having married a daughter of aa Egyptian priest, he and his descendants necessarily spoke and used the Egyptian language. So, toe,

when Moses brought the Hebrews out of Egypt, they had adopted many of the characteristics of that country, and their subsequent intercourse and the authority exercised over them by Egyptian kings, made the knowledge and use of the Egyptian language a necessity.

3. The Samaritan Pentateuch shows conclusively that Assyrian

characteristics have been absorbed into the Hebrew language.

4. Although not so selfevident, the fact that the Arabs were near

neighbors of the Jews on the east and south is sufficient to justify us in accepting Professor Anthon's statement that the transcripts contained

Arabic characters.

The conditions existing prior to Lehi's departure from Jerusalem continued until Ptolemy Soter, king of Egypt, took possession of Syria, captured Jerusalem, and transported ten thousand

Jews to Egypt, who, with others, are described in John 8: 35, as

"the dispersed among the Gentiles."They adopted the Greek

language, and this led to a Greek version of the Old Testament known as the Septuagint. The Jews of this period, like the Christians of later date, split up into sects, the most prominent being

the Pharisees, the Sadducees and the Essenes. The Pharisees

were of the poorer class, and, like the Catholics of today in the

Christian world, were strict observers of the law and the manners customs and language of their fathers. Whilst the Sadducees

BOOK OF MORMON LANGUAGE. 173

were of the wealthier and more highly educated class, they patronized Greek manners, and introduced a rationalized paganism into the Jewish worship. This introduction of Greek paganism conduced to the apostasy which so blinded the eyes of the Jews that

they did not recognize "the Christ"as their Messiah, and is analogous to the introduction of Latin paganism into the Christian church, which brought about the general apostasy from the Gospel of Christ", and the necessity for a new revelation by an angel to the Prophet Joseph Smith, through whom the Sticks of Judah and

Joseph have become one.

THE SCRIPTURES.

The language of the nation controlling the destinies of Palestine is found refjected in the Scriptures of that period. Hebrew, the language of the Jews,

was introduced from Ur of the Chaldees by Abraham—2126 B. C. It is a Semitic

language, and is related to the Syriac, Chaldee, Assyrian, Phoenician, Arabic and Ethiopic dialects. The Egyptian language had Semitic analogies and received a considerable infusion of Semitic words.

The foundation of all Scripture is the Pentateuch (pente, "five,"and "teuchos,"a volume). The five books of Moses contain the earliest revelation

from God.

THE PENTATEUCH.

The first five books of the Bible—written by Moses in Hebrew—about

1450 B. C.

SAMARITAN PENTATEUCH HEBREW SCRIPTL'KES

Used by the colonists imported to Included not only the five books of take the land from which the IsraelMoses, but also the history of the ites had been deported to Assyria. whole house of Israel—the twelve

It comprised the 5 books of Moses, tribes—down to first year of King

and was written in Hebrew characters Zedekiah, 599 B. (J.

but in the Assyrian dialect. They were written in Hebrew with

King of Assyria controlled the counadmixture of Egyptian and other diatry and gave the language to the book. leots.

—About 700 B. 0. Palestine was the battle ground of

Egyptian and eastern kings, and

Judea from time to time came under

Egyptian control. As an instance,

"The king of Egvpt (Necho) made

Eliakim * * * king over Judah and Jerusalem and turned his name to

Jehoiakim."—II Chron. xxxvi: 4.

Jerusalem was a border city—various dialects, including Egyptian, were

in use amoDg the people.

,74 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In 975 B. C. the Hebrew nation, as

foretold in prophecy, was divided into the two kingdoms of Israel and Judah.

"Then I cut asunder mine other staff.

* * * that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel."

Zech. xi: 14. "So Israel rebelled

against the house of David. * * *

There was none that followed the house of David but the tribe of Judah only."—I Kings xii: 19, 20.

The Prophet Ezekiel also foretold that the Scriptures would run in two distinct channels. "Moreover, thou

son of man, take thee one stick and write upon it. For Judah * * *

Then take another stick and write upon it, for Joseph, the stick of Ephraim."—Ezekiel xxxvii: 16.

STICK OP JUDAH. STICK OF JOSEPH.

JEWISH SCRIPTURES. BOOK OF MORMON.

Ezra's compilation, with addition of

I Nephi 5: 1013, shows Lehi had

writings of later prophets.

Hebrew scriptures and records down In Hebrew - Chaldaic characters—King of Persia controlled the counto the first year of King Zedekiah. Lehi and his descendants used, and

tiy and gave language to the Book.

the Book of Mormon plates were About 445 B. C.

written in, HebrewEgyptian characters.—I Nephi i: 2. Book of Mormon, SEPTUAGINT VERSION.

A Hebrew - Greek translation of ix:Nephi'32. s records commence in 599

Ezra's compiled Jewish scriptures. B. C, eleven years before the BabyThis was made by direction of Ptolelonian captivity.

my Philadelphus for his library at

Alexandria, and was used by the ""Jews of the Dispersion,"who had adopted the Greek language.—Made

about 285 B. C. Christ and his Apostles quoted from this translation.

NEW TESTAMENT SCRIPTURES. BOOK OF MORMON.

Apostolic writings in HebrewGreek Records, abridgment and Mormon's

B. C. to 400 A. D.—originals all lost—From 31 to 97 A. D. own record,—599

LATIN OR VULGATE VERSION. BOOK OF MORONI,

A Latin translation of the Old and Moroni completes record of Mor-.New Testaments made by St. Jerome. mon and includes history of the JaredBOOK OF MORMON LANGUAGE. Hi

The Roman Catholic Bibles are transites. Also adds his own personal reclations from this version—385 A. D. ords- -About421 A. D.

wyoliffe's version.

This, the first English translation, was made in 1384 A. D. from the Latin

Vulgate. tyndale's version.

This was the first English translation made direct from the HebrewGreek scriptures. It was the foundation of what is known as the "Great

Bible"of Henry VIII.—15251535 A.D.

GENEVAN OR CALVINISTIC BIBLE

With doctrinal marginal notes.—1560

A. D.

bishop's bible With Episcopalian bias.—1568 A. D.

KING JAMES OR AUTHORIZED VERSION.

This Bible is the one in general use today. A compromise translation.

Puritans would not accept Bishops'

Bible, and James, in the interest of

Episcopal church, would not accept the

Calvinistic marginal notes in Genevan

Bible. This compromise is responsible for many erroneous doctrines. BOOK OF MORMON.

1611 A. D. See Imp. Era, vol. vii,

page 654. Translation by the Prophet Joseph

Smith'. "Through the medium of the

Urim and Thummim I translated the

REVISED VERSION. 'records by the gift and power of God.

Revision by English and AmeriJoseph Smith—18271830 A. D.

can committees. These had access to

manuscripts and documents discovered since the authorized version of King

James. Members of the committee

were appointed from conflicting sects, and like the King James, it is a compromise translation, disputed points being settled by vote of the members.—18801885 A. D.

AMERICAN STANDARD REVISION, 1901.

A further revision by the American 176 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Committee. See lair. Eka, vol. vii,

page 774.

Sticks of Judah and Joseph become one in the hand of Ephraim, when the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized—6th April, 1830,

and aceepted both books as containing divine revelations from God.—Ezekiel,

xxxvii: 17.

Provo, Utah.

LONGFELLOW'S PSALM OF LIFE.

The Psalm of Life, by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, is reprinted in the Era in response to a request from some elders in Holland. It will

interest the reader to know that Mr. Longfellow said of this poem: "I

kept it some time in manuscript, unwilling to show it to any one, it being a voice from my inmost heart, at a time when I was rallying from depression."Before it was published in the Knickerbocker Magazine,

October, 1838, it was read by the poet to his college class at the close of a lecture on Goethe. Its title, though used now exclusively for this

poem, was originally, in the poet's mind, a generic one. He notes from

time to time that he has written a psalm, a psalm of death, or another psalm of life. The "psalmist"is thus the poet himself. When printed

in the Knickerbocker it bore as a motto the lines from Crashaw:

"Life that shall send A challenge to its end, And when it comes say. Welcome, friend."

Tell me not, in mournful numbers,

Life is but an empty dream!

For the soul is dead that slumbers,

And things are not what they seem.

Life is real! Life is earnest!

And the grave is not its goal;

Dust thou art, to dust returnest,

Was not spoken of the soul.

Not enjoyment, and not sorrow,

Is our destined end or way;

But to act, that each tomorrow

Finds us farther than today.

LONGFELLOW'S PSALM OF LIFE. 177

Art is long, and Time is fleeting,

And our hearts, though stout and brave,

Still, like muffled drums, are beating

Funeral marches to the grave.

In the world's broad field of battle,

In the bivouac of life, Be not like dumb, driven cattle!

Be a hero in the strife!

Trust no Future, howe'er pleasant!

Let the dead Past bury its dead

Act, act in the living Present!

Heart within, and God o'erhead!

Lives of great men all remind us

We can make our lives sublime,

And, departing, leave behind us

Footprints on the sands of time;

Footprints, that perhaps another,

Sailing o'er life's solemn main,

A forlorn and shipwrecked brother,

Seeing, shall take heart again.

Let us, then, be up and doing,

With a heart for any fate;

Still achieving, still pursuing.

Learn to labor and to wait.

LOYALTY.*

BY MAUD MAY BABCOCK, PROFESSOR OF ELOCUTION, UNIVERSITY

OF UTAH.

There is a general impression among people, as soon as you speak of loyalty, you mean a little Fourth of July effervescence—

a few firecrackers, a flag, a few shouts, a turning out to see the

President, to see the governor of the state, or something of that kind. Therefore, when this topic was given to me, I went to the

dictionary to see what it said loyalty is. The Century dictionary

says that "loyalty is to be true and faithful in allegiance; to be

constant in service, in devotion."I want you particularly to note

that it is, "to be constant in service, in devotion."Loyalty is not

a passive thing; it is active; it is not to believe, but to do. It is

engendered in the very heart, and we grow in loyalty by acting loyally, as we grow always by doing.

The Lord, himself, has said, "Not every one that saithunto me,

Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven."There are

many among our people—maybe I am wrong in this matter—by

bearing testimony of their loyalty to the Church and loyalty to the founder of this Church, think they have absolutely discharged all obligation. When they have stood upon their feet and testified

that they know that the Prophet Joseph Smith was a prophet of

God, and that all who have succeeded him have been prophets of

God, they think that nothing more is required at their hands. And

yet those same people, to take a simple illustration, will go directly to their homes, and the very first thing that will be placed upon

* An address delivered in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, at the M. I. A.

conference, June 5, 1904.

LOYALTY. 179

the table, and of which they partake with blessing, is food that this sets at defiance the Word of Wisdom—a law given through

same prophet, Joseph Smith, and which has been declared to be the truth of God by every prophet, seer and revelator who has stood at the head of this Church in this generation. These people, to my mind, seem not to.be loyal, because we should "do the will

of the Father which is in heaven,"not say, "Lord, Lord,"or "the

Prophet Joseph Smith is a prophet of God,"but acknowledge "in every act and every word that proceedeth from our mouth,"that we are trying to live up to God's laws.

Take an example, one that I heard only the other day, of a very good brother, who is, no doubt, trying to live his religion.

He has been upon a mission. He has a large family, and he would

no doubt testify very strongly and very loudly, as I said before, of the divinity of this latterday work. He had been to a meeting

and held his hand up in loyalty that he would sustain the officers that were placed over him. Yet, on returning to his home, because

at this meeting the Word of Wisdom had been preached, he said that that was "all right for those high in authority to talk about, but they don't practice it."This seemed to excuse his own breaking of that law. Will we not be judged by our own actions, our own

uplifted hand, when we fail to sustain our brethren by doing that which they preach to us? Let us be honest and upright, and stand

firm, and acknowledge that we are in the wrong, and try to be loyal by doing all that is good.

Now, to carry this just a little further: a good brother's

daughter has been in the city for several years. She has been

attending the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement associations. She

has learned, in these associations, what the Word of Wisdom means, so that now, when she goes home, she does not partake of all the food pat upon the table, because she feels that it is wrong, and that it is disloyal to her faith. I cannot feel that the Spirit

of God can be fully in this household, when the fathe: of this

household rebukes this daughter for not partaking of forbidden food, and thinks she is "hightoned,"and says she has grown above the family, because she will not longer partake of things which God has said are not good for man. Which is loyal?

Loyalty is not servility. Many in the world think that we are

180 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

are led about by the nose—by the a servile people—that we

influence of those in authority. This is not true. We are loyal to

our brethren, but not servile. Every true Latterday Saint is loyal

in this manner. Why? Because we know we have that knowledge

within us that those in authority stand as prophets of God unto us, and, if we have the Spirit of God, we recognize his voice, and our loyalty and obedience proceed from that very knowledge; we know

the right and act accordingly. No person can be truly loyal to

the Church and to the authorities of this Church, unless they are keeping the laws of this Church; and no man can be influenced, unless he recognizes the words are just and true; that those brethren

are right. Is the college man "led by the nose"when he accepts

the truth given him by a teacher, and proceeds to carry it out in life? No more are we.

Now, another misconception the world has of us is, that we are disloyal to the government that God has placed over us in this land. If there is one people on the face of the earth who should

be loyal to the government, and who should be loyal to the state, it is this people, the Latterday Saints. Why? Because we have

more revelations—modern revelations—upon our statute books

upon loyalty to government than all the other denominations put together. Christ only suggested the idea when he said, "Render

unbo Csssar the things that are Csesar's, and unto God the things that are God's;"but through the Prophet Joseph Smith, God spoke

and said, "We believe in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers and magistrates, and in obeying and honoring the law. We believe

that governments were instituted of God for the benefit of men,and that he holds men accountable for their acts in relation to them, either in making laws or in administering them for the good and safety of society."Can we be disloyal?

Loyalty to the state, or to the government, is not pessimistic;

it is optimistic.

I wish that every young man who has any hopes or aspirations for a political life would read carefully and thoroughly Webster's

Reply to Hayne, that he might not feel that he was elected to the legislature, or to Congress, to go there selfishly, to serve simply his own section of country; but that he might understand that he

goes there to serve the whole people. We see so much legislation

LOYALTY. 181

that, to me, seems very disloyal. For instance, the "trading"

"if you will pass this bill, which will help my section of the country, I will help you pass that bill, which will help your section'of the country,"without weighing the matter to see whether either may be for the good of the whole people of the land. Too much

of this legislation is "borrowing from Peter to pay Paul,"and from

Paul to pay Peter, until both are impoverished.

Moses, when he voiced the word of the Lord upon tables of stone, said, "Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long in the land which the Lord, thy God, giveth thee."We

come naturally from loyalty to country, to loyalty to our families—the unit of the state. We should be loyal to our mothers

and fathers; we should be loyal to our children. Now, again, it

does not appear to me that loyalty means retrogression, not to gain any more than our mothers and fathers have gained. A

basic principle of our gospel is Eternal Progression. If we were

to follow the footsteps of our parents, neither the fathers and mothers of this audience, or this audience, would be here. Most

of us, or our fathers and mothers, have seen the light, have known that there was greater progress in a new direction, to serve God in a higher way than our fathers and mothers have done; and, therefore, we have felt, in order to be loyal to God and loyal to our

families, in the long run, we must accept this religion, first of all, to forsake fathers and mothers and serve God. This does not

mean, however, that because we have embraced the truth, that we are to throw the poor father and mother out into the street, that we are to consider that they have no claim upon us in the future, because we recognize the truth. Our religion should teach us to

take care of our fathers and mothers. We are to do for them

everything that lies in our power to do; and, as true Latterday

Saints, we will be able to serve them far, far better than we ever could have served them had we remained, as they, perhaps, might have wished us to. Let it not be said of the Latterday Saints,

that their fathers and their mothers are not being taken care of.

Honor your father and mother, love them, care for them, and be patient with them.

We have the grand example of Ruth, of true loyalty. You

lemember the story of the motherin-law of Ruth, how they went 182 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

into the land of Moab, and her two sons married there two Moabite women. These two sons and the father died in that strange

country, and the mother, desiring to return to the children of Israel, started on her way back, and these two daughtersin-law followed her, weeping, to the gate of the city, and Orpah kissed her motherin-law, but Ruth clave unto her, and she said, "Your sister has gone back unto her own people, and unto her gods; return

thou after thy sisterin-law."And Ruth said, "Entreat me not

to leave thee; for whither thou goest, I will go; and whither thou

lodgest I will lodge. Thy people shall be my people, and thy God,

my God."Let us not be afraid, at any time or under any circumstances, to declare the truth which God has made known unto us. Our

President has set a most wonderful example to us, when he stood before the nation, suffering untold humiliation for the truth. God

even now has vindicated him, and the whole people of the United

States look upon him in reverence or wonder. Let us follow in his

footsteps, and not be afraid to confess the truth under any circumstances. And just a week ago, one of our sisters, in St. Louis,

had the courage to stand loyally for her people, and I hope that we will follow her example. Two years ago, a young lady wno had

never before been out of this state at all, was in the east, studying. She was at Chautauqua Lake, New York. There she heard

Dr. Elliot, who had been to Utah, tell lurid tales of her people.

When this girl, not yet twenty years of age, heard her people maligned by one who should have known better, she told the authorities of Chautauqua that Dr. Elliot's tale was a lie, and that

Dr. Elliot knew it; that she had been brought up with this people;

that this people were her people, and that their God was her God.

Dr. George E. Vincent, who will be here next week, was extremely

kind to her, and asked her if she would not like the platform of

Chautauqua to speak upon and to defend her people. That young

girl in all humility, with faith that God would assist her, said that she would be glad to defend her people in that vast theatre at Chautauqua; and therefore she expected to have the privilege of doing

this, and using her might to offset what those other women had said, and declare what she knew to be true. But Dr. Vincent

was very much chagrined, a few days later, when he came to her to

LOYALTY. 183

say that he would have been very glad to have her speak, and used all his influence to get her the opportunity, but the authorities stated that Dr. Elliot's story was the one the people of the United

States wanted to hear, and they did not want to hear the other side truth.—the Let us progress in loyalty, "be constant in service and devotion;"and may we take the admonition of the Savior, that "No

man, having put his hand to the plow, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

YOUTH ON THE FARMThe animals on a farm are a joy and a discipline, too, to the children. What gymnasium offers a chance for youthful development, physical and mental, equal to a yoked pair of untamed yearling steers? In

gaining dominion over them the boy gets the strength and enjoyment which come from learning how mind may dominate all else. As he

"broke"the steers, so in later life he meets difficulties with determination and conquers them. Country life may be made richer by a study

of the most common animals of the farm. They are living, growing, intelligent creatures, and there is sympathy between the child and the

young animals; he loves and understands the calves and the lambs, and

even the young pigs, and they are far safer companions for him than the precocious city youths, already familiar with small vices. When he is a

man, perhaps the head of a large business, or prominent in the affairs of the land, (for such men were usually countrybred,) he remembers the oxteam, the spirited colt, the cows that broke into the cornfield. No

such joy has come to him since as he found in the cool woods watching the squirrels and kingfishers, the young foxes at play, the baby opossums jumping into their mother's pouch, when he broke a twigt trying to get near enough to catch one. Here in the wood where he built a dam and

erected his first waterwheel, he absorbed, unconseiously, what neither city nor books can give. He realizes it in after life, and wishes some

one had helped him, then, to a fuller knowledge and employment of what country life has to give. Farm Journal.

PETER KLAUS.

A GERMAN LEGEND.

All the boys have read Rip Van Winkle, written by that prince of American writers, Washington Irving. If any have not

read the story, then surely they have seen it played on the stage.

It was recently presented in the Salt Lake Theatre, and periodically comes to all playhouses. However,so many may not have heard

of the legend of Peter Klaus, which was the source of Irvings amusing story of Rip. To those who admire Van Winkle, this tale of

Klaus will prove especially interesting. Here it is, then, as told

by an old writer:

Peter Klaus was a goatherd of Sittendorf, and tended his flocks in the Kyffhausen Mountains; here he was accustomed to

let them rest every evening in a mead surrounded by an old wall, while he made his muster of them; but for some days he has

remarked that one of his finest goats always disappeared some time after coming to this spot, and did not join the flock till late;

watching her more attentively, he observed that she slipped through an opening in the wall, upon which he crept after the animal, and found her in a sort of cave, busily employed in gleaning the oatgrains that dropped down singly from the roof. He

looked up, and shook his ears amidst the shower of corn that now fell down upon him, but with all his inquiry could discover nothing.

At last he hears above the stamp and neighing of horses, from whose mangers it was probable the oats had fallen.

Peter was yet standing in astonishment at the sound of horses in so unusual a place, when a boy appeared, who by signs, without speaking a word, desired him to follow. Accordingly he ascended

a few steps and passed over a walled court into a hollow, closed in

PETER KLAUS. 185

on all sides by lofty rocks, where a partial twilight shot through the overspreading foliage of the shrubs. Here, upon a smooth,

fresh lawn, he found twelve knights playing gravely at ninepins, and not one spoke a syllable; with equal silence Peter wa3 installed

in the office of setting up the ninepins.

At first he performed this duty with knees that knocked against each other, as he now and then stole a partial look at the long beards and slashed doublets of the noble knights. By degrees,

however, custom gave him courage; he gazed on everything with

firmer look, and at last even ventured to drink out of a bowl that stood near him, from which the wine exhaled a most delicious odor. The glowing juice made him feel as if reanimated, and

whenever he found the least weariness he again drew fresh vigor from the inexhaustible goblet. Sleep at last overcame him.

Upon waking, Peter found himself in the very same inclosed mead where he was wont to tell his herds. He rubbed his eyes,

but could see no signs either of dog or goats, and was, besides, not a little astonished at the high grass, and shrubs, and trees which he had never before observed there. Not well knowing

what to think, he continued his way over all the places that he had been accustomed to frequent with his goats, but nowhere could he find any trace of them; below him he saw Sittendorf, and at

length, with hasty steps, he descended.

The people whom he met before the village were all strangers to him; they had not the dress of his acquaintance, nor yet did

they exactly speak their language, and, when he asked after his goats, all stared and touched their chins. At last he did the same

almost involuntarily, and found his beard lengthened by a foot at least, upon which he began to conclude that himself and those about him were equally under the influence of enchantment; still

he recognized the mountain he had descended, for the Kyffhausen;

the houses, too, with their yards and gardens, were all familiar to him; and to the passing question of a traveler, several boys

replied by the name of Sittendorf.

With increasing doubts he now walked through the village to his house; it was much decayed, and before it lay a strange goatherd's boy in a ragged frock, by whose side was a dog worn lank

by age, that growled and snarled when he spoke to him. He then

186 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

entered the cottage through an opening which had once been closed by a door; here too he found all so void and waste that he

tottered out again at the back door as if intoxicated, and called his wife and children by their names; but none heard, none answered.

In a short time women and children thronged around the stranger with the long hoary beard, and all, as if for a wager, joined in inquiring what he wanted. Before his own house he

asked others after his wife, or children, or even of himself, seemed so strange that, to get rid of these querists, he mentioned the first name that occurred to him: "Kurt Steffen?"The bystand-

ers looked at each other in silence, till at last an old woman said, "He has been in the churchyard these twelve years, and you'll not go there today.""Velten Meier!"—''Heaven rest his soul!"

replied an ancient dame, leaning upon her crutch; "Heaven rest

his soul! He has lain these fifteen years in the house that he will

never leave."

The goatherd shuddered, as in the last speaker he recognized his neighbor, who seemed to have suddenly grown old; but he had

lost all desire for farther question. At this moment a brisk young

woman pressed through the anxious gapers, carrying an infant in her arms, and leading by the hand a girl of about fourteen years old, all three the very image of his wife. With increasing surprise he asked her name: "Maria!""And your father's?"—"Peter

Klaus! Heaven rest his soul! It is now twenty years since we

sought him day and night on the Kyffhausen Mountains, when his flock returned without him; I was then but seven years old."

The goatherd could contain himself no longer; "I am Peter

Klaus,"he cried, "I am Peter Klaus, and none else,"and he snatched the child from his daughter's arms. All for a moment stood as

if petrified, till at length one voice, and another, and another, exclaimed, "Yes, this is Peter Klaus! Welcome, neighbor!—welcome

after twenty years!"

THE STREETS OF HAVANA.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

In the first place, it should be said that the streets of Havana are among the cleanest in the world. For years the government

of the United States has been obliged to enforce the strictest quarantine regulations against the port of Havana, where yellow fever was so prevalent. As soon as the military department of our

government took possession of the island, a general clean up was ordered, especially in the city of Havana. The rough cobblestone

streets were macadamized and put in the most orderly condition.

Street cleaners were employed regularly, and the whole city put on a Sunday appearance. Since then, the government of Havana

has been ambitious to demonstrate its ability to carry out well what the Americans so effectually began.

The grand promenade of the city is called the Prado. It is

a spacious street, leading from Central Park to the La Punta, the old fort that stood opposite Morro Castle. Much of the fort still

remains. At the foot of the street, which comes up to the pier on

the Atlantic, a large band stand has been erected, and from it, during the winter months, the military band plays for the public three evenings a week. The Prado is about a mile and a half in

length. On both sides of the street next to the residences,

there are carriage drives. In the center is an elevated walk

about twentyfive feet wide, for pedestrians. The walk is amply

provided with seats on either side. At the outer edges on each

side is a row of beautiful laurel trees. In the afternoon and evening, the Prado is quite generally frequented by the people of Havana. During holidays it is literally packed. All classes enjoy

the famous highway.

188 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The houses that border the Prado are among the finest in the city. Their yellow and drab exteriors give but a scanty knowledge

of the beauty that adorns the interior. These houses anywhere

else than in a tropical climate would look quite odd and cheap, but they really give a picturesque appearance to the city.

With two or three exceptions, the streets of Havana are inconveniently narrow. In many of them it would be impossible for

carriages traveling in oppposite directions to pass each other. This

condition has given rise to the necessity of carriages going up one street and down another. The sidewalks are even more inconvenient from their narrowness than the streets. When persons

meet on the sidewalks, one is obliged to step down in the street in order to pass.

In residence districts, the houses come close up to the street.

The windows have before them iron gratings to protect against burglars that at one time infested the city. Through these gratings,when the windows are open, one may look into the front room,

which is generally occupied by the family during the afternoon and evening. It is almost an outdoor life, and the people are not more

conscious of the gaze of passers by than if they were in a German beer garden.

For about four hours, in the middle of the day, in spring and summer, the heat in the streets is quite oppressive, though the

Cubans tell you it is never warm in Havana, even when you stand in their presence mopping streams of sweat from your face.

Sometimes they declare with indignant tones that it never gets warm in Havana. The next breath you may be solemnly warned

not to go out in the middle of the day.

Notwithstanding the fact that the streets are excessively narrow, Havana has an excellent electric street car service. In some

places the sides of the cars cannot be more than two feet from the windows of the stores and the residences; yet the cars are rarely

impeded, and the most perfect order prevails in the handling of passengers. It would not be easv to widen the streets, and it may

not be desirable. As long as they are kept clean, they serve the

people of a tropical land best as they are.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

WIT AND HUMOR IN THE MISSIONFIELD.

Rather Disconcerting.

Elder Blank, while at home, had always been looked upon as a fine example of Utah's best crop; for, besides being wellpropor-

tioned, he rose sixfoot three in his stockings, and was the owner f a handsome countenance. While he was away from home doing

missionary work in England, people almost invariably turned their heads to look at him after he had passed them on the streets.

It happened that he had been sent to Melchester alone. The

third day after his arrival there being Sunday, and having nothing else to do, he stepped into a Methodist chapel for evening service. He had said nothing to anybody in the town about his faith

hence, no one knew who he was. Strangly enough, the subject of

the sermon was "Mormonism."The preacher explained that since

two "Mormon"missionaries had created no small stir in a neighboring town, and since it was rumored that they were coming to

Melchester, he deemed it incumbent upon him, as the spiritual shepherd of the flock, to warn them on the approach of wolves.

He thereupon plunged with great feeling into his subject, following the customary lines of anti-"Mormon"tirades. But for some

inexplicable reason, he laid great stress on the physical shortcomings of the "Mormons,"describing them as a scrawny pygmean race, utterly devoid of the common habits of decency and cleanliness. Probably he conceived dwarfishness of form as being

more compatible with the mental and moral characteristics which these people were said to possess. At any rate he emphasized

this as a great point, for he constantly recurred to it under varipathetic, now humorous, now ironical.ous phases—now

The visiting elder had sat there like the rest, listening to this 190 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

coarse caricature of his people, without manifesting any other signs of his agitated feelings than a paleness and a nervous twitching of the hands. But he determined to utter a word of

explanation, if he could, without creating a disturbance. So, taking

advantage of a pause, after one of these descriptions of a typical "Mormon,"he arose and asked whether he might not put a question.

This unusual interruption brought every eye upon him. Everyone immediately recognized him as "that tall, welllooking stranger"who had recently come to town, and concerning whom there

had been no small amount of curiosity. The minister gave him

the required permission.

"I should like to know,"continued the young man, "if you have ever been to Utah?"

"No, sir,"was the response, "I have been fortunate in that respect.""Upon what grounds, then, do you base your statements concerning the 'Mormons'in Utah?"

"On the wellattested facts brought to light by those who have been there, and who have escaped to tell us their story."

"Then,"said the young man, bringing himself up to his full height, with pardonable pride, and casting his eyes over the congregation, "what do you think of me as a specimen of your pygmean 'Mormons?'"

It is needless to add that the sermon did not progress with the same energy as before.

Casting Out Devils.

This same elder, on another occasion, was holding a meeting in the same town. It was some time after the circumstance we

have just related, when a number of people had begun to investigate the gospel, and regular meetings were being held in a public hall.

The services had been in progress some time when half a dozen men came down the main aisle, as noisily as possible, taking their seats near the front. The speaker waited till they were

seated, and then resumed the discourse.

But the men, especially the leader, had evidently come to

WIT AND HUMOR IN THE MISSIONFIELD. 191

cause trouble; for they talked among themselves in a loud tone,

utterly oblivious, it seemed, of the fact that they were at a religious meeting, and that a 'clergyman was preaching a gospel sermon. Elder Blank paused several times to see if they would

cease. At this they would stop, but only to start again with the

sermon. The speaker next tried persuasion; he asked them kindly

if they would not desist. But this only induced an altercation between him and the leader of the band.

"Ask him to cast out a devil, Jake,"shouted one of the number to the chief.

Now, it happened that Elder Blank had been instrumental the past week in healing a woman who was afflicted by evil spirits;

and the circumstance had been noised abroad. It was to this that

the disturbers of the peace alluded.

"Cast out another devil by the laying on of hands,"cried the six voices derisively.

"All right!"said the preacher, the fire gathering visibly in

his eye. He came down from the pulpit, grabbed the leader by

the coat collar and by the seat of the trowsers, held him out at arm's length in the air, the victim meanwhile kicking furiously, and having reached the door, deposited him violently on the ground.

This done, he walked back with great coolness to the rest and asked: "Do you want to be cast out, too?"

"No!"they answered, "We'll walk."And they went out.

The sermon then proceeded without further interruption.

A Futile Argument on Baptism.

A recent conversation between an elder and a Norwegian lieutenant in the Salvation Army, on the necessity of baptism:

don't believe it is necessary to be born (bapElder.—So you

tized) of water and the spirit to enter into the kingdom of heaven?

(John 3: 5.)

is but one Lieut.—No; because Paul declares that there

God, one faith, and one baptism. Now if we must be baptized

with both the water and the spirit, there would be two baptisms instead of one.

192 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

believe this passage which you have just Elder.—Do you

quoted, and the interpretation you have here given?

Lieut.—Yes.

believe there is only one God? Elder.—Then you

there are three persons in the Godhead. Lieut.—No;

there are three Gods in one God, why can there not Elder.—If

be two baptisms in one baptism? Would it not be more reasonable to believe that Paul meant that there is only one baptism

one which the Savior instituted as recordrecognized by God—the

ed in John 5:3? All other forms of baptism are of men and are

consequetly false.

The lieutenant thought he saw a light, and hurried away.

All the Same to Him!—Sympathy Lost. ]

This is a story from the field in Norway: One of our newly

arrived elders went out tracting. He had just acquired enough

of the language to say: "I am a Latterday Saint missionary;

have you any desire to look at my books?"

The lady accosted asked if he were a "Mormon."On learning

that he was, she began lashing him with her tongue. The elder

waited until she had finished her speech, when he politely said, tak, (thank you) and walked away. Next day the lady came to

the president's office, and told the president how she had treated one of the elders, and how she regretted it. She had not been

able to sleep on account of her conduct, and especially since the elder had not retaliated. The president told her not to feel

sorry, because the young man could not understand a word of what she had said!

GREETING FROM THE FIRST PRESIDENCY.

(From the Christmas "Deseret News")

We extend a hearty greeting to the Latterday Saints throughout the world at this season of general festivity and rejoicing.. We celebrate the anniversary of the birth of the world's

Redeemer, and who, we believe, will be its Lord and King. His

entrance into the world was the signal for the songs of angels and the rejoicings of the heavenly host. He descended below all things

that he might rise above all things, and in that experience comprehend and obtain power over all things. As members of his

of Christ—we recognize him as the head, andChurch—the body

not only as the great teacher but as the veritable Son of God. We

look to him for guidance, we desire to render obedience to him, and we aim to carry out his purposes and designs for the salvation of the human race and the establishment of divine government in the world. For this we are his servants and the servants of his

people, who are united in the bonds of the everlasting covenant, having beenbaptized into him and having received his spirit.

We congratulate the Church on the progress that has been made since its organization on April 6, 1830. Notwithstanding

the opposition that has always been raised against it, the work of the Lord has moved forward#with wonderful strength and rapidity, and is still extending its influence throughout the world. Ever

since the gospel was revealed through the Prophet Joseph Smith, whose birthday occurred on December 23, 1805, and may therefore be properly celebrated also at this season of the year, the Church has moved steadily forward in the accomplishment of the purposes held in view from its inception. The principles revealed by our

Savior, in this great and last dispensation, have been promulgated 194 IMPR VEMENT ERA

among all the leading nations of the earth. They have been carried into heathen lands. Many thousands of honest people have

yielded obedience to them, and hosts of others, not courageous enough to face the anger of a frowning world, have received these truths in their hearts, and the effects are marked in changes for the better that have taken place among the creeds of modern

Christendom. Thus the leaven introduced by the Savior in the

nineteenth century is working its way and will eventually "leaven the whole lump."

We have abundant cause for rejoicing in contemplating the prosperity of a material character which has attended the Latterday Saints during the year nearing its end. Throughout these

mountain vales the blessings of heaven have rested upon the earth.

Crops of all kinds have been prolific, and a rich harvest has rewarded the labors of the husbandman. Thus food has been plentifully provided for the inhabitants of these regions, and a good

surplus has been exported to distant places. In addition to the

cereals that have been raised, and the increase that has attended the flocks and herds that have roamed upon the hills or fattened upon the rich products of the lowlands, the great crops of sugar beets that have been gathered have been a source of wealth to the community. The establishment of sugar factories in Utah and

Idaho has been made possible because of this abundant product.

With advanced experience in the cultivation of the beet, and in the manufacture therefrom of firstclass sugar, we have promise of a full supply of the saccharine article for home consumption, and to supply our neighbors in surrounding states and territories.

All this will greatly promote development of the resources and augment the wealth of this intermountain region.

The action taken by the government towards developing and controlling the streams and waters that can be used for the irrigation of our agricultural lands, gives hope and courage to the farmers, and these are made stronger by the experiments of the

Agricultural college of the state of Utah, which give evidence that by scientific farming abundant cropscan be raised here with the use of much less water than has been customary. With these double

advantages—first the promise of more water, then the evidence

that what we already have will accomplish much more than was

GREETINGS FROM THE FIRST PRESIDENCY. 195

previously can reasonably look for a vastly greater supposed—we

and more compact population in this arid region than that which it at present supports. With a fertile soil, pure air, and the control of abundance of water, the intermountain farmer will be master of the situation.

This year has been specially characterized by the erection and purchase of new mission headquarters and meetinghouses in various fields. No previous year has equalled 1904 in this respect.

Most conspicuous of these is the elegant and substantial building belonging to the Church in Stockholm, the capital of Sweden,which was dedicated in October. The meetinghouse at Aarhus, Denmark,

is also an admirable addition to the outside property of the

Church. Commodious new mission headquarters have been established at Liverpool, England, which is the shipping point, usually,

for emigrating Saints, and the central station of the entire European mission. The old place became unsuited for the advanced

requirements of the Church in that part of the world, and it is very gratifying to note that such convenient and suitable quarters have been secured for the purposes required. In various parts

of the British mission, improvements in these particulars have been effected, which cannot fail to be beneficial to the work in those lands.

The purchase of a commodious chapel and vicarage in Chicago gives stability to the Church there, and supplies the Northern

States mission with comfortable headquarters. The acquisition of

the property at Chattanooga, which was for so long the headquarters of the Southern States mission, and our reoccupancy thereof as our own, has given unbounded satisfaction to the elders and Saints in that mission. A valuable piece of property with a

church building thereon, has also been acquired in Boise, Idaho, where a prosperous and increasing branch of the Northwestern

States mission is being built up. At Brisbane, New South Wales,

property bas been purchased, and a meetinghouse built in a central and very desirable portion of that city.

In Samoa arragements have been completed for the purchase of some valuable tracts of land, where the Saints on those islands can be gathered, and their material interests looked after, as are those of the Hawaiian Saints at the Church plantation at Laie.

196 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Meetinghouses of improved style and greater capacity are being erected both in American and German Samoa. In the Society

Islands a land purchase is being made near Papeete, Tahiti, on which will be built headquarters of that mission, including a meetinghouse.

Not only has the passing year been a building era in the foreign missions of the Church, but at home great activity has been shown in the erection, enlargement and improvement of our places of worship; so much so that we have had to caution some of our

communities that economy and thrift are as essential to real progress in public matters as in private concerns. Indeed, owing to

the fact that the Church is still burdened with a heavy, bonded debt, (a condition, we are thankful to say, that is gradually and rapidly lightening, a still further reduction being at hand) we have, very reluctantly, been compelled to withold the assistance of the

Church in the erection of some public buildings, schoolhouses, assembly halls, etc., which had our financial condition been more

favorable, we should have taken the utmost pleasure to extend.

In this relation we wish again to emphasize our previous suggestions to the Saints regarding the desirability of using their unslackening energies to get out of debt. We know how strong is

the temptation to the ordinary man, when times are good and money easy to obtain, to make unnecessary expenditures, often on borrowed capital, which, in too [many instances, means the mortgaging of the home, and too frequently ends in its loss. Could

our voices be heard throughout the region where the Latterday

Saints most largely dwell, they would be raised in protest against this practice of endangering our hold on the roof that covers those who rightly look to us for care and wives protection—our

and children. We can conceive of but few conditions where such

would be permissible, much less commendable. In flush times like

the present, our advice is: get out of debt, and then keep out.

One of the most pleasing additions to our public buildings at home is the handsome structure erected for the Dr. Groves Latter-day Saints Hospital in this city. It is in all respects a splendid establishment. It is as nearly perfect for the purpose designed as is possible in the present stage of progress in such institutions. It was modeled after the very best plans obtainable.

GREETINGS FROM THE FIRS1 PRESIDENCY. 197

It is fitted with all the modern improvements for surgical and medical aid to the afflicted. It has been pronounced by experts

who have traveled the world over, the very best of the kind they have ever seen in either hemisphere. It would do credit to any

city in the:epublic. With the skill and talent available here, and

the opportunities the hospital affords for the alleviation of pain and the cure of disease, this institution cannot fail to prove of immense benefit to the unfortunates who need such aid as it will assuredly impart.

Another subject which lies near to our hearts is that of mutual help among the people of God. Our motto is not simply,

"Live and let live,"but "Live and help to live."We should help

to make the lives of others happy and progressive. The kindly

word fitly spoken should be followed by timely action. This is a

season when tokens of affection and esteem are offered in

Christmas gifts. This is a pleasing and commendable custom, but

the mere present bestowed is not of so much worth as is the loving look and kindly words that should accompany them. Costly

gifts beyond the means of the giver are unwise, and wisdom and discretion should be exercised concerning them. It is not prudent

to vie with one another in rich and costly presents involving liabilities difficult to meet, for, after all, it is the loving remembrance, and the spirit in which gifts are made that commend them to the recipients, and it should be kept in mind that the mere annual gift or birthday present will not fill the void that may have been caused by careless neglect or thoughtless [inattention during the other parts of the year. The poor should be remembered particularly

at this festive season. No one should be left without the comforts

of life while we are rejoicing over the advent into the world of

Him who taught love and charity and peace to be extended even to our enemies. The poor ought always to receive our aid, and at

Christmas time especially they should be supplied with comforts suitable to the occasion.

Our educational affairs are in splendid form, and steadily advancing. Separate and distinct entirely from the public schools

and university, and receiving no aid from the state or the nation, they are yet institutions of which the Latterday Saints may well

Toe proud. The Brigham Young University at Provo, the L. D. S.

198 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA

University at Salt Lake City, the Brigham Young College at Logan, are among the chief educational institutions of the Church, while the various stake academies and high schools in different parts of

Utah and the regions surrounding, are all admirable establishments and performing a grand work in higher education among our people. They receive such aid from Church funds as is possible to

extend with the means available.

The chief additions to Church literature during the year have been the publication of the second volume of the History of the

Church, of a vest pocket edition of the Doctrine and Covenants, and of a complete concordance to the Book of Mormon. This

sacred record has also during the year been published in the Tahitian tongue, and a new edition in the Hawaiian is passing through the press. Of Church works at present in active preparation are

the third volume of the History of the Church; a Church history,

adapted in style and conciseness for the use of our youth, and a concordance of the book of Doctrine and Covenants. A number of excellent publications explanatory of the doctrine and

discipline of the Church have been issued by their respective authors, who are personally responsible for tneir contents and whose efforts to extend information are to be highly commended. The

standard works of the Church, however, recognized and adopted as such by the Latterday Saints, remain, as formerly, the Bible, (King James'translation), the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and

Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price. The periodicals which

have the largest circulation among the Saints, are the Deseret

News, daily and semiweekly, the Improvement Era, the Juvenile

Instructor. Other publications are too numerous to mention,

which are each commendable in their respective spheres. The

promotion of literary talent, and the encouragement of all branches of art and science, mark the progress of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints.

We are highly gratified at the increace of faith, hope and charity among the Latterday Saints. The spirit that prevails

among them, especially in those localities where they constitute the great body of the inhabitants, is that of kindness, love and unity. Health abounds; peace leigns, and the song of praise, and

the sound of prayer ascend morning and evening to the Great

GREETINGS FROM THE FIRST PRESIDENCY. 199

Father of us all from the homes of his people, while the Sabbath day is regularly celebrated in public worship and in sacramental commemoration of the atonement wrought out by him whose birth into the world we now celebrate.

In all these circumstances and events we find cause for rejoicing and encouragement. We congratulate the Saints on the

advancement that is being made and the prospects that are opening before them. Notwithstanding the skepticism, doubt and division

existing in the world concerning divine things, the light of the gospel revealed anew in these latter days is penetrating the darkness of this world. Prejudice is being overcome; the fairminded

and honorable of the earth are becoming better acquainted with the work in which we are engaged, and with the people who have wrought marvels in this once desert waste. The truth is going

onward to victory. It will most certainly triumph. The fight

may be protracted and vigorous, but the Lord is with his people!

In his might we shall conquer. He whose birthday we celebrate

will come in due time, and take possession of the kingdom. He

will reign over all the earth. The kingdoms of this world will be

his. He who was the babe in the manger of Bethlehem will be

the acknowledged monarch of all the earth. Until he comes

whose right it is to reign, the Saints, as commanded, will be "subject unto the powers that be."They will support good government, they will be obedient to righteous laws. They will serve

their Savior and their Redeemer, and will look for his coming as their sovereign and their Lord. In his name we bless the Saints,

and wish them and all mankind a happy and joyful Christmas.

Joseph F. Smith,

John R. Winder,

Anthon H. Lund.

TOPICS OF MOMENT.

The Bering Sea Route.

One is constantly reminded that some day we may have an allrail route from America to Asia and Europe. Surveys and soundings have been made, and the scheme of tunneling under the Bering

sea pronounced perfectly feasible. From the measurements taken,

it is found that the greatest depth of the sea between the two continents is one hundred and sixtyfive feet, and the distance between the shores, thirtyeight miles. About half way between

the mainlands are Diomede islands. The time saved by such a

road would be something like eight days.

For years the agitation! over such a route has been kept up

by engineers who would like to gain glory and, of course, some money by such an undertaking. Now a French engineer is circulating in this country an illustrated pamphlet containing estimates

of, and an account of the means to be adopted in, such a project.

Whether it should become a fact accomplished in this generation, it is gratifying,to get the geographical information which such proposed schemes furnish.

After reaching [the far north, a traveler would have, during the winter season of four months, constant night travel. The

scheme seems quite fantastic now, but experience of the past forbids ridicule over the improbable. The project receives more earnest and thoughtful consideration as time goes on.

When the commerce of Alaska justifies the extension of a railroad along the coast of British Columbia, we may not be far away from a tunnel under the Bering sea. It would certainly be

the most wonderful engineering feat of the age. Russia could

easilyjneet us on the other continent. We are learning more and

TOPICS OF MOMENT. 201

more the value of northern lands that were considered, only a few years ago, a frozen wilderness.

The Situation in Manchuria.

More than half a million men are face to face along the banks of the Shakhe river, just south of Mukden, the ancestral home of the present ruling dynasty of China. Beyond question, the Russians have been so heavily reenforced that they have more soldiers at their command than have the Japs. Recent estimates put

the number of Russians at three hundred thousand. While the

country is not so favorable to defensive warfare as that out of which the Japs have forced the Russians, earthworks have been employed so skilfully that siege guns find it difficult to reach the soldiers behind their earthworks.

From now on, the struggle will be more intense and more even, and the loss of men is likely to be far greater, if decisive battles are engaged in. The loss of men will be so appalling that

generals will naturally hesitate to take the offensive that will result, even if a battle is won, in the slaughter of so many human beings. It lies, however, in the interest of Japan to crowd the Russians back, if possible, as far as Harbin. It is the chief city, and the

administrative center of the Russians. From it, the great Siberian

railway forks, one branch going east to Vladivostok and the other south to Port Arthur.

If the Russians could be pressed beyond the Sungari river, the Japanese would be able to defend their position in Manchuria with about onehalf the men Russia would require. The expense,

then,of maintaining'the latter's army would be four times as great as that required for the Japs. The latter would then have in the rear

of them Manchuria, whose expansive and rich fields would support easily a Japanese army large enough to keep the Russians back.

The Russians would be obliged to bring all their provisions from

European Russia and Siberia. It would tax the railroad almost to

its limit to sustain three hundred thousand soldiers in the field.

In a waiting game, the Japs would have a great advantage, as they have reduced the death rate from army diseases to a minimum. Probably four or even five Russians die to one Jap. In our

Spanish war, it is said, fourteen thousand men died from various 202 1MPRO VEMENT ERA.

diseases to one hundred in battle. It does not now seem like

either side can move the other without a loss that would be almost a national crime against humanity. It is, of course, still

possible that after the Japs have taken Port Arthur, they may be so reenforced by men and guns as to dislodge the Russians, and force them back to Harbin. It is even possible that the two

armies may lock themselves in such a life and death struggle that the whole fortune of the war would be staked on a single battle.

It is hardly likely the Russians would accept such a chance. Their

policy will be to make it as costly as possible for their enemies before they cross the Sungari and lose Harbin. It really seems now

as if the war must close in a draw battle.

It is not, after all, to the advantage of Japan to waste men and money in an effort to take Harbin, for under its pronounced policy Japan demands only Port Arthur, the seacoast around to the

Yalu river from Liaotung peninsula, and Corea. That is, Japan

will control hereafter the policy of Corea and become its tutor, as well as develop the resources of the country.

It will be impossible for Japan to get a money indemnity from

Russia, though she might take the Manchurian railroad, which is really owned by Russia, though technically it is a private corporation. After Japan has shown her ability to cope with Russia

single handed, has put the latter's navy out of commission, and established herself in Port Arthur, all has been done that is necessary to accomplish Japan's purposes; provided, of course, that Russia is compelled to evacuate Manchuria. Further fighting is unnecessary, and will be continued by the Japs only to compel the

Russians to withdraw their army. If Japan cannot force the Russians farther north, she can at least hold the ground she has won,

and await the process of exhaustion.

Russian Views of the North Sea Controversy.

The manner in which the Russians view the North Sea controversy reveals something of Russian character, and explains just how such an unfortunate affair could happen. The official class

cannot understand why England should make such a fuss over a few fishermen. In Russia the loss of a hundred or more peasants

would not have been so serious a matter, and then why should:

TOPICS OF MOMENT. 203

England be so particular about the matter,so long as Russia would have been perfectly willing to compensate liberally the families of the dead fishermen?

The navy officers, at St. Petersburg, according to the reports

from there, have not been the least perturbed over the probability of a war with England. Let her come on, is the answer to what

might happen. They cannot understand fully why England should

hesitate to accept the report of Rozdhesvensky. It might be

taken with a wink, and accepted, if not believed.

The poorer classes feel that England simply wants to make trouble for Russia, as the former has been doing all through the war. If England is not prompted by evil motives toward Russia,

why should she want to go to war because of the loss of a few fishermen? They think it must have been a real Japanese danger

that Russia had to combat.

Then there are the men of real merit, men upon whose shoulders the affairs of state rest heavily. They are not princes

by birth, but men whose efficient services have brought them to the front. They hope for an amicable adjustment of the troubles,

and show evidence of deep concern. Their apprehensions are not

shared by the bureaucracy that has no sympathy for those men who, according to the royal scion's way of thinking, make altogether too much fuss over trifles. It is difficult for those in constitutional governments to appreciate the obstacles that beset the

worthy ruling class of Russia, a class that is constantly humiliated by the princes of royal blood, who act as a sort of kitchen cabinet to the Czar.

It is further revealed that the great majority of the men who man the Baltic fleet are not trained seamen, but rather landlubbers, who have been drafted into service to take the place of the seamen who had already been called to the far East. What a fleet manned

by such incompetents can hope to do, in a contest with Japan, is something that no one but a Russian will attempt to explain. It

seems incredible that Russia would send a fleet of magnificent warships to their certain destruction.

After all, the Russians are a goodtempered people who do not take seriously their misfortunes, as other nations would do. In

the midst of all Russia's trouble, there is little evidence that the 204 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

men at the head of the affairs of state have ever lost their equilibrium. They are as diplomatic as ever; and whatever there may

be to disturb them beneath the surface, it never appears in outward expression. They are not boisterous, and display little excitement.

The Russian official can be as magnanimously obliging to the powerful, as he is overbeariDg and intolerant to the weak.

A National Revroach.

If the reports of the conduct of German officers towards recruits, who come from all parts of the empire to be trained as soldiers, be true, Germany is certainly subject to the reproach of the civilized world. The underofficers have been, it is said,

wantonly cruel. The soldier is treated with less consideration than

a poor dumb brute. He is struck for every trifling violation of

rule of discipline with which he is hardly acquainted. During the

FrancoPrussian war, many an underofficer was found shot in the back, evidently by the very soldiers he led. They had had their

opportunity of revenge.

Those who have watched the poor recruits subjected, on the training grounds, to violent treatment and profane denunciations, have felt that the ordinary soldier was regarded simply as a fighting machine by his superiors. The abuse of the German soldier

has been the theme of many a writer on conditions in Germany.

The press has frequently pointed out the brutality of German officers. Complaints have been made, and the Emperor has given

repeated warning, all apparently without avail.

To the recruits in Potsdam the other day, he delivered himself of the following stirring words in the presence of his officers:

"Only the recruit who is treated well will take pleasure and pride in performing his duties, and I ask every one of you soldiers here now to report immediately any officer or noncommissioned officer who abuses you. It is your duty to do this, and I give you my

imperial word that the guilty one shall be severely punished, no matter what his rank. I want my officers, commissioned and noncommissioned, to know that it is cowardly, dishonorable, and unsoldier-like to abuse a man who cannot defend himself, because he

is below rank, and I want you young men who, from now on, have the honor of wearing the uniform of my guard to feel that you

TOPICS OF MOMENT. 205

have in your Kaiser a fatherly friend, who wants your cooperation to stamp out an evil which is a disgrace to the German army.

Without your help I cannot do it, and I therefore expect that you will give it to me for your own sake, and for those who come after you."

Russian Movement for Liberty.

No sooner had Prince SviatopolskMirski, the new Russian

Minister of the Interior, been appointed to succeed the late Von

Plehve, who was assassinated last July, than he attracted attention by his declaration that he would be guided in his official conduct by a liberal administrative policy. He is of Polish origin, and has

had considerable political experience, among which is that of having been GovernorGeneral of Vilna. In an interview given out at

Vilna he early declared his belief in the Russian "Zemstvos,"or local government boards, and also advocated a more humanitarian attitude toward the Jews. The press also, it was understood,

would have greater freedom than heretofore, the stringent policy towards Finland was to be modified, and the system of banishment by administrative decree was to be abolished. These policies

were urged by a gathering or conference of prominent members of the "Zemstvos,"held in St. Petersburg, in the middle of November. A hundred men took part, and the boldness with which

they formulated demands for local selfgovernment and equal justice indicates that the liberals believe that they have in this crisis an unprecedented opportunity to secure popular rights. The

whole question of the relation of the government to the people was freely discussed by the conference which was guaranteed immunity from police interference by the Minister of the Interior.

Ten resolutions were adopted, to be presented to the Czar, asking a more liberal administration, and complaining of the Russian "abnormal system of government, due to the complete estrangement of government and people, and the absence of the mutual confidence so necessary to national life."

The memorial presenting these resolutions and petition to the

Czar concluded with "the hope that it is the wish of the Czar to snmmon a national assembly."Many believed that the Emperor

would not even consent to receive a petition making such radical 206 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

demands, and others predicted that Minister Mirski would lose his place for allowing such meeting of the Zemstvos to be held.

But, strange to say, the Czar not only received the memorial presented by the Minister of the Interior,but asked for an interview with the Zemstvos conference; whereupon a deputation of four leaders

was received at the palace, who explained their views and wishes at length. The Czar is said to have been greatly impressed by

what was said to him, and he asked many questions, but his intentions have so far not been made public.

These Zemstvos are composed not only of peasants but also of nobles; and in them,landed proprietors, and those who, prior to

the edict of the former Czar, in 1864, establishing these councils, were their serfs, meet for the occasion on a footing of equality.

Strange to say, too, peasant and noble are united in a plea for more liberty. While great enthusiasm prevails in the cities and

universities, every effort is being made by the Liberals to avoid demonstrations and revolutionary manifestations, not wholly with success, for early in December a serious demonstration was with difficulty quelled by the police. Finland and her leaders have

sent a message of greeting to the Zemstvos. The resolution calling for a national assembly reads as follows, and is signed by 31

out of 32 of the Zemstvos represented:

In order to secure the proper development of the life of the state and the people, it is imperatively necessary that there be regular participation of national representatives, sitting as an especially elected body, to make laws, regulate the revenue and expenditure, and determine the legality of the actions of the administration.

What it may all lead to is a question of much doubt, for it must be remembered that while Mirski believes in the Zemstvos, he believes in them only so far as they shall be no risk to the established system of government. Von Plehve did not believe in

them because he thought they contained the germ of a national representative parliament,and so he did everything in his power to hamper their activities. It must also be remembered that the

Russian people are not prepared for constitutional government, as the most liberal governments understand it. The present crisis,

however,is very interesting, affording a clue to the internal strugTOPICS OF MOMENT. 207

gle going on between the progressives and reactionists at court, the result of which, let us hope, will be greater liberty for the common people, and less power for the bureaucrats.

The Cold Storage Industry.

The wonderful growth of the cold storage industry in the

U nited States is one of the greatest of our modern economic achievements. It not only brings the products of distant parts of the

country to our populous centres in good, sound condition, bat it serves as a preservation and enrichment of what might otherwise be an unproductive industry. The value of the cold storage system is strikingly illustrated in the preservation of our apple crops.

A few years ago, the apple orchards of the United States were small, scattered, and very imperfectly cultivated: today, this industry is pursued on a large scale in various parts of the United

States. The apple is, perhaps, the king of fruits because of its

universal use as a food of excellent quality and hygienic effects;

it may be used during a considerable portion of the year to good advantage. Its culture has hardly taken hold of the people of

Utah, and yet this state might produce as fine an apple as can be found in any part of the country. Heretofore,the apple has been

kept under the common storage system of cellars and pits, which have both been imperfect and have entailed a heavy loss upon the apple growers of the country. The cold storage system, on the

the other hand, maintains the apple for a long period of time in most excellent condition.

We can easily appreciate this new system when we consider that in 1898 there were 800,000 barrels of apples preserved by this means, and in 1902, 2,000,971 barrels were kept in cold storage to be distributed as the people throughout the country needed them. According to the statistics in the common methods of

storage in 1898, there were 400,000 barrelr, in 1902 there were 1,236,750 barrels.

The new system of cold storage is of great advantage to small farmers, and in a country where ice may be had in such a great abundance as in ours, the system offers great inducement to capital, and in time we shall come to a systematic and profitable 208 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

culture of the apple, which is at present lamentably neglected in our state. At the present time, New York state is reaping the

greatest benefits from its apple crop.

GENTILE, JEW OR CHRISTIAN.

Gentile, in all thy worldly wisdom proud,

Thy faith, thy hope,'is but uncertainty;

Thy knowledge and thy power can ne'er unshroud

The wond'rous myst'ries of eternity!

Science, thy stronghold, cannot satisfy

The yearning of the soul, the heart's deep sigh.

Poor Jew, thou child of promises so great,

Thine is but expectation to this day!

God sent you the Redeemer; but his fate,

The Cross, the debt of all mankind to pay.

Away with doubt and waiting, up, rejoice'

Accept the gospel plan and hear his voice.

Good Christian, why, why wilt thou be so blind,

When God's own word is open for thy gaze?

You say the Christ has come, but still we find

With you but little truth of those good days.

Where is the living word today, as then,

Authority among the sons of men?

But hark, a voice is heard above them all:

The Lord again has spoken to our earth,

Descended from his glorious, heavenly hall,

To give the latest dispensation birth:

His holy priesthood is restored again,

With power to bind on earth, today, as then.

The dear old message once again we hear:

Repent and be baptized, and ye shall see

The blessings of the gospel ever near,

To save your souls throughout eternity.

To Christian, Gentile, Jew, or who ye be,

Obedience thereto will make you free.

Otto J. Monson.

Christiania, Norway.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

HARMONY.

Within the past two years much has been said, in manyquarters, both within the Church and outside of it, upon the subject of "Harmony,"as a doctrine of the Church; how it affects the

membership of the Church, and as it is supposed to subsist among members of the respective quorums of the priesthood. Not only

have some leading elders expressed views upon the subject, but it has also been the subject of discussion in High Councils in some of the stakes. Also attorneysat-law, more or less learned in

nice distinctions and the force of words, have given their interpretation of "Harmony,"as understood in the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, before the Senate Committee on Privileges and Elections.

In view of this very wide discussion of so interesting, and, to the Church, so important a subject, it may not be amiss for me to say a word. To begin with, I may be permitted to express at least

a mild degree of surprise at the fact that some, not members of the Church, in their presentation of the subject,have given a coloring of sinister import to their definitions; as if there were a menace

to the full and perfect liberty of the members of the Church in what I shall call our doctrine of harmony. It will not be necessary

for me to expressly disclaim this sinister import, this "menace"to liberty, in our doctrine of harmony, as I hope the treatment of the subject itself will dispel all such false ideas respecting our views.

Harmony! What is it? What is it, in its universal aspect?

What is it,with special reference to the understanding the Latter 210 IMPROVEMEN1 ERA.

day Saints should have of it, as affecting the membership of the

Church, or subsisting in the quorums of the priesthood? In its universal aspect, harmony is described as "accord in feeling, manner,or action; ***** completeness and perfection, resulting from diversity in unity.""Concord"and "agreement"as well

as "accord"are given in the dictionaries as synonyms of harmony.

But it is remarked by the latest authorities upon these synonyms that "concord implies more volition than accord; as, their views

were found to be in perfect accord; or, by conference concord

was secured. We do not secure accord, but discover it. Conformity is [or may be but] submission to authority or necessity."So

also, "we may speak of being in accord with a person on one point, but harmony is wider in range."That is, it implies accord at all

points. Then as to agreement: "harmony,"say the authorities, "is

deeper and more essential than agreement. We may have a superficial, forced, patchedup agreement, but never a superficial, forced,

or patchedup harmony."From all which it appears that none of

the terms considered are exact synonyms of harmony. And this

agrees with the most subtle of philosophers who said: "There is an

absurdity in saying that harmony is composed of elements which are still in a state of disagreement."Such as may come, for instance, from elements forced into, or patched into, an agreement;

or from conformity through submission to authority, or necessity;

or from accordance at one or two points only. Harmony, then, is

more than concord, deeper than agreement, and of wider range than accord. It is that complete, perfect union at all points that

blends the several into one. It is the "Nevertheless, not as I

will, but as thou wilt,"of Jesus, in his address to his Father. In

its most perfect expression, it is the oneness of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit. In its somewhat less perfect aspect, it is the

onemindedness, the oneheartedness, the likemindedness of the

Saints, so frequently spoken of in the scriptures and prayed for by the apostles. It is that oneness of the disciples of Jesus which is

to be as the oneness between the Father and the Son, for which

Jesus prayed in Gethsemane. This is harmony in its universal

aspect.

As to harmony, with special reference to the understanding that the Latterday Saints should have of it, as affecting the memEDITOR'S TABLE. 211

bership of the Church, or as subsisting in the quorums of the priesthood, I would say that such harmony as is described in the foregoing remarks is the harmony that is sought to be established among the Saints, and in the membership of the respective quorums. That is to say, a harmony that comes from seeing eye to

eye in all things; from understanding things alike; a harmony that

is born of perfect knowledge; perfect honesty, perfect unselfishness, perfect love. This is the harmony the Church would inculcate among its members, and such the elements from which she

would have it arise. But alas! in this world, where we can but

know in part, and see in part, or but as through a glass darkly, and where even love is not without alloy, it is doubtful if that perfect harmony for which we hope, and strive, and pray—as did the

attained.prophets and saints of God in other days,—may be

It is with harmony as it is with all the ideals of the gospel.

The saints and elders of the Church may fail in perfect attainment of them, in this life, but they may approximate to them. "In

nothing, perhaps,"says a thoughtful writer, "is it given to man to arrive at the goal of excellence he has proposed to himself; his

glory is in advancing towards it."While that is true respecting

all the ideals of the gospel, and as true of the perfect harmony we seek to attain as of other ideal conditions, yet we recognize the fact that a certain degree of harmony is essential in the Church as a working principle. This degree of harmony, essential in the

Church, among the members and in the quorums of the priesthood, is neither hard to understand nor difficult of attainment. Neither

is it a new principle, nor peculiar to the Church of the Latterday

Saints. It is as old as the society of men. It is common to all

parliaments, congresses, convenmen working in community—to

tions, boards, bureaucracies, and conferences of all descriptions.

In the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints this essential harmony consists of such union or agreement as is necessary to the accomplishment of the purposes of the organization. These

purposes, in the main, are accomplished through the several councils of the priesthood, and through the conferences of the Church;

hence, the work is done by the combined actions of groups of individuals, and of necessity must be by their agreement or consent.

With men of varying intelligence, judgment and temperament, of 212 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

course it follows that in the consideration of a given matter there will be a variety of views entertained, and discussion of the subject will nearly always develop a variety of opinions. All this, by the

way, is not detrimental to the quality of any proposed action, since the greater the variety in temperament and training, of those in conference, the more varied will be the viewpoints from which the subject in question is considered, until it is likely to be presented in almost every conceivable light, and its strength as well as its weakness developed, resulting in the best possible judgment being formed of it. It is these considerations which doubtless led to

the aphorism, "In the midst of counsel there is wisdom."It will

sometimes happen, of course, in the experiences of councils or conferences,that all present may not be brought to perfect agreement, with reference to the proposed action; but, upon submission

of the question to an expression of judgment, it is found that a majority of those having the right to decide a given matter determine it in a certain way. And now the question arises, what shall

be the course of those who are in the minority, those not in agreement, perfectly, with the decision? Shall they go from the council

or conference and contend for their views against the decision rendered, and be rebellious and stubborn, in adhering to their own judgment, as against the judgment of the majority of the council or conference who had the right to determine what the action should be? The right answer, I think, is obvious. The judgment

of the majority must stand. If it is the action of the council or

conference having the final word upon the subject, it becomes the decreed action, the rule or law, and must be maintained as such until greater knowledge or changed circumstances shall cause those who rightfully established such decision to modify or abolish it.

Of course, if a member or members of the minority regard the action of the majority as a violation of some fundamental principle, or subversive of the inherent rights of men, against which they conceive it to be a matter of conscience to enter protest or absolute repudiation, I understand it is their right to so proceed;

but this, let it be understood, would be revolutionary, it would be rebellion,and, if persisted in, could only end in such persons voluntarily withdrawing, or being severed from the organization.v They

cannot hope to be retained in fellowship, and enjoy the rights and

EDITORS TABLE. 213

privileges of the Church, and at the same time be making war upon its decisions or its rules and policy. But no power on earth,

certainly no power in the Church, can prevent men dissatisfied with the Church from absolutely withdrawing from it; and such is the

disfavor with which the Church is regarded, by the world, that such withdrawals would in most cases be rewarded by the applause of the world. Or, if the dissatisfaction of the member be only

with the quorum or council of the priesthood with which he is connected, he would be at liberty to withdraw from that quorum or council, and still retain his membership in the Church. On the

other hand, the harmony which I spoke of as being essential to the Church certainly demands that the Church shall not tolerate, and indeed, if the life of the organization persists, it cannot tolerate, such internal conflicts as those just alluded to, as they would lead to confusion, anarchy, disruption, and final abolishment of the organization.

This phase of the subject may be illustrated, in a way, by reference to the union which subsists between the states which form the American Nation. No one, I believe, will deny the

ultimate right of revolution to the American, people considered en masse, or as groups collected within state lines; so long as we hold

with our Nation's Declaration of Independence that it is a selfevident truth that when any form of government becomes destrucof the people'stive of the ends of government—the preservation

is the rightright to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness—it

of the people to alter or abolish it. So long as we hold this to be

a selfevident truth, I repeat, we may not deny the ultimate right of revolution. But it has been held, and with an emphasis no less

decisive than the great Civil War, that it is a solecism to suppose that a state may remain in the Union and yet be bound by no other of its laws than those it may choose to obey, and it is now a settled principle in our country that there can be no secession of a state from the Union without revolution. So with the Church

and its members, and also with the quorums and councils of the priesthood and their members. If, in the opinion of members of

any of these bodies, decisions or policies become violative of fundamental principles, or result in hardships or injustice not to be endured, then the members may resort to what would be equiva214 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

lent, in a state, to revolution: that is, they can sever their connection with the organization, and take such course of opposition as

they may think the occasion requires. But surely they may not

remain within the organization,and persist in taking such a course as disturbs the peace or threatens the very existence of the organization. The right of the organization to perpetuate its

existence would justify it in disciplining such recalcitrant members, and, in the event of failing to bring them to repentance, it would have the undoubted right to expel them.

When men enter the Church, or become members of the quorams of its priesthood, they do so with a full knowledge of the existence and operation of these principles; for, as before remarked, they are but the terms of convention common to all community work. Therefore, it would be an unreasonable contention

to hold that a member of the Church, or a member of any quorum of its priesthood organization, could persist in opposition to itsdecisions and policy, and still maintain his membership in the organization. Whenever decisions are rendered by the councils

theof the priesthood, or the conferences of the Church—after

period of consideration and discussion is passed, and final action the duty of the minority to make the decisions ofhad,—itjbecomes

said councils or conferences their dscisions, and to maintain them honestly, as the rule or policy of the Church, by adhering to and advocating them, as if they were in perfect accord with their individual convictions. And this is the essential harmony which, in

the commencement of this discourse, I contended was necessary to the Church, and, for that matter, to every organization which is to have any assurance of permanent existence or efficiency of administration.

There is one other element to be considered in this matter of harmony, as a doctrine of the Church, which may not operate in other community efforts of men; and that is, the living presence

and effective force of the Holy Spirit. That Spirit, it must be remembered, is, by way of preeminence, called "The Spirit of Truth,

which proceedeth from the Father."He teaches all things; and

brings to the remembrance of the Saints all the instructions of the

Master. He guides into all truth; and, as in all truth there is

unity or harmony, so, it is to be believed that if the Saints are in

EDITOR'S TABLE. 215

possession of this Spirit, the harmony in the Church of Christ will be superior to the harmony that can be looked for or hoped for, in any other organization whatsoever. And because the Saints have

free access to the Holy Spirit, and may walk within his light and fellowship, and possess the intelligence which he is able to impart, a stricter harmony among the Saints may be insisted upon, than in any other organization of men whatsoever. For the same reason, lack of harmony may be more severely censured, and persistent opposition and rebellion more justly denounced and swiftly

punished.

In all things, however, patience and charity must be exercised less in seeking the perfect harmony we hope for,than in—and no

other things. The present state of imperfect knowledge, the

struggle it is for all men to live on those spiritual heights where they may be in communion with God, must be taken into account, and due allowance made for human weakness and imperfections.

So that, while the existence of that degree of harmony essential as a working principle in the Church must always be imperatively demanded, beyond that, the Church in the matter of harmony may well afford to exercise forbearance and charity towards all its members, until the day of more perfect knowledge shall arise upon the Saints; a day when, through a wider effusion, and a deeper

penetration of the Holy Spirit, they may be brought to stand in perfect harmony with each other, and with God.

Joseph F. Smfth.

AIR AND VENTILATION.

One of the important considerations tending to the enjoyment of good health is plenty of fresh air. It would seem unnecessary to

reiterate this truth,were it not known that so many people are careless, indifferent, or even criminally negligent, on this point. During the winter months, people are even more apt to neglect ventilating their homes than during the summer months, when the heat

216 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

compels the opening of doors and windows to let in the cooler air. During the cold months,it is no uncommon thing for them to

take it for granted that cold air is fresh air, and so let cold bedrooms remain unventilated for days at a time. But cold air may

be just as foul as warm air. Hence, the need of ventilating in cold

weather as well as in warm. If you seek health and vigor, let the

windows to your sleeping apartments be opened for the night, so that the fresh air may fill your lungs with vitality; and let the

rooms of your home have ample ventilation by throwing open doors and windows, if necessary, for air and sunshine, even if this be done at the cost of fuel. Abundant ventilation both in warm

and cold rooms will save many a dreary headache, and be the means of imparting health and vigor to the children. Don't be

.afraid of fresh air.

FIRST SPIRITUAL THEN TEMPORAL.

Remember, to be carnally minded is death, and to be spiritually minded is life eternal.—II Nephi 9: 39.

One who stops to consider the history of the Latterday

Saints, both as experienced in these valleys, and in the early rise of the Church, will readily see that those who have wrought, have done so for faith and principle, and not for temporal advantage or material gain. In fact,it has almost become a true saying: To

be a Latterday Saint is to be poor and dispised. Certainly no

person, in early times, having only the main chance in view for material wealth and comfort, would ever have thought of identifying himself with the Saints; and the situation is not much

changed today.

But to their spiritual blessings, and to the joy ef the simple life led by the Saints because of their belief in the gospel of

Christ, there has been added by our Father in Heaven, in later years, many material blessings. Our people in a degree are prosperous. They have valuable and productive farms, which are yearly

EDITORS TABLE. 217

being made more valuable by the skill and experience of the husbandmen; our grain, beet, and tomato fields are responding with

abundant yields, from the touch of improved methods, seconded by ability and understanding in preserving and marketing our products. We have gold and silver, and copper; the mercantile,manufacturing, and mining industries, in which many are engaged, respond abundantly to intelligent care and wise manipulation,to such

an extent that many among us have been made comparatively wellto-do.

To this condition there can be no objection so long as we keep in view one of the main thoughts of our religion: They who

enjoy a rich spiritual life, and an abounding faith in all that is good and true, are rich in very deed, with or without material wealth. But if we are to begin to measure the value of our religion by the material blessings which we enjoy, there will soon be

great shrinkages in both happiness and faith. On the contrary,

we will ever remain more content and vastly wealthier by measuring the value of our material blessings by the overflowing measure of spiritual joy and abounding faith.

I am led to reason thus by circumstances which recently have crowded to the front. There are people who would be good

Saints, and happy spiritually, if they were only well provided for temporally. These people seem to forget the words of the Savior:

"Seek ye first the Kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all

these things shall be added unto you."They rather reverse this

injunction.

Here is a man in a distant part writing to us, saying, "I believe in the gospel and am favorable to your people,"and then follows the milk in the cocoa nut, "I would like to join your people; can you secure me remunerative employment, at such and

such an occupation?"But the feeling in the heart of such a one

is always: "I take no chances; no occupation, no faith; no temporal emoluments, no spiritual efforts."It should be first faith,

then occupation; first spiritual effort and life, then temporal salvation.

It is not alone strangers who thus have an eye only for material blessings and comforts, but there are a few young people 21 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

among us, and their numbers seem daily to be growing, who havefallen into the same error. Friends are even found,now and then,

who come pleading to the authorities for certain young people who are to be favored temporally in order that they may be saved spiritually. "Can not this and that be done,"is the plea, "to save

them to the Church? If provided with place and position, they

may be saved, otherwise, there is danger of their falling overboard!"

Now the reply to such pleas can only be this: "The Church is

not purchasing converts. It has never done so, either in reality

or by implication, and certainly it is not doing so now."

Such excuses were never thought of by the founders. Imagine the pioneers doing their work for pay! or for expected comfort! or the Church purchasing in any way, or by any kind of promise, men and women to accomplish the achievements of early days,

and the labors and sacrifices of Kirtland, Jackson county, Nauvoo, and Winter Quarters! People who are thus imbued with the idea

that material comforts are paramount, should return to the study of first principles, and learn to sacrifice all things for the Gospel of Jesus Christ, because of its intrinsic worth, and because of faith in the receipt eventually, of the spiritual joy and comfort guaranteed to the confident believer. Obedience to the Gospel

brings its own reward, and its blessings can neither be bought nor sold, any more than when Peter anciently declared to Simon: "Thy

money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money. Thou hast neither part nor

lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right in the sight of God,

Repent therefore of this thy wickedness."

Joseph F. Smith.

DEATH OF ELMINA S. TAYLOR.

In the death, December 6, 1904, of Elmina S. Taylor, General

President of the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations,

EDITOR'S TABLE. 219there passed away a veteran in the cause, and one of its oldest,

most active and respected workers and officers. She was born

September 12, 1830, in Middlefield, Otsego Co., New York; and

was married to Elder George H. Taylor in Haverstraw, Rockland

Co., New York, August 31, 1856, by Elder, afterwards President,

John Taylor, Elder George A. Smith being present. Three years

later, with her husband, she set out for the west to join her people.

Passing through many adventures on the plains with oxteam transportation, and crude accommodations, they arrived in Utah on September 16, 1859, in the company of Elder Edward Stevenson. When Eliza R. Snow, who had taken charge of the young

ladies'association from its organization, suggested that a general board be appointed to look after their interests, Sister Elmina S.

Taylor was selected bj her and set apart by President Brigham

Young, the first general president of the Y. L. M. I. A., on the

19th of June, 1880, in which capacity she labored with great success, untiring diligence and unflinching integrity, until the time of her death.

She was a good, true and noble woman, who passed to her deserved reward. She devoted her best years to the young

women of Zion, who keenly realize that a noble and luminous spirit has been taken from among them, and sharply feel the absence of her immediate personality, and that she can no more be with them as a leader and worker in their cause. She won the respect and

esteem of the young women, by the strength, power, justice and consideration displayed for them, in the everbusy actions of her noble life; and their love, by her unselfish devotion, her zealous labors, her sweet disposition, and her tender solicitude in their behalf. By the force of her character she accomplished a grand

task in organizing, in cementing into a strong sisterhood, and in training the young women of Israel; her work extends in one

broad benefit, not only to all of the young women, but through them to all of the young men of the Church of Christ. The latter's advancement and progress in the path of improvement is due,

in a great measure, to the devoted endeavor of Sister Taylor and the girls of their companion associations. In contemplating the

generous fruitage which her life has brought to the everlasting 220 IMPROVEMENT ERA

benefit of this generation, the young people of Zion should not associate the thought of grief with her departure, for she has contributed so much to us and to those who shall come after, that in spirit she still continues with us, while her wonderful works shal triumphantly go on forever, a power in our behalf. In her death

we do not sorrow, but rather rejoice in the rest she has won, for she lived nobly to a mature age, and gave her best years and efforts to the young people. The achievements of her day live

on, though her worn body rests in mother earth.

The general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations passed the following eulogy on her life at their meeting Wednesday, December 7:

Sister Elmina S. Taylor, president of the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, having died at her home in Salt Lake City,

December 6, 1904, at the age of 74 years, and after 24 years of faithful service as the supreme head of our companion organization, the Young

Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations:

It is Resolved by the General Superintendency, for themselves and for the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations throughout the world; That we express in unqualified terms our praise of the splendid organization of the young women of Zion brought up to its present perfection under the presidency of Sister Taylor;

That we recognize in the vast labor which this achievement has involved, the triumphant consecration of a noble life, whose whole soul with qualities of mind and heart peculiarly adapted to the duties of leadership—was dedicated to this service;

That we sympathize deeply with the officers and members of the

Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations in the sorrow of their parting from their distinguished president, who had won completely their respect for her wisdom, and confidence in her executive judgment, and their unfeigned love;

That we commend the glorious example of her life, in its unselfish devotion to the highest ideals of culture and improvement, to the adoration of the young women of our people, and her memory to the reverence and honor of all who love righteousness, and who delight in the happiness and wellbeing of their fellow men.

The funeral services were held on Sunday, December 11, in the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City, and were, by request, conEDITOR'S TABLE. 221

ducted by the general board, Y. M. M. I. A., President Joseph F.

Smith presiding. The white decorations, the sweet music, and the

hearty eulogies of her life, were in harmonious keeping with her pure character, her sweet disposition,and her noteworthy achievements.

President Smith in his closing remarks said:

I endorse without reserve, all that I have heard said today respecting the character, life, labors, virtues, wisdom, judgment and intelligence of our sister, Elmina S. Taylor. Most people of my acquaintance

I presume it will apply generally—walk very largely in a light—and

that is borrowed, like the light of the moon borrowed from the sun.

There are few men and women in the world, who do not seek borrowed light.

But I will give it as an opinion which I have held many years, because of my connection with these Mutual Improvement associations and with Sister Taylor, that she was one of the few in the world who had the light within her, and who had the inspiration and the intelligence that is born of truth, and of the forgiveness of sins, of the cleansing blood of

Jesus Christ; and she walked in it, and, therefore, she had power among

her associates and her sisters. She was legitimately the head of the organization over which she was called to preside. She borrowed no influence from others. She bore her own influence upon the minds of those

with whom she was associated. There came out of her soul the spirit of

wisdom, counsel and judgment, and her mind was clear in regard to the truth; she always spoke as one possessed of more than ordinary intelligence, which she really did possess.

She was a strong character. She had a strong personality. But

the very strength of that character and personality was tempered and softened by the choicest spirit of kindness, of love, of mercy, and of charity, that ever, in my judgment, adorned womankind; and while she

possessed this strength of character and this strong personality, it was always bent in the direction of righteousness, in the direction of truth, and for the uplifting of her associates. Herein is where she shone most

brightly, because all her thoughts and all her energies were directed in the right channel and for the right cause. And she was singularly free

from mistakes, and from those little imperfections or weaknesses which are so often exhibited by fallen human nature. We have lost a valuable

soul from among us in the flesh. God bless her memory to all those who

knew her; and may her fame and her name be handed down from gener222 IMPROVEMENT ERA,

ation to generation, by those who love God and strive to keep his commandments.

DR. GROVES LATTERDAY SAINTS HOSPITAL/

On the 1st of January, 1905, one of the best equipped hospitals in the West will open its doors for the treatment and amelioration of the sick and afflicted. This is the "Doctor William

H. Groves Latterday Saints Hospital,"located in Salt Lake City,

at the north of Third East Street, on the bench, between C and D on Eighth, and overlooking the whole city and the valley from the Hot Springs, to the point of the mountain on the south.

This institution came into existence through the bequest of the late Dr. William H. Groves, of Salt Lake City, who, dying, bequeathed $50,000 toward its construction. In the bequest it was

stipulated that the hospital was to be known as "Dr. William H.

Groves Latterday Saints Hospital,"and it was likewise inscribed in the will that the institution was to be under the perpetual control of the presiding bishopric of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. This was on April 26, 1895,but it was not until

the spring of 1903,that the money was put into use,when the present magnificent structure was begun, upon the eminence overlooking the city of the Saints.

Up to this time, the Latterday Saints had never undertaken the erection of a building for the treatment of the sick, and frequently the need of it had been brought home to the benevolent and tenderhearted on many sad occasions. It is true that some

years ago the Women's Relief Society, seeing the necessity for such an establishment, and ever alert to relieve and mitigate suffering, began the treatment and care of the sick in a rented house, in what was known as the Deseret Hospital, an institution which, in its time, did much good, but which was brought to an untimely end, for the serious lack of financial support as early as January 1, 1895, after a career of nearly thirteen years.

The present hospital, therefore, is the first of its kind to be erected by the people whose marvelous achievements in the desert, and for the amelioration of mankind in a spiritual way, have become celebrated throughout the world.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 223

The hospital corporation was organized on the 27th day of

June, 1903, themanaging board consisting of five trustees; namely: William B. Preston, President; Robert T. Burton, Vicepresi-

dent, Orrin P. Miller, Jos. S. Richards and Franklin S. Richards,

with Doctor Joseph S. Richards as medical director, and John

Wells, Secretary and Treasurer.

It was discovered before the work was commenced upon the building, July 1, 1903, that the funds which had been donated by

Doctor Groves would be sadly inadequate for the completion of a structure such as the trustees thought should be erected by them.

The President of the Church was, therefore, consulted, and consented to add as much again to the bequest which had already been made. In addition to this, the Fifteenth Ecclesiastical Ward

of Salt Lake City, which had sold its property, donated to the institution $10,000. The work continued, and the result of the

efforts of the builders is one of the finest hospitals in the Western country, equipped with every modern appliance that art and invention have been able to supply for the benefit of the sick and

afflicted.

The building is located upon a twoand-a-half acre block, surrounded by a neatly cemented stone wall. The grounds will

be laid off in lawns and flowers, with a grove of trees to be planted in the rear of the structure.

The hospital measures 170 feet by 45 feet, is five stories high, the basement story being built of red sandstone, and the upper four stories of buff brick trimmed with stone. The floors are of

cement, and the hallways and rooms are laid with English inlaid linoleum, beautifully finished. The reception room has white

marble walls with tiling floor over the cement. There are eighty

airy, well lighted, and perfectly ventilated rooms, not including bath rooms, toilets, closets, laundry, and other accessories. Out

of this number fortyfive are private rooms. Each bed in every

room in the house is supplied with a callbutton enabling the nurse, from her headquarters on each floor, to be directed by the automatic table in her room to the patient who requires her immediate attention. The rooms are also supplied with telephones making it possible for the convalescent to lie in their beds and converse with their friends in different parts of the city, in neighbor224 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing cities and villages, or wherever the wonderful instrument reaches.

There are eight wards, that will accommodate six persons each, making the hospital accommodations, without crowding, one hundred and six patients. Different charitably disposed citizens

have already furnished a number of the rooms, $5,000 having recently been donated for this purpose. Every room is equipped with

electric lights, steam heaters, telephones, as above mentioned, and every modern convenience for ventilation and light. The metal

steps of the stairways are laid with interlocking rubber tiles.

The automatic elevator carries the attendants from floor to floor, without an operator, responding to the beck and call of the person who desires to be accommodated; he need only touch a button to

be taken up or down at pleasure. The doors respond only when

the passenger is present, and can only be closed when the, persons riding are safely in the carriage.

The laundry is complete in every detail, with electric power, and every modern appliance for the rapid and perfect handling and cleansing of the wash goods of the institution. There is a

reception room, a dining room, a kitchen, supplied with modern ranges, closets for fruit, storage of supplies, refrigerators, cold storage, and every other needed equipment for the perfect preparation and care of food. The three operating rooms, in the upper

story, finished in white tile and white enamel paint, are supplied with doctor's closets for instruments and clothing, and every known improvement for perfect water supply, sanitation and sterilization of materials and instruments.

The doors are furnished with glass knobs, and the water faucets are provided with devices that enable them to be operated with the knee. Arrangements have been made so

that the roof of the building, overlooking the beautiful valley,may be used by the convalescent who may thus have the benefit and additional advantage of inhaling the ozone of the mountain breezes, or of lounging in the refreshing rays of the sun, drinking in the pure, light air of the mountains.

The building completed, aside from the donations for the furnishing of the various rooms, has cost in the neighborhood of $175,000. The balance, outside of the Groves bequest, and the

EDITORS TABLE. 225

gift of the 15th Ward, having been furnished by the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The medical board, as already stated, is controlled by Dr.

Joseph S.Richards,who is medical director,and, is composedin addition, of Dr. Samuel H. Allen, Dr. Stephen L. Richards, Dr. Charles

F. Wilcox, Dr. Ralph T. Richards, at present practicing in

the Bellevue Hospital, New York, Dr. Fred Stauffer, Dr. William

C.Baldwin,and Dr. Creighton C. Snyder. Miss Dora A. Walls, formerly of Columbus, Ohio, is engaged as chief nurse, and Martha

Shields, as Matron.

The institution will be conducted strictly upon business principles, and whatever charity cases are received will be treated only upon the responsibility of some individual or organization; but it

is hoped that, as time advances and the immense benefit and value of such an institution to the people will be fully realized, many endowments will be granted, so that help for the needy sick may not be withheld, and that thus the institution may grow and

flourish.

The Era presents, in this number, an excellent portrait of the stately edifice, which will give the reader some idea of its beauty and magnitude.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

Time of Christ's Visit to the Nephites.

When did Christ visit the Nephites? Was it during the forty days,

or after his final ascension from the Mount of Olives? (See John 20: 17;

IIINephi 11: 12; Acts 1:3.)

While there is room for question, so far as the account given in the Book of Mormon is concerned, whether Messiah's appearance to the Nephites occurred before or after his ascension from the Mount of Olives, the consensus of opinion of Book of Mormon students is, that it occurred after the ascension, and not during the forty days. The only difficulty in the way of accepting this

interpretation is the length of time the people were gathered near the temple in Bountiful discussing the strange events; but it must

be remembered that the people doubtless came from remote parts 226 IMPR0VEMEN1 ERA.

to that central place, impelled by a great desire to be near the sacred center of their land, in their great affliction. This travel

would require considerable time, and with fresh additions to the crowd, the subject of the great changes of the land would come up for renewed discussion. Add to this, the fact that these people

were of Israelitish descent, and, therefore, given to long periods of mourning over great calamities, and the difficulty is entirely overcome. Furthermore, it was doubtless the design of Messiah that

people from all parts of the various Nephite lands would be witnesses of his appearance. Therefore, an impelling desire and a

considerable length of time would be absolutely necessary to bring about this great assemblage.

Meaning of Prison in III Nephi 12: 25, 26.

What are we to understand by the prison spoken of in III Nephi 12: 26?

The prison referred to in Messiah's instructions, as.recorded

in III Nephi 12: 25, 26, may be a real or a figurative one, according to the interpretation placed upon the passage. In either case,

the meaning is, that it is better to settle difficulties with the one concerned, than to allow the law to intervene.

Luke 22: 3538 Explained.

What is the meaning of the passage in Luke 22: 3538?

The incident related by Luke occurred just before Christ's crucifixion. It will be remembered that in the early part of his

ministry he had instructed his servants to go out without purse or scrip or change of clothing. That was when his ministry was to

be accomplished, and the test was to be put to the Jews peacefully whether or not they would accept the Savior through his own preaching and that of his disciples, but they rejected him. He

saw the war, bloodshed and misery that would follow this rejection. Therefore, he warned them to expect the old regime to continue no longer, but be prepared for war and hardship. A similar

warning is given in Matthew 24: 1620. Reference is doubtless

made to the siege and suffering endured by the Jews soon after

Christ's crucifixion, ending in the destruction of Jerusalem, in 70

EDITOR'S TABLE. 227

A. D. Some have thought that in telling the disciples to procure swords that he intended that they should defend him from

the Jews who were seeking his life. This is disproved by the

fact that when they said they had two swords, he answered, "It is enough;"and further, when Peter attempted to defend him

when he was arrested, he rebuked Peter and healed the man whom he had wounded.

A Question of Presiding.

If the president of the Young Men's association is not present at the opening exercises and during the preliminary program, and his counselors are there, who should preside, the counselors or the president of the Young Ladies'association?

When the president of the Young Men's association is not at his post, but his counselors are there, they act for him, and one of them should take his place and preside, as far as the Young

Ladies'officers are concerned, in the same manner as the president would if he were there.

Church Government.

In the absence of the president of the Young Men's association, and his counselors, and the secretary, the bishop called on a member—a high

justified in so doing, when the prespriest—to preside. Was the bishop

ident of the Young Ladies'association was present?

In answer, the questioner is referred to an article in the IMPROVEMENT Era, by President Joseph F. Smith, entitled "Church

Government,"volume 6, page 704. This article answers the

question completely. See also Era, volume 6, page 717, a reply

given by President Smith to a similar question.

The Secretary and his Minutes.

Should the secretary of the M. I. A., under any conditions, insert in

the minutes any more than the subject of a sermon?

This is a matter of choice. A secretary may reord an entire

.sermon, but there is no necessity for it, and it is not advisable. It

is usual only to refer to the subject.

NOTES.

Take every chance you can get to be kind to your mother and father,.

because some day there may be no more chances.

Three things to admire: Intellect, dignity and gratefulness. Three

things to hate: Cruelty, arrogance and ingratitude.

We do not get many sunshiny reflections from the old frog pond*.

Gloomy faces are like muddy pools. Smile into them and they give nothing back. Keep a cheery countenance.

Cut loose from every mistake made last year and say "Goodby"toregret. Too late to feel sorry when you are slipping halfway down the

barn roof. Dig in the fingers and toes and let every thing else wait.

Sloth makes all things difficult, but industry all things easy, and he that riseth late must trot all day, and scarce shall overtake his business at night; while laziness travels so slowly that poverty soon overtakes him. Franklin.

Little self denials, little honesties, little passing words of sympathy, little nameless acts of kindness, little silent victories over favorite tempare the silent threads of gold which, when woven togethtations,—these

er, gleam out so brightly in the pattern of life that God approves.—F..

W. Farrar, D. D.

Men may not know how fruits grow, but they know that they can not grow in five minutes. Some lives have not even a stock on which

fruits could hang, even if they did grow in five minutes. Some have

never planted one sound seed of Joy in all their lives; and others who have

planted a germ or two have lived so little in sunshine that they never could come to maturity. Henry Drummond.

We must often suffer before we can understand. "There are certain advantages,"writes a great German musician, "in choirs composed

entirely of boys; but many hymns and anthems, expressive of the highest

worship, they cannot sing properly, because they have never suffered enough to understand them."

Wonderful things in nature are done in silence; and much of thegood and enduring work of man is unheralded until itself speaks for its

creator: The trees grow silently, and God alone

Can hear the sap rise to the budding shoot;

NOTES. 229

And hear, how, in the day time and the night,

The brown earth nourishes the hidden root.

'"To give the whitehaired father or mother not only respect, but confidence, to tell the joke and the secret to them first, to accord them cordially the central place in the merrymaking, may seem trivial matters, yet they are not trivial to those who, in the twilight of life, begin to think they are useless or forgotton, and to question whether they shall be missed when they shall go out into the nearing night. Courtesy is

but a little thing and costs nothing, and if it is due to any one, it is surely due to the aged among us, especially when these are our parents.''

A pleasant story about Andrew Carnegie is told by a tourist from

Scotland in the New York Tribune:

"At Skibo Castle Mr. Carnegie had during the summer a beautiful

rose garden. There were thousands of red and white and yellow roses

always blooming there, and the villagers were free to saunter in the garden paths to their hearts'content.

"One day the head gardener waited upon Mr. Carnegie.

"'Sir,'he said, 1 wish to lodge a complaint.'

"'Well?'said the master.

"'Well, sir,'the gardener began, 'I wish to inform you that the village folk are plucking the roses in your rose garden. They are denuding your rose trees, sir.''Ah.'said Mr. Carnegie, gently, 'my people are

fond of flowers, are they, Donald? Then you must plant more.'

One of the most hopeful tendencies of the times is the reform which is going on, because of the demand made by large corporations that their employees shall abjure liquor, tobacco, gambling and bad company.

This is a strong force for good. A young man who "plays the races,"

contrary to his father's advice and his mother's prayers, is frequently brought to his senses by the sudden realization that he must quit it in order to hold his position. Every time the point is mentioned, some other

large house sees the great value of it and adds the requirement to its book of rules, and so the reform spreads. It tends to hasten the coming of a time when a man will have to be strictly moral in order to obtain and hold a position of trust.—W. P. Warren.

IN LIGHTER MOODFreshman: "That's a beautiful song. It simply carries me away.""

She: "I'm sorry I didn't sing it early in the evening."Ohio Wesleyan

Transcript.

A farmer says he has solved the drought problem. He plants potatoes, corn and onions together; the onions bring tears to the eyes of

the potatoes in such quantities that the roots are kept moist and a big crop is raised.

"Now, Tommy,"said Mrs. Bull, "I want you to be good while I'm

out.""I'll be good for a nickel,"replied Tommy. "Tommy,"said she,

"I want you to remember that you can not be a son of mine unless you are good for nothing."—Louisville CourierJournal.

"Wouldn't you like to know how to catch rabbits?"asked a youth

who thought himself smart. "Why, yes,"said his friend. "Well, you

crouch down behind a stone wall, and make a noise like a turnip."Quick

as a flash came the reply: "Oh, a better way than that would be for you

to go and sit quietlv in a bed of cabbage heads, and look natural."

Soon after Singleton's first baby was born, Mrs. Singleton went up

stairs one evening and found her husband standing by the side of the crib and gazing earnestly at the child. As she stood still for a moment,

touched by the sight, the tears filled her eyes and she thought: "Oh, how

dearly Charley loves that boy!"Her arms stole softly round his neck,

as she rubbed her cheek caressingly against his shoulder. Singleton

started slightly at the touch. "Darling,"he murmured dreamily, "it

is incomprehensible to me how they can get up such a crib as that for eighteenand-six. "TitBits.

Elihu Root, who has returned to the practice of law in New York

City, has engaged a new office boy. Said Mr. Root: "Who carried off

my paper basket?""It was Mr. Reilly,"said the boy. "Who is Mr.

Reilly?"asked Mr. Root. "The janitor, sir."An hour later Mr. Root

asked: "Jimmie, who opened that window?""Mr. Lantz, sir.""And

who is Mr. Lantz?""The window cleaner, sir."Mr. Root wheeled

about and looked at the boy. "See here, James,"he said, "we call men

by their first names here. We don't 'mister'them in this office. Do you

understand?""Yes, sir."In ten minutes the door opened, and a small.

IN LIGHTER MOOD. 231

shrill voice said: "There's a man here as wants to see you, Elihu."W.

E. S. Fales, in Boston Ideas.

Since the engagement of pretty Miss X has been an announced fact, her small brother has been puzzling his head to understand what it means. "Why,"explained his mother, "Mr. Skaggs has asked sister to

marry him. That means that she will live in his house after this, and

he'll take care of her."

"Buy her things?"asked the boy.

"Yes.""Hats and dinners and ice cream and everything?"he persisted.

"Yes,"was the answer.

The boy thought it all over for a moment, and then he said:

"Well, ain't that man got nerve, though!"Washington Post.

Grayce: "War! War! War!"

Gladys: "What on earth are you hollering 'war'about?"

Grayce: "I just struck my thumb with the hammer."

Gladys: "Well, what's war got to do with it?"

Grayce: "Don't you know what war is?-"Louisville CourierJournal.

Revised Wisdom Again:

The wages of gin is debt.

You may lead an ass to knowledge—but you cannot make him think.

Actresses will happen in the best regulated families.

Imagination makes cowards of us all.

He that is down need not fear plucking.

Let him that standeth pat take heed lest they call.

The doors of Opportunity are marked "Push"and "Pull."

Nothing succeeds like—failure.

Pleasant company always accepted.

Charity is the sterilized milk of human kindness.

Only the young die good.

What can't be cured must be insured.

He who fights and runs away will live to write about the fray.

Never too old to yearn.

The pension is mightier than the sword.

A fellowfailing makes us wondrous unkind.

Society covers a multitude of sins.

From "The Entirely New Cynic's Calendar of Revised Wisdom, for 1905."(Elder & Co., San Francisco.)

EVENTS OF THE MONTH

BY JOSEPH F. SMITH, JR.

Local, November, 1904.

8th, in Grantsville, of old age, Dorr P. Curtis, Died.—Tuesday,

born January 21, 1819. At the organization of the fourth quorum of

Seventy in Nauvoo, in October, 1844, he became a member. After the

exodus he joined the Mormon Battalion and served in company "B"during the campaign.—Thursday, 10th, in Kanab, Charles S. Cram, one of

the pioneers of southern Utah. He was born September 10, 1828, and

was one of the presidents of the 85th quorum of Seventy.—Monday,

14th, in Centerville, Joel Parrish, a pioneer of 1847. He was born in

Leeds county, Canada, Nov. 6, 1827, and joined the Church when ten

years of age. During the building of the Nauvoo Temple, he worked

faithfully on that structure; was driven from the city of Nauvoo with

the Saints, camped at Council Bluffs during the winter of 184647, and arrived in the Salt Lake valley, September 22, 1847, in Perrigrine

Sessions'company. Later he moved to Davis county where he became

one of the leading spirits of pioneer days.—Wednesday, 16th, in Provo,

Hannah Reese, who crossed the plains in a handcart company of 1856.

On the same day, in Annabella, Sevier county, Susan J. Gauchatt, a

pioneer of 1847, born in Nauvoo, in 1846, aged 58 years.—Friday, 18th,

in Salt Lake City, Rudger Clawson, son of Elder Rudger Clawson, aged day, in Payson, Levi 0. A. Colvin, one of the oldest20 years.—The same

in Shelley, Idaho, George W.citizens of that place.—Saturday, 19th,

Catlin, who served in the Mormon Battalion, in company "C."—Monday,

21st, in Tooele City, Grace Clegg, wife of Benjamin Clegg,, born in

Scotland, OctoberL1, 1825, and emigrated in 1853.—Wednesday, 23rd,

in Cedar City, William H. Dover, born in England, November 15, 1836,

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 233

a High Priest in the Parowan stake.—Thursday, 24th, in Springville,

Augustus Cox, aged 80 years.—In Provo, 24th, Perrina Campbell, born

Canada, August 11, 1813, came to Utah and settled in South Jordan, in 1850.—Friday, 25th, in Salt Lake City, Elizabeth Burrows, born in Carrick-onSour, Ireland, March 7, 1829, emigrated thirtyone years ago.

Saturday, 26th, in Independence, Idaho, Mrs. Catherine Johnson, an active worker in the auxiliary organizations of the Burton ward, Frein Provo, John F. McKnight was accimont stake.—On the same day,

dentally killed.—Sunday 27th, in Coalville, Susanna 0. Williams, an old

resident of Summit county, aged 64.—Wednesday, 30th, the funeral of

George F. Stratton, one of the oldest residents of Logan, was held. He

was born in Kent, England, in 1832, emigrated in 1862, and became a

High Priest in the Cache stake of Zion.—In Sugar Ward, November 30,

Peter Moore, born England, September 5, 1825, came to Utah in 1871, living first in Hooper, Weber Co., and since then in Salt Lake Co.

Utah Postal Business.—By a report of the auditor for the postal

department, for the year ending June 30, 1904, it is shown that the total receipts in the twenty presidential post offices in Utah amounted to $320, 415; that the salaries of the postmasters were $30,650; that the expenses of special delivery services were $1518.16; clerk hire, $58,370;

rents, lights and fuels $13,478; and the cost of free delivery, $53,749.

Salt Lake stands at the head with receipts of $197,049.77; then Ogden

with $49,820.10; and Logan with $12,427.74; Provo with $12,040.33, and

the remainder in other offices, with Park City in the lead with $8,662.57.

official returns from the general Official Election Returns.—The

election held on the 8th, gives the following totals for the successful candidates in the state, and in Salt Lake county.

Total Plurality

Highest electoral vote for Republican ticket 62,446 29,033

Joseph Howell, Congressman 52,675 15,230

John C. Cutler, Governor 50,837 12,790

Daniel N. Straup, Justice.>. 57,213 21,186

Charles S. Tingey, Secretary of State 54,163 19,817

M. A. Breeden, Attorney General 54,297 19,364

J. A. Edwards, State Auditor:. >"'3,755 18,751

James Christianson, State Treasurer 53,806 18,965

A. C. Nelson, Superintendent of Schools, 54,494 1 9,973

SALT LAKE COUNTY.

John C. Mackey, Commissioner, long term 13,984 5,185

234 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Edward D. Miller, Commissioner, short term 14,610 6,061

C. Frank Emery, Sheriff 14,863 6,377

W. 0. Carbis, Treasurer 14,574 5,653

I.M. Fisher, Auditor 14,657 5,830

Joseph U. Eldredge, Jr., Clerk 14,058 5,360

Percy 0. Perkins, Recorder 14,644 5,977

Parley P. Christenson, Attorney 14,073 5,034

Joseph B. Swenson, Surveyor 14,661 6,273

Campbell M. Brown, Assessor 14,655 5,937

The highest vote for a Parker (D) elector was for F. J. Kiesel,

33,413; for Debs, Socialist, 5,767; Congressman, 0. W. Powers, (D)

37,445; for W. M. Ferry, "American"candidate for Governor, 7,959; for

James H. Moyle (D) Governor, 38,047.

Oneida Stake Academy.—At the Oneida Stake Academy in Preston, Idaho, on Friday, 11th, the seventeenth anniversary of Founders'

day was celebrated, About seven hundred persons were in attendance, including a number of the leading instructors of other Church schoolsThe exercises were held in the large assembly room of the Academy, and were mostly given by the students. At the beginning of the school

year there were two hundred and thirtysix students enrolled.

Salt Lake City's Water Supply.—At a meeting of the City Council held Thursday, 17th, a special committee reported that after several

months of diligent effort it had secured options on water rights in Big

Cottonwood, Little Cottonwood, Mill Creek and Spring Creek, and submitted the report recommending that the city be bonded in the total sum of $1,000,000, to secure the water under option, and thereby increase the supply of the city, at least four times the present capacity. In addition to the purchase of water rights and the piping, etc., of the water,

part of the money from the bonds would be used to complete the sewer system in the southern and western parts of the city. The report was

made the special business of the council for Monday evening,21st, when,, after considerable discussion it was adopted, and January 3rd set apart for a special election, in order to place the matter before the people for their approval or rejection.

School Population of Utah.—Stake Superintendent of Schools

A. C. Nelson, on Friday, 18th, compiled the census of the public schools

of the state, for the year 1904-5, of the cities of the first and second class. The report showed the total number of students enrolled to be

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 235

64,292. Of this number 170 were colored; 32,383 were boys, and 31,909

were girls, a total gain of 627 over the school year of 1903-4.

Dedication of Chicago Mission House.—At the conference of the

Northern Illinois district of the Northern States Mission, held Sunday, 20th, the Church building recently purchased in Chicago, was dedicated.

President German E. Ellsworth, of the mission, who was in charge of the

exercises, reported the conditions under which the property was obtained;

President. Ben E. Rich, of the Southern States mission, and a number of

the elders of the Northern States mission, made remarks, and the dedicatory prayer was offered by Elder Hyrum M. Smith, of the quorum of

Apostles. The main auditorium of the Church was well filled, the majority of those present being visitors.

Fish Industry in Utah County.—On the 21st, Fish and Game

Warden 0. A. Slade, of Utah county, made a report for State Warden

Sharp pertaining to the fish and game obtained for private and commercial use in Utah county, during the years 1903 and 1904. The report is,

without doubt, a revelation to the majority of the people of this state.

Hundreds of thousands of pounds of fish are annually imported into the state to supply the local markets; but it appears from Warden Slade's

report that this is an industry that it is well to cultivate, as Utah has many lakes and streams to supply abundantly many varieties of fish which at the present time are mostly imported.

According to the report 749,090 pounds of fish, in the year 1903, were caught in Utah county, valued at $18,385.50. In the year 1904,

the number of pounds had increased to 864,945, valued at $22,522. In

the two years 500,000 lake and brook trout fry had been distributed.

The sum of $200 was paid in fines, and $3,535.50 is the estimate of

the value of the game shot during the two years. The report is underestimated, from the fact that many did not report, as their fish or game

was for private use. Warden Slade also recommends that several varities of fish be procured of the better kinds to supplant the hardy but

common fish found so plentifully in Utah lake.

first of the series of eleven lectures to Jacob Riis'Lecture.—The

be given this winter under the direction of the M. I. A. Bureau, was

given in Barratt hall, Tuesday, 22nd, when Jacob Riis, the noted author and philanthropist, delivered his lecture, "The Battle with the Slum.'*

Over eleven hundred people crowded into the hall, while a large number were turned away, being unable to gain admittance. The lecture was

brilliant and instructive, portraying many of the unsavory conditions 236 IMPROVEMENT ERA

existing in the large cities, and the thorough and humane methods employed in eradicating the same.

Murray Labor Trouble.—Tuesday, 22nd, the citizens of Murray

met in mass meeting to consider the advisability of taking action to replace the aliens employed at the smelters. Mayor J. H. Stratton presided at the gathering, which was attended by the City Council and

about three hundred citizens. The main objections raised were that

many of the Greek and Austrian employees were peacedisturbers, living in unsanitary surroundings, hoarding their earnings for the purpose of returning to their native lands, to live in luxury, according to the standards there. Mayor Stratton stated that this did not apply to all the

foreign elements, for many were good at heart, but that wherein they refused to become permanent residents and citizens they were not desired in the community. A second meeting of a like nature was held on

Monday, 28th, at which a committee was appointed to try to solve the

difficulty.

Death of Elder Mantle.—Elder John Willard Mantle, of Taylorsville, Salt Lake county, died on the 25th, in Baltimore, where he was laboring as a missionary in the Eastern States mission. He was the son of

Llewelyn and Catharine Watkins Mantle, and was born in Salt Lake

City, July 24, 1854. On the. 29th of September, 1903, he was set apart

by Elder Seymour B. Young, for a mission to the Eastern States,and left

for his field the following day, where he labored faithfully. His health

some time ago began to fail, due to some internal complications. On

the 18th of November, he underwent an operation, after which he appeared to be rapidly recovering, but on the 25th he was seized by a severe spell of sneezing which evidently affected his heart, and it, being weakened by the operation, and perhaps by the anesthetic, could not resist the strain. The remains were brought home by Elder Wilford M.

Allred, of Spring City, who arrived in Salt Lake City, on the fifth of

December.

December, 1904.

1st, in Salt Lake City, Eli B. Kelsey, born Died.—On Thursday,

Tooele, Utah, May 6, 1853, a prominent real estate dealer, and son of Eli

B. Kelsey, of pioneer days.—In Richfield, 1st, Marie Morrison, born Denmark, fiftyeight years ago, and came to Utah in 1859.—In Gunnison,

1st, Mary Shephard Baxter, born Scotland, December 5th, 1830,and came 3rd, in Carbon county, Hannah Powell, anto Utah in 1863.—Saturday,

active worker in the Sunday School, Primary and Relief Society of the

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 237

Sunnyside ward.—Tuesday, 6th in Salt Lake City, Elmina S. Taylor,

President of the Y. L. M. I. A. since 1880. She was born in Middlesfield,

Otsego county, New York, September 12, 1830, and spent the greater portion of her life in Church work.—Wednesday, 7th, in Monroe, Benjamin Barney; a High Priest of the Sevier stake.—Thursday, 8th, in St.

George, Belanthon Burgess, a pioneer of Washington county.—Friday,

9th, in Monroe, Catherine Jones, a pioneer resident of that place.—Saturday, 10th, in Springville, John E. Allenan, a prominent citizen of that

place.—On the 10th, in Salt Lake City, Albert J. White, a pioneer resident of Utah.—In Los Angeles, on the 10th, H. J. Faust, a pioneer of

1851. In the early days he performed the perilous task of carrying the

mails between Utah and California points. At the time of his death he

was returning to Utah from El Paso, Texas, where he had been as a delegate to the Irrigation Congress.

School Elections.—An election for members of the boards of education in Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo and Logan, was held on Wednesday,

?th. Only little interest was taken, and many of the old board members

were reelected. In Ogden, the whole Democratic board was reelected,,

excepting one member—H. H. Thomas, Republican, 5th ward. In Salt

Lake City, the citizens of all political creeds placed a nonpartisan ticket in the field which was opposed by the "American"(anti-"Mormon") party, which also nominated candidates in each of the five precincts. The claim

of the anti-"Mormon"party was that the nonpartisan candidates were the tools of the Church. A very light vote was cast, and because of the

lethargy manifested, the anti-"Mormon"party succeeded in electing their candidate in the fifth precinct. All the other candidates of the nonpartisans were elected. The candidates in the five precincts were as

S. Martin, N., J. J. Corum, A. Second—Arnoldfollows: First—Charles

G. Giauque, N., B. F. Redman, A. Third—Oscar W. Moyle, N., John D

(long term),N., H. C. EdwardsHagman, A. Fourth—Matthonihah Thomas

(short term), N., E. 0. Howard (long term), A., W. M. Ferry (short

term), A. Fifth—G. B. Pfoutz, N., Joseph Oberndorfer, A.

investigation by the Senate committee Senator Reed Smoot.—The

on privileges and elections resumed the hearing in the case of Senator

Reed Smoot, Monday, 12th. A large number of witnesses have been

subpoenaed, among them being John Henry Smith, Charles W. Penrose,.

George Roynolds, Geo. H. Brimhall, John Nicholson, J. E. Hickman and

William Budge.

Farmers and Smelter Smoke.—For many months past there have238 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

been considerable agitation in Salt Lake county in regard to the deadly fumes from the Murray smelters. Several mass meetings have been

held, and in many ways the differences between the farmers whose lands have been damaged, and the smelter authorities, have been discussed, with an attempt at some kind of settlement, but without success. On

Monday, 12th, a petition signed by 819 residents of Salt Lake county was given to the county commissioners requesting that the smelters be declared a nuisance. It is to be hoped that some satisfactory solution

to this question may be speedily reached, since both interests are of vital importance to the material welfare of the people.

Domestic—November, 1904.

The Irrigation Congress.—The twelfth National Irrigation Congress convened, in El Paso, Texas, Tuesday, 15th. The assembly was

called to order by President William A. Clark, Senator from Montana.

The other officers were Lewis W. Shurtliff, Utah, 1st vicepresident; W.

C. Johnson, Colorado, 2nd vicepresident; John Hall, Texas, 3rd vicepresident and Col. H. B. Maxson, Nevada, secretary. Shortly after the

congress convened letters from President Roosevelt, in which he expressed his regret for his inability to be present, and another from President Diaz, of the same import, were read. The principal subjects discussed were pertaining to irrigation and forestry, and many excellent

papers were presented. On the 17th, delegates from Mexico, Texas and

New Mexico occupied the attention of the congress. Their discussion

was concerning the head waters of the Rio Grande river, a subject that has occupied the attention of Congress and the courts for several years.

It was finally decided to erect a dam at Elephant Butte, New Mexico, for the purpose of storing the water whereby thousands of acres on both sides of the Rio Grande may be reclaimed, and thus the differences which have existed were amicably settled. One of the important features of the Congress was the granting of a request made by the Mexican delegates that they might be given permanent recognition in the

Congress.

Before the close of the Congress, Portland, Oregon, was selected as the next place of meeting, and the following general officers were elected for the ensuing year: Governor George C. Pardee, California, president;

Judge Lewis W. Shurtliff, Utah, 1st vicepresident; J. H. Stevens, Florida, 2nd vicepresident; and J. T. Richards, Oregon, secretary; C, B.

Booth, N. Y., chairman executive committee. Honorary vicepresidents

from each of the States were chosen, also one member from each on the executive committee. Utah's representatives are John Henry Smith,

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 239

vicepresident, and Fred J. Kiesel, member of the executive committee.

The Congress was pronounced by the delegates one of the most successful ever held.

Statue op Frederick the Great.—The statue of Frederick the

Great, presented to the people of the United States by Emperor William of Germany, was unveiled at the army war college, in Washington, on

Saturday, 19th, with elaborate ceremonies. The statue, which is a

replica of the one in the royal palace at Potsdam, was presented by the

Kaiser as a token of his gratitude for the reception accorded Prince

Henry while in this country, and as a gift of friendship to the American people. President Roosevelt, in accepting the statue from the German

ambassador, Baron Von Sternburg, in behalf of the people of the nation, said: "I accept it with deep appreciation of the friendly regard which it

typifies for the people of this republic, both on the part of the emperor and on the part of the German people. * * * * I most earnestly

pray that in the coming years these two great nations shall move on toward their several destinies knit together by ties of the heartiest friendship and goodwill."

Missouri Building Burn.ed.—During the night of Saturday, 19th,

the Missouri State Building at the Worlds Fair, St. Louis, was burned.

The fire was caused by an explosion of a hot water furnace in the basement. The building with its furnishings, worth about two hundred thousand dollars, was entirely destroyed. It was the most elaborate of all

the state buildings at the Fair.

December, 1904.

St. Louis Fair Closed.—The great Louisiana Purchase Exposition,

at St. Louis, closed on Thursday, December 1. The Fair was the largest

and the most elaborate ever held. During the seven months that it was

open the admissions were 18,317,457, and out of that number about 11,000,000 paid the entrance fee. The paid admissions at Chicago, in

1893, for the six months, were about 10,000,000 more than at St. Louis,

but notwithstanding this the St. Louis Exposition managers expect to

settle all claims, and when their affairs are wound up, to be free from debt. In regard to this, the New York Times, says: "It is very creditable to the managers of the St. Louis Fair, that they should have succeeded in carrying out their ambitious program without finding themselves confronted at the end with a huge deficit, and certainly no thinking American will deny, with respect to the fair, that it was worth to

the country all it cost."

"Every resource of liberality was exhausted,"says the St. Louis

240 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

GlobeDemocrat, "to give visitors the limit of amplitude for their money.

The Pair throughout was run for high ideals, for merit, beauty and completeness, as an exhibition of skill and progress for the earth. Everything planned was accomplished, if within the compass of human endeavor. Looking back over the seven months of the Fair, and the years

of preparation, St. Louis rejoices that the achievement hoped for was

reached beyond the dreams of the sanguine, and will stand in history as a splendid realization."

Foreign, November, 1904.

30th, President The Baltic Fleet Court of Inquiry.—On the

Roosevelt appointed Rear Admiral Charles Davis, as the American member of the Dogger bank court of inquiry. About the same time Great

Britain appointed Rear Admiral Beaumont as her representative.

Admiral Pournier was chosen, on the day previous, as the French representative; and Admiral Baron Von Spaun, on the 30th, by Emperor

Frances Joseph as the fifth representative in case the four fail to agree.

Spaun was the former commander of the Austrian Navy.

December, 1904.

1st, in the city of Inauguration of President Diaz.—On Thursday,

Mexico, the inauguration of Porfirio Diaz, as president of the Mexican republic for the seventh time, and of Senor Don Ramon Corral as vicepresident, took place in the chamber of deputies, under most favorable circumstances. The term of office, as in the United States, is for four

years; but in Mexico there is no rule, implied or otherwise, limiting the

president to any set number of terms, as is the case in our country. At

the time of the first inauguration of President Diaz, in 1877, the constitution of Mexico limited the term of the president so that he could not succeed himself, and at the close of President Diaz'first term, Manuel

Gonzalez was elected. The administration of Gonzalez, however, was

such a marked contrast to that of Diaz, being characterized by corruption and extravagance, that the united people demanded the return of

Diaz to office. The Constitution was amended, and from 1884 to the

present time, Porfirio Diaz has been reelected successively. He has done

so much for Mexico, and under his guiding hand the republic has advanced with such rapid strides, that, should he desire to retire from the

Presidency, it would be over the protest of the Mexican people. He was

born Saptember 15, 1830, in the State of Oaxaca. On his father's side,

he is of Spanish descent, while his mother was a Creole of Spanish and

Mexieca (Indian) descent.

i i rT'l'TTTT'T"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i--i-r-r-i"i-!! 1 1 m n

| WASHER i Organs. Tk"1900"

Do you want one? We have Saves Women's Lives.

several Choice Organs on \ \ hand which we are closing The Onl] out from perfect:: $15 to $45 washing::

Write us at once for full information. Everything

known in Music. All mail

ordeis receive prompt attention. 10 II USE %

\\ UTAH STATE AGENTS FOR THE

'thread and Carpets a breatunj; PIANOLA. I **\\ Washes Lace Curtains without ease. with perfect

Price $12.OO Carstensen &| ** in 30 A*SfU if not ] [ refunded Money

sa'isfactory. > Co., Furniture Oen. Agents,. Co Jos. y. Hanson Anson X j City, Ctah, Brlgharu MUSIC. TEMPI E OF $

Lake City Co.Local Agt,Salt BarnesHardy - Salt Street, Lake City, a

. > 74 Main & Testimonials Write for Particulars Co. Music to Daynes Successors T.

.... I.. 1 "1 "I I-H"I"I- I"I"H-H- mI..M <, i |..H I..H"

THE

IGN OF THEr"THAT INGER GOOD S WHERE C N BE FOUND COAll."

THE PERFECT SEWING A Comfort Insurance MACHINE; ALSO NEEDLES, PARTS AND THE

Poliey. BEST OIL FOR IT AND

OTHER KINDS.

BflMBHGHH, STORES EVERYWHERE 161 Meighn St.

THE SINGER MANUFACTURING CO.

Successor to PLEASANT VALLEY 43 8. MAIN ST

COAL CO. SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

'PHONE 189S-Z. J

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

'THE RIO GRANDE WESTEflfl AND...

THEDETOfljWKlOGHAJIDE

Best Local Train Service In Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and [dining cars to Denver, Omaha, o\0JCpAj.1

Kansas City, St* Louis and Chicago*

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE..*.* J*

ForJRates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write r>vjw I. A. BENTON,———-->

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

Oreop Sl?ort Cii?e Railroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Railroad through the thriving Stales of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROHD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

FIVE DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

all Points East,The Fastest Service to

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

gty SkKet Office, |fo. 201 fflaii? Seet, Salt Cae gty.

T. M. SCHUMACHER, Traffic Mgr. D. E. BURLET, Gen. P. & T. A.

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and Gen. Mgr.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

o> to a> a> 5I o o

- a*2 o g

's 3 a a M 3*t.

<o

ft

>s - a to t- cos(<-a>

<j* <bS"2 I> a> o.2 S,ti

rc K>&8 8

- to - u "<i *s > oM.c< o *U -3E b!32s3 S oi*. *S|

a|sj.83

c -r oa 2 as *

C T3 (n c bDa ao B g wags c-o..-"og.

j p a to tn al 50 J'O.. CARPENTERS'TOOltS..

An Important Bpaneh of H&Pdcuaire.

We can supply any number of full Kits of the best tools manufactured. Many tools are necessary articles in every family,

occasions to use them being of almost daily occurrence.

The superior quality of our tools is universally recognized.

Carpenters and joiners are unanimous in praising them. All our

hardware is spoken of in a similar strain. We make a point of

carrying nothing but the best goods in every line, and our prices are the lowest at which the best goods can be sold.

tah>s Neatest 1\ZT T |YA X Department Store \JZC*

iiw mi j*iMMrirmrn*irwfflfirBTgi ii ii imni i M iiiTirwnirtTgTfrrwrtrrwtr.nta

OCCC0OC0CC0C000000C0C0OC00C0O0C'000CO0C0OCO00fOOOOtOfCgooooooooooocoooooooooooooocjogocoooooooc>c-*oooooo*o*o*oo*o go o

CO.R.K-THOPS DRY GOODS

JANUARY 1905,

Muslin Underwear Sale.

Suits, Cloaks, Coats, Capes, Furs.

Prices are made to close this seasons stock.

The New Idea Paper Pattern, 10 cts.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)