kIF/vi OrQanof theSeventies andtheyounoMens

Mutual Improvement Associations

Vol. XII. DECEMBER, 1908. No. 2.

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board $2.00 PER ANNUM

KNIT GOODS: CLOTHING:

Lisle, Men's, Youth's,Best Cotton, Cutler Bros. Co. Bov'sBest

Best Fleeced. 36 Main St., SALT LAKE CITY Order by Mail.

dp Winter Excursion Rates

To Southern California now on saic

Two Daily Palatial Trains.

Before the Smoke Clears flway Unexcelled Dining GarSer

On your firestricken shop, faotory, office vice a la Garte.

or store, if inyou can resume business Standard and T ouris t us. sured with long unnecessary No Sleepers.

delays in adjusting, no haggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses

every time. It's to our interest to get

you set up in business again—we can

insure you again.

For furt her info rmat ion ask any

Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah Salt Lake Route agent or write to

H MANDERFIELD, A.D.P.A HEKKR J. GRANT &C.. General Agts. J. Salt Lake C

2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

BOTH PHONES, 351.

J.S.JENSEN&SONS

Jos. Wm. Taylor JEWELERS

Utah's Leading Undertaker 53 S. Main St., Salt Lake City

and Licensed Embalmer. Missionaries'Watches at reduced

prices. Wedding Rings, Diamonds

Fin': Funeral Chapel. Private Silverware. Repairing. All work Parlor,Mmu Uooms anil Morgue guaranteed.

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT Have your eyes examined by 21, 23, 25 South West Temple Street our reliable optician.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH H. O. JENSEN,

Eyesigh Specialist Mail Orders Promptly Attended To

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK

Bank. OFTITA Sal'Lake City - Utah -1\-tH1 EstablishedF.fnhli.h.J 1S90.7*0/1

Interest, computed solicits the accounts of Deposits. Savings semiannually, on THIS Bank </c(j4 banks, firms and individuals, and

in all Commercial its branches. Banking extends to such customers everyAccounts of Individuals ami Banks bo reasonable courtesy and facility. best assured tbeCustomers accommodations

consistent with conservative and safe banking.

Joseph F. Smith, Prest, Chos.S. BurtonXashur Byron Groo, Wm. F. Armstrong, II. Anthvn Lund,r.Pru. H TMc Ewan.Asst.Cash President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Kk.a )

MMMMMM*******N*M**M************N*

Artificial Refrigeration at Market and at Slaughter House

Palace Meat Market THOMAS J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON

of any market in the We carry the largest supply west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

1908-9 M, I A, Reading Course Books.

For Juniors, "The Last of the Mohicans,"Cooper - 40c "Cortez,"Abbott -------- 40c

For Seniors, "A Tale of Two Cities,"Dickens - - 40c "Hypatia,"Kingsley - - - - - - 40c

"Joseph Smith, the ProphetTeacher"by B. H. Roberts, price ------- 75c

This is a little booklet of 74 pages printed on heavy deckleart paper, in special type, with artistic lettering, and beautifully bound in cloth. It will prove very helpful as supplementary reading to the Seventies'year book and the Young Men's senior manual.

Send to Improvement Era, 214 Templeton Building, Salt Lake

City, for these books. Cash must accompany order.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

"BROWMMi'S The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun K

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the handaof an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap againHt 4'J5 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

for Send for our 150 page catalog; it it free. We have "Everything

Erery Sport in Every Season."

- Ogden, Utah.BROWNING BROS. CO.,

IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1908.

Joseph F. Smi-h, Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edwakd H. Anderson, ) Editors alpha J. Higgs, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

"The Real, the Final, the Absolute Truth"William Halls.. 81

Herbert Melbourne Edwin F. Parry 88

Twin Buttes, near Bluff, San Juan County, Utah.

(Illustration) George Albert Smith 96

St. Paul's Companions in Rome—III Col. R. M. BryceThomas. 97

On the Edge of the Hill Cumorah. (Illustration).. George Albert Smith 104

SelfControl—VII. Living Lite Over Again William George Jordan.. 105

The Sunset. A Poem A. J. Hansen 108

Do We Forget? D. A. Latimer 109

The Coming of the King A Poem Lydia D. Alder 113

The Mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

(Illustrated) Edward H. Anderson 114

The Philosophers on Conduct—IV. SocratesPlato Milton Bennion, A.M. 1 19

The Voice of the Shepherd. A Poem Theo. E. Curtis 121

Obedience to Counsel. (With Portrait) Heber Q. Hale 123

The Vision. A Poem Annie G. Lauritzen.... 128

The Tragedy and Triumph of Youth.—II. Character the Product of FreeWill Struggle J. E. Hickman, A. M 129

"The Little Cap and Shawl."A Poem, Lon J. Haddock 132

Can You Rightly Answer these Questions? Eugene L. Roberts 133

How to Succeed in Preaching thtr Gospel Hon. Joseph C. Rich no

Editor's Table—Games of Chance Prests. Joseph F. Smith,

John R. Winder, Anthon H.

Lund 143 Moderation in Burial Displays Prest. Joseph F. Smith 145

Was Jesus the Messiah? 17

To Create—The Hebrew Meaning 148

The Election 149 Josenh Smith, the ProphetTeacher 150

Messages from the Missions 150

Seventy's Council Table B. H. Roberts. 155

Mutual Work—Bear River Stake Superintendency 159

To our Friends and Subscribers 159

Around the World 159 O Give Me Back My Prophet Dear. (Music) Evan Stephens 160

Ward and Gymnasium Hall Prof. E. J. Milne lfc2

Suggestive Preliminary Programs 163

Death of James P. Olsen 164

Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson. 165

He Lives Again. A Poem Louis W. Larsen. 168

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, as SecondClass Matter.

READ THE "KING FOLLETT SERMON,"BY JOSEPH THE PROPHET,

IN THE JANUARY ERA.

Vol. XII. DECEMBER, 1908. No. 2

"THE REAL, THE FINAL, THE ABSOLUTE

TRUTH."

BY WILLIAM HALLS.

In Great Truths the author, on page nine, asks, "Which of all the religions of the world is the real, the final, the absolute truth?"answering, ''We must make our individual choice and abide

by it as best we can."This is a world's question; it concerns

all mankind. Religion is at once the most important, yet the least

understood, of any subject in the world, on which we should be the most united, but on which we are the most divided.

We have different schools of philosophy, medicine and science.

We have different conceptions of government, resulting in political parties, more or less antagonistic; we have different theories in

regard to education; but in nothing do we differ so much as in

religion. There is an awakening in regard to education, and many

reforms are suggested. We are willing to include in our curriculum instruction on every subject except religion. The most vital

part of education is left out; and necessarily so, because if we

could agree to incorporate religion is our school system, we are so divided that it would be impossible to unite as to which it should be, so we have to leave it out altogether as "a disturbing element."As many students, therefore, belong to no church, they

82 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

have no religious training; their spiritual natures are undeveloped;

an indifFerence or antipathy to religion is created, resulting in a widespread skepticism, a menace to stable government.

We have eliminated religion from our systems of education and government, and as far as possible we exclude every man who is at all prominent in religion from taking any leading part in politics, education, finance, industry or commerce. If it be true

that religion unfits a man for usefulness in the every day affairs of life, the less there is of it the better; for if it should become

universal the world's work would stop and we would all starve.

We have relegated religion to a very narrow sphere.

It is not uncommon to hear a man say of a neighbor, "he is a good honest man, but belongs to no church."We frequently

hear a man say of himself, "I believe in being honest and virtuous, in being true to my family and friends; in doing to others as I

would they should do to me, but I have no use whatever for religion."This attitude of antagonism is surely the result of misunderstanding of the nature and effects of true religion.

Morality, in a restricted sense, may be defined as our duty to our fellowmen, without regard to our duty to a supreme being; as

governing our conduct in purely secular affairs. Religion may be

defined as our duty to God; but it should not be restricted, as our

duty to God must of necessity include our duty to men. We can

not love God, and hate our brother. We may say a man is strictly

moral, but irreligious; but cannot say, a man is strictly religious,

but immoral. Honesty, virtue, temperance, industry, and truth,

are the foundation stones on which religion stands, they are the lower rounds of the ladder leading up to the new birth, regeneration and spiritual development. It is not the design of our creation

that we remain on these lower rounds, but that we advance to higher planes of spiritual life. Religion includes every phase of

morality; so, just as far as a man is moral, just so far he is

religious. To say that a man is religious should imply that he is

in harmony with his being; that he is doing his full duty, that he

is perfect as a man. Jesus said to his disciples, "Be ye therefore

perfect, even as your father which is in heaven is perfect."Perfection, as here used, must be taken comparatively. Kternal progression and absolute perfection are incompatible, a contradiction

"THE REAL, THE FINAL, THE ABSOLUTE TRUTH."83

of terms; absolute perfection is inconceivable. The mathematician

is perfect as far as he understands mathematics; but there are

problems unsolved. The chemist is perfect as far as his analysis

extends, but he is still learning. A child may be perfect as a

child, but he does not remain a child; he progresses to manhood,

and from manhood to Godhood. Eternal life is freedom to progress; death is to be bound by limitations. "Adam fell that man

might be;"that spirits might have bodies of flesh. An evil spirit

can never become a child and have a body, he remains in his present condition; those spirits that rebelled and were cast out of

heaven, cut themselves off from further progression; this is their

condemnation. The student who masters arithmetic does well, but

if he ignore algebra and geometry, he cuts himself off from filling important positions in life that require a knowledge of these higher branches; and there is no goodwill nor friendship that can put

him and keep him in a position that, through lack of training, he is unable to fill.,

So, a man who observes the moral law does well, so far; but

should he fail to accept the new birth, as offered by the atonement of Christ, and reject the higher law, he cuts himself off from the celestial kingdom. As an honorable man of the earth, he may

come forth in the resurrection and inherit the terrestrial kingdom typified by the moon, but there is no sovereign grace nor divine mercy that can give him an exaltation in the celestial kingdom, as he has failed to obey a celestial law. "For he that is unable to

abide the law of a celestial kingdum can not abide a celestial glory;"not that be is cut off by any arbitrary decree, he simply

cuts himself off. By being content with the development of his

mental, physical and social faculties, and neglecting the spiritual, he deprives himself of spiritual blessings; as religion properly includes morality, so the spiritual includes the mental and social

faculties. We may say a man is strong mentally but weak spiritually; but we cannot say a man is strong spiritually but weak mentally. A man may explore the lower ridges of the mountain range

without ever reaching the summit, but he cannot reach the summit without passing over the lower levels.

That a man, by confining his life to the observance of the moral law, cuts himself off from the kingdom of heaven is made 84 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

very plain by the words of the Savior. Nicodemus was no doubt

strictly moral, but Jesus said to him, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."The Jews, in the days of Jesus, were very strict in their

observance of the moral law, but Jesus said to his disciples, "I say unto you, that except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven."In the case of Cornelius

we have an example of a strictly moral man, but that was not enough to save him; so, God in his mercy sent an angel to him, who

told him to send for Peter who would tell him what more he must do to be saved; if he had told the angel that he was living a moral

life, that he was satisfied, that he had no use whatever for religion, and had refused to send for Peter, would he have been justified, would he have been saved?

Seeing that by the observance of the moral law alone, we can not be saved, the question of the author of Great Truths is all important. The answer to this question is quite simple. It must of

necessity be, "That religion which comes from heaven by direct revelation."A religion of human origin will be bounded by human

limitations; it will contain all the author has, and no more; it will

be without divine authority, will not be binding on mankind, and may be ignored without risk of condemnation. Its members

will be in constant doubt and uncertainty in regard to its doctrines.

Its creed will be subject to revision, as the light of reason reveals its errors.

While the religion that comes from heaven by direct revelation, will be an open fountain of truth. Not that its members will

be in possession of a fulness of truth in mortality; they must grow

in grace and in knowledge of the truth, as it is revealed, "precept upon precept, line upon line,"as their minds expand to receive the truth, and apply it in their lives. It will be with divine authority and binding on mankind, and may not be rejected without condemnation. Its members will be free from doubt and uncertainty

in regard to its doctrines; "they will know the truth, and the

truth will make them free."It will not be limited by any finite

creed; and will never be revised, as truth never changes. Religion,

in its broad sense, is the all in all; it is the science of eternal life,

"THE REAL, THE FINAL, THE ABSOLUTE TRUTH.''85

the perfect law of eternal progression. It is inconceivable that the

Creator would reveal a system of government for his creatures that is incomplete and must be supplemented by innumerable human devices.

A true religion was established by the Savior, with apostles and prophets, ordained to the priesthood, with authority to preach the gospel and administer its ordinances, and instruct the saints as they were inspired by the Holy Spirit; but the Jews crucified the

Savior, anH the Jews and Gentiles killed the apostles. Revelation

ceased, the church was broken up into fragments, each fragment led by uninspired teachers, none having, "the real, the final, the absolute truth."This condition continued, sects multiplying, confusion increasing, till the year 1820, when Joseph Smith found

himself in precisely the same condition as the author of Great Truths finds himself. He wished to know which of all the religions of the

world was right, and which he should join to be saved; he also

mast make his individual choice, and abide by it as best he could.

But in making his individual choice, he sought an infallible guide.

Not trusting to human wisdom, he bowed in humble prayer, and in childlike, simple faith, he asked the Lord which church he should join. In answer to his prayer, he was told to join none of them,

that they were without divine authority, that their ministers taught for doctrines the commandments of men, having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof. He was informed that the

Lord would soon restore the priesthood and reestablish his Church, arid that if Joseph were faithful he should be called to that mission.

In this connection, he had a peculiar experience such as no other person ever had either before or since, as we read of. As

soon as he commenced to pray an evil power seized him, not an imaginary power, but a real being from the unseen world, which sought to overpower and destroy him. It is evident from the New

Testament that evil spirits knew Jesus as the Christ. So Satan

knew Joseph Smith and the mission he was born to fill, and determined if possible to destroy him. Little could the youthful

Prophet imagine at this time the effect the announcement of this vision would have, the thorny path he would have to travel, the opposition he would meet; how men and evil spirits would combine

for his destruction, and that in a few years he must give his life for his testimony.

86 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The announcement that all the religions of the world were without divine authority, that all the ordinances, baptisms, confirmations, sacraments, and ceremonies, performed by their ministers, for centuries were of none effect, that nothing they had sealed on earth had been satisfied or sealed in heaven, was too true to be passed over in silence. If this had not been true, if the

ministers of the various churches had been conscious of their divine calling, that the Lord approved of their administrations, and that their members had an abiding testimony by the Holy Spirit, of the truth of their doctrines, they would have given very little attention to the story of an illiterate forteenyear-old boy. But being

aware of the weakness of their position, and filled with fear and anger at seeing their craft in danger, it is not surprising that they commenced a warfare against Joseph Smith and the Church he organized, which has continued till the present time, and will continue; for, as the little stone cut from the mountain smites the feet

of the image and breaks in pieces the iron and the clay, so the truth strikes their systems of human origin, and exposes the error in their creeds.

When Jesus first established his Church, in the meridian of time, it was the iron age in the political history of the world; and,

as the Prophet Daniel predicted, the saints were warred against and overcome. But when he reestablished the Church through

Joseph Smith, the iron age was passed. For ages the Lord had

been preparing the way for this work. He preserved this continent

for that purpose; and, in his own time, he caused it to be discovered, and moved upon some noble spirits to come to this land,

and from among them he raised up wise men and inspired them to found this government, and frame a constitution guaranteeing freedom of conscience, under which his Church could claim religious freedom. And though the Saints have suffered persecution, it

has been the result of ignorance and prejudice, and not the fault of the government, but in violation of the constitution. But, as

education has become more general, intelligence increased, and the character of the Saints better known, prejudice has given way till in places from which the Saints were driven by mob violence a generation ago, they are now welcomed and live in peace.

The Church as a whole never was in as good condition as it is "THE REAL, THE FINAL, 1HE ABSOLUTE TRUTH."87

today. Its quorums of priesthood are more fully organized, and

working in more perfect harmony; its auxiliary organizations more

complete and efficient; its splendid system of Church schools, better

equipped than ever before. Its missionaries are better educated

and of a higher average of intelligence, and command more attention and respect, and are more efficient in their work. As a consequence all the missions are in better working order, more people

are being reached, and more converts made, than ever before.

As one of the signs of his second coming, Jesus said, "And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations, and then shall the end come."This is

now being fulfiled, and there is now no necessity for men to remain in doubt as to the divinity of this work. In making their

individual choice, they can do as Joseph Smith did, they can go to

God for wisdom to guide them. In the Book of Mormon, on page

621, there is a precious promise as follows:

And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God the eternal Father in the name of Christ if these things are not true, and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost. And by

the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things.

That this promise is true has been verified by thousands who have put it to the test. Having heard the gospel as taught by the

Saints, and found, by comparisons, that in its organization, ordinances and doctrines, it agrees with the scriptures, they have sought a testimony of its divinity by humble prayer; and, having been

convinced by the power of the Holy Spirit, and being baptized into the Church, they have found by experience that all the gifts of the gospel are fully enjoyed.

God is no respecter of persons, and every man, including the author of Great Truths, who will go to God and ask for a testimony, with a determination to take upon him the name of Christ, and do the Father's will, may receive a knowledge of the divinity of this work, and that the religion given to the world from heaven,through the mission of Joseph Smith, is "the real, the final, the absolute truth."

Mancos, Colo.

HERBERT MELBOURNE.

BY EDWIN F. PARRY.

"I have only given you a mere outline of a few of the reasons that might be presented to prove the existence of God,"continued

Nelson. "It would take too long to give half of those that

might be brought forth. I would suggest that you make it a matter of serious study. You know it is impossible to reason upon a

subject about which you have no knowledge. Evidence comes

with understanding. With the intelligence you possess, I am satisfied the doctrines of our religion will appeal to you when you

become better acquainted with them, for they are consistent with reason. If you will devote as much study to religion as you have

to law, for instance, or to any of the sciences which you have masterd, you will be satisfied that it is based upon principles of truth.""Well, I can agree with much that you have presented.

One thing let me ask: What evidence can you show to prove that

God is a personal being, and that he is in the form of man, as you claim?""I cannot conceive of God being anything else than a personal

Being, and that he is in the form of man. We are the children of

the Deity, and as offspring are like their parents, I cannot believe otherwise than that we are in the image of our Heavenly Parent.

But I am giving you the scriptural doctrine of Deity, while I presume you want scientific testimony. However, I would like to

refer you to scriptural proof, if you will be kind enough to consider it."

"Let me ask you, Brother Melbourne,"interrupted Brother

Jones, "what is your estimate of individual testimony as evidence?

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 89

Don't you consider that the testimony of men is valuable as proof?""I do not consider it worth much on such subjects,''replied Herbert. "Some people will testify most solemnly that

they know God lives. How can they know such a thing any better

than I can?"

"By investigation, I will answer,"explained Brother Jones.

"You know that a good deal of what we call knowledge is received by us on the testimony of others. In your studies at college you

accepted hundreds of statements made by the professors without any demonstration whatever. One's knowledge would be very

limited, indeed, if he only accepted as truths those facts that are proven to his outward senses. In studying geography, such a

person would have to travel the world over and see for himself every nook and corner, in order to be convinced that the places actually existed; and so it would be with every other study."

''I remember, "added Brother Nelson, as an illustration of what

Brother Jones was remarking, "when I was on my way home from my mission, I got in conversation on the train with a young man who was just returning from an eastern medical college. We were

talking about the medical profession, and I asked him if the microbe theory, advanced as an explanation of the cause of diseases, was generally accepted by medical men. '0 yes,'said

he, 'there is no question as to its being correct.'Then he expressed his own satisfaction that the theory was sound beyond dispute. I inquired if he had made any original investigation of the

subject. He said he had made none whatever; it was unnecessary;

and yet he accepted it upon the testimony of his teachers."

"Yes; but if he had desired to demonstrate the truth of the

statements made to him he could have done so,"responded Mr.

Melbourne. "And so may you prove the statements made by men who testify they have come to a knowledge of God."

"Well, I should like to know how it can be done."

"By personal investigation, I would say. Men who are

in possession of a knowledge of God have gained it by first accepting the testimony of others and following the instructions laid down for their guidance in these matters. With faith in the

90 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

promises made, they have prayed to God and received answers to their prayers; they have complied with the ordinances of the gospel, and the promised results have followed—the gift of the Holy

Ghost has been received. As evidence that they have received the

Holy Ghost, the promised gifts of the Spirit are enjoyed by them.

Their minds are enlightened, and the testimony of Jesus brings to their souls absolute knowledge of the existence and goodness of

God. This knowledge is an outgrowth of faith and experience;

and brings to one's soul an actual demonstration of the truth of the gospel which they have accepted."

"Bat, excuse me,"interrupted Herbert, "what do you mean by their having demonstrated the truth of the gospel? They are

not saved yet while they are on the earth; and when they die we

do not know what becomes of them—we never hear from them."

"No,"continued Oscar, "they are not saved, but they are being saved; they are on the right road, and so far as they have

progressed they know they are right. Let me illustrate my meaning. When a child begins to go to school he is given to understand that by following the teachings he is about to receive, he

will be enabled to read all kinds of books. At first it is only a

belief with him—he does not know, but his faith is sufficient to

cause him to put forth an effort. After a few lessons he finds he

can read simple words. His faith is now turning to knowledge.

While he may not yet know that he will become a fluent reader he does know that he has learned to read easy sentences. He

knows that he is taking the right course and can demonstrate it to his entire satisfaction. It is the same with one who undertakes to gain salvation: he proves the correctness of the principles of the gospel as he puts them into practice."

"0 yes, that may be true,"assented Herbert, "but how can you prove, for instance, that there is a resurrection?"

"We must approach that doctrine by degrees. Let us begin

with something more fundamental. You know one cannot work

in algebra without a knowledge of the first principles of mathematics. The resurrection is a promised reward of the future, not

a principle to practice in oureveryday lives. We obtain assurrance of its being a fact, by proving other truths that more

directly concern us. When we obey the rules of conduct that the

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 91

gospel teaches, and the rewards promised as immediate results follow, we are justified in believing that those promised for the future will also come—

"But, friend Nelson, you haven't explained to my satisfaction how one can demonstrate the resurrection to be a fact."

"I am coming to that point now, I trust, if my meaning is not already clear to you. With nearly every gospel requirement is

promised a temporal blessing. When the requirements are obeyed

and the immediate results promised are realized, is it not reasonable to conclude that the future blessings promised will also follow? Besides, when one has accepted the gospel in all sincerity,

the Holy Spirit reveals to him that it is the truth. It assures him

beyond all question that the Lord lives; that all the promises of

the gospel are true, and that his course in life, if continued, will bring him eternal salvation. I may not be able to make this

entirely clear to you all at once. It requires time and study, and

practice, too, to become fully convinced of the truths of religion.

You, of course, must realize that, from your experience in studying other subjects. True religion is a science that requires

thoughtful and diligent study. It cannot be fully grasped or

comprehended in a few lessons. It is a life study, and requires

faith and works combined to master it. One who has not given

it this kind of an investigation is not capable of passing judgment upon its merits, any more than one ignorant of the subject is able to judge of the correctness of astronomy, or of chemistry, or of any of the sciences."

Mr. Melbourne made no reply to this last remark of Mr.

Nelson, but sat in a thoughtful mood, with his chin resting on his hand and his eyes turned to the floor.

After a moment's silence, Mr. Jones ventured to suggest to

Herbert that he read the "Lectures on Faith,"found in the forepart of the Doctrine and Covenants. That excellent treatise, he

thought, would help him to reach the conclusion that there was good reason to believe in God.

"It's pretty dry reading,"was Melbourne's comment. "I

never could get interested in the Doctrine and Covenants."

"Perhaps you never got a full understanding of what you did read,"suggested Nelson.

92 Ml'ROYFA!EXT ERA.

"Perhaps not,"answered Melbourne.

"The book is a rich mine, containing nuggets of the finest philosophy; but the gems of truth it contains have to be

sought,"said Nelson.

"Philosophy, did you say!"exclaimed Melbourne in surprise.

"I didn't think there is any philosophy in it. I am fond of

science and philosophy, and have read some of Emerson,.Spencer,

Schopenhauer and others, but I never thought of looking for philosophy in the writings or teachings of Joseph Smith."

"I fear you haven't studied his teachings very much.

According to my idea, Joseph Smith's philosophy, so far as the purpose of life is concerned, is the only philosophy worth studying. His teachings not only agree with the sacred scriptures, but

they harmonize with science and reason. One strong evidence of

his inspiration is the power he possessed to expound scriptures and show that there is harmony between the different passages, and no conflict between them and true science. But,"added

Mr. Nelson, "it is getting late, and we do not wish to tire you. I

would just like to add, in conclusion, that I believe that if you will only give the matter study and prayer you will find there is overwhelming evidence of the existence of a Creator, and that his gospel has been revealed anew in our day. The gospel is nothing

less than a rule of conduct by which we can get the best results out of this life, and at the same time prepare for the future. It

is not arbitrary in its requirements. It does not demand any rites

or observances just to please an inexorable being. Our obedience

to the gospel pleases the Lord, because he desires the salvation of his children; and there is no other way whereby we can be saved

and exalted and become like him, except by the plan which he has scientific reason, if you will admitgiven us. There is a reason—a

in the gospel. Itsit—for every principle and ordinance taught

principles will appeal to your scientific mind, if you will study them; and I believe that every objection you may have against

the doctrines of true religion can be explained to your satisfaction."

"Well, I hardly know about that,"said Herbert, "there are many things about religion that do not appeal to me, and if you can enlighten me upon some of them, I shall be willing to listen.

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 93

You are welcome to come and see me whenever you have the time."

"I shall be pleased to explain what I can in my simple way> so be prepared with your questions. We will call again soon—

"I would like to invite you to attend the meetings of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement association of the ward, and also to become a member. You know we meet every Tuesday

evening,"interposed Brother Jones, as both teachers arose to depart.

"0, 1 may attend occasionally, but I will not promise to become a member. I have been to your meetings once "or twice;

and to tell the truth, I was more interested in the president of the Young Ladies'association than in the lesson. I believe I

would rather join the Young Ladies'association. The influence of

that talented and lovely young lady, Miss Williams, the president, would convert me to religion sooner than all your arguments,"confessed Mr. Melbourne, as he arose to shake hands with them as

they were going.

"I'm glad to hear you admit as much,"said Mr. Jones.

"That is just what Brother Nelson and I have been contending that testimony is more effective than argument. The testimony

of Alice Williams'devoted life is more convincing than all of our reasoning. Alice is a most excellent and lovely young lady, and

she is a product of the gospel. Her pure and useful life is a demonstration of what the gospel of Christ will accomplish."

Bidding Herbert and his mother a pleasant "good night,"the teachers took their departure. It was too late to make another call that evening, so they returned to the Nelson home, and

after a short visit Edward Jones escorted Lizzie Anderson to her home, and then, with a light heart, went to his own home, feeling well satisfied with the experiences of the evening.

After the teachers left the Melbourne home, Herbert remarked to his mother, ''Oscar Nelson is a pretty bright fellow. His mission has polished him considerably; and he seems to be able to

preach as glibly as the best of them."

"Yes,"replied Mrs. Melbourne, "his mission has been a blessing to him. I wish you would prepare yourself that you might be

worthy of filling a mission. I am in hopes that some day that call

will come to you; and it will come if you will only be ready to obey."

9 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

"0, no danger of me being called. They do not want men of

my stamp. Well, if I were as well satisfied with religion as Oscar

is I might go and preach it."

"Well, Herbert, dear, take his advice and study the gospel, and pray for a testimony of its truth. Nothing in the world would

afford me greater happiness than to see you take an interest in the Church."

"Some day, mother, I may 'get religion,'if there is anything in it."it is too "But do not delay it too long—start now, before

late. And you ought to be thinking of getting married before

very long. Your brothers and sisters were all married before they

reached your age, my son."

"Married! There you go again! Urging marriage! I suppose I am old enough for that—perhaps too old. My married

associates tell me they have abandoned me—left me behind to

come along with the next generation."

"In your half joking way you confessed to the teachers that you admired Alice Williams. You ought to prove your worthiness

for such a girl as she is. Indeed, I think she is one of the best

and sweetest young ladies in the community."

"Do you really think so, mother? So do I. I may be more

in earnest than you think. I believe she is just handsome and

bright and witty. But then she's religious, and won't marry a

fellow unless he is the same. Well, I can't blame her."

"Nor I,"added Mrs. Melbourne. "She is deserving of a good

man, and the best thing for you to do is to attend your meetings and begin to pay your tithing and perform your other duties as I have always pleaded with you in kindness to do."

Herbert said no more upon the subject that night. When

he retired to his bed a short time later, he could not sleep. He

could not help thinking of the words of those teachers and those of his mother—and of Alice. He tried to dismiss the thoughts from

his mind, but they would not vanish. He lay awake far into the

night pondering in his mind the arguments of his visitors, reviewing his career, and reflecting upon the almost aimless course of life he had been leading for the past few years. True, he had

been industrious and temperate, but of what benefit was his life to

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 95

the community or to mankind at large? He called to mind his

mother's oftrepeated counsel and encouragement. He fully

believed that it was through her influence he had been kept free from the deadly evils and temptations of the world. He

really loved his mother, his dearest friend on earth, who was ever sacrifice everything, even life itself, patient and kinl—willing to

for his welfare. He was the idol of her existence. He was her

dear "baby;"and since all the others were married and living in

their own homes, and her husband was dead, her attentions were mostly confined to him.

The next day the same thoughts haunted him. He could not

drive them away. He felt a sense of ingratitude such as he had

never experienced before. While he had always sought to be kind

to his mother and considerate of her feelings, he had treated her counsel respecting religion, somewhat lightly, not with the least intention of causing her grief, only thoughtlessly. Now he

realized that his conduct in this regard was unkind to a parent who manifested everlasting kindness towards him. Hitherto he

had justified himself in the thought that he could not force himself to comply with his mother's wishes and be interested in religious matters. If he pretended to be religious, just to please his

mother, he knew he would be a hypocrite, and a hypocrite he despised. But now he remembered that his mother never asked

more than that he study and investigate her religion. In truth,

it never dawned upon him before that there was anything to study about religion. He had regarded it as only a sentiment.

Before this visit of the teachers the night before, he had never dreamed that there was logic in religion—that anyone claimed for

it a place in rational philosophy,.or that it could be harmonized

with science. He now promised himself that he would make an

attempt, at least, to investigate the gospel. He would not an

nounce this intention, not even to his mother, but would proceed quietly to carry it out. He decided to attend meetings on the

Sabbath day, and to read those "Lectures on Faith"found in the

Doctrine and Covenants; and further, he decided he would pray

yes, he would make an attempt at it—a practice he had neglected

since he was a boy.

-Salt Lake City, Utah. [to be continued. 1

[Photo by Geo. Albert Smith.]

TWIN* BUTTES, NEAR BLUFF, SAN JUAN COUNTY, UTAH.

The Men in the Picture are Bishop Samuel Redd and Patriarch

Kiimen Jones, of Bluff.

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME.

BY COL. R. M. BRYCETHOMAS.

III.—LUKE.

Another of St. Paul's companions was his biographer, St. Luke,

the evangelist. The friendship that existed between these two

men was perhaps as remarkable as that between the great Apostle and his son in the faith, Timothy. Both Paul and Luke were doubtless men of education, of a high intellectual order, but while one

was the cultivated Jew, the other was the cultivated Gentile. It

is evident from the names mentioned by St. Paul in Colossians 4:

10, 11, of those who were of the circumcision, that Luke was not one, his name being coupled subsequently in verse 14 with that of

Demas. Hence, he must have been a Gentile convert, and Dr.

Farrar thinks that there is no reason to reject the unanimous tradition that he was by birth an Antiochene. Dr. John Kitto, in his

Cyclopoedia of Biblical Literature, tells us that the name Luke is a contracted form of Lucanus, indicating that St. Luke was descended

from heathen ancestors; while Dr. Scott, in his Commentary on St.

Luke's Gospel, clearly points out that in the Acts of the Apostles the writer (St. Luke) does not say, in "our,"but in "their,"tongue

(Acts 1: 49), showing that he could not have been a Hebrew, but

a Greek or Gentile. Origen and Epiphanius say that he was one of

the seventy disciples of our Lord, but if so he must have been an eye witness of nearly all the facts recorded in his gospel, and to this he. himself would seem to give the denial in chapter 1: 12 of

the Acts of the Apostles, in which he would appear to suggest that he was merely making a declaration of those things which had been delivered unto him, among others by eye witnesses and ministers of the word. Had he been one of the seventy, he would

scarcely have written in this way.

IMPRO VEMENT ERA

The Apostle calls his friend Luke, "the beloved physician,"thus indicating the profession to which he had been educated; and

Dr. Farrar thinks that he may have been a freedman. Some ancient writers credit St. Luke with having been a skilful painter,

and the picture of the Madonna which the writer saw over the high altar in the church of Santa Maria del Popolo, in Rome, is one of those attributed to him by the Roman hierarchy.

The Revd. John Healy, LL. D., the author of St. Luke as

the Amanuensis of St. Paul, writes thus of the Evangelist:

Assuming that he was a Gentile convert and a physician, we may fairly conclude that the great writers of the ancient world were his study, that he had read the history and witnessed the struggles of different schools of thought, that the artistic refinement of Greece and the broad justice of Rome had both their influence upon him; and we know that, to crown all. he had by his conversion to

Christianity learnt all that is most real and true in Judaism itself. The two (Paul

and Luke) were as different in their training as men could be, yet, as Christians, they had that in common which united them in the closest bonds of friendship.

When and where, or by whom, St. Luke was converted to

Christianity is not known, and he himself does not appear to have alluded to the subject either in his own gospel, or in the Acts of the Apostles; the tradition, however, is that he accepted the faith

at Antioch. From the fact that St. Paul never refers to him as

his son, as he does in the case of his converts Timothy, Titus, and

Onessimus, but merely as "the beloved physician,"it is presumed that he was not converted by the great Apostle. St. Luke must

have been a Christian before A. D. 57, for it is said that he wrote

his gospel some twentyfour years after the ascension of our

Lord, and that event occurred, according to Bible chronology, in

A. D.33.

Owing to the nobleness and sweetness of his disposition, St.

Paul appears to have had the gift of attracting and drawing to himself many individuals of very diverse temperaments and characters. St. Luke among others was soon brought under his spell,

and, notwithstanding the fact that a friendship with the Apostle was at all times fraught with great danger, his faithfulness to

Paul was very manifest throughout all that is known of his life.

The author of The Saints our Example writes of him thus:

Throughout perils and hardships to which we shall never be exposed, St. Luke

stood steadfastly by St. Paul even unto death.

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME. 99

Luke would seem to have first met Paul at Troas, for, as Dr.

Farrar points out, this accurate writer of the Acts of the Apostles in his biography of St. Paul very modestly uses the pronoun "we"

for the first time in recording the Apostle's departure from that place. It will be remembered that it was at Troas where a night

vision appeared to Paul, in which a man of Macedonia stood before him and prayed him to go over to that country, and to help them there; and St. Luke, in recording this fact, suddenly uses the word

''we."He writes: "After he had seen the vision, immediately

we endeavored to go into Macedonia"(Acts 16:10). An interesting note on this subject is given by Dr. Farrar on page 479,

Vol., I of his book,27ie Life and Work of St. Paul, which I may with

advantage quote here:

Tbe 'we"begins in Acts 16: 10, it ends when Paul leaves Philippi 17: 1.

It is resumed at Philippi at the close of the third missionary journey, 20; 5; and

continues till the arrival at Jerusalem, 21: 15. It again appears in 27: 1, and

continues throughout the journey to Rome. Luke was also with the Apostle during

his first (Col. 4: 14, Philem. 24; and second impmonment (II Tim. 4: 11).

Here, then, we see that Luke was St. Paul's companion from

Troas on his second apostolic journey, he was with him at Philippi, accompanied him to Jerusalem, and, so far as we know, never left him again till his martyrdom in Rome.

How pathetic are those words, almost the last ones written by the great Apostle shortly before his death, and addressed to his friend Timothy from the gloomy dungeon in which he was incarcerated in the imperial city of Rome: "For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto

Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia. Only Luke

is with me"(II Tim. 4: 10, 11). This faithful friend and companion was nearly always by his side, and we feel no wonder,therefore, at the deep attachment which Paul had for his "beloved physician,"whose character he had once summed up some six years

previously in the words—"the brother whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the (II Cor. 8: 18). It is pleasant? churches"—

too, to think that the medical skill and attention of this devoted friend must have been as great a source of comfort to the aged, feeble and sick Apostle, as we are sure that his companionship 1 1 ii IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

was a source of consolation to him during all the many trials of his later life.

Dr. Plumptre.in his ExcurtUt <i th<> Lift of St. Luke, tells u,

that according to tradition Luke lived to the age of eightyfour years; and was crucified at Elnea in the Peloponnesus, on an olive

tree; or, according to another [story, died a natural death in Pithy nia. His bones are said to have been brought to Constantinople

from Patras, in Achaia, by order of the Emperor Constantine, and to have been deposited in the "Church of the Apostles*'there.

IV.—MARCUS.

Mark, we know, was one of Paul's companions during the latter's first Roman captivity, for, in writing from Rome to the Collossians, in A.D. 64, the Apostle sends them salutations'from Aristarchus, and from Marcus'sister's son to Barnabas (Col. 4: 10).

It is a somewhat debated point as to whether St. Mark the Evangelist, and the Marcus referred to by St. Paul, are one and the sam*

individual. St. Peter mentions the Evangelist at the close of his

first general epistle, in which he alludes to him as "Marcus my son"(I Peter 5: 13), and it is therefore supposed that he was one

of Peter's converts. Dr. Farrar tells us that according to Papias,

Mark accompanied Peter as his interpreter ( epfwevrvc). The authoress of The Saints our Example does not look upon Mark the

Evangelist and companion of St. Luke, as being one and the same

person as John, surnamed Mark, the companion of St. Paul; and the

reason she assigns for this conclusion is in her own words, that "trustworthy records concerning the Evangelist state that he was latterly Bishop of Alexandria, and died there in A. D. 62."If

such were the case, then certainly the Mark whose presence St.

Paul so greatly desired during his second Roman imprisonment "take Mark and bring him with thee, for he is profitable to me for the ministry"(II Tim. 4: 11), could not be the same individual as

Mark the writer of the gospel that bears his name, because the

Apostle's second epistle to Timothy was not penned till A. D. 66,

or four years after the alleged death of the Evangelist. By some

authorities, however, it is believed that Mark did not go as the first

Bishop to Alexandria till a much later period; and so the question

is still left in doubt, and such celebrated historians as Grotius and

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME. 101

Lardner are accepted as leaders on each side of this controversy.

Dr. Farrar, who has made a careful study of the life of St.

Paul, and has had frequently among other matters to deal with the great Apostle's friends and companions, nowhere seems to have touched upon this debated question; but from the fact that, in the

index to his bock, Life and Work of St. Paul, he includes under

the one single name of Mark, incidents relating both to Mark's companionship with Peter, as well as to his companionship with

Paul, it must, I think, be concluded that he viewed the Evangelist and the man called "John surnamed Mark"as one and the same person. The writer of the present article looks upon them as the

same individual on the following grounds: Allowing not only the

possibility, but also the probability that there was more than one convert to Christianity in those days named Mark, it would be both strange and unlikely that there was more than one who had the name John prefixed to that of Mark. When Peter was miraculously

delivered by an angel from prison in Jerusalem, he at once went, we are told, to the house of John surnamed Mark (Acts 12: 12);

and we may fairly conclude that this was no other than his convert whom he designated as "Marcus my son"(I Peter 5: 13).

Indeed, it seems natural to suppose that he would have gone directly to this friend's house, where we are certain that he would have received a warm welcome, for Peter was himself a Galilean, and had no home of his own at Jerusalem to go to. Then again, when

we come to the supposed other Mark who was the companion of

Paul and Barnabas, we find that he, too, is mentioned as John whose surname was Mark (Acts 12: 25). Once also he is simply called

John (Acts 13: 5 and 13). We also read of this man as being

called John, surnamed Mark, at the time when the unfortunate contention arose between the Apostles Paul and Barnabas about taking Mark with them on their second joint missionary journey (Acts 15: 37, 38). Then again, it is equally unlikely that two men, both

of whose names were John, and both of whom were also surnamed

Mark, should also both have been called Marcus, inasmuch as this is a purely Latin name indicating, as Dr. Plumptre tells us in his

commentary on the Acts, some point of contact withRomans or

Roman Jews. We find Peter calling his convert and companion

''Marcus my son, ''and we also find Paul in writing to the Colosloj IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sians sending them salutations from his companion "Marcus."In

this way the identity of the two men seems to the writer to be as complete and satisfactory as it is possible to make it.

We learn from what is recorded in Acts 12: 12, that the

name of Mark's mother was Mary, and that she lived in Jerusalem.

We may also conclude, from the absence of any mention of his father, that his mother was a widow. She must also have been a

Christian, as many Christians appear to have gathered themselves together in her house to pray, and we may also suppose that she was a person of some importance in the Christian community, because a portion of the Church made her home a place of meeting.

FYom the fact, too, that her brother Barnabas had land which he sold, and the proceeds of which he laid at the feet of the Apostle

Peter, it is not improbable that she, too, was in fairly wellto-do circumstances. In Colossians 4: 10 we read that Mark was sister's

son to this same Barnabas, or in other words thelatter's nephew, and as Barnabas, whose real name was Joses (he having, we are told, been surnamed Barnabas by the Apostles), was a Levite, it is evident that Mark must have been connected with the tribe of Levi, and probably belonged to it.

The first we hear of Mark's work in the conversion of the

Gentiles, was when he left Jerusalem with Paul and Barnabas (his uncle) on their first missionary journey (Acts 12: 25). They went

to Cyprus, where, of course, he and Barnabas must have had relations (Acts 4: 36), and thence, passing through various other

places, they came to Perga in Pamphylia, and there Mark suddenly deserted his companions. All sorts of conjectures have been advanced to account for the motive of this strange defection on his

part. Some think that he may have got tired of the fatigues of

the journey in countries in which traveling was associated with so many hardships and dangers. He was we know very young, and

in those days may have been of a vacillating and inconstant disposition. Some have suggested that he probably wished to return to

his widowed mother in Jerusalem, who may have been suffering persecution there like many other Christians at that time. But

whatever may have been his motive, having once put his hand to the plough he ought not to have looked back, and it would seem as if the Apostle Paul not only resented this desertion on Mark's

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME. 103

part, but also considered his action so blameworthy, that on a subsequent occasion when he had arranged with Barnabas to undertake another joint missionary journey in order to revisit the churches they had already planted, he most strongly opposed the suggestion of the latter, who may very probably have seen some extenuating circumstances in his nephew's former conduct, to take

Mark with them. The two old friends who had hitherto worked

together in such amity, now grew so heated over this dispute, that they could apparently find no other solution to the difficulty but to sever their connection with one another, and so Paul chose Silas to accompany him, while Barnabas took Mark and returned with him from Perga to Cyprus (Acts 15: 37 to 41)

At this stage Barnabas and Mark disappear from the history of the Acts of the Apostles, but we still find some interesting references to Mark in some of the epistles. After he had labored

with his uncle in Cyprus, we discover him back again with his father in the faith, Peter, in Babylon in A. D. 60 (I Peter 5: 13).

After this we find that he returned to Paul, for he was with that

Apostle during his first imprisonment in Rome in A. D. 64 (Col. 4:

10). From what the Apostle then wrote to the Colossian church,

we may infer that he had previously in some conversation, address, or letter given expression to his views about Timothy, perhaps in terms of distrust, owing to the latter having forsaken the work in

Asia Minor. But by this time Paul had evidently changed his mind

about him, or, as Dr. Farrar says, had seen fit to modify his previous unfavorable opinion regarding him; consequently, when sending Mark's salutation to the Colossians, the Apostle added the following words,—"touching whom ye received commandment, if he

come unto you, receive him.''

Doubtless Mark had long repented of his defection at Perga, and had since labored zealously in the cause of the gospel of his

Master, making up in every possible way for the coldness and indifference he had formerly exhibited in the work of the Lord; because we find the Apostle, during his second imprisonment in Rome,

longing to have Mark back with him as a fellowlaborer; and we

also find him writing to Timothy an express request, as Dr. Farrar

puts it, that he would bring Mark with him to Rome to solace his last imprisonment, because he had now found him—that which he had once failed to be—"profitable to him for the ministry."

I'M lMI'ROYKMKST ERA.

Kusebius, the historian, tellfl us that Mark introduced the gospel into Egypt, and became the founder of the church at Alexandria. According to later accounts he suffered martyrdom at

that place by being dragged to death in the streets of the city.

Pas de Calais, France.

[to be continued. I

[Photo by George Albert Smith.]

ON THE EDGE OF THE HILL CUMORAH.

On September 21, 1823, the Angel Moroni appeared to Joseph Smith, the prophet, and told him "there was a book deposited, written upon gold plates, giving an account of the former inhabitants of this continent. He also said that

the fulness of the everlasting gospel was contained in it."The book was the

Book of Mormon; the place where it was hidden is the bill Cumorah, in New

York.

SELFCONTROL.*

BY WILLTAM GEORGE JORDAN.

VII.—LIVING LIFE OVER AGAIN.

During a terrific storm a few years ago a ship was driven far out of her course, and, helpless and disabled, was carried into a strange bay. The water supply gave out, and the crew suffered

agony of thirst, yet dared not drink the salt water in which their vessel floated. In their last extremity they lowered a bucket over

the ship's side and in desperation quaffed the beverage they thought was seawater. But to their joy and amazement the

water was fresh, cool and lifegiving. They were in a fresh

water arm of the sea, and they did not know it. They had simply to reach down and accept the new life and strength for which

they prayed.

Man, today, heartweary with the sorrow, sin and failure of his past life, feels that he could live a better life if he could only have another chance, if he could only live life over again, if he could only start afresh with his present knowledge and experience.

He looks back with regretful memory to the golden days of youth and sadly mourns his wasted chances. He then turns hopefully to

the thought of a life to come. But helpless he stands between

the two ends of life, yet thirsting for the chance to live a new life, according to his bettered condition for living it. In his

blindness and unknowing, he does not realize, like the stormdriven sailors, that the new life is all around him; he has but to reach

out and take it. Every day is a new life, every sunrise but a new

birth for himself and the world, every morning the beginning of a

* From SelfControl; its Kingship and Majesty. Copyright 1889 and 1905

by Fleming H. Revell Company.

Kit; IMPROVEMENT ERA.

new existence for him, a new, great chance to put to new and higher uses the results of his past living.

The man who looks back upon his past life and says, "I have nothing to regret,"has lived in vain. The life without regret is

the life without gain. Regret is but the light of fuller wisdom,

from our past illumining our future. It means that we are wiser

today than we were yesterday. This new wisdom means new responsibility, new privileges; it is a new chance for a better life.

Rut if regret remain merely "regret,"it is useless; it must become the revelation of new possibilities, and the inspiration and

source of strength to realize them. Even omnipotence could not

change the past, but each man, to a degree far beyond his knowing, holds his future in his own hands.

If man were sincere in his longing to live life over, he would get more help from his failures. If he realize his wasted

golden hours of opportunity, let him not waste other hours in useless regret, but seek to forget his folly and to keep before him only the lessons of it. His past extravagance of time should lead

him to minify his loss by marvelous economy of present moments.

If his whole life be darkened by the memory of a cruel wrong he has done another, if direct amends be impossible to the injured one, passed from life, let him make the world the legatee to receive his expressions of restitution. Let his regret and sorrow be manifest in words of kindness and sympathy, and acts of sweetness and

love given to all with whom he comes in contact. If he regret a

war he has made against one individual, let him place the entire world on his pension list. If a man make a certain mistake once,

the only way he can properly express his recognition of it, is not to make a similar mistake later. Josh Billings once said: "A man

who is bitten twice by the same dog is better adapted to that business than any other."

There are many people in this world who want to live life over because they take such pride in their past. They resemble

the beggars in the street who tell you they ''have seen better days."It is not what man was that shows character; it is what he

progressively is. Trying to obtain a present record on a dead past

is like some presentday mediocrity that tries to live on its ancestry. We look for the fruit on the branches of the family tree not

SELFCONTROL. 107

in the roots. Showing how a family degenerated from a noble

ancestor of generations ago to its present representative is not a is an unnecessary confession. Let man think less ofboast;—it

his own ancestors and more of those he is preparing for his posterity; less of his past virtue, and more of his future.

When man pleads for a chance to live life over, there is always an'implied plea of inexperience, of a lack of knowledge.

This is unworthy, even of a coward. We know the laws of health,

yet we ignore them or defy them every day. We know what is

the proper food for us, individually, to eat, yet we gratify our appetites, and trust to our cleverness to square the account with

Nature somehow. We know that success is a matter of simple,

clearly defined laws, of the development of mental essentials, of tireless energy and concentration, of constant payment of price, all this,and yet we do not live up to our knowledge. We—we know

constantly eclipse ourselves by ourselves, and then we blame Fate.

Parents often counsel their children against certain things, and do them themselves in the foolish hope that the children will believe their ears in preference to their eyes. Years of careful

teaching of a child to be honest and truthful may be nullified in an instant by a parent's lying to a conductor about a child's age to save a nickel. That may be a very expensive street car ride for

It may be part of the spirit ofthe child,—and for the parent.

the age to believe that it is no sin to cheat a corporation or a trust, but it is unwise to give the child so striking an example at an age when it cannot detect the sophistry.

Man's only plea for a chance to live life again is that he has gained in wisdom and experience, if he be really in earnest, then he can live life over, he can live life anew, he can live the new life that comes to him day by day. Let him leave to the past,

to the aggregated thousands of yesterdays, all their mistakes, sin, sorrow, misery and folly and start afresh. Let him close the books

of his old life, let him strike a balance, and start anew, crediting himself with all the wisdom he has gained from his past failure and weakness, and charging himself with the new duties and responsibilities that come from the possession of his new capital of wisdom. Let him criticize others less and himself more,—and

start out bravely in this new life he is to live.

1 1 is IMPRO VEMENT ERA

What the world needs is more dayto-day living; starting in the

morning with fresh, clear ideals for that day, and seeking to live that day, and each successive hour and moment of that day, as if it were all time and all eternity. This has in it no element of disregard for the future, for each day is set in harmony with that

future. It is like the sea captain heading his vessel toward his

port of destination, and day by day keeping her steaming toward it. This view of living kills morbid regret of the past, and morbid

worry about the future. Most people want large guaranteed

slices of life; they would not be satisfied with manna fresh every

day, as was given to the children of Israel; they want grain elevators filled with daily bread.

Life is worth living if it be lived in a way that is worth living. Man does not own his life,—to do with as he will. He

has merely a lifeinterest in it. He must finally surrender it,

with an accouncing. At each New Year tide it is common to

make new resolutions, but in the true life of the individual each day is the beginning of a New Year if he will only make it so. A

mere date on the calendar of eternity is no more a divider of time than a particular grain of sand divides the desert.

Let us not make heroic resolutions so far beyond our strength that the resolution becomes a dead memory within a week; but let

us promise ourselves that each day will be the new beginning of a newer, better and truer life for ourselves, for those around us, and for the world.

[to be continued.]

THE SUNSET.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Behind the clouds the sun is setting, The wings of night are spreading slowly

Another day is done. The splendor fades away.

Souls have come or ceased their fretBend your knees in vespers lowly ting, For the passing day.

Battles lost or won. Oh, plead with God in fervent meekness,

The sky is beautifully tinted, For his boundless love;

In crimson and in green. That you may always, though in weakMortal masters never painted ness,

Such a perfect scene. See the light above.

Logan, Utah. A. J. Hansen.

Du WE FORGET?

BY ELDER D. A. LATIMER, PRESIDENT OF THE WISCONSIN CONFERENCE.

As a religious body the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday-

Saints thoroughly believe and strongly advocate the principle of preexistence, or of our having lived in our heavenly home as spiritual beings before coming to this earth.

A great many objections are raised against this idea, by those not of our faith, and many say, "If that be true, why do we not remember something of our former life: of our former associations, and why are we not able to tell of things we knew while in

that preexistent state?"

This idea of a life before is not a new one, but has appealed to many in times past. The poet Wordsworth said,

This life is but a sleep and a forgetting,

The soul that rises with us—our life's star,

Has had elsewhere its setting,

And cometh from afar.

Not in entire forgetfulness, And not in utter darkness, But trailing clouds of glory do we come,

From God, who is our home.

Also one of our own poets, Sister Eliza R. Snow, thus:

For a wise and glorious purpose

Thou hast placed me here on earth,

And withheld the recollection Of my former friends and birth.

The Bible also gives us many passages on the same subject;

for instance: In speaking of death, Eccl. 12: 7, "Then shall the

dust return to the earth, as it was, and the spirit shall return to 1H IMl'IiO VEMENT ERA

God who pave it."As it is impossible to return to space unless

we have been there before, we must have existed with God before coming to the earth.

Yet the question still remains, "Why do we forget all our knowledge of things pertaining to that former life, and yet at the resurrection regain that knowledge, and have added to it what we gain while here on earth?"The Prophet Joseph Smith says (Doc.

and Gov. sec. 130: 18): "Whatever principle of intelligence we

attain to in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection."

God is a great Being, and works only on natural principles;

therefore, our forgetting can come about only in a natural way.

Let us see if we can venture a solution.

First, we will look at the spirit while in the spirit world, then consider the body in which it dwells while here on earth, and lastly the result of the union of the two; continually holding in mind

that all knowledge gained in this life is by means of vibrations passing along sensenerves carrying impressions to the mind;

that all movement is by means of vibrations; that knowledge of all

things is only in a relative degree; and that in the sending of

messages or sensations, the instruments of both the sending party and receiving party must be attuned to each other, as in wireless telegraphy. Also that it takes different toned instruments to

transmit or receive different sensations or impressions—likening

the nerves and nerveendings to conductors and instruments.

Again, truth is a knowledge of things as they are, and as they were, and as they are to come, and "all truth is independent in the sphere in which God has placed it, to act for itself, as all intelligence also, otherwise there isno existence"(Doc. &. Cov.

sec. 93": 2430).

Therefore, as this earth is different from other planets, truths here are independent and in a way different from truths elsewhere; which condition makes it impossible for knowledge

pertaining to the life before to be transmitted by us to one another here, because we are not provided with instruments of the right kind either to send or to receive.

Now, viewing the spirit in the spirit world, we see it as an intelligent being, "living with the Father of spirits,"responding to the surrounding environments, and having its own free agency to

DO WE FORGET? Ill

obey or disobey the laws governing the sphere on which it dwells and as sin is merely the breaking of law, it can sin there as well as here. The apostles asked Christ, "Who did sin, this man or

his parents, that he was born blind?"Thus we progress in the

life before.

Then, after having kept our first estate in the scale of advancement, it is our desire to come to earth and increase our store of knowledge—this is accomplished by our being thrown into

entirely new surroundings.

But to make it possible for us to dwell here on earth, we must take upon us a body of flesh and blood; the makeup of

which we will now consider.

The physical makeup of man is of the earth earthy; and made

to respond to the conditions existing here, and here only—provided with only five means of communication from the outer

five senses.world to the inner being—the

Now, as impressions that reach the mind are produced by outer objects causing vibrations to pass along the sensenerves, and as the scope of vibrations that will effect the nerves is very limited, we gain, by means of the senses, a knowledge of only the regular elements of earth. We feel air, but cannot see it; we

hear sounds, but cannot feel them; we see the beauties of nature,

but can neither feel nor hear them, and so on; and if we do ever

become able to see, feel, or hear the finer vibrations that are ever around us, the senses must be toned to. that high pitch, or be

assisted by complexly constructed instruments.

The body might be likened to a perfect machine, which in and of itself has no intelligence nor power to move or act. For

instance, a locomotive is all charged with steam and in readiness to draw the coaches swiftly over the plains, yet it is useless until the engineer—the life or spirit of it, enters the cab and pulls the

throttle, which causes it to move.

So with the body, a perfect mechanism with all its organs, and well filled with air, the propelling power, yet it is a helpless, unintelligent piece of clay until the spirit enters it and causes it to move and act.

We will now look at the result of the union of the two. On

entering the body, the intelligent being from the other world is 1 1 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

suddenly enclosed in a dark "cell"which in and of itself h*s no intelligence and only five unused inlets to carry impressions from this new outer world to the intelligent being within; and as

the scope of vibration that will affect the nerves is very limited, and those only caused by the coarser earthly objects, the being within has no means at its command by which it can make known to its fellowman the knowledge it brought from the world before, because conditions here are different and independent from those on the sphere from whence it came.

So we say that we forget all concerning our former existence;

yet, strictly speaking, we do not forget, but haven't at our command the rightly toned instruments to transmit it to others.

Although many times, in the lives of all people, when the feelings are aroused by some extraordinary incident, thoughts and ideas suddenly pass before the mind's eye and take us back to a knowledge which must have been gained elsewhere.

Thus we can infer that the little infant which enters this life is an intelligent being from the other world, clothed upon with an earthly tabernacle in which it is to dwell while passing through this second estate, to gain the experiences of this, a new world.

The knowledge that is gained in this life by means of the five senses, is assimilated with the knowledge we brought with us, and, as the first impressions are the most lasting, they should be the best; also, as there is neither good nor bad to the child, it

should be taught opposites, so it will be able to choose between good and evil as it grows older; and the body should be kept pure

and healthy, that the spirit might have a perfect house to dwell

in.

Then, after we leave this life and the spirit is freed from the body, we have the means of communicating all our store of knowledge, and therefore pass on as more intelligent beings for having passed through this sphere of existence—and continually go on

and on unto perfection. Christ said, "Be ye perfect, even as your

Father which is in heaven is perfect."

In conclusion, it can be said that it is only in a natural way that God brings about the many changes and, from what has been said, naturally enough we are unable to converse with our fellowman about a knowledge of our life before.

DO WE FORGET? 113

The prophet again gives us a clue as to how we will be able to realize greater things by these words "There is no such thing as immaterial matter. All spirit is

matter, but it is more fine or pure, and can only be discerned by purer eyes.

"We cannot =iee it; but when our bodies are purified, we shall

see that it is all matter"(Doc. and Cov. sec. 131: 7, 8).

But let us make the best of what we do have and with earnest endeavor approach the throne of our Heavenly Father whose glory is his intelligence; the mysteries of today to be made clear in the

future. ''For there is nothing covered that shall not be revealed,

neither hid that shall not be known."

Milwaukee, Wis.

THE COMING OF THE KING-

{For the Improvement Era.)

'Twas eve, a glorious eve in Bethlehem;

The sun had set in banks of gold,

While crimson o'er the landscape rolled,

Till glorified appeared the homes of men.

Thus heralded the advent of the King

Whose glowing splendor fills the sky

That blushes as he'draweth nigh

While zephyrclouds afar the radiance fling.

Yet still the sunset gleameth as the gold

That filters through transparent veil,

Wherein his hosts majestic sail

Till Moab's mountains all the glory hold.

Night's mantle close enwraps Judea's plain, 'Mong sable folds gleam gems alight

A glowing star, most wondrous sight

The jewels of the One who comes to reign.

The Choir Invisible attend the King.

The glory of the Lord shines round,

While angels making joyful sound,

Announce his birth, and glad hosannas sing.

Lydia D. Alder.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE MISSION OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH

SMITH.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON, IN "MANUAL FOR JUNIOR CLASSES,'

1908-9.

Joseph Smith was not quite thirtynine year? of age, when

he was called upon to lay down his life for the cause that he was instrumental in the hands of God in establishing upon the earth.

His life is a wonderful example of progress and action. Think

Joseph Smith the Prophet was born in Sharon, Windsor county, Vermont, December 23, 1805. Tne pond below the cottage at his birthplace is here shown.

of what he learned and achieved in those years! His whole career

teaches the value and nobility of work. But it teaches also that

the work we do should be agreeable to the will of our Father in heaven; also that his will can be known by every one of us, if we

in faith.do as Joseph did,—ask the Lord

THE MISSION OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH 115

While Joseph Smith was still a boy, he sought God in prayer and found him; as a result he startled all the world with the knowledge that God is in the likeness of man; and that he can and will

reveal himself to men in answer to prayer; just as well today as in

Bible times.

As a youth, Joseph was shown heavenly visions which taught many precious truths, among them the hidden resting place of a wonderful record of the old inhabitants of America, containing the fulness of the gospel, and which he later obtained, translated by the gift and power of God, and published in his poverty, to the world. Hundreds of thousands of copies of the Book of Mormon

have since been distributed, in many languages, and in many nations of the earth, and read with profit by the people.

As Joseph ripened into young manhood, and when he was less than twentyfive years of age, he organized, by command of God, the Church of Jesus Christ, and, by appointment, stood at the head of the greatest gospel dispensation in the history of the world.

As a man, Joseph laid the foundation of the Church, God's "marvelous work and a wonder,"so broad and strong that those laborers who have followed after find in it no defects; but, on the

General view of the birthplace of Joseph Smith the Prophet, Sharon, Vermont.

The Green Mountains in the distance.

116 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

contrary, ample room and scope to erect a magnificent superstructure. He revealed the most complete, strong, admirable and

perfect organization for the government of the Church, ever known among men. No other has ever equaled it.

Then, in the revelations he received, he pointed out to coming generations the way for the growth and advancement of that organization.

He was a philosopher, and as such he laid bare eternal truths that were far in advance of the thought of the day and time in

Asael Smith was the grandfather of the Prophet. He was born March 8, 1744,

and died at this place, Winthrop, St. Lawrence County, New York.

which he lived; and that even yet direct the way to fields unexplored

by men of great learning.

As a writer, he added to literature some of the loftiest, most powerful, and most beautiful poems of the age. The Book of

Mormon, the Pearl of Great Price, the Doctrine and Covenants, and his autobiography, contain sublime thoughts that invite the careful study of every seeker after truth. Witness the "Three

Glories,"the "Prophecy of Enoch,"the "Prayer in Liberty Jail,"—proclaiming universal salvation; the glory of ancient and modern

Zion; the mystery of human suffering and the evils of unrighteous

dominion. "I affirm,"says Orson F. Whitney, (Improvement Era,

THE MISSION OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH. 117

and exalted principles, and utter them in a manner so powerful, was essentially a literary mind, the mind of a prophet and a poet, than whom none mightier, save the very Son of God, ever struck the harp of truth, and made it vibrant with the music of the spheres."As a prophet Joseph Smith penetrated the vistas of unborn years, and placed the view of the future before men of today, for their edification and salvation. He made the everlasting gospel

of Jesus Christ so plain, so simple, so fascinating, that thousands go out by authority received through him, without price, as did the disciples of old, to proclaim the glad message anew: ''The

blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the poor have the gospel preached to them;"and the Lord works

with them, "confirming the word with signs following."

He proclaimed the coming of Elijah to "Turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to the "fathers He founded temples and revealed their ordinances. He taught

''::/: I -, -

M If

1;.MMPteMlw --, *—i—* r r,

:'"... ''.'-. "K

[ Photo hy George Albert Smith]

German E."Ellsworth and Mrs. George Albert Smith are standiug upon the spot

where stood the old home of Peter Whitmer, Fayette, Seneca County, N. X.,

where the Church was organized, April 6, 1830.

118 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the doctrine of the gathering of Israel in the last days, and aided in the gathering of many thousands of the Saints; he founded a

great city; and foretold the migration of the Saints to the Rocky

Mountains where, he prophetically announced, they were to become a great and mighty people.

He received and gave authority to bind and to loose on earth, that it might be bound and loosed in heaven.

He taught the sacredness and the eternity of the marriage

[Photo by George Albert Smith]

The old home of John Smith, father of President George A. Smith, and the birthplace of the last named—Pottsdam, St. Lawrence County, New York.

covenant; proclaimed the preexistence of man; and made known

humanity's close relationship to God, by declaring that in man the germ of Godhood lies concealed.

At length, while budding into the prime and strength of full manhood, even as the Savior before him, he sealed his mission with his works live on and grow in his blood. He died a martyr—but

magnitude as the years roll by, and mankind will yet recognize that in the truths which God revealed to him, lie all the foundation principles of man's eternal progress.

THE PHILOSOPHERS ON CONDUCT.

BY MILTON BENNION, PROFESSOR OF PHILOSOPHY, UNIVERSITY

OP UTAH.

IV.

SOCRATES—PLATO,

The selections in this number are restricted to the ApoU ogy, which occupies about forty pages in Jowett's translation of Plato's Dialogues. The necessity of brevity makes it impossible to give selections that properly represent the circumstances,

and the arguments of Socrates. For this purpose it is necessary

to read the Apology entire. Our aim has been to give those

passages that illustrate best the moral principles or Socrates.

SELECTIONS FROM THE "APOLOGY OF SOCRATES."*

* * Some one will say: And are you not ashamed, Socrates, of a course

of life which is likely to bring you to an untimely end? To him I may fairly

answer: There you are mistaken: a man who is good for anything ought not to

calculate the chance of living or dying; he ought only to consider whether in

doing anything he is doing right or wrong—acting the part of a good man or of a

bad. * * * For wherever a man's place is, whether the place which he

has chosen, or that in which he is placed by a commander, there he ought to remain in the hour of danger; he should not think of death or of anything, but of

disgrace. And this, men of Athens, is a true saving.

Men of Athens, I honor and love you; but I shall obey God rather than you,

and while I have life and strength I shall never cease from the practice and teaching of philosophy, exhorting any one whom I meet after my manner, and convincing him saying: my friend, why do you, who are a citizen of the great

and mighty and wise city of Athens, care so much about laying up the greatest amount of money and honor and reputation, and so little about wisdom and truth

* Dialogues of Plato, Jowett's translation, C. Scribner's Son?, N. Y.

120 IMPROVEMEN1 ERA.

and the greatest improvement of the soul, which you never regard or heed at all?

Are you not ashamed of this? And if the person with whom I am arguing, says,

1 'Yes, but I do care; "I do not depart or let him go at once; I interrogate and examine and crossexamine him; and if I think that he has no virtue, but only says that

he has, I reproach him with undervaluing the greater, and overvaluing the lessAnd thus I should say to everyone whom I meet, young and old, citizen and alien, but especially to the citizens, inasmuch as they are my brethren. For this is the

command to God, as I would have you know; and I believe that to this day no

greater good has ever happened in the state than my service to the God. For I

do nothing but go about persuading you all, old and young alike, not to take thought of your persons or your properties, but first and chiefly to care about the greatest improvement of the soul. I tell you that virtue is not given by money,

but that from virtue comes money and every other good of man, public as well as private. This is my teaching, and if this is the doctrine which corrupts the youth,

my influence is ruinous indeed. * * * Whatever you do, know that I shall

never alter my ways, not even if I have to die many times.

Do not, then, require me to do what I consider dishonorable and impious and wrong, especially now, when I am being tried for impiety on the indictment of

Meletus. For if, men of Athens, by force of persuasion and entreaty, I could

overpower your oaths, then I should be teaching you to believe that there are no gods, and convict myself, in my own defense, of not believing in them But that is not the case; for I do believe that there are gods, and in a far higher

sense than that in which any of my accusers believe in them. And to you

and to God I commit my cause, to be determined by you as is best for you and for me.

There are many reasons why I am not grieved, men of Athens, at the vote of condemnation. I expected this, and am only surprised that the votes are so

nearly equal.

I had not the boldness, or impudence or inclination to address you as you would have liked me to address you, weeping and wailing and lamenting, and saying and doing many things which you have been accustomed to hear from others, and which, as I say, are unworthy of me. But I thought that I ought not to do anything common or mean in the hour of danger; nor do I now repent the manner of

my defense, and I would rather die having spoken after my manner, than speak in your manner and live.

The difficulty, my friends, is not in avoiding death, but in avoiding unrighteousness; for thac runs faster than death. * * * And now I depart hence,

condemned by you to suffer the penalty of death, and they [the accusers of

Socrates] to go their ways condemned by the truth to suffer the penalty of villainy and wrong; and I must abide my reward—let them abide theirs.

If you think that by killing men you can avoid the accuser censuring your

THE PHILOSOPHERS ON CONDUCT. 121

lives, you are mistaken; that is not a way of escape which is either possible or

honorable; the easiest and the noblest way is not to be crushing others, but to be

improving yourselves.

Wherefore, judges, be of good cheer about death, and know this of a truth—that 0 evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death. He

and his are not neglected by the gods; nor has my own approaching end happened

by mere chance. But I see clearly that to die and be released was better for

me; and therefore the oracle gave no sign. For which reason, also, I am not

angry with my accusers or my condemners, they have done me no harm, although neither of them meant to do me any good; and for this I may gently blame them.

Still I have a favor to ask of them. When my sons are grown up, I would

ask you, my friends, to punish them; and I would have you trouble them, as I

have troubled you, if they seem to care for riches, or anything, more than about virtue; or if they pretend to be something when they are nothing—then reprove

them, as I have reproved you, for not caring about that for which they ought to care and thinking that they are something when they are really nothing. And if

you do this, I and my sons will have received justice at your hands.

The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways—I to die and you to

live—which is better, God only knows.

Forest Dale, Utah.

THE VOICE OF THE SHEPHERD.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Be faithful, little flock, and know

That I am near. That every wrong

You suffer weakeneth the foe And makes the Saints who suffer strong.

I know my sheep. They cry aloud,

And follow me amid the storm.

For just behind the thundercloud

I stand with a redeeming arm.

Remember when you came to me, In suffering and famished 122 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And on the slopes of Galilee

I bade you rest, and gave you bread

Remember ye wild Galilee The tempests, the complaining deep?

With fearful hearts you cried to me,

And lo, I gave her back to sleep.

Remember when the tyrant hand Bade Zion from her own depart A lamentation in the land?

'Twas I who healed her broken heart.

Once upon the dreary plain Of earth you lifted up to me A pleading voice, and not in vain;

The wolf of death encompassed thee!

I saw your fears, and heard your cries,

And marked the foe so gaunt and grim,

And gave myself a sacrifice I came between my sheep and him.

And shall I now withhold from thee

Mine ample arm, which long has fought

Thy battles unto liberty From death to life—and changes not?

Be patient, just a little while

Thy foes are mine, I am thy Lord

Today's a day of trust and trial,

Tomorrow cometh the reward.

Theo. E. Curtis,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

OBEDIENCE TO COUNSEL.

BY HEBER Q. HALE, ASSISTANT COMMISSIONER OF IMMIGRATION,

LABOR AND STATISTICS OF THE STATE OF IDAHO, AND

PRESIDENT OF THE BOISE BRANCH'OF THE CHURCH.

Hear counsel and receive instruction, that thou mayeit be wise in thy latter end.—Proverbs 19: 20.

Many receive advice, only the wise profit by it. Publius Syruf.

In the incident which I shall hereafter relate, the thought sugggested in the above quotations will be brought strongly to the fore, and will find therein an interpretative significance.

When we speak of obedience to counsel, we do not mean to convey the idea that one must subject one's self unreservedly to the dictates of some civil or ecclesiastical superior; but rather should

it be considered in that broad sense in which a son receives counsel from a father, a daughter from a mother, the weak and inexperienced from the wise and resourceful.

There is such a thing in Christ's own Church as special endowments of spiritual power, in which the prophets of all ages have been clothed. Thus, the reason for their keen insight into

of looking into the souls of men and penetratthings—their power

ing the future. This power, then, which searches the "deep and

hidden things,"combined with long years of experience under the direction of a wise and judicious mind, makes a man a wise counselor, and even considered from a material standpoint, his opinion and advice, especially on the question of ethics, should be of the greatest worth to the inquirer.

In this enlightened age, no man of reputed wisdom will assume the risk of even a simple undertaking without first asking 1 24 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA

counsel. The great man of affairs today has his counselors at

law, his financial advisers, his expert engineers and accountants, his medical attendants and spiritual advisers. If, then, for the

wisest and greatest among us, it is necessary that they be surrounded by a corps of competent counselors and advisers, what of the simplest and weakest of us? These cannot afford counselors

at law, financial advisers, medical attendants, etc. Wherein,

then, lies their possibility for progress and success? Here: "Seek

ye first the kingdom of God * * * and all things shall be added."

God's kingdom is without price, therefore, within reach of the most lowly. It brings all things unto us that are intended

for our benefit and blessing, therefore, it is our all in all.

To be more explicit: Upon entering God's kingdom, one is endowed with the Holy Ghost, who is a Light, a Guide, a Comforter. Now, every one knows what it is to receive a light when

traveling in darkness; and how safe one feels, while journeying

amid strange scenes in a world of dangers, to know that one has at one's side a guide who is devoted, tried and true; and of all

things, what can approach nearer the pulsing heart of a man than a comforter! Ah, it is that mothertouch, that word, that kiss,

which dries all tears and heals the broken heart. This is the

is a beneficiary in aheritage of the Christman—and more: He

lifeendowment, the terms of which read: My son, thy sins shall

be forgiven thee, perfect peace of mind and a heartfelt joy shall abide with thee forever, light and knowledge shall flow unto thee as fast as thou art prepared to receive them, a portion of mine own power shall be bequeathed thee in the mantle of the holy priesthood, thou shalt have mine inspired servants for thy counselors, and glories and powers and dominions beyond thy present conception shall be conferred upon thee, and thou shalt finally be one among the Gods; on condition only, that thou wilt "serve the

Lord, thy God, with all thy might, mind and strength/'Is it worth the effort, my brother?

Now, as an example of a case where a man refused to serve the counsel given him by a man of GodGod—refused to heed

and the attendant consequences of his disobedience, I will relate the following true incident:

OBEDIENCE TO COUNSEL. 125

President Brigham Young drove his team into the hollow square formed by Lot Smith's company of volunteers, at the mouth of Immigration canyon. Pursuant to a call from President

Abraham Lincoln, the company had marched that far out from

Salt Lake City on its way to set in order and protect the Overland

Stage Line, which the Indians were greatly molesting.

Not quite a hundred men, with their mounts, their baggage and mess wagons, were assembled. Solomon H. Hale, the chosen

wagonmaster of the company, rode his horse forward, as the president halted his team, and stood guard in front of it. President Young arose and addressed from his carriage the men before him. His address was short, but very emphatic and to the

point. That part of it to which I call particular attention, and

which is yet fresh in the minds of the survivors of that historic expedition, is as follows:

I promise you all, in the name of the Lord, that if you will obey the orders of your captain, attend to prayer night and morning, come together at the bugle call, and each one take part when called upon by your captain: also use no prefanity nor liquor, and allow no card playing in camp,—I promise you that you will

return home in safety and not one of you shall be lost.

Now, it is not my intention here to follow these brave men into the wilds of the mountains, and record their valorous deeds and the great hazards of their expedition; but rather to call attention to the counsel of President Young given in those prophetic

words, as the company was embarking upon its journey, and note the effect upon the men who considered the counsel and the promise important, and obeyed, and those who did not.

The company marched forward and began the execution of the work whereunto it was sent; bridges were built, stations were set

up, the Indians driven back, and the stage was resumed, and, finally, Captain Smith's company was released at South Pass by a company of United States soldiers, and the journey homeward was begun. When Fort Bridger was reached more marauding work of

the Indians was discovered: they had stolen a band of'horses from

an old mountaineer by the name of John Robinson. Here Captain

Smith called for sixty volunteers, whom he immediately dispatched in pursuit of the Indians to reclaim the stolen animals. Twenty

126 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of these, however, were forced to return the third day on account of the shortage of provisions.

As the forty were speeding onward in the chase, one of the company, Seymour B. Young, inquired of a comrade, Solomon H.

Hale: "Sol, are you watching the prediction of Uncle Brigham?"

"Yes,"was the reply. "I have been watching it very closely, and

I believe it will be literally fulfiled.''

Onward these braves urged their horses on the trail of the retreating eight days they pursued in hot haste, all the foe—for

time on short rations, being forced at one time to kill and eat one of their saddle horses, and enduring most severe hardships—until

they reached a point in Idaho, near which the city of Rexburg has since been founded, where they gave up the chase. The hostiles had by this time reached the camp of their tribe and, with

bow and arrow in hand, calmly awaited the arrival of their pursuers. This fact, however, was not revealed until a few days

''boys"that they had later, when it first became apparent to the approached within dangerous nearness to probable butchery and awful death.

As the company was crossing the South Fork of Snake river, a command was given by Captain Smith for all the men to remove their clothing, and bind the same securely to their saddles while they swam their horses across the deep and swiftlyflowing stream.

All obeyed, except one man, who twice more was ordered to obey, but still refused. His obstinacy filled his companions with fear,

for it had been observed that he was the only man in the whole company of possibly ninetyfive, who used liquor, who profaned the name of Deity, who attempted to introduce cardplaying in camp, who went to sleep on guard, and who refused to come to prayercall. And with his heavy clothes about him, Donald McNichol

rode his horse into the swift current, which bore him down to his death. First his horse became entangled and went down, when

its rider, an excellent swimmer, threw himself abreast the stream, but his clothing filled with water and he was dragged beneath its foaming crest. Not a fragment of his raiment, nor any personal

belongings whatever, was left to take home in remembrance of the man.

With this one exception, every man of the company returned

HON. SOLOMON H. HALE,

Mayor of Preston, Idaho.

128 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA

home well and unharmed, and was mustered out of service on the 15th day of August, 1862, after about four months enlistment.

Boise, Idaho.

THE VISION.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Kneeling within a solitary wood,

Handsome, with sunny hair, a noble youth;

Seeking, in meek devotion to his God,

That he might know the simple, living truth.

"Who lacketh wisdom, let him ask of God

And unto him shall liberally be given—

With faith unwavering, in Christ the Lord,

Whose wisdom shall distil as dew from heaven."

In humble, earnest faith and mighty prayer,

Young Joseph urged, implored the God above,

To give him light for darkness and despair,

The truth restore, with knowledge, light and love.

Then Satan, fearing what would surely come,

Made his attack on this God's chosen one;

Filled him with darkness and with terror dumb,

Hiding with blackest clouds the glorious sun.

Unconquered still, he pleaded earnestly,

With faith undaunted, pouring out his heart

In wordless, prayerful thought unto his God,

That knowledge of the Truth he would impart.

Then, oh, what wondrous joy, what rapturous love!

His mortal eyes beheld a marvelous light;

Father and Son descending from above,

Restored the Truth and taught the way of right.

Well might the earth feel honored for that hour

Long centuries in darkness she had lain

Now to enjoy the priesthood's mighty power,

Which soon would be restored to earth again.

Thus came the rays of Truth's celestial dawn,

To put an end to ignorance and sin

To bring about the great millennial morn

When Christ shall reign, and peace be ushered in.

Richfield, Utah. Annie G. Lauritzen.

THE TRAGEDY AND TRIUMPH OF YOUTH.

BY J. E. HICKMAN, A.M., PRESIDENT OF THE MURDOCK ACADEMY.

II.—CHARACTER THE PRODUCT OF FREEWILL

STRUGGLE.

Learning without character is the greatest menace to our republic, for in such cases it is often used as an engine of destruction. This truth has been brought most forcibly to the public

notice during the last two or three years, through the trial and conviction of a number of our national officials.

A sheep that could eat sagebrush and grow sagebrush on its back would be a strange freak even for Barnum's show. Now what

shall we say of a student who absorbs mere intellectual truth, and then grinds out mere intellectual truth without transforming it into living character, stamped with the genius of his own soul.

Such a student would be a human machine,—not a creator, for he

who transmutes learning into character is surely a genius. It is

the right, nay more, it is the duty, of every young man or woman in this sense to be a genius.

Character is the methodical development of the will. It is

one's intrinsic value. Young men, develop your will more thoroughly than you do your reasoning powers. For in the will rests the

making or the breaking of a great life. Every person should have

freedom to exercise his own will even from childhood. No one

else should will for him. The government of the home, the school,

or the state should not presume to think or will for any sane being. It may point out, direct, suggest, but not curtail or crush

the will either of the child or of the adult, unless, and mind this, he uses his freedom to injure self or to trample upon the rights of others. As great characters are wrought out through strong

130 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

willing, it is evident that slavery in any form is destructive to human development. The strict discipline of the army life, in the

ranks, is detrimental to characterbuilding. There the private

soldier is not supposed to think and will for himself in that broad free sense; and, as a result, he grows morally weaker. When

turned loose after long service he is apt to be full of indecision.

He thereafter may work well under direction, but is unfitted to lead.

While I was at Fort Duchesne, a soldier told me that he was called before the regimental officer for. disobeying a command

which he felt was degrading.

"Why did you not obey orders?"asked the captain.

"I did not think,"said the soldier, "that it was my duty to do what you asked."

"Think!"thundered the officer, "you have no business to

think, you are to obey!"

He sentenced the soldier to several weeks in the guardhouse

Such iron discipline may be necessary to maintain the governcruelment of the regiment, but it is stultification of the will,—a

robbery of man's most sacred right. Curtail man's freedom to

think and to act, as conscience and reason direct (except when! 3

interferes with the rights of others) and he looses the sense jf right and wrong, thus degenerating into a state of irresponsibility.

Ona needs only to follow the history of disbanded soldiers to appreciate this truth. So, any order of government that is acquired

through the suppressing or the crushing of the will, is deceptive and indicative of harm.

Suppress the will, and you make thought feeble. Man reveling in the freedom of the last hundred years has flooded the earth

with truth which before had never entered the human mind. Before that time slavery of the body and the will, to a certain extent, beggared thought, and the great truths of today lay shrouded

in the deep unknown. Character, attained through the regal

power of the will, is a mighty moving force in the world of right.

Such a character makes one oak and rock in the face of sin, but vine and flower at the altar of truth. "Character is power,"

the safeguard of a nation, an anchor to the soul.

"Character,"says Smiles, "is one of the greatest moving

THE TRAGEDY AND TRIUMPH OF YOUTH. 131

powers in the world. In its noblest embodiments, it exemplifies

man at his best, it is the soul's estate. He who has not a pure,

noble character tends toward spiritual pauperism."In character

are found the only saving principles of one's religion. Indeed, as

another writer has said, "Character is another term for pure religion."Too many are satisfied with mere reputation. Too many care

more for the plaudits of men than for the betterment of self. Too

many are ever eager to get their names between the putrid lips of public opinion. Too many prefer the gild to the gold. Reputation is the cheap counterfeit for genuine worth.

My friend, reputation may be acquired in a week or a month, and many there are who prate in its deceptive garb. Indeed, many

are forever assiduously covering up the real self and palming off the counterfeit. Public sentiment sets the price upon your reputation, and may boom it or depress it like stocks upon the market;

but you alone make your character, and no one else can augment or diminish it. For it is you—the pearl fashioned by your anguish

and sweated struggle. The cruel world may bury your character

under the rubbish of common slander, but they cannot mar its beauty. If you care more for reputation than you do for true

manhood, then you will shift your basis of action and sentiment to gain the plaudits of men. Such a course is destructive of the

greater life.

Characterbuilding is a directive force—not a directed force.

It is the interpreting and the acting out of the greatest laws of life. So the whims of the world should not clip the wings of your

lofty purposes. Character, like tragedy, must have its opposing

forces in order to unfold. Of a necessity you will have to crossIt is the coils of thecut opposing forces;—that produces power.

dynamo cutting through the magnetic lines of force that produce the power which turns the wheels of industry and lights our cities. If you will conquer self, if you will flood the world with

new light, you, too, must cut the lines of force that bar your way.

I deeply appreciate the strenuous life of Theodore Roosevelt.

His motto, in moments of stress and strain is: "This is right,

and the only thing to do,"and then he proceeds to act without fear or favor.

132 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Such principles have carried him from the station of a police commissioner to the presidency of the United States. Such principles will lead one from the paths of obscurity to the highway of

worth.

Live for something, have a purpose,

And that purpose keep in view.

Drifting, like some helmless vessel,

You can ne'er to self be true.

Beaver City, Utah.

THE LITTLE CAP AND SHAWL."

{For the Improvement Era.)

When the toil of day is over, and the last task put away,

And my steps are turning homeward, just at the close of day,

As I round a friendly corner, lo, I hear a little call!

And toddling towards me comes a little cap and shawl.

Just a tiny little body, and a gleeful baby shout,

As it toddles on to meet me, with the little hands thrust out;

What a joyful little treasure, scarcely reaching to my knee

But the world of pleasure that my baby brings to me

How the little tonguelet prattles! and how the big eyes shine

As I lift it to my shoulder, this little "tad"of mine,

To carry it to mama, responsive to her call;

The whole world seems the brighter for this little cap and shawl.

And when the lamps are lighted, and the supper put away,

Somebody climbs upon my knee, and asks for "horsie play;"

As on my foot I toss it, such a tiny little "tike,"

I wonder what a home without a baby can be like.

And later comes the "rompromp,"as we tumble on the floor

Till both our hearts with happiness are fairly brimming o'er;

Till mama comes with "nightie,"and I tuck him in his bed,

With Mister Moon a-smiling in the heavens overhead.

And when at length the "sandman"has closed the sleepy eyes,

And I kneel beside the trundle where the little rosebud lies,

My plea is to the Father, that no fate may e'er befall ''taddie, ''in its little cap and shawl. To rob me of my

Lon J. Haddock

Salt Lake City. Utah.

CAN YOU RIGHTLY ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS?

BY ELDER EUGENE L. ROBERTS.

["This crisp letter cornea to Bishop 0. H. Berg, of Provo, who has kindly consented to its publication in the Era. The author, at the time, it was written, had

spent two years on a mission and is now in Switzerland. Those who are interested in

European conditions, as well as in the reforming power of the gospel, as preached and practiced by the Latterday Saints, will find in it food for reflection. Perhaps, also, some of our young men will reply to the questions propounded. The

Era will be glad to print the right answers, as far as we have space. Editors.]

My first field was Stuttgart, Germany, where my wife and I dodged police and did work for about six months. The opposition

we met there was good for us.

The next field was Luzern, Switzerland, the most beautifully situated city in the world. It looks out over the famous emerald

green Lake of Luzern, and is almost at the feet of some of the most magnificent Alps. Nearly every snowcapped peak balances

a large hotel or two upon its nose. The scenery is enchanting,

and thousands of tourists spend most of the summer there, strolling upon the promenades, lounging in the gardens, listening to

Italian, Hungarian, and German orchestra music, or yachting upon the lake. Every afternoon and evening, the quay, bordering the

lake, is an international stream of indolent human beings. Nearly

every nation is represented and every class or station in life, from the simple Swiss peasant in costume, to European lords and princes. The mixture is most interesting, as it flows back and forth

in front of the palatial hotels. This was my second field of missionary activity or inactivity, and I need not describe the difficulties

we encountered. Our work makes but little headway in Luzern.

The third field is Zurich, the largest city in Switzerland, and 134 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

very much like Luzern, in many respects. It is also beautifully

situated upon one of the Swiss lakes, and on both sides of a Rhine tributary. During the tourist season, the same difficulties are met

as in Luzern. But it is a metropolis, has a large poor and middle

class population, and therefore furnishes us better opportunities for our line of work. Zurich, like all other large cities, has its

numerous sects. They represent all degrees of religious warmth,

from the icecold Reformed Protestants, whose belief seems to be a formal onehour Sunday affair, to the feverishly hot fanatics who anticipate the near approach of the "end,"when their fearful

God will proceed to chew up all the hated sinners. What a squirming mess of religions! Their ideas are as different as the people

themselves, and among a great number the beliefs change with the wind; doubt and atheism playing their parts, too, blighting here

and there a few, and sending backboneless onetime believers headlong to dissipation and destruction.

"Freethinkers"have carried on open discussions with ministers, and in too many instances have exposed the hollowness of their religions. The listening "rabble"have often jumped at ridiculous conclusions, upon seeing the educated ministers driven into

corners, and have gone out with the cry, "There is no God and no hereafter; eat, drink, and be merry for tomorrow we die!"Accompanying these atheistic movements are such microbes as prostitution and free love. Lectures have been frequently held in

Zurich advocating free love, and attempts have been made to alter the Swiss laws so as to legalize this and other forms of degradation; but thanks to the good, solid, conservative Swiss people, as

a whole, such schemes have been voted down with overwhelming majorities. This clearly indicates that, while these surface disturbances make lots of noise and seem to amount to a great deal,

yet the depths of the Swiss people are firm. Their moral sense of

right and wrong is still keen, and detects readily the approach of such social evils. God grant that it may remain so.

There is, however, an element at work, among all classes,the tendency of which is to benumb the finer and nobler feelings of the people. This is alcohol. Its power has increased to an alarming extent lately. For every 144 people, including children, in

Switzerland, there is a beer hall. An average amount of one milCAN YOU RIGHTLY ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS? 135

lion francs a day is spent for alcoholic drinks. This first has become a social epidemic. Today, father, mother, and child drink,

while years ago the father was the drinker. During the last few

years, working men and women have begun taking a bottle of "booze"to work with them. The result of this is a marked degeneracy more noticeable among the children, especially in Germany. It is estimated that from 60 to 70 per cent of the schoolchildren are not normally healthy, and the number of weakminded

and idiots is increasing. Experience and science demonstrate

that alcohol dulls the moral sense and destroys the Godgiven conscience; therefore, if the power of strong Hrink increases in

Switzerland much more, the strong stand the people take against such social diseases as free love and prostitution may weaken.

Alcohol is prostitution's best friend and lover. She has little courage to work without him. Lately, however, new temperance

movements have been started, and are waging war with drink:

their battle is a fierce one, though. Entertainments, concerts,

celebrations, excursions, and even political gatherings are gotten up by alcohol merchants to furnish opportunity for selling drink and reaping enormous profit. Societies organize for pleasure purposes; they build their own halls, and pay for them through the

selling of alcoholic drinks. Churches have been built the same

way. Therefore, people are almost compelled to indulge. The

temperance movements have bettered conditions wonderfully. They

have helped to create nobler pleasures for the working classes, have established restaurants where no intoxicants are sold, and have laid out parks and gardens with concert pavilions where people can enjoy, without filling themselves with "booze."I think

we "Mormons"should devote some of our time, money, and literature to helping these movements, and spare a little time from arguing over doctrinal differences and interpretation of scripture.

The amount of good our hundreds of missionaries could do toward lifting mankind is immeasurable. We are trying at present to

effect some plan of having our literature deal more with the live necessities of today, and hope to develop one, if we can get support from the proper authority at home. Our gospel is to lift

mankind, and the most practical way is to help destroy the enemies if weof mankind. We can convert the people later; and, even

136 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

don't convert them, we can make them better representatives of their species.

The great question now in Europe is, will the bad or the good win? We like to be optimistic, and think the good will come out

on top. There is no question but that mankind is forging ahead,

even if, for short intervals, the tendency does seem to be backwards. The good must win.

While these problems are bothering the people in Protestant

Switzerland, the larger part of the Catholic population remain in their hidden Alpine valleys, little disturbed. They think these

commotions are just punishment upon an apostate church. The

disunited Protestantism is one of their strongest arguments for the divinity of united Catholicism, and this has brought many back into their fold. On the other side, in many districts where the two

populations rub against each other, young Catholicism is partaking somewhat of the progressive, freethinking spirit, and drifting away from the Catholic ranks. As a result of this, the clergy at

present grows feverishly hot ih denouncing this tendency to think freely in religious matters. The sermons are mostly directed along

this line, and the threats are something fierce. It is all branded

as from the devil. If that is the case, the devil has played a big

part in the progress of the world. A Catholic minister told me

most decidedly that the purpose of life is to avoid,not to overcome sin. In this way, they justify the thousands that seek refuge from

the world in dark forests, mountain valleys, and canyons, in monasteries, etc. These people love the world so much, and their

enemies, that they run away from them, nicht wahr? If they would

all get in, shoulder to shoulder, and help the world solve its social problems, they might be the means of bringing many back into their fold.

What part does "Mormonism"play in these questions? A

small one, because our religion isn't understood. Prejudice makes

it impossible for us to get our grander principles before the people. They look upon us as a fanatical sect, quarreling over

baptism, authority, etc., and teaching polygamy. A superficial

reading of some of our tracts rather justify their notions. The

world has no idea that we teach such grand principles as equality of sexes, temperance, eternal development, etc. If we could get

CAN YOU RIGHTLY ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS? 137

these principles before the people, our part in helping Switzerland solve its problems would be a big one. The gospel has benefited

the majority of those who have accepted it. Their attitude toward

life is different. In religious matters they are neither fanatical

nor cold, but sensible and reliable. The gospel has made them

better mothers, fathers and citizens. If these countries realized

what kind of citizens "Mormonism"makes, they would not take such a stand against us. This is the small part we are playing in

Switzerland, and it is a good one.

Our increase has not been very great, but we have already baptized more new converts this year than all together last year, and more than for several years back. The total souls in this

small conference is now 493, and many have emigrated during the last few years. The last statistical tithing report showed something over 11,555 francs or $2,311 received, which was an increase

of about 933 francs or $187 over the previous year. When you

consider that the people are poor, this tithing report indicates that they are doing their duty in this respect and are happy.

Attempts have been made to deprive us of our rights. The

meetings were officially stopped at the Catholic towns of Zug and

Chur. At the latter place, four missionaries were imprisoned for

three days. We took the case to higher courts and they handed

down a decision in our favor, so we have freedom again. Some of

the newspapers have "roasted"the courts for giving the "Mormons"the decision, and the general opinion is that we won by some clever maneuvering. And so it goes. But the longer I remain here, the less I blame these people for their deepseated prejudices against "Mormons."When one considers the amount of anti-

"Mormon"literature this country has been flooded with, when one sees how the writers of numerous blood and thunder dime novels have laid the fiendish plots of their stories among the "Mormons,"and when one notes how even otherwise authentic encyclopedias picture us, it is easy to understand why the people have an inborn horror of "Mormons."The schoolchildren picture us as a wild,

fierce species of white men, living among the less ferocious Indians. I got two schools here to correspoding with Utah schools,

in an endeavor to put aside this prejudice. The children took a

138 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

keen interest in writing, as much as if they were writing to young

Indians.

We feel that there has been a little done, during the last year or more, to kill prejudice. We have come in touch with a better

class of people, and they have been surprised to find our religion and people so broad. But it is often hard for us to answer their

questions to our own satisfaction. Bishop Berg, how would you

answer the following questions if they were put to you by a fair, broadminded, intelligent person? Suppose he should say, "Yes;

your principles are grand, but the test of a principle is its fruits.

You say you believe that the glory of God is intelligence, and that as God is, man may become. This sounds very beautiful, but do

your people take this principle seriously? I mean, do the members

of your Church, as a rule, exercise themselves to acquire this development any more than other Christian peoples, or do they settle back into routine lives of eating, sleeping, entertaining, etc.,

very much like most communities? Don't especially your old

1 members feel they are saved, and take it easy? Are your young

people taught to take this principle seriously? Do they devote

their time to lifting themselves on to higher planes of intelligence, or do they waste their precious time lounging around street corners, beer halls, or cheap entertainments? Do they not chase out

to public dances and carouse around at night very much in the same way that young men do elsewhere?

"Another thing, in regard to your temperance plan, or 'Word of Wisdom'as you call it. Do young people follow its teachings?

Don't your young men, and more especially the student element, disregard this principle and indulge in strong drink, just about as freely as the young men in most Christian lands, and more especially in America or England?

"You speak of your attitude toward virtue. Now tell me

frankly and honestly: are you absolutely sure that conditions

among your people in this respect are more ideal than among other

Christian peoples of the same population? Or, can you claim

honestly that the transgression in your land is due to outsiders?

In other words, what are, in reality, the fruits of your religion?"

Of course, Bishop Berg, some of these questions I could easily answer to our advantage, and do it with enthusiasm, but some of

CAN YOU RIGHTLY ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS? 139

them made me hesitate, and my answers did not carry conviction with them. Could you with your broader experience answer them

all to your satisfaction, and to our advantage? "Mormonism"must

not only be preached at home, but also lived more thoroughly at home. When our people at home live "Mormonism"our message

to the world will carry with it more fire, and will be better felt and understood.

The hope of Israel lies in the youth, and the future of the youth lies in the hands of the parents, teachers, schools, church organizations, etc. Well, Bishop, you are tired so I'll quit. Perhaps you think I should have done so long ago.

Give my love and greeting to the ward. Thank them again

for the kindness they showed me before I left, and tell them I'm trying to prove worthy of it all, but it is hard. You have, however, a good representative in this field, and that is Elder Kunkie.

He is one of President Ballif's best boys, and deserves to be received with open arms. I believe he will be with you some time

this summer. You must feed him up well; he is even thinner than

I am.

I shall likely have the opportunity of spending Christmas in good old.Provo, and it will be a welcome opportunity. Switzerland

is all right. Its scenery is wonderfully beautiful, its climate is

fair, its people are good and kindhearted, and the missionary life here is anything but hard; but still Utah, its scenery, people,

climate, and life will be welcome to me.

God grant that we all may appreciate our land, gospel, and people, and that our message to the world may continue to be effective in lifting the world into higher realms.

Zurich, Switzerland.

FEAR NOTHearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, the people in whose heart is my law: fear ye not the reproach of men, neither

be ye afraid of their revilings. * * * My righteousness shall

be forever,and my salvation from generation to generation.—Isaiah

51:7, 8.

HOW TO SUCCEED IN PREACHING THE

GOSPEL.

BY HON. JOSEPH C. RICH.

[Judge Joseph C. Rich, recently of Bear Lake County, Idaho, the eldest son

of the late Apostle Charles C. Rich, died in Centerville, Davis county, October 17,

1908. He was a pioneer of 1847, and would have been sixtyeight years of age

next January. With his father he pioneered San Bernardino county, California,

but when Bear Lake was settled, removed to that country where he continued to reside until about three weeks before his death. His name is closely linked with

the history and growth of southeastern Idaho. He was a pioneer, a telegrapher,

and a newspaper man, and was one of the first practicing lawyers in the state.

He was gifted with original wit, and was the originator of the "Bear Lake Monster"and other stories. President Francis M. Lyman attended the funeral, at Centerville, on October 20. The body of Mr. Rich was taken by his son, Edward C. Rich,

to Montpelier, where it was interred in the Paris cemetery, near his father and mother and two children. His son, Edward C. Rich, writes, in reply to a request

from President Lyman, enclosing the following letter written by his father to him on his departure on a mission to Great Britain, some twelve years ago. The letter

not only explains what Joseph C. Rich's feelings were regarding "Mormonism,"

but contains valuable admonitions for all who go out into the world on missions, and as such is of general interest. What he wrote at this time, he always felt

and expressed to his children. Editors.]

Montpelier, Idaho, October 3, 1896.

My Dear Son, Edward:—You are now about to start out in

the world upon one of the most important actions of your life; and

you go with the approval, confidence, and blessing of your father and mother, brothers and sisters, and, I believe, all your friends and acquaintances. It is one of the greatest honors that can be

conferred upon a person, to be considered worthy to be a messenger to his fellowman in preaching the gospel, and representing our Lord and Savior; and, if faithful, great will be your reward

hereafter, and peace and satisfaction here.

HOW TO SUCCEED IN PREACHING THE GOSPEL. 141

You must be able to bear your testimony that the gospel has been restored to the earth, that Joseph Smith was a prophet, that the Book of Mormon is true, and other matters connected therewith, of which you will learn. Read the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants and Bible with care, faith, and a desire to

know the truth, and ask in confidence privately of the Lord for a testimony for yourself of the truth, and it will be made known to your satisfaction. Always bear in mind that you are on a mission

for your Lord and Master, as his servant; and always, night and

morning and in private, seek his aid and counsel, and let all your labors be with this object only in view, and your way will be opened up and you cannot fail to be successful in your mission, and will always have the confidence and approval of those who preside over you. Remember that you will never be alone, for you can always

have access to your Heavenly Father for advice and counsel on all occasions. Your labors will be mostly amongst the poor; never

fear to bear your testimony to the truth, and when you are called to appear in public, never study beforehand what you shall say, but lean upon the Lord, and ask him for his Spirit that you may be led to say such things as may be proper, at all times, and herein lies the secret and success of preaching the gospel. That you

are truthful and honest, I know; and in your intercourse with all,

be frank, open and straightforward in your course. Be obedient

to those who may preside over you, and prompt in all your obligations. Obey as strictly as you can the word of wisdom, and in

your counsels and teachings to the people, lead and show them by your example the soundness of your teachings. No person can

have the confidence of the people when he does not himself live what he recommends to others. You are not called upon to have

a long face and be what is termed sanctimonious, but you can be yourself; have enjoyment and preach the gospel with a smiling

face. The Good Spirit will make you cheerful, but on account of

your position, and the fact that your conduct will be scrutinized, you will be more on your guard than at home, and see that no act of yours shall in any manner prevent you from discharging your duties acceptably before God. Be guarded especially in your actions towards the opposite sex, as you will find that virtue is a

loose quality in the world; no crime except murder is greater than

142 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

unchastity. I have every confidence that you will fill a useful and

honorable mission, and return with the approval and confidence of the authorities. On this mission will depend your reputation for

all time to come, and you will consider all matters connected with it with the greatest seriousness and care. In all cases of doubt

as to advice to be given, or in your own affairs, seek counsel from those whose duty it is to counsel you. Don't depend upon money,

but ask the Lord to open up your way and give you friends; but

do not oppress the poor, and always try to pay your way when it is necessary. Smallpox and other contagious diseases are always

more or less prevalent in the old country, and should you at any time have reason to believe you are so afflicted, lose no time in letting your condition be known, so the proper remedies may be applied. Let us know your circumstances, from time to time, and

we will do all we can for you.

Now, dear son, goodbye for the present, and realize that you depart from us with our faith, prayers, confidence and blessings, and may the Lord bless and preserve you until we met again.

Your father and mother, J. C. Rich,

Anna Eliza H. Rich.

THANKSGIVING.

For the Lord shall comfort Zion: he will comfort all her

waste places; and he will make her wilderness like Eden, and her

desert like the garden of the Lord; joy and gladness shall be

*found therein, thanksgiving and the voice of melody. * *

For the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner; but my salvation shall be forever, and my righteousness

shall not be abolished—Isaiah 51: 3, 6.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

GAMES OF CHANCE.

In volume six of the Era, pp. 308-9, in reply to a question,

it is clearly shown that all games of chance are disapproved by the

Church authorities. Presidents Brigham Young, Lorenzo Snow,

and Joseph F. Smith are quoted as strongly opposed to all games

of this class. Raffling for the benefit of missionaries is included as

not sanctioned by the moral law nor approved by the Church authorities. But the practice in places seems to still continue, and

the First Presidency have thought it necessary to issue under date of November 14, 1908, the following statement on the subject, which the officers of our M. I. A. organizations as well as the Priesthood are specifically instructed to heed:

of the present age To whom it may concern:—Among the vices

gambling is very generally condemned. Gambling under its true

name is forbidden by law, and is discountenanced by the selfre- specting elements of society. Nevertheless, in numerous guises

the demon of chance is welcomed in the home, in fashionable clubs, and at entertainments for worthy charities, even within the precincts of sacred edifices. Devices for raising money by appealing

to the gambling instinct are common accessories at church sociables, ward fairs, and the like.

Whatever may be the condition elsewhere, this custom is not to be sanctioned within this Church; and any organization allowing

such is in opposition to the counsel and instruction of the general authorities of the Church.

Without attempting to specify or particularize the many objectionable forms given to this evil practice amongst us, we say again to the people that no kind of chance game, guessingcontest, 144 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

or raffling device, can be approved in any entertainment under the auspices of our Church organizations.

The desire to get something of value for little or nothing is pernicious; and any proceeding that strengthens that desire is an

effective aid to the gambling spirit, which has proved a veritable demon of destruction to thousands. Risking a dime in the

hope of winning a dollar in any game of chance is a species of gambling.

Let it not be thought that raffling articles of value, offering prizes to the winners in guessingcontests, the use of machines of chance, or any other device of the kind is to be allowed or excused because the money so obtained is to be used for a good purpose.

The Church is not to be supported in any degree by means obtained through gambling.

Let the attention of stake and ward officers, and those in charge of the auxiliary organizations of the Church be directed to what has been written on this subject and to this present reminder.

An article over the signature of the President of the Church was published in the Juvenile Instructor, October 1, 1902 (volume 37, page 592) in which were given citations from earlier instruction and advice to the people on this subject. For convenience, part of

that article is repeated here. In reply to a question as to whether

raffling and games of chance are justifiable when the purposes to be accomplished are good, this was said: "We say emphatically,

No. Raffle is only a modified name of gamble."

''Tell the President Young once said to Sister Eliza R. Snow:

sisters not to raffle. If the mothers raffle, the children will gamble.

Raffling is gambling."Then it is added: "Some say 'What shall

sell them, and wewe do? We have quilts on hand,—we cannot

need means to supply our treasury, which we can obtain by raffling, for the benefit of the poor.'Rather let the quilts rot on the

shelves than adopt the old adage, 'The end will sanctify the means.'

As Latterday Saints, we cannot afford to sacrifice moral principle to financial gain."

As was further stated in the article cited, the General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union has passed resolutions expressing its unqualified disapproval of raffling and of all games of chance, for the purpose of raising funds for the aid of the Sunday

EDITORS TABLE. 145

School. And the general authorities of the Church have said, as

they now say, to the people: Let no raffling, guessingcontests, or

other means of raising money, by appealing to the spirit of winning by chance, be tolerated in any organization of the Church.

Joseph F. Smith,

- John R. Winder,

Anthon H. Lund,

First Presidency.

MODERATION IN BURIAL DISPLAYS.

A good friend who is often called upon to attend to the proprieties on behalf of the dead, calls attention in a letter to the indulgence of extravagance in the laying away of our departed friends and relatives. She believes that the Lord is not pleased with the

profusion of flowers, the expensive dress, and even with the ornaments of gold in the form of rings and other jewelry used in decorating the dead.

Some people have even gone so far as to object to this finery being covered by the temple clothes, and have requested that these be put on later, as if not worthy of being seen. This extravagance

in places is practiced to such an extent that some of our people actually distress themselves to bury their dead.

We certainly recommand moderation and wisdom in the use of flowers, the hire of carriages, and the purchase of caskets. In

the old scriptures we have numerous examples of simplicity in burials. While we are not called upon literally to follow

these, they should be a lesson to us to avoid ostentations, and to attend to these matters with only such displays and preparations as will show due respect for the departed, and proper consideration for the living.

In Jewishtimes the preparations for burial were not of an elaborate character. The dead body was washed (Acts 9: 37),

anointed with ointments (John 19: 39), wound in linen cloths

(John 19: 40; Luke 23: 52-3), and the hands and feet bound with

146 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

grave clothes, and the face bound about with a napkin (John 11:

44; 20: 6, 7). The dead body was carried to the grave upon a

bier or litter (Luke 7: 14; compare with IP Kings 13: 21; II Sam.

3: 31) which was a simple flat board, we are told, borne on two

or three staves. Coffins were unknown among the Israelites. In

the case of our Lord and Savior, on the day of the cruel crucifixion, "When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus'disciple: he went to

Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the

body to be delivered. And when Joseph had taken the body, he

wrapped it in a clean linen cloth, and laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to

the door of the sepulchre, and departed"(Matt. 27:5760). This,

in the case of our Master and Great Example! Could anything be

more simple and unostentatious?

Relating to dress, the Latterday Saints burial clothes are all sufficient for our day. Anything more is unnecessary, which good,

common sense would clearly suggest; while the burial of jewelry

with the dead can serve no good purpose. It savors of vanity, and

might prove a temptation to grave robbers,—a naturally horrible

thought. In like manner with carriages and caskets, only the

necessary and modest should be used.

In the Book of Mormon, there is no intimation that great ostentation was made even at burials of illustrious men. We are

simply told that Lehi, the great prophet of the new world, after he had spoken to his household, according to the feelings of his heart and the Spirit of the Lord which was in him, waxed old, died and was buried. Ishmael, a prominent founder of the people

of the American continent, died and was buried in the place which was called Nahom. And of the great Prophet Alma: "As to his

death or burial we know not of."He was a religious man and the

saying went abroad in the Church that he was taken up by the

Spirit, or buried by the hand of the Lord, even as Moses. In no

case have we an account of costly apparel, jewelry, a profusion of flowers purchased at the expense of the necessities of the living, a retinue of hired carriages, and other extravagant displays so common among the people today. We agree with our friend that

these extravagances are not pleasing in the sight of the Lord, and

EDITOR'S TABLE. 147

again recommend to the Latterday Saints moderation and wisdom in these things. Joseph F. Smith.

WAS JESUS THE MESSIAH?

Some of the biblical scholars of the world are very anxious to prove that Jesus was only an extraordinary man and philosopher, and further, that Christ himself held no other view, and never declared himself to be the Messiah. In a recent issue of the New

York Independent, Nathaniel Schmidt, of Cornell University, one of America's ablest biblical scholars, and Professor Crane, lately of the Chicago Theological Seminary, discuss this question. The

first named is very radical in his disbelief of Jesus as the Messiah, and sets forth his reasons for so holding. The editor of the

Independent replies to his paper in what seems to us a very decisive and conclusive argument, which is here given in full:

Professor Schmidt denies that Jesus was more than an extraordinary man. He does not believe that he performed airacles or was raised from

the dead, or that he was the Messiah, or even claimed to be such. When Jesus

used the term "Son of Man,"applied to himself, he meant nothing more than man, because that, in the Galilean Aramaic, which he spoke, barnasha, son of man, was the regular word for maD and woull mean nothing else; and so when used by

Jesus himself it could not mean Son of Man, that is the Mtssiah. Indeed Professor Schmidt says that this is "the only Aramaic term which Jesus can have

used."We have no literary Galilean Aramaic preserved earlier than a hundred

years after Christ, but we have the Aramaic of Daniel, supposed to be perhaps two centuries before Christ, and in the seventh chapter we have bar 'anash, son of man, once, and 'anash, man, several times. There is not the slightest evidence

that in our Lord's time the simple man was not used, as well as son of man.

But Jesus seems to have used "Son of Man"in a peculiar and Messianic sense, that is unless the critic cuts it out every time as not genuine.

But we cannot discuss these two articles at length. Let us add a word to

what Professor Crane has said. In order to sustain Professor Schmidt's contention it is necessary to reverse the whole sense and feeling of the Synoptic Gospels, as well as of John's gospel. In order to accomplish this Professor Schmidt

puts their date very late, as late as 100 A. D. so as to allow time for the accretion of myth, and holds them to be full of interpolations. But he cannot do this

for Paul. Paul was the contemporary of our Lord, although he never saw him,

being in Tarsus. He came to Jerusalem to study under Gamaliel, and there he

met the disciples of Jesus. He got his facts directly from them before there was

time for legendary accretions. He talked freely with Peter, James and John.

148, IMPROVEMENT ERA.

He repeats in First Corinthians the words with which he was told that our Lord instituted the last supper, the same as we hive in the gospels: "This cup is the

new covenant in my blood;"and Paul, adds: "As often as ye eat this bread and

drink the cup, ye proclaim the Lord's death till he come."Paul learned from

the disciples themselves that Jesus would come again, that he was the Messiah, that he rose from the dead. There is no question of this, and with this the Synoptic Gospels agree. One who is going to eviscerate the gospels and leave Jesus

as nothing but a mere human teacher has got to deal first with Paul and then with the disciples, from whom Paul learned the story and the teachings of Jesus. He

mnst explain how it happens that the contemporary Paul got all this from Christ's own contemporaries, who were with him for three years, and who were present at his death, and who believed they saw him alive after his passion. With Paul

agree the four Gospels. To get rid of all this, and reduce Jesus to a teacher

who claimed nothing and did nothing but repeat a cycle of beautiful and noble parables, is a psychological problem which passes our solution.

TO CREATE—THE HEBREW MEANING.

Dr. Frederic Clift, of Provo, has sent the Era the following

statement and letter, which give light on a subject of interest to the elders in the mission field, as well as to students at home.

He says: "My opinion having been sought as to the philological meaning of the Hebrew word which is translated in the first and second chapters of Genesis as create, I thought it would be of more value to obtain the opinion of one of the greatest of our living Hebrew scholars. I accordingly wrote to Dr. Robert H. Kennett, the

Regius Professor of Hebrew, in my old university, Cambridge,

England. His answer makes it, I think, perfectly clear, that

'Mormon'philosophj is in accord with the exact philological meaning of the word 'create,'as used in Genesis. As the opinion is

authoritative, and the point is often raised by those opposed to

Latterday teachings, I give the reply to my question on the subject in full:"

"The College, Ely, October 9, 1808.

I may say that, what- "Dear Sir:—In answer to your letter,

ever be the exact philological meaning of the word translated 'create,'in Gen. 1, which is not quite certain, it does not mean to

make out of nothing. Gen. 1, 2 (in the form which it has in the

Hebrew) makes it quite clear that the writer assumes the existence

EDITOR'S TABLE. 149

of chaotic matter at the time since when his narrative begins, and merely describes the way in which order was brought out of this chaos.

"I do not think that we are in a position to say what opinion the Hebrews held as to the origin of matter. I cannot recall any

passage of the Old Testament which throws any light upon this.

The Hebrew mind is not speculative.

"I am, Dear Sir, Yours very truly, "Robert H. Kennett."

THE ELECTION.

In the election held November 3, the Republican national and state tickets were elected in Utah by a plurality of perhaps twenty thousand. The various county tickets were also largely

Republican. In Salt Lake City a political combination calling

themselves "American"had long and aggressively fought the '"Mormon"Church, threatening imprisonment and exile to its leaders, in case the "American"party should win the county.

But to the delight of all good people, their efforts were futile.

They not only failed to carry the county, but also lost the city, their votes numbering, according to best estimates, at least five hundred less than in the election of 1907. The cause of their

defeat may be assigned to the fight which they made against the

Church and the Church authorities. Many non- "Mormons"are

opposed to injustice. These, with a considerable number of Latter-day Saints, regardless of political affiliation, took it into their

minds to rebuke the vicious, persistent and scurrilous attacks made by the "American"party upon the Church, and her leaders.

With the former it was an act of justice; with the latter, a

matter of selfdefense. Both are entitled to the commendation and

praise of every wellwisher of our commonwealth. Both are

opposed to political interference in Church affairs, as much as they are opposed to Church interference in political affairs. When one's religion and friends are unjustly attacked, however, it is natural to defend them. The brushing aside of the "American"party in Salt Lake

it might teach theCity may thus be accounted for. Would that

150 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

combination to abstain from further interference in Church affairs, and teach all others that there is no excuse for the existence of such a party.

JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHETTEACHER.

The attention of the M.I. A. officers, and the reading public

generally, is called to a new booklet by Elder B. H. Roberts entitled

Joseph Smith, the ProphetTeacher. The book is issued from the

press of the Deseret News, and has been adopted by the General

Board of the Y. M. M. I. A. as one of the supplementary reading

course for the season. It will prove helpful in the interpretation

of the senior manual now being used by the associations. It will

also be profitable supplementary reading for the students of the

Seventies'course in theology for the year, which is an outline history of the dispensations of the gospel. The new volume treats

of the Prophet Joseph's correction of sectarian errors, his philosophical doctrines and some of his miscellaneous doctrinal utterances. The book is especially adapted for the use of missionaries, and for reading by young men who are just now forming

their conceptions of "Mormonism. "It is available as a souvenir

of the anniversary of the Prophet Joseph's birthday, as well as suitable as a gift 'for the Christmas holidays. Price 75c,

Deseret News, publishers.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

Under date of November 5, Elder C. E. Dinwoodey writes from Chattanooga,

Tenn.—"For some years past, missionary work has been done in the city of

Atlanta, Ga., but no regular, organized branch of the Church has been effected,

althoug i meetings, Sunday schools and Mutuals were held at the different homes of the members. In the spring of 1907, the attention of the proper authorities

was brought to the need of an organization and a building in which to meet.

Mainly through the efforts of Elder James P. Jensen and President S. W. Golding, a suitable location for a Church building was found, and the matter was presented to President Ben E. Rich, of the mission, who immediately took the matter

up with the presidency of the Church, who authorized him to make the purchase.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 151

The property is located on the corner of Woodward Ave. and Connally Street, and

was formerly occupied by the Baptists, but had been abandoned and let run down, until, at the time of the purchase, it was an eyesore to the community. The

elders laboring in that city laid aside their "preaching"clothes, donned overalls and jumpers, went to work with hammer and saw upon the old building, and

Latterday Saints Meetinghouse, Atlanta, Georgia.

with pick and shovel upon the grounds, and made of them the very nice place shown in the accompanying picture. The building was dedicated, July 14, 1907,

by Elder George Albert Smith, and shortly after, a complete branch organization of the Church was effected. The work was placed under the leadership of Elder

C. E. Dinwoodey, who, with his wife and family, has been occupying the parsonage adjoining the church, and who up to this time had been acting as secretary of

the mission for eighteen months past. Associated with Elder Dinwoodey, from

time to time, were Elders M. B. Farr, A. F. Tolton, J. H. Dixon, J. M. Moody,

T. E. Foote, H A. Pace and others, also three lady missionaries—Florence Zundel, Lillian V. Jones and Caroline S. Janes. The progress of the work has been

very satisfactory, as the following work for nine months, will show: Tracts distributed 7,000; books sold, 700; baptisms, 12; besides a great number of families

visited, and hundreds of conversations. The Mutual Improvement Association

has been a big aid to us in cur work. The members were not sufficient to justify

the organization of two separate societies, so a joint association was organized with Elder James P. Jensen, president; Mary E. Cook, first counselor; R. A.

Parker, second counselor, and Nellie Cook, secretary; with Elder Dinwoodey as

class leader. We took up, last winter, the study of the senior manual. We had

an average attendance of about twenty, who were all interested in the lessons presented and most excellent classes were the result. The work this winter has

been commenced under most auspicious conditions, and we look forward to having 152 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a good time. Elder Dinwoodey has been recently transferred to the mission office,

Chattanooga, to act as secretary of the mission, and Elder Paul E. Nelson

placed in charge of the work in Atlanta."

Elder T. J. Bennett, president of the Belfast, Ireland, conference, writes,

October 21: "The work of the Lord is progressing in Ireland. We have eighteen elders in the conference. We are meeting with some opposition which is

helping us along in our work, and raising up a good many frieads for us. We

feel as proud of the Irish conference as the Irish do of St. Patrick. The Irish

conference is not taking its hat off to any of the conferences in the British mis-

# <?v 1 f tV

r t- tlPW

fir

"rw!, JrrElders of the Belfast Conference, Ireland.

sion. Seventeen of our elders attended the semiannual Irish conference of the

Church, which convened in the meeting hall of the Belfast branch on September 27. We are pleased to report an excellent Mutual in the city of Belfast, with an

average attendance of twenty members. We are just completing the 1898 9

manual, The Apostolic Age. We wish the Era a prosperous new year, and the

Mutual work success."

Elder Lawrence Squires writes under date of November 9, from Geneva,

Switzerland: "I am thankful that I was chosen to work among these people and

in this country. Though the people do not seem ready for the gospel, and our

success is not very great, as far as baptisms are concerned, we have a fine climate to work in, and we are allaying a great deal of prejudice whenever we can get the people to hear us. Indifference and prejudice are naturally the greatest

obstacles in our way. We have about seventeen elders in the French conference

at present, and we are all interested in the work and united for its advancement -

One does not hear a great deal about this Frenchjmission, but we all think that it

EDITOR'S TABLE. 153

is the best there is, and are all thankful at being called to it. We have -some of

the most beautiful scenery in the world. There are not any large branches, as

the Saints get the emigration spirit, and as soon as it is possible go to tltah to rejoice with the Saints there. We have now a very good edition of the Book of

Mormon. It is placed in the book stores of most all the cities, and I think it will

do a great deal of good. We also have a part of the Doctrine and Covenants,

the Voice of Warning, Talmage's Lectures on the Book of Mormon and several other smaller tracts. The language is rather hard for some of us, but, as a rule,

elders are able to make themselves understood pretty well in nine or ten months, and before leaving are pretty good Frenchmen."

From Dunedin, N. Z., Otago conference, Conference President George A.

Christensen writes, Sep. 22: "The accompanying photo shows the headquarters of

the missionaries in Dunedin, and also the four elders laboring in the Otago conference, the most southern conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints in the world. The work is progressing favorably, tracting and visiting

Back row—George A. Christensen, John Latimer, Jr.; front row—M. Wallace

Woolley, WilfordM. Johnson, Elders laboring in Otago conference,

New Zealand, the most southern conference in the world.

take up a good deal of the time. Street meetings are being held at the present

time, and occasionally the elders are given an opportunity to address certain of the town societies. New friends are constantly being made, which encourages

the work and lightens the burden; and whenever a new friend is made, it is a

victory over prejudice which is slowly but surely be:ng overcome. All the elders

1 54 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

are pleased with the prospects of their conference and expect to reap a harvest before the year is ended."

Elder John L. Herrick has been chosen by the First Presidency to preside

over the Western States mission, comprising Colorado, Nebraska, the Dakotas,

Wyoming and New Mexico, with headquarters at Denver, Colorado. His appointment to succeed former President Joseph A. McRae, who goes to Independence,

Mo., to fill a position with the Daniels Plow Co., was made public on November 6.

Elder Herrick was born in Ogden, and is about forty years of age. For more

than twenty years he served on the Weber stake board, Y. M. M. I. A., and was the

stake superintendent of that organization, for nine years, until the late division of the stake, when he was chosen a member of the High Council of the reduced

Weber stake. He is a capable business man, a faithful Church worker, full of

integrity, cheerful in the performance of his tasks, and loyal to his friends.

Elder Albert B. Foulger, writing from Kimberley, South Africa, September 28,

says, relating to the work that is being done in promoting the gospel in the "diamond fields,"of faroff Africa: "The report of my first years'labors, together

with my companion Elder J. G. McKay, of Huntsville, Utah, who labored with me

in that district, is: Tracts distributed, 33,860; books distributed, 12,058; invita

tions, 1,998; gospel conversations, 4,734; meetings held, 186; baptisms, 12; children

blessed, 9; people administered to, 12, eight of whom received relief. Besides

the above, many friends have been found, several of whom have applied for baptism. Our meetings are well attended, and much interest is being manifest."

It was announced on November 20, that Elder Thomas E. McKay, counselor in

the presidency of the Ogden stake, and county superintendent of schools of Weber county, has been chosen to preside over the Swiss and German Mission, to release

Elder Serge F. Ballif, of Logan, who has had charge of that mission for several

years. Elder McKay will resign his office and prepare immediately to enter upon

his missionary duties.

First and Second Year Books Bound Together.—The first and second

Year Books bound together in good, strong cloth binding can now be had, post paid, at a cost of seventyfive cents. Send in your orders at once to the general secretary. The number is limited to less than one thousand, and will soon be gone;

so that those who desire these valuable numbers of the Year Book in the more permanent form of binding than in paper will do well to send in their orders at once prepaid. Also we call the attention of quorum presidents to the desirability of prompt payment for the second Year Books sent to them. The books sent

to the respective quorums are surely by now distributed and paid for; and the

amount collected should be sent to the Seventies General Secretary at once that the First Council may make prompt settlement with their printers and meet other expenses attending upon the publication of the Year Book. Bring this matter

to the attention of the quorums, and your secretaries, Messrs. Presidents, and let

us have a prompt response to this appeal

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COUNCIL.

Singing and Quorum Quartets.—Many of the quorums have followed the

suggestions made in our first Year Book with reference to singing practice in the quorums and the organization of quorum quartets. Where these instructions have

been followed the happiest results have been attained. In some quorums that we

have visited the musical numbers have been among the most successful and entertaining features of the meeting. We call attention to the fact that the instructions given in the first Year Book on the subject of singing should be regarded

as permanent instruction, and followed this year as well as last. We believe it is

possible for every quorum to have a quartet, one or even more than one, and this should not be neglected, for "part singing"can be a very interesting feature of our class exercises, and will give variety to the exercises and increase the interest and attractiveness of our quorum meetings. Sing, brethren, sing; and sing with

the spirit and the understanding also.

The Addition of New Members.—The councils of the respective quorums

should be on the alert in the matter of securing new members where the quorum membership is not complete. While the matter of agreeing upon the elders who

will be recommended to the several quorums will finally rest with the presidents of the stakes and the First Council of the Seventy, there can be no objection to our local presidents taking note of the -young men within their respective quorum districts, who, in their judgment, would be suitable for ordination to the office of

Seventy, and sending a list of their names to the First Council of Seventy, who will take up the matter of their beccming Seventies with the presidents of the stakes. In this connection we desire also to say that our local presidents are not

under obligation to accept every elder who may be suggested by the local authorities; but they should make themselves acquainted with the men recommended to

their quorums before accepting them. Our presidents have a voice in this matter,

and also are responsible for the kind of men they receive, and should exercise good judgment in the matter of approving men for ordination into our quorums.

In this connection we remind our presidents of the instructions given by President

Joseph F. Smith, quoted in last Year's Book, page 168, to the following effect:

156 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA.

''Gather in the strong, tho vigorous, the young and ablebodied who have the spirit of the gospel in their hearts to fill up the ranks of the Seventy, that we may have ministers to preach the gospel to the world. They are needed."Indeed

they are, and the First Council rely upon the judgment of our local presidents to secure the class of men here described.

To Seventies Still in the Sunday Schools.—There comes to the First Council of the Seventy occasional complaints that presidents and members of the Seventy's quorums who were at the commencement of the new move temporarily excused

from attendance upon quorum meetings on Sunday morning in order to devote themselves to Sunday school work, complaints that they are still retained by the

Sunday school authorities, and in some cases with small prospects of their being released in the near future. In discussing this matter with the view of having it

adjusted as soon as possible, the First Council thought it proper to suggest to our

Seventies so engaged, that they would do well to take up the matter themselves in their own interests and in the interests of their quorum and its work. The

understanding from the commencement has been that our brethren will be excused as soon as persons competent to take their places can be found. If the local authorities either of the wards or in the Sunday schools are not using proper diligence to find persons competent to act in their stead, let our Seventies take up the

matter in their respective departments, put men in a course of training and instruction to take their place, and then call the attention of the local authorities to the fact that such and such a brother is competent to act in their stead; and

that they desire their release in order to take up the Seventy's work, that they may stand in their place and work with the quorum of the Holy Priesthood with which they are identified. Surely it will be conceded that men in the organized

stakes of Zion ought not to be separated for any great length of time from acting in connection with the quorum of the Priesthood of which they are members.

Every proper means should be employed to have the Seventies meet regularly with their quorums.

Approval of the New Seventy Movement.—Occasionally we get words

of good cheer concerning the success of the course of study now pursued by the

Seventy's quorums. The senior president of the 107th quorum recently said in a

communication to the General Secretary: "We have finished our last year's text

book (Year Book), and are ready to begin our work in the new book next Sunday,

November 1st. * * * Our quorum is now in very good condition,

and since we received the text book (the Year Book) a greater interest has been taken by all the brethren. We have received more information from our quorum

meetings the past year then we have during the fifteen years combined since our quorum was organized. So I, for one, in connection with our quorum, feel to

congratulate the First Council of Seventy in their wise selection of materials to make our meetings interesting. The Seventies here just feel delighted. We have

nearly completed the collection of our annual fund, and we believe we will be able to collect it in full—one hundred per cent."

SEVENTY S COUNCIL TABLE. 157

The senior president of the 13th quorum gave us the following word of cheer, and adds several important suggestions found in the following communication:

"The universal sentiment in relation to the new system instituted for the quorums of Seventy is that it is an excellent arrangement for the purposes to be attained.

Systematic study is the essential feature. An interest is created and sustained by

successive and consecutive lessons. Great progress has been made during the past

year in home reading and study and individually qualifying for the lessons assigned and while the progress is marked, it is not confined to a few, but is diffused throughout the whole class. As a body we are benefitted, and better qualified for

the labors and duties of Seventies.

"While recognizing these facts, we regret that our operations are not extended to and participated in by a larger number of members. Quite a number of our

members have already been upon missions. Six out of the seven members of our

council have filled foreign missions. Also a number of our members have responded to this call. Those who have not, by reason of financial and other causes,

are temporarily excusable. There are, therefore, very few members of our quorum

who could immediately respond to a call. This is perhaps to be regretted, because by reason of these studies our members are better informed and better prepared for the preaching of the gospel than ever before. We would suggest, then,

in view of all these conditions:

"First. That presidents of stakes and bishops give us more of the young men

who are prospective missionaries. If they are worthy to be called as missionaries,

which is being done every day, are they not equally worthy to be assigned to us to receive this course especially designed for them?

"Second. A closer affiliation between the president of the stakes and bishops

and the Seventies'quorums. We are all working for the same purpose. In our

quorum every member of the council and the great majority of our members are acting as ward teachers and are subject to the bishop's call in everything that does noc interfere with our duties as Seventies.

"Third. That M. I. A. and Sunday schools do not make calls upon Seventies

to perform labors connected with them that will interfere with their attending their class meetings.

"Fourth. That Seventies will understand their first allegiance is to their

quorum."

little conLessons I and II in the Second Year Book.—We learn that a

fusion has arisen in the minds of some of the brethren in relation to the use of the terms "Intelligences,"and "intelligence,"in Lessons I and II of the Second

Year Book. The plural ending of the word is given in these lessons both "ies"

and "es. "The former spelling is wrong and results from careless proof reading.

The plural and singular forms stand respectively for the descriptive name of those intelligent entities which the Prophet Joseph Smith declares to be selfexistent and eternal beings. Our phraseology is nearly always more or less imperfect, and

inadequate to match ideas; but a little care and patience will usually lead us out

of our difficulties. Take this passage from the Doctrine and Covenants, quoted

1 58 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

in the Year Book, as an example. The revelation represents the Christ as speaking, saying: "I was in the beginning with the Father and am the first born."

Then he extends the fact of the existence of intelligences in that "beginning with in fact, and tothe Father"to others besides himself—to the Prophet Joseph,those who were with him when the revelation was being received—"Ye were also

ia the beginning with the Father, that which is spirit, even the spirit of truth."

That is, that part of the brethren that is spirit—that was in the beginning with

the Father. Then the Savior still further extends the fact of the existence of Intelligences in that "beginning with the Father,"beyond the few here specified to

the whole race, by saying: "Man"—he unquestionably means the race, the term

is generic—"Man was in the beginning with the Father."This is followed with

—"Intelligence, or the light of truth (i. e. the power which perceives truth—Intelligence or Intelligences) was not created or made, neither indeed can be"(Doc.

and Cov. Sec. 93). Though the language here is somewhat involved, shining

through it is a great truth, namely, that intellgent entities are not created things, but are selfexistent, not only not created but uncreatable. It may be objected

that the word used in the revelation is '"Intelligence"the singular form, not the plural, "Intelligences;"and it may be urged that it means intelligence in mass not the intelligent entities embodied in men. This

cannot be the true construction, for two reasons: first, because intelligence

(meaning intelligence that cognizes truth—"the light of truth"—not acquired knowledge or information) does not exist in mass, as one may think

of water gathered into mass, as an ocean. So far as human experience instructs us, or human conception may extend its thought, intelligence is associated

with personality, with an entity; and second, the whole passage (verse 29) requires that "intelligence"as there used shall be understood in the plural sense;

it is used in the plural sense. "Man,"meaning the race, therefore men, all

men, were "in the beginning with the Father."Then, following right on,

"Intelligence, or the light of truth, was not created or made, neither indeed can be."That is, the intelligence in men, hence separate intelligent entities, or the

plural sense "intelligences"(required for the reason that the collective noun "man,"meaning the race of men, is used) were not created or made, nor can they be. The conclusion here reached is inevitable: intelligences are not created

or creatable; and be it remembered, the source of the doctrine is in the revelations

of God, which the Prophet Joseph Smith only amplifies in those quotations from his discourses found in the Year Book, Lessons I and II.

In this connection, by the way, we call attention to the fact that in the

January Era will be published what is known as the "King Follett Sermon,"delivered by the Prophet Joseph Smith at the April conference of the Church preceding his martyrdom. A discourse which more than any other deliverance of the

Prophet deals with the great questions of human and divine life,- with beginnings and continuances; with life and death; with relations of intelligences and all that

concerns the past, present, and future existence of man. We suggest that our

presidents see to it that the sermon is read in all our quorums, since it covers, in a way, and justifies the first five lessons of the Second Year Book.

MUTUAL WORK.

BEAR RIVER STAKE SUPERINTENDENCY.

Under date of October 21, 1908, Secretary J. H. Archibald of Garland, Utah,

advises this office of the organization of the superintendency of the New Bear

River Stake Y. M. M. I. A. as follows: Franklin D. Welling, superintendent;

Thomas E. Kjng, A. H. Archibald, counselors; and J. H. Archibald, secretary.

The wards of the new stake are: Beaver, Bothwell, Deweyville, East Garland,

Elwood, Fielding, Garland, Plymouth, Riverside, Thatcher.

TO OUR FRIENDS AND SUBSCRIBERS.

The annual adjustment of the books of the Improvement Era is now being made, and in the turmoil it may be possible that some orders be missed, and errors occur. We invite our friends to inform the office immediately of any failure to

receive the magazine promptly. We also request the officers who canvass for subscribers to send in the names immediately that the orders may be promptly filled.

Manuals may be obtained from the local officers, but are not sent to individual subscribers except upon request. Where the presidents have not yet canvassed the

wards, this should be done immediately, so that the subscribers may not have to wait for the magazine. Some complaints have come in charging that no effort

has been made in some wards to canvass for subscribers. We trust that our presidents, or those whom they have appointed to take charge of the work, will be

loyal in this respect and make the canvass immediately. We hope to make our

lists reach the desired 15,000.

AROUND THE WORLD.

Elder Andrew Jenson has just issued from the press, an illustrated book of 360 pages, containing a description of his journey around the world some years ago. There are 84 chapters with nearly 100 illustrations. The book is a lively

description of nations, men and countries, as seen through the eyes of the author in his journey around the globe to obtain information concerning the records of the Church. It contains, therefore, important historical incidents relating to the

Church organizations in the various parts of the world, as well as geographical 160 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and other descriptions which are calculated to enlighten and interest the general reader. The book is printed at the office of Bikuben, and is offered as a prize to

subscribers who pay in advance for that publication. The book is printed in the

Danish language.

O GIVE ME BACK MY PROPHET DEAR.

(male quartet or chorus.)

Words by John Taylor. Music by Evan Stephens.

Tenderly, p——Hn-—*——4-#—H—%*-1 tJfx*f=*=U=t|= M )/- V—v

O. give me back my Prophet dear, And Pa - triarch, O

Ye men of wisdom, tell me why—No guilt, no crime in

It is because i hey strove to gain, Beyond the grave a

It is because the priests of Baal Were desperate their

E&S -0—0- -Jt=l -A-=J—*—f—? & 0-

9-&—0 L,.X- 1 L p—y—y fiZ—g—

give them back, The Saints of Latter days to cheer, And lead them them were found—Their blood doth now so loudly cry,From prison

heav'n of bliss, Because they made the gospel plain And led the craft to save, And when they saw it doomed to fall,They sent the f* *=*==?==r- * V V H

#gtt rit. i=sp=:s;ttff EgE *JM p—

in the gospel track! And lead them in the gospel

walls and Carthage ground? From prison walls and Carthage

Saints to righteousness, And led the Saints to righteousProphets to their grave, They sent the Prophets to their

MUTUAL WORK. 161

mf a tempo.

e. L#tt-s—&—

track! But O, they're gone from my embrace, From

ground? Your tongues are mute, but pray attend, The

ness; It is because God called them forth, And

grave. Like scenes the ancient Prophets saw, Like

r-i H iy--, rS5j—#—#——*—rf——ferr-+zir=cNlfe5iM

earthly scenes their spir - its fled, Two of the best of secret I will now re - late, Why those whom God to led them by his own right hand, Christ's coming to prothese tbe ancient Prophets fell, And, till the res - ur- P

Adam's race now lie entombed a - mong the earth did lend, Have met the suffering mar - tyrs'claim on earth, And gather Is - rael to their rec - tion dawn, Prophet and Pa - tri - arch, fare-

n?E?y=i=!i ri \/ "dim.

dead, 'Now lie entombed a - mong the dead.

fate, Have met the suff 'ring mar - tyrs'fate.

land, And gathered Israel to their land.

well, Prophet and Patri - arch, fare well.

f3 162 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

PP,g Jz=:p=yz:=:jn=J:—- w—c=zzzg:=czz2=:j3

O, give me back my Prophet dear.

*, 1 c, L—C—33 c—C WARD AND GYMNASIUM HALL.

On account of numerous inquiries sent me from the country districts of Utah, and the general interest being taken by the Church, from Canada to Mexico, in adopting a course in physical education or athletics, in connection with the regular M. I. A. work, I take this opportunity of using the M. I. A. organ as a means

of reaching the M. I. A. workers of the entire Church.

When gymnasium or amusement hall is spoken of it readily associates itself with a large amount of money to be expended, and thinking it impossible to raise sufficient funds, the scheme falls through. There is absolutely no doubt in my

mind but that the people now are converted to the harmonious development of the body and mind, and taking it for granted that you are converted to the idea, I shall undertake to show you that a crude though decidedly attractive room may be equipped where basket ball, hand ball and gymnastic work, can be given in every ward, at a comparatively small cost.

As basket ball is the great sst of all indoor games in the country, and especially in the state of Utah, I shall describe in brief how (for the annual fee of $5 each for twentyfive men) a well equipped game room can be maintained.

First the room must be secured, I do not count this, nor the lighting or heating as equipment. The room should be as large as possible, especially should

the ceiling be high. The rules specify that the basket ball court shall not be

larger than thirtyfive by seventy feet, (35x70) but does not say it shall not be smaller, in fact, all basket ball court3 in the state at present are smaller. The

windows must be screened, or strips of hard wood placed six inches apart to prevent the ball from breaking the glass. The lights must be protected by wire

netting, usually a wire waste basket is of sufficient strength to protect the lights.

The room thus provided, the next is the court. The diagram of the courts

is simple, and is illustrated in all rule books for basket ball. Two basket ball

goals made of iron, the rims being made of the same size steel as a tooth of a hay rake, eighteen inches in diameter, are used; and, in fact, an old hay rake

tooth will do nicely where the regular goals cannot be secured. One ring is

placed at each end of the court, fastened to a solid back board four by six feet (4x6); the rings or goals are fastened on the back board one foot from the bottom on the back, and project six inches outward. Said goals are placed ten feet

above the floor, and iron braces supporting the goal are placed in such a manner as not to interfere with the balls being thrown in the goal when directly under it. Nets for the goals may be made from mason's twine or small windowcord rope

MUTUAL WORK. 163

The goals and nets being up, the floor marked off, (according to rule book), the ball is the next consideration. The ball is an inflated rubber bladder with a

leather covering. It shall not be more than thirtytwo inches nor less than thirty

inches in circumference, and shall weigh not more than twentyone ounces, nor less than eighteen ounces. The ball is blown up tightly by means of a bicycle

or air pump, laced up, and is ready for use. We now have the floor, the goals

and the ball provided for; the next is the man.

The basket ball equipment consists of rubbersoled shoes, (high tops preferred) long stockings, knee pants, jock straup, and a onequarter sleeve jersey.

The basket ball played in this state, and most all others, is played under the

Spalding rules, and as the only house in Utah carrying Spalding goods is the

Western Arms and Sporting Goods Company, all balls to be official must come from them. They are located at No. 115 So Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah, and

the price of a Spalding official No. M. Ball is $6. The nets and goals combined are also carried by them, and cost $3.75 per pair.

If you can go a step further, and use the room for light gymnasium work as well as basket ball, a few Indian clubs and dumb bells may be had at about thirty cents per pair. The one pound club is preferable, and the "Chautauqua"

club carried by the Naragansett Machine Company, of Providence, Rhode Island, is the best. Twentyfive pairs of each may be delivered to you at an approximate

cost of forty cents per pair.

A pair of flying rings, one of the most attractive features of a gymnasium, may also be had at an approximate cost of $10.

Thus it will be seen that a room for a gymnasium may be fitted up with a basket ball court, twentyfive pairs of Indian clubs, twentyfive pairs of dumb bells, and a pair of flying rings at an approximate cost of $50. to $75. The

room may also be used for hand ball, indoor base ball, class drills and for social features.

The above articles are among the most attractive pieces in a gymnasium and are the least expensive; vaulting horses, parallel bars, horizontal bars, buck

horses and spring boards are very expensive, and although very desirable, are not necessary, and especially for a ward amusement hall and gymnasium.

A shower bath, especially in cities where water systems are installed, is an excellent thing to provide, as aside from the hygienic value of a bath, after exercise, it is a great preventive of colds after a vigorons hour or so in the gymnasium. Prof. E. J. Milne,

Physical Director, University of Utah.

SUGGESTIVE PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS.

13. Conversation—1. What is it? 2. How cultivated? a. Observation of surroundings; b. Books; c. Association with superiors; 3. Topics, a. Of

mutual interest; b. Of an elevating character. 4. Examples.

Hymn, "Lord we ask Thee ere we part."

164 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

14. Gossip—1. Prevalence of. 2. Effects: a. On self; b. On others.

Poem, "The arrow and the song"—Longfellow (This is also set to music).

Hymns, Psalmody Nos. 214, 217. Sowing.

15. The charm of story telling—1. Desirability. 2. How to acquire: a. Fund

of stories; b. Fitness in applying them. 3. Advantage.

Poem, "The day is done"—Longfellow (also set to music).

Note.—The old ballads are suitable for this evening. Among the fine ones

are the following, some of which will be found in most any collection of old songs:

"Once in the purple twilight,""Believe me, if all those endearing young charms,""Silver threads among the gold,""Ben Bolt, ""I cannot sing the old songs,""Flee as a bird,""Shells of the ocean,""Then you'll remember me,""My pretty Jane,""Annie Laurie""The bridge."Among the pretty poems is the "Song''

by Longfellow, beginning "Stay, stay at home, my heart, and rest."Also, he has

many legends of interest. The "Old ballads"to be found in the Editorial and Guide

Departments of the July Number of Vol. 15, Young Woman's Journal, show

something of the charm of story telling.

16. Selfishness—1. The root of all evil. 2. Examples of selfishness. 3. Examples of unselfishness.

Hymns, Psalmody No. 34; "Scatter seeds of kindness."

1, The only way to reach God. 2. When to pray. 3. How to17. Prayer—

pray: a. Supplication; b. Thanksgiving.

Hymns, Psalmody Nos. 207, 77, 8, 6, 365.

18. Individual inspiration—1. How to get it; a. By prayer; b. Right living; c.

Recognizing its promptings. 2. How to use it: a. In spiritual things;

b. in temporal things.

Hymns, "Bound in unbelief's degrading thrall?""Let the Holy Spirit guide

you,"''Improve the shining moments."

DEATH OF JAMES P. OLSON.

James P. Olson, formerly of Brigham City, died on the 7th day of November,

1908, from the results of a fall from a load of wood, while he was coming down

Willow Creek canyon, near Burley, Idaho. Elder Olson was a man of splendid

character, open and aggressive, true to principle, energetic in Church work, and faithful to the gospel. His labors in the Y. M. M. I. A. in Brigham City, and

Box Elder stake, as well as in a general way and for the Era, are especially remembered, and the energy and enthusiasm with which he took hold of the work was characteristic of him in all the departments of life. His body was buried in

the cemetery at Brigham city on the 13th of November. He was born in Denmark, of Swedish parents, August 1, 1870, and emigrated with his parents to New

Zealand in 1875, where he joined the Church together with his father and one brother. In 1883, the father came to Utah, and he and his brother followed in

1885. He was second counselor in the Burley association at his death, and the

officers of the associations, by John W. Gardner and Maggie G. Pulsipher passed

a touching tribute of respect to his memory.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

New Stake of Zion.—On the 12th of October, the Bear River Stake of

Zion was organized as follows, at a meeting held in Garland, Elders Rudger

Clawson and George F. Richards being in charge: Milton H. Welling, president,

formerly of Malad stake; Peter M. Hansen, Joseph Jensen, counselors; Herbert

B. Foulger, stake clerk.

Maeser Memorial Building.—One of the great public buildings for Utah

is the fine structure now being erected in Provo in connection with the Brigham

Young University, to be known as the Maeser Memorial Building. The contract

for the foundation was let some time ago, and it is expected the foundations will be completed about December 15. The Manti Stone Co. will supply the white

sandstone to be used for the stones above the high basement, and Le Grand

Young will supply Emigration canyon red sandstone for the lower story or basement. Stone cutting and other building operations will continue during the

winter.

Western Pacific Ry. Opens Traffic.—The opening on November 10, of

the Western Pacific Railway from Salt Lake with a triweekly mixed passenger and freight service, to Nevada, to connect with the Nevada Northern, is an important incident in the growth of railways in the West. The W. P. tracks connect with the

Rio Grande tracks at Sixth West street, thence over Jordan, and south of the

Great Salt Lake into Elko county, Nevada, a distance of about two hundred miles, where it connects with the N.N. Coal from the Rio Grande will now be supplied over

this connection to Ely and to other cities and camps reached by the Nevada Northern. S. V. Derrah, assistantgeneral freight agent of the Rio Grande, is in charge

of the traffic.

Resignation of President Eliot.—Charles W. Eliot, president of Harvard

University, has resigned, and his resignation has been accepted to take effect no later than May 19, 1909, at which date he will have completed 40 years of service at the head of the University. He was born in Boston, Mass., March 20, 1834.

He graduated from Harvard in 1853. He is one of the foremost speakers and

writers in this country today, and has perhaps exerted a stronger influence upon 16G IMPROVEMENT ERA.

American thought than any other man of his period. He has set a great and

steady pace and been very useful in work, and in the standards of living and working. While neither a genius nor specialist, he is still a great man, great in manhood, strength of body, vigor of mind, and in that fortitude, confidence and

patience that grow out of unusual natural abilities. He inspires both respect and

affection; is a helper of men, and possesses a living interest in humanity which he

exercises with the utmost cheer and geniality.

Temperance and Saloons.—In the last number of the Improvement Era,

the inspiring remarks of President Joseph F. Smith at the opening of the 79th

semiannual conference on "Temperance and the Word of Wisdom"'were printed in full. Elder Heber J. Grant who spoke at length immediately after upon the

same subject, presented the following resolution:

Believing in the words and teachings of President Joseph F. Smith, as set

forth this morning on the subject of temperance, it is proposed that all the officers and members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will do all in their power that can properly be done with lawmakers generally, to have such laws enacted by our legislature soon to be elected as may be necessary to cLse saloons and otherwise decrease the sale of liquor and to enact a Sunday law.

The large congregation present representing the Church accepted the resolution by unanimous vote. It is therefore the duty of every person who belongs to

the Church to put this resolution into practice, first personally, and then publicly, to use his influence with legislators to have the resolution put into effect by the enactment of law. No community of Latterday Saints should tolerate a saloon

where they have the power to close it, and should never be found supporting one, by patronage.

Death of a Noted Friend to the Latterday Saints.—From the Danish

papers we learn of the death of Jens Busk, for many years a representative of the people of northern Denmark to the Danish House of Representatives. He

died suddenly at his home in Horsens, on the 29th of August. He was a radical

who represented the common people, and for many years retained his seat in the congress of his country. He had a lively and cheerful disposition, and was a

ready speaker, who used in the legislative halls the brogue of his native division of Denmark. He was a useful man for his party and did much for the common

people of his country. But when his party came into power in the nation, he was

compelled to reluctantly retire, and did not have the pleasure of enjoying a reward from the liberal government which he had spent the greater part of his life to establish. The writer remembers meeting him during 189092 in the Latterday

Saints'meeting hall, in Copenhagen, many times. Mr. Busk was very fond of

listening to the songs of the Latterday Saints and visited the meetings more to hear them, as he said, than "the indifferent preaching."This he listened to,

however, patiently, but with only little interest. He frequently took delight in

arguing with the elders on the principles of the gospel, as well as concerning

America and her laws and institutions. At times he appeared to be almost bitter

in his opposition to the Saints, but he still continued to come to the meetings

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 167

and was in reality a friend. He has now gone where he will realize more fully

that the truths that were spoken to him by the elders of the Church were the truths that he should have adopted in his life.

Kai?er Wilhelm Disciplined.—On October28, the London Telegraph published an interview containing a frank statement of the worldpolicy of the German

empire, credited to the Kaiser, and which he made known to a "retired diplomat."

The interview had reference to AngloGerman relations, and its object was to promote better feelings between Germany and England, but it had the opposite effect. The Emperor admitted that large sections of the middle and lower classes

in Germany were unfriendly to Great Britain, but he was a good friend; and he

cited numerous instances of the historical past to prove it, among which was this, that he used his influence during the Boer war to prevent the hostile combination of France and Russia against England. The incident caused great excitement.

Prince Von Buelow, the German Chancellor, admitted in the German Eeichstag that he had permitted the publication of the interview, and tendered his resignation to the Emperor, which was not accepted. The Emperor's grave indiscretion

was seriously discussed both in the Reichstag and the press, until the 17th of November when the Emperor yielded to the will of the German people, and practically promised that he would abandon his personal government ideas and bow to the popular will. It was a great victory for Von Buelow who is reported to have said

to the Emperor in a final interview in Potsdam that he would resign, if the wishes of the German people were not respected. It was then the Emperor bowed to the

will of the people, approved the Chancellor's address in the Reichstag, and assured

Prince Von Buelow of his continued confidence in him concerning the future conduct of state affairs. It will be interesting to watch for further developments.

The National Election.—At the national election on November 3, William

Howard Taft, as the standard bearer of the Republican party, carried thirty states that will give him 321 electoral votes out of the total of 483, and make him the

President of the United States after the 4th of March next. William Jennings

Bryan received 162 electoral votes from seventeen states. He had 176 in 1896, and

in 1900 he received 155. Four years ago, out of 476 electors chosen 336 were

Republicans and 140 Democrats. The following states this year went Democratic with

pluralities ranging from 1,500 in Nevada to 100,000 in Texas: Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland and Mississippi, Nebraska, Nevada, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee,

Texas and Virginia. Four years ago Nebraska, Colorado and Nevada were Republican. Maryland's vote is divided, two electors going to Taft and six to

Bryan. New York gave Taft a plurality of 203 000. and Governor Charles E.

Hughes, about 70,000. The New York Legislature has an increased Republican

majority. Senator Foelker, who recently lefc his sick bed to give Governor Hughes

the vote needed in the state legislature to carry the antigambling and race track bill, has been sent to Congress. General relief is felt throughout the nation at

the result of the national election, and business interests are improving as a consequence. In the present Congress the Republicans have a majority of 30 in the

168 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Senate and 53 in the House. It is barely possible that this will be slightly reduced in the next Congress, but cannot at this writing be definitely stated.

Twenty nine states elected governors, and 25 elected legislatures, which will choose U. S. Senators. Ohio. Indiana, and Minnesota, while electing Republican

electors, chose Democratic governors; while Missouri elected a Republican governor, the first in many years. Utah went Republican by a plurality of at least

20,000; and in Salt Lake City, the "American"party candidates, instead of winning the county, as they had counted, lost not only the county but also the city,

which is no small cause for congratulation. That party had threatened the leaders

of the "Mormon"'Church with prison or exile, in fact had adopted that slogan in their political campaign.

HE LIVES AGAIN.

Break forth into praises ye sons of the earth;

Sing anthems of peace, 'tis the Lowly One's birth.

Let your songs and your praise ascend to the sky,

And echo the strains of the chorus on high.

Attune all your voices, shout praises again;

Sing the dear song of old, "Peace on earth to all men."

Ye stars of the morning, in one sweet accord,

Sing together the glory of Jesus our Lord.

Go herald this message from sphere unto sphere;

Of these tidings of joy let the universe hear.

Oh, waft his glad word on the wings of the morn,

That Jesus, the Lord of the earth, has been born.

Look up all ye slumbering nations, behold

For the Word is made flesh, as prophets foretold.

And the Star of the East is shining again

To lighten the way of the children of men.

Its soft ravs have pierced through the dense dark of night;

The gloom of the ages gives place to the light.

Ye bells in the steeples, in sweet cadence chime,

With a measure pronounced and a rhythm sublime;

Ring out to the world, yes, ring strong and clear,

Let the message reverberate far and near.

Proclaim to all men and in every clime,

The glorious word of the glad Christmas time.

Louis W. Larson.

Rexburg, Idaho.

THIS ADVERTISEMENT IS WORTH READ! NC Editor

FOR THE PARENTS FOR THE BOYS FOR THE GIRLS

SYSTEMATIC DEVELOPMENT of Character and Individuality

The Consolidated Library Designed and Edited by the famous editor of "Success Magazine"DR. ORISON SWETT MARDEN

and over five hundred of the world's greatest authorities;

public men, bankers, educators, manufacturers, inventors, mechanics and eminent women.

Absolutely new and unique Unlike Other Books.

THE PLAN of our work is a seTO INTEREST YOUNG PEOin the right reading and whatries of nearly a thousand Lectures or PLE is best for them, you must meet them

Articles on Practical Subjects of Curon their own level. Our work crerent Interest, each one written by an ates this interest and a desire to

authority in his line. know more of the right sort of subjects.

ILLUSTRATIONS form one of INTEREST is the key note. Techthe strongest features in creating innical terms are avoided. Every artiterest. There are over 2,200 in our

cle is a story told around pictures library, this work supervised by told simply and vies with romance in Howard Chandler Christy. It is the

most profusely and beautifully illusinterest.

rtated work ever published.

are discussed by THE MINOR DETAILS of each OCCUPATIONS over 200 prominent people who have subject are woven in around the made a success in each. This will

lectures so that every practicalsub- help your boys and girls to choose a ject is completely covered. career in life.

Every Step in the Training off a Boy or Girl to Fit Them for Life's Work MOTHERHOOD MANUAL TRAINING ARTEARLY TRAINING NATURAL STUDY NATURAL SCIENCEMENTAL TRAINING HISTORY INSPIRATIONPHYSICIAL DEVELOPMENT LITERAiURE OCCUPATIONSRECREATION MUSIC BUSINESS 30 OOO subjects, most complete index ever constructed. No d ad wood—every

article a practical one and instantly available. Endorsed by the highest authorities

in this State and the United States. Over two hundred local endorsements of

people you know furnished on request.

Sold in Utah by Utah Men, on Easy Monthly Payments /The

The Wilson Publishing Co./pi's"

2052O6 Utah Savings & Trust Bldg., Salt Lake City

Please S. SLOAN, S. WELLS, THOMAS M. WELLS. JOSEPHHEBER Treasurer VicePresident send me full President

this work; in vour home because it wil details about

bring out all that is best in your children / the Library, alsoYOU NEED / SpecialSpecial AdvertisiAdvertising

Investigate, let us send you full details And introductory /Prices. No expense

part.

MAIL COUPON TODAY or obligations on my in each community. Name We want representatives

Men and Women. Write us.

'Address MountaineerOverafIs Awarded gold medal for best quality overalls at

Utah State Fair. They are honestly made—are

not excellent satisfaction. Ask skimped—give

for them.

z.e.M.i.

Factory Shoes

Awarded gold medal for best quality Shoes at

Utah State Fair. Serviceable shoes made of solid

leather throughout. For the farmer, the laborer,

the business man. See you get them.

Clayton -Daynes Music Co.

Successors to Clayton Music Co. and Daynes Music CO.

Oldest, Largest and Best Music House in the West PIANOS, ORGANS, TALKING MACHINES EVERYTHING MUSICAL.

Col. N. W. Clayton, Prest. looiii 113 Main St.

Royal W. Daynes, Mgr. Salt Lake City.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Ea.j