PRESIDENT

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

TALKS GIVEN

BY THE GENERAL AUTHORITIES AT THE 135TH SEMIANNUAL GENERAL CONFERENCE

The Improvement Era December 1965 AMERICAN INCENTIVE TO READ*

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

PROVO, UTAH EARL C. CROCKETT, actino mwsidint

COLLEGE OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION

A MESSAGE OF IMPORTANCE

FOR PARENTS AND STUDENTS OF ALL AGES

An individual's progress in life and excellence of

achievement depend upon mastering the tools of

understanding and communication. The ability to

read well is one of the most important of these

READERS MAKE LEADERS tools. Without it, failure and frustration are

Today's young people face fierce competition getting difficult to avoid.

into the colleges of their choice... and the I urge you to check these things at once—

competition will increase.

(1) Make sure every adult member of your family

What kind of -readers do you have in your family?

reads with ease and skill, and

Colleges are looking for HUNGRY READERS because they have learned through experience that the (2) Make sure every student has the opportunity to best readers are the best students. Your child's learn properly the important fundamentals of

reading ability can make the difference between success or failure at BYU or any other college. reading.

Glenn L. Pearson

Associate Professor of Religion "Reading Is A Skill... Not An Age!i"

jJuiJUiJ-****-

AIR will provide the necessary tools for testing the reading ability of each member of your family, in the privacy of your own home. You can personally administer

the tests with the help of a LP phonograph record. You mail the completed tests

to AIR Testing Headquarters in Los Angeles, where they will be professionally scored and evaluated. The results will be returned to you so you can know FOR

SURE how your family stands in this important subject.

There is no cost or obligation to you whatsoever for this review! Send your

request for the number of tests you need for your family to the LDS Advisor,

American Incentive to Read at the address below. Please state your Ward, Stake

and Church position.

The AMERICAN INCENTIVE TO READ program meets a real and growing need for a simple, straightforward method and interesting materials to improve reading skill or aid the slow or problem reader. Through a combination of audiovisual lessons

linguistics of facts on the based

Pacific the of of FAMILY ARDENEvery member RONEY student of any (phonics) AIR the

California,Palisades, the from benefits AIR Program with fluency to learns read age an their important of they partwhich have made pleasure. and

project. familyweekly

SfC For information write LDS Advisor AMERICAN INCENTIVE TO READ 2015 West Olympic Boulevard Los Angeles, California 90006

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

CARNIVOROUS PLANTS

Plants such as Venus's-flytrap or the pitcher plant which capture insects are well known. There is a

group of carnivorous plants of the microbial world which are of great importance. These fungi are microorganisms which are able to capture, kill, and consume animals also

of microscopic size. The prey includes amoebas, rotiferans, nematodes, and springtails. The fungi

are filamentous plants that lack chlorophyll and develop as fine threads. The nematodes are wormlike animals of which one example

is the cause of trichinosis. Professor

David Pramer of Rutgers University has pointed out the possibility of against these fungi nemausing parasites of imZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK economictode portance. has returned to the

BRIGHAM YOUNG CORNER

Zions First National Bank has returned to Salt Lake's most distinctive address—One Main Street—where the bank has

stood since 1889.

On the "Brigham Young Corner"the bank now has central offices in a new building with expanded operations—the most

modern service but with the same reliability and sound management that has been characteristic of Zions Bank since its founding by Brigham Young in 1873.

For efficient, dependable service on a checking account, savings account, or when you need a loan, "See Zions First

SNOWFALLS National first."

Offices: At Silver Lake, Colorado, in 24 One Main Street 235 South Main there 1415, Aprilhours 1921, on ZIONS 102 South Mainfell of inches In a single 75.8 snow.

7th East & storm, December 2631, 1955, at 8th West & 4th21stSouthSouthThompson Pass, Alaska, there fell FIRST NATIONAL 450 South 2nd West 175.4 inches of snow. Florida had Cottonwood Mall

a storm at Milton, March 6, 1954, Kearns which gave 4 inches of snow, which Taylorsville BANKwas the total for that year. Founded by Brigham Young—1873

Send mail to Number One Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

DECEMBER 196S 1057 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for December 1965 Volume 68, Number 12

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS Church Features 1057, 1062, 1200 Art: Ed Maryon

The Editor's Page: Man's Free Agency—An Eternal Principle of Progress, 1074 ZimmermanArt: Henri LeRolle, Ernst

President David O. McKay (General Conference Address) 1072 1084,Luch1087 Art: Warren and Phyllis

Art: Douglas JohnsonGeneral Conference Addresses 11001161 1089

Art: Trevor Southey 1176 The Right and Authority of the Priesthood, President David O. McKay.. 1101 1196-7, 1074 Art: Dale Kilbourn

"Whom Do Ye Seek?"President David O. McKay 1160 1072,Scanlon1083, 1094 Lettering: Maurice

Clark Photo: Ralph 1073 1103 President in America, Faith B. Brown Hugh

Deseret News 1078, 1080 Photos: 1105 President Tanner N. Eldon Reverence for Law, Ernst Wittke Photo: 1091

The Blessings of Eternal Glory, President Joseph Fielding Smith 1107 1092 ServicePhotos: Church Information

Tragedy, Thorpe B. Isaacson 1108 11011161 Photos: Salt Lake City

Newspapers The Church Moves On, 1066; General Conference Index, 1070; Melchizedek Priesthood: A 11721185 Photo:Photos: RaymondSpencer WinegarJ. Kinard

Bishop Looks at 1965, 1173; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 1174.

Special Features

Thoughts on Christ and Christmas by Presidents of the Church 1074

Joseph Fielding Smith, Thorpe B. Isaacson, Appointed to the First Presidency,

Albert L. Zohell, Jr 1078

Alma H. Pettigrew, A Man without Guile, Doyle L. Green and

Charles E. Mitchener, Jr. 1082

Christmas Reminiscences, President Joseph F. Smith 1088

Since Cumorah: The Bible, the Scrolls, and the Book of Mormon:

a Problem of Three Bibles (cont. ), Hugh Nibley 1090

The New York World's Fair-A Final Report, Richard J. Marshall 1092

Teaching: The Natural Man—An Enemy to God? Part 1, Alma P. Burton....1094

The Spoken Word from Temple Square,

Richard L. Evans 1096, 1097, 1098, 1099, 1164, 1184

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1057; These Times: The View from Asia:

Hawaii Stopover, 1062; Letters and Reports, 1071.

The Era of Youth 1185 The Last Word 1200 Family and Home Features Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

And With Delight 1176 Home, Sweet Home, FBP 1181 A Gift for Each, Margaret Dudley 1184

Stories, Poetry New Star in the Sky, Berta Huish Christensen.... 1084

Poetry 1098, 1099, 1184

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

THE COVER Davis, Editor; Becki E. Grant, L, Zobell, Carter Editor; Albert Managing L. Green, L. Evans, Richard Doyle and David McKay

Editor; Elaine The Era Youth Jr.,TheResearch Cannon, Editor; D. Hanks, of Marion Family B. Today's Pinnock, Associates; Editorial FlorenceEditors; O,Marlowe, Darold

of pictures President Joseph Era These Reynolds. Direction: Editor; Art Ralph Associate Youth of

President Fielding Thorpe Editors. Smith and Contributing Gardiner, A. Sidney Nibley, B. Sperfy, Alma Harris, Franklin G. Durham, Homer

for especially Subscription B. Isaacson taken were A. Snarr, Manager; Business F. Scott, General Glen Associate S. Manager; Jacobsen, Verl S.Manager; Jr.,FlorenceHuch General Smith, G. Jn., Carlos

Director; Thayer Evans, Advertising Director. The Improvement Era by

of Photographer Logan, Ralph Clark

Saints, Mutual published 1965, Christ of Latterday and by the of of Jesus Association Church Men's Mutual Improvement Superintendent, The Young General after the the Utah, day subscripin multiple price, advance; year, a S3.00 reserved. Subscription rights All of of Christ Latterday of Associations Church The JesusImprovement of President appointment Smith

price. three the to a year year year, $2.50 years, SS.25; Saints.added succeeding each years, 3 tions, $5.75; 2 to President the Isaacson and act in for section 1103, at postage for of rate special provided mailing secondclass matter. Salt as City, Acceptance Office, Post Lake Utah at the Entered First Presidency announced. was 1918. 2, authorized of 1917, July October

story see Also 1078. on page of rate at 2c the for acceptance are on paid Manuscripts contributions. is for unsolicited manuscripts but not responsible welcomes Era Improvement The

return. delivery sufficient and postage a accompanied by be must and word

in full lithographed color magazine. Address issue of recent slip Cover the a address from include please is ordering for of change, address. required a Thirty notice days'change

is included. unless the well as Whenthefor Deseret as Press one old new address changes cannot by be made News

10S8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Encyclopaedia Britannica

"Utility ought to be the principal intention of every publication. Whereversays: this intention does not plainly appear, neither the books nor their authors

have the smallest claim to the approbation of mankind."

from preface, 1st Edition, 176871.

world a human soul reached out for knowledge, for a chance to improve himself, for a way

Seven generations have been served by the Encyclopaedia Britannica. to broaden his horizons,

21 vols, 7th Edition had and 506 plates, we felt honor bound to this including one on "Aerostation."

serve his needs. It hapAs three little words go, "Encyclopaedia pens today for the same reasons. But it isn't as easy as it used

Britannica says..."may never take the to be. The explosive pace at which knowledge is accumulatplace of "I love you."But they, too, have ing today puts a tremendous responsibility upon the shoulbeen quoted just about everywhere from ders of our contributors and editors to

family picnics and international conferensure the Britannica's absolute auences to cybernetics semithority and completeness. To build the

nars and long walks in the current edition, for example, revisions 1st Edition, pubpark. They have won bets, needed to be made on more than a lished in Scotland

by a "society settled arguments, imthird of the Britannica's 28,161 pages.

of gentlemen."pressed the boss, helped Over seven million words were revised.

with homework, hobbies, More than three term papers, and Ph.D. thousand illustra9th Edition, 187589,

as the dissertations. How has all tions were added, widely"Scholars'knownEdition."

this renown come about? 3rd Edition, including some proIt began in the early days, completed in vided by Ranger 7. And

1797, was as the Britannica set out to dedicated "To 835 new contributors

The King."enlisted, fulfill bringing the of its mandate III) were (George

1783. Edition,2nd total of signed cited original in preface, the grand

8,59510 vols., pp.

part above. It happened 11th Edition, 191011, articles (or sections of

because the Britannica bore the imprimatur of articles) up to 29,032.

was written to encomCambridge University. (In the last five years

pass the full range of all alone, the Encyclopaedia Britannica has reman's knowledge bevised more material than any other English tween the covers of one language "encyclopedia"contains in the useful, readily available first place.) All to make sure that next contatadwritings

of 3,500 Britannica say: set of books. It happened time you 181017, 5th Edition, "Encyclopaedia, and took 1 contributors

582 plates. in. the, 16,017 pp., 20 vols., because.., whereveri to complete. Says. 3 years yOU,11 be Tight.1 Asa USUal.

/ \jlfif N Encyclopaedia Britannica, Inc., 425 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois

Of17T68 'zshsssS'zssxsMDECEMBER 1965 1059 1 MEET THE MORMONS by Doyle L. Green and Randall L. Green

An excitingly beautiful pictorial introduction to the Church, and its people. A big 8-1/2"x 11'in size, 220 magnificent illustrations -

139 in glorious full color. The result of the cooperation of numerous

Church agencies and auxiliaries, photographers and artists. Tells

the story of the Church and the Gospel... a perfect Christmas

gift for friends and investigators. A marvellous help for missionaries.

$2.95 2 OUR MORAL CHALLENGE by Mark E. Petersen

Dedicated to the purity of youth, Apostle Petersen's newest book is a series of frank, open, discussions designed to fortify our youth against the evils of the day. "There is no substitute for facts and

no enemy like ignorance,''writes Apostle Petersen in his masterly presentation of the problems tempting many LDS youth today, treating sex sensibly and showing its true purpose. gn fkSS

3 THIS AGE OF CONFUSION by Alvin R. Dyer

A crisp and authoritative analysis of the religious confusion that besets Christianity. The pristine purity of the Restored Gospel

fallen of image gleams - library, fine a and faiths. Abrightlyvaluablewhenadditioncomparedto anywith worthwhilethe tarnished

Christmas gift. $3.50

American 4 OF FOOD AND THOUGHT of by Florence Pinnock FOOD ond the EditorNot justof Today'sa cookbookFamilynotsectionjust ofa Improvementhomecraft text.Era Every Latterday

and Rise of Saint woman will find inspiration for her daily activities in feeding

THOUGHT forher yearthroughfamily and nourishingreading. tbeir spirits. Divided into monthlyS4.54Psegments

5 AMERICAN RELIGIONS AND RISE OF MORMONISM THE ]r. Miifon V. Backman, by

A comprehensive word picture of the religious era in which the

Restored Gospel emerged in the early 19th century. Traces the

origins and beliefs of the major Christian denominations in the

New World, documenting their transition from an era of colonial state churches to the current condition of complete religious freedom and pluralism. $3.95

fimsmilisiii i Mtljltt hm tkcc Itraoiisi With BOOKS

6 LIRERALSIM, CONSERVATISM AND

MORMONISM fey Hyrum L. Andrus

The Restored Gospel as the "true plan for achieving social justice is described dignity"infringing freedom without and upon mans and 9 A SPOONFUL OF SUGAR conservatism. of principles liberalism and with the modern compared

The book emphasizes the possession by the Latterday Saints of the by Daryl V. Hoole,

real key to the riddle of perfect freedom and social justice for all. A most helpful supplement for parents of young families to enhance

$1.95 thefor theChurchhomeHomeeveningEveningas wellprogram.as illustrative,It containslessonteachingexcellent flip storiescharts

for the children. Enlivened by explanatory and interesting illustrations,

7 THAT THEY MIGHT KNOW THEE it will appeal to all ages. AVAILABLE SOON by Frances Carter Yost

of teller this delightful book. skilled story the a pen comes From

skill in brings to life the 10 WHEN YOU SPEAK IN CHURCH the prose her poetry, author and Using warm, intimate, Biblical experiences that help the reader draw closer By Emerson JR. West

the tool of Church. important valuable for every and member An fictional to those the Savior and whom the Master taught. Though

... to vivid to effective talks deliver create and and how How ffi it information. corelates factual with J 95 will benefit clearly. adults yourself express people and more Young

from this aid to better speaking in Church. A great Christmas gift.

8 UNDERSTANDING CHILDREN by R. D. Wdley

is a comprehensive guide to proper understanding of the 11 MIRACLES OF CHRISTMAS Here behaviour of children. This helpful book will enable teachers and by John J. Stewart

parents to create a deeper and more effective relationship between Some of the many miracles of Christ are retold and tied into what themselves and their children. Makes a wonderful Christmas gift to is perhaps the most blessed miracle of all - his nativity. From this

yourself or a friend, S&3 95 world"Christmas"... noteventonly camewith miraclesforth theas manat thewhoPoolwouldof Bethesda,change butthe

SEND THIS COUPON NOW. with his powerful message and atoning love. ffil 00

DESERET BOOK COMPANY ERA, DEC. 65

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Residents of Utah add 3-1/2% sales tax. Total $ Please send me the books

I have circled. 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11

to cover cost; or please bill my account. tteseretCOM P A N Y Book I enclose a check/money order

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

CITY SALT LAKE Name.

BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Address City. State

If ordering from Orange store, residents add 4% Calif, salles tax.

YOUR SAVINGS...

The View from Asia: Hawaii Stopover

THESE TIMES

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

"What one sees depends upon than Gutenberg, urbanization that where one stands."This was a famakes many American cities revorite saying of Professor Andrew semble green farmlands by way of

Love Neff (18781937), author contrast. Yet in the midst of urbanof the History of Utah and one ized pile on pile, one perceives

of that state's devoted and disnurture of a foot of soil as if it tinguished teachers of history. were Eden, glorious Eden, reWhether climbing Mount Olymturned to hungry, seeking man.

pus, Mount Whitney, or viewing From study and some limited life from Paris or a British hamteaching about parts of Asia, I let, one learns that perspective knew it had many faces, many

Thirty years ago this writer, in ever be surmised in a few days'A PILLAR changes. ways, more complicated than could

company with Elders Gordon B. journey. Hawaii, a convenient

Hinckley and Heber Irvine Boden, stopover, provided a useful proOF THE FAMILY had the experience of seeing the logue to the main, the principal,

Earn 4.97% when our 4.85% current world and the Church on succesand the overwhelming fact—the

annual rate is compounded daily and sive Sundays from meetings in people.

maintained a year. State Mutual has London, Berlin, Paris, and New..Much of the population of Hanever missed an interest payment since York City. It was a remarkable waii shows Asiatic influence. A

our founding in 1889—a 77year perfect opportunity. This past summer, in visitor feels instantly at home upon

safety record. Daily interest is paid company with my wife, Eudora arrival. To one familiar all his

when funds are held through end of Widtsoe Durham, came the oplife with Utes, Paiutes, Navajos, toquarter, date of withdrawal and when to visit portunity Honolulu, Tokyo, great other Apaches, Pimas, and sixfunds or remain more. Assets months Osaka, Taipei, Kong. and is a sense there Hong American peoples,

million.over or postmarked $325 Funds

received by the 10th of the month earn The view from Asia is different. of almost immediate harmony, eninterest from the 1st. It contrasts with the view from couraged by the gentle tradewind

Let us hear from you.., Europe, as every locale in either islands. But should one need asMail this coupon. continent differs from another. sistance to avoid "cultural shock"

Asia, even glimpsing it from its in going to the Far East, Honolulu

Pacific border areas, holds one in is the right stopover. And, notwithawe. On religious grounds it comstanding all the benefits of natureState pels an awesome respect, for here and Hawaiian tourism, The Church

live most of God's children. And as of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

not a sparrow falls without the has provided one of the best demMutual cognizance of the Being who is no onstrations of the principle that respecter of persons, so one walks God hath made of one blood all'SavingsAND LOAN ASSOCIATION among one's Asiatic brethren, renations of men to dwell upon this

Dept. 516, 415 W. Fifth Street ligiously speaking, with a sense of earth. Providing a unique clinical

Los Angeles, California 90013 marvelous awe. experience in cultural differences,

accountD Pleasein OPENname(s) below.or ADD TO my insured From the political, economic, and yet constituting an effective

My check or M.O. for $ is enclosed. cultural, or other aspects, even a instrument for appreciating one's

Send further savings information. passing encounter with some of Maker through study of his chilthe peoples of Asia stimulates the dren, the Polynesian Cultural CenName(s) brain, touches the emotions, and ter at Laie is marked for significant

mellows the spirit. One can see service to mankind. It reflects

Street printing a thousand years older (Continued on page 1064)

City State"Zip No.

Social Security or I.D. No.

1062 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going—anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

1964, Continental Oil Company

DECEMBER 1969 1063

( Continued from page 1062 harmony in a world too often marred by prejudice and conflict. FREE The Polynesian

is perhaps the single most inviting For Joining LDS Books Club Cultural Center tourist attraction in the islands in August the crowds from judging influence seem 1965. Its fame and Mormonism and f mfi*

it to place with Temple destined the Negro 1 Square in Salt Lake City as a by John J. Stewart, MORMONISM place tourists are most likely to

supplemented by William E. Berrett and the NEGRO visit when in Hawaii. At least this

A complete and unprejudiced explanation of LDS appears to be the outlook for the

Church doctrine regarding the Negro and those immediate future. It is located on

of negroid blood. The book was especially prespacious grounds, beautifully situpared to answer criticism and accusations made ated near the temple and the

against LDS Church policy. Church College of Hawaii. All

A wealth of historical information on the subject three combine to form a unit atis included in the special supplement prepared traction.

by William E. Berrett. This center contains Hawaiian,

Fijian, Tahitian, Maori, Samoan,

Highly recommended reading for every Lattervillages. is auEach and Tongan Saint.day

WHAT DO CHURCH MEMBERS SAY alongmail thewithcouponyour checkat theorbottommoney oforderthis forad ums,thentic.trampedOne whothroughhas visitedart galleriesmuseABOUT THE CLUB? your first Club selection. We will rush by in Europe, through Valley Forges,

first selection mail Club return your High Stake Holladay John E. MacKay, state monuments, Washington

of free with your copy "Mormonism along Councilman Books Club member and LDS ordinary "tourist shrines, and joining. recently for wrote: gift to the you our and Negro"—

"A good Church reference library is a When you take advantage of this free traps"in the USA quickly discerns must for every LDS family. LDS Books offer you agree to purchase a minimum of fluff, sham, or pure commerce.

is build excellent to an Club way during or alternates selections Club such a four Cultural Center Polynesian The at substantial savings. library I am pleased time at which next twelve the months sufcharm, and only has integrity, offered fine of selection with the books a will book valuable bonus receive you

by the Club, and heartily recommend free. After purchasing four books, you ficient commerce to render effecLatter-day to any membership or further obligation without resign Saint may interested. to service tive those

family."If you membership. Club your continue of the various tours guided The will receive you continue, to choose John E. MacKay LDS BOOKS CLUB HOW TO JOIN informative a villages are highly and purchased four for books every free book

Membership is simple. Just complete and—a saving of 20%. educational. The evening perforMAKE YOUR FIRST CLUB SELECTION FROM THESE LDS BESTSELLERS mances,ful outdoorthricetheaterweekly,are inremarkablya beauti-

1. The Abundant Life 2. What Doth It Profit 3. Thoughts for 2% Minute Talks wellstaged. A core of cultural

by Hugh B. Brown by Sterling W. Sill j by Lindsay R. Curtis authenticity erases amateurism

fascilessons Timely conand Articles, of speeches and truths rhe wisdom and highly prothe show a and gives talks. for nating thoughts ference never addresses in easythe presented ages

for reading Splendid before published. forceful terms toread lights, music, Color, tone. all. fessional CTOOTim..-yemjj*--

43.95 $3.50 $3.00 falling water add their magic to

vitality of the six preof the each 6. Happiness Pathways to Persecutions 5. The issouri Mormonism4. The Magic of the evening. of sentations

by David 0. McKay by B. Stowell by Earl i'\nm\is H. Roberts

the of temple After a tour explains historical Explains the A David McKay moving dayby-day ac- * 1 1 Vl'i'INKSS

Saints heroism of the for temples. count of the operation Church. the need0. culthe college, the A grounds, and

in Missouri. classic. sacrifice for converts. prized Church Especially and

$3.50 $3.50 $3.95 tural center, one is pretty well

harmonized and tuned for the re- 7. The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo 8. The Third Thousand Years 9. Messages of the First Presidency, mainder of the Pacific crossing.

its sights, Asia, from view Skousen Cleon The by B. H. by W. Roberts Vol.11 iMfl

ir 'lanles of "'is years Seven triumph smells, well apsounds, and of SfTIfb sweeping drama official by The statements Inspiring blackened suddenly f,J! biblical the events from visit to Hawaii. from expulsion. and Brigh martyrdom Young. John proached of A time Abraham.:*: UJu;"'3JJ m|: of'''< "r: Woodruff ''Wa.PfPDEHtSf preCultural the Center Polynesian $5.95

$4.50 pares even the most satisfied Occidental with the lingering thought charge: Please without and the Negro"send "Mormonism

is that the ageold dream of the in the order Check or money amount of $ enclosed for the following regular Club selection(s): brotherhood of man, the reunion of

Circle number of your choice the family of Adam in Eden, is yet 123456789 me the monthly reviews. I hereby to be attained. The beauty and Enroll me as a member and send

agree to purchase a minimum of 4 LDS Book Club selections during the peace sensed in a Hawaii stopover next 12 months at the regular advertised price. have more than dreamlike texture.

E, It was a wonderful curtain raiser to the bustling energy seen in Osaka,

ADDRESS. Tokyo, Taipei, and Hong Kong.

CITY.STATE..ZIP. (To be continued)

1265 (signed)

1064 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New kind

of Health

Insurance

Plan Life's more fun when you feel secure against medical bills. It's twice the fun knowing

you'll get money back for staying healthy. Sick or well you must collect.

Pays you for staying well

Generous cash benefits when you re sick or hurt.,.yet money back if you stay healthy

STEADILY RISING medical costs that pays off sick or well... that says simply paying premiums which return

have put millions of Americans you must collect. nothing if you have no claims, you get

in a dangerous spot. Their present Like ordinary health insurance, this a cash refund at maturity. In effect, you

health insurance is no longer enough. plan pays generous cash benefits for have built an extra savings account.

(Latest figures released by the Americovered sickness or accidents off the Even if you use up part of the benecan Hospital Association show that the job. These benefits are paid directly fits provided for hospital room, doctor

average cost of one day's stay in a hosto you in cash... over and above bills and surgeon's fees, you still get

pital has more than doubled in recent what you get from any other insurcash back as a contingent premium years -from $18.35 to over $40.00 ance. But, unlike ordinary policies, refund when your policy matures. All

today.) with this plan you don't have to be the unused benefits come back to you

Today, when sickness or accident sick or hurt to get paid! If you stay in a lumpsum cash payment. In other

strikes, most folks will find that instead well... if you don't need the protecwords, the policy must pay pay off. You

of their health insurance paying the tion, you get money back. Instead of must collect.

big share of the bills, they have to This revolutionary policy, NC701, come up with the lion's share out of is offered by Bankers Life and Casualty their own pocket. Until now there Company as part of the famous White

have been only two ways to solve this Cross Plan of lowcost, highquality serious problem: You could gamble on protection. More than six million Amernever being sick, or take out more icans now look to the White Cross emhealth insurance that you might never blem for security and peace of mind.

use. The complete story of this remarkNow, all this is changed. The inable "money back"plan is told in the

surance company that already protects Blue Book, an interesting booklet ofmillions of individuals and families fered to readers of The Improvement from coast to coast has come up with Era absolutely free by Bankers Life and a new answer. A new kind of policy Casualty Company.

ffTo get your copy of the Blue Book, fill simply out and mail the Cash to help with hospital medical and postagefree airmail reply card bills you're sick when or hurt. in next hound to this page. There

is no cost or obligation for this service.

DECEMBER 1965 106S

For over one year now, people who don't smoke have paid less The Church for new life insurance Moves from us. On

How about you?

Does it irritate you to pay as SEPTEMBER 196S much as a heavy smoker?

Well, from our. point of view k North Boise Stake, 409th in the current roll call of stakes, was

organized from portions of Boise and West Boise (Idaho) you're a much better risk. stakes with Elder L. Aldin Porter sustained as president and Elders

So we'll give you a VarSelle Weaver and G. Fred Scott as counselors. The new stake

lower rate on new life was organized under the direction of Elder Thomas S. Monson of

the Council of the Twelve and Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, insurance. (State Mutual

assistant to there the 1930 In Twelve. nine wards two were and

stakes. in Stake. Boise comprises area is the 'first major company i branches the seven Today

to do this.) We call it our Elder B. Claire Johnson sustained as president of Boise Stake

NonSmoker Policy. succeeding President Charles O. Dunn. Elder Earl J. Glade, Jr.,

sustained as first counselor succeeding Elder Dennis E. Flake.

It's very popular. Call

Elder Kenneth H. Johns retained as second counselor.

your agent about it.

Or send us this coupon. The 123rd annual conference of the Relief Society convened

today with sessions in the Salt Lake Tabernacle and in the

Relief Society Building.

jl This was the day of departmental sessions at the Relief

Society conference.

OCTOBER 1965

With President David O. McKay presiding and speaking at

the first session, the 135th semiannual conference of the

Church began in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

As the General Authorities and officers of the Church were sustained at the afternoon session, the name of Elder Earl E.

Olson was presented as an assistant church historian. For a number of years Elder Olson, 49, has been church historian's office

librarian. He is serving as a member of the general priesthood

genealogical committee.

A missionary conference was held in the Tabernacle this evening.

Reunions of missionaries and others were held in various parts of the valley this evening and Saturday evening.

An early morning church welfare meeting convened in the

Assembly Hall on Temple Square.

Sessions of the semiannual conference continued in the Tabernacle.

The general priesthood meeting was held this evening in the

Tabernacle with the proceedings relayed by closedcircuit teleSTATE MUTUAL OF AMERICA phone connections to the Assembly Hall and 438 gatherings of

Lincoln Street 440 priesthood bearers from coast to coast and in Canada.

Mass. 01605 Worcester,

, The appointments of Mrs. Elaine B. Curtis of Salt Lake City

Dear Sirs: s 23 and Mrs. Lucile Parry Peterson of Ogden to the general board of Please your send me a folder describing

NonSmoker Policy. I understand this does the Relief Society were announced.

not obligate me in any way.

The 135th semiannual general conference of the Church conName cluded with today's afternoon session. During the three days

Address. President McKay addressed the conference on three different occasions: he gave the keynote address, he spoke during the priesthood

City session, and he was the closing speaker. ( Continued on page 1171

State..Zip Code.

1066 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA e Christmas gift that ipliments the giver, enriches the receiver.

vol: ii By Jane Lund By Hugh B. Brown, N By James R. Clark

Old Testament Ten of compilation A writstories especially articles, speeches and VV<\ OfficialBrighamstatementsYoung, Johnof to illustrated ten and to appeal children 4 to EvaImI conferencenever beforeaddressespub- %* TaylorWoodruffandduringWilfordthe 8 years of age. Delightlished. Truly leads to establishment of the

ful yet instructive an abundant spiritual Church in the Rocky reading. $2.50 life. $3.95 Mountains. Inspiring

reading. 4.50

&:< > i

jfH1 Wendell J. Ashton

'gathering superb.* *4T Sill By Sterling W.

'of experiences human WHAT Lindsay R. Curtis By as Originally written

'gives that the reader IT DOTH these addresses, radio lessons Timely and into insight the keen PROFIT to discusfascinating easy read thoughts lives of yet ordinary forcein for sions present talks firmly that are otTQjrrs outstanding men.

**,&; truths the everyful terms grounded worn, Vivid, motihighly

ftOMCi**"lives. of the splendid wisdom day and inA our lessons in charvating XAXKS great for ages. treasury Truly a and young acter development.

book. $3.50 old. $3.00 $3.25

B BOOKS OF REMEMBRANCE

A perfect family Christmas gift

Every family should have a Book of Remembrance in which to file family group sheets sent to the Genealogical Society under the current threegeneration and future genea- %m logical programs. Church authorities recomBooKOfK- Rftjtee mend that each family's Book of Remembrance

be compiled in acceptable form before the end of 1966.

A. Deluxe gold embossed vinyl binder.

Available in black, brown or white.

Please specify color when ordering. $6.00

LDS Church History FLASHCARDS B. Elegant white vinyl ring binder with gold

300 cards with question on one side embossed title and Angel Moroni. $5.00

and the answer on the other. Includes

directions for 1 5 entertaining and C. Handsome leatherette binder. Available

instructive games. An excellent gift for in black, green or blue. Please specify color

young and old. $2.95 when ordering. $1.25

Order from your nearest Bookcraft dealer, or use mail order coupon on the following page.

y'?ft/stftH/

k

most thoughtful and '.% A

welcome Christmas gift.

'>! A\ IfinyHi;!li,iC snssmof WUVOOI ran! T

tffcHUMS STORIES lvtnkvk siicnl oi s f/A A 2l>/ CI jC YOU MMHnUMHHBMHi flKr Aj*, WWPROPHETa >VII 1WAYS * PRINCIPLES AND to

NATIONAL SURVIVAL -IAPP1NICSS

MOIfcMOUff5jCTrt

/', L

K CUT0* SKOUSEN *y MUVJN ft. HMOOttf

7. 77ie Magic of Mormonism reference compiled and a Prophet of the Lord. of the restored Gospel.

by Earl Stowell arranged by Milton R. Hunter. Excellent reading for any Vol. I $5.00 Vol. II $3.50

Especially written for converts Printed in England on the member of the Church. $4.50

highest quality India paper. 19. 18, The to the Story helpful Mormon This Church. 14. to Happiness Pathways Indexed. $13.50 S. Rulon Howells by explains a book dayby-day on David O. by McKay

in to basis easy understand illustrated Fully with hundreds Were You U.Ifl classic in prized Church A language in happens what of photos, charts, and maps direction of Compiled under literature available from now the why. Church and in $3.50 beautiful color. Availmany Presiding Bishop's Office authoritative Bookcraft. This

in able English, Spanish, 8. Stories That Never Old Grow to Especially stimuwritten on volume temple modern French, Norwegian, Finnish late just Joyce by in Bowen direct ordinances young embarkexplains Maughan men German. and life's into ing journey on for the language need collection thoughtfully of A EnglishOrder 18 $2.95 I "If manhood. temples. Were You"$3.95 stories selected to help children Other languagesspiritual to keys gives and religious strong develop con15. Fall Rise of The and Nauvoo 19 Order $3.95 success. vocational Highly victions. Delightful instrucand B. H. by Roberts reading. recommended $2.25 20. to tive for reading children the Future Prophecy—Key insight Gives intimate you an

12. to 4 by Duane Crowther $2.25 12. Persecution Missouri The into city the beau- "Nauvoo—

9. Treasured Quotes and Verse by B. H. Roberts tiful."Seven years of triumph Knowledge of the future as

for Latterday Saints Mob outrages met by quiet suddenly blackened by the revealed by ancient and modheroism and noble sacrifice. martyrdom of the Prophet and ern prophets. This intensely

fascinating interprets book and of subsequent reproducing Appendices the expulsion the thoughts of Read great explains of facet each histories enMissouri Saints. the County $3.95 every age. minds from Explore prophecy. 95 $3. book's hance documentary ideas that no national have 16. Encyclopedia, Reference LDS value. truly moving theA all limitations. 21. For Third speak, The Years Thousand who I Vol.

historical account. $3.50 teach, in or are interested Cleon Skousen by W. 17. II Vol.

is this ideas, great the book. Life 13. Wilford of The Woodruff Following author's the best

in detail topics such as Covers Clearcut crackling. and $3.95 F. Matthias by Cowley seller, First Years,""The 2000 history, doctrine, biography

this the continues clear volume 10. Missionary reprint important of Reference of Bible one An geography. invaluable and An

of explanation the sweeping soughtafter biomost the with Biblical a Complete for aid teachers students new and graphical account of the life of

BOOK OF MORMON

of PRICE

BOOK OP MORMON fS)@fltf&M!

D.\Jov* MA

ts a\ *>. J&4&J? HIOM

SMITH

STOHY

drama of biblical events from that he is a witness to the fact 1265 the time of Abraham. $5.95 that God does work through

22. Prophets, Principles and His Priesthood. $3.98

National Survival 25. A Race Against Time

by Gerald L. Newquist by Ezra Taft Benson

Read what Presidents of the Emphasizes concern for the BOOKCRAFT

Church and other General United States due to forces 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Authorities have said about the which work to compromise and important issues and questions join the ideologies of comthat face our nation and munism and democracy. $3.98

the world. $4.95 Please send the following circled books:

26. of Mormon, Book $64.95

27. Doctrine and Covenants, $34.95 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13

RecordingsAlbums and Single Triple 28. Combination, $99.50 14 15 16 17 18 19 language

r.p.m.) 33-1/3 (all records Pearl of 29. Great Price, $11.95

30. Jesus the Christ, $59.90 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29

Profile23. of a Prophet 1. Testament, 3 New $49.95

B. by Brown Hugh Lift 32. and Sing 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 stereo... hifi Your Voice Up

This recorded discussion with a 34 Primary Songs, $3.00 37 Books of Remembrances A color B

Stories for concludes 33. Book judge of Mormon from England C color Flashcards

Children, 7 record album, Smith qualifies $19.95 that Joseph

as a prophet of God. $3.98 34. Joseph Smith Story, $3.98 for which I enclose check ( ) money order ( ) for

Call the Prophets, 35. from A24. Miracles $ (In Utah, please add 3'A% sales tax) Paul H. Dunn, by $3.98 by Matthew Cowley Sing Along 36. Night Family

and Cowley defines Matthew HiFi Stereo $4.98, $3.98 Name

miracles. explains He testifies in 37. His Place, Every Man

by Paul Royall, $3.98 Addr

Order from your nearest Bookcraft dealer or from Bookcraft City, State, Zip

Make This a "Give and Take"Christmas With a.

POLAROID GeneralIndexConference

INSTANT -PICTURE // SPEAKERS Benson, Ezra Taft 1150 Brockbank, Bernard P 1157 Brown, Hugh B 1103 Brown, Victor L 1133 Burton, Theodore M 1141 CAMERA Christiansen, EIRay L 1134

Critchlow, William J., Jr 1119

Dunn, Paul H 1147 Dyer, Alvin R 1113 Richard L... from STANDARD OPTICAL Evans,Hanks, Marion D, 11211148

Hinckley, Gordon B 1123, 1143 Hunter, 1145 Howard Hunter, Milton W 1137 R Isaacson, 1108 Thorpe the give most You wanted Kimball, Spencer 1130 WB 1152 Lee, Harold B all gift of give a when you 1160 1072, 1101, David McKay, Polaroid camera. And you Monson,Petersen, ThomasMark ES 11581128

take the most exciting and Richards,Richards, LeGrandFranklin D 11561139 enjoyable pictures of all Romney, Marion G 1115 1125 W 1136 L when you take Polaroid picSill,Simpson,Sterling:Robert

Smith, Eldred G 1117 tures that you can look at Smith, Joseph Fielding 1107

Sonne, Alma 1118 as soon as they're taken. Stapley, Delbert L 1111

Tanner, N. Eldon 1105

Black and white in 10 secTuttle, A. Theodore 1116

onds... color in 60... Vandenberg, John H 1154

automatically! SUBJECTS

Alcoholism 1108 America 1103, 1150 1152 THE SWINGER—the newest, most economical Polaroid. Takes *,q q AssociatesApostasy 1117 black & white pictures as easily and quickly as a box camera. 'Birth Control 1107

1137 Young llflO MODEL 104 - takes both color MODEL 103 - Like the 104 only BookBrighamCharacterof Mormon 1128, 1157 and black and white $49.95 many plus features $69.95 Chastity 1107

We Also Have Models 101 and 100 and All Polaroid Accessories ChurchCommunism 1111, 11451101

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1 a Week! Constitution,Discipline US 11031133

Education 1123 Eternal Life 1115 Exaltation 1125

1158 Come in Nov/ ExperienceFastingFellowmen 1156 or Order by HolyFree AgencyGhost 1111, 1115, 11011137

Home 1121, 1123, 1147 Phone or Mail IdealsIndians 11171130

Israel (country) 1128 Jesus Christ 1118, 1158, 1160 Joseph Smith 1150 Law 1103, 1105, 1113 Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main155 S. Main2190 Highland Dr. Man'sMarriageDestiny 1107, 1117, 11251134

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd. - Provo: 161 W. Center St. MissionariesMorals 11431133

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue ObediencePatriotism 1105, 1103,1113, 11161123

Peace 1101 Persecution 1152 Prayer 1136, 1157 Priesthood 1101, 1116, 1119, 1141, 1145

Progression 1156 Prophecy 1128 Prophets 1139 Resolution 1160 Responsibility 1133, 1141 Revelation 1113, 1136 Riches 1154 Servicemen 1143, 1147NEVMSbl Sin 1116

... and just in time for Christmas giving—Testimony 1136, 1137

or to get your own Family Home Evening off TithingTrials 1152,, 11541156 1119 outWomen year. This coming start for theto a good

of 1108 Word Wisdom record the Elizabeth singalong bystanding 1111, 1139, 1157 Fair World's

White singers, complete with songhook, conYouth 1116, 1123, 1133, 1147, 1148 tains nearly all of the selections suggested for Taylor,NOTE:andEldersBoyd K.JohnPacker,Longden,assistantsHenryto theD.

next year's lessons. $3.98 postpaid from Twelve; and Presidents Antoine R. Ivins, S.

First the Council of the Seventy did not address DIVISION OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES, Dilworth Young, and Bruce R. McConkie of conference. the

291 HRCB BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY,

PROVO, UTAH 84601

1070 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Letters 4 and Reports

NORWEGIAN LEADER

IS GOLDEN GLEANER How can Bigelow carpet help your church?

The Golden Gleaner award has been earned in Norway by mission MIA presiAsk your architect. He can tell you that day's new Mormon church buildings.

dent Alfhild Aanensen, Oslo Second fine carpet, like Bigelow, absorbs noise And loomed with 100% continuous filaBranch. Sister Aanensen has been a memto create an atmosphere of serenity. ment nylon pile, Cordridge will give

is five years only of the and Churchber years years of wear. and can demonstrate how carpet And he

in Norway. Gleanerthe Golden second suit carpet to There's a Bigelow actually and saves on maintenance is second Aanensen husband AanenHer building, public church, every home. costs. cleaning A. to President Mission Deancounselor

Peterson. Finally, no one need tell you what Bigelow has or can customcreate the

carpet can do for appearance. The disperfect carpet. We've done it since 1825.

tree tinctive of texture Cordridge bark

EAGLES FOLLOW its is esof 16 colors, (above), in any 4 CARPETS RUGSAMBITIOUS 1825 SINCE of to the adaptable EXAMPLES pecially decor toBigelow

Two Scouts who received the Eagle award in Whittier (California) Third

Ward recently will need a man's stride to match the footsteps of the previous eleven Eagle Scouts in their ward.

The two new Eagles are highschool Preserve the Inspiration of sophomore Royce Neilson and freshman

Dexter Barr.

Setting the pace are post presidentDennis Newsome, high school senior and The Improvement Era assistant scoutmaster: Bob Newsome,

comPaul freshman; Lindorf, whoBYU In Beautifully Bound Volumes

before he requirements his Eaglepleted was 14 and has been Guide Patrol assistant scoutmaster; Mansur Ward, scholarship winner who is a junior in high The Mountain West's finest bindery and

school; Ronald Gould, now printing house is prepared to bind your

attending Punahou School in collected Improvement Era's into fine

Allen Kidd,Honolulu; who hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

at Ful- a yearhas completed lerton Junior College and editions you wish bound to the Deseret

Ricks College and is hoping News Press.

for a mission call; Allen Jensen, premed student at Ful- + ii 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

lerton Junior College, also Royce payment must accompany all orders and assignment; mission aawaiting include Please postage if volumes are scholarship athletic BYULeo Linning, mail. to be returned by of past president and winner

the Varsity Football Club.

Bruce Lindorf, now a POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH a missionary, won Swedish 1.05 Zone 5

to MassaScholarship Sloan 1.20 6 1 & 2 65 of Institute Techchusetts

1.40 7 3 75 Carlson was Carl nology.

8 1.60 4 85

this from year graduated Dexter BYU with a Fulbright fellowship for advanced Asian study. He

is currently at Yale University. David

Mickel, first Eagle in the ward, is a BYU linguistics major, member of International

Folk Dancers, and worked with the studentbody vicepresident of student relations. 1600 Empire Road

Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1965 1071—an eternal principle of progress

Because of the deep significance of President McKay's and keep his commandments.

talk given in the opening session of the October gen- I cannot get my thoughts off the fact that there are eral conference, and with his permission, we present two great forces in the world more potent than ever it as his Editors Page this month. before, each force more determined to achieve success, more active in planning, and, on the one side,

Brethren and sisters: It is truly a joy to meet with scheming, than ever before.

you. I want to take this opportunity to thank you These two great forces are hate and love. Hate

and to tell you how grateful I am for your thoughthad its origin in our preexistent state. There is a

ful solicitations and your faith and prayers. God bless significant reference in the Apocalypse to "a war in

every one of you for your integrity and devotion to heaven."(Rev. 12:4.) It is not only significant, but

the work of the Lord! It is an honor and a continual seemingly contradictory, for we think of heaven as a

joy to be associated with you in the Church of Jesus celestial abode of bliss, an impossible condition where

Christ. war and contention could exist. The passage is signifiWe are grateful for the blessings of the Lord to his cant because it implies a freedom of choice and of

Church in all the world, for the assurance of his divine action in the spirit world. In the Pearl of Great Price

guidance and inspiration. With deep gratitude we we are given this account: "Wherefore, because that

acknowledge in your presence the Lord's nearness Satan rebelled against me, and sought to destroy the and his goodness, and in that spirit of prayerful apagency of man, which I, the Lord God, had given him, preciation, proclaim that our souls respond in harand also, that I should give unto him mine own mony with the glorious vision given to the Prophet power; by the power of mine Only Begotten, I caused

Joseph Smith, that he should be cast down;

"Hear, O ye heavens, and give ear, O earth, and "And he became Satan, yea, even the devil, the rejoice ye inhabitants thereof, for the Lord is God, father of all lies, to deceive and to blind men, and and beside him there is no Savior. to lead them captive at his will, even as many as

"Great is his wisdom, marvelous are his ways, and would not hearken unto my voice."(Moses 4:3-4.

the extent of his doings none can find out.... Italics added.)

"For thus saith the Lord—I, the Lord, am merciful Two things you will note in that passage: one, that

and gracious unto those who fear me, and delight Satan was determined to destroy the free agency of to honor those who serve me in righteousness and man. Free agency is a gift of God. It is part of his

truth unto the end."(D&C 76:1-2, 5.) divinity. The second point is that he desired to sup-

I deeply sense my inadequacy in trying to express plant God. I quote, "Give me thy glory."(See ibid.,

in words the message I have in my heart this morn- 4:1.)

ing. I earnestly pray for your help and assistance, The world does not comprehend the significance

and especially for the inspiration of the Lord, that of that divine gift to the individual. It is as inherent

we may sense his presence during this opening sesas intelligence which, we are told, has never been sion and all the sessions of this conference. I am nor can be created.

delighted to see these doorways crowded by interIn the spirit of hate, as is manifest today in the ested listeners. It is a sight we all should take to world, the very existence of God is denied, the free

heart, a manifestation of those who love the Lord agency of man is taken from him, and the power of

1072 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE EDITOR'S PAGE inhibits its free exercise is wrong. Satan's plan in

BY PRESIDENT the beginning was one of coercion, and it was rejected

DAVID O. MCKAY because he sought to destroy the agency of man which

God had given him.

When man uses this Godgiven right to encroach upon the rights of another, he commits a wrong.

Liberty becomes license, and the man, a transgressor. It is the function of the state to curtail the

violator and to protect the individual.

Next to the bestowal of life itself, the right to direct our lives is God's greatest gift to man. Freedom of

choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give. It is inherent in the spirit of man. It

the state supplanted. I do not know that there was is a divine gift to every normal being. Whether born

ever a time in the history of mankind when the Evil in abject poverty or shackled at birth by inherited

One seemed so determined to take from man his riches, everyone has the most precious of all life's freedom. endowments—the gift of free agency, man's inherited

A fundamental principle of the gospel is free and inalienable right. It is the impelling source of

agency, and references in the scriptures show that the soul's progress. It is the purpose of the Lord that

this principle ( 1 ) is essential to man's salvation; and man become like him. In order for man to achieve

(2) may become a measuring rod by which the this, it was necessary for the Creator first to make actions of men, of organizations, of nations may be him free. To man is given a special endowment, not

judged. bestowed upon any other living thing. God gave to

"Therefore,"we are told in the scripture, "cheer him the power of choice. Only to the human being

up your hearts, and remember that ye are free to did the Creator say: "... thou mayest choose for

act for yourselves—to choose the way of everlasting thyself, for it is given unto thee;..."(Moses 3:17.)

death or the way of eternal life."(2 Nephi 10:23.) Without this divine power to choose, humanity can-

"For the earth is full, and there is enough and to not progress.

spare; yea, I prepared all things, and have given unto With free agency, however, there comes responthe children of men to be agents unto themselves."sibility. If man is to be rewarded for righteousness

(D&C 104:17.) and punished for evil, then common justice demands

"Therefore, it is not right that any man should be that he be given the power of independent action.

in bondage one to another. A knowledge of good and evil is essential to man's

"And for this purpose have I established the Conprogress on earth. If he were coerced to do right at

stitution of this land, by the hands of wise men all times or were helplessly enticed to commit sin, he whom I raised up unto this very purpose, and rewould merit neither a blessing for the first nor pundeemed the land by the shedding of blood."(Ibid., ishment for the second. Man's responsibility is cor101:7980.) respondingly operative with his free agency. Actions

"My independence is sacred to me,"said Brigham in harmony with divine law and the laws of nature

Young, "it is a portion of that same Deity that rules will bring happiness, and those in opposition to divine in the heavens. There is not a being upon the face truth, misery. Man is responsible not only for every

of the earth who is made in the image of God, who deed, but also for every idle word and thought.

stands erect and is organized as God is, that would Freedom of the will and the responsibility assobe deprived of the free exercise of his agency so far ciated with it are fundamental aspects of Jesus'teachas he does not infringe upon other's rights, save by ings. Throughout his ministry he emphasized the

good advice and a good example."(Discourses of worth of the individual and exemplified what is now

Brigham Young, 1943 ed., p. 62.) expressed in modern revelation as "his work and his

The history of the world with all its contention and glory."(Moses 1:39.) Only through the divine gift of

strife is largely an account of man's effort to free soul freedom is such progress possible.

himself from bondage and usurpation. Force rules in the world today. Individual freeMan's free agency is an eternal principle of progdom is threatened by international rivalries and false

ress, and any form of government that curtails or political ideals. Unwise (Continued on page 1096)

DECEMBER 1965 1073 Thoughts on Christ and Christmas

Believing the word of God, I had confidence in the declaration of James—"If any of you lack

wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not, and it shall be given him."[James 1:5.] I retired to a secret place in a grove,

and began to call upon the Lord;

while fervently engaged in supplication, my mind was taken away from the objects with which I was surby rounded, and I was enwrapped in a heavenly vision, and saw two glorious personages, who exactly resembled each other in features and likeness [see Heb. Presidents 1:1-3], surrounded with a brilliant light which eclipsed

the sun at noon day. They told me that all religious

denominations were believing in incorrect doctrines, and that none of them was acknowledged of God as of the His Church and kingdom and I was expressly commanded "to go not after them "at the same time receiving a promise that the fullness of the Gospel should at some future time be made known unto me. Church JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET,

LETTER IN THE WENTWORTH (DHC, 4, 536.)

1074 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And now, after the many testimonies which have from the ruins of the fall, to deliver them from the been given of him, this is the testimony, last of all, power of death to which all peoples had been subwhich we give of him: That he lives! jected by the transgression of a law, and He Himself

For we saw him, even on the right hand of God; took the initiatory in this matter, and offered himself,

and we heard the voice bearing record that he is the the Son of God, as competent propitiation for the sins of the FatherOnly Begotten of the world. PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR3, 1881 SALT JULY LAKE TABERNACLE, That and through him, and of him, the by him,

worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants (JD, 22, 140.)

thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God.

Jesus says, "Take my yoke upon you and learn of

PROPHET, JOSEPH SMITH, THE I for of shall heart, me, and lowly you and meek am RIGDON AND SIDNEY 76:2224.) (Dae rest find souls."to the your placed yoke was What

upon the followers of Jesus? Precisely the same as

The Latterday Saints believe that placed upon you.... The word was "Go forth

in Jesus Christ, the only begotten in my name and with my authority, and my Spirit

Son of the Father, who came in shall accompany you."And it did, and the people

the meridian of time, performed became one in faith, doctrine and principle, just as his work, suffered the penalty the scriptures say. "Take my yoke upon you."What

and paid the debt of man's origiwas it? Said he, "Blessed are the meek, for they

nal sin by offering up himself, shall inherit the earth; blessed are the pure in heart

was resurrected from the dead, for they shall see God; blessed are they that hunger

and ascended to his Father;... and thirst after righteousness for they shall be filled."

Jesus was appointed from the beginning, to die for This was the kind of yoke Jesus put upon them, and our redemption, and he suffered an excruciating this is the kind that is put upon you—to love righteousdeath on. the cross.... ness, keep the commands of God, live your religion

Our faith is concentrated in the Son of God, and and obey the principles of truth....

through him in the Father; and the Holy Ghost is

PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR7, 1872 OCT. CONFERENCE,their minister to bring truths to our remembrance,... SEMIANNUAL

My faith is placed upon the Lord Jesus Christ, and (JD, 15, 218.)

my knowledge I have received from him....

I testify that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior and I have always looked upon the

Redeemer of the world; I have obeyed his sayings, life of our Savior—who descended

and realized his promise, and the knowledge I have beneath all things that He might of him, the wisdom of this world cannot give, neither rise above all things—as an excan it take awav.1 PRESIDENT BRIGHAM

(DISCOURSES OF BRIGHAM YOUNG, PP. YOUNG26, 27.) itamplehas always,for His infollowers.one senseAndof theyet

word, seemed strange to me that

Jesus came here according to the Son of God, the First Begotthe foreordained plan and purten in the eternal worlds of the pose of God, pertaining to the Father, and the Only Begotten in the flesh, should human family, as the Only Behave to descend to the earth and pass through what gotten of the Father full of grace He did—born in a stable, cradled in a manger, perseand truth. He came to offer himcuted, afflicted, scorned,... There was apparently

self a sacrifice, the just for the nothing that the Savior could do that was acceptable unjust; to meet the requirements in the eyes of the world; anything and almost everyof a broken law, which the human thing he did was imputed to an unholy influence.

family were incapable of meeting, to rescue them When He cast out devils the people said he did it

DECEMBER 1965 1075 through the power of Beelzebub, the prince of devils; secret of his prosperity; and herein lies the secret

when he opened the eyes of the blind, the Pharisees of the prosperity of every individual who works upon and priests of the day told the man to "give God the the same principle.

is thisglory; so all a sinner."we know And man his PRESIDENT LORENZO SNOW9, 1869 OCTOBER NEW TABERNACLE,life cross. his of to the the through day death upon

There is something about all this that appears sorrow- (JD, 13, 254.)

ful; but it seemed necessary for the Savior to descend When Jesus came, He came as a sacrifice not simply

below all things that he might ascend above all in the interest of Israel,... but in the interest of the

things.... whole human family, that in Him all men might be

Do we comprehend that if we abide the laws of blessed, that in Him all men might be saved; and

the Priesthood we shall become heirs of God and His mission was to make provision by which the whole jointheirs with Jesus Christ? I realize that our eyes human family might receive the benefits of the everhave not seen, our ears have not heard, neither hath it lasting gospel,... not alone those dwelling upon the

entered into our hearts to conceive the glory that is in earth, but those also in the spirit world.

store for the faithful. We are placed in a position to be

proven and tried; we must be, we have been, we shall (THE DESERETPRESIDENTNEWS, JANUARYLORENZO31, 1883,SNOWP. 18.)

be, until we get through with our labors in the flesh.... [Christmas] has had the effect

Jesus Christ abode in the covenant; he kept all the of turning men's thoughts to Him

commandments while he was upon the earth. He [Christ] and to his doctrines and

even was baptized by the hands of John, although it works. We are apt to forget the

was not for the remission of sin, but to fulfill all character of the structure which righteousness. There was no part of the Gospel that he built; and some are even prone

Christ did not fulfill.... to consider that his ideals are impracticable. said that Men have PRESIDENT WILFORD WOODRUFF

10, 1882 KAYSVILLE, UTAH, DECEMBER are he taught the theories which <JD, 23, 327, 330.)

beautiful, but that under modern arrangements, these cannot be put into practice....

Yet now he is of all value, and exercises all influit was iWP n Jesus, while travelling here on ence, for only through him are we saved. But

earth, fulfilling his mission, told not the influence of wealth, nor the lavish gifts of the people he did not perform the gold that made him rich and gave him power. It was

miracles he wrought in their the spirit of his Father, the wealth of his inner midst by his own power, nor by soul....

his own wisdom; but he was During this holiday season,... are... souls who

there in order to accomplish the enter into the enjoyment of the rich blessings, and will of his Father. He came not to who do their full share to glorify the life of their

seek the glory of men, and the fellows. I believe that among no other community are

honor of men; but to seek the honor and glory of his as many of this class, in proportion, to be found as

Father that sent him. Said he, "I am come in my among the Latterday Saints.... All classes may well

Father's name, and ye receive me not, if another shall find profit in the spirit of Christmas, and by good come in his own name, him ye will receive."deeds or blessed sacrifice seek for that gift of inward

Now, the peculiarity of his mission, and that which wealth to be found by a close study of the life, chardistinguished it from other missions, was this: he came acter and gospel of Jesus Christ, and by adherence to

not to seek the glory and honor of men, but to seek his doctrines.

the honor and glory of his Father, and to accomplish PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH

the work of his Father who sent him. Herein lay the (THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER 1904, PP. 146, 148.)

1076 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA No one ever lived upon the Therefore, at this season of the year, let personal earth who exerted the same infludiscords be forgotten and animosities banished. Let

ence upon the destinies of the rejoicing be heartfelt but not boisterous. Let gift

world as did our Lord and Savior giving be as generous as circumstances will allow,

Jesus Christ; and yet he was born but not extravagant. Let the hearts of the children

in obscurity, cradled in a manger. be made glad, and let us live that the spirit of the

He chose for his Apostles poor, Prince of Peace may dwell in our homes.

... unlettered fishermen. NinePRESIDENT SMITH ALBERT GEORGE

1947, (THE P. 797.) IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER more] years [and teen hundred

have passed and gone since his crucifixion, and yet all over the world, in spite of all strife and chaos, there is still burning in the hearts of millions of people a testimony of the divinity of the work that he acThis is the season when men's complished.... hearts turn to the event [Christ's

I want to say to the Latterday Saints that it bebirth] at Bethlehem.

hooves us, having received a testimony of the divinity Bethlehem, to be sure, is the of the work in which we are engaged, so to order our scene of many important events lives from day to day that glory shall be brought to in Biblical history. Its first menthe work of God by the good deeds that we perform, tion in the Bible is in connection

so letting our light shine that men, seeing our good with the death of Rachel, over deeds, shall glorify God. No people upon the face of seventeen hundred years before

the earth have ever been blessed as have been the Christ was born. It was the home of Boaz and Naomi,

Latterday Saints; no people have ever had the maniand there was consummated the beautiful story of

festations of the kindness and mercy and longRuth. Eleven hundred years, or thereabouts, before

suffering of God that have been bestowed upon us the birth of Christ we read of Bethlehem as the home and I say we, above all men and women upon the of David's house, and it was at Bethlehem that the earth, should live Godlike and upright lives. Prophet found David tending his sheep and anointed

that shepherd boy to be ruler of Judea and of J. PRESIDENT GRANT HEBER

76S.) 713, 1940, PP. ERA, DECEMBER (THE IMPROVEMENT... Israel.

In the Old Testament book of Micah, the fifth chapter, Bethlehem is mentioned by the prophet as the birthplace of the promised Messiah....

The promises of the Lord can The name Beit Lalm means the house ot n d or be relied upon in the future as food. Throughout the ages this area has been known

they have been in the past. Each as one of the most fruitful spots in Palestine. It is

passing year brings us nearer the interesting to note that the primeval wheat, from date of his coming in power and which our cultivated wheat comes, has been found glory. True, the hour and the day, near Bethlehem in its native state. I like to associate

no man knoweth. But the duty of the thought that primeval Bethlehem, where grows

the Latterday Saints is to watch the plant from which we get our bread—the staff of

and pray, being valiant for the life, brought forth also the Bread of Life that sustains truth and abounding in good works. Despite the disthe spirit.

content in the world and the apparent growth of the I bear testimony to you that Christ's truths are as power of evil, those who continue to stand in holy applicable to the world today as to the people among places can discern through it all the handiwork of the whom he walked and talked.

Lord in the consummation of his own purposes. The

O. DAVID McKAY PRESIDENT

991.) 886, I960, PP. ERA, DECEMBERAlmighty reigns and will continue to reign! (THE IMPROVEMENT

DECEMBER 1965 1077 Joseph Fielding Smith, Thorpe Appointed to First Presidency

Citing the increased work that has come to the President Smith was born in Salt Lake City, July

First Presidency through the rapid growth of the 19, 1876. At the time of his birth his father Joseph F.

Church, President David 0. McKay on October 29, Smith was a member of the Council of the Twelve.

1965 announced the appointment of two additional Later he was chosen to be a member of the First counselors to serve in the First Presidency. They are Presidency and became the sixth President of the

President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of Church.

the Twelve and President Thorpe Beal Isaacson, who After completing his formal education at the old has served as an assistant to the Twelve since OcLDS University in Salt Lake City, young Joseph tober 1961. The Quorum'of the First Presidency now Fielding Smith fulfilled a mission to Great Britain.

consists of President McKay and his counselors PresiIn 1906 he was sustained as an assistant church hisdents Hugh B. Brown, N. Eldon Tanner, Joseph torian, where he served until 1921, when he was susFielding Smith, and Thorpe B. Isaacson. tained as church historian, a position he holds today.

Neither President Smith nor President Isaacson Meanwhile at the April 1910 general conference, needs to be introduced to the membership of the he was sustained as a member of the Council of the

Church. For many years both have labored tirelessly Twelve, where he joined Elder David O. McKay, who

in their assignments in the church offices, as well as had been first sustained in that office four years meeting with the* Saints each weekend at stake earlier. They have served together in the leading

conferences. councils of the Church for more than fiftyfive years.

1078 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA B. Isaacson

BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL. JR.

RESEARCH EDITOR

President Smith has had wide experience in geneaters. After her passing he married Jessie Ella Evans

logical activity. He has served in most of the offices in April 1938.

of the Genealogical Society of the Church, including President David O. McKay has announced that

being its president. He has served in the presidency of President Smith will continue to maintain his status

the Salt Lake Temple for nearly twenty years and as as president of the Twelve.

president of that temple for four years. President Isaacson was born in Ephraim, Utah,

In the Church he is a scriptorian without peer. His September 6, 1898 of pioneer heritage. He attended

popular "Your Question"has been a welcomed addiSnow Academy, Brigham Young University, Utah tion to the pages of The Improvement Era since May State Agricultural College (now Utah State Uni1953. It would be difficult to find a subject of church versity), and the University of California. He was in

doctrine or history that President Smith has not education for a number of years and has been a written extensively upon in magazine articles, pamsuccessful insurance executive for many years.

phlets, and books. He has long been a member of the As a young man President Isaacson served as

Board of Trustees of Brigham Young University. president of an elders'quorum and as a worker in

He married Louie Emyla Shurtliff in April 1898. the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association.

He was widowed with two small daughters. In NoHe was called to fulltime activity in the Church

vember 1908 he married Ethel Georgina Reynolds, in December 1946, when he was appointed second who became the mother of five sons and four daughcounselor to Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards. At

DECEMBER 1965 1079 that time he was serving as first counselor in the operations, and consequently visited France, Italy,

Yale (Salt Lake City) Ward bishopric. He possessed Israel, Lebanon, Turkey, and Iran. He was recently

the keen insight and viewpoint of youth (at Snow appointed consultant to the United States CommisAcademy he had been captain of the basketball team sioner of Education. He is also serving as a member

and had been named to the allstate team, and he of Utah's Little Hoover Commission.

had coached high school teams ), but he also possessed He married Lula Maughan Jones in June 1920. The

a priceless gift: he knew the way of assisting the couple have been blessed with two sons ( one of whom

adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood to find is deceased) and a daughter.

more purpose in life. The Improvement Era joins the membership of the

He served as first counselor to Presiding Bishop Church in welcoming President Smith and President

Joseph L. Wirthlin after Elder Richards was called to Isaacson into the leading council of the Church.

the Twelve. The Church well remembers his great The appointment of two additional counselors in

pronouncements on such subjects as prayer and the the First Presidency by President McKay is not withrightful place of women, as he has spoken in general out precedent in church history. The recorded story

and stake conference sessions. of the Church is sketchy at times. But when one reMany a bishop and stake leader has received addicalls the history, it is marvelous that so much of it has

tional strength for his task after listening to President been preserved.

Isaacson, in an early Sabbathmorning meeting, desAt a given time the number of brethren who stand cribe in detail how the responsibilities of leadership at the head of the Church has been by no means conshould be distributed, making the "yoke easy"and stant. As the Church was organized in April 1830,

the "burden light"an accomplished fact. Joseph Smith, Jr., was sustained as First Elder and

President Isaacson has served for twelve years on Oliver Cowdery as Second Elder. The Prophet was

the Board of Trustees, Utah State University, and was sustained January 25, 1832 as President of the High seven times elected president of the board. He was also Priesthood at a conference which was held at Amappointed a member of the Board of Regents, Uniherst, Ohio.

versity of Utah. Frederick G. Williams was called by revelation as

He has given of his time to civic and government a counselor to Joseph Smith in March 1832. (D&C

service. For fifteen years he was a director of the 81:1.)

Utah Symphony. Several years ago he was assigned Popularly it is thought that the First Presidency

by the federal government to inspect foreignaid began to function March 18, 1833 as Elders Sidney

1080 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Rigdon and Williams were set apart as counselors to 1868 and 1857), Lorenzo Snow, Brigham Young, Jr.,

the Prophet. They were in fact counselors in the Albert Carrington, John W. Young, and George Q.

presidency of the High Priesthood. The record states: Cannon. Prior to this sustaining, President Young said

"Elder Rigdon expressed a desire that himself and "he had now two counselors to aid him as President

Brother Frederick G. Williams should be ordained of the Church, and he purposed selecting five more,

to the offices to which they had been called, viz., According to the order of the Church, he had the

those of Presidents of the High Priesthood, and to be privilege of having seven brethren to act in this caequal in holding the keys of the kingdom with Brother pacity."(Millennial Star, 35 [May 13, 1873], 292.)

Joseph Smith, Jun., according to the revelation given At the October 1873 conference Brigham Young

on the 8th of March, 1833. [See ibid., 90:6.] Accordwas sustained as "Prophet, Seer, and Revelator, and

ingly I laid my hands on Brothers Sidney and FredPresident of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday erick, and ordained them to take part with me in Saints in all the world.

holding the keys of this last kingdom, and to assist in "George A. Smith, Daniel H. Wells, Lorenzo Snow,

the Presidency of the High Priesthood, as my CounBrigham Young, Jr., Albert Carrington, John W.

selors...."(DHC, 1, 334.) Young, George Q. Cannon, Counselors to President

One of the great responsibilities of the First PresiYoung."(Journal History, October 8, 1873, p. 2.)

dency today is the presidency of the High Priesthood. No one was designated as first, second, or seventh

The words "First Presidency"had been used in a counselor, revelation in November 1831. (D&C 68:15, 19, 22, President Young was in southern Utah in April

The term "First Presidency"as it is understood today 1874, and the annual conference was not held until was used as early as August 17, 1835, when, during a May. There were sustained: "George A. Smith and

"general assembly of the Church"at Kirtland, "Oliver Daniel H. Wells, counsellors to President Brigham

Cowdery and Sidney Rigdon, members of the First Young.

Presidency, (Presidents Joseph Smith, Jun., and Fred- "Lorenzo Snow, Brigham Young, Jr., Albert Carerick G. Williams being absent on a visit to the Saints rington, John W. Young, and George Q. Cannon,

in Michigan,)... proceeded to organize the whole Assistant Counsellors to President Brigham Young."

assembly...."(DHC, 2, 243.) (Ibid., May 9, 1874, p. 1.)

There are four of the brethren listed in that First Following the death of President George A. Smith,

Presidency. at the October 1876 conference "John W. Young and

At a conference of the "whole Church"at Kirtland, Daniel H. Wells,"were presented as "counselors to

Sunday, September 3, 1837: President Brigham Young."That left four assistant

"President Smith then presented Sidney Rigdon and counselors. ( Ibid., October 7, 1876, p. 2.

Frederick G. Williams as his counselors, and to conFollowing the death of President Brigham Young,

stitute with himself the three first Presidents of the Elders John W. Young and Wells were sustained as

Church.... "Counselors to the Twelve Apostles."(Ibid., October

"President Smith then introduced Oliver Cowdery, 6, 1877, p. 2; April 8, 1878, p. 1.) The four recent

Joseph Smith, Sen. [his father], Hyrum Smith [his assistant counselors took their places in the Council

brother], and John Smith [his uncle] for assistant of the Twelve: Elders Snow, Brigham Young, Jr.,

counselors. These last four, together with the first Carrington, and Cannon.

three, are to be considered the heads of the Church. Elders John W. Young and Wells were sustained as

Carried unanimously."(Ibid., 2, 509.) "counselors to the Twelve Apostles"for many years.

When a President dies, the Twelve are the head, Elder Young absented himself for a time in the East functioning until that quorum meet specifically to on personal business, but was resustained. Elder

select a new President of the Church. Following the Wells was sustained for the last time in October 1890,

martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph, that period was and at the October 1891 conference, "Brother [George thirty months. Since the passing of President Wilford Q. Cannon] stated a letter had been received from

Woodruff, and obedient to a revelation received by Brother John W. Young requesting that his name be

President Lorenzo Snow at that time, a new not presented at this time."(Ibid., October 6, 1891,

President has been named and the First Presidency p. 3.)

again organized within a matter of days. In June 1961 President David O. McKay also apAs the fortythird general conference of the Church pointed an additional counselor to the First Presidency

neared its close, April 8, 1873, Brigham Young was suswhen he named President Hugh B. Brown to the

tained as President, with the following counselors: position. President Brown was later named second

George A. Smith, Daniel H. Wells (these brethren counselor when President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., passed

had been serving as counselors respectively since away that October 6th.

DECEMBER 1965 1081 0ft

man without guile

BY DOYLE L. GREEN

MANAGING EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AND

CHARLES E. M1TCHENER, JR.

GENERAL SECRETARYTREASURER, YMM1A

On rare occasions humankind is blessed by an you perfect in every good work to do his will,..."

individual who seems by nature to possess all of the (Heb. 13:21.)

qualities of godliness. These are not words designed only to eulogize.

Such a man was Alma Helaman Pettigrew, general These are words which cry out from the depths of the secretarytreasurer of the Young Men's Mutual Imsouls of those of us who have been touched by this provement Association, who passed away on October man. These are words which must be said and which

27 at the age of 67. will stand forever as a testimony of the inherent

Examine his life critically, and you will fail to find goodness of Alma Pettigrew.

an unkind word, a selfish deed, an evil act. Search for Fourteen men have served as general secretary of

someone who didn't like him or who has been hurt the YMMIA since it was organized by President or offended by him, and you will be unsuccessful. Brigham Young in 1875. The first thirteen held the

Name every Christlike virtue, and it will apply to position for a total of 53 years. The fourteenth was

him without reservation or qualification. Listen to Alma Pettigrew. His record of service is unparalleled.

expressions from his associates, and you will hear: In 1925, at the age of 27, after having filled a

"I love him as I love my own brother."successful mission in the SwissGerman Mission, Alma

"He was a perfect gentleman."received a call from George Albert Smith, then a

"Truly a chosen servant of our Father in heaven."member of the Council of the Twelve and General

"The kindest person I have ever known."Superintendent of the YMMIA, to assist him in the

"He was my closest friend."promotion and supervision of this great program for

"He helped me when I needed it the most."youth. Four years later, Alma became general secre-

"He gave his life to others."tary of the organization and remained in this position,

Alma H. Pettigrew wore the mantle of greatness, not as well as being a member of the general board, until

the greatness of the world, but the greatness evidenced his death.

by true humility, trusting faith, and everdedicated His was indeed a lifetime of unselfish, wholesendee in God's kingdom. His life was one continual hearted, lovefilled dedication as he worked with six

round of giving himself to others. Never in our exsuperintendencies and boards under the direction of

perience have we associated with anyone who George Albert Smith (later President of the Church), exemplified more fully the counsel of Paul to "make Albert E. Bowen, and George Q. Morris (both of whom

IOS2 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA were members of the Council of the Twelve), Elbert give his life in the service of our Father's children.

R. Curtis, Joseph T. Bentley, and G. Carlos Smith, Jr. Absence from his home and family, whom he loved

In his stake he was an active high priest and had also so dearly, was a common occurrence, as he traveled been in the superintendency of a ward Sunday School, throughout the Church to participate in conventions chairman of a ward committee for senior members of or institutes, to instruct leaders concerning the church the Aaronic Priesthood, and one of the presidents of program for youth, and to inspire and bless all he a quorum of seventy. came in contact with by his firm and unquenchable

Alma was an unusually gifted person. His good taste testimony of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

and judgment, his inborn sense of propriety, his unAlma Pettigrew came by his loyalty, faith, and debounded love for his fellowmen, his rare artistic and votion naturally. His grandfather David Pettigrew was

creative ability, his innate goodness, and his many a prominent Methodist minister in New England beother talents and qualities could have taken him far fore he was caught in the gospel net. Later, at the call

in the world of men. Throughout the years many of President Brigham Young, he joined the Mormon

opportunities came which, if taken, might have Battalion and served as its chaplain during the long brought him wealth and fame. march to California in 184648. Later he was major

One of these was an offer for a most flattering posiof the Utah Militia and bishop of the Tenth Ward in tion with a large interior decorating firm in New York Salt Lake City from its organization in 1849 until his

City. He loved this type of work as it gave him an death in 1863.

outlet for his many talents. He thought, at first, that For sixteen years his father William was bishop of

he would accept the offer. It was like the fulfillment the Nephi (Utah) First Ward. During these same years

of a lifelong dream. But on this occasion, as on others, his mother served as ward Relief Society president.

he sought guidance and decided that he should stay In addition to the work of the Lord, Alma had one in his position with the MIA so that he could serve allconsuming love—his family. His beloved wife,

the Lord on a fulltime basis and devote all of his Edith Merle Hill, whom he married in the Salt Lake energies to helping build His kingdom. Temple in 1926, supported him unwaveringly through

And this he did for forty years. He sought no recogtheir happy years together, while herself serving the

nition. He avoided the limelight. He amassed no Church and community in many capacities. Together

property or wealth. But the service he rendered his they reared a fine, faithful son, David, and three

fellowmen, and his God, is uncalculable. lovely daughters, Edith Anne (Mrs. Jerry J. Fitts),

He never watched the clock and was always the Mary Carolyn (Mrs. Gary Keith Spencer), and Patricia

last one to leave the office. He was concerned only Jane. They have twelve grandchildren.

with getting the work accomplished. He was a true In a way it doesn't seem possible that he could

servant in the broadest and noblest sense of the word. have loved anyone more than his friends and acThe desires of the superintendency or members of the quaintances. But we know that he did. He revered

board or his friends were his foremost consideration. his family. To hear him pour out his feelings about

Alma's every contact with people seemed to reaffirm his children was a choice and uplifting experience.

his concern for the happiness and feelings of others. And in the same way he spoke of his progenitors. He

His own personal comfort or desire was of no imseemed to stand in awe that he could have come portance, if to achieve it meant that someone else through such a noble lineage and that he could have would be inconvenienced in the least way. He literally such choice children. He has given to his family the

sensed others needs and wouldn't—indeed, couldn't—greatest gift a husband and father can give—a noble

rest until he had ministered to them. life.

We have seen him build confidence in those who In every aspect of his life he stood as an example have lacked it, teach humility to those who needed it, of what a man should be: a quiet teacher of righteousgive financial aid to others when he didn't have it to ness through example, a devoted worker without

give. We have seen him return loyalty in answer to thought of recognition, a servant of his fellowman

abuse. We have seen him exhibit bravery when all without seeking reward. Forgetting him will be imaround him were unaware of it. We have seen him possible. Missing him will be a part of daily life.

DECEMBER 1965 1083 1084 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY BERTA HUISH CHRISTENSEN

When the storm settled, the weathand dislikes and the family problems in general.

er became cold, the wind saberWhen Benny had finished, Emmie said, "Here, take sharp. On such a day in midDecember, Benny this doughnut. I made a batch this morning. And

Gilmer knocked on the Jensen's front door. He had a here's your cap, Benny. Two miles is a long way for a

stray kitten tucked halfway into the front of his little fellow to walk in this kind of weather. Mind

jacket. you, fasten up that jacket; I'll drive you home in

"No, it doesn't belong to us,"Emmie Jensen said, the Chevy."

ushering the shivering boy through the hallway into That night when Martin Jensen had barely finished the warm kitchen. Her eyes wandered from his worn reading the county newspaper, the kitten came meowcap to his very worn jacket. The overshoes were sizes ing into the living room. Martin jumped at the

too large. sound, and Emmie related the story of Benny and

"Ma said it was sure to be yours. Since you don't the family from Texas, with all of the details involved.

have any kids, she said you'd sure have a cat.""The little fellow said his ma was sure the

Emmie resented the implication. "Well, your ma's cat belonged to us, since we didn't have any kids."

wrong. We don't have a cat, only a dog."She hadn't really intended to tell him that. Some-

"That's what we've got, a dog. Ma says we can't how it just slipped out.

have both. We can't keep the cat, not even if I don't Martin bristled. "Is that our fault? Didn't we

find where it belongs. She says we can't feed both want children?"

of them."No one knew better than Emmie how much Martin

"A little kitten doesn't eat very much,"Emmie had wanted to have a son, how much she had yearned said. for motherhood, and how she had dreamed, hoping

Benny stroked the scrawny body of fur. "That's against hope, until she knew that it would never

what I said, but Ma said that don't matter. We can't happen. She recalled that once they had taken a

have any extras until Pa gets the three hundred dolfoster child for a few months, but when the father lars he borrowed to get us up from Texas all paid had remarried, he had taken the boy away. She

back. Texas is where we used to live."remembered that after the struggling years were past,

"Well, put the cat down,"Emmie said. "I guess they had considered adopting a boy, but the agency

we can keep it for a while, anyway."had insisted that they were too old to meet adoption

Benny Gilmer was nine; and while the kitten lustily rules.

lapped milk from a plastic bowl, he told Emmie Emmie poked the logs in the grate and returned why they had moved from Texas, how his father was to her knitting.

working as a farmhand for Lem Williams, and that "Another sweater?"Martin asked, making converthere were eight children. At the conclusion of his sation.

spontaneous recital, Emmie had been introduced to "Yes, Martin, another sweater, but not for you this the entire family by name and age, knew their likes time. I've made a lot of them for you, and socks too.

DECEMBER 1963 108S But this one is for Benny, the little fellow who came "Oh, I know what you're driving at now. Want

with the eat. I eyed him up and down while he was me to start giving it away. This charity, that charity.

here and figured the size of him. He could use a Not by a darn sight, Emma Jensen. I've worked too

sweater. I guess all their kids could, for that matter. hard to get it to start throwing it around. And you ve

In fact, Martin—"worked hard too."

How should she begin? You'd think, after living Emmie lowered her eyes to her own brown calwith a man so many years, a woman would know how loused hands. How truly he spoke only she and

to begin, how to move his mind in any direction, how Martin and the farm neighbors knew. They had seen

to understand all his moods, and how to change them. her working by his side in the fields, especially in

Maybe she did understand the moods, but just how the earlier years, milking the cows, feeding the pigs, to change them was another thing. sorting the potatoes. There wasn't much about the

"Martin,"she said, "I've been doing a lot of thinkfarm she hadn't done some of—even to running the

ing this afternoon, other afternoons too, for that tractor when hired help was hard to come by. She

matter. There's some things we need, you and me."didn't like to remember it all. It wasn't the kind of

Martin shifted in his chair. "Need?"He lifted his life she had envisioned during that special springtime

eyebrows. "What do we need now? Didn't we just get so many years ago.

a new window in the kitchen right over the sink so Emmie was teaching school in a small town when you could see out more?"Martin asked her to marry him, and she had saved

"Yes, we did,"she answered, without looking up enough money for a trousseau. Every girl had a trousfrom her needles. Maybe this wasn't the right night seau, she reminded herself with each purchase of

to bring up the subject. But Martin went on. ribbon and lace. She recalled the items now, scented

"Then you wanted a television set, so you could away in tender memory: breakfast cloths with

see more things, more people, more of the world. We crocheted edges; pillow slips embroidered during long

got it, didn't we? What more do you want?"winter evenings; and—she caught her breath audibly—

Emmie looked around the room. It was a clean, nightgowns, long and pink and made of the newest

tidy room, though the furniture was old and the rayon fabric, soft and silky. Since then, nightgowns

frayed carpet had been mended in many places. She had all been of cotton or flannel, for the more northern

wasn't seeing the mends. There were other things she winters were long and severe and rayon more

wanted more right now than a carpet. expensive.

"Just what more do you want, Emmie?"Martin It wasn't like Martin to keep an unpleasant conversarepeated his question. tion going. When he had finished what he had to say,

"You wouldn't understand, Martin. Not even if I usually he would become silent or walk into another

said the words. So—"room, which meant that the discussion, as far as he

"I might. Still, I might not. There's no making a was concerned, was finished. Tonight he did neither.

woman out. Never quite satisfied. A prosperous farm "Emmie,"he said, looking straight at her, "didn't we

and all that goes with it. That's what we've got get them both, the window and the television?"

and now—""Yes, Martin, we did, and I've been happy about

"You mean the money?"Emmie asked. them both. We don't seem so far away from the

"Yes, the money. We've got a lot of it now. Little world now."She waited a moment. "But the television

did I think I'd ever have this much salted down in—that's made me think a lot lately, about a lot of things

the bank, and in land—good, solid potato land. No I already knew but didn't want to believe. There's

one can take ground away from you."problems, Martin, all over. People in need and in

"But we'll be leaving it someday, all of it."trouble. Somehow we (Continued on page 1162)

IO86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DECEMBER 1965,f President Joseph F. Smith

IO88 mm rTsirw*T&*s emmiscences

7n /ie following letter, written from Santa Monica, Aunt Mercy who, as often as she could, slipped a

California, December 29, 1914, to one of his sons, favor in my way. I owed no man through all those

President Joseph F. Smith relates some personal exdays, and I had to work—I could not be idle.

periences which will be read with delight and pathos Now again to the Christmas holidays: There [was]

during the present holiday season:... not a dollar in cash, with which to buy one thing

My Beloved Son:—Your most refreshing and welfor Christmas. I could draw a few pounds of flour,

come letter of Christmas eve, came to my hand yesor meat, a little molasses, or something of that kind, terday, and I read and reread it with pleasure, ahead, at the general Tithing Office and pay up at mingled with grateful tears. the end of the month with tithing scrip, received in

Your letter also took me back not only to the boypayment of my labor which more than often began hood days of my own boys and girls, but also to those at 6 a.m. and ended at 11 p.m., at $3 per day in

of my very own. From 1846 to 1848 and 9 I knew no tithing pay, which was not cash.

Christmas, and no holiday; and, indeed, if we had a I saw many reveling in luxuries, with means to

Christmas or a New Year celebration at all before lavish on their every want, which were far more 1846—or until after I was married, for the life of me, than their needs—riding in buggies, on prancing

at this moment, I cannot remember it. I was teamhorses, enjoying their leisure, while I—we all! were

ster, herdboy, plowboy, irrigator, harvester, with on foot and of necessity tugging away with all our scythe or cradle, woodhauler, thresher, winnower (by mights to keep soul and body together. Under these

the halfbushel measure or fanningmill, later), genspiritless conditions, one day just before Christmas, eral roustabout, and a fatherless, motherless, and al- I left the old home with feelings I cannot describe.

most friendless missionary, and withal, always I wanted to do something for my chicks. I wanted

penniless. something to please them, and to mark the Christmas

I say almost friendless. I had one true friend, a day from all other days—but not a cent to do it with!

widow, frail, aged—but oh! so true! She was my I walked up and down Main Street, looking into the

neverto-beforgotten and everto-beloved and reshop windows—into Amussen's jewelry store, into

membered Aunt Mercy R. Thompson. She, like my every store—everywhere—and then slunk out of sight

own precious mother, never forgot me while they of humanity and sat down and wept like a child, until lived. But in their time, they had very little, and it my pouredout grief relieved my aching heart; and

was a continuous struggle just to live! after awhile returned home, as empty as when I left,

Then when, after these dreary experiences, my own and played with my children, grateful and happy...

precious cherubs began to come along, we were existfor them....

ing on $3 per day for each working day employed, After these trials, my pathway became more and that in tithing products at high prices. Well, I smooth. I began to pick up; by hard work, rigid

cannot tell you how we managed to live at all, but economy, selfdenial, and the love of God, I proswe did! God must have helped us, for I did not steal pered. Little openings were presented, and I improved

nor defraud my neighbor. I did not owe any man, them.... Oh! let God be praised. I bless you, my

woman, or child one cent, except it was my gracious son, and all of you. May the Lord God bless my sons.

(Taken from The Improvement Era, January 1919, pages 266267.)

halffinished...."And yet "the

peasants appear to have remained in their homes."What could have

happened? "The most logical explanation,"writes J. E. S. ThompSINCE son, "is that the old cooperation of

peasant and hierarch broke down, and that the peasants revolted and drove out or massacred the small ruling class of priestnobles andCUMORAH their immediate followers. 24 In NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST the end the poor took their revenge

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D. on the haughty priests who exPROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY cluded them from the ceremonial places which had been built with the labor of their own hands. This

would seem to have been an old

The Bible, the Scrolls, pattern of things in the New

World, by no means limited to the and the Book of Mormon—

later Mayas. Alma describes it a Problem of Three Bibles—Continued

clearly.

Speaking of cities, the ancient

Near Eastern "ideal of city plan- ( 33 ) Meanwhile, all men are bebecause of our exceeding poverty; ning"was that of Uruk, "whereby

ing tested: both teachings lay great and we have no place to worship Uruk was divided into three equal

stress on the.ualistic nature of this our God; and behold, what shall areas—urban, garden and meadow

time of probation in which there we do?"(Alma 32:5.) It is among—plus the temple precincts."The

"must needs be... an opposition such people that Alma gathers resame system is apparent in the

in all things."(2 Nephi 2:11.) (34) cruits for his society, meeting with Book of Mormon. 25 And this brings

In this and other things both bodies total rebuff at the hands of the us to another type of parallel. For

of scripture show a peculiar afupper classes and the priests. after all, there is a good deal of

finity for the writings of John. ( 35 The arresting point here is that secular information in the Book of

Both groups persistently designate a number of recent studies reach Mormon. If the Dead Sea Scrolls

themselves as "the poor,"emphathe conclusion that the mysterious are (in Professor Yadin's words) sizing thereby their position as outdemise of the Mayan civilization but "a tiny window"on one phase casts. This is strikingly illustrated was brought about by just such of Israel's past, so is the Church led

in the Book of Mormon in an epiexclusion of the masses from parby Alma but part of a much larger sode from the mission of Alma. ticipation in the life of the great picture, to see which we must look

When a large crowd gathered on religious centers. The Mayan cities through many more windows and

a hillside outside a certain city to were not "cities in our sense of much older ones.

hear Alma preach, one of their the word,"we are told, but "ritual (36) We have discussed at book leaders told Alma that these people centres, where the people gathered length the Book of Mormon picwere largely social outcasts, "... for for festivals but where nobody ture of ancient desert life—the

they are despised of all men belived. Priests and nobility resided tentculture, the family affairs,

cause of their poverty, yea, and on the outskirts, the people in scatthe hardships and secrets of surmore especially by our priests; for tered settlements."23 There came a vival, the desert terrain, the ways

they have cast us out of our synatime when "one by one the great of nomads and hunters, etc. Many

gogues which we have labored ceremonial centres... were deauthentic Arabs have read both

abundantly to build with our own serted. In some the end came so the Book of Mormon and our

hands; and they have cast us out quickly that buildings were left commentary and found the former

1090 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA convincing and the latter not too ridiculed in the early days than puter techniques to discover that objectionable. (37) Then there is the Book of Mormon's mention of the monetary system which the

the Liahona, as strange a gadget steel. In particular Nephi's steel Book of Mormon says the Neas one might well imagine, but bow, another extreme oddity, phites worked out for themselves

completely vindicated by recent would seem to have its companas the most efficient they could studies of those ancient divination ions among his contemporaries. 28 devise actually is the one system

arrows which used to guide the (43) Within the last ten years which requires the least number

Hebrews and the Arabs in their much has been made of the surof coins to change hands in a large wanderings. In fact Tha'labi, perprising extent to which the ancient number of transactions. 30

haps the most amazingly wellAmericans used cement, concrete, ( 45 ) So many ancient records on informed of all Arabic writers, and gypsum in their building metal plates have come to the knows of a Hebrew tradition that operations; it is now suggested world's attention in recent years

Moses led the children of Israel that the overlavish detail, the exthat it is hard to realize today that through the wilderness with the tremely high relief, and tendency the mere idea of a book on gold aid of a double arrow mounted on to round off all angles characterplates was considered the number the end of his staff that served as istic of early American architecture one absurdity of the Book of Mor- a director. 26 (38) To the dozen are the direct result of working in mon for generations. We might

vivid desert pictures reported in that plastic medium. 29 (44) It mention the translation of more

Lehi's dreams, we have added in took a student of modern com- (Continued on page 1165) the present articles the clue of the filthy water—another queer and

disturbing image, but thoroughly substantiated in the apocryphal literature.

A much earlier migration than Lehi's, as reported in the Book of

Mormon, brings us face to face with (39) the Epic Milieu with its heroic tradition of literature, first brought to light as a historical reality by Chadwick in the 1930*8, but again, as we have shown at considerable length, vividly and fully set forth in the Book of

Ether. This is good for at least a

score of parallels, but we shall take them altogether, only adding the case of (40) the strange ships of the Jaredites, which can be matched in the oldest traditions of the Deluge, and by (41) the shining stones with which they were illuminated, the equal of the

Liahona for oddity, but well attested by the earliest records of the race. 27

On the technical side we might mention (42) the growing awarePresident E. Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency

ness of the use of steel by the examines ancient jar from the Qumran Caves, ancients, since nothing was more recently obtained by the Church through the Palestine Archeological Museum.

DECEMBER 1965 1O01 Five millionth visitor, William Bambace, of White Plains, N. Y. With him are members

of his family, Pres. Wilburn C. West and Elder Bernard P. Brockbank, assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

Missionaries load cartons of the Crowds signing registers

Book of Mormon into the Pavilion Supply Room from which referrals were gleaned. j

FairThe New York World's Final Report A BY RICHARD J. MARSHALL

The New York World's Fair has ended, but the the usual crowds who seek after the fun and froth of good that was accomplished there for the Church will fairs; these were people soberly attracted to the inextend far into the future. triguing theme of the Mormon Pavilion: "Man's

From its first opening, the Mormon Pavilion had Search for Happiness."

been a popular place to visit, and its last days were High above these earnest crowds, whose waiting its grandest, with thirty and forty thousand people lines spilled out of the Pavilion onto the loggia and a day crowding into the spacious display rooms, the sprawled past the reflecting pool to the street beyond, great gallery, and the twin theaters. But these weren't stood the symbol of the restoration. Twelve stories

1092 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA high against the vaulted sky stood the Angel Moroni, what was accomplished by giving so many people a golden beacon in the sun. And the crowds wouldn't this fleeting exposure to the Church? Again, in atstop coming. On the eve of the closing day of the tempting an answer, statistics throw considerable

Pavilion, interested throngs kept the missionaries busy light on the potential achievement. For example, duranswering questions until 1:30 in the morning. Only ing the tenure of the Pavilion, the numbers of copies

then were they able to close the doors and prepare of the Book of Mormon which were sold to guests for the final day. day by day were used as a measure of how much inWith the climax and conclusion of the Fair, an terest was being engendered by the missionary preawesome set of statistics has been totaled up for the sentations.

Mormon Pavilion, telling of an overwhelming statistical Under the instruction and supervision of Bernard success. Chief among these facts was the number of P. Brockbank, pavilion director, missionaries convisitors received. Careful daily tabulation shows that tinually worked at creating even more edifying preduring the six months the Pavilion was open in 1964, sentations and attempted to perfect the handling of

just over three million people were taken through its massive throngs of listeners. The result of this unceasstately rooms. During the final year, when the Pavilion ing stress on quality was a marked upsurge in the

was in operation another six months, some 2,724,835 number of people who were aroused to purchase visitors also were exposed to the displays and films, copies of the Book of Mormon. Though overall atto the testimonies of the missionary guides. This comtendance at the Fair was markedly down during the

bined attendance is approximately 5,769,000 and the second season, sales of the Book of Mormon enjoyed greatest evidence yet to the efficacy of the Pavilion to an uncommon increase, and a total of 59,000 copies attract and hold the attention of millions. In addition, were sold in 1965. This means that in just twelve

with the tremendous competition being created by working months, the Pavilion stimulated the sale of some of the most lavish and expensive exhibits posover 97,000 copies of this sacred book, a distinguished sible, it is a remarkable fact that the Mormon Pavilion, tribute to the combined abilities of the displays and with a modest budget, rated in the top ten percent the missionaries to provoke genuine concern for the for numbers of visitors received. In this exclusive message of the Church.

group are such commercial giants as Ford, General Another standard for measuring success was the reMotors, General Electric, Dupont, and others who ferrals signed by visitors, giving their names and spent as high as sixty million dollars per pavilion to addresses and comments on their reactions to the attract just such vast crowds as came to the Mormon Pavilion. With the tremendous flow of visitors through

Pavilion. the building, it became necessary to increase the numOne of the New York newspapers, commenting on ber of guest registers from one to two; then several

this, pointed out that it is ironic that "the Mormon more were added, and still the interest mounted until

Church, with two million members, could attract ultimately Elder Brockbank had seventeen stations nearly three times its own number."where guests could set down their names and imRobert Moses, president of the Fair corporation, pressions.

in a letter to the Church stated: "Such attendance The caliber of these referrals, which are mailed

affords undisputable proof that your decision to parfrom New York City to the missions of the world, ticipate in our Fair was the right one... we have has been called "excellent."When missionaries call on

greatly enjoyed our relationships with you. From the these families who have already visited the Pavilion,

beginning it has been a pleasure to deal with an they report there is an immediate bond and underorganization which has authority, discipline, and sustanding—far different from the usual reception..Some

perb leadership. Your Pavilion has been one of the families thus called upon report they have already

beauty spots of the Fair, and we have heard nothing examined and read the Book of Mormon; others have

but praise for the programs presented there."This is returned again to the Pavilion to reabsorb the wealth

high praise indeed, coming from a man who has an of spiritual messages which are proffered there. Quite

international reputation for astute critical judgment often, according to the missionaries, the referral famiand candor. lies who have already seen the Pavilion now have enThere is no question about the superb achievecouraged friends and neighbors also to "visit with the

ment of the Pavilion and its magnetism for millions Mormons at the World's Fair and see what it is that of visitors. The question that does arise is this: Just has impressed us so deeply."(Continued on page 1169)

DECEMBER 196S 1093

... AnThe Natural Man

BY ALMA P. BURTON

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF SEMINARIES AND

INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

Many have said that man in his natural state is birth, or is it a condition or state that one acquires an enemy to God. Some have claimed that Adam and by disobedience to the commandments of God? Being

Eve brought sin and evil upon every child of God estranged from or becoming an enemy to our Heavenly born to this earth. How and when does a man become Father or to his Son Jesus Christ is a condition that

an enemy to God? Or how and when do God's chilall men would want to avoid.

dren become estranged from him? The Lord said:

One of the remarkable addresses dealing with this "For the word of the Lord is truth, and whatsoever subject is recorded in the Book of Mormon and was is truth is light, and whatsoever is light is Spirit, even given by King Benjamin to his people about 124 BC. the Spirit of Jesus Christ.

In that address he stated that "the natural man is an "And the Spirit giveth light to every man that enemy to God, and has been from the fall of cometh into the world; and the Spirit enlighteneth

Adam...."(Mosiah 3:19.) every man through the world, that hearkeneth to the

President Brigham Young declared in a discourse voice of the Spirit."(D&C 84:4546.)

given June 15, 1862, that: The Lord revealed further to the Prophet Joseph

"The natural man is of God. We are the natural sons Smith:

and daughters of our natural parents, and spiritually "For I the Lord cannot look upon sin with the we are the natural children of the Father of light and least degree of allowance;

natural heirs to his kingdom; and when we do an evil, "Nevertheless, he that repents and does the comwe do it in opposition to the promptings of the Spirit mandments of the Lord shall be forgiven;

of Truth that is within us. "And he that repents not, from him shall be taken

"Man, the noblest work of God, was in his creaeven the light which he has received; for my Spirit

tion designed for an endless duration, for which shall not always strive with man, saith the Lord of the love of all good was incorporated in his Hosts."(Ibid., 1:3133.)

nature. It was never designed that he should naturally From these declarations of the Lord we learn that

do and love evil. the Spirit of Jesus Christ gives light to every man who

"When our first parents fell from their paradisaical comes into the world, and further, that that same state, they were brought in contact with influences Spirit continues to enlighten every man who hearkens and powers of evil that are unnatural and stand in to his message and that every one who hearkens to the opposition to an endless life. So far as mankind yield Spirit comes to God.

to these influences, they are so far removed from a It is true that the Lord cannot look upon sin with natural to an unnatural state—from life to death."the least degree of allowance, but he always looks

( Journal of Discourses, 9, 305. upon the individual as his child and continually sheds

It is evident that King Benjamin and President forth his Spirit to assist him whenever he needs assisYoung used the words "natural man"with opposite tance, whenever he is led astray or influenced by evil meaning. The "natural man"as used by King Bento sin. The Spirit of the Lord is constantly striving

jamin is the equivalent to the term "the unnatural with the man to influence him to repent.

man"in Brigham Young's statement. Both terms deWhen man received his mortal body he became

fine the condition of a person who has become essubject to the things of the world. This did not mean

tranged from or an enemy to God. How does one that many individuals could not live above the things

become estranged from God or an enemy to God? of the world for the most part, but it meant that men

Is such a state of being or condition due to man's in this life would be subject to the trials and tempta1094 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

teaching

CONDUCTED BY THE

CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEMEnemy to God?

PART ONE

tions of the world. The full purpose of the plan of And later, he wrote:

salvation provides for the fact that a man may avail "Little children cannot repent; wherefore, it is

himself of the benefits of the atonement of Jesus awful wickedness to deny the pure mercies of God

Christ. unto them, for they are all alive in him because of

This is why Christ came to earth to suffer, his mercy.

bleed, and die. Faith and repentance are basic prin- "And he that saith that little children need baptism

ciples of progression in the gospel, and these are denieth the mercies of Christ, and setteth at naught based upon the infinite atonement of Jesus Christ. the atonement of him and the power of his redemption.

King Benjamin explained in his message to his "Wo unto such, for they are in danger of death, people that "the infant perisheth not that dieth in his hell, and an endless torment. I speak it boldly; God

infancy;..."'(Mosiah 3:18.) And the Lord revealed hath commanded me. Listen unto them and give heed,

to Joseph Smith that "little children are redeemed or they stand against you at the judgmentseat of from the foundation of the world through mine Only Christ.

Begotten; "For behold that all little children are alive in

"Wherefore, they cannot sin, for power is not given Christ, and also all they that are without the law. For

unto Satan to tempt little children, until they begin the power of redemption cometh on all them that to become accountable before me;"(D&C 29:4647.) have no law; wherefore, he that is not condemned,

According to these scriptures the infant is in full or he that is under no condemnation, cannot repent;

fellowship with God. and unto such baptism availeth nothing—

Mormon likewise declared the innocence of little "But it is mockery before God, denying the mercies children in his epistle to his son Moroni when he of Christ, and the power of his Holy Spirit, and putwrote: ting trust in dead works."(Ibid., 8:1923.)

"Listen to the words of Christ, your Redeemer, your If the infant, as King Benjamin and Mormon exLord and your God. Behold, I came into the world not plained, is not an enemy to God, and if, as Joseph

to call the righteous but sinners to repentance; the Smith revealed, the devil cannot tempt little children

whole need no physician, but they that are sick; until they become accountable, how and when does

wherefore, little children are whole, for they are not an individual become an enemy to God? How and

capable of committing sin; wherefore the curse of when does an individual become estranged from God?

Adam is taken from them in me, that it hath no power King Benjamin's statement reads: "... the natural

over them; and the law of circumcision is done away man is an enemy to God, and has been from the fall

in me. of Adam, and will be, forever and ever, unless he

"And after this manner did the Holy Ghost manifest yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit"(Mosiah the word of God unto me; wherefore, my beloved son, 3:19. Italics added.) He also stated, "... men drink"

I know that it is solemn mockery before God, that ye damnation to their own souls...."(Ibid., 3:18.) He

should baptize little children. did not say that men are enemies to God because of

"Behold I say unto you that this thing shall ye teach birth into'mortality. Individuals have never become

—repentance and baptism unto those who are accountenemies to God because of birth into mortality nor

able and capable of committing sin; yea, teach parents because of Adam and Eve's transgression. However,

that they must repent and be baptized, and humble some of Adam's posterity have become enemies to themselves as their little children, and they shall all God because they will not hearken to the voice of be saved with their little children."(Moroni 8:8-10.) the Lord. The Lord revealed ( Continued on page 1182

DECEMBER 196S 1008

The Editors Page Chinese leaders, manifest by the ago related some instances that are to place in change taking China Russia, in and group communist(Continued from page 1073) of over in a nation in men's minds to us right door next manifest legislation, too often prompted by Cuba. Accompanying the spirit of six hundred million people, whose

political expediency, if enacted, hate is the denial of the existence hearts, whose minds have been will seductively undermine mans of God. Satan was cast down bechanged as far as they could be

right of free agency, rob him of cause he tried to replace the Creachanged by the spirit of hate.

his rightful liberties, and make him tor. But his power is still manifest. Fortyfive or fifty years ago there

but a cog in the crushing wheel He is active and is prompting at was a spirit of tolerance and reof regimentation. this moment the denial of God's spect in China for Americans. In

Though it is not a pleasing existence, of the existence of his a school at Peking, which was thought, we must realize that over Beloved Son, and denying the effifostered by Americans, I personally half the world is under the incacy of the gospel of Jesus Christ. saw some of the most active young

fluence of hate, as manifest by the The Associated Press sometime men in junior high school that I have ever seen in my life. I have

never seen more courtesy in any country in the world. Today all

that is changed. The Associated

Press made this report:

"A decade ago Mao TzeTung's newlycreated People's Republic of China threw its Red Shadow THE "SLOWDOWN acrosslengtheningan alarmedShadowAsia. Today,has creptthe

SYMPTOMS half way across the earth to the

Americas. No one can say with

certainty where it will stop.... In

his sixtysixth year this roundfaced, loftybrowed son of peasants has been raised by his comto followers the eminence munist RICHARD L. EVANS

actions, His of words, a demigod.

There is a symptom which shows itself in many ways, with some cause and even his thoughts, are holy for concern. It varies from petty stubbornness to the undermining of writ for 630 million people. He is

progress—a symptom of deliberate "slowing down"just to assert an attione of the most powerful men on

tude, or just to "show"someone. Sometimes this symptom is seen as earth, and much of his power is

pedestrians cross a street: students, young people, others also, deliberately based on the most debilitating of

slowing their pace, as a car approaches, perhaps to be contrary, perhaps human emotions—hate. Hatred for

to prove their prerogatives, perhaps just to register resentment. There are the United States, hatred for rich

those who seemingly set up slowdown patterns to make the movement landlords, for counterrevolution- of traffic deliberately more difficult. (Parenthetically, sometimes drivers aries, for Chiang KaiShek, hatred

are also guilty of acts of inconsideration, as if a car changed all human for anyone who fails to conform.

values or made the person at the wheel somewhat superior—but that's 'Hatred,'said a traveler recently

another subject sometime to consider.) This "slowdown"symptom returned from Mao's China, 'has

sometimes shows itself in people who serve in public j)laces, who not become an institution, particularly only don't want to be rushed, but who arbitrarily waste their own time hatred for the United States. It is

and that of others also, needlessly making people wait, apparently wanthorrible to see this vast human ing to emphasize their personal importance, and using this means to machinery run by only one fuelprove their point. Sometimes this seems to be merely a symptom of stubhatred! If it used love instead it

born pettiness. Sometimes it goes deeper: to indifference, defiance, could become the most powerful

disrespect. But whatever else, it is at least discourtesy. And what was nation on earth."(Associated

once called "common courtesy,"where it has become less common, is an Press, appearing in The Salt Lake alarming symptom in and of itself. In living in the world together, in Tribune, Sunday, December 11,

living with one another in the real relationship we have, we owe each 1960.

other courtesy, respect, consideration. And in working, in walking, in In the spirit of hate these men

all movement, all attitudes and actions, in all of the give and take of would supplant God. In the spirit

life, those who are deliberately discourteous, those who impede others of hate they deny his existence.

by slowing down for reasons other than real and worthy ones have much They deny the existence of his to account for, and much that they miss. May God give us the gift of Only Begotten Son. They would

courtesy and consideration for others, or help us to develop it so that destroy the free agency of man.

we may not feel the meanness of a petty, stubborn peevishness that Here, in the spirit of love, we praise defiantly or foolishly slows down the pace of people or uselessly imhis name and teach his precepts.

pedes progress. Let us for a moment or two consider Jesus, the man of love. He

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia revered and worshiped God, and

Broadcasting System, October 17, 1965. Copyright 1965. is himself revered and worshiped

109 6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by all Christian nations and classes That is the spirit of love, the the path that leads to it;..."

of individuals. "Whatever may be spirit of faith in God the Creator (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

the surprises of the future,"wrote of heaven and earth through his Smith, p. 255.)

Renan, "Jesus will never be surBeloved Son. God is worshiped by Jesus said, "... In the world ye

passed."his Only Begotten Son. shall have tribulation: but be of

Millions of people, speaking difWhat about the condition of good cheer; I have overcome the

ferent languages and cherishing peace? world."(John 16:33.)

various ideals, worship him and Peace has been defined as the On the same occasion, he said, revere him today. We revere him happy, natural state of man, the "Peace I leave with you, my peace

because his wisdom and spiritual- "first of human blessings."With- I give unto you: not as the world

ity comprehend and exceed that out it there can be no happiness, giveth, give I unto you...."(Ibid.,

of all others. He it is who said, "I and "Happiness,"said the Prophet 14:27.) All through his life peace

am the light of the world: he that Joseph Smith, "is the object and was on his lips and in his heart,

followeth me shall not walk in design of our existence; and will and when he came forth from the

darkness, but shall have the light be the end thereof, if we pursue tomb and appeared unto his disof life."(John 8:12.) He also said

to his disciples, "... I have given

you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you."(Ibid.,

13:15.) First, in the spirit of love, let us consider Jesus'attitude toward "IT IS NOT MARRIAGE great question is theGod. That..."

today.before the world comTHAT FAILS The

munists deny him, Mao ridicules him, and they have poisoned untold millions of minds against

Christ. RICHARD L. EVANS

What about Jesus as manifest in the flesh? In announcing his birth Since marriage is the very foundation of life and the most complete

the heavenly hosts sang, "Glory to commitment of all relationships of life, it calls, both before and after,

God in the highest, and on earth for a constant searching of ourselves and for a constant devotion and peace, good will toward men."discipline. And we would plead with young people not to rush im-

(Luke 2:14.) In that message there pulsively or immaturely into this, the most complete commitment of

is godliness, peace, and brotherly the whole length of life, without most serious and earnest consideration.

kindness. And to those who are married, we would plead with them not to rush

Godliness, Jesus exemplified out of it. Marriage requires much more than physical attraction to assure

every hour of his earthly existence. its success. It requires common sense and character. It requires trust, a

On the banks of the Jordan at the sense of humor, patience, an understanding of imperfections. Marriage

beginning of his ministry, we hear includes the day to day doing of things and learning to live with those him say to John: "Suffer it to be to whom we are committed in the most sacred covenants and commitis "it fails,""It that Fosdick, not marriage said Dr. is people for us ments. so thus it becometh now:

All that that fail. people marriage is not up."1 does is to show "Love all fulfil righteousness."(Matt. to

3:15.) getting, but giving,"said Henry Van Dyke, "not a wild dream of pleasure, of desire—... it is goodness, honor, and and madness and peace of Temptation, Mount On the

living."2 Russell is a "[Love] added: Lowell and pure this James To rises just above the Jordanwhich

this the of in hand, everydayness thing to walk with, Through hand baptized, he Jesus waswhere was for survival, it the best assurance world."to have workday would 3 And tried Tempter by thattempted who

to supplant God; tempted with all best be entered into between two people whose background and printhe things of earth and the power ciples and purposes would be so compatible as never to pull them

thereof. We hear him say in subapart. All have adjustments to make, difficulties to overcome. There is

lime majesty, "Get thee hence, no perfection in any of us. All have much to forgive, much to underSatan: for it is written, Thou shalt stand, with an awareness that all are human and that success in

worship the Lord thy God, and marriage comes through patience and understanding, kindliness and him only shalt thou serve."(Ibid., consideration, common sense and character, and an honest willingness

4:10.) to make it work. Marriage is so momentous a matter that it should be

When he taught the disciples to surrounded with the most sacred, thoughtful, prayerful considerations;

pray, he included in the first petinot hasty impulse, not temporary attachment, but giving the best of all tion godliness—"Hallowed be thy we have within us to make it all it can become. It is unthinkable that

name."(Ibid., 6:9.) a marriage should ever be entered into lightly or ever severed in the

Addressing the Twelve at the same way.

Last Supper, he said, "This is life eternal, that they might know thee xDr.2HenryHarryVanEmersonDyke, LittleFosdick,Rivers:Marriage.A Handful of Heather.

the only true God, and Jesus 3James Russell Lowell, Love.

Christ, whom thou hast sent.""The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

(John 17:3.) Broadcasting System, September 26, 1965. Copyright 1965.

DECEMBER 1965 1097 ciples, his first greeting was, transgresses the law of righteousmony existing between his Creator "Peace be unto you...."(Ibid., ness, either in dealing with himself and himself; perfect harmony ex20:21.) by indulging in passions or appeisting between himself and law,

Peace as taught by the Savior is tites, in yielding to the temptations the righteous laws to which he is exemption from individual troubles, of the flesh, or whether he is unsubject and from which he never from family broils, from national true to trust in transgressing the can escape; peace in the home,

riots and difficulties. Such peace law. families living at peace with each

refers to the person just as much Peace does not come to the other and with their neighbors.

as it does to communities. That transgressor of law. Peace comes There are some who would say

man is not at peace who is untrue by obedience to law, and it is that his teachings are not applicable to the whisperings of Christ—the message which Jesus would have today.

promptings of his conscience. He us establish among men—peace to A few years ago there was a boy

cannot be at peace when he is the individual that he may be at among boys who saw him, who untrue to his better self, when he peace with his God; perfect harheard him and received his teachings. Joseph Smith saw the Redeemer, and he has given that

testimony to the world; he has

recorded his message, and emphasized again the eternal truth that Christ's teachings are divine

WORK: A MATTER OF ATTITUDE worldand as todayapplicableas toto thethe civilizedpeople

among whom Jesus walked and talked.

Fundamental in all Christ's teachings was the crime of wrong

RICHARD L. EVANS thinking. He condemned avarice,

enmity, hate, jealousy as vehemThe balance between work and leisure, play, and the pursuit of pleasure ently as he did the results that is always of interest. Precise demarcations appear to be impossible, avarice, enmity, and hate produce.

because what is work to one is pleasure to another, and what is work Modern psychology, as all students at one time may be relaxation at another. And in some of its aspects know, proves the virtue of such

the difference finally comes down to a matter of attitude. But as to teachings regarding the injury that

excess of play and pleasure and leisure, we have cited before from A. follows the harboring of hate. He

Lawrence Lowell this significant sentence: "I know of no occupation

in life more barren of results than the permanent seeking of pleasure."1

If we're not working, we can't quit. And if we're already overrelaxing,

working may be the best way of avoiding boredom. Oldfashioned and

unmodem as it may seem to say so, it is still and always true that the HOPING greatest satisfactions of life come in giving ourselves in good and needed BY MABEL JONES GABBOTT this service. sincere subject Dr. Albert dedicated Schweitzerand and On night shepherds on that Among the

like in tosaid: people "Often good do some would say, 1 in the field, were some the world, Abiding

responsibilities so in business, nose with andbut at home many my light the hurried, following is Who affairs, grindstone. there the petty toalways and own I am sunk in my might that they To Bethlehem,

is no chance for my life to mean anything.'This is a common and come

dangerous error. In helpfulness to others, every man [the young and To Jesus. Cradled in a manger

the old] can find on his own doorstep adventures for the soul—our In swaddling clothes was Marys

satisfaction. of lifelongsurest true source this happipeace and To know Son.

to things. dutiesness, neglect not does have one or do spectacular... TheWhat the world lacks most today is men who occupy themselves with knowingshepherds knelt in awe,

falls this unselfish of a blessingthe other labor In both men. needs on He was the Christ, the Holy One. 2 evihis life offer as to the helped."helperthe of example and With

dence, this statement from Dr. Schweitzer has convincing substance. Would I be one among the few

"Each [one],"said Brigham Young, "will find that happiness in this Who left the warmth of firelight in does, the mainly on he dependsworld he and which the work way star unusual some To follow 3 ".. it."fulfill dedicated. only a doesdoes through himwork man Into the night? wild Judean

self."4 citation close source: yet another with a from "Thank To God I heard, I believe the words Would

every morning when you get up that you have something to do that The singing of the angel choir?

day which must be done whether you like it or not."5 Or count my dreams and looking

blurred, president Lowell, University, 19091933. of Harvard 1 A. Lawrence

to2Attributed Dr. Albert Schweitzer (18751965), German physician, theologian, musician, And turn to feed an empty fire?

missionary.

;!Brigham Young.

William S. Carlson, "The Desire to Work,"August 6, 1952. I hope that when He comes again,

-"Charles Kingsley, Town and Country Sermons. My heart will recognize His word,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia And in the humble shepherd's way

Broadcasting System, September 5, 1965. Copyright 1965. That I will come to know my Lord.

1098 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who harbors hatred and bitterness mighty truth that the Man of vidual freedom cherish the spiritual injures himself far more than the Galilee, the Resurrected Christ, is ideals of the Christ, and ever one towards whom he manifests truly the Way, the Truth, and the strive to make real the dream that these evil propensities. Life—that he is in very deed the all men shall be free, and that some

Equally applicable to present Savior of all mankind. day many nations will unite, not

conditions are his teachings rePernicious efforts and sinister for war, but for peace and the garding the value and sacredness schemes are cunningly and stealthestablishing of the kingdom of God of human life, the virtue of forily being fostered to deprive man on earth. That this condition may

giveness, the necessity of fair dealof his individual freedom and have soon be possible and real and that ings, the crime of hypocrisy, the him revert to the life of the jungle. men may strive to bring it about,

sin of covetousness, the saving With faith in the revealed word of I humbly pray in the name of power of love, the immortality of God, let all true believers in indiJesus Christ. Amen.

man.

If men ever reject the fact that

Christ is our Lord and Savior and fill their souls with hatred as that nation of over six hundred million people are compelled to do, and not only deny Christ, but deny [THESPOKEN WORK: i *that his mission is to redeem man WORD a A "WONDER DRUG

from the sordid life of selfish indulgence and sin, and lift him into a realm shown only by him of selfsacrifice, generosity, beauty, and RICHARD L.. EVANS

love; if the majority of nations fail

to recognize Christ as the only In speaking of work and leisure and play and the pursuit of pleasure, "name under heaven given among there is this further to consider: that work is essential. Work is essential

men, whereby we must be saved"to survival. It is essential to peace of mind, to health and happiness. It

(Acts 4:12); if doubting men reis essential to the development of the mind and spirit and soul of man—

ject the possibility of obtaining that for, as previously cited, "... only through dedicated work does a man

fulfill himself."1 This being so it would seem that shoddy work, careless

work, indifferent work, would seldom if ever give anyone real satisfaction, either the doer of the work or the one for whom it is done. When

MAMA'S WINTER'S TALE Phidias was criticized by a fellow worker for carving a statue with too

BY MAUREEN CANNON much care, because, he said, the details would not be closely seen in the dome of an Athenian temple, the sculptor replied: "Men may not

The world is boots see, but the immortals will."2 And he might have added: The workman

That stick, frostbitten himself will see it. "A man's perfection is his work,"3 said Carlyle. And

Noses, toes, and so is his imperfection also, for in his work he manifests himself in many one ways. "Work is the revelation of one's inner being,"4 and an unworthy

lost piece of work has its adverse effect. "No man needs sympathy because

mitten. he has to work,"said Theodore Roosevelt; "... far and away the best

prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing."5

And Thomas Edison, who was known for longsustained and wonderfully productive work, said: "I never did anything worth doing by

spiritual assurance of Christ's diaccident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident."6 Whatever

vinity disclosed by Thomas when one does, it ought to be of excellence. The shoddy attitude not only

he reverently exclaimed: "My Lord can make work a dull drudgery, but the one who permits himself to be

and my God"(John 20:28); if the associated with something shoddy tends himself to deteriorate. To be

acts of men generally be in accordcontent with mediocrity—with merely getting by, holding back our best,

ance with such rejection rather putting an arbitrary limit on our output and efforts—is an alarming

than in accordance with their acsymptom wherever it shows itself, especially since so much is needed ceptance of him as the Divine One, by so many people in so many places. "If you do not want to commit

then this world will continue to be suicide,"said Voltaire, "always have something to do."7 "... work,"

torn by contention, made misersaid Dr. Orlando Battista, "is the best wonder drug ever devised by

able by hideous warfare, and ignoGod...."8 St. Paul gave us this serious, searching conclusion: "Every

miniously wrecked on the shoals man's work shall be made manifest."9

of materialism, selfish indulgence, and disbelief and hatred. iWilliam S. Carlson, "The Desire to Work,"August 6, 1952.

Without Jesus of Nazareth, the AttributedAttributed toto ThomasPhidias, Carlyle.5th century BC Greek sculptor.

Crucified Christ, the Risen Lord, 5Theodore*Carl F. H.Roosevelt,Henry, speechPhD, "Theat Syracuse,DignityLaborof Work,"Day, 1903.June 22, 1954.

the traits of the jungle will hold aThomas A. Edison.

Tallentyre, Woltaire, in family bondage.the human A. Battista, 93. "How to enjoy work and get more fun out of life."8Dr.9 1 Cor.Orlando3:13. obligation the conclusion, and In

duty rests upon the Church of "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Jesus Christ to proclaim the Broadcasting System, September 12, 1965. Copyright 1965.

DECEMBER 1S68 1099 lip

mm *

;;flKa

J, *f&gmmm %t vt0Kt 135th Semiannual GENERAL ONFERENCE

October 1965

Address delivered in Priesthood Session, October 2, 1965

The Right and Authority of the Priesthood

President David 0. McKay

Brethren, this is a glorious hour, not In seeking the source of the priestonly for those of us who are assemhood, however, we can conceive of no bled here, but for those who are ascondition beyond God himself. In him

sembled in four hundred other places, it centers. From him it must emanate.

all holding the priesthood. All are Priesthood, being thus inherent in the

under obligation to set a proper exFather, it follows that he alone can ample, especially in the world of youth. give it to another. Priesthood, therefore,

Priesthood is inherent in the Godas held by man, must ever be delegated head. It is authority and power which by authority. There never has been a

has its source only in the Eternal human being in the world who had

Father and his Son Jesus Christ. If we the right to arrogate to himself the

appoint a member in a business conpower and authority of the priesthood.

cern, we give him our authority as There have been some who would voice to do the right thing as a reprearrogate to themselves that right, but sentative, and what he does we are the Lord has never recognized it. As an

bound to uphold. We speak of certain ambassador from any government exerpowers and prerogatives possessed by cises only that authority which has

the President of the United States, of been given him by his government, so rights and privileges vested in Con- a man who is authorized to represent gress, of power held by the Supreme Deity does so only by virtue of the

Court of the United States; and the powers and rights delegated to him.

source of such authority we can easily However, when such authority is given, comprehend. Ultimately the origin it carries, within limitations, all the

centers in the people as an organized privileges of a power of attorney, by body. There is no man living, or who which one is empowered by another to

has lived, who has the right to assume act in another's stead. All official acthe right and authority of the priesttion performed in accordance with such

hood. power of attorney is as binding as if

the person himself had performed it. be true representatives, the Lord will Here is a lesson for all of us in this

We can conceive of the power of the guide them in their work. The priestChurch. Let us, too, recognize the local

priesthood as being potentially exishood, though, may be given to those authority. The bishop may be a humble

tent as an impounded reservoir of who disregard it, who fail to be true man. Some of you may think you are

water. Such power becomes dynamic representatives; and when such is the superior to him, and you may be, but

and productive of good only when the case, "... Amen to the priesthood or he is given authority direct from our

liberated force becomes active in valthe authority of that man. Father in heaven. You recognize it.

leys, fields, gardens, and happy homes. "Behold, ere he is aware, he is left Seek his advice, the advice of your

So the priesthood, as related to huunto himself, to kick against the pricks, stake president. If they cannot answer

manity, is a principle of power only as to persecute the saints, and to fight your difficulties or your problems, they it becomes active in the lives of men, against God"(D&C 121:3738), and will write to the General Authorities

turning their hearts and desires toward to apostatize from the Church. The and get the advice needed. Recognition

God and prompting service to their only way we can keep the priesthood of authority is an important principle.

fellowmen. and keep in touch with the Holy Spirit, I pray that we may be blessed with

Strictly speaking, priesthood as delethe only way we can be true reprethe spirit of humility, blessed with the gated power is an individual acquiresentatives, is to live up to the ideals of spirit and desire to be one in all things ment. However, by divine decree men the Church which bears his name. relating to the welfare and advancewho are appointed to serve in particuThe Church of Jesus Christ is the ment of the kingdom of God. We can

lar offices in the priesthood unite in mightiest force in the world, but you do that by sustaining the authority quorums. Thus, this power finds exand your companions constitute the which is always delegated, you repression through groups as well as in source of that force. The Lord cannot member; and when it is rightly deleindividuals. The quorum is the opporuse his quorums without you; and gated you will be able to go to the

tunity for men of like aspirations to everyone has the responsibility of doing source, which is God, in whom is know, to love, and to aid one another. his best to maintain the standards of inherent the authority of the Holy

"To live is not to live for one's self the Church. Our boys and girls in high Priesthood.

alone."schools, in junior colleges, in uniGod bless the men who find and

There are two conditions which versities need our help. Their parents assist those who are too weak to be

should always be considered when the need our help. It is time now to put true to the priesthood! I hope you got

priesthood is conferred. The first of forth extra effort to know the difference the message given here tonight by

these is the individual's worthiness to between right and wrong. We are Brother Isaacson, especially concerning

receive it. The second is the service facing conditions in the world which the young men who are inclined to join

which he can render to the Church and demand the highest intelligence, the in social activities and aspirations of to his fellowmen. deepest spirituality, the greatest effort other young men. Do not deceive yourRecognizing the fact that the Creator. that the priesthood of God can possibly self that you can tamper with whiskey

is the eternal and everlasting source of put forth. or cigarettes, things forbidden by the

this power, that he alone can direct it, Oh my brethren, presidents of stakes, Lord, and which, if indulged in, will and that to possess it is to have the bishops of wards, God bless you in lead you away from the power which right, as an authorized representative, your leadership, in your responsibility you have been given by those authoriof direct communion with God, how to guide, to bless, to comfort the people ties who hold the priesthood.

reasonable yet sublime are the priviover whom you have been appointed to I am glad to see these young men leges and blessings made possible of preside. Lead them to come to you, if here this night. They are here by the

attainment through the possession of necessary, in confession. Guide them to hundreds, and as some came in I said,

the power and authority of the Melgo to the Lord and seek inspiration so "Are you going to the priesthood meetchizedek Priesthood—they are the most to live that they may rise above the ing?"and they answered, "Yes, we are

glorious that the human mind can low and the mean and live in the going to the priesthood meeting."They

contemplate. spiritual realm. are proud of it. God bless them that

A man who is thus in communion Recognize those who preside over they may be true to the ideals of the with his God will find his life sweetyou, and when necessary, seek their priesthood and never hesitate to say ened, his discernment sharpened to advice. The Savior himself recognized "no"to anybody who tells them, "Oh,

decide quickly between right and his authority on earth. You will reindulge just a little; it will be all

wrong, his feelings tender and commember the experience that Paul had right."

passionate, yet his spirit strong and just as he neared Damascus with papers God help us all to be true to the valiant in defense of right; he will in his pocket to arrest all who believed ideals of the priesthood—Aaronic and

find the priesthood a never failing in Jesus Christ. A light suddenly shone Melchizedek. It is a sobering thought

source of happiness—a well of living about him, and he heard a voice sayto think what this great body of bearers

water springing up unto eternal life. ing, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou of the priesthood can do to stir the

You who have the priesthood are his me?"people to acts of honesty, truthfulness;

servants by divine right. I know the And Saul said: "... what wilt thou stir them so that they will become exworld thinks we are unreasonable, fanhave me to do?"The Lord answered, amples to the world. We have that

tastic in our ideas when we tell them "... go into the city, and it shall be right and that inspiration!

there is no other authorized church, told thee what thou must do."(Acts God help us to magnify our calling,

but that is true. The priesthood came 9:4, 6.) He could have told Saul in a and to set a proper example to the

direct from our Lord and Savior Jesus few words what he should do, but other men of the world who think that

Christ, who is the great High Priest; there was a branch of the Church in they are better than the humble men

and he authorized Peter, James, and Damascus, presided over by a humble who, by right of that delegation and

John, on whom he bestowed that man named Ananias, and Jesus recogordination, hold the right and power to priesthood, to bestow it upon Joseph nized that authority. He knew Saul's instruct all men—not members in this

Smith. And you brethren—seventy nature. He knew that in the future it Church alone, but all men—to live

thousand on the air who hear my would be difficult for Saul to recognize higher and better lives than they have voice, and everyone present—can trace the authority of the Church, as inever lived before; to help them all to

your ordination probably within five stances later proved. Saul had to receive be better husbands, better neighbors,

steps right back to the Savior himself. from the very man whom he was going better leaders, under all conditions, I

If the representatives of our Father to arrest instructions regarding the pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

in heaven will live close to him, try to gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen.

! 102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sustain our civil leaders and the law.

The fact that everyone is entitled to his or her own opinion insofar as various matters of law and government are of us relieve any to Faith in America ofconcernedthe personaldoes notresponsibility obey,

President Hugh B. Brown honor, and sustain the elected governOf the First Presidency mental officers and the law which it

is their duty to administer.

During the sessions of this confershall be numbered among thy seed, Unfortunately, there are those ence, we have heard from many forever, for the land of their inheriamong us today who advocate breakspeakers who have discussed various tance; for it is a choice land, saith God ing the law as one means of calling

inspiring subjects. We who speak in unto me, above all other lands, whereto the attention of the nation that

later sessions find that what wc had fore I will have all men that dwell some have not been given the full intended to say has already been disthereon that they shall worship me, benefit of the law. They argue that

cussed, but there is one subject I would saith God."(2 Nephi 10:19.) the laws they break are minor and

like to mention. We believe in peace, We believe and have confidence in that the breach is useful and justified

patriotism, and loyalty, and the fact these words of the Lord. They bring us because it assists in the enforcement of

that America is a chosen land, pre- a message of confidence and hope. a greater law. This reasoning is fallaserved and discovered under divine Each of us has the right to rely fully cious and inconsistent with Christian

inspiration, with a constitution which upon them, for he has said: "... I principles. To follow such thinking is

we believe was inspired and which we will fulfil my promises which I have to decide that every man is entitled to must, under all circumstances, mainmade unto the children of men,..."choose which law he will abide and

tain. (Ibid., 10:17.) which he will violate. No orderly

As this is a worldwide church, we Further reason for confidence is society can be established on such counsel our members wherever they found in modern revelation wherein theory. There are lawful ways and

may live in other Christian countries the Lord said that he had established means of securing all human rights, to be patriotic and loyal to their homethe Constitution of the United States and one does not foster Christian land. Whatever may be said here about by the hands of wise men whom he virtue through irresponsible breaking

America, therefore, should be underraised up unto this very purpose. The of the law. Seeds of anarchy are

stood by members of the Church living constitutional framework of the law sowed in the minds of those who in other countries as an appeal to all of this land has been the study of legal follow a lawless course. Anarchy was

for loyalty and good citizenship. scholars and statesmen the world over. never the way of God but rather the

Occasionally we hear derogatory In no other document is the right and way of Satan. Recent riots in various

statements about our government and dignity of man lifted to so high a parts of our country emphasize this ominous forebodings about the future plane. Principles of freedom are inalarming trend. These lawless demonof America. We are concerned when we herent and fundamental to every constrations are often instigated and led

see evidence of doubt, misgiving, and cept. This did not just happen. To us by misguided youth against authority,

lack of confidence in the future of the Constitution of the United States against discipline, against the orderly

America as she faces current problems. is Godgiven to the people of a promgovernment of society and every symWe believe, however, that all good ised land. bol of authority. Let us heed the words

citizens of this country have a deep, In the October (1965) issue of Naof that vigorous patriot Theodore heartfelt gratitude for the abundant tional Geographic Magazine, Professor Roosevelt, who said, "We are the blessings showered upon us by a beFreidel of Harvard University calls atgovernment, you and I."

nevolent Father. I should not like to tention to two of our great presidents. I quote a paragraph from Destiny

be one of those who refuses to recognize I quote: magazine:

the challenge of the problems of our "In the first two decades of the "Let us always remember that the times. On the other hand, I refuse to 20th century, Theodore Roosevelt and planting of America in the strain that

be numbered amongst those who are Woodrow Wilson endowed the Ameridetermined our country's character was losing faith in America. can Presidency with a powerful leader- a spiritual planting. The fathers who

Let us remind you that the people ship the Nation had not known since planted this nation were Christians.

of every country of every age and Lincoln. Several of their successors gave They came here as Christians. They

time throughout history have had to nostalgic tugs backward, but these came because they were Christians.

face up to problems and find their two—one a Republican, the other a They came on a specifically Christiansolutions. We believe that in the exerDemocrat—established a pattern for venture. Get it fixed in your mind that

cise of the freedom her people enjoy succeeding strong Presidents. the planting that determined the

and with divine guidance, she will "At home both sought a larger meagenius of America was a Church—not

have full capability to solve any probsure of political democracy and eco- a town, not a colony, not a trading or lems she encounters. nomic justice, and abroad a share in exploring venture, not a gold rush, but

This conclusion is not just our own. responsibility for world order. They a church, a little Pilgrim church

Our Heavenly Father has given us enmoved to assume the sober duties of crossed the sea for the sake of its couraging promises concerning this the United States in its new status as church life. That is the origin of the

land. Hundreds of years before the an industrial giant and major world United States."

birth of Christ, he called this a land power.... To those who are losing faith in

of promise to the people of our genera- "Both these Presidents and their America, to those who criticize her, we tion. However, to the Jaredites he made supporters, the progressive generation, issue this challenge: Cast your eyes to

an important condition: "... if they believed that, without abandoning the the four corners of the earth. Can you

will but serve the God of the land, who freeenterprise system, they could persee anything to compare with her?

is Jesus Christ...."(Ether 2:12.) This fect the dream of the Founding Fathers Where do you find greater evidence

injunction cannot be overemphasized. by combining a scientific approach to of freedom? In what land do the inTo the ancient inhabitants of this the problems of the age with positive habitants have greater voice in governcontinent, he also said: Government action."(p. 537.) ing themselves? Where do you see

"Wherefore, I will consecrate this We should understand that each of a way of life which has produced a land unto thy seed, and them who us has a duty to honor, support, and greater abundance for its people? In

DECEMBER 1965 I103 which country do you find greater be wise enough to know that she will to the world that a great and marvelous numbers of children receiving an excelnot always be infallible, but they will work was about to come forth among lence of education to surpass that have faith that once the error of her the children of men. He said that the

which is to be found here? Where is ways is made known, she will return field was white all ready to harvest in

there less want, less misery? Where in again to a wiser course of action. She the reestablishment of his Church upon

all the world do you find men who are will not stray far, for though the vision the earth. He exhorted all his children

given comparable rights to enjoy their of her leaders may become obscure at everywhere to ask him and promised freedom to worship as that freedom times, the steadying hand of God will that they should receive. He said,

finds expression in the land of Amertide this nation through the troubled "... if you will knock it shall be

ica? Can you really doubt that this waters that may lie ahead. opened unto you."(D&C 6:5.) He

land is in very deed a land of promise? The late Dr. Adam S. Bennion left further counseled those to whom the

Let all men of goodwill offer conus the following thoughtful statement: message came to keep his commandstructive criticism to assist this great "America has become a great nation ments and to seek to bring forth and

land of freedom in the solving of her because the men who builded her beestablish the cause of Zion. He counproblems. There will be problems, to lieved in her—loved her—sacrificed for seled us to seek not for riches, but for

be sure, but let these problems be her. That same patriotism and pride, wisdom, and in so doing the mysteries

solved with mature deliberation. Let if kept vigorously alive, can carry us of God would be unfolded unto us.

those who speak out, speak in fairness. through our present crisis to even great- (See ibid,, 6:7.)

Let these problems and their proposed er heights. We humbly advise you that this

solutions be discussed in honest debate. "The heart of America is sound. great and marvelous work is going

All too often those who debate her There are ills, of course. There are forth in many parts of the earth today.

issues distort and magnify all out of base men and mean. There always In excess of twelve thousand young

proportion the subject of their concern. have been. But the land is full of missionaries are laboring in your comMore than any other people, members honest, toiling men, and worthy, demunities throughout the world. In their

of this Church, having the prophecies voted women. Let's herald their inhearts burns a desire to speak with you,

of God before them, ought to know tegrity as well as proclaim the evils and they are anxious to tell you the that America is not going to fail, that of our social structure."(The Candle full story of the restoration of the

the God of heaven will not permit it, of the Lord, p. 167.) gospel of Jesus Christ. They are anxious

if her people will but serve the God of Then let us prepare for the future to bring you evidence that our Father this land. She has a great destiny yet unafraid. Let faith replace fears. Let in heaven, the Father of all the inhabito fulfill. Imperfect though she may tants of the earth, is very real and that

be, she is, nevertheless, the hope of man was literally created in his image.

the world. Men of faint heart and These misssionaries wish to share their

blurred vision may from time to time knowledge of the risen Christ with you.

lose sight of this fact. The fact itself, They would like you to know that he

however, is immutable. is a being separate and distinct from

America has thus far been prehis Father and that he actually lives served because she is built upon a today. He has restored to the earth the

sound foundation, which was ordained fullness of his gospel, including the of God himself. She is the cradle of full organizational structure of his

freedom prepared by him for the reskingdom.

toration of the gospel of the Lord These missionaries of the Church are

Jesus Christ. Let all who have perlikewise anxious to share their knowlmitted discouragement or despair to edge of the destiny of mankind, of the

enter into their hearts take renewed glorious things he has prepared for all hope and courage. Let all honest men his children who will give heed to his

everywhere rally and support the cause voice, who will follow him in the plain of freedom and justice under the law. path which he has made known.

Surely, as we face the future there May I invite you to inquire of these is reason for concern, but there is no missionaries of the Church concerning reason for despair. Let us find reason this marvelous work that they might

to lift, to build, and to uphold. Let us courage dispel gloom. Let hope trimake full explanation to you of the

shrink from those whose only contribuumph over despair, and let faith in great message which has been revealed tion is to complain, to condemn, and God the Eternal Father reign supreme to the earth.

to destroy. To win the future will reabove all our works. It is to him above I cannot leave this subject without

quire men of faith, of courage, and of all others that we owe final allegiance. a sincere and heartfelt prayer that the

purpose. The Lord God of heaven will The plain duty of our lives is to so spirit of Almighty God shall be upon

prosper and gloriously support such conduct ourselves that more and more all men everywhere. May our lofty inmen. He will, however, find little of his children will desire him and his stitutions, our matchless Constitution,

reason to consider the activities of ways. One day the world will come to our love of freedom and liberty be

those who are barren and unproducrecognize that the jewel in the crown noted by other nations and, insofar as tive, who simply criticize, complain, of America which surpasses all others they can be made applicable, be and deplore. America needs leaders is the jewel of the restored gospel of adopted by them that all men everywho have eyes to see, ears to hear, and Jesus Christ, because through it men where may join us in singing what

hearts to understand. In their hands can come to know that their Father might well become an international

she will be preserved. I would hope in heaven is real, that he loves them, anthem, "Our fathers'God to thee,

that they will recognize in her not and that he has prepared a place for Author of liberty, to thee we sing.

only a great but a divinely inspired them. If they but follow the path that Long may our land be bright with

form of government. They will underleads to the straight gate, the joy that freedom's holy light. Protect us by

stand that she is adaptable to changtranscends all other joy awaits them. thy might, Great God, our King!"

ing times. They will know that she Concerning this jewel I would like (Samuel F. Smith, "America.") That

has the capacity to maintain fundato make this further statement to our all may become the special concern of mental integrity while meeting the friends who have joined us today. To providential care, I humbly pray, in

needs of a world in motion. They must a modern prophet, the Lord revealed the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

f 104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA laws, if they exist, should be repealed as soon as possible; still, while they

continue in force, they should be religiously observed."

Christ himself, while here upon the earth, was one of our greatest examples of a lawabiding citizen. When he was

asked by those who were trying to disit Is thinkest credit thou? him, "What Reverence for Law tribute Caesar, to give or unto lawful

President N. Eldon Tanner not?"his answer was, "Render...

Of the First Presidency untoCaesar's;Caesarand untothe Godthingsthe whichthings thatare

President McKay, brothers and sisinstituted of God for the benefit of are God's."(Matt. 22:17, 21.)

ters, and all who are listening in, it is man; and that he holds men accountAnd even when he was being tried

a real privilege and blessing to partake able for their acts in relation to them, for his life, he maintained a submisof the peaceful spirit of this great conboth in making laws and administering sive demeanor toward the chief priests ference, to be instructed by these dethem, for the good and safety of society. and council who were plotting his

voted men, and to be inspired to greater "We believe that no government can death. When he stood before Caiaphas

faith and better living. exist in peace, except such laws are he remained silent and made no reply

We thank the Lord that our beloved framed and held inviolate as will seto the questions asked until the high leader, President David O. McKay, cure to each individual the free exerpriest said: "I adjure thee by the living

through the magnifying of his calling, cise of conscience, the right and control God, that thou tell us whether thou has been sanctified by the Spirit unto of property, and the protection of be the Christ, the Son of God."(Ibid.,

the renewing of his body (see D&C life 26:63.) When he spoke thus with offi84:33), which makes it possible for him "We believe that all men are bound cial authority, the Savior gave an imto be with us today. People were never to sustain and uphold the respective mediate answer, thus acknowledging

more inspired by a prophet of God governments in which they reside, the office of the high priest, however than are we by his presence here, his while protected in their inherent and unworthy the man.

stirring message yesterday morning, inalienable rights by the laws of such Someone wisely said: "To us law is

and his inspired leadership. We join governments; and that sedition and the bedrock of our basic ideals: dein praying that he may continue to rebellion are unbecoming every citizen mocracy, freedom, justice. However,

improve in health and strength. I thus protected, and should be punished from day to day most of us take the

thank the Lord for the privilege I enaccordingly;... law for granted. We forget about it

joy of associating so closely with him "We believe that every man should until we need it or break it, but law and with these my dedicated colleagues. be honored in his station, rulers and looks over our shoulders constantly,

Just five years ago this month, I was magistrates as such, being placed for seldom intruding on us, so much a part honored by a call from the Prophet to the protection of the innocent and the of our lives that it has become more be an Assistant to the Council of the punishment of the guilty; and that to of a guide than a restriction, more proTwelve. As most of you know, I am the laws all men owe respect and defertection than threat of punishment."

a Canadian citizen. Though I love ence, as without them peace and harIn our democratic countries everyone

Canada, a country which was good to mony would be supplanted by anarchy has the right:

me in every way, and which is taking and terror;... a. To acquire a good education

its proper place in the world, and is a "We believe that the commission of b. To live where he pleases

strong proponent of liberty and freecrime should be punished according to c. To choose his vocation

dom for all, I am planning, as soon as the nature of the offense; that murder, d. To vote a secret ballot

I can qualify, to become a citizen of treason, robbery, theft, and the breach e. To own property

the United States of America. of the general peace, in all respects, f. To start his own business

As I become a citizen of this great should be punished according to their g. To have a fair and speedy trial

country, I am determined to join with criminality and their tendency to evil if accused of crime all lawabiding citizens and dedicate among men, by the laws of that gov- h. To worship according to the dicmyself to this nation's ideals of equality ernment in which the offense is comtates of his own conscience.

and justice under law, and to our remitted; and for the public peace and These rights, privileges, and blesssponsibilities as free men. I am seritranquility all men should step forward ings are just not available to those

ously concerned, however, about the and use their ability in bringing ofwho live in the communist countries.

lawlessness in the world today, and fenders against good laws to punishIt is a great privilege and blessing to right here in the United States. As ment."(D&C 134:1-2, 5-6, 8. Italics live in a country where all people, re-

a prospective citizen, and in the posiadded.) gardless of race, religion, or national

tion I hold in the Church, I should As pointed out by the President of origin, can live together in peace and like to speak for a few minutes'on our the United States in his Proclamation prosperity; where we have established

twelfth article of faith, which is: "We on Law Day, our very lives, our liberty, a form of law by free men for the good

believe in being subject to kings, presiand our rights to pursue our individual of all; where all men enjoy the indents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeydestinies are dependent upon our sysalienable right to be free and selfing, honoring, and sustaining the law."tem of law and independent courts. governed.

It is the duty of every citizen to be Laws are not made alone to curb the Abraham Lincoln admonished: "Let

sincerely concerned with his country's evildoer, or as negative restraint, but reverence for the laws be breathed by efforts to advance freedom and indito protect the rights and liberties of every American mother to the lisping vidual opportunity, to curb lawlessness, every citizen. As John C. Cornelius babe that prattles on her lap; let it be

and to achieve equal justice. The said: "Laws are the rules by which the taught in schools, in seminaries, and in

Church makes its position quite clear game of life is played."There is no colleges; let it be written in primers,

in its Declaration of Belief regarding reason or justification for men to disspelling books, and almanacs; let it be

Governments and Laws, some of which regard the law and try to take it into preached from the pulpit, proclaimed are as follows: their own hands. in legislative halls and enforced in

"We believe that governments were Abraham Lincoln once said: "Bad courts of justice. And, in short, let it

DECEMBER 1965 1105 become the political religion of the "When Junior was 18, his family the greatest of all lawgivers, we will nation; and let the old and the young, pulled every possible string to get him automatically keep the laws of the

the rich and the poor, the grave and a paying scholarship at a coveted Ivy land, and that the laws of God, if kept, the gay of all sexes and tongues and League school. They even storied about will ensure peace, security, and happicolors and conditions sacrifice unceasthe family income, to make it seem ness here on this earth and lead us to

ingly upon its altars."that Junior needed financial aid. He immortality and eternal life.

That is a small price to pay for didn't make the grade there, but by Some of these commandments given liberty and the other blessings enjoyed a stroke of good luck he wangled an by the Lord are:

in a free country. Let us fully realize appointment to a service academy. "Thou shalt have no other gods bethat we adults can break no law with "Junior was having it a bit tough fore me....

impunity without our children losing scholastically. An upperclassman sold "Remember the sabbath day, to keep

respect for the law. The 'juvenile dehim the answers to the calculus examiit holy....

linquent is in trouble because he has nations. Junior was caught and ex- "Honour thy father and thy mother:

not learned the importance of abiding pelled. that thy days may be long upon the

by the law, or he has not learned to "On his return home his mother land which the Lord thy God giveth adjust his conduct to the standards of went into hysterics weeping over the thee.

the community of which he is a part. disgrace. 'How could you have done "Thou shalt not kill.

Some causes of the delinquent's this to us?'she sobbed. 'This isn't the "Thou shalt not commit adultery.

troubles are: way we raised you!'"Thou shalt not steal.

a. Disregard for law in the home ''Unbelievable,'said his father. 'I "Thou shalt not bear false witness

b. Lack of discipline in the home can't understand it!'"(First published against thy neighbour.

c. Example of adults in Western Voice, Englewood, Colo.; "Thou shalt not covet... any thing

d. Expressed sympathy for criminals copied from. Good Reading, August that is thy neighbour's."(Exod. 20:3, 8,

and criticism of police 1965.) 1217.)

e. And last but not least, failure to We as citizens, each and every one And when the lawyer asked the

accept Christ as the Savior of the of us, including our youth, have a Master, tempting him:

world and failure to keep the heavy responsibility to obey and en- "Master, which is the great comlaws of God. force the law. Imagine what our counmandment in the law?

The only solution to these problems try would be today without law: "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt

is for adults to honor the law of God a. No traffic regulations love the Lord thy God with all thy

and the law of the land and to culti- b. No marriage laws heart, and with all thy soul, and with

vate in our youth an understanding of c. No property rights all thy mind.

and respect for the rules of civilized d. No police protection "This is the first and great comliving which make an orderly society e. No courts of justice mandment.

possible. A voluntary acceptance of the Yet we find all too many people "And the second is like unto it, Thou

law is the civilized substitute for riots, a. Rushing to beat an amber light shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

chaos, and terror. b. Speeding on the highways "On these two commandments hang

Though we hear much about the c. Driving while intoxicated all the law and the prophets."(Matt.

juvenile delinquent, I have every con- d. Ignoring marriage vows 22:3640.)

fidence in our youth and often wish e. Carrying on illegal demonstraWe are most fortunate, my brethren

that I could live long enough to see tions and rioting and sisters, to know that the law of how much better they administer pub- f. Collecting undeserved unemployGod is contained in the gospel of Jesus

lic affairs than those affairs are being ment insurance, etc. Christ, that the gospel gives us the

administered today. However, they plan of life and salvation, the solution

need guidance, example, encourageIn a recent case a sixteenyear-old to all our problems; and, which if acment, and discipline. boy obtained alcohol from the state cepted and lived, will bring peace to

I should like to read "A Modern liquor store, and under its influence the soul, peace to the family, peace to

American Fable"by Al. Mcintosh. he stole a truck and crashed into a the community and to the country and

"One day, when Junior was 14, he parked taxi, causing severe injuries to to the world; and which would guarnoticed his father grinning all over the driver. Since the regulations forbid antee health, love, and happiness,

when he came from his office. 'Got the sale of liquor to those under success and eternal life.

pinched for speeding,'he admitted, 'but twentyone, the government employee I wish to bear my testimony to you, got Jake down at the City Hall to fix who sold the liquor broke the law and my brothers and sisters, and to all the the ticket for me.'contributed to juvenile delinquency. world that these things are true; that

"When Junior was 15, he was with Just the other day a drunken driver the gospel in its fullness has been his mother in the family car when she ran a red light and crashed into anrestored in these the latter days; that

backed into a tree. The damage would other car, killing two people, injuring the priesthood of God is upon the

easily exceed $100. 'We'll say that other passengers, and ruining two cars. earth; that God does live and that

someone rammed us when we were What tremendous loss to him and to Jesus Christ is his Son, who came and parked down town,'his mother said. the families of those who lost their gave his life for you and me; and that

'Then we'll collect insurance for it, lives and what great and lasting sorrow they are interested in us today. There

because that's what insurance combecause of ignoring the law! We have is no doubt that the Savior meant what

panies are really for.'... cases every day where people are sufhe said in these words: "... seek ye

"When Junior was 17, he listened fering because of disobedience to law. first the kingdom of God, and his

one night to his lawyer uncle bragging Freedom, liberty, and peace can be righteousness: and all these things

about how cute he'd been in getting enjoyed fully only as the laws of the shall be added unto you."(Ibid., 6:33.)

his client off scotfree in a court case. land and the laws of God are honored May we accept these truths and as

'It took a little highclass arm twisting and obeyed. Therefore, let us adopt the free men honor, obey, and sustain the

on one of the witnesses,'he bragged, slogan: "As for me and my house, we law of the land in which we live, and

'and by the time he got to court, we will honor, obey, and sustain the law obey the laws of God, that we might had it made. Even if you know they're and use our best influence to encourage be found worthy of the country in

guilty, you never want to plead them others to do the same."which we live and worthy of eternal

guilty, because you can't make any Let us remember, too, and never life, I humbly pray in the name of money at that,'said the uncle. forget, that if we keep the laws of God, Jesus Christ. Amen.

1106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA possession of health and vigor and are free from impurities that would be entailed upon their posterity. I believe

that where people undertake to curtail the their of birth children to The Blessings of Eternal Glory orthatpreventthey are going reap disappointPresident Joseph Fielding Smith ment by and by. I have no hesitancy in

Of the Council of the Twelve saying that I believe this is one of the greatest crimes of the world today, this

My dear brethren and sisters: I hope severity of the punishment which has evil practice."(Relief Society Magaand pray that what I shall say may been promised those who violate this zine, 4, 318.) That was the advice

be uplifting to one and all. I have eternal law? The demand for personal given to the Relief Society.

many letters cross my desk in regard to purity is made by the Church upon When young people marry and rethe subject which I shall discuss: the both men and women equally. There fuse to fulfill this commandment given

blessings of eternal glory. is no double standard of judgment. in the beginning of the world, and

Nothing should be held in greater "If purity of life is neglected,"Presijust as much in force today, they rob sacredness and honor than the covedent Joseph F. Smith said once, "all themselves of the greatest eternal blessnant by which the spirits of men, the other dangers set in upon us like the ing. If the love of the world and the

spirit,offspring privirivers flood gates are in the when the of God practices wicked of the world mean of waters5/ this Doctrine, into in 1961 are opened. (Gospel leged to come mortal world a more to to than a man and woman

tabernacles. It is through this principle ed., p. 313.) keep the commandment of the Lord in

that the blessing of immortal glory is Sexual impurity is a most deadly this respect, then they are shutting made possible. The greatest punishsin. "There is a sin unto death,"John themselves off from the eternal blessment ever given was proclaimed against informs us. (1 John 5:16.) And sexual ing of increase. Those who willfully

Lucifer and his angels. To be denied impurity is one such sin unto death. and maliciously design to break this

the privilege of mortal bodies forever President Brigham Young said that important commandment shall be is the greatest curse of all. These the world is fast coming to its destrucdamned. They cannot have the Spirit

spirits have no progression, no hope of tion because of this. "Learn the will of of the Lord. Small families are the

resurrection and eternal life! Doomed God, keep his commandments and do rule today. Husbands and wives refuse

are they to eternal misery for their his will, and you will be a virtuous to take upon themselves the responsirebellion! And then to think that we person."(Discourses of Brigham Young, bilities of family life. Many of them

are not only privileged but commanded 1943 ed., p. 194.) do not care to be bothered with chilto assist our Father in the great work How wonderful is the peace and dren. Yet this commandment given to

of redemption by giving to his chiljoy which fills the souls of the virAdam has never been abrogated or set dren, as we have obtained these blesstuous! How terrible are the torments aside. If we refuse to live by the coveings for ourselves, the right to life and of the unvirtuous! They shall have nants we make, especially in the house

to continue on forever in perfection! no place in the first resurrection. of the Lord, then we cannot receive

No innocent soul should be condemned When the final judgment comes they the blessings of those covenants in to come into this world under a handiare they who remain "filthy still."eternity. If the responsibilities of parcap of illegitimacy. Every child has They cannot enter the holy city, they enthood are willfully avoided here,

the right to be wellborn! Every inare the "dogs, and sorcerers, and whorethen how can the Lord bestow upon

dividual who denies a child this right mongers, and murderers, and idolators, the guilty the blessings of eternal inis guilty of a mortal sin. and whosoever loveth and maketh a crease? It cannot be, and they shall

The importance of these mortal tablie,"who are cast out. (Rev. 22:15.) be denied such blessings.

ernacles is apparent from the knowlWhen man was first placed upon Now I wish to ask a question: How

edge we have of eternal life. Spirits this earth, he was given the comwill a young married couple feel when

cannot be made perfect without a body mandment to "be fruitful, and multithey come to the judgment and then of flesh and bones. This body and its ply...."(Gen. 1:22.) No more discover that there were certain spirits

spirit are brought to immortality and important commandment was ever assigned to them and they refused to blessings of salvation through the resgiven to man, for through honorable have them? Moreover, what will be

urrection. After the resurrection there marriage are the spirits brought to their punishment when they discover

can be no separation again; body and earth. "There are multitudes of pure that they have failed to keep a solemn

spirit become inseparably connected and holy spirits waiting to take tabercovenant and spirits awaiting this that man may receive a fullness of joy. nacles, now what is our duty?"said mortal life were forced to come here

In no other way, other than through President Brigham Young. Then he anelsewhere when they were assigned

birth into this life and the resurrection, swered his question: "To prepare to this particular couple.

can spirits become like our Eternal tabernacles for them; to take a course In the next world we are to be judged

Father. that will not tend to drive those spirits by the things we do. We will also be

Since the kingdom of God is built into the families of the wicked, where punished for the things we should upon the foundation of marriage and they will be trained in wickedness, dehave done and did not do. May I make

the unity of the family circle, there bauchery, and every species of crime. this personal remark: I am the father

can be no satisfaction where the family It is the duty of every righteous man of eleven children, and to this day circle is broken. Every soul is entitled and woman to prepare tabernacles for every one is a faithful member of the

to the right to come into this world in all the spirits they can."(Op. cit., p. Church and all are active, for that is

a legitimate way—in the way the 197.) the way they were taught, and they

Father has willed that souls should Instructions were given to mothers were obedient. They will belong to

come. Whosoever takes a course conof the Church by President Joseph F. me forever and are the foundation

trary to this is guilty of an almost irSmith as follows: stones of my kingdom. My posterity

reparable crime. Is there any wonder, "I think it is a crying evil, that there reaches today over the onehundred

then, that the Lord places the violation should exist a sentiment or a feeling mark.

of this covenant of marriage and the among any members of the Church to I regret that so many young couples loss of virtue as second only to the curtail the birth of their children. I are thinking today more of successful

shedding of innocent blood? Is there think that is a crime wherever it occontraceptives than of having a posnot, then, sufficient reason for the curs, where husband and wife are in terity. They will have to answer for

DECEMBER 1965 1107 their sin when the proper time comes honoring the covenants of God, among a considerable decline in alcoholics and actually may be denied the gloriwhich the covenant of eternal marriage in Utah per hundred thousand adult ous celestial kingdom. is one of the greatest and most mandapopulation. We are glad to see that

The world is rapidly coming to its tory, can they obtain the blessings of our beautiful state now has one of the end, that is, the end of the day of eternal lives. finest records of any state in the Union

wickedness. When it is fully ripe in If they refuse to receive this ordias far as alcoholics per hundred

iniquity the Lord will come in the nance and other blessings of the thousand adult population are concloud of heaven to take vengeance on house of God, then shall they be cerned.

the ungodly, for his wrath is kindled cut off from these higher blessings. I would like to give you some illusagainst them. Do not think that he They shall wear no crown; they shall trations now which might accomplish

delayeth his coming. Many of the signs have no rule and sway no sceptre; they three things:

of his coming have been given, so we shall be denied the fullness of knowlFirst, discourage every young man may, if we will, know that the day is edge and power; and, like the prodigal and young woman from taking his or

even now at our doors. son, they may return again to their her first drink, thereby eliminating the

"And it shall come to pass, because Father's house, but it will be as serpossibility of becoming an alcoholic.

of the wickedness of the world, that I vants, not to inherit as sons and daughSecond, I would like to talk to those will take vengeance upon the wicked, ters. If they will be true to these 3,400,000 who are approaching alcoholfor they will not repent; for the cup of commandments, their glory and exaltaism in the United States, and the 5,500

mine indignation is full; for behold, tion shall have no bounds, and "all who are approaching alcoholism in

my blood shall not cleanse them if things are theirs."(Ibid., 76:59.) May Utah.

they hear me not."(D&C 29:17.) So we all be blessed with the spirit of the Third, I would like to talk to those

said the Son of God. Lord so that we may be directed in his 6,500,000 alcoholics in the United

May all Latterday Saint fathers and ways, and may the Lord bless the States, and particularly to those mothers see to it that they teach their young people starting out in life so that 10,400 alcoholics in Utah.

children the sacredness of the marriage they may keep every commandment is In the nation we have heard a great covenant. Let them impress upon their my prayer in the name of the Lord deal lately about war on poverty and

children that in no other way than by Jesus Christ. Amen. war on crime, but we have not heard

very much said about liquor or alcohol.

Yet, many of the crimes that are committed in this country are the result, directly or indirectly, of the use of liquor. We used to hear a great deal

liquor, of recently but

I too passive. Help for Our Brothers weabouthavethebecomeuse wonder

Thorpe B. Isaacson if it is because it has become too comAssistant to the Council of the Twelve mon. We used to hear something about communism. When the word came to

President McKay, fellow workers, about 15,900. That is about twice as us we shuddered, but now we have

brethren of the priesthood: many as there are assembled here in become passive, and we do not pay

I wish all of you could stand here this great Tabernacle tonight. Stop and much attention to it anymore.

and face this great audience. To all of think for a moment. This means that There came into existence in this

you assembled in respective locations we could fill this Tabernacle twice just country not so long ago what is known who are listening in, I wish you could as it is right now with alcoholics and as the coffee break. This is a very

be here to see this sight and particuindividuals who are approaching alcodetrimental factor in many respects, larly to see President McKay and be in holism. It is just about unbelievable. and with it came the extreme use of

his presence. You cannot be in his However, we of the state of Utah can cigarettes.

presence and not fully realize that he feel very proud in one respect because The other day I was on the plane is a prophet of God. To you assembled Utah has now reached a most favoren route to Nauvoo, and I sat by the

in all those buildings mentioned, you able position in the United States at side of a medical research man, a very may know that you are considered as the present time as far as alcoholics brilliant man. He told me that in

part of our audience as fellow workers per hundred thousand of adult populaspite of all the proof and research in the priesthood. tion are concerned. The national avershowing the danger, the disease, the

It is always better and perhaps easier age is far in excess of that of Utah, and cancer, and other things related to the to talk about something that is optiit should be. Individuals in Utah, howuse of tobacco, the people of this

mistic, something that is elevating, ever, who buy and drink liquor, last country still go on smoking as though something that is pleasant and upyear spent $38,282,000. In the United nothing has ever been told. He said

lifting. But sometimes we have to face States there are 6,500,000 alcoholics that within the next year 45,000

facts and situations. Tonight I am to and 3,400,000 individuals approaching people in this country will die from

speak on a subject that is not pleasant, alcoholism, making a total of nearly lung cancer. He was quite critical

one that is rather sad, one that is 10,000,000 alcoholics or individuals about the American Medical Associaaffecting the lives of far too many. My approaching alcoholism. The total extion and even Congress, itself, for not

subject is that of tobacco, liquor, and penditure for all alcoholic beverages coming out strong and forthright and alcoholism. ast year in the United States was telling the people the truth regarding

Now, to show you the importance $11,373,692,000. These figures could the cigarette. The cigarette habit is

and the seriousness, the sorrow and the probably be doubled if we should take dangerous, destructive, demoralizing, sadness of the use of tobacco and into consideration other losses directly and undermining of the finest people alcohol, let me give you some bona or indirectly from the use of alcohol, in the country. You will soon see a

fide figures. such as accidents, sickness, hospitalizachange in any boy who starts smoking.

Speaking of our own great state of tion, loss of wages, production. These You will see him go down and down

Utah, one that we know best, reported figures were obtained from the United and down.

by the Utah Alcoholism Foundation, States Department of Commerce. Then, in addition to the coffee break,

there are now in Utah 10,400 alcoholNow by comparison, the rate of alcowe have the cocktail hour, which I am ics and 5,500 individuals who are apholism in the nation has increased far sorry to say is now rather common proaching alcoholism, or a total of faster than in Utah. There has been in circles of society and business. Con1108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ventions now held all over this country even death that goes with alcoholism. and then she said to me, "Look at that

are preceded by cocktail hours, both Now may I relate a true story to man. Could that be Jack?"

among young people and older adults. you, although it is difficult for me I did not think so at first because

We constantly read where liquor sales because it still lingers as a very sad his hair was now snowwhite, not with are up. Whenever I read this I realize memory. Time will not permit me to wisdom and maturity, because he was

that this is the sign of eventually more give you all the details, but I sin- a comparatively young man; but it was

alcoholics and that many more indicerely hope and pray that it will imwhite with sorrow, trouble, sin, and viduals are approaching alcoholism. press the approaching alcoholics and mistakes. His eyes were not clear,

It is a state law now for the state the alcoholics themselves and all others beautiful brown eyes anymore, but to sell and distribute liquor. They so that you will never start to drink. now they were red and bloodshot. His

claim that they are making a conAs a boy I was reared in a small teeth were not white and even, but siderable profit out of it, but that country town. I had a very choice now they were yellow, decayed, and

profit is very expensive to the indiboyfriend, whom we shall now call some were missing. His schoolgirl comvidual, to society, to the state and Jack. He and I went through school plexion was gone. He was dressed in

federal government. It is estimated that together. His parents knew my parents; only a T-shirt, a pair of slacks, mocit costs many times more the amount his grandparents knew my grandcasins, and no hat. I watched him; still

realized in profit to fight crime and parents. We sat in many classes to- I could not believe it was my friend

take care of the losses sustained by gether year after year. We played on Jack. Then two or three of his movealcoholism—the serious accidents, the same basketball team. Both of us ments brought some memories back

trouble, loss of property, broken homes, were guards. Jack was a fine athlete. to my mind, and I thought possibly it

lives, etc. Families are broken up. Men He had the finest physique that I was Jack. So I stepped up to him and

become bankrupt in temporal affairs have ever seen in a basketball suit. said, "Hello, Jack."(I wish I could

as well as spiritual. Moral standards He was a handsome boy with big, call him by his right name right now

are disregarded, and crimes are comclear, darkbrown eyes; black, wavy because I enjoyed calling him by his

mitted. Profit? There is no profit in hair; a schoolgirl complexion; beautiname. I thought so much of him as

the sale of liquor, except a bookkeeping ful, white, even teeth; a brilliant mind; my pal.)

profit. It is very expensive to the inand a fine disposition. Jack was a good Then he turned and looked at me

dividual, to the state, and to society. boy. I thought a lot of Jack, and I and said, "Who the heck are you?"

Now to the alcoholic: There is hope believe he thought a lot of me. Only he did not use "heck."

for you. You can get help, and you Finally school was over and we I looked at him and asked, "Don't

can rehabilitate yourself and be free parted. I went to one section of the you know me?"And he answered and

from this dreaded curse of alcohol, but state to teach school, and a year later said that he did not know me. Now

you should seek help. We are glad to he joined me. Neither of us was mar- I fully realized what liquor had done

help you; society is glad to help you. ried at that time. We stayed at the to my friend.

You must seek divine strength and same place with a wonderful judge. I said to him, "Are you Jack so and

help from God your Father. You can We slept together in the same bed. Yes, so?"He said, "Yes."When I told him

be free from alcohol. Many men and he was a very close boyfriend and pal. who I was, he threw his arms around

women have been able to quit, However, it was during that year, I my neck and started to cry, and I cried and you should seek all the guidance recall, that Jack began a little social with him. The other man who was

and help you can find. There is a drinking at parties. He did not think with him started down the street, and

chance for you even yet. much of it. We never thought he I was glad to see him go because now

Now to the individuals who are apwould become an alcoholic. He never we could have Jack in our car and

proaching alcoholism: There is great gave it a thought. Springtime came, talk to him.

hope for you, too. The way to avoid and I was married. The day after our I asked him where he stayed and

becoming an alcoholic is to quit drinkmarriage we went on to the University where he lived, but he did not want to ing now, not just taper off. Yes, we of California at Berkeley to school. My tell me. I asked whether he needed

know it will be difficult; but with help wife had been a teacher in the same some money and clothes, and he said

and desire on your part and the deterschool with my friend Jack, and she he did. I pleaded with him not to drink

mination not to go the rest of the way knew him very well also. The same the next day but to come to my busiand become an alcoholic, you can stop. spring that we went to California, Jack ness office and I would help him find

You will stop if you can really underwent to Colorado. I heard nothing from a job and take him to a doctor and get

stand and be honest with yourself and him for a long time. Then I learned him some clothes. Then he cried again

resolve to stop now while you can. indirectly that he was married, and and said, "Will you help me?"He

There is only one sure way not to bethen I learned later that he was dineeded help so badly.

come an alcoholic, and that is total vorced. Then I learned that he was Later we left him where he told us

abstinence as taught by this Church. drinking heavily and was an alcoholic. to drive him. I gave him a little money,

The Word of Wisdom was given to us Years passed, probably twenty. I had hoping that he would not spend it for

long before men ever thought of the not seen my friend during those years. liquor, but I should have known

evils. Every alcoholic will tell you that One night, not so long ago, my wife better. The next day he came to my

he never realized himself that he would and I drove to my business office here office, but he came very drunk. I

become an alcoholic. He would never in Salt Lake City. I parked my car talked to him at great length, and I

have taken that first drink, socially or in front of the office and right in persuaded him to go with me to the otherwise, if he had known. It is not front of a water fountain that was on alcoholic rehabilitation center, which

popular to take the first drink. It is acthe corner. My wife waited in the car was then located on Second South

tually dangerous. If you can only realwhile I went upstairs to sign some (you in Salt Lake City know where

ize that if and when you take your first letters and checks. When I came back that is), right above a beer parlor. We

drink you are probably on your way to to the car, two men were standing by met the director of that center and approaching alcoholism or on the road the water fountain. My wife had been talked to him for a while, and I

to becoming an alcoholic. Therefore, watching these two men. They were thought, "Oh, how cruel can we be

young people, middleaged people, and both very drunk. When I went to get to those men."Jack agreed to stay

older people, refrain from your first into my car, my wife asked me to look there and not leave. I called him every

drink. That is the safest and the at the two men. I did, but I could not day. If I did not call him, he would

surest way of avoiding the course of recognize either one of them. She had call me. He was already making progsorrow, disgrace, sadness, sickness, and been watching them for some time, ress now. He did not even want to

DECEMBER 1965 I109 leave that rehabilitation center. He mous was not very good. They needed good! I told the people that I had some

did not dare to leave because in order $160,000 to build them a new center very dear friends sitting in the congreto get out of there he had to come here and one in Ogden and one in gation and I would like to have them down some stairs and pass this beer Provo and one for women here in this stand. They knew whom I meant, and

parlor. So he stayed there day and city. We did not think it was fair to they stood. The people did not know

night, week after week. I did go to ask the Church to give that as a grant, their background, and I thought it

see him nearly every day, or he would so we asked them to loan it to us. I would be all right. When they stood

call me. Whenever I would go out of do not know whether they ever ex- I was proud of them. I now saw a

town, which was often—nearly every pected it back or not, but President different man than the one I saw on

poor willing those to help call the corner fountain. water was and tell by that would McKay meweekend—Jack

tell I that After glad to over, the services *to you men. were and remember am we met,me to hurry back

to pray for him, and he would pray that $160,000 loaned by the Church, exchanged greetings, and I went on for me. Yes, he was making great an interestbearing note—mortgages on my way and they went on their way.

progress. those places, signed by a lot of men in Two or three days later I received a

His wife had divorced him. He had this state—has now been reduced to letter from my friend Jack. Oh, it was

lost everything but that old T-shirt, about $66,000. a wonderful letter, stating that he

those dirty slacks, and moccasins. He Oh, the great blessing this has been thought that he had conquered the

had lost his wife, his son, his daughter, to these sad, downand-out men who habit that had ruined his life and the his business, and his health. Weeks come there. lives of his loved ones. He told me that

passed, and he continued to make progLater my friend felt strong enough he.had made his peace with God and

ress. He did not take a drink. Finally to go to his home in California. I again he hoped that he could make up to his

I sent word to his wife that he was corresponded with his wife and asked family the things of which he had making great progress. She did not berobbed them. Then he said, "I have so

lieve me, and I could not blame her. much to do and so little time in which

However, I asked her not to close the to do it."Those were his exact words.

door, but she wanted to wait and see The day after I received his letter, because she had already had so much the telephone rang and his wife was trouble, sadness, and disappointment. on the phone. She asked, "Have you

Months passed and he continued to heard about Jack?"And I thought for

make progress, not a drink in all that a moment, "Oh, I wonder if he has time. Later, he was made manager of started drinking again."I told her that

that alcoholic rehabilitation center, so I had not heard anything about him he could help others that came there since I left there and since I received just like he was. the letter from him. Then she told

To alcoholics and approaching alcome that they had not seen him the day holics, I wish you could have gone to before nor that morning; so the owner

that center and seen them bring in of the apartment went to his room, sick men, ruined men, sad men. I unlocked the door, and found my

have not the ability nor the strength friend dead in bed. He had died of a

to tell you the things that I saw in that heart attack in his sleep. He had

center with those men who had been abused his body shamefully for those ruined by liquor. I think I hated liquor many years. But I was glad it was not

more than I had ever done before in the other side of the question. I was

my life because I could see what it had glad that she was not telling me that done to my pal. he had started drinking again. He told

One night I came to see him as I me that he thought he had made his promised. It was not late, but he had peace with God and his family. I

gone to his room. They usually kept do not know whether he had, but I

their doors open, and his door was know he tried.

open. It was a very modest room her to meet his train and judge for herAlcoholics, you can quit. We pray

as you can imagine. Just a cot, a self the improvement that he had for you approaching alcoholics to stop

chair, and a dresser. As I looked into made. She did not want to do it, but now while you can. To all others, shun

his room, as his door was open and I knew that she always loved my pal, this dreaded curse as you would a his lights were off, I saw my friend on but he had caused her so much trouble. disease.

his knees by his bed in prayer beAnyway, she agreed to meet him with May God give strength to these alcocause he realized that he needed to ask her son and her daughter. I bade him holics, hope and faith, and above all,

God for strength. Then and there I goodbye here in Salt Lake City. His the desire to forsake this cursed disease.

knew he was making greater progress wife and his children did meet him To the approaching alcoholics, may than I realized. There is a divine spark and drove him to the community God bless you that you will have the

in every man's soul that never wholly where he lived, not far from Los strength to stop now while you can.

goes'out. After weeks and months he Angeles. He rented a room in an To youth and others, in your social

was strong enough to leave that center. apartment house not far from where hours and cocktail hours refrain comRight here I am glad to tell you that they lived. It so happened that I was pletely. Total abstinence is your only

through the help of the Church, and going to be in that area of Long Beach guarantee. There is no other way.

particularly with the understanding, to attend a stake conference and dediYes, we may declare war against lihelp, and approval of President David cate a meetinghouse. I told him and quor; we may declare was against dis-

O. McKay, that alcoholic rehabilitahis wife that I would be there. They ease. I am proud that the Alcoholics

tion center was moved away from that had not remarried yet, but they had Anonymous teaches and practices beer parlor. It was moved to a decent talked some about it because she now prayer and seeking divine guidance to

place, and another center in this city found that he had quit his drinking. give them strength to overcome this

was prepared for women. When I came to that meeting I was dreaded disease. There is no other way.

I was not going to mention this, thrilled to see in the congregation that Spirituality is as essential to a man's

President McKay, but I believe I will. morning my friend, his wife, his son, soul as vitamins are to his body. Facing

The credit of the Alcoholics Anonyand his daughter. Oh, they looked so this somewhat weary and insecure

mo THE IMPROVEMENT ERA world, the only thing that you will that he will help and bless those who Saul of Tarsus, while on his way to have to fortify you in time of need and sincerely repent and seek his divine Damascus to persecute the Saints, trouble is the spiritual strength that blessing. Every night I ask God to found en route the pearl of great price

you may be able to store up. If we do strengthen the alcoholics and prevent by the revelation of Jesus Christ. Few

not have that spiritual strength, we others from becoming alcoholics beare favored as Saul—who later becamemay not be able to stand the test nor cause I have seen what it did to one Paul the Apostle—with a heavenly

live under the stress of the times. of the finest boys who ever lived. I manifestation to change their ways

I bear testimony to you alcoholics humbly pray God to bless these men from evil purpose to the ways of that God lives, that he will answer and give them the strength, in the righteousness.

your prayers because he is your Father, name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Every soul earnestly and honestly

seeking the pearl of great price is entitled to the Holy Ghost to aid him or

Friday Morning Session, October 1, 1965 her in that quest.

Two significant gifts of the Holy

Ghost are the spirit of inspiration and revelation; and also a function of the

is to bear witness of the Son. the gift of This Pearl Beyond Price HolyFatherGhostand the By

Delbert L. Stapley that power, the honest investigator

Of the Council of the Twelve can learn and know the eternal truths of the kingdom of God with certainty

Brothers and sisters, we are tresacrifice all he had for ownership of of soul conviction. If an individual

mendously blessed by the presence of the goodly pearl. fails to yield to the enlightenment of

our beloved President David O. McKay Allegorically the Savior likens the the Holy Ghost, then the Spirit departs

and his dear wife, who is also here kingdom of heaven unto the merchantfrom him, and he is left to his own with him. President McKay always man seeking goodly pearls, signifying resources to struggle alone with his

brings light and spirit into any assemthat the true pearl of great price is problems.

bly where he is present. An evidence God's kingdom which, for man to be Men who by search and research

of this is the masterful sermon he gave happy and exalted, he must diligently discover the truths of the kingdom of us this morning. We should ponder it seek. heaven may have to abandon many of

in our hearts because the instruction This parable accords with the their cherished traditions and even and counsel are good. I humbly pray Savior's teaching upon the Mount their theories of imperfect philosophy

that the remarks I make will not dewhen he admonished: and science if they would possess the

tract from his splendid message. "... seek ye first the kingdom of pearl of great price, God's kingdom,

During the earthly mission of Jesus God, and his righteousness; and all which, with its standards, principles,

Christ, he often employed the parable these things shall be added unto you."ideals, and holy ordinances is the gosmethod of teaching his disciples and (Ibid., 6:33.) pel plan of life, salvation, exaltation,

others who sought after him. Parables When we relate the parable of the and glory.

were used by Christ to convey a moral goodly pearls and the challenge of our The Apostle Paul as Saul of Tarsus, or spiritual truth. His parables were Lord to seek first the kingdom of God, steeped as he was in the traditions of

based upon real scenes or events such we receive a more comprehensive unhis people and the Sanhedrin, had this as occur in nature and human life. derstanding of the parable dealing same choice to make. Importantly and

They are fundamental stories, true to with the pearl of great price. Pearls wisely he chose to follow Christ, which

life situations, employing given circumhave always held a high place among he did with a dedication to duty that stances or facts of one's experience and gems, and merchants have been active earned for him the title of the great have a vigorous moral and religious and diligent in seeking the largest and Apostle to the Gentiles. He was esapplication. The parables of Jesus richest to be had. Unlike the man in teemed and honored by his associates

were provokingly adapted to challenge the parable of the hidden treasure, and the Saints. The Apostle Paul is a

the understanding of his hearers. who, with little or no effort on his worthy example to all who find the

Let us consider the following parpart, found concealed in a field a prepearl of great price. As he completely

able: cious treasure of great worth, the changed his life, so others must have

"Again, the kingdom of heaven is merchant devoted his whole energy to the courage to change their way of like unto a merchant man, seeking the quest for goodly pearls; to find life to the new life, the true gospel

goodly pearls: and secure the best was his greatest that Christ offers.

"Who, when he had found one ambition and business. We understand that in this parable

pearl of great price, went and sold all When finally he beheld the pearl of the merchantman and the goodly that he had, and bought it."(Matt. that excelled all others, he gladly sold pearls, as in that of the hidden

13:4546.) all his other gems. Indeed, he sacritreasure, the price of possession is

This parable is most significant and ficed all that he had in gems and one's all. No individual can become a

meaningful; to appreciate its purpose other possessions and purchased the citizen of the kingdom of God by paris to understand the message. The depearl of great price. Seekers after tial surrender of his earlier allegiances.

sire of the merchantman dealing in truth may acquire much that is good He must renounce everything foreign pearls is to find the most priceless one and desirable but not find the greatest to the kingdom, or he can never be of all. Therefore, he earnestly seeks truth of all, the truth that shall save numbered therein.

and may travel extensively to world them and bring about their eternal If he willingly sacrifices all that he markets before he discovers the fabuexaltation and glory. Yet, if they seek has, he shall find that he has enough.

lous jewel which measures up to his persistently and with right intent and The cost of the hidden treasure and of expectations in standards of quality, are really in quest of pearls of truth the goodly pearl is not a fixed amount value, and iridescent beauty. Having and righteousness and not imitations alike for all; it is all one has, and the

found the pearl of great price, his joy or substitutes, they shall find, for the poorest may come into enduring posand happiness is not complete until Holy Ghost, which is the Spirit of session. His all is a sufficient purchase

the gem becomes his personal property. truth, shall guide them. (See James E. price. (See Talmage, op. cit., p. 294.)

To satisfy that desire, according to the Talmage, Jesus the Christ, pp. 293It is clearly seen that the key to

parable, the merchant was willing to 294.) finding the pearl of great price is to

DECEMBER 1965 mi earnestly seek for light and truth as uprightness; (3) to further emphasize "And also that we may preserve unto

found in the gospel of Christ. The standards, I quote in part the thirthem the words which have been

Lord has said: "Draw near unto me teenth article of our faith: spoken by the mouth of all the holy

and I will draw near unto you; seek "We believe in being honest, true, prophets, which have been delivered

me diligently and ye shall find me; chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in unto them by the Spirit and power of

..."(D&C 88:63.) doing good to all men;... If there is God, since the world began, even down

In Christ's Sermon on the Mount he anything virtuous, lovely, or of good unto this present time."(1 Nephi 3:

taught: "Ask, and it shall be given report or praiseworthy, we seek after 1920.)

you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, these things."With this record in their possession

and it shall be opened unto you:"Under the heading of ordinances we they were able to establish an enlight-

(Matt. 7:7.) include: (1) baptism by immersion for ened and a prosperous civilization in

Moroni, an ancient American prophthe remission of sins, (2) the laying the early Americas.

et, bidding farewell to his brethren on of hands for both confirmation and The Book of Mormon is largely a and to the gentiles, bore his witness bestowing the gift of the Holy Ghost, record of a branch of the house of to having seen Jesus and of talking (3) the bestowal of the Holy PriestIsrael, the covenant people of the with him face to face, and then adhood of God by the laying on of Lord, who came to the Americas about monished: hands, (4) ordinances in the temple of six hundred years before Christ. It is

"And now, I would commend you God, which include the endowment a companion book to the Bible to conto seek this Jesus of whom the prophets and eternal marriage ceremonies and vince both Jew and gentile that Jesus and apostles have written, that the vicarious work for the dead. is the Christ.

grace of God the Father, and also the Under covenants: (1) The gospel of The Doctrine and Covenants conLord Jesus Christ, and the Holy our Lord Jesus Christ is a covenant tains revelations given by the Lord

Ghost, which beareth record of them, between God and his people. (2) mainly to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

may be and abide in you forever."When baptized by an authorized serThe Pearl of Great Price—the title

(Ether 12:41.) vant of God, we covenant to do God's of the fourth named standard work

Lehi, an early American prophet, will and to obey his commandments. is taken from Christ's parable we are

counseled: (3) By partaking of the Sacrament we considering. The book contains the

"For he that diligently seeketh shall renew all covenants entered into with writings of the great prophets Moses find; and the mysteries of God shall the Lord and pledge ourselves to take and Abraham, also the twentyfourth

be unfolded unto them, by the power upon us the name of his Son, to alchapter of Matthew as revealed to the of the Holy Ghost, as well in these ways remember him and keep his Prophet Joseph Smith. These writings

times as in times of old, and as well commandments. (4) There is an oath are the word of God representing the

in times of old as in times to come; and covenant which belongs to the goodly pearl so precious for mankind

wherefore, the course of the Lord is priesthood wherein men receiving this to study prayerfully and to know. The

one eternal round."(1 Nephi 10:19.) holy power pledge themselves faithbook also has the Joseph Smith testiIt behooves many people to change fully to keep all the commandments mony and the Articles of Faith.

their place of residence and maybe of God and to magnify their callings Jesus counseled: "Search the scriptravel far to find the pearl of great in the priesthood, which is God's gift tures; for in them ye think ye have

price, and yet others may find it in of his power and authority unto them. eternal life: and they are they which

their communities or nearby. Men (5) In connection with all ordinances testify of me."(John 5:39.)

and women must sincerely put their pertaining to the temples of our God, Moroni, the last Nephite prophet, in heart and soul into seeking the true men and women accept covenants and his farewell message gave a marvelous gospel found in God's earthly kingobligations which relate to the endowtestimony to the truth of the Book of dom. They can so live as to tune in ment and to the eternity of the marMormon to all who read it with a

on the spiritual channel activated by riage and family relationship. All these sincere desire to know the truth:

the Holy Ghost and obtain by prayer doctrines and more are necessary and "And when ye shall receive these its companionship to guide them into vital to the salvation, exaltation, and things, I would exhort you that ye all truth from God. eternal happiness of God's children. would ask God, the Eternal Father, in

What should men and women look The final facet of the pearl of great the name of Christ, if these things are for to distinguish the kingdom of price for consideration is the scriptures not true; and if ye shall ask with a

heaven, the goodly pearl, from all referred to by the Latterday Saints as sincere heart, with real intent, having other churches? There are many facets "the four standard works,"which infaith in Christ, he will manifest the

to this goodly pearl. These facets are clude the Bible, the Book of Mormon, truth of it unto you, by the power of

principles, standards, ordinances, and the Doctrine and Covenants, and the the Holy Ghost.

covenants. The scriptures also provide Pearl of Great Price. If all the books "And by the power of the Holy

colorful facets of the goodly pearl. in the world were destroyed except the Ghost ye may know the truth of all

Limited time prevents a full discusfour standard works of the Church, things."(Moroni 10:4-5.)

sion of these items. The following few man would have the foundation of The Lord through the Prophet

comments must suffice. principles and moral and spiritual Joseph Smith challenged those reading

Under principles we can include values to reestablish his civilization the Doctrine and Covenants to:

the following: (1) free agency, as and rise again to lofty achievements "Search these commandments, for

mentioned by President David O. and happiness. they are true and faithful, and the

McKay, (2) faith in God and his BeThe Bible is listed first among the prophecies and promises which are in loved Son Jesus Christ, (3) sincere and four standard works of the Church and them shall all be fulfilled."(D&C 1:

sorrowing repentance for sins comis accepted by all Christian peoples. 37.)

mitted and refraining from being The Book of Mormon records that All things pertaining to the kingdom guilty of them again, (4) the Word Lehi, the first prophet of the Nephite of God are important for us to know.

of Wisdom, the Lord's law of health, nation, was counseled by the Lord that Our eternal happiness depends upon which he gave as a principle with before his family and others departed abiding the Lord's gospel plan. It is

promise. (D&C 89.) the land of Jerusalem to the Americas, man's obligation to seek and to find

Under standards are: (1) chastity, they must obtain a copy of the book this pearl of great price and then have

virtue, and moral cleanliness; (2) inof the Lord, so that, said he, "... we the courage of faith and conviction to

tegrity which includes honesty, sinmay preserve unto our children the accept and to obey the gospel of the cerity of purpose, truthfulness, and language of our fathers; kingdom.

1112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tens of thousands of people in The standing and peace. The menacing bless and enlighten the earnest

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday conflicts and threat of more and seekers for truth with faith to believe

Saints have met this challenge ungreater conflicts but presages the and with courage to accept when the flinchingly because they sought and holocausts to follow. Man's ways are truth is presented to them. We are the

found the truth and had the courage failing. Perhaps it is time for God's custodians of these great principles and

of their convictions to accept it in full ways to take over now that all else truths. We have a tremendous responfaithfulness. That many men and seemingly is falling apart. The world sibility of sharing what the Lord has

women today are truly searching for needs the pearl of great price, which revealed to us with our fellowmen.

the pearl of great price is evidenced by is God's kingdom, and it needs it May we be true to this trust, I humbly the large attendance of people to the today as never before. pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

religious exhibits at the New York Now brothers and sisters, may God Amen.

World's Fair. I should like to share

with you a few statements of people visiting the church pavilion at the

World's Fair. These few favorable

comments can be multiplied many, are people from andmanyfold aredifferent faiths earnestly and who of The Laws of Man and of God honestly searching for the -pearl of Alvin R. Dyer

price:great

quite an eye opener. I was Assistant to the Council of the Twelve It was

completely unaware of this faith. I As we once again assemble in this from man's unwillingness to heed

would like to learn more. historic building in the presence of certain laws which he does not find

I am very interested in your religion the prophets of God, both departed compatible with the way he seeks to since going through the exhibit. and living, as we feel the surging faith live. Few men break every law, and

Found it extremely interesting, of the Saints, we say to ourselves, Here for that matter few men keep every have seen nothing equal to it as far is the peace that transcends all things. law. The decaying drift in the modern

as religion is concerned. Here is found the true understanding. man's way. of life can perhaps be

Mormon literalism is perhaps the There is an ancient proverb that detraced to the usurped right to live by closest thing to original Christianity scribes the opposite: "He loveth transthe laws that he feels are good laws

on earth today. gression that loveth strife: and he that for him, rejecting and often violating

I think I have found the answer to exalteth his gate seeketh destruction."the ones that he personally feels are

my questions. Thank you. (Prov. 18:19.) bad laws.

I love the way you stay with the As we listened to the words of Charles E. Whittaker, associate justeachings of Christ. President McKay this morning, we tice of the United States Supreme

It was a highly enlightening experiwere reminded of the influence that a Court, now retired, makes this signifience. I would like to know more about good man can have upon another. cant statement concerning conditions

it to make a decision. Being in his near presence recently in America, and what is said of

Words seem too inadequate to exbrought to mind a verse that I have America in this regard may be rightly press the depth and beauty I see in often associated with him. true in other lands where constituted

your religion. "I saw him once, he stood a moment law exists for the protection of the

It was truly wonderful, and I am there, people. Says he:

very impressed. I am considering lookHe spoke a word that laid his spirit "'Obey the good laws, but breach

ing into this religion more. bare. the bad ones.'Who is to be the umpire

This is the word of the Lord and He grasped my hand then passed that will determine which are good his prophet. beyond my ken and which are bad? Does not that

true—whatI have stronghas beenfeelingssaid here,that thisI seemis But what I was I shall(Authornot unknown.)be again."theyclichedoinvitenot like?men Ifto weviolateallowthemenlawsto

to remember I lived before. There are two particular declarations obey only the laws they like, will we

I was soul searching when I first in the Articles of Faith of The Church not be trading ordered liberty for saw the pavilion. I have since become of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints chaos? Though we have, as we justi-

a member of this Mormon Church. that pertain to man's national conduct fiably and proudly boast, a Government

I know this is the word of the Lord. and spiritual behavior. Obedience to of laws and not of men, we must rec-

I am grateful to you for this pavilion the mandates of the law referred to in ognize that even this virtue can be lost, which meant my conversion to the one of the declarations and the and that no man is protected by the

Church. spiritual instructions of the other law unless all are equally bound by

These comments are interesting and provide for man his greatest opporand required to obey it. No man will

challenging to both church members tunity for success, happiness, and real be secure in his just rights if power is and nonmembers alike. It should give personal progress. given to, or held to exist in, the Govall of us a real pride of belonging to I refer first to the twelfth article: ernment to prefer some over others.

the Church we testify to the world "We believe in being subject to kings, Would not such a concept make a in all sincerity and solemnity as being presidents, rulers, and magistrates, in mockery of the constitutional doctrine the only true Church of Christ on obeying, honoring, and sustaining the of 'equal protection of the laws'?"

earth today. Although church memlaw. As a parallel to this, and with

bers have in the gospel the pearl of Governmental agencies, both local greater significance, I refer secondly great price, yet complacency, inactivand national, report the astonishing to the other article pertaining to spiriity, failure to keep the commandments annual increases in crime and other tual laws by which man may attain will never save them. We must be flagrant violations of law and order. perfection in that kind of ordered,

doers of the word and not hearers only. These violations, both individually righteous existence extending to eternal

Where much is given, much is exand mass committed, have reached the life, as a continuance of premortal and pected. If we are true to the faith of point now where they affect the lives mortal existence: "We believe all that

our Lord, God will prosper his work and security of every individual, if not God has revealed, all that He does and kingdom. The kingdom of God is directly, then indirectly. It is obvious now reveal, and we believe that He

the only hope of the world for underthat the causes of law violations stem will yet reveal many great and imDECEMBER 1965 1113 portant things pertaining to the Kingthe divine laws that God has revealed "... I have commanded you to

dom of God."(Ninth article of faith.) for the salvation of mankind can be bring up your children in light and

In the wise words of Paul the rectified only as God reinstitutes them. truth."(D&C 93:40.)

Apostle, we learn of a distinction be- A people without this divine contact Speaking then of the disorder and tween the laws of God and the laws with God the Father or people who the confusion that would come of men. For the wisdom of God, orfail in obedience to divine communicathrough the failure to heed this

dained before the world was, is hidden tion from such contact cannot claim commandment of the Lord, he conunto man as man, as also are the rightfully the distinction of belonging tinued in these verses which were things that God has prepared for man to his Church and kingdom. directed to an associate through the

after mortal existence. Said Paul: May we paraphrase the words of Prophet Joseph Smith:

"But we speak the wisdom of God Associate Justice Whittaker given in "You have not taught your children in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, behalf of the laws of the land, but light and truth, according to the which God ordained before the world with application to the revelations commandments; and that wicked one

unto our glory: from God. If men obeyed only the hath power, as yet, over you, and this

"Which none of the princes of this laws of God which they like, what is the cause of your affliction.

world knew:... would be the end? Would this not be "And now a commandment I give

"Which things also we speak, not trading the way to perfection for that unto you—if you will be delivered you

in the words which man's wisdom of a watereddown existence that shall set in order your own house, for teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost would portray men as living without there are many things that are not teacheth; comparing spiritual things purpose? right in your house."(Ihid., 93:4243.)

with spiritual."(1 Cor. 2:7-8, 13.) The ancient prophet Moroni, whose To the hundreds of thousands of

It is selfevident that from the bestatue stands on the spire of the Latterday Saint families who are ginning of man's placement into an temple adjacent to this building, obedient to this divine counsel, there earthlife existence, he has necessarily spoke of the expediency of revelation is evolving order out of chaos in their been under reliance upon God for in this manner: family lives, righteous purpose out of

direction. Thus, emanating from the "And again I speak unto you who lack of direction, a greater appreciacenter of all intelligence, from the deny the revelations of God, and say tion for each individual, which is

presence or throne of God the Father, that they are done away, that there pleasing unto God, and a greater there has come unto man by revelaare no revelations, nor prophecies, nor sense of coordinated values, which tion, which is the divine means of gifts, nor healing, nor speaking with builds personal strength, inducing a communication between God and tongues, and the interpretation of power of restraint against superficial man, the wisdom of the eternities pertongues; things. Truly the righteous, welltaining to man's earthlife existence "Behold I say unto you, he that ordered home, if the leaders of nations

and his destiny. denieth these things knoweth not the could accept it, is the panacea for their

An ancient prophet declared how gospel of Christ; yea, he has not read most serious problems. Here is God, if

this enlightenment would come unto the scriptures; if so, he does not underwe all will but accept it, communicatman when he said, "Surely the Lord stand them. ing with his children and pointing the

God will do nothing, but he revealeth "For do we not read that God is the way.

his secret unto his servants the same yesterday, today, and forever, In a letter recently received from prophets."(Amos 3:7.) and in him there is no variableness the executive secretary of one of the

Unfortunately, however, man is not neither shadow of changing?"(Morlarge Christian denominations in

willing to accept all of the revelations mon 9:7-9.) America who upon request had been

from God. And often, as we have obIn a revelation given to Joseph sent a complete digest of the Family

served with regard to physical or Smith at Kirtland, Ohio, in June 1833, Home Evening program of this Church natural laws, man assumes a position the Lord explains why certain ones as it has been printed, this was said:

of selection as to which of the laws of who even had been ordained were not "The Family Home Evening program

God he will obey. Indicating how man chosen. Said he: "They who are not of the Mormon Church has lifted and

from the beginning has tampered with chosen have sinned a very grievous inspired us."

and changed the laws of God to suit sin, in that they are walking in darkOther revelations from God have his own condition, Zwingli, the Swiss ness at noonday."(D&C 95:6.) been given and are continually being

reformer, made this statement in Similarly, those who are of the chilgiven unto the prophets, and by

Zurich in 1523, and it is as true today dren of the light, having been made obedience to them, without screening as then. Said he: partakers of the revelations from God, or deleting those that seem unfavorable

"From the remotest times God has but who fail in obedience to them, to us, we can find the answers and made known His will to the human walk in darkness at noonday. develop the power to fulfill our

race.... This word is clear in and of An example of revelation from God earthlife purpose.

itself; but by human additions and concerns parents'responsibility to To have a prophet of God in our

teachings it has, for years and espeteach their children to walk uprightly midst, with the opportunity to follow cially in our time, been troubled and before God and man. Anciently a his counsel and direction as he is inbefogged, so that the greater part of prophet of God declared, "Train up a spired of God, is a compelling force.

these who are called Christians, know child in the way he should go: and I remember, as a boy, attending a

less of nothing than of the divine will, when he is old, he will not depart from priesthood meeting with my father. I

but know only an imagined worship it."(Prov. 22:6.) A full interpretation sat close by with my hand in his most

and mistaken holiness based on exof this scripture implies righteousness of the meeting, especially since the ternals alone."(Cited in James L. on the part of the parents and a speaker, Apostle James E. Talmage,

Barker, The Protestors of Christendom, teaching of their way unto the chilspoke of the perils and deceptions of p. 182.) dren. In our own day and time, prethe last days which would try the

Continuous revelations from God saging a great need in the safeguarding faith of the members. One of the men

unto his servants the prophets in every of the lives of our children and the in the meeting stood and asked Brothdispensation of mortal time, and esperighteous stabilization of the family er Talmage the question: "What will

cially in our own day and times, is unit, which is the core of any civilibe the best thing for us to do in that essential in preserving the purity of zation, the Lord has reinstituted this day?"I shall never forget his answer.

divine communications. The observed divine communication unto parents, "My brother, see that you follow the

mutations that men have made with for said he: counsel and direction of the prophet,

1114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for he is God's representative upon the the gospel of Jesus Christ by Joseph voice of God saying, This is my beearth, and he will know."Smith unto this very minute, living loved Son, etc."Answering his own

I bear my testimony unto you that prophets have been in communication question, the Prophet continued,

God has revealed his mind and will with God for the salvation of the "Though they might hear the voice of unto man in our own modern day, human race and have presided over God and know that Jesus was the Son restoring divine laws, by obedience to his Church and kingdom here upon of God, this would be no evidence which man can attain salvation and the earth for this purpose. And this that their election and calling was

exaltation; that since the heralding of testimony I bear in the name of Jesus made sure, that they had part with

this last and greatest dispensation of Christ. Amen. Christ, and were joint heirs with Him.

They then would want that more sure word of prophecy, that they were sealed in the heavens and had the promise of eternal life in the kingdom

Making Our Calling and Election Sure ofsealedGod.untoThen,them,havingit wasthisan promiseanchor

Marion G. Romney to the soul, sure and steadfast. Though

Of the Council of the Twelve the thunders might roll and lightnings flash, and earthquakes bellow, and

Brethren and sisters: I stand before you I am not deeply disturbed over war gather thick around, yet this hope

you today in deep humility. The words the final results. I am reconciled and and knowledge would support the

I intend to speak will have little mean- I reach my hands to take what my soul in every hour of trial, trouble ing unless they are impressed upon our Father has for me, be it life or death... and tribulation."

souls by the power of the Holy Spirit. "As to the future, I have no misThen speaking directly to his listen-

I sincerely invite you to join with me givings. It is inviting and glorious, and ers, the Prophet continued:

in praying that they will be so im- I sense rather clearly what it means to "... I would exhort you to go on

pressed. be saved by the redeeming blood of and continue to call upon God until

The theme I have in mind to discuss Jesus Christ and to be exalted by his you make your calling and election is "Making One's Calling and Election power and be with him ever more."sure for yourselves, by obtaining this

Sure."To do this one must receive a (The Deseret News Church Section, more sure word of prophecy,..."

divine witness that he will inherit March 27, 1949, p. 24.) (DHC, 5, 388389.)

eternal life. The supreme objective of Now I come directly to my theme: A week later, May 21, 1843, the

men who understand God, their re- I take my text from Second Peter, Prophet preached another sermon on lationship to him, and his designs for and as he did, I direct my remarks the same text, from which I quote:

them is to gain eternal life. This is as "... to them that have obtained like "We have no claim in our eternal

it should be, for eternal life "... is the precious faith with us...."(2 Peter compact, in relation to eternal things,

greatest of all the gifts of God."(D&C 1:1.) unless our actions and contracts

14:7.) To bring men to eternal life is Peter, having put the Saints in reand all things tend to this end. But

God's "work and glory."To this end membrance of gospel fundamentals, after all this, you have got to make

he conceives, brings into being, directs, admonished them to "... give diliyour calling and election sure. If this

and uses all his creations. (Moses 1:38gence to make your calling and elecinjunction would lie largely on those

39.) tion sure: for if ye do these things, ye to whom it was spoken,"he said, "how

Eternal life is the quality of life shall never fall:"(Ibid., 1:10.) much more those of the present generawhich God himself enjoys. The gospel By making their calling and election tion!"And then in conclusion, "It is

plan, authored by the Father and put sure, the Saints were to gain entrance one thing to be on the mount and hear into operation by the atonement of "... into the everlasting kingdom of the excellent voice, etc., etc., and anJesus Christ, brings eternal life within our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ."other to hear the voice declare to you,

the reach of every man. The Lord gave To this fact Peter bore powerful witYou have a part and lot in that kingthis assurance when he said, "... if ness. He reviewed his experience on dom."(Ibid., 5, 403.)

you keep my commandments and enthe Mount of Transfiguration with These two sermons were given by the dure to the end you shall have eternal James and John, where, he says, they Prophet just thirteen months before his life,..."(D&C 14:7.) heard the voice of "... God the martyrdom. Four years earlier, howThe fullness of eternal life is not Father..."declare of Jesus, "This is ever, he had thus instructed the

attainable in mortality, but the peace my beloved Son, in whom I am well Twelve: "After a person has faith in

which is its harbinger and which comes pleased."Then by way of instruction Christ, repents of his sins, and is

as a result of making one's calling and that such an experience did not of baptized for the remission of his sins election sure is attainable in this life. itself make one's calling and election and receives the Holy Ghost, (by the

The Lord has promised that "... he sure, he added, "We have also a more laying on of hands), which is the first

who doeth the works of righteousness sure word of prophecy;..."(Ibid., Comforter, then let him continue to

shall receive his reward, even peace in 1:11, 17, 19.) humble himself before God, hungerthis world, and eternal life in the Speaking on Sunday, the 14th of ing and thirsting after righteousness,

world to come."(Ibid., 59:23.) May, 1843, the Prophet Joseph Smith and living by every word of God, and

I think the peace here referred to is took this statement of Peter for his text. the Lord will soon say unto him, Son,

implicit in the Prophet's statement, From the Prophet's sermon I quote: thou shalt be exalted. When the Lord

"I am going like a lamb to the slaugh- "Notwithstanding the apostle exhorts has thoroughly proved him, and finds ter, but I am calm as a summer's them to add to their faith, virtue, that the man is determined to serve morning. I have a conscience void of knowledge, temperance, etc., yet he Him at all hazards, then the man will

offense toward God and toward all exhorts them to make their calling and find his calling and his election made men."(DEC, 6, 555.) election sure. And though they had sure, then it will be his privilege to

I also think it is implicit in this heard an audible voice from heaven receive the other Comforter, which the statement of the late Apostle Alonzo bearing testimony that Jesus was the Lord hath promised the Saints, as is

A. Hinckley which he wrote in a Son of God, yet he says we have a more recorded in the testimony of St. John,

letter to the First Presidency after he sure word of prophecy.... Now in the 14th chapter,..."(Ibid., 3,

had been advised by his physician that wherein could they have a more sure 380.)

his illness would be fatal: "I assure word of prophecy than to hear the In the 88th section of the Doctrine

DECEMBER 1965 1115 and Covenants is recorded a revelation Paul in his second epistle to Timothe least to the greatest of them; therein which the Lord, addressing some of thy wrote: "... I am now ready to be fore thy name is written in heaven, no

the early Saints in Ohio, said: "... I offered, and the time of my departure more to be blotted out for ever...."

now send upon you another Comforter, is at hand. (Orson F. Whitney, Life of Heber C.

even upon you my friends, that it may "I have fought a good fight, I have Kimball, 1888 ed., p. 253. Italics

abide in your hearts, even the Holy finished my course, I have kept the added.)

Spirit of promise; which other Comfaith: To the Prophet Joseph Smith the

forter is the same that I promised unto "Henceforth there is laid up for me Lord said: "... I am the Lord thy God

my disciples, as is recorded in the a crown of righteousness, which the and will be with thee even unto the testimony of John. Lord, the righteous judge, shall give end of the world, and through all

"This Comforter is the promise me at that day:..."(2 Tim. -4:6-8.) eternity; for verily 1 seal upon you

which I give unto you of eternal life, In this dispensation many have reyour exaltation, and prepare a throne even the glory of the celestial kingceived like assurances. In the spring of for you in the kingdom of my Father,

dom;"(D&C 88:3-4.) 1839, while the Prophet Joseph and with Abraham your father"(D&C

I should think that every faithful his associates were languishing in 132:49. Italics added.)

Latterday Saint "... would want that Liberty Jail, Heber C. Kimball labored Now in conclusion, I give you my

more sure word of prophecy, that they against great odds caring for the Saints own witness. I know that God our

were sealed in the heavens and had and striving to free the brethren. On Father lives, that we are, as Paul said,

the promise of eternal life in the kingthe 6th of April he wrote: his offspring. I know that we dwelt

dom of God."(DHC, 5, 388.) "My family having been gone about in his presence in preearth life and

As I read the sacred records, I find two months, during which time I heard that we shall continue to live beyond recorded experiences of men in all nothing from them; our brethren being the grave. I know that we may return

dispensations who have had this sure in prison; death and destruction folinto his presence, if we meet his terms.

anchor, to their souls, this peace in lowing us everywhere we went; I felt I know that while we are here in

their hearts. very sorrowful and lonely. The followmortality there is a means of communiLehi's grandson Enos so hungered ing words came to my mind, and the cation between him and us. I know

after righteousness that he cried unto Spirit said unto me, 'write,'which I it is possible for men to so live that the Lord until "... there came a voice did by taking a piece of paper and they may hear his voice and know his

unto [him from heaven] saying: Enos, writing on my knee as follows:..."words and that to receive "the Holy

thy sins are forgiven thee, and thou This is what he wrote as dictated Spirit of promise"while here in morshalt be blessed."Years later he reby the Lord: tality is possible. And so, in the words

vealed the nature of this promised "Verily I say unto my servant Heber, of the Prophet Joseph, "... I...

blessing when he wrote: thou art my son, in whom I am well exhort you to go on and continue to

"... I soon go to the place of my pleased; for thou art careful to hearken call upon God until [by the more

rest, which is with my Redeemer; for to my words, and not transgress my sure word of prophecy] you make your

I know that in him I shall rest. And law, nor rebel against my servant calling and election sure for your-

I rejoice in the day when my mortal Joseph Smith, for thou hast a respect to selves,..."(DHC, 5, 389.)

shall put on immortality, and shall the words of mine anointed, even from In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

stand before him; then shall I see his

face with pleasure, and he will say unto me: Come unto me, ye blessed, Friday Afternoon Session, October 1, 1965

there is a place prepared for you in the mansions of my Father."(Enos 5, 27.)

To Alma the Lord said: "Thou art

my servant; and I covenant with thee

that thou shalt have eternal life;..."

26:20.)(Mosiah twelve Nephite disciples the Keeping God's Laws vs The Burden of Sin To his

Master said: "What is it that ye desire President A. Theodore Tuttle

of me, after that I am gone to the Of the First Council of the Seventy

Father? "And they all spake, save it were I would like to visit with the young pointed his finger at us and said:

three, saying: We desire that after we people of the Church this afternoon. "Young men, I want you to remember

have lived unto the age of man, that I would like to relate several experi-—and never to forget—that when you

our ministry, wherein thou hast, called ences that have made a deep impresare ordained to the Aaronic Priesthood us, may have an end, that we may sion on 'my life. as deacons, you will hold more power

speedily come unto thee in thy kingOne of them occurred nearly thirtyin your little finger than the king of dom. five years ago down in Manti in a England, because those who ordain

"And he said unto them: Blessed are testimony meeting when I was twelve you will have the authority direct

ye because ye desired this thing of me; years of age. Several of us boys were from God."

therefore, after that ye are seventy and to be ordained deacons in the Aaronic I did not realize at the time the two years old ye shall come unto me in Priesthood. We were called to the magnitude of what he said, but

my kingdom; and with me ye shall front of the chapel where we stood as through the years I have reflected on

find rest."(3 Nephi 28:1-3.) our names were presented. Then, after it many times. I have come to realize

As Moroni labored in solitude, the sustaining vote, we were asked to that by virtue of the priesthood which abridging the Jaredite record, he resit on the stand. During the testimony we hold, we do have more power to

ceived from the Lord this comforting meeting which followed, I remember save ourselves and ultimately others assurance: "... thou hast been faiththat my grandpa Beal bore his testithan any earthly ruler, for power to

ful; wherefore, thy garments shall be mony. As was his usual custom, he move oneself or others toward exaltamade clean. And because thou hast seen came up to the front of the congregation comes only from God—from

thy weakness thou shalt be made strong, tion and spoke. I remember only one whence this priesthood comes. Our

even unto the sitting down in the place part of his testimony, but it made an obligation as young people is to honor which I have prepared in the mansions indelible impression on my memory. the priesthood and maintain the high

of my Father."(Ether 12:37.) As he turned to us young boys, he standards of the Church.

1116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our friends can help us do that, and is difficult, if not impossible, to live them, and so it is with anyone who we can help our friends. One of my them. But it is not nearly so hard to tries to violate the laws which God

friends told me his experience. He said: live the standards as not to live them. has given to us for our own happiness.

"When I was growing up in our town This was impressed upon me some They are for our good, and when we my friend and I used to hear lots of years ago as I interviewed a young girl violate them, we suffer spiritually, the boys swearing and taking the name of seventeen or eighteen years of age. physically, and emotionally. Rememof the Lord in vain. This offended us. She said: "I have broken all of the ber, oh youth, it's not nearly so hard

Our parents had taught us not to Ten Commandments, except the sixth to live the commandments as not to swear. We knew that we should not one, and lots of other laws besides."live them.

take the name of the Lord in vain. During the course of the interview, The burden of keeping the comOne day as we were talking about this, which, incidentally, was conducted mandments of the Lord is light commy friend and I promised each other behind bars, she confessed ashamedly pared to the burden of sin which we

we made a covenant—that we would some of the sins which she had comcarry when we violate the commandnever take the name of the Lord in mitted. Near the close of the interview ments of God. The Savior said, "Come

vain. During the intervening years, she pulled up the sleeve of her sweater unto me, all ye that labour and are

each of us kept the vow which we had and pointed to the telltale puncture heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

made. wounds left by a hypodermic needle. "Take my yoke upon you, and learn

"A few years later,"he said, "I "Those aren't mosquito bites,"she of me; for I am meek and lowly in

moved away from our home town to a said pathetically. I asked her if she heart: and ye shall find rest unto your

farm in another valley. It was there had found happiness in the type of souls.

that I met head on with trouble. We life she had lived. As she shook her "For my yoke is easy, and my burden

were hauling hay one hot summer day head negatively, tears began to fill her is light."(Matt. 11:2830.)

and had taken a break for lunch. After eyes. She buried her head in her arms May you, the youth of this Church,

we unhitched the horses, my father and sobs literally racked her body. As remember, as my grandpa Beal imsent me down to the well with a gallon I watched her suffer, helpless at the pressed upon us deacons that day, that

jug to bring back some cool water. I moment to bring much comfort, I there is more authority in the priestmounted one of our work horses and thought of the statement of Alma, hood of God than in the hand of any

loped down to the well. After filling made in the Book of Mormon: "Bemonarch that ever lived. While you'll

the jug I put my finger through the hold, I say unto you, wickedness never find it the greatest challenge in life handle, threw the jug over the back was happiness."(Alma 41:10.) to be true to the high standards which

of the horse, and tried to jump up on I have thought since of the statement you know—as did my friend who reget before I couldits back. comat But the beginat his swearing B. of Cecil pented DeMille made

horse, it thepletely wheeled he on easier, find the I promise of horse—you'llyou, to keep ning Ten film The Commandaround and started off on a trot back ments. Most of you have seen it. You the commandments of God than not

to the hayrack, jogging me on his back. will recall how, at the beginning of to keep them. You needn't carry the

There I was, half on and half off, the motion picture, he walked through heavy burden of sin if you will carry bouncing along on the bony withers those large curtains and came onto the his burden, for the Lord has said, of that horse. My finger was so twisted stage to give a short introduction to "Come unto me,... and ye shall find

it was about to break with the weight the film. As I remember he said somerest unto your souls. For my yoke is

of that jug of water. I tried to jerk thing like this: "The history of maneasy, and my burden is light."(Idem.)

on the reins to stop the horse with the kind teaches us that we cannot break I bear you my humble witness that other hand, but he would not stop."God's laws, rather we break ourselves God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that

Then my friend continued, "With against them."President David O. McKay is the

everything going all wrong I got so I thought of this girl behind bars prophet and mouthpiece of the Lord angry that I swore at the horse and she had not broken God's laws at all, on the earth today, in the name of took the name of the Lord in vain. but rather had broken herself against Jesus Christ. Amen.

At the very moment I did this, I realized what I had done. A great wave

of guilt swept over me because I had broken my covenant with my friend.

offended that worse, I hadBut I knew to failed be true Select Associates Living Our Standardsthe Lord, I had and to the standard I knew. As I finally Eldred G. Smith

managed to fall off of the horse, I Patriarch to the Church kneeled immediately—right there in

the stubble of the field—and asked With the help of the Lord and an they would in proper time have the

the Lord to forgive me. I vowed again, interest in your faith and prayers, I opportunity of going to the temple and

this time with repentant fervor, that I would like to continue a little thought receiving the sealing blessings. Of

would never again break the pledge along the same line that Brother course any such rule would have the which my friend and I had made Tuttle has been talking to us, and prerequisite that you live the law about swearing."which we have heard also from Presiyourself, of which we have heard toAnd he said, "I never have."dent Joseph Fielding Smith today. day, that you live all the law of the

As young people, we ofttimes think I think our young people in the gospel, keep the commandments of the it's hard to live the standards of the Church, right down inside, all have a Lord, that you yourself would be

Church because they are so high. It is desire to get married in the temple, to worthy.

true that no church on earth has live the laws, and to receive the blessMany girls worry about the opporhigher standards than The Church of ings of the Church. As I have talked tunity of marrying in the temple.

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints with many of these young people, I With young men, I think it is their you'd expect that to be so, wouldn't have learned a little rule that I have responsibility to find the young lady you? Would the true Church of Christ offered to them. Those who would like and take her to the temple. With the

have lower standards than a manmade to receive the blessings of the gospel, young lady it is a little bit different.

high—sochurch? Becausedifferentourfromstandardsthe standardsare so thethat blessingsif they wouldof exaltation,follow thisI suggestlittle doesn'tShe has haveto acceptthe anresponsibilityinvitation. Sheofof the world—we tend to feel that it rule, it would be almost automatic that leadership, and so she has to wait for

DECEMBER 1965 1117 an invitation. Most young ladies have living the church standards. a young man who would be eligible

a way of getting an invitation, and we Then if you make dates with a to take you to the temple?"

don't seem to object to that. But to young man who is not living the I have had many experiences talking

these young ladies I would suggest standards of the Church, the young with young ladies who were mixed up that they follow this little rule, and men who are living the standards will with an undesirable boy friend who to the young men it would be just say to themselves, "Well, if she goes could not take her to the temple, and the other side of the coin. I would out with that fellow, I don't want to in every case I have found that she

say to the young ladies, first, you don't have anything to do with her."Then has become acquainted with this unhave to worry about the boys if you you wonder why you don't get oppordesirable boy friend through a girl

will make sure that all of your girl tunities to date with the nicer boys. friend who was not living the stanfriends with whom you closely assoWhen a young man starts looking dards of the Church.

ciate are living the standards of the for a companion for life, he doesn't We have heard the expression

Church. want a girl just as good as he is; he "Birds of a feather flock together."

I have young people come to me wants one who is just a little bit better, You select those with whom you from all parts of the world where we and he usually gets her. Ask most associate, those who are living the

have membership, and they will often married men if that isn't just about standards of the Church, and of course say, "In our area there aren't very right. So the young man won't look that requires that you live the stanmany members of the Church."And for the girl who is just his level in dards of the Church; and by that

they say, "We don't have the opporthis group to become his companion. process in the natural course of events,

tunity of finding companions who are He will try to select the finest, loveyou will have the privilege of marriage members of the Church."liest, cleanest girl in that group that in the temple for time and all eternity.

Membership in the Church isn't he can get, and if you are one of the Continue the activities in the the main requirement in this case. The better girls in that group, you are auxiliaries; that is why we have auxmain requirement is that they live the likely to be his target. iliaries, the MIA and Sunday School,

standards of the Church, and we have I had a woman come to me who to give our people an opportunity heard today some principles regarding had been married out of the Church of associating together so that they the standards of the Church, the high against counsel and then divorced, may have associates who are living ideals which the Church sets for and then she came to me with the standards of the Church—so

righteous and clean living, and there her problems, and goodness knows that when the time comes and they are many people in the world who are she needed help. When I started are ready, they may go to the house

not members of the Church who are to describe to her the type of man she of the Lord to be sealed for time and living good lives. You find these people should have married, she said to me, eternity and open the door of opporto associate with, if you can't find "Where do you find such pious men?"tunity of receiving the blessings of

good members of the Church; but at I asked her what kind of young girls exaltation in the celestial kingdom.

any rate, whether they are members she associated with before she was I want to bear witness that this is the or not, associate with those who are married, what percentage of her girl true gospel of Jesus Christ, the way by living the standards of the Church. friends lived the standards of the which we may obtain these blessings

If we were to isolate ourselves from Church or kept the Word of Wisdom; of exaltation, that this is his Church

those who are not members of the and she said, "Well, about fifty or upon the earth, and that David O. McChurch, we would be depriving ourseventy-five percent of my girl friends Kay is his prophet and our President

selves of opportunities of teaching the did not even live the Word of Wisof his Church on the earth—the kinggospel to many who are worthy and dom."There was the answer. dom of God. I bear you this testimony

who are seeking the gospel. So this I said, "How did you expect to find in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

gives us an opportunity of doing missionary work with those who are not members and who are good, clean, young people. If one of your friends

starts practices we don't approve of,

If better. accepts she teach heryou a Our Lord and Master will teaching, have youyour made

lifelong friend. If she does not accept Alma Sonne

your teaching, you will not have made Assistant to the Council of the Twelve an enemy, but you will have won her respect. My brethren and sisters: I have been but look into the sky and see the sun,

Let's follow this rule and analyze impressed as you have by the proceedthe moon, and the stars and observe how it works out. I say to the young ings of this conference, and I was their regularity as they glide through

men, they should associate with young particularly impressed by the wonderspace. I have always been impressed

men who are living the standards of ful sermon delivered here this morning with the majesty of the universe. We

the Church. If a young woman is by President David O. McKay. I hope see enough of it to be profoundly

associating with a group of her girl the Latterday Saints will remember touched by its grandeur and vastness.

friends who are living the standards that sermon and will cherish it as long There is no confusion in nature.

of the Church, it will be automatic as they live. Every one of its manifestations is a

that young men who are living the I quote from Psalm nineteen: solemn declaration of a supreme

standards of the Church will become "The heavens declare the glory of power, a supreme knowledge, and a her associates. And if there is one girl God; and the firmament sheweth his supreme design. It is not the result

in the group who is not living the handywork. of chance, for the Creator is the

standards of the Church, then she will "Day unto day uttereth speech, and source of intelligence and order. And

introduce to her girl friends young night unto night sheweth knowledge. intelligence is his glory, and it operates

men who are not living the standards "There is no speech nor language, perfectly and is in harmony with esof the Church. A young man always where their voice is not heard."(Psalm tablished law. I see all this, and I am

wants to date the loveliest girls in his 19:1-3.) sustained by an "unfaltering trust."

acquaintance. Then through the girl The testimony of nature is strong I look around me, and I see the

friend who is not living the church and convincing regarding the existence green fields, the flowers, the trees, standards come the boys who are not of an overruling Providence. One need and the shrubbery, and in the autumn,

1118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I see the earth illuminated with red thew, Mark, Luke, and John are figof heaven and earth and is the way and gold before nature goes to rest. I ments of the imagination—false and to peace on earth and goodwill to men.

witness God's handiwork. It bears the unfounded. The same can be said of They marvel at the beauty of his creamark of a superior intelligence which Peter's positive and fervent testimony tions, and they accept his divine

is beyond my meager comprehension. regarding the man he called Lord and leadership and agree with Paul the

I can conscientiously conclude that Master, and of the restored gospel and Apostle that Jesus is also the author there is a divine plan which provides the divine calling of Joseph Smith the of the plan of life and salvation.

for man's future when and where prophet of the latter days. "Mormonism"declares to all the world

mortality ends. I can join with the But they were not mistaken. All of that Jesus Christ lived upon the earth

prophets and seers in the revelations them, without exception, gave their in the meridian of time; that he

from God and accept them as God's testimonies as eyewitnesses. We may preached the Sermon on the Mount to

commandments. I am not a stranger, deny him and fail to recognize his pre- a small group of friends and followers

wandering aimlessly without purpose. eminence in nature and in a world of who had gathered on a mountainside

I am a child of God, and I see evistrife, contention, and corruption, but to hear him; that he performed many

dences of his existence all around me. he is a reality. Millions of men have mighty miracles; that he was born of

In other words, I believe in God. I assailed him, and millions are indifthe virgin Mary; that he was crucified

do not serve and worship him blindly. ferent to him, but he cannot be exon the cross by his enemies who were

I trust him. He hears and answers my pelled. He cannot be eliminated by inspired by disgruntled religious leadprayers. He sustains me in emergenthe sophistries of intellectuals or the ers of his day; that he arose the third

cies and comes to my rescue in times bigotry of the ignorant. His name and day from a borrowed grave where he

of need. his works of righteousness are secure was buried; and finally that he is the

I realize that a mastermind has on the pages of history. He came with Son of God, the Messiah, about whom

planned and made tangible all these a message of peace and goodwill. His the prophets of Israel spoke.

things. They are gifts from him to his program is the only thing that will end "Mormonism"also declares that he

children. The Lord has given them war and bloodshed. I hope we will chose twelve apostles to be his reprefreely regardless of their obedience. remember that. He demonstrated his sentatives and witnesses, that he

It is a manifestation of his love for love for humanity, a love that knew commissioned them to preach the his sons and daughters. no bounds and a devotion that has no gospel of the kingdom which he had

How are the gifts received? Some parallel. taught them during his three years of

receive them with thanksgiving, some On this very day, in the blaze of the ministry among them. And that same

with scorn, and some deny the existwentieth century since his birth, we gospel was restored to earth through tence of the giver. Others fail to recogneed him more than ever. Nations and the Prophet Joseph Smith. This renize and identify this giver. They individuals need to be comforted by stored gospel makes life in all of its

"knew him not"(John 1:10), for something outside and above the aspects worth living. It gives beauty,

they are absorbed in materialistic avarice and greed of men. All the significance, and purpose to man's

aspirations so characteristic of our day. world is in search of peace. Internasojourn in mortality and fills him with

I read St. John's testimony regarding tional councils are in session in an courage and conviction and satisfies

this giver and creator of all things. attempt to avoid war. So far as the his spiritual longings.

"In the beginning was the Word, casual observer can see, no headway May we live the gospel. May we

and the Word was with God, and the has been made. We are still groping introduce it into our lives, and may

Word was God. in the darkness. we not forget to remember that Jesus

"All things were made by him; and Members of the true Church are Christ is the Creator and Ruler of all

without him was not any thing made aware that Jesus Christ is the Creator things, I pray in his name. Amen.

that was made.

"And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth."(Ibid., 1:1, 3, 14.)

The above quotation answers the question: is the Paul Creator? Who

explicit is even Apostlethe more in Women and the Priesthood his letter to the Colossians. In speakWilliam J. Critchlow, Jr.

ing of Jesus, he says: "For by him Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible A good sister in the Church sent me Dear Sister:

and invisible, whether they be a lengthy letter—a sort of diatribe, I do not know.thrones, or dominions, or principali- I would call it—on the subject of I'm not supposed to know.

ties, or powers: all things were created priesthood. "Why is it,"she asked, Sincerely your brother,

by him,..."(Col. 1:16.) "that so many preachers cannot tell us Wm. J. Critchlow, Jr.

Jesus, therefore, becomes the greatest what it [priesthood] is?... Please And then, to give it a little body, I

benefactor of the human race. There tell me something of its substance added this postscript:

is no one with whom he can be comits contents, etc. Describe it [meaning, When He whose business priesthood

pared. He gave his life that we might I take it, What does it look like?] Why is wants the sisters to have it, he will

live and enjoy the blessings of eternity. can't I have it?"And then, by inferlet his prophet know, and until then

He offered the plan by which we may ence, Why am I a woman? there is nothing we can do about it.

enter his kingdom and receive the Answering her, I wrote: I still didn't have the heart to mail

exaltation promised to the faithful. Dear Sister: it. What I finally did mail matched

Those who deny his place in the I don't know. her letter space for space, and page for

eternal program of things are victims Sincerely your brother, page, with paragraphs to boot. It

of deception and darkness. If Jesus Wm. J. Critchlow, Jr. probably did not satisfy her questions,

Christ is not the Creator and Savior, My reply was obviously too brief and but it did at least satisfy a principle the New Testament is fiction and not too curt; the page looked almost naked, called courtesy.

history, and the testimonies of Matso I added a line to lengthen it a bit: If time permitted I would read to

DECEMBER 196S 1119 you the full text of the sister's letter. has the right to handle either power posely denied to women for reasons

You will, I think, be able to fairly well unpreparedly, unworthily. Some men which he has not revealed. And when

surmise the nature of its content by "... do not learn this one lesson he whose business priesthood is wants

the nature of my reply. "That the rights of the priesthood the sisters to hold it, he will let his

This is my reply: (edited and supare inseparably connected with the prophet know; and until then there is

plemented for this talk) powers of heaven, and that the powers nothing we can do about it. And until

Dear Sister: of heaven cannot be controlled nor the Lord or his prophet speaks, don't

I do not know; the "substance"of handled only upon the principles of ever, Sister, make a pretense to priestpriesthood and the forces that operate righteousness."(D&C 121:3536.) hood power, and never simulate a

to produce its power are presently inpriesthood ordinance.

comprehensible to me. I've never I wish I knew Did women by their own first choice

seen them, nor heard them, nor smelled Why the man is I and the woman choose to be partners with God in his them, nor tasted them, nor touched is you; creative processes? Faced with an al-

I officiating priesthood times, orthem, but at am in the Why is thereof, priesthood? they borordinances have touched gentile and my neighternative—partnershipdid you, Sister, pass up Jew;

me. Neither do I comprehend the subWhy some have lovely whiteskin Did women by their own free choice

stance of faith, "the substance of faces—others born in colored choose to be the family heart rather

things hoped for, the evidence of races; than the family head? Scripturally "the

things not seen"(Heb. 11:1), nor can Why some are sound in body and husband is the head of the wife,"

I explain the forces that operated when mind—others deformed and (Eph. 5:23) and he is the family priest

the Brother of Jared's faith removed some born blind; and spokesman. Did God, however, in

the mountain Zerin. (Ether 12:30.) Why some live but a moment or his infinite wisdom purposely make

The power of faith and the power so—others for years before they mother the family heart, blessing her

of God are twinkindred, godly powers. go; with subtle power to sway the head?

No man has ever achieved in his Why some were born when our "There is a center in every home mortai state the status of a god, acquirLord held sway—others held for From which all joys must start.

ing all of our Father's knowledge, wisthis latter day; Where is that center?

I wish I knew. It is in the mother's heart."dom, and powers—Jesus not excepted. Why?He came in the flesh endowed with God, choosing woman to be his partgodly powers and by those powers laid No mortal man, regardless of his ner in the creative process, tucked away

down his life and then took it up place and state of birth, is born with a somewhere in her bosom a spark of his again. The "substance"of the priestmemory of his heavenly home. God divine love, which later, at the time

hood power employed in his resurplanned it that way purposely. And of motherhood, glows to brilliancy in

rection or the "contents"of the power "Eye hath not seen [purposely], nor every mother's heart.

of faith that moved the mountain ear heard [purposely], neither [has] A poet sensed this seemingly divine

Zerin I simply do not understand, and entered into the heart of man"[purgift of devotion when he wrote:

it does not embarrass me to say I do posely] a knowledge of his future "... I feel that, in the Heavens

not know. home, "which God hath prepared for above,

And I'm not supposed to know—this them that love him."(1 Cor. 2:9.) The angels, whispering to one

I believe. God has purposely veiled Jesus said, "In my Father's house are another,

some things in secrecy. The "submany mansions:"(John 14:2.) The Can find, among their burning terms

stance"of priesthood is presently Prophet Joseph Smith called them of love, veiled knowledge. Even so, God has "kingdoms."In which of these kingNone so devotional as that of

not denied men the right to use it. doms or subdivisions thereof did he go 'Mother'...."

Similarly, he has not denied man the to prepare a place for you? Describe (Edgar Allan Poe, "To My Mother.")

right to use that other great power we your mansion, if you can. Of what subNow, Sister, faced with the alternacall electricity. Who knows what that stance is it made? Tell me about its tive family head or family heart, did

great power actually is? Scientists cancontents. Tell me how God hears and you turn down the head? Faced again

not tell you its "substance."They have answers your prayers. Tell me how my with a choice between mother's love or

never seen it, nor heard it, nor smelled body after death, its remains blown to priesthood authority, did you pass up it, nor tasted it; and they have so much the four corners of the world, will be authority?

respect for it that they avoid the risk restored in the resurrection process, Possibly some other considerations of handling it unpreparedly. Carelesswithout the loss of a single hair. Surely influenced you to be woman rather

ness around electric power lines can be God has denied his children here on than man. I've listed a few suggestions.

suddenly lethal, yet for its many beearth some knowledge of things that Now, which in this list of womanly neficent uses you and I are most were, and things that are, and things virtues might possibly have influenced it again, tograteful. does your of course, and And when, choice—if be—purposely.

are say there some a choice? of the not Miracles are a product of priesthood At you had the head embarrass me to

power. Who knows the "substance"things I do not know. list I have placed:

of a miracle? Who understands the "... when the Lord shall come, he Motherhood—cocreator with God.

forces that operate when the sick are shall reveal all things "Architects and builders of all humanhealed? Did anyone with mortal eyes "Things which have passed, and ity"our mothers are.

see the forces that Jesus employed hidden things which no man knew, Mother's love—that very special kindwhen he transformed water into wine? things of the earth, by which it was for children—a spark of his divine

Mortal men, even those who honor made, and the purpose and the end love for his spirit children.

their,, priesthood, do not know the thereof The family heart—with subtle pow-

"substance"of a miracle, nor do some "Things most precious, things that ers to sway the head.

who treat their priesthood lightly fully are above, and things that are beneath, The teacher—if little children pray,

realize that carelessness with priestthings that are in the earth, and upon give mother the credit. "Train up a

hood power can be slowly lethal, prothe earth, and in heaven."(D&C child in the way he should go: and

ducing a lingering, withering, spiritual 101:3234.) In the meantime we must when he is old, he will not depart from

death. The man who works with priestlive by faith. it."(Prov. 22:6.)

hood power or the man who works But this I do know: Priesthood is The dietician—lovingly concernedwith electrical power—neither of them the power of God, presently and purwith the family health.

1 120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The cook—employing her daughters YWMIA, and the Primary organizaFirst among two personalities, husin the art. tions all prospered without priesthood band and wife, is the man. Copartner

blessings of in of the the sight with him, the and equal tender teachers? Haven't loving, The nurse—whose

".. is the shared God,. neither priesthood been is the always withcare woman. match. can never a man

The expediter—lovingly supervising the wives, mothers, and daughters of man without the woman, neither the

children's chores and study. men who hold and honor their priestwoman without the man, in the Lord."

The provoker—kindly provoking the hood? (1 Cor. 11:11.)

husband to good works. (By Joseph The emancipation of women in this Can man achieve exaltation without

Smith, "Minutes of Organization and mortal sphere does not yet involve a woman at his side?

Proceedings of the Female Relief Sopriesthood. "Let not your heart be troubled,

ciety of Nauvoo,"March 17, 1842.) Women in our great nation enjoy neither let it be afraid."(John 14:27.)

liberties rights like his peace be with you, dear and men: May for her civil The psychiatrist—principally

Sister. offices vote for public and run they can recephusband, for whom she is the

tacle of all his cares and most of his like men; they can own property and Sincerely your brother,

ill humor. Somewhere it is written that drive cars like men; they can frequent William J. Critchlow, Jr.

"the virtues of the mothers shall be public places like men; they can work

visited on their children as well as the when, where, and if they please like If the good sister to whom I mailed sins of the fathers."men; they can smoke, curse, and blasthis letter is listening in on the air, The "helpmeet"—"Men undertake pheme the name of God like men; they may I say to her: Please pardon me

the doing and women the being. Man can eat, drink, and be merry like men; for publicizing my reply to your letter.

does, woman is."they can cut their hair like men and You will have observed that I have

All of these virtues and functions wear men's clothes. One thing they edited it, adding sentences here and

label the mother the homemaker. God cannot do as men—they cannot violate there in the interest of clarity. Will

labeled the father the provider or the oath and covenant of the priest- a few others to whom I have read this breadwinner when he made him the hood as some men who bear the letter please pardon the repetition.

family head. priesthood do. Maybe you should To all others may I say: Priesthood

Now seriously, Sister, were you given thank God for that. If that, dear is the power of God. Only throughits

Sister, gives comfort to your soul, then saving ordinances can one attain exal-a choice—as of right now, or perhaps

a choice sometime in the dim prelet me disturb your comfort by retation and eternal life. Priesthood is

mortal past—between homemaker or minding you that by reason of your eternal. Concerning it God has rebreadwinner, would you, or did you at temple experience, you do have cervealed:

some time, choose to be the hometain priesthood covenants to keep and "... all they who receive this priestmaker, choosing motherhood over to uphold. Had you forgotten them? hood receive me, saith the Lord;

fatherhood? Just as that great unseen electrical "For he that receiveth my servants

Fathers, bearing the priesthood, are power flows through wires to bless receiveth me;

entitled to inspiration, but not all of mankind, so does that great unseen "And he that receiveth me receiveth them get it. priesthood power flow through ormy Father;

Mothers, God's creation partners, dained men to bless mankind. Can "And he that receiveth my Father

are endowed with intuition, and they anyone come close enough to its receiveth my Father's kingdom; thereall seem to have it. source to actually see and know it? fore all that my Father hath shall be

Intuition and inspiration are also Unfortunately, some men have and given unto him."(D&C 84:3538.)

twin, kindred powers. Intuition is then have turned away denying and Surely man cannot receive all that

innate. Inspiration is acquired. Women repudiating it—even rebelling against God has, in this mortal world; but if

are not denied inspiration. Did God the revealed truth. We call them sons one will honor his priesthood, there is

favor them by adding to their preof perdition. good reason to believe that God will

cious virtues the extra gift of intuition? The husband is the family head for be merciful unto him in time of need,

Could your awareness of this special administrative purposes, solely. in place of need, according to his need.

gift possibly have been a factor in your He is first among equals for the sake This I believe, and to this I testify, in choice to be a woman? of order in the family, only. the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

God made man the father, the head, the spokesman, the priest to rule over the family clan.

He made woman the mother, the heart, the helpmeet, a partner with his creation plan. inhim rugged, strong Of Influence on Children in the Home man made He

the builder, provider, protector of the Richard L. Evans

family living places. Of the Council of the Twelve

He made woman gentle, fair the homemaker, lovemaker, peacePresident McKay and my beloved ties—52,000 hours at home by the

maker, endowed with heavenly graces. brethren and sisters: Most earnestly time he is twelve!

God made both to be happy in their I pray that the Spirit will give life and Also cited by the same source was respective places. light to the words that follow. There another study which said that out

If God made man "a little lower would be emptiness in teaching and of every hundred hours a child, on an than the angels,"(Ps. 8:5) he must testifying of eternal truths without average, spends eightythree hours at

then have made women his very that Spirit. All of us would be empty home, sixteen in school, and one in

angels. without it. church.

Does the lack of priesthood handicap Recently at a stake conference Dr. Even conceding a margin of error,

you in teaching children in the home Arthur D. Browne quoted from a suror a wide variance from person to

or in the priesthood auxiliaries? Does vey which said that by the time a person, these are still startling figures

the loss of priesthood bar you from child is twelve years of age, he will—52,000 hours at home, besides time

fellowshipping with sisters and priesthave spent approximately 52,000 hours for sleep, by the time a child is hood in activities of the Church? in his home, besides time for sleep, twelve!

Haven't the Relief Society, the and in addition to any outside activiThis being so—or even if it were

DECEMBER 1965 1121 only half so—home had better be what This extends into every area and aclonger rise when their parents or

it ought to be. Even with more tivity, inward and outward, personal teachers enter the room. What kind of

and more takeover of other agencies and public; and the most serious awful creatures will they be when they

and activities, and even with more and threats of our time are threats against grow up?"(Socrates about 399 BC.)

more intrusion upon privacy, the inliberty and law. "Our form of govIt appears that all the problems are

fluence of home—and of those who ernment,"said Police Chief William not new. But certainly we have ourare or ought to be home—clearly A. Parker, "depends on the willingness share.

could be counted as the foremost inof people to submit themselves to a Another factor contributing to laxfluence. And when we complain of rule of law. We can keep adding police ity of law is the attempt to rationalize

outside influences, of what schools until there is an officer for every or explain away the commandments;

teach or fail to teach, of the social and citizen. But will this leave us with the and some of what we see in print

moral atmosphere of the community, freedom we desire?"(Chief William comes from some alarming sources,

of the wholesome or unwholesome A. Parker of the Los Angeles Police including the suggestion that the cominfluence of friends, companions, playDepartment, The National Observer, mandments, after all, were only given

mates, any or all of which could be August 2, 1965.) for a particular time and place and

desirable or undesirable, still, as par- "Every man,"said John Locke, that in this enlightened age, mature ents we had better ask ourselves most "must sometime or other be trusted to people can, in a sense, make their searchingly what we are doing toward himself...."(John Locke, Some own commandments and serve their

shaping the lives, the attitudes, the Thoughts Concerning Education.) This own convenience and ignore concharacters of our children in these is true of young people as they leave science.

52,000 hours that we have, on an avfor school, for work, for missions, for "One of the basic tenets of the 'new erage, before the age of twelve—and military service, or into their social morality,'"says one such source, "is

all the other hours after. activities. Parents cannot go with them. that the Bible, God's Word, is no

This points most urgently the need What parents can do, early and longer a binding standard and rule for parents to be available, to be alert prayerfully, is to teach children in the for life and conduct, but that each one to all interests, activities, and attitudes, home, almost from the first of these can set up his own standards of right 1 And we could cite curwith wholesome common sense and 52,000 waking hours—teach them and wrong."

quiet consistency, with love and an rent sources to show that youth are example of honesty and honor. being taught specifically not to be

"... A child learns more by imitaconcerned about the moral sins.

tion than in any other way,"said But who can set the commandments

George Sanderlin. "Don't we all? And aside? The answer is: Only God who

the persons he imitates most blindly gave them. And regardless of the views

and trustingly are bound to be his of some socalled modern minds, parents.... Nature has made the "there is [still] a law, irrevocably

relationship between parent and child decreed in heaven...."(D&C 130:

such that beside it any other training 20.) There are causes and consequences

bears a certain artificiality."("What which no man can set aside.

Children Need from Parents,"Parents Interestingly, there is some sentiMagazine, August 1947.) ment on the other side also, from some

This simply states the simple fact surprising sources. One of Stanford

that of all the areas of influence, home University's wellknown staff memis the most important place. God bers recently said: "Much of what is

has given parents first responsibility going on at present... gives the imfor their families, and indifference or pression of being willing to jettison

resignation as to any influence that whatever is necessary in order to shapes their lives isn't an acceptable appeal to the modern mentality....

fulfillment of this sacred assignment. It is not the task of Christians to

heritage until it is whittle selection, away their guidance, be mustThere all."2 to finally palatabledirection is permitted in all to bethat

come a part of the lives of children, It was never intended that the comand society cannot offset the influence mandments of God should meet the of an indifferent or irresponsible home. morality, cleanliness, reverence, honconvenience or the appetites or in-

"When parents cannot control chilesty, the basic principles, the comclinations of everyone. If we dilute

dren in the home,"said a current mandments, the laws of life. them to this point, they could become

source, "it is difficult for the govIn a day when laws are publicly meaningless. We have to reach up

ernment to control them on the flaunted, and when such flaunting toward living them, keeping them, streets."(Sunshine Magazine, April is seemingly not only sometimes conreaching toward that perfection of

1965.) As parents we must face the fact doned but even encouraged in some which our Savior spoke.

that we have the first and longest, quarters, it is more important than "There is a great fascination with the most intimate and impressionable ever to teach our children. If their evil today,"wrote a sophisticated writopportunity to teach our children—52,- every whim is satisfied, they may never er—one whose words appeared not

000 hours on an average by the time learn the difference between what is long ago in a widely circulated popular they have turned twelve. theirs and what is others and may magazine, writing perhaps from being

It is in the home that children never learn the principle of selfsurfeited with the arrogance andshould first learn love, responsibility, control. flagrance of evil—"There always has

and respect. In the home they should Perhaps on this point we can take been, but today it takes a funny form.

learn the balance of liberty and law, some comfort from these lines from People go around serving notice in one that freedom of which President Socrates: "From the day your child is way or another, that, Wow, you may

McKay spoke this morning, along with born, you must teach him to do withnot know it, but I'm a fairly evil responsibility, each completely depenout things. Children today love luxperson. This is an intriguing frame of

dent upon the other. And in keeping ury too much. They have terrible mind....

them in balance, there is no more immanners, flaunt authority, and have "In fact, the evil that seems to fasportant essential than selfcontrol. no respect for their elders. They no cinate men most today is violence....

1122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Well, anyway, what is needed is us from death; of the mission of the The star you pull your heart up by;

... to raise the banner and come out prophets from all time past to the In the laughter of a child,

against the Sin Fad. If it will help at present; of the divine calling of PresiAltogether undefiled;

all, I am willing to do that. It is a dent McKay and his predecessors; of In the hope that answers doubt,

shocking position, but I will come out the restoration of the gospel, and the Love that drives the darkness out...

now, flatly, against Sin. Right now! need that all of us have for it, and all Frantic, frightened, foolish men,

"I am against Pride, Sloth, Greed, the world, and there is no other way. Take God by the hand again."3

Envy, Lust, Gluttony and Anger!.,. May I share some lines in closing In Jesus'name. Amen.

History will absolve me!"(Tom from Joseph Auslander:

issued Sin!"1Pamphlet Wolfe, with of "World, Saturday of Council National by The "Down muddled men, O world

for the Churches United Christian Youth Movement, Post, Evening 19, the p. 12, Seek again: 1965.) Peace June of God 1961. in Reported of the "Message Rev. by Week,"

to violate If nature faith the were Peters, A. kneels, Emanuel that law Rockland JournalThe humble County as men In

do, we could not be assured a sucIn the hallowed Word that heals; News,2Dr. Nyack,Robert N.McAfeeY., SeptemberBrown, professor11, 1965.of religion,

cession of the seasons, nor a harvest, In the courage of a tree, Stanford University, preface to new paperback edition

Spirit Protestantism. of nor integrity; rock's the In our daily sustenance, nor any order

of the of 3"HopeThe World,"This Week Magazine, of events. hill the In that holds the sky, April 2. 14, 1963, p.

This is all an indication of the attitudes and atmosphere of the time in which we live and an indication of the Saturday Morning Session, October 2, 1965 reasons why we need, more than ever, emphasis on and responsibility in the home, where there is, or should be, be, of greatest the area influence. must

"... to bring A Charter for Youth I have commanded you

up your children in light and truth,"Gordon B. Hinckley

said Father. our 93:40.) (D&C

"... set in order your own house, Of the Council of the Twelve

..."(Ibid., 93:43.) I am aware that I speak to many they have done to voice their com-

"... I give unto you a commandtimes more outside this historic buildplaints, but I can agree that many of

ment, to teach these things freely unto ing than are here assembled. I seek them deserve something better than

your children,..."(Moses 6:58.) the inspiration of the Lord that my they are getting. They are being

As parents there is no limitation on words may find reception in your cheated—by themselves in part—but

our responsibility to teach our chilhearts. more so by us their parents, their

dren, to use all the wise and underOne of the fascinating and challengteachers, their leaders. They are

standing influence we have to teach ing scenes of this season is the proentitled to more, and ours is the oblithem the commandments, to teach cession of millions of young men and gation to offer it. And so, I should

them causes and consequences. "You women returning to universities. One like to speak to those of my own

have not done enough,"said Dag senses not only their great expectageneration and propose in great

Hammarskjold, "you have never done tions, but also their fears and earnestness a charter for youth based enough, so long as it is still possible frustrations. Others of their age are on the gospel which we espouse.

that you have something of value to depressed by the fact that they are It is a fourpoint charter. It is a bill

contribute."(Markings, p. 158.) being drafted into the armed services of entitlement, setting forth briefly

"Do not wait for extraordinary cirto form a vast military reserve while some of those priceless values we owe cumstances to do good actions,"said their associates on active duty are inevery young American, and the youth

Richter, "try to use ordinary situavolved in an undeclared but nonetheof the world. They are

tions."(Jean Paul Richter, 17631826.) less real and bloody war in a distant 1. A home to grow in.

Let it never be as Emerson sadly and strange land. 2. An education worth striving for.

observed when he said, "Most of the No one need be reminded that this 3. A land to be proud of.

persons whom I see in my own house is a frustrating time for youth. Many 4. A faith to live by.

I see across a gulf."(Journals, V, 324.) find themselves in rebellion against I mention first a home to grow in.

Let it never be like that. Let it rather the practices and institutions of our I recently read an article written by

be as Phillips Brooks expressed it: day. They are sincere in their discon- a young man who roamed the Berkeley

"... in the home... hearts ought tent. They hunger for something campus and its environs. His descripto be nearest and openest to one anbetter. tions were clever, but his illustrations

other."(Brotherhood in Christ.) They have come to realize that were tragic. He told of a girl, a student

We would plead with parents and there are values which money cannot from an affluent home. Her father

children to draw close to one another buy. They miss the stability of oldwas a man of means, an executive of

in love and confidence, in respect and fashioned home life; they hunger for a large corporation, loyal to the comservice and consideration. a more personal relationship with pany, loyal to his club, loyal to his

We would plead with beloved teachers who might challenge their party, but unwittingly a traitor to his friends everywhere—and would I could inquisitive minds. Many are disillufamily. Her mother had saved the civicreach them in all the world—to turn sioned over old standards of patriotism opera, but had lost her children. The

from all the wandering ways, to turn and loyalty. Even in the churches too daughter, a child of promise, had behomeward, to turn to the truth, the many have found themselves worcome entangled in a student revolt,

plan, the purpose that God has given. shiping a dead ritual rather than the and without an anchor, had quit

There is no other way to peace and Living God. They have hungered for school, and had drifted to the beatnik

the solving of personal or world probbread and have been given a stone. crowd, her will-o'-thewisp satisfaclems except through the gospel of the Those of you who witnessed or read tions coming only from nights of

Prince of Peace. of the Berkeley riots last spring, and revelling and days of rebellion.

I would leave this witness with you, lesser riots at other schools, cannot Of course, her father mourned and my beloved friends everywhere, of minimize the seriousness of the plight her mother wept. They blamed her,

the personal reality of God and our in which thousands of our young evidently unaware of their own miserrelationship to him; of the divinity people find themselves. able example of parenthood which

of our Lord and Savior, who redeemed I cannot agree with much of what had done much to bring her to the

DECEMBER 1965 1123 tragic circumstances in which she John who declared: "I have no greater "It is not wisdom to be only wise,

found herself. joy than to hear that my children walk And on the inward vision close the

As I read that account there passed in truth."(3 John 4.) This will be eyes,

through my mind the classic statement your blessing. But it is wisdom to believe the heart."

McKay—"Nouttered at thisotherpulpitsuccessby canPresidentcomthyAndchildrenit was Isaiahshall whobe taughtsaid: ".of.. theall ("O World.")

pensate for failure in the home."Lord; and great shall be the peace of Your students deserve more than

(General conference, April 1964; The thy children."(Isa. 54:13.) your knowledge. They deserve and

Improvement Era, June 1964, p. 445.) We cannot afford to disregard the hunger for your inspiration. They want

It is the rightful heritage of every sacred mandate laid upon us to teach the warm glow of personal relationchild to be part of a home in which our children, first by the example of ships. This always has been the hallto grow—to grow in love in the family our own living, and secondly, by those mark of a great teacher "who is the

relationship, to grow in appreciation precepts which, if followed, will bring student's accomplice in learning, one for another, to grow in underpeace to their lives. Every child is rather than his adversary."This is the

standing of the things of the world, entitled to the blessing of a good home. education worth striving for and the

to grow in knowledge of the things of I move to the second premise of this education worth providing.

God. charter for youth an education worth I move to the next a land to be

I was recently handed these statisstriving for. Time will permit little proud of. Congress recently passed a

tics taken from the county records of more than a brief mention of a few law inflicting heavy penalties for the one of our Southwest communities. In observations. willful destruction of draft cards. That

1964 in this county of which I speak, Education has become our largest destruction was essentially an act of there were 5807 marriages and 5419 business. On the basis of economics defiance, but it was most serious as a

divorces, almost one divorce for every alone, it is larger than steel, or autosymptom of a malady that is not likely marriage. Can we expect stability out mobiles, or chemicals. On the basis of to be cured by legislation. Patriotism

of instability? Is it any wonder that its influence upon our society, its imevidently is gone from the hearts of

many of our youth wander in rebellion pact is incalculable. Its very size, many of our youth.

when they come from homes where particularly in our universities, has Perhaps this condition comes of lack there is no evidence of love, where brought into relief its most serious of knowledge, a provincialism that there is a lack of respect one for problem—a lack of communication knows nothing else and scoffs at what

another, where there is no expression between teacher and student, and a little it knows. Perhaps it comes of

of faith? We hear much these days of consequent lack of motivation of those ingratitude. This attitude is not new.

the Great Society, and I do not diswho come to be taught. Joshua, speaking for the Lord, doubtparage the motives of those who A recent article in one of our naless had in mind this same indifferespouse it, but we shall have a great tional magazines contained this stateence when he said to a new generation

society only as we develop good people, ment from a college teacher: "... there that had not known the trials of the

and the source of good people is good has hardly been a time, in my experiold: "... I have given you a land for

homes. ence, when students needed more which ye did not labour, and cities

It was said of old, "Except the Lord attention and patient listening to by which ye built not, and ye dwell in build the house, they labour in vain experienced professors than today. The them; of the vineyards and oliveyards

that build it:..."(Psalm 127:1.) pity is that so many of us retreat into which ye planted not do ye eat."

Our children deserve such a home research, government contracts, and (Josh. 24:13.)

in which to grow. I am not speaking sabbatical travel, leaving counsel and Those who have paid in toil and

of the architecture or the furnishings. instruction to junior colleagues and tears for their inheritance have loved

I am speaking of the quality of our graduate assistants.... What is needed the land on which they lived. The

family life. I am grateful that we as are fewer books and articles by college forebears of many of those assembled

a Church have as a basic part of our professors and more cooperative search in this Tabernacle today walked the program the practice of a weekly by teacher and taught for an authority long trail over the prairie and the family home evening. It is a signifiupon which to base freedom and inmountains. In these valleys they

cant thing that in these busy days dividuality."(J. Glenn Gray, Harper's grubbed and toiled to wrest a living

thousands of families across the world Magazine, May 1965, p. 59.) from the desert. They came to love

are making an earnest effort to conse- I am aware of the "publish or that for which they labored, and a crate one evening a week to sing perish"pressure under which teachers great patriotism filled their souls.

together, to instruct one another in work in some of our universities, but I We shall not build love of country the ways of the Lord, to kneel together should like to say to these teachers that by taking away from our youth the in prayer, there to thank the Lord for your learned monographs will yield principles which made us strong his mercies and to invoke his blessings little satisfaction as the years pass if thrift, initiative, selfreliance, and an upon our lives, our homes, our labors, you discover that while you published, overriding sense of duty to God and to our land. your students perished. man.

I think we little estimate the vast The great thoughts, the great ex- A terrible price has been paid by good that will come of this program. pressions, the great acts of all time those who have gone before us, this

I commend it to our people, and I deserve more than cursory criticism. that we might have the blessings of

commend it to every parent in the They deserve a sympathetic and an liberty and peace. I stood not long ago

land and say that we stand ready to enthusiastic presentation to youth, who at Valley Forge, where George Washassist you who may not be of our in their hearts hunger for ideals and ington and his ragged army spent the faith.* We shall be happy to send you long to look at the stars. Nor is it our winter of 1776. As I did so, I thought

suggestions and materials on how to responsibility as teachers to destroy of a scene from Maxwell Anderson's conduct a weekly family home evethe faith of those who come to us; it play in which Washington looks on a

ning, and I do not hesitate to promise is our opportunity to recognize and little group of his soldiers, shoveling you that both you and your children build on that faith. If God be the the cold earth over a dead comrade,

will become increasingly grateful for author of all truth, as we believe, then and says grimly, "This liberty will the observance of this practice. It was there can be no conflict between true look easy by and by when nobody dies

science, true philosophy, and true relito get it."

of write: Jesus Christ Church *Please The Salt gion. And, further, as George SantaHow we need to kindle in the hearts Saints, Temple, E. So.of Latterday 47

Lake City, Utah. yana has said, of youth an oldfashioned love of

1124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA country and a reverence for the land heavens are not sealed; that revelation alert and lively, unashamed of the gosof their birth. But we shall not do it comes to those appointed of God to pel of Jesus Christ and with a capacity

with tawdry political maneuvering receive it; that divine authority is upon to explain the reason for the faith that

and enormous handouts for which the earth. is within him.

nothing is given in return. I know that young men and women And as you learn to know him betstuff—ofLove ofthecountrychallengeis bornof struggleof noblerthat willchallenge.respondWeto havethis faithnearlyandtwelvethis ter,grewyouup willin a discoverhome wherethat therehe likelywas

makes precious the prize that's earned. thousand of them today serving love and virtue, patience and prayer;

This is a good land, declared by the across the world as missionaries. Their that he was attending school when he

Lord in the scripture in which we bestrength is a certain faith. Their cause left for his mission and hopes to return

lieve to be "... a land... choice is the cause of Christ, the Prince of to sit at the feet of good counselors

above all other lands"(1 Nephi 2:20), peace. Their declaration is a testimony and able teachers and partake of wisgoverned under a constitution framed that God has again spoken from the dom and knowledge mixed with faith;

under the inspiration of the Almighty. heavens. Their ministry is in the serthat with a great inheritance from

vice of their fellowmen. Their joy, like forebears who pioneered the wilder-

"Breathes there the man, with soul so that of the Master, is in the soul that ness for conscience'sake, he loves the dead, repenteth. land of which he is a part; and that

Who never to himself hath said, I have been with them in the muddy he carries in his heart a certain quiet

This is my own, my native land!"back streets of Korea and in the conviction of the living reality of God

(Sir Walter Scott, from "The Lay of crowded roads of Hong Kong. I have and the Lord Jesus Christ and of the

the Last Minstrel,"Canto VI, st. 1.) been with them in the towns and assurance that life is eternal and puris This youth what of I cities of America. poseful. with have been

birth, of pride inheritance,needs—pridepride in in the great capitals them the and Would that every young man and

the land of which each is a part. quiet villages of Europe. They are the woman in the land might be blessed

And now the fourth premise of my same everywhere, serving for two or to develop and live under such a charcharter a faith to live by. more years at their own expense in the ter for youth that each might have

It said of old that was there "where cause of of the Master and mankind. a to grow, in which home an educais..."vision, the no perish: people if I earnestly there hope that tion be any striving worth for, a land to be

(Prov. 29:18.) Vision of what? Vision among those who are listening this proud of, a faith to live by.

concerning the things of God, and a day at whose door a Mormon missionWe, their parents, their teachers, stern and unbending adherence to ary may knock, you will welcome him their leaders, can help them. God help

divinely pronounced standards. There and listen. You will find him to be us so to do that we may bless their

is evidence aplenty that young people a young man with a faith to live by lives and in so doing bless our own, I will respond to the clear call of divine and a conviction to share. You will humbly pray in the name of Jesus

truth, but they are quick to detect and find him to be a happy young man, Christ. Amen.

abandon that which has only a form of godliness but denies the power thereof, "teaching for doctrines the commandments of men."(Matt. 15:9;

see Joseph Smith 2:19.)

I have sincere respect for my breth- a ren of other faiths, and I know that //Ye Are Gods they are aware of the great problem Sterling W. Sill

face they in their of a dilution teachAssistant to the Council of the Twelve ings as try their some doctrine to make more generally acceptable. Dr. Robert My brothers and sisters, I appreciate a membership in his firm and to take

McAffee Brown, professor of religion very much this privilege of having a as great a part as we desire in proat Stanford, was recently quoted as part with you in this great general moting our own eternal welfare. And

saying: conference of the Church. what a stimulating idea it is that we

"Much of what is going on at presOne of the biggest businesses in the may find our greatest employment in ent on the Protestant scene gives the world is this business of holding conthat work in which God himself impression of being willing to jettison ventions. This week and every week spends his entire time.

whatever is necessary in order to apmen and women all around the world One of the chief characteristics of peal to the modern mentality.... will be getting together to discuss their our age is our high standard of ac-

"It is not the task of Christians to problems, exchange ideas, and try to complishment. We live in the greatest

whittle away their heritage until it is develop more effective techniques for period of enlightenment and progress finally palatable to all."(The Daily accomplishment. If it is desirable for ever known in the world. No one deHerald [Pfovo, Utah], August 12, 1965, doctors and lawyers and teachers and siring excitement or wonders or

p. 13A) farmers to get together to pool their miracles could complain about our

To this we might add that what is ideas and experiences and then use age. In super jets we can now fly

palatable to all is not likely to be them to uplift and motivate each through the stratosphere faster than satisfying to any, and particularly to other, how much more important such sound. In atomic submarines we can

a generation of searching, questioning, a program should be for us, who labor live comfortably in the depths of the seeking, probing young men and in this greatest of all enterprises which sea or travel under the polar ice cap.

women. Jesus referred to as "my Father's And we afe even now flapping our

In all the change about them, they business."(Luke 2:49.) This is the wings for an adventure into space. But

need a constancy of faith in unchangbusiness of building character, godlinext to God himself, the thing that we ing verities. They need the testimony ness, and eternal exaltation into huknow less about than anything else

of their parents and their teachers, of man lives. God has said that it is his in the world is our own individual

their preachers and their leaders that work and his "... glory—to bring to selves. That great masterpiece of creaGod our Eternal Father lives and rules pass the immortality and eternal life of tion which God fashioned in his own

over the universe; that Jesus is the man."(Moses 1:39.) But that is also image still remains the mystery of the

Christ, his Only Begotten in the flesh, our work, and it is also our glory, as universe.

the Savior of the world; that the God has invited each one of us to have When someone asks us questions

DECEMBER 196S 1125 about science, invention, or history, not understand the play. Frequently missed as a consequence. But the

we can answer them. But if we were life just doesn't make sense, when like scriptures tell us that onethird of all

asked to write out an analysis of ourMacbeth or Hamlet or Omar Khayyam the spirit children of God never were selves and tell about our mind and we look at it in too limited perspective. born and never can be born because they

soul qualities, we might not give a How fortunate we are therefore to joined the rebellion of Satan and very good answer. We could not even have God's point of view about life their own evil caused them to fail in

explain why it is that we do as we do and to know his answers to the great their first estate. And yet every spirit

when we believe as we believe. Or questions. And it has been said that child of God hungers for a body. Some

when men are asked about the pur- "the Big Three"among the questions unembodied spirits who appeared to pose of life or the origin and destiny of life are these—whence, why, and Jesus in his day preferred to have the

of their own souls, they usually bewhither. Because of the particular rebodies of swine rather than have no

come confused and largely remain lationship existing between God and bodies at all. But because we successsilent. man, they can best be studied together. fully passed the requirements of our

Shakespeare's Macbeth expressed his Out of the golden age of Greece, we first estate, we earned the right to philosophy by saying, "Life... is a hear Socrates say, "Know thyself."And continue our progression into this life.

tale told by an idiot, full of sound and Jesus gave a companion instruction From the beginning we have lived unfury, signifying nothing."(Macbeth, when he said, "... this is life eternal, der the promise that if we passed the

Act V, scene 5.) That is, life didn't that they might know thee the only test of faithfulness during our years

mean anything to Macbeth, and there true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou of mortality, we would graduate into are many in our day who share this hast sent."(John 17:3.) To get a bet- a glorious, everlasting third estate.

opinion of life. Hamlet said, "How ter appreciation for both God and The third act is where the happy endweary, stale, flat and unprofitable ourselves, we might very profitably go ings are; that is where the rewards

seem to me all the uses of this world! back into the scriptures for a review are handed out. The third act is where,

... 'tis an unweeded garden, that of our own first act. like the Redeemer himself, we may

grows to seed; things rank and gross The Bible says that God is the qualify for a glorious bodily resurrecin nature possess it merely."(Hamlet, literal Father of our spirits, and Jesus tion and have all of the possibilities

Act I, scene 2.) And in this country Christ was his firstbegotten Son. (See of eternal progression made available

last year, over 20,000 people followed Heb. 1:6.) Like Jesus we have all seen to us. To help us get ready we may

this persuasion and destroyed their God, as we lived with him during prelive our own third act by studying own lives. that long period of our first estate. the prophetic pages of the holy scripThe old Persian philosopher Omar Presumably we saw the foundations of tures.

Khayyam, who was among the wisest this earth being laid and knew that I have a relative who practices this men of his day, confessed his own inwe were going to have the great interesting forwardlooking philosophy.

ability to comprehend life by saying, privilege of living upon it. We were When she reads a novel, she always

informed at that time that during our reads the last chapter first. She wants

"I came like Water, and like Wind second estate we would be added upon to know before she starts where she is

I go? with these beautiful, wonderful bodies, going to be when she gets through.

without which we could not have a That is also a pretty good idea for life.

"Into this Universe, and Why not fullness of joy either here or hereafter. Nothing is more clearly written in

knowing We were told that for a few years we the scripture than the fact that the life

Nor whence, like Water willynilly would have this miraculous power of of Christ did not begin at Bethlehem;

flowing; procreation, making it possible for us neither did it end on Calvary. Jesus

And out of it, as Wind along the to have children and organize a family, said, "I came forth from the Father,

Waste, which under the authority of the and am come into the world: again, I

I know not Whither, willynilly blowpriesthood would be the basic unit leave the world, and go to the Father."

ing. throughout eternity. When given this (John 16:28.) In his prayer in Gethgood news the scripture tells us that semane he said, "And now, O Father,

"Up from Earth's Centre through the "... all the sons of God shouted for glorify thou me with thine own self

Seventh Gate joy."(Job 38:7.) And I am confident with the glory which I had with thee

I rose, and on the Throne of Saturn that if we now understood the imbefore the world was."(John 17:5.)

sate, portance of life as we understood it Jesus was the firstbegotten Son of God

And many a Knot unravel'd by the then, when we walked by sight, we in the spirit and the onlybegotten Son

Road; would be willing to crawl on our of God in the flesh. (See Heb. 1:6 and

But not the Masterknot of Human hands and knees through life for this John 1:14.) But God is also our eterFate. tremendous privilege which we presnal Heavenly Father, and it is just as

ently enjoy. But we also knew then certain that our lives did not begin

"There was one Door to which I found that during our second estate it would when we were born; neither will they

no Key; be necessary for us to learn to walk a end when we die. Like our Elder

There was the Veil through which I little way by faith. It was important Brother, in the spirit we were also bemight not see...."in our development that we see good gotten in God's image. We were also

(From "The Rubaiyat,"and evil side by side. We needed to endowed with a set of his attributes

st. 2829, 3132, be tested and tried with the temptaand made heirs to his glory. And the

tr. by Edward Fitzgerald.) tions of mortality and to develop a greatest idea that I know of in the

Someone has tried to help us undergodly character by the exercise of our world is God's promise that through stand life by comparing it to a threeown free agency. our faithfulness we may become even

act play. The scriptures tell of a long Henry Thoreau, an early American as he is.

premortal existence, which was our philosopher, once said that we should But these truths having to do with first act. There is a little, short morthank God every day of our lives for our own glorious destiny have always

tality, which is the second act; and the privilege of having been born, and been difficult for some people to get

then there is an eternal, everlasting then he went on to speculate on the into their souls. When Jesus said, "I

third act. And someone has said that rather unique supposition of what it and my Father are one"(John 10:30),

if you went into the theater after the might have been like if we had not the people took up stones to stone him first act had been finished and left been born, and he pointed out some for blasphemy. They gave their reason

before the third act began, you might of the advantages that we would have by saying, "... because that thou,

1126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA being a man, makest thyself God."them in our lives. Someone once said tinguish sounds; hands as perfectly

(Ibid., 10:33.) Jesus quoted to them to his friend, "Who do you think you fashioned as yours or mine, but helpthe ancient Psalm in which God are?"And he whispered quietly to less, withal; feet and limbs, but they

pointed out the destiny of his faithful himself, "I wish I knew."are unable to bear the weight of his

children by saying, "I have said, Ye Someday we will more clearly know body, much less walk. There lies a

are gods."(Ps. 82:6.) Then trying to who we are. We will understand the man in embryo, but helpless. And yet,

help them to understand, Jesus said, great scriptural teaching that God, within the span of three score years "Is it not written in your law, I said, angels, spirits, and men are all of and ten, by the marvelous working of

Ye are gods?"the same species in different stages that wondrous power within,... what

And said he, "If he [God] called of righteousness and development. a change may be wrought! From the

them gods, unto whom the word of The scriptures point out that Jesus, the helpless babe may arise one like DeGod came, and the scripture cannot firstborn Son of God, was in "... the mosthenes, or Cicero, or Pitt, or Burke,

be broken; brightness of his [the Father's] glory, or Fox, or Webster, who shall compel

"Say ye of him, whom the Father and the express image of his person, listening senates to hear him, and by hath sanctified, and sent into the..."(Heb. 1:3.) But this same great his master mind dominate their inworld, Thou blasphemest; because I truth also applies to us and will be telligence and their will, and compel

said, I am the Son of God?"(John manifest in our own future. them to think in channels that he

10:3436.) In singing of man's glory, the inshall mark out for them. Or from such

We are still having some of this spired Psalmist said, "When I consider a babe may come a Nebuchadnezzar,

Droblem in our own day. In our disthy heavens, the work of thy fingers, or an Alexander, or a Napoleon, who

belief we downgrade our divine possithe moon and the stars, which thou shall found empires and give direction bilities. Paul said to the Corinthians, hast ordained; to the course of history. From such a

"Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, "What is man, that thou art mindbeginning may come a Lycurgus, a neither have entered into the heart of ful of him? and the son of man, that Solon, a Moses, or a Justinian, who

man, the things which God hath prethou visitest him? shall give constitutions and laws to

pared for them that love him."( 1 Cor. "For thou hast made him a little kingdoms, empires and republics,

2:9.) We can imagine some wonderful lower than the angels, and hast blessing happy millions unborn in

things, but we cannot even conceive crowned him with glory and honour. their day, and direct the course of

of that magnificent experience that "Thou madest him to have dominnations along paths of orderly peace lies beyond the borders of this life. and virtuous liberty. From the helpless

Certainly the greatest wonders of the babe may come a Michelangelo, who, future will not be in the improvement from some crude mass of stone from of our television or our airplanes; they the mountain side shall work out a

will be primarily in ourselves. The heavenborn vision that shall hold the

greater the understanding of our own attention of men for generations, and future, the more effectively we will be make them wonder at the Godlike able to prepare for it. And why should powers of man that has created an all

we call God our Heavenly Father and but living and breathing statue. Or a

at the same time fail to believe his Mozart, a Beethoven, or a Handel,...

promise that the offspring of God may may... call out from the silence

someday become like the parent? The those melodies and the richer harmogreat message of the Church in our nies that lift the soul out of its present

own day is that God the Eternal Fanarrow prison house and give it felther has reappeared upon this earth lowship for a season with the Gods.

to reestablish among men a belief in Or from that... babe may arise a

the God of Genesis, the God of Mount master mind who shall seize the helm

Sinai, the God of Calvary, and the of the ship of state, and give to a

God of the latter days. The message nation course and direction through

has been renewed that the second troublesome times, and anchor it at coming of Jesus Christ to the earth is ion over the works of thy hands; thou last in a haven of peace, prosperity

near at hand, and he has also rehast put all things under his feet:"and liberty; crown it with honor, too,

affirmed the fact that those who are (Ps. 8:3-6.) Another translation of this and give it a proud standing among

faithful will be exalted and permitted line says, "Thou madest him a little the nations of the earth; while he, the

to rule with him throughout eternity. while inferior to the angels."(Heb. savior of his country, is followed by

If we only believe, then all things are 2:7, marginal rendering of King James the benedictions of his countrymen.

possible and we will be able to make version.) Certainly God must have had "And all this may be done by a

the necessary preparation. If the god- a great destiny in mind for us when he man in [one short] life! Nay, it has

like powers of man are so manifest promised to give us dominion over the been done, between the cradle and the even in his present fallen state, what works of his hands and to put all grave.... Then what may not be

may be the eternal potential of that things under our feet. John the done in eternity by one of these Godgreat masterpiece which God created Revelator refers to man's divine possimen? Remove from his path the inciin his own image? bilities by saying that God will make dent of death; or, better yet, contemThe universe is God's handiwork, us kings and priests unto him for plate him as raised from the dead; and

but man is his son. God placed the ever. (See Rev. 1:6.) give to him in the full splendor of

gold and silver in the earth, but he Many years ago in speaking of the manhood's estate, immortality, endless endowed his children with his own possibility of the eternal progression existence, what may we not hope that attributes and made them heirs to his of God's children, B. H. Roberts said, he will accomplish? What limits can

potentialities. And according to his own "Think for a moment what progress you venture to fix as marking the

immutable laws of heredity, the a man makes within the narrow limits boundary of his development, of his children may hope sometime to beof this life. Regard him as he lies in progress?... Why should there be

come like the parents. We should cling the lap of his mother, a newborn any limits thought of? Grant immorto our inheritance. There is everything babe! There are eyes, indeed, that may tality to man and God for his guide,

in knowing our origin and possible see, but cannot distinguish objects; what is there in the way of intellecdestiny and in constantly reaffirming ears that may hear, but cannot distual, moral, and spiritual development

DECEMBER 1965 1127 that he may not aspire to? If within Certainly one of the greatest conIt predicted the betrayal of the

the short space of mortal life there are cepts of holy scripture is this great Savior, actually mentioning the price men who rise up out of infancy and truth wherein speaking of our potento be paid: thirty pieces of silver, and

become masters of the elements of fire tiality God himself has proclaimed, revealed that this money would be and water and earth and air, so that "I have said, Ye are gods; and all of used to buy a potter's field.

they wellnigh rule them as Gods, you are children of the most High."The prophets also predicted that at

what may it not be possible for them (Ps. 82:6.) his crucifixion the soldiers would dito do in a few hundreds or thousands May God bless our lives that vide his clothing among them and

of millions of years?... To what through our understanding, our faith, explained that his bones would not be

heights of power and glory may they and our good works we may reach the broken, but that his body would not ascend?"(B. H. Roberts, The Morglorious destiny which he has orbe pierced so that his blood would be

mon Doctrine of Deity, 1903, pp. 33dained. For this I humbly pray in the shed, as with a sacrificial lamb.

35:) name of Jesus Christ. Amen. All these marks of identification of

the true Messiah were known in that day. For years they had been familiar

to those who read the scriptures.

But they were ignored.

The Savior was rejected, and the world went back into the oblivion of

Their Greatest Tragedy itsGreattraditions.as was this tragedy for the

Mark E. Petersen people of that generation, we of today

Of the Council of the Twelve are in danger of making a similar mistake. The Savior will come again in a

We Latterday Saints believe in the It was the greatest tragedy of their glorious second advent, and definite

Lord Jesus Christ wholeheartedly and lives. signs are given in Holy Writ to presage

without reservation. Their God came among them, and this event also.

He is the Savior of the world, the they would not receive him. When he These signs are shown as clearly in

Redeemer of all mankind. He is the revealed his true identity, they said he scripture as were those of his mortal

Son of Almighty God. He is divine. blasphemed. They preferred not to ministry. They are unmistakable. They

All power was given to him in associate him with the scriptures which are about us today and readily may heaven and on earth. He is the Creator. so unerringly designated him as the be seen now.

He made this planet on which we live Christ, and there were many such Will our generation recognize them and all other heavenly bodies. scriptures. and wisely give heed to them? Or will

As the scriptures say, "All things Let us briefly review some of the these modern signs be rejected with all were made by him; and without him prophecies by which he could have that they imply as were those of nearly

was not any thing made that was been identified by any openminded two thousand years ago when the made."(John 1:3.) person. people of that generation failed to

He became flesh and dwelt among Isaiah gave the first sign when he identify their Lord?

mankind, some of whom beheld his said: "Behold, a virgin shall conceive, Let us review some of these modern

glory, even the glory as of the Only and bear a son, and shall call his name signs, remembering that there are

Begotten of the Father, full of grace Immanuel."(Isa. 7:14.) many more than the oftenmentioned

and truth. His mortal advent was And did it not come to pass just as wars and rumors of wars and seas

accompanied by much sorrow and the prophet said? heaving themselves beyond their

suffering, but the greatest tragedy of Was not this virgin birth heralded bounds.

his coming was that the people genamong the shepherds who watched The gathering of the Jews to Paleserally, and more particularly their their flocks that night and by the tine is one of the most outstanding and leaders, did not—or would not—either angelic hosts who sang their hosansignificant of all the signs of the times.

recognize or accept him. nahs? Did not even the wise men, The Lord said through Jeremiah: "... I

His coming was not unexpected. far away in the East, recognize it? will cause them to return to the land

Quite the contrary. And was not Herod so frightened by it that I gave to their fathers, and they

The people of that day were anxthat he killed the little children in an shall possess it."(Jer. 30:3.) Isaiah

iously looking for their Messiah, whose effort to destroy the newborn King? indicated that Palestine, long languishadvent was clearly foretold in the The scripture was so detailed in ing in the grip of the desert, was desscriptures with which they were well describing the coming of the Lord that tined to be turned into a fruitful field

familiar. Particularly were the scribes, it predicted the flight into Egypt to in connection with the gathering of

the lawyers, the high priests, and the escape Herod's wrath, as it also forethe Jews to their homeland.

learned members of the Sanhedrin told the king's destruction of the little Have these predictions been fulwell informed. They knew what the babies in Bethlehem. filled?

prophets had said about the expected It said that Jesus would be reared in Today the nation of Israel, with a

Savior, but these selfcentered leaders the village of Nazareth. It indicated population of two and a half million

were so steeped in their traditions that that he would perform many miracles people, occupies the land which the they would not admit what they must and that he would teach in parables. Lord gave to their fathers. It is a

have known to be true. It forecast his triumphal entry into direct fulfillment of prophecy. It is

They were so jealous of their own Jerusalem and said: "Thy King cometh a sign of the near approach of the Lord.

positions that they were not willing unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an With their return the land has been to give way to the new King of Israel. ass, the foal of an ass."(See Zech. revitalized. Palestine today is a fruitful

This jealousy was so deep and bitter 9:9.) field. We who live in England know

that it bred thoughts of murder in It told of the disbelief with which how fruitful it is, for there we receive their hearts. They determined to kill most of the people would regard him its oranges, its grapefruit, and other

him and on many occasions tried to and of their hatred toward him, saying produce, which are likewise shipped to trap him. At last, by the use of false that he would be smitten, despised, and many parts of the world.

witnesses, they condemned and crucirejected, a man of sorrows and acOn August 15 of this year, the fied him. quainted with grief. London Times reported that the nation

1128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Israel had awarded contracts for the tongue, and people. built his latterday kingdom?

construction of thirty new cargo ships His coming is related to the new Look for it. It is one of the signs of

to be added to its already large and book of scripture mentioned by both the times.

prosperous merchant marine to handle Isaiah and Ezekiel. Has this angel Will we who live today be willing to

the agricultural exports of this little come? Is the book available? accept these signs as we see them, or

nation. So productive has Israel beAs part of this restoration the prophet will we reject them in a spiritual and

come. also said that Elijah of old must come temporal tragedy like that of nearly

The land has blossomed as the rose again to earth shortly before the great two thousand years ago?

in fulfillment of prophecy. and dreadful day of the Lord in anWill the marvels of our socalled

But there is another sign closely other modern revelation of heavenly enlightened age blind us to the events allied to it which Isaiah said would power. Has Elijah come in this modern foretold in prophecy or convince us

precede Palestine's renewed fertility. assignment? What was the purpose of that they are unreal or that they are

A sacred book was to come forth behis coming? but myths and superstitions as some

fore that time—one which was new to Do we believe the prophets? already say?

the world, one that told of a fallen Is the Bible true? Will mankind once again deny their

nation which was destroyed suddenly If Elijah has come, to whom did he Lord?

a book to be offered in the latter days come, and where? We Latterday Saints testify that

to a learned man who would reject it, Who saw him? these important signs, telling of the

but to be given by divine means to an Who talked with him, and when? near approach of the second coming

unlettered man through whom it was His modern appearance is given as of Christ, have taken place and may to be given to the world. one of the signs of the near approach be examined by any interested person.

Isaiah said that the book would be of the Lord. The physical restoration of Palestine

of such spiritual importance that it The Prophet Daniel also knew of is a fact that no one can deny. It is part

would cause many to rejoice in the these events. He predicted that in the of our current history.

Holy One of Israel. "And in that day,"latter days God would establish his The book destined to precede rehe said, "shall the deaf hear the words kingdom once more, upon the earth, newed fertility in the Holy Land is

of the book, and the eyes of the blind this time never to be destroyed nor also a reality. It is now in publication.

shall see out of obscurity, and out of given to another people. It is the Book of Mormon, the sacred

darkness."(Isa. 29:18.) It shall cause Has that prophecy been fulfilled? scripture of ancient America. It has

the meek to "increase their joy in the Has there been a new and modern taken its place by the side of the Bible

Lord...."(Ibid., 29:19.) as Ezekiel said it would. Let no one

Ezekiel spoke of the same book, exridicule it nor ask if any good can plaining that it is the sacred record of come out of Nazareth. The book is true,

the descendants of Joseph who was and it is here for all to read.

sold into Egypt, and that it would Elijah has made his second appearstand side by side with the Bible as a ance, and the results of his work may new volume of scripture. (Ezek. 37.) be seen and examined on every hand.

Where is that book? It is one of the The scripture says that the purpose of

signs of the times. his mission was to turn the hearts of

Not only did the prophets predict the presentday generation to their its appearance, but Isaiah set a limit forefathers. This has been done through

on the time of its publication. That a worldwide interest in ancestry on a

time limit was related to the period scale never before known.

when fertility would return to PalesToday there are many genealogical tine. Isaiah said that the book would libraries and associations in different

come forth first, and then added that parts of the world, and literally milin "a very little while... Lebanon lions of people of various religious deshall be turned into a fruitful field, nominations are tracing their ancestry,

and the fruitful field shall be esteemed many of them not knowing why. Each

as a forest."(Isa. 29:17.) one of them is direct evidence of the

The time limit has expired. This presentday ministry of Elijah.

new volume of scripture must have Daniel's prophecy also has been come forth before now or Isaiah was establishment of God's kingdom on fulfilled.

not a true prophet, for Palestine is earth? The Lord's kingdom has been estabfruitful again. If so, is it related to the restoration lished in the midst of the greatest

Where is that book? of all things formerly revealed through mountain chain on earth, with headLet us consider still another sign: the ancient prophets, as indicated by quarters nearly a mile above sea level,

The Apostle Peter taught that before the Apostle Peter? here in Salt Lake City.

the second coming of Christ there How could it be otherwise? The temple foreseen in scripture

will be a restoration of all things reThese inspired men spoke of the has now been built and is in daily use.

ligious, whatsoever "... God hath same thing: God's advance preparation The kingdom of God has been respoken by the mouth of all his holy for the second coming of Christ. established on the earth.

prophets since the world began."(Acts Where is that divinely established As Peter predicted, the time of the

3:21.) A new revelation of God was kingdom of modern times? restoration of all things revealed by

promised for the latter days—restoring Isaiah even tells us where to look ancient prophets has now come.

the complete gospel to mankind. for it. He said that in the latter days The Church of Jesus Christ has been

The scripture teaches that this resGod would establish his kingdom in restored with its full organization, toration would be accompanied by the tops of the mountains, and that a headed by prophets and apostles who, heavenly manifestations, including the temple would be built there in a high as Paul explained, form the foundation ministry of angels. The prophet said place, exalted above the hills, and of the Church, with Christ himself as

that one of these angels must fly from that people from all nations would the chief cornerstone.

the heavens in the latter days bringing flow to it. Acceptance of these vivid signs of

back to earth the everlasting gospel to Where in a high mountain area has the times can lead mankind back to be preached anew to every nation, God thus erected his temple as he God in this day of widespread unbelief.

DECEMBER 1965 1129 Ignoring them may bring a tragedy events spoken of in the scriptures children what they never had, and a like that of two thousand years ago. come to pass. starryeyed little boy are determined

It is true that we are living in a marThe greatest miracle of the present to make the effort.

velous age of intellectual and scientific day is not that we can send a space- A year has passed eventful ly. It is a

development. But this, too, is one of ship to photograph the planet Mars. summer day, and the wind in whirling

the signs of the times and supports, The greatest miracle is that God has cones picks up trash and tumbleweeds rather than obscures, the prophecies spoken in our time and has appeared and dances across the valley. Two fair

of which we have spoken. in person to modern man, to be seen, and wellgroomed young men are

Let us not misunderstand our situaand heard, and understood. He has walking toward the hogan. Father

tion. Let us not suppose that our own restored his gospel in its fullest detail. Begay is fixing his wagon, and Mother

wisdom is so great that we can ignore This he has done in preparation for the Begay sits under the gnarled, weaththe handiwork of God. glorious second coming of our Lord ered cedar, weaving her blanket.

As truly as that we are in a space and Savior Jesus Christ, in whose holy "Yatehee"they say in greeting as age, as truly as that we can fire missiles name we give this as our solemn they wipe the sweat from their brows into orbit, just that truly will the testimony. Amen. and introduce themselves as missionaries for The Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. The Begays have

Saturday Afternoon Session, October 2, 1965 heard about the elders whom they called gamalii. They become interested as they listen. From the briefspite of language the NavajoEnglish

barrier, seemed John and Mary BegayA Changing World for the Barry Begays case comes a little black book, and in, book was a Spencer W. Kimball to understand that the

Of the Council of the Twelve historyages. It ofseemedtheir "oldthat people"the spiritbackwhichfor

My brothers and sisters: I desire few sheep. There is little fat on their accompanied the strange mixture of

today to emphasize our responsibility bones, for this pasture is overgrazed words and signs was like a "familiar to the children of Father Lehi. In and is dry and dusty. The scraggly dog spirit."Curiosity, genuine interest,

preface may I present this human also shows malnutrition. But as he and the pleasing personalities of the

drama composed of several acts and barks and bites hind legs, the woolly teenage ministers brought about many a number of scenes. animals heed direction. The little hours of learning, and then one day

The time: yesterday, today, and toboy has a man's responsibility, for it happened. The Begay family memmorrow. The place: the world. The there are coyotes and other predatory bers were baptized in the little pond

performers: flesh and blood and spirit animals also starving in this barren some distance away, and when they

people, awakening from the centuries'valley, and the sheep are precious. had returned to the hogan, the young

long sleep of their ancestors. The lamb furnishes meat for the table; men laid their hands on their heads

There he is running like the wind, the pelt covers the cold ground in their and conferred upon each the Holy barefoot, hatless, long hair in flight, hogan, being at once rug, chair, bed, Ghost. The Begays were members of

in worn overalls and ragged shirt, his cover. The fleece is sold at the trading the faraway Salt Lake City church,

face brown, not only by the Arizona post or saved to cord and spin and in which they now had confidence and sun and wind, but from his parents, weave into rugs to exchange for flour a warm feeling of belonging. The

themselves brownskinned. Barry and and cloth and food. missionaries returned frequently and

his little brother and sisters are a Under the shade of the lone cedar taught them. Sundays, the family

lively group, playing around the rock, tree, Mother Begay, an expert in her drove the wagon to the little branch pole, and dirt hogan. As we approach field, sits on the ground and laboriousmany miles away to meet with the

they scamper to cover in the hogan. ly works into an intricate design the other Indians who were also joining

Timidly in the doorway he peeks out yarns she has dyed in brilliant colors. the Church.

as we approach. The Begays, sitting on A mile away is another hogan and Time moves on. The Mormon elthe dirt floor, are eating their meal. a little farther another and another. ders have moved a trailer house near

There is a leg of mutton. There is There is no school in reach. How wonthe school, and Barry attends the

fry bread. There are no spoons nor derful it would be, the loving parents seminary they are teaching. It is

forks. There is no milk; they have no think, if their own little ones could crowded, but the elders tell the little

cow. There is no salad; they have go to school! But how and when? Mayred men stories about their forebears

no garden. Their fare is scant. be someday "Washingdon"would take and teach them honesty and kindness

Barry is seven. His little brother has them to the distant government school. and goodness and of the big, wide

no clothes on his little brown body. But how could they part from them? world "out there"where Indian chilThe little sisters have long, full skirts Two years have passed. Nineyear- dren may have all that nonIndian

like their mother's, some silver coins old Barry may now go to the new children have. The little Indians

sewed to their blouses. government school only three miles have found real friends in the young

The mother wears a worn, purple, away. How they want education for elders as they learn English, ethics,

velveteen skirt, reaching nearly to her their children! Little Susie can now and doctrine not taught in the secuankles and a waist of greenish hue. herd the sheep and drive away the lar school.

Out here styles change slowly if at all. predatory thieves. John Begay hitches Barry is ten years old now, husky,

Her shoes are highlaced ones, her hair up the hungrylooking horses to the laughing, running, and joking. He is

in a bob at the back tied with white light spring wagon; and they all drive summerherding the sheep. The miswool yarn. The father is thin and to the school near the trading post, sionaries have announced a fantastic

tall. He wears his curledup hat even the mother and the children sitting on program. Barry may go to faraway

while he eats. They are not demonthe floor, the father driving. For Barry Utah and live in a good home, attend

strative, but it is evident that pride it will be a long walk, and at times a superior school, and be given adand affection are in these humble the wind will be merciless, the sun will vantages not afforded on the reservaquarters. beat down like a blowtorch, and the tion. "Unthinkable,"his parents feel

A few days pass. It is bright and snow will be wet and freezing; but at first, to send their little boy so far

summery. Barry Begay is herding the loving parents, ambitious to give their away for so long a time, but the Little1I30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

horse family had spent one season in their pride knows no bounds. The over white and red. He was swift and

the beet fields up there and glowingly Sacrament is administered, and, with strong and accurate on the ward told of that promised land of prosnine other boys about the same size, basketball team. He has participated

perity and opportunity. Convinced it Barry, a deacon, carries the plate with in every activity of the school, Church,

was for Barry's good, they agreed. the broken bread, then the tray with and community.

When the time came, all the famithe little paper cups of water blessed At home this summer, he finds his ly went in the wagon to the point of by two larger boys, one of them also parents have been prospering. Their

assembly, a day's journey away, and, an Indian. faithful lives have brought them a

with few tears but pounding hearts, What a new world the Begays have degree of prosperity. No money do

placed their loved boy on the big bus now entered! What a world of opporthey spend on tobacco or liquor. All

with about thirty other little Indian tunity for their firstborn. They will try goes into their progressive living. Barry

boys and girls. They stoically stood to get their little girls also in the is surprised to find this time a twolike statues until the bus disappeared program. They return home at peace, room, frame house out in front of the

over the distant horizon. The hogan knowing their son is in good hands. hogan. There are curtains at the winwas a little empty without Barry, but The summers are delightful for dows and rugs on the lumber floors

opportunity would come to him. The Barry. He is back with the sheepand a cupboard with dishes and pots

chaperones on the bus were pleasant back in the hogan, where there are and pans. The gospel and the church

and tender, the bus driver was kindly, now beds and a table and chairs. He associations are working miracles with

and their faith in their new Mormon is helping the Begay family to get the Begay family. When on Sunday he

brothers and sisters sustained them. into the regular habit of family prayers is called on to speak by the Indian

A few days later the Begays reon their knees, which was so foreign president of the branch, he stands tall ceived at the trading post a fat letter to them, but they are learning the and straight and there is firmness in from the Smiths, the foster family "Lord's way."They are speaking better his voice as he says: "I am proud I

where Barry had become a loved memEnglish now that Barry teaches them. am a Mormon. I am grateful for all

ber, telling the intriguing story of how This carefree summer is a happy one the kindness of the people of the the bus had been met by interested for all the family. Out in the wind and Church. I am proud I am an Indian.

case workers, former missionaries who the weather, he runs and yells and I am proud of my people. I intend to

loved the Indian people, how he had plays. On Sundays the Begays drive to train to serve them; I shall attend

been shingled by a kindly volunteer the distant branch, and Barry helps Brigham Young University, and then barber, bathed and shampooed by with the Sacrament and speaks in the I desire to fulfill a mission for the other friendly volunteer men, and then meeting, telling about his experiences Church."

had been examined by dentists and in the northern land. Another year is history. Two young

doctors and interested and concerned The summer is over, and Barry is as nineteenyear-olds, one red and one nurses, all of whom freely gave their eager to go as he was to return home. white, are driving a car on the Indian

time without compensation. The letter Again the family is at the gathering reservation. They approach a cluster of

told then of a loving family driving point, and three instead of one climb hogans and spend the day among the to their comfortable home far away out of the Begay wagon and board the families. The white companion sits

how he had immediately found real big bus for the north. The two sisters quietly, adding a thought now and then;

companionship in a white brother have mixed feelings of awe and wonder but the Indian elder—for he now holds

his own age. The letter told of Barry's and fear and eagerness. With near the highest priesthood known to man

timidity and silence at first and then empty arms and hearts, the Begay can speak two languages fluently. He

of his blossoming out when he felt the parents return with their smaller ones knows these people's thinking prowarmth in his new home and family. to the hogan. Their personal sacrifices cesses, their idioms and expressions,

And there was a picture of Barry. He for their children are calculated ones. their reactions. He is educated and inwas in new overalls and shirt and Arriving in Utah, there are happy spires confidence. Coffee is thrown

seemed happy. renewals of friendships. His white away, and milk substituted. No more

Now Barry has been home for two brother is overjoyed at the reunion. liquor for these good people—that

summers and eagerly returned to Utah Barry is now a teacher in the priestmoney will go into fixing up the each August. The Begay family themhood, and, with a white adult brother, home. A baptismal service is being

selves are on the big bus headed northhe visits five families and teaches them conducted at the river, and twenty ward. They locate the Smith family the gospel. Barry and Sammy are enmen, women, and children are brought

home, and what a joy to these good rolled in seminary where they learn into the fold of Christ's Church. The

parents as they find Barry sharing a the gospel and to pray and speak and two missionaries take turns in baptizing pleasant room with Sammy. They visit socialize. Barry is in MIA, the youth and confirming. A little branch is soon

the school, and Barry and Sammy come organization, and takes part in the organized; and Elder Begay is its first

to meet them—white and brown, arms dramatic skits, sings in the music president, soon to be replaced by the

about each other. What an exultant groups, and is prominent in athletics. older Indian converts as they are

moment! Embraces, tears, affection, Young Begay for two years wears a trained.

pride. Barry is clean and neat, his Scout uniform purchased with money We enter a new chapel on the

eyes sparkling. It is evident he is well his generous foster family made posreservation and hear a chatter which is

accepted here. The teacher comes to sible for him to earn. He will go to unintelligible. Why such a noise on

greet them, and there is warmth and Provo with hundreds of other Explorthis weekday morning? We open the

friendliness. ers, white, brown, and yellow. Now he door and see about ten young misThe Begays attend the Sunday seris a priest. He may baptize with ausionaries in a semicircle and Barry, the

vices with the foster family. They are thority, bless the Sacrament emblems; expert, as instructor. He is drilling

a little fearful of all these sophisticated in fact, no privilege of any boy is them in Navajo so that they may better folks but are soon at ease, and many denied this fastgrowing, young brave. reach the understanding of the Indians

come to greet them. In the Sunday Eventful, full years have passed. It on the reservation. He gives them a

School there are two or three hundred is graduation night, and Barry and his word. In unison they repeat it over

people, all Mormons like themselves. friendbrother are in cap and gown and and over. He corrects their pronunciaTwo young people give extemporaneous in the line to receive high school diplotion. He gives them a sentence, and

talks, one a little white girl and the mas. His foster family are as proud they respond individually and as a

other their own Barry. He stands up of Barry as of their own son. Barry has group hundreds of times. A couple of

and speaks up in good English, and been president of his class, presiding intense hours and they take a breather,

DECEMBER 1965 1131 then are at it again. Their sounds must gnarled cedar! These new gospel truths The scene changes to the Hole in the

be near perfect. From Monday to are even more beautiful now. Rock at the Red Haystacks Cliffs at

Saturday they drill, then return to And here we are in the house of the Window Rock. Several years have

proselyting for three weeks using that Lord, and with the eternal priceless passed. We enter the little "Petagon"

which they have learned, and they note keys of the priesthood, I am performing in little "Washingdon,"and at his that the Navajos listen more intently these holy ordinances. What a beautidesk in a most vital position is tribal

now. Another week of drilling, then ful couple they are as tall, stalwart, councilman Barry Begay, tall and

three weeks putting to use that which intelligent Barry and his brighteyed handsome and wielding a powerful inthey have learned. Oh, how the Indians sweetheart Gladys stand admiring fluence among his people. Because of

drink in the gospel message as it comes each other, then kneel and are sealed him and his fellow workers, the Inflowing clearly and distinctly from for all eternity! She wipes a tear, and dians now ride in better cars on safer

Elder Begay and his companions. The his eyes are glistening. These and the highways to better homes. There are

baptisms increase, and the branches tears from others around the room are lights and water and telephones and grow. not white tears or red tears for tears are radio and TV. Their sick and afflicted

Two years have flown by as by not white tears or red tears, for tears are treated in modern, wellequipped magic. Elder Begay says farewell to his are colorless, but impressive tears as hospitals, and Indian nurses attend the

fellow missionaries, stops a few days at they roll down both brown faces and patients for whom Indian doctors prethe Begay home to ruffle his hair, put white. scribe and on whom they operate.

on his old overalls, run with the dog, And now John and Mary come to the Tribal funds derived from gas, oil, tend the sheep, and to tell his loved altar. Ah! What joy! What satisfaction! coal, and timber guarantee every Infolks more about the glorious message What accomplishment! A long lookeddian child schooling through college.

he has learned—and of the beautiful, for and awaited privilege is finally The former powwows are now fairs

talented Indian girl he met at the here. They kneel at the altar. The dignified, colorful, impressive, national

university, and of her concurrent misfaces, which were near expressionless attractions. The Indians are experts on

sion in the Northern Indian Mission, that first time we saw them, are now the farm, on the grazing lands, in the and of his growing romantic interest beaming. There is a new light in those silversmith shop. Indian teachers train

in her. As he returns to college, the eyes. In their white temple clothing, the little ones; Indian lawyers look

wise and generous tribe gives him a they look heavenly. And through the after legal matters. Trained Indians are

scholarship, making his further educaimpressive priesthood ceremony, Mary prominent in office, industry, business, tion a certainty. There is pride and becomes the wife of John for all government, and on college faculties.

heartache, loneliness and joy as the eternity. These tears are quiet, happy There are Indian governors, senators,

Begays wave at the northbound bus tears. There are, you know, tears of and impressive and influential laymen.

heading for Provo [Utah]. ecstasy and joy, and these were of The scene changes and years pass.

Time flies on wings of lightning. that holy kind. It is the Sabbath, and stake conference

We are now in a beautiful temple Now John and Mary and Barry and is in session. The great congregation

dedicated in "holiness to the Lord."his brother and sisters, all in white, is mostly Indian. The onehundred-

The room is large, modest, exquisite. become a tightly sealed eternal family. voice choir is a darkskinned folk,

The tan rug helps keep a sacred quietThe guests are embracing them, and though they are now much lighter.

ness. In the center is the altar tastehappy faces respond to kindly conThey have long been delightsome.

fully upholstered. Many people are gratulations. It is 10 am. General Authorities from

here in white, for they, with Barry and The today is gone; tomorrow dawns. Salt Lake City are on the stand. The

the returned lady missionary Gladys, More years pass on. We are on the high council and the bishoprics, largely

also have previously secured their holy university campus. The organ is playIndian, sit on the stand of the newly

endowments in the temple. The many ing a staccato march. A long double completed stake and ward building.

witnesses are both Indian and nonline of people in dark gowns, some Here is dignity and impressiveness.

Indian. adorned with bright colors and all Three thousand eyes and an equal

Four parents are here, exultant: the with tasseled caps, march from the number of ears are focused on the imfoster parents, the Smiths, so kind and gathering field to the auditorium. The pressive man who rises to the pulpit

gracious and generous; and there, main body of the house is occupied and opens the stake conference. It is

miracle of miracles, are John and Mary by the graduates, the sidelines by relaPresident Barry Begay, former bishop,

Begay. The years and the associations tives and friends. I peer about for cercalled Doctor Begay at the little

have made some changes. They are tain faces. Ah yes, they are there "Petagon,"who preaches such a proolder now. His long bobbed hair of on the sixth row, and the Begay parents found sermon to his people. His chilyears ago is short. He has been are beaming. By them is Gladys with dren are all being well trained. His son

wearing a suit; his shoes have been two little ones by her side and a baby Barry, Jr., is on a mission in Bolivia.

shined and his clothes pressed. There in her arms. The marching lines are It is President Begay, Doctor Begay,

he sits, tall and dark and handpunctuated with darker faces. Yes, Brother Begay, Elder Begay who adsome in his white temple clothes there is an Indian graduate, and there, ministers to the sick in the hospital,

robes appearing to be even whiter in and there, and there. How rewarding! preaches funeral sermons, assists people

contrast with his ruddy, happy, smiling And there is Barry. How handsome he with their marital, moral, financial

face. And there sits Mary. Though she is, and poised! Our pride is boundless. problems. It is our Barry Begay, a

still loves her beads and turquoise, And now the president of the unilittle boy who is now a big man.

her silver and her velveteen, she now versity is awarding the doctor's degrees. Barry Begay is typical. There are

modernizes and styles her hair and When the name "Barry Begay"is thousands of Barrys. They are of many

dresses. And there she sits smiling, spoken, my heart jumps. Barry Begay tribes from New York to San Diego,

wondering, expectant, and happy bewith a doctor's degree! Our Barry Beand from Alaska to Florida, and from

yond expression. Today she is to be gay with a PhD! Our Barry Begay! the isles of the sea. They are of numersealed for all eternity to this stalwart All our efforts, our disappointments, ous tribes and of many languages and

husband with whom she has shared our worries, our battles with contenddialects. They are coming from Cardsjoy and pain, hardship and privilege, ing forces, all our waiting and striving ton and Bemidji, from Blackfoot and

wind and weather; and she will be and praying! Our dreams are coming Hopiland, from South America and

his loved wife for endless ages. How true! John, Mary, and Gladys modestly Mexico. They are coming to training in

glad she was that the Mormon elders wait their turn to express pride and schools and church, growing in wisdom found her long ago weaving under that affection to their Dr. Barry Begay. and coming into their own, learning

1132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the best of the white man's culture and down the aisle again, fearful, ready to earth, and all things that in them are.

retaining the best of their own. escape if necessary, but impelled as... and in me hath the Father glorified

The Lord chose to call them Lamanthough directed by inaudible voices his name....

ites. They are fulfilling prophecies. with "a familiar spirit"and as though "'I am the light and the life of the

They are a chosen people with rich memories long faded were reviving, as world. I am Alpha and Omega, the

blood in their veins. They are casting though some intangible force were beginning and the end.'"(3 Nephi

off the fetters of superstition, fear, crowding him on to seek something 9:15, 18.)

ignorance, and prejudice and are clothfor which he yearned but could not This day of the Lamanite brings ing themselves with knowledge, good identify. opportunity. Millions farm the steep

works, and righteousness. And this From his seat on the stand, Elder hillsides of Andean ranges and marChurch is elated to have an important Packer caught his eye, beckoned to ket their produce with llamas and

part in bringing about this transformahim, and stretched out big, welcoming horses and burros. They must have

tion. The prophet echoed the promise arms. A moment's hesitation and the the emancipating gospel. Millions serve

of the Father of us all when he wrote: little ragamuffin was nestled comin menial labor, eke out bare subsistence

"And blessed are they who shall fortably on his lap, in his arms, the from soil and toil. They must hear the

seek to bring forth my Zion at that day, tousled head against a great warm compelling truths of the gospel. Milfor they shall have the gift and the heart—a heart sympathetic to waifs, lions are tied to reservations, deprived,

power of the Holy Ghost; and if they and especially to little Lamanite ones. untrained, and less than they could be.

endure unto the end they shall be It seemed the little one had found a They must have the enlightening goslifted up at the last day,... how safe harbor from a stormy sea, so conpel. It will break their fetters, stir their

beautiful upon the mountains shall tented he was. The cruel, bewildering, ambition, increase their vision, and

they be."(1 Nephi 13:37.) frustrating world was outside. Peace, open new worlds of opportunity to

Yesterday they were deprived, weaksecurity, acceptance enveloped him. them. Their captivity will be at an

ening, vanishing; today thousands are Later Elder Packer sat in my office end—captivity from misconceptions,

benefiting in the Indian seminaries, and, in tender terms and with a subilliteracy, superstition, fear. "The clouds

in regular seminaries and institutes as dued voice, rehearsed this incident to of error disappear before the rays of they become involved in the placement me. As he sat forward on his chair, truth divine."(Parley P. Pratt, Hymns,

program and church work within the his eyes glistening, a noticeable emo269.)

stakes and missions. Numerous are retion in his voice, he said, "As this little And Nephi's vision is realized:

ceiving secular as well as spiritual one relaxed in my arms, it seemed it "... I beheld that the church of the

training in Mexico, South America, and was not a single little Lamanite I held. Lamb, who were the saints of God,

Hawaii and the isles of the sea. Many It was a nation, indeed a multitude of were also upon all the face of the

are now in college and large numbers nations of deprived, hungering souls, earth...."(1 Nephi 14:12.)

in fulltime mission service. Tens of wanting something deep and warm The brighter day has dawned. The

thousands are now eligible for superior they could not explain—a humble scattering has been accomplished; the

training and service through church people yearning to revive memories all gathering is in process. May the Lord

organizations in all the Americas and but faded out—of ancestors standing bless us all as we become nursing

in the Pacific. LamaniteNephite leadwide-eyed, openmouthed, expectant fathers and mothers (see Isa. 49:23 and

ers are now standing forth to direct and and excited, looking up and seeing a 1 Nephi 21:23) unto our Lamanite

inspire their people. The day of the holy, glorified Being descend from brethren and hasten the fulfillment

Lamanite is come, and tomorrow will celestial areas, and hearing a voice say: of the great promises made to them,

be even better. 'Behold, I am Jesus Christ, the Son of I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

May I conclude with this experience God. I created the heavens and the Amen.

of my friend and brother, Boyd K.

Packer, as he returned from Peru. It

was in a branch Sacrament meeting.

The chapel was filled, the opening exercises finished, and the Sacrament in preparation. A little Lamanite ragastreet. entered the Hismuffin from so This, Then, is the Challenge scarcely one, make wouldtwo shirts

ragged they were and torn and worn. Bishop Victor L. Brown

It was unlikely that those shirts had Of the Presiding Bishopric ever been off that little body since they were donned. Calloused and chapped My dear brethren and sisters and An article published some time ago

were the little feet which brought him friends, I appreciate the opportunity of in Town and Country was condensed in the open door, up the aisle, and to being with you this beautiful afternoon for the Reader's Digest. It was entitled

the Sacrament table. There was dark in this historic building located in the "What Parents Think about Campus

and dirty testimony of deprivation, valley of the mountains. I am grateful Morals."If I counted correctly, there

want, unsatisfied hungers—spiritual as for the blessing of living in this land were twelve responses published. They

well as physical. Almost unobserved where we may worship in freedom. represented many different areas of the

he shyly came to the Sacrament table, This gratitude is more meaningful tocountry. I was interested in the reand with a seeming spiritual hunger, day because of a short visit behind the action of parents to the prior survey

leaned against the table and lovingly iron curtain a few weeks ago, where the mentioned in this article reporting a rubbed his unwashed face against the state police determine who will worbreakdown in morals on many camcool, smooth, white linen. ship where and when. puses throughout the nation. Of the

A woman on a front seat, seemingly I am grateful beyond expression for twelve representative replies, most outraged by the intrusion, caught his the blessing I have had for the past parents seemed to feel a need for eye and with motion and frown sent four years of associating with these change. All of them felt an urgent

the little ragamuffin scampering down great men, the General Authorities of need for better discipline on the part the aisle out into this world, the street. the Church. My constant prayer is of the colleges and universities. Only

A little later, seemingly compelled that I will not disappoint them nor two mentioned that parents had any by some inner urge, he overcame his my Heavenly Father in trying to carry responsibility in this problem. The

timidity and came stealthily, cautiously out my responsibilities. rest seemed to feel that it was the reDECEMBER 1965 1133

sponsibility of the schools. to shield his son from facing up to the great one it is—not only to be willing

Some weeks ago a news release told consequences of an unlawful and to answer for our own actions but to of the brutal attack of a group of soheinous crime, excusing him by saying, teach our children that they must called overprivileged teenage boys on "Boys will be boys."be willing and have the courage to

a girl, and then the efforts of one of No matter what the father's motivaanswer for their actions. Many of the

the fathers who happened to be a tion, by failing to teach his son that he evils that beset the world today can prominent businessman in the city to must answer for his actions, he is doing be traced to this weakness.

ward off any prosecution of his son him a terrible disservice. What will Too many people today are passing

with the statement that boys must let the son's next offense be? And will the buck, not willing to own up to

off steam sometimes. the father try to place the blame on their own responsibility.

The other evening at our dinner someone else when his excuse, "Boys If we, as parents, will teach our table, one of the children wanted to will be boys,"becomes meaningless? children to have a sense of responleave to participate in another activity. Unless this father teaches his son that sibility, a willingness to answer for

He hadn't quite finished his salad. I he, the son, must answer for his actions their actions, we will be a blessing

told him that as soon as he finished the no matter what the consequences, he to them, and they in turn will be a salad, he could be excused. will fail as a father. blessing and a delight to all with

My attention was diverted for a Finally, the third case. It would be whom they associate.

moment or two, and off he went. so easy to shrug off this incident as I am grateful for my responsibilities

When I called to him, he assured me just one of those childish occurrences. as a parent. I am grateful for my rehe had finished his salad. There were just two old pieces of tosponsibilities in the Church. I know

As I helped to clear the dishes, I mato involved. For some reason I it is true. I know without a shadow of

removed the cover from the disposal, couldn't see it that way. To me, if this a doubt that God lives, that Jesus

and there before my eyes were the two wonderful boy, whom I love very dearChrist gave his life that we might live.

pieces of tomato that were supposed ly, is not taught that he cannot be just I know that God has a mouthpiece on to have been eaten. A discussion folpartly honest, that he is either an earth today in the person of David O.

lowed. He knows I haven't forgotten honest person or he is not, if he is McKay.

the incident, but I think he has fornot taught that on small things he I humbly pray, my brothers and sisgotten that he still needs to establish must face up to the consequences and ters, that all parents will sense their the punishment. answer for his actions, how can he responsibility toward their children

After our discussion, I overheard him possibly know later in life that he and that they will carry that responremark to his sister, "All of this for must answer for his actions when more sibility in a pleasing and acceptable just two old pieces of tomato."serious things are involved? manner to our Heavenly Father, in the

I cite these three incidents because This then is the challenge! What a name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

I think they have something in common. They have a thread of weakness

that to me is one of the most insidious problems we face today, and this is the failure on our part to he willing to accept full responsibility for our own actions. first case, the parents apIn the A Holy Relationship felt institueducational theparently tion had the responsibility to discipline EIRay L. Christiansen

the students, and this is as it should Assistant to the Council of the Twelve be. But more important is the question

"What responsibilities had the parents My brethren and sisters: With all wife. It is bound to have a farin rearing their children, in teaching my heart I wish to express appreciation reaching effect upon your future. Like

them proper standards, infusing them to this wonderful chorus of students the ripples caused by a pebble cast with a sense of selfdiscipline, inspiring from the Brigham Young University upon a placid pool, the decision you them to have the courage to face up for having sung those two highly apmake in regard to where, with whom, to the consequences of their own acpropriate numbers. It is as if they had and by whom your marriage ordinance

tions?"expressed the prayer that I have had in is administered will affect not only

If the parents had accepted their my heart, "Shed forth thy Spirit, O you, but the lives of many others, responsibility, the school's problem Lord,"and then that very humbling especially your children. In fact, it

would have been infinitely easier. All hymn which they sang so beautifully, will likely affect generations to come.

too often parents look to others to "I stand all amazed at the love Jesus In a matter of such vast importance, carry out responsibilities that rightfully offers me."it is imperative that sober thought be

belong to the parents. They sometimes In what I shall say, I have in mind given to your marriage long before it

even use worthwhile activities such as particularly you who have yet to act takes place. It is not merely for biochurch or civic work as the excuse to upon two momentous questions: logical, social, or economic reasons that

absolve themselves of some of their Whom shall I marry? Where shall I two people are united in matrimony.

responsibilities in the home. Too many marry? The purpose of marriage is far more

parents blame others for the problems There are many ways of doing sacred and more farreaching than that.

their children experience when in things; but surely, in anything we do, We must realize, first of all, that

reality the basic responsibility is on there's no better way than the right marriage is a holy relationship detheir own doorstep. Until we, as parway. And the Lord's way is always the signed by our Heavenly Father for the

ents, accept the full responsibility for right way. And fortunately, he has divine purpose of perfecting us and

training our children to be honest, to made his way very plain. Seldom is those who follow us. This is done in

be moral, to exercise selfdiscipline, to our problem one of knowing what is part by the husband and wife learning have integrity and other basic virtues, right, but rather in having the wisdom to love and respect each other as they we cannot say we have shouldered our and the will to do what is right. should and in rearing children in the

full responsibility. In my opinion, the most consemanner prescribed by the Lord.

In the second case, we see an inquential event in your life takes place After all, a person's dearest possesdulgent father at his very worst, trying when you are united as husband and sessions are his loved ones—his com1134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

panion and his family. In the hearts when you marry. Can we consign the It is comforting to know that death

of most of us there exists a deep Lord's prescribed way to a secondary need not long separate husbands and spiritual affinity for our loved ones. position? We cannot. When you conwives and that death will not separate

It is natural to enjoy each other now sider the incomparable blessings and them if the sealing received in the and to look forward with assurance the promises that may be realized in temple is approved by the Holy Spirit to a grand reunion with them in a marriage that may be perpetuated of promise, which is the Holy Ghost.

the resurrection. True love is not through the eternities ahead of you Moreover, death does not deny parents

earthbound. It is as eternal as our as compared with a temporary associafrom associating with their children if

spirits, which never die. A continution, your desire, your determination they are born in the covenant previing association in this life and in the should be to take hold of and insure ously made by their parents in the

next with those we love should be these blessings and promises. holy temple or if they are sealed in

the great desire of every person. It is If ever there was a time to be realholy temples as families, provided, of

the ultimate! It is the greatest achieveistic and to act in the light of things as course, that all remain faithful to the

ment in mortality! they are, if ever there was a time to end.

It was President George Albert Smith "use your heads,"so to speak, it is Such "... children are legal heirs,"

who said this: "Fathers, I do not care when the thought of marriage first said Brigham Young, "to the Kingdom

how much property you have, what enters your mind, and from that point and to all its blessings and promhonor you may attain to—it is immaon to strive to become worthy and preises,..."(Discourses of Brigham

terial to me whether your names are pared to enter into that holy place and Young, 1946 ed., p. 195.)

written in the records of history bethere receive the blessings that the When two souls have a true love for cause of your accomplishments.... Lord has awaiting for the faithful. each other—a genuine, tender affecThe greatest blessings [you can ever The necessity of this is emphasized tion, not merely a physical attraction

acquire] are your boys [sons] and in the words of President Joseph F. when they are really united in spirit,

your girls [daughters]."(The Church Smith who explained so clearly: "Unhaving the same lofty ideals, the same

News, February 22, 1947, p. 8; The less a man and wife are married by the beliefs, the same standards, trusting

Improvement Era, January 1965, p. power of God and his authority, they each other, confiding in each other;

27.) become single again, they have no when there is sincere recognition of

But such an eternal relationship claim upon each other, after death; honor, virtue, and devotion; when

with our loved ones does not come such people are joined together through about automatically, as some have supthe sealing power and the ordinances posed. It must not only be planned for; thereof, their marriage, if continued on

it must be earned. such a basis, should give them assurDo you realize that only when you ance and comfort in the thought that

have lived in harmony with all the even though death may part them, laws and ordinances of the priesthood, yet in the resurrection they shall come which include those administered in forth and live in the family relationholy temples, that you can expect to ship forever.

find yourselves prepared to dwell in In all kindness may I remind you what I sometimes refer to as the that this is your earthly life that you "Kingdom of Families"? are living now—yours. You will live

In a revelation to the Prophet Joseph it but once! There will be no rerun.

Smith, the Lord has said: "And they There will be no repeat performance.

who are not sanctified through the law What you do now in this life deterwhich I have given unto you, even the mines where you will be in the life law of Christ, must inherit another to come. It is your future, your destiny,

kingdom, even that of a terrestrial that you are molding.

kingdom, or that of a telestial kingYou made good in that preearth dom. life, of which we have heard today.

"For he who is not able to abide the You must not now "fumble the ball"law of a celestial kingdom cannot abide on the eighteen or twenty year line.

a celestial glory."(D&C 88:2122.) When you do take a wrong course, you

And it is in that kingdom where husare undoing the work of your prior bands and wives will continue as such existence, for there you struggled for and where we may be surrounded by ages to reach mortality where you our loved ones, if we are willing to now are.

"pay the price."My beloved friends, young men and

Our heritage of doctrine in this young women, God bless you to keep

Church and of knowledge and of auyour lives clean and wholesome, that thority to act in the name of the Lord you may go to him in prayer and ask is tremendous. How fortunate it is him to guide you in choosing your

that after its absence from the earth mates, and when chosen, that you may for hundreds of years the Lord their contract is filled... and is thereboth live so that you may enter the

has revealed anew the principle of the fore of no force in and after the resurhouse of the Lord in worthiness, for covenant of eternal marriage and has rection...."(The Improvement Era, there is no better way than the right

restored the divine authority to adJuly 1902, p. 716.) way; and the Lord's way is always the

minister it. It is here. It is yours to This means that those husbands and right way. A marriage begun the right

embrace! With the knowledge that it wives who do not accept this heavenway starts you on the course to happiis. the Lord's way and therefore the sent gift will come forth in the resurness, to the sweetest joy known in this

right way, no Latterday Saint with rection separately, with no claim upon life and throughout the eternities.

a concordant spirit would deviate each other and with no claim To this I bear testimony and pray from it. Some may say, "Why not try upon their children. Think of it! To for all of us the blessings of the Lord

a civil marriage first and if it works pass by this would be to pass by the to continue and to be increased accordthen later on go to the temple?"But greatest of all gifts that God can offer ing to our merits, in the name of the

surely the time to be married right is us—the means to eternal happiness. Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1965 1135 do know that these things whereof I

Building a Foundation havesupposespokenthat Iareknowtrue.ofAndtheirhowsurety?do ye

of Personal Revelation made"Behold,knownI sayuntountome youby thetheyHolyare

Bishop Robert L. Simpson Spirit of God. Behold, I have fasted

Of the Presiding Bishopric and prayed many days that I might know these things of myself. And now

Twenty years ago during World As a child of God man is never for- I do know of myself that they are

War II, I walked near the Meditersaken by him. War and contention true; for the Lord God hath made

ranean Sea by a city known anciently among men whether it be an internathem manifest unto me by his Holy as Caesarea Philippi. I was all alone. I tional conflict or a form of family Spirit; and this is the spirit of revelahad come there with the hope of redisunity is not God's will. Man's untion which is in me."(Alma 5:4546.)

capturing some of the surrounding inhappiness is of his own making—Now, Alma points out here that he

fluence that gave background to one of direct result of nonconformity to the did something more than just carry on the significant discussions of all time. I plan of life as contained in Heavenly the work. He hastened his process of

refer to that occasion when the Savior Father's blueprint for happiness. Men sure knowledge through fasting and

had asked his disciples: "Whom do never fail because of God's revealed prayer. "I have fasted and prayed

men say that I the Son of man am?"word, but rather, in spite of it. many days that I might know these

"And they said, Some say that thou So how can we know as Peter knew? things of myself."These same princiart John the Baptist: some, Elias; and How can a person achieve this reasples will work for each of us today.

others, Jeremias, or one of the prophsuring, motivating certainty that God Fasting has been practiced by men ets."lives? Surely, if there were no doubts seeking spiritual strength from the

Then Christ became more direct, our course would be undeviating. Can very beginning of time. David the

"... But whom say ye that I am? it be that only a few are chosen to Psalmist tells how he humbled his soul

"And Simon Peter answered and receive this most precious gift of perwith fasting. (2 Sam. 12:16ff.)

said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of sonal assurance? And now speaking of prayer, if

the living God."(Matt. 16:1316.) The purpose of all creation is, hopeprayer were important for Alma, it is

As never before, the strength, the fully, that all men may qualify to important for us, too. It is folly to

power, the conviction of that testimony return to His presence. Now, there are think in terms of having this highly

declared so many centuries before had those who spend most of a lifetime spiritual information made known to become mine to cherish and harbor as debating with themselves. They ask: us by the Holy Spirit, without first

an integral part of my own personal Is it worth it? or, How can I truly parting the veil through prayer. It was

testimony. know that this or that is God's will? this important step that led to this

What happened to me that beautiAs the Savior taught in the temple greatest of all dispensations, the Disful morning in the coasts of Caesarea on one occasion, the Jews marvelled pensation of the Fullness of Times.

Philippi was not unique nor was it at his wisdom and knowledge. "How The young lad Joseph was touched by

physical in any way. As Christ exknoweth this man letters, having that invitation of Holy Writ, the

plained to Peter: "... flesh and blood never learned?"they asked. promise given for all men alike: "If

hath not revealed it unto thee, but my "Jesus answered them, and said, My any of you lack wisdom, let him ask

Father which is in heaven."(Ibid., doctrine is not mine, but his that sent of God, that giveth to all men liber16:17.) Peter was the recipient of perme. ally, and upbraideth not; and it shall

sonal revelation! And in like manner "If any man will do his will, he be given him."(Jas. 1:5.)

this same sweet confirmation of testishall know of the doctrine, whether it When we want bus travel informamony can permeate the hearts of all be of God, or whether I speak of mytion, we go to the bus terminal; when

truthseeking, conscientious Latterday self."(John 7:1417.) The key phrase, we want financial assistance, we seek

Saints the world over. This great gift of of course, is, "If any man will do his out a banker; so why not go directly

personal revelation is unmistakable; it will."The doing is of prime importo God for a confirming testimony of

is direct. It is a more sure communicatance. him and his work?

tion than the audible spoken word; for We are always touched when we "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek,

that which we hear through mortal ears hear a chorus of Primary children sing, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall

is sometimes distorted, so often misun- "I Am a Child of God."The last two be opened unto you:

derstood. This precious gift of spirit lines of that inspired song read: "Teach "For every one that asketh receiveth;

speaking to spirit is infallible and me all that I must know, To live with and he that seeketh findeth; and to

direct and, in the case just cited, came Him some day."I understand that him that knocketh it shall be opened.

from a loving Heavenly Father to his future printings will follow a wise "Or what man is there of you, whom faithful disciple Peter. suggestion made by Brother Kimball, if his son ask bread, will he give him

During this same conversation, that the word "know"be changed to a stone?

Peter's revelation was referred to as a "do.""Teach me all that I must do, "Or if he ask a fish, will he give

rock—a rock firm and immovable. To live with Him some day."Only him a serpent?

"... and upon this rock,"the Savior in the doing can we be assured of a "If ye then... know how to give

gifts children,declared, "I will unto your confirmation the church."by good how by build my

is Father spirit—yes,eligible for shall your(Ibid., 16:18.) rock which do more as the good become much works we He selected

perfect symbol of uncompromised personal revelation. in heaven give good things to them

truth, the only possible foundation May we now turn to another importhat ask him?"(Matt. 7:7-11.)

—theupon whichrock of torevelation.build his true Church knowledgetant key to ofthis Deity.vital andTwosoughtafterthousand work.ThereThereis nois nosweeterjoy toworkcomparethanwithhis

This same rock of revelation is years ago the great high priest Alma the blessed assurance of obedience to broad enough for all mankind to build was travelling from eity to city. He his laws and ordinances. But we only

upon. It beckons to all individuals knew something about personal revelado his work and obey his law when

who are willing to put on his yoke, tion and seemed most anxious to share we are convinced that it is most imfor it is easy and the burden is light. it with those he attempted to teach as portant. This is why we must remove

The author of all truth has declared he declared: with all haste those barriers that

it so. "Behold, I testify unto you that I would prevent such assurance from a

1 136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA loving Heavenly Father who is so with conviction about things most that he possessed the powers of peranxious that we receive. May we important. The world needs the added sonality and leadership that you deguard against the condition that Lastrength of several thousand more scribed, but there is another factor

man and Lemuel found themselves in. clarion voices that teach only truth far more important than anything that

They refused to cooperate in God's because they live by the truth. you mentioned which completely

work even after receiving unmistakable To my mind, the main strength of dominated the lives of Brigham Young direction from an angel and the still the world we live in is the strength and his people.

small voice. Nephi records that they of his true Church. And where is the "The supreme reason Brigham

were "past feeling,"that they "could main strength of his true Church? Young and all the Saints migrated to

not feel his words."(1 Nephi 17:45.) Not in the buildings on this block, nor Utah was that each of them had

It is interesting to note that it was is it found in any group of men who in his heart a burning testimony of they, not God, who broke the bond. might be designated as leaders for a the truthfulness of the restored gospel

This seems to be the pattern, and our short season. In my opinion, the of Jesus Christ. Each one accepted

day is no exception. Church has its foundation in the without any mental reservation the

I feel sorry for the man or woman heart, in the home, and in the testireality of the existence of God the who has become so negative that he is mony of every worthy member. The Father and Christ the Son and felt

"past feeling"so far as the things of widow cannot pay her mite, nor is it a close personal relationship to them.

God are concerned. But we all rejoice possible for an unselfish scoutmaster It was a positive fact to each Latteras we see those who stand out in the or quorum leader or dedicated bishop day Saint that the Eternal Father and

crowd as a beacon on a hill, declaring to take time to help a boy except the his Only Begotten Son had appeared with Alma that "... the knowledge kingdom of God on earth is strengthto Joseph Smith in the Sacred Grove,

which I have is of God"(Alma 36:26); ened and the world is made a little and also that other heavenly beings

those who reconfirm the testimony of more secure on its foundations. had appeared to the Prophet and given

Job, "For I know that my redeemer Indeed, the Savior of the world has to him the priesthood through which liveth,..."(Job 19:25); those who declared if a foundation is built on he had organized the true Church of

stand firm with Joseph Smith and the solid rock of revelation, be it an Jesus Christ. They firmly maintained

Sidney Rigdon in their famous declaraindividual, a group, a nation, or the that all the principles and ordinances tion, "And now, after the many testiworld, that "... the gates of hell shall of the gospel which had been on

monies which have been given of him, not prevail against it."(Matt. 16:18.) earth in former dispensations were rethis is the testimony, last of all, which Peter heard it on the shores of Caesarea vealed from heaven to the Prophet

we give of him: that he lives!"(D&C two thousand years ago. I found it still Joseph. Thus, Brigham Young and his

76:22. Italics added) and then those there undiminished twenty years ago, followers maintained that Joseph had

who can feel with Peter, "Thou art and you can find it in your quiet place been God's mouthpiece here upon thethe Christ, the Son of the living God."today, tomorrow, and forever. May we earth—his holy prophet, seer, and

as literally as any revel prehad most available ever be 16:16.) (Matt. ator—just

prophets. of the Old Testament gift the of assurance. needs world The for spirit—personalthat

of the Joseph "Following martyrdom in prayer the name rock to replace solid my some needsworld The ciousrevelation—is

shifting sand. The world needs men of Jesus Christ. Amen. Smith, the members of the Church

who migrated to Utah maintained that all the power and authority from God which had been brought by heavenly beings to Joseph had been bestowed upon his successor, Brigham

The Dynamics of Testimony Young.their pioneerThe Saintsleaderwerewas positivenow God'sthat

President Milton R. Hunter holyrevelator.anointedHis wordprophet,was seer,accepted,and

Of the First Council of the Seventy therefore, as the word and the will of believed Saints firmly Lord. The Brigham's outstandthe for to account I sisters, and dear brethren am sons My were building Brigham they with that colonizer. as a ing success of privilege once for the gratefulvery

again bearing witness to the restored "Brigham Young,"so he explained, the kingdom of God under divine heaven. direction from individuals rare those of "was one Christ. of Jesusgospel

concluded, Paxson,"I Dr. "Thus, forceful exceedingly an with a conblessed I had occasion certain On a of the gospel testimony individual "an naturally a was personality. man He L. Paxson, Frederick Dr.versation with

possessed by each Jesus Christ leadof of powers with unusual endowed Department of the Historychairman the Saint was actually Latterday powers natural those ership. Through and of Californiaat the University

caused Brigham force which his dynamic of result as a and leadership of histooutstanding America's ofone to his followers withstand and Young -personality, was he forceful unusual suggests God's conversationrians. This

persecutions terrible and violence lives the mob dominate to completely able light and transmitting ofmethod their and to leave East, homes the in his Saints. Thus Latterday the here his children on of toknowledge

suffer life, willingly to and of comforts bidBrigham's did always followers it the as I shall use soearth, and disease, and hunger, hardships, untold dings."today. talk ofbasis my enand of many explanation, his completing it After his them—death,—for that stated was Dr. Paxson

difficulties other numerous I dure not to me, said Paxson Dr. "Am perwas that Young Brighamopinion

a than more in making encountered of appraisal in Hunter, Mr. the correct, my that colonizer greatest thehaps

wilthe trek through miles'thousand these the are not and Young, Brigham explained ever known. He hadworld

land. Their their promised to derness in successful so was he reasons City, why Salt Lake foundingthat after

testimonies caused positive, dynamic in the vast empire a such colonizing settlers in every sent YoungBrigham follow Brigham to people of thousands great West?"resulting center, that direction from

his instrucsuggestions, obey in Dr. Paxson, I replied: "No, my Young's desert expansive an in colonizing

successfully and tions commands, and not gave are reasons you the opinion point the stressed Dr. Paxsoncountry.

... as the blossom desert 'the make caused factors vital which the most told President Young whereverthat

(Isa. 35:1.) outrose.'"an to do such leader the Mormon without went go, they to followers his

and sisters, this power, agree I do as a colonizer. My brethren job standing reagave his he hesitation. Thenany

DECEMBER 196S known as testimony of the gospel, is or testimony, to the hearts of righteous testimony. Second, he must study the

one of the most dynamic forces in the people. Throughout all ages the Holy holy scriptures prayerfully and with

world when it comes into a person's Ghost has borne witness of "... the an open mind. You recall that the

heart. It is that divine power which Eternal God, and the Messiah who is Master declared: "Search the scriptures;

lights up men's souls and gives them the Lamb of God...."( 1 Nephi 12: for in them ye think ye have eternal

deep feelings, indescribable inward 18; D&C 20:27.) It is a fact of spelife: and they are they which testify

peace, unbounded joy, and great uncial significance that the Holy Ghost of me."(John 5:39; D&C 1:37.)

derstanding. Yes, it endows them bears testimony to the hearts of men Third, a person must render obedience

even with hidden treasures of knowlthat Jesus is the Christ, the Savior of to God's commandments. Jesus made

edge. It guides them back to God. the world. Paul definitely declared that this fact clear. He said: "My doctrine

Paul, the ancient apostle, tells us from "... no man can say that Jesus is is not mine, but his that sent me.

what source mortals get their testithe Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.""If any man will do his will, he

monies. He wrote: (1 Cor. 12:3.) shall know of the doctrine, whether it

"For what man knoweth the things The Holy Ghost is the member of be of God, or whether I speak of myof man, save the spirit of man which the Godhead through which both self."(John 7:1617.) And fourth,

is in him? even so the things of God prophecy and revelation operate. For he must pray to God the Father in

knoweth no man, but the Spirit of example, Peter wrote: "... prophecy the name of Jesus Christ and sincerely

God.... came not in old time by the will of ask for a testimony. By doing these

"But the natural man receiveth not man: but holy men of God spake as things a person receives a testimony

the things of the Spirit of God: for they were moved by the Holy Ghost.", that the restored gospel of Jesus Christ

they are foolishness unto him: neither (2 Pet. 1:21.) John the Revelator deis true.

cart he know them, because they are clared that "... the testimony of In order to gain a thorough underspiritually discerned."(1 Cor. 2:11, Jesus is the spirit of prophecy."(Rev. standing of what it means to have the

14.) 19:10.) In the words of the Prophet Holy Ghost bear witness to one's heart,

From Paul's statement it is evident Joseph Smith, "No man can receive a person must have that experience.

that people do not obtain their testithe Holy Ghost without receiving One who has done so knows that the monies through their physical senses revelations. The Holy Ghost is a revepower of the Holy Ghost may come

but through their spiritual senses. lator."(Teachings of the Prophet to an individual in varying degrees.

Thus Brigham Young and his people Joseph Smith, p. 328.) The Lord has On most occasions it bears witness to

obtained their knowledge directly from declared that "... the Holy Ghost one quite gently, but there may be a

God, receiving it through their... manifesteth all things which are few occasions in one's life when that

spiritual senses, and so a testimony expedient unto the children of men."divine power enters his body with such

can be termed spiritual knowledge. (D&C 18:18.) In fact, "... the Holy overwhelming force that he feels as if

Those who have received strong testiGhost, even the Comforter,... showit might consume his flesh, such as

monies feel that spiritual knowledge eth all things, and teacheth the peacewas experienced by the ancient may be even more real than knowledge able things of the kingdom."(Ibid., apostles on the day of Pentecost and

gained through the physical senses. A 39:6; 8:2.) by Heber C. Kimball at his baptism

statement made by Brigham Young It is a fact that the gift of the Holy and confirmation. Brother Kimball

illustrates his personal conviction reGhost is bestowed upon each baptized wrote: "... I received the Holy Ghost,

garding this matter. To quote: person when he is confirmed a memas the disciples did in ancient days,

"Men talk about what has been acber of the Church of Jesus Christ, but which was like consuming fire.... it

complished under my direction, and the Holy Ghost will not abide with seemed as though my body would attribute it to my wisdom and ability; that person if he is not righteous and consume away."(Life of Heber C.

but it is all by the power of God, and pure in heart. A person who has a Kimball, 1945 ed., p. 22.)

by intelligence received from him.... powerful testimony—even a dynamic, On these rare and marvelous occaWhat I know concerning God, concompelling testimony—can easily lose sions, one feels the power of the Holy

cerning the earth, concerning govit. How? Through committing sins and Ghost enter his body as if it were a

ernment, I received from the heavens, not repenting. Then "... the heavens wave of electricity. While he is under

not alone through my natural ability, withdraw themselves; [and] the Spirit that spiritual influence, he experiences

and I give God the glory and the of the Lord is grieved;..."(Ibid., an indescribable joy throughout his

praise."(Discourses of Brigham Young, 121:37.) "And he that repents not, whole being. Yes, he feels a love for

1926 ed., p. 664.) from him shall be taken even the everybody and everything far surThe Holy Ghost is the medium light which he has received; for my passing his natural ability to feel love

through which God operates in giving Spirit shall not always strive with and joy on other occasions. An experito men revelations, testimonies of the man, saith the Lord of Hosts."(Ibid., ence of this kind is more dynamic,

gospel, and all other spiritual gifts. 1:33.) more powerful, and more awePerhaps you recall that shortly before On the other hand, a testimony inspiring than any sensation that

his death, Jesus said to his apostles: grows through a person's humility, could be received through the physical

"If ye love me, keep my commandwillingness to submit to God's will, senses. Such a dynamic experience

ments. and continuous obedience. The more leaves a lasting impression on the re-

"And I will pray the Father, and completely one conforms his life to cipient that time does not dim and he will give you another Comforter, the teachings of the Master, the greatthat he can never deny.

that he may abide with you for er will be his testimony and the maniFor example, if this powerful witever;... festations of the gift of the Spirit. ness from the Holy Ghost comes to

"But the Comforter, which is the Jesus declared: bear testimony of the divine nature

Holy Ghost, whom the Father will "And whoso cometh unto me with a and truthfulness of the Book of Morsend in my name, he shall teach you broken heart and a contrite spirit, mon, the person who has had that all things, and bring all things to him will I baptize with fire and with witness borne to his heart will know your remembrance, whatsoever I have the Holy Ghost,..."(3 Nephi 9:20.) beyond a shadow of doubt, just as

said unto you."(John 14:1516, 26.) The Savior has proclaimed what we surely as he knows that he is alive,

The Lord declared that "... the might regard as a scientific pattern that the Book of Mormon is true—that

Comforter, the Holy Ghost,... knowwhich must be followed if one attains it is the word of God.

eth all things."(D&C 35:19.) His a testimony and retains it. First, he When Moroni was finishing the

principal function is to bear witness, must have a strong desire to gain a Nephite records preparatory to hiding

1138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them for future generations, he gave oughly acquainted that the Book of to guide us in these latter days.

us the key to receiving a testimony. Mormon is true. It is a divine and There are many thinking people in

He wrote: sacred record of the history and the world today in religious circles

"And when ye shall receive these religion of the ancient Americans. This who believe that we need the voice of

things, I would exhort you that ye knowledge is so thoroughly entrenched a prophet. I remember, when I was

would ask God, the Eternal Father, in my entire being that with all my down in the South as a missionary, in the name of Christ, if these things heart, strength, and might I bear testhere appeared an article in The are not true; and if ye shall ask with timony to the divine authenticity of Atlanta Constitution, the largest news-

a sincere heart, with real intent, having this holy book. paper of the South, reporting a

faith in Christ, he will manifest the Members of the Church of Jesus Methodist conference where Bishop truth of it unto you, by the power of Christ, let us build, sustain, and reAinsworth discussed the conditions the Holy Ghost. tain our testimonies by living "... by existing in the churches relative to the

"And by the power of the Holy every word that proceedeth forth from alarming conditions observed today

Ghost ye may know the truth of all the mouth of God."(D&C 84:44.) And and urged the churches and people of

things."(Moroni 10:4-5.) then our names shall be "... written all faiths to engage in a crusade to

This dynamic witness has come to in the Lamb's book of life"(Rev. 21: save civilization from moral decadence;

me, as it has to thousands of other 27), and we shall be "... sealed by and then the bishop added:

people who have followed Moroni's the Holy Spirit of promise..."(D&C "Never in the nation's history was

injunction. As a result of a gift from 132:26) to rise in the resurrection of the arresting voice of a prophet of God

God through the power of the Holy the just to be crowned with glory, more needed than it is today."(NoGhost, I know as positively as I know exaltation, and eternal life. vember 27, 1936.)

any other fact with which I am thorIn the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, it is wonderful if people begin

to realize the need of the arresting voice of a prophet of God. Another

article appeared in the Beds and Herts

Saturday Telegraph (Luton, England) a short time before that wherein the

Reverend James A. Sutherland disThe Need of a Prophet wouldcussed likethe toneedreadof youa prophet,what heandsaid:I

LeGrand Richards "We all recognize that something has

Of the Council of the Twelve gotare toin bea done,plight.forWhereat the momentour earthlywe

My heart is full of gratitude to my As I tried to think what I might say leaders falter, our people drift and die.

Father in heaven for the privilege of at this conference, I thought of an We cannot forget that when the blind attending this great conference with article that I read a short time ago in set out to lead the blind, chances are you, my brethren and sisters, and those one of the national magazines, written that both will find themselves in a who have attended the other sessions by the senior editor under the title ditch. A dictator being out of the quesof the conference. And I have rejoiced "The Battle of the Bible."That whole tion, WHAT ABOUT A PROPHET?

in the testimonies and the messages of article was devoted to the failure of "The Prophet never is selfappointed.

all of my brethren who have spoken the churches to perform what the It is well to keep that in mind. Nor is

prior to my talk, and particularly comchurches should do in the world today, he chosen of his fellows. Always he

mencing with that masterful address, and I thought I would like to read you is Heaven sent. Yet I am cheered at the

the keynote to the conference, dejust three sentences from that article: thought that he has a knack of appearlivered by President McKay yesterday "You feel religious restlessness everying at the right time. That being so, I

morning. I think that was no less than where you go. The big denominations, incline to the belief that our Prophet

a miracle. Those of us who have been long placid, are suddenly possessed by must surely be getting ready for us.

close to him and know the difficulty turmoil."Then he adds: "Many ProtLet us not forget that; hope and pray

he has had for some time in expressing estant leaders believe that the church as we will for his coming. Men have an

himself and have heard him here with will not survive as it is."(T George old habit of greeting the true prophet

the freedom that he had know that it Harris, Look, July 27, 1965, p. 17.) with stones. We need not be surprised

could not have been other than the Now think of that! Then I thought if an oldfashioned welcome awaits

blessing of the Lord. of what Brother Benson, just having the Prophet of our day. No one can

I am grateful to all of you good returned from Europe, told us in our say when such a prophet will come, people for the experience I have had meeting in the temple Wednesday, but of our need of him, there is no with so many of you as I have labored that in that land only three percent of question."(November 18, 1930.)

with you in the Church, as I have been the people attend their churches. What Isn't it wonderful to think that spiriin your stakes and in your missions. I a lack of faith! tual leaders are beginning to recognize

sit here on the stand, and I have a Then I thought of the words of Paul their failure, that they need the word happy feeling in my heart as I look of old when he said that perilous times of living prophets, like Amos of old along the rows and as I meet you and should come: "This know also, that in said: "Surely the Lord God will do

recall the experiences we have had tothe last days perilous times shall come. nothing, but he revealeth his secret

gether. It is a wonderful thing, and I "For men shall be lovers of their unto his servants the prophets."(Amos

thank God for your faith and your own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, 3:7.)

faithfulness. Just think of the power blasphemers, disobedient to parents, Another article appeared in The

there is represented in this meeting tounthankful, unholy:..."(2 Tim. Atlanta Journal while I was in the

day with all you wonderful leaders of 3:1-2.) South, quoting Bishop Warren A.

the missions and the stakes and the And then I asked myself, in the face Candler of the Methodist Church. He

wards, as you are gathered here in this of such declarations, What is the discussed the decadent condition of the great conference. And I thank you, as I remedy? And I have come to think Christian world and said: "The whole

know the brethren do, for your prayers that there is only one remedy, and world, especially our own country, for us of the General Authorities. And that is the voice of a living prophet. needs a revival of genuine religion."

we pray for you and thank God for you I thank God that we believe in a living After discussing that need, he said, and for your love and for your support. prophet, that we have a living prophet "We need the reappearance of prophets

DECEMBER 1965 1139 sent from God."(August 9, 1936.) the world began."(Acts 3:2021.) and women sitting here today have

I think that it is a wonderful thing I ask you, and I ask the world: How planted in your hearts by the power of

that these men recognize that they can there be a restitution of all things the Holy Ghost a witness that Joseph don't have what it takes! spoken by the mouths of all the holy Smith was a true prophet of God. And

Another article appeared in the Alaprophets since the world began withthat, after all, is the best knowledge bama Christian Advocate while I was out a living prophet upon the earth that one can get.

in the South, under the title 'The Cry unto whom such a restitution can be The Prophet Joseph Smith has given for Prophets,"and I would like to read conveyed by the powers of heaven, beto the world more revealed truth than you that: cause no man, no prophet of God, is any prophet who has ever lived upon

ever selfsent? He must be called and the face of the earth, aside from Jesus

O timorous Church of Christ, sent by our Father in heaven. Christ the Lord, as far as any records

Cease counting your gain and losses. When Moroni, the prophet, who we have today evidence anything to

The future, imperiled is calling lived upon this American continent the contrary.

With the voice of a million crosses! four hundred years after the birth of Many thinking people, not members

Calling for faithful Prophets and Seers. the Savior, visited the Prophet Joseph of the Church, have recognized in

To rise up and prophesy as a messenger from heaven, a resurJoseph Smith a conundrum and wonTo kindle a fading vision afresh, rected being, he visited him three times dered where his power came from. A

Lest a visionless people die. during the night and again the next writer for the New York Herald, who

morning. Joseph was then only sevenhad visited with the Prophet Joseph

Our sins are many, our needs are sore; teen years of age, and Moroni told him Smith back in 1842, published this:

O, Prophet, show us the roll—that his name would be had for good "Joseph Smith is undoubtedly one

Take up the scales of God once more, and evil among every nation and of the greatest characters of the age.

And weigh the things of the soul. every kindred and every people and He indicates as much talent, originality

Point not alone to the Patriarchs that his name should be spoken of for and moral courage as Mahomet, Odin

For the leading we need today both good and evil among all people. or any of the great spirits that have

Scrolls of the Ancients we cherish. We sing, "Praise to the man who hitherto produced the revolutions of

But the Prophets must lead the way. communed with Jehovah! Jesus anointpast ages.... While modern philoso-

(Marshall Wingfield, August 6, 1936. ed that Prophet and Seer,"(W. W. phy, which believes in nothing but

Italics added.) Phelps, Hymns, 147) while the world what you can touch, is overspreading

has denounced him as a false prophet the Atlantic states, Joseph Smith is

Another statement came from one until they finally put him to death with creating a spiritual system, combined of the leaders of the Methodist Church, his brother Hyrum. He said that he also with morals and industry, that

Dr. John Lidgett, as follows: felt much like the Apostle Paul when may change the destiny of the race....

"It is undoubtedly true that we need he made his defense before King We certainly want some such prophet a revival of religion, but such a revival Agrippa, and I read you his testimony: to start up, take a big hold of the

cannot be manmade. It must be God- "I had actually seen a light, and public mind—and stop the torrent of

given. We must pray for it, work for it, in the midst of that light I saw two materialism that is hurrying the world

but that alone will not make it posPersonages, and they did in reality into infidelity, immorality, licentioussible. It must come from God."speak to me; and though I was hated ness and crime."(Quoted by George

As already indicated, when a true and persecuted for saying that I had Q. Cannon, Life of Joseph Smith the

prophet is sent, an oldtime welcome seen a vision, yet it was true; and Prophet, 1958 ed., p. 345.)

will await him. This thought is also while they were persecuting me, revilIt is a prophet, the voice of a prophet,

expressed in Giovanni Papini's Life of ing me, and speaking all manner of that this world needs today.

Christ in these words: evil against me falsely for so saying, Now, you remember the statement

"All the prophets who have ever I was led to say in my heart: Why contained in the book Figures of the

spoken upon the earth were insulted persecute me for telling the truth? I Past by Josiah Quincy, the former

by men, and men will insult those who have actually seen a vision; and who mayor of Boston, saying:

are to come. We can recognize prophets am I that I can withstand God, or why "It is by no means improbable that

by this, that smeared with mud and does the world think to make me deny some future textbook, for the use of covered with shame, they pass among what I have actually seen? For I had generations yet unborn, will contain a

men, brightfaced, speaking out what is seen a vision; I knew it, and I knew question something like this: What

in their hearts. No mud can close the that God knew it, and I could not historical American of the nineteenth

lips of those who must speak. Even if deny it, neither dared I do it; at least century has exerted the most powerful

the obstinate prophet is killed, they I knew that by so doing I would ofinfluence upon the destiny of his cannot silence him. His voice multifend God, and come under condemnacountrymen? And it is by no means

plied by the echoes of his death will tion."(Joseph Smith 2:25.) impossible that the answer to that inbe heard in all languages and through The evidence that Joseph Smith was terrogatory may be thus written: Joseph

all the centuries."(1923 ed., p. 93.) a prophet of God is seen on every hand Smith, the Mormon prophet. And the

It is the mission and the privilege in the great organization of this reply, absurd as it doubtless seems to and the responsibility of the Latterday Church and its great achievements most men now living, may be an obSaints to bear witness to all the world and accomplishments. It has been said vious commonplace to their descenthat the God of heaven has raised up that one of the presidents of the United dants."(1926 ed., p. 317.)

a prophet in our day to usher in the States said that this was the greatest A college president, who taught restored gospel of his Son Jesus Christ, organization in the world for the dedown at Brigham Young University and it is our responsibility to bear that velopment of men and women. And just a short time ago, at the close of

message. we know that that is true. Men not of his service there, made this statement:

Reference has been made today to the Church even have borne testimony, "It may well be that the Mormon the words of Peter when he said: and not only that, but as Brother people have the key that will even-

"And he shall send Jesus Christ, Milton R. Hunter and Bishop Simpson tually save this country."

which before was preached unto you: have fust talked about the testimony Men do not make statements like

"Whom the heaven must receive that God plants in the hearts of milthat without some reason for it. He

until the times of restitution of all lions who have already borne witness, had seen the lives of the people, and things, which God hath spoken by the many of them have gone on to their he knew something of the accomplishmouth of all his holy prophets since rest. However, thousands like you men ments of this Church.

1140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here are a few comments from a few him a lot more now!), and he said, ful?"And then he added, "Why can

of the visitors to our exhibition at the "But I have in my library a book that wc not fellowship a people who believe

New York World's Fair, and this is is worth more than all the other books, in the beautiful things I have read to just an inkling of the marvelous combecause it is the word of God."And he you today?"

ments of people who have written in mentions it as the Book of Mormon. Now brothers and sisters, people

those books back there as visitors and Some of you have heard President don't need to be in the dark. If they

made their comments: Nicholas G. Smith, when he was presiare just willing to be openminded

One said, 'There is hope for the dent of the California Mission, tell us and will investigate the truth that we world with people like you."from this pulpit about how he was inhave to offer, they cannot help but

The next one: "More of this, no vited by the Dean of Religion at the know that this is the work of God the

doubt shall save our world."(They University of Southern California in Eternal Father.

begin to realize the power there is in Los Angeles to let him take a copy of In closing, I say to all of our friends this Church.) the Book of Mormon, and President who are not of us, of every church and

The next one: "Have seen nothing Smith gave him one that had been every creed, in the words of our song:

equal to it as far as religion is conmarked by the elders. And then he "Come, listen to a prophet's voice,

cerned."invited Brother Smith and the missionAnd hear the word of God,

We have similar statements from aries to come and listen to his sermon, And in the way of truth rejoice, people who have visited our Welfare and they did. He held up that Book And sing for joy aloud.

Square here, where the Church has of Mormon; he read verse after verse We've found the way the prophets

made preparation to take care of underthat had been marked by the elders, went privileged and needy people. I read you and he said this: Who lived in days of yore;

a few of those statements: "I have here a volume of scripture Another prophet now is sent

"It is a pattern for our federal govwhich has been in our midst for a This knowledge to restore."

ernment to attempt to follow."hundred years, and we have not known (Hymns, 46.)

"This is the most wonderful thing about it."That is our testimony to the world,

I have ever seen, and I hope to come And then he read many passages and we testify that we have a living back again."which the elders had marked and said prophet.

"This, to my way of thinking, is a this: I bear you my witness to that effect

real religion.""This is not a dead book; it lives."in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

"We believe your church and its And then repeating, "Isn't it beautiAmen.

members are doing the great deeds that may someday achieve a true brotherhood of man."General Priesthood Session, Saturday Evening, October 2, 1965

We knew that, but we are grateful to know that other people are finding it outl The Responsibility of the organization great the Besides of the Melchizedek Priesthood the have Book of MormonChurch, we to which Brother Milton R. Hunter Theodore M. Burton

has just referred, a tangible evidence; Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

and that evidence is something that the world is beginning to recognize, even My brethren in the priesthood: I "And he that receiveth my Father

some of the ministers. No man would am grateful for this privilege of adreceiveth my Father's kingdom; theredare write a book of fivehundred pages dressing you tonight. fore all that my Father hath shall be

and put in it such a promise as was The First Presidency has asked me given unto him.

read here by Brother Hunter, that to speak to you concerning the re- "And this is according to the oath when it comes if you would ask God, sponsibility of holders of the Melchizeand covenant which belongeth to the the Eternal Father, in the name of dek Priesthood. As I understand the priesthood.

Christ, he would manifest the truth gospel, that responsibility comes "Therefore, all those who receive the of it unto you by the power of the through our relationship to Jesus priesthood, receive this oath and covHoly Ghost. Christ. But it is with God the Eternal enant of my Father which he cannot

A minister who visited our exhibit Father that the covenant of the Melbreak, neither can it be moved."(D&C

at the fair in New York wrote this: chizedek Priesthood is made, and with 84:3440.)

"I am reading the Book of Mormon, him must that covenant be kept. It Scarcely a conference is held in

and it is a revelation, and I believe it is the most sacred calling and the which this marvelous scripture is not is the truth."greatest power that God the Eternal read, and yet some of us fail to under-

A minister wrote from the East some Father has given to man, and I am stand its great significance.

time ago, and he said that he had had fearful that too many of us do not As a first step in the new and ever- a Book of Mormon in his library for realize the great responsibility and lasting covenant, we are born anew years, and he had never read it. He trust which this calling puts upon our into the family of God the Eternal

said, "Recently I started reading it."shoulders when we covenant to beFather. But how? Remember, that

And in this letter he referred to Alma come the very elect of God. though we were all spirit children of

and Mosiah and King Benjamin and We who receive this priesthood, acGod the Father, he had but one Son their wonderful teachings, and he said, cording to the words of Jesus Christ: in the flesh, who was born upon this

"I am quoting from them in my ser- "... become the sons of Moses ana of earth, taking upon himself flesh and

mons to my people."Aaron and the seed of Abraham, and bones and carrying within himself the

A minister of the gospel toured here the church and kingdom, and the elect seed of immortality, for he was in very on this temple block some years ago, of God. deed Jesus Christ the Redeemer, the

and then he wrote a letter back and "And also all they who receive this Anointed, the Only Begotten Son of said that he had been a minister of priesthood receive me, saith the Lord; God in the flesh. Jesus Christ kept

the gospel for thirtyseven years, that "For he that receiveth my servants the covenant made with God the he had acquired a library that had receiveth me; Eternal Father and became the Great

cost him over $12,000 (and that was "And he that receiveth me receiveth High Priest after the order of Melwhen money was money; it would cost my Father; chizedek.

DECEMBER 196S 1141 Because he kept the fullness of the liveth, there is none other name given It is difficult for me to express the covenant as a perfect Man, an obediunder heaven save it be this Jesus gratitude I feel for the confidence God ent Son of God, and had the seed of Christ, of whom I have spoken, wherethe Father has placed in us, his chilimmortality within his body, he beby man can be saved."(2 Nephi dren. I am reminded of the words of

came the firstfruits of the resurrection 25:20.) David, who sang:

to live forever with that body of flesh And Peter, when he bore his testi- "What is man, that thou art mindand bones and to sit at the right hand mony, used these words: ful of him? and the son of man, that

of the Father. Through the covenant "This is the stone which was set at thou visitest him?"(Ps. 8:4.)

of baptism, which is called the rebirth, nought of you builders, which is beEvidently God our Father has a we are reborn into the family of God come the head of the corner. higher opinion of us than we often

through those same three elements by "Neither is there salvation in any have of ourselves, for he knows us well which we were born into this world. other: for there is none other name from our previous life. He told the

Adam was told to teach these things under heaven given among men, Prophet Jeremiah:

to his children: whereby we must be saved."(Acts "Before I formed thee in the belly

"That by reason of transgression 4:1112.) I knew thee; and before thou earnest

cometh the fall, which fall bringeth This doctrine is so important in forth out of the womb I sanctified death, and inasmuch as ye were born understanding the deep principles of thee, and I ordained thee a prophet into the world by water, and blood, the gospel that it was repeated again unto the nations."(Jer. 1:5.)

and the spirit, which I have made, and in our generation: Abraham reported:

so became of dust a living soul, even "Behold, Jesus Christ is the name "Now the Lord had shown unto me, so ye must be born again into the which is given of the Father, and there Abraham, the intelligences that were kingdom of heaven, of water, and of is none other name given whereby man organized before the world was; and

the Spirit, and be cleansed by blood, can be saved; among all these there were many of

even the blood of mine Only Begotten; "Wherefore, all men must take upon the noble and great ones;

that ye might be sanctified from all them the name which is given of the "And God saw these souls that they sin, and enjoy the words of eternal Father, for in that name shall they were good and he stood in the midst life in this world, and eternal life in be called at the last day; of them, and he said: These I will

the world to come, even immortal "Wherefore, if they know not the make my rulers; for he stood among

glory; name by which they are called, they those that were spirits, and he saw that

"For by the water ye keep the cannot have place in the kingdom of they were good; and he said unto me:

commandment; by the Spirit ye are my Father."(D&C 18:2325.) Abraham, thou art one of them; thou

justified, and by the blood ye are Now brethren, I have spoken only wast chosen before thou wast born."

sanctified; of the first step along the path of (Abraham 3:2223.)

"Therefore it is given to abide in progression which will yield eventually The Prophet Joseph in speaking you; the record of heaven; the Com- a fullness of the blessings which God about such matters said:

forter; the peaceable things of imthe Father has in store for us if we "Every man who has a calling to

mortal glory; the truth of all things; are willing to pay the price attached minister to the inhabitants of the world

that which quickeneth all things, to those blessings. Let us then go on to was ordained to that very purpose in

which maketh alive all things; that the next step up the ladder of prothe Grand Council of heaven before

which knoweth all things, and hath gression. this world was. I suppose that I was

all power according to wisdom, mercy, A person going on a journey gives a ordained to this very office in the truth, justice, and judgment."(Moses power of attorney to his lawyer so Grand Council."(DHC, 6, 364.)

6:5961.) he can act legally in his name. With I am confident, my brethren, that

Note the perfect comparison, my this power the attorney can act in the God knows the seed of greatness which brethren, of birth into this world with name of his client and perform and he placed within us if we would birth into the family of Jesus Christ. execute his business just as if that only rise to the full stature of our

Thus we take upon ourselves the name person were present to perform and manhood. With that confidence in us

of Jesus Christ and become members execute his business in person. So God and with faith that we would respond

of the royal family. If we hope to our Father, by the laying on of hands to that calling, God has given us not

reach the presence of God the Eternal by those having power to do so, has only the Aaronic, but the Melchizedek

Father in the flesh with these present given us, his trusted covenant sons, Priesthood. The Aaronic Priesthood is

wonderful bodies which shall become priesthood, to speak in his name just limited "... to hold the keys of the

purified and spiritualized to dwell in as if he were here himself in person. ministering of angels, and to administhe presence of God, it can only be This is the Melchizedek Priesthood, or ter in the outward ordinances, the

through Jesus Christ, the Only Be- "the Holy Priesthood, after the Order letter of the gospel...."(D&C

gotten Son in the flesh. Thus, we of the Son of God."(Ibid., 107:3.) 107:20.)

become through Jesus Christ members There are those who might think The Melchizedek Priesthood power of the family of God the Father. God has given this priesthood power is not so limited, being concerned

The Apostle Paul wrote: "That we too widely in our day to men who do with "... the spiritual blessings of the

henceforth be no more children, tossed not appreciate this calling. However, I church

to and fro, and carried about with have faith in God and believe that this "To have the privilege of receiving every wind of doctrine, by the sleight priesthood has been given widely bethe mysteries of the kingdom of of men, and cunning craftiness, wherecause there are so many men now heaven, to have the heavens opened by they lie in wait to deceive; living who earned this right to receive unto them, to commune with the

"But speaking the truth in love, may that power through their faithfulness general assembly and church of the grow up into him in all things, in the spirit world. Now they are given Firstborn, and to enjoy the communion

which is the head, even Christ."(Eph. this power to see if they can be trusted and presence of God the Father, and

4:1415.) with it, to see if they will appreciate Jesus the mediator of the new covThere is no other way, there is no it and magnify it according to the enant."(Ibid., 107:1819.)

other name given whereby we can greatness which is within them. I Thus we catch an understanding of

return into the presence of God the believe this life is a period of testing the responsibility of the Melchizedek

Eternal Father, with a resurrected body such persons to see if they are worthy Priesthood to speak in the name of of flesh and bones. to be further magnified in the kingJesus Christ, just as if he were here in

Nephi said: "... as the Lord God dom or family of God. person. What great responsibility that

1142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA trust puts upon our shoulders! When I do not like to dwell on the negative corruption that is in the world through

we place our hands upon a person's side of our priesthood responsibility, lust.

head in the power of the Melchizedek but I must quote the word of God as "And besides this, giving all diliPriesthood, it is as though the Lord a solemn warning to us who have had gence, add to your faith virtue; and to

were performing that sacred ordinance this priesthood responsibility placed virtue knowledge;

himself. This is what he said to upon our shoulders: "And to knowledge temperance; and

Edward Partridge, referring to the "Hearken and hear, O ye my to temperance patience; and to papower of the priesthood held by Sidney people, saith the Lord and your God, tience godliness;

Rigdon: ye whom I delight to bless with the "And to godliness brotherly kind-

"And I will lay my hand upon you greatest of all blessings, ye that hear ness; and to brotherly kindness charity.

by the hand of my servant Sidney me; and ye that hear me not will I "For if these things be in you, and

Rigdon, and you shall receive my curse, that have professed my name, abound, they make you that ye shall

Spirit, the Holy Ghost, even the Comwith the heaviest of all cursings."neither be barren nor unfruitful in the

forter, which shall teach you the peace- (D&C 41:1.) knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ."

able things of the kingdom."{Ibid., Though it is well to know this, I (2 Pet. 1:3-8. Italics added.)

36:2. Italics added.) would rather dwell upon the promises This is my testimony of the responsiThe elders of this Church have been in the words of Peter spoken directly to bility of the Melchizedek Priesthood.

given sealing power held in fullthe brethren he called "... a chosen It is to be loyal to those who preside

ness by the prophet of the Lord, for generation, a royal priesthood, an holy over us and direct us toward righteous elders are to seal a blessing upon the nation, a peculiar people; that ye endeavors, to become tender and

heads of those who are ill and may should shew forth the praises of him gentle and kind in the use of the rebuke illness and evil spirits according who hath called you out of darkness greatest power God has ever given to to the faith within them. There is no into his marvelous light: man.

limit placed upon the power of that "Which in time past were not a In view of this great responsibility faith. We are told that the faith of people, but are now the people of of the Melchizedek Priesthood, we

Enoch was so great in the use of this God: which had not obtained mercy, might well ask God, "What manner

priesthood "... that he led the people but now have obtained mercy."(1 of men ought we to be?"Let me close

of God, and their enemies came to Pet. 2:9-10. Italics added.) with the words of Jesus:

battle against them; and he spake the As Peter said of Jesus Christ: "And know ye that ye shall be

word of the Lord, and the earth trem- "According as his divine power hath judges of this people, according to the bled, and the mountains fled, even given unto us all things that pertain judgment which I shall give unto you, according to his command; and the unto life and godliness, through the which shall be just. Therefore, what

rivers of water were turned out of their knowledge of him that hath called us manner of men ought ye to be? Verily

course; and the roar of the lions was to glory and virtue; I say unto you, even as I am."(3

heard out of the wilderness; and all "Whereby are given unto us exceedNephi 27:27.)

nations feared greatly, so powerful ing great and precious promises: that I bear my witness of the divinity of

was the word of Enoch, and so great by these ye might be partakers of the this power in the name of Jesus Christ.

was the power of the language which divine nature, having escaped the Amen.

God had given him."(Moses 7:13.)

Now let us get back to our day. The

power to speak the word of God in the name of Jesus Christ has been given to thousands and tens of thousands in great the today. Church That

is to Christ, speak in power Mission Calls and Selective Service of Jesus the name to speak as mature sons of God, enGordon B. Hinckley

it trusted great that so with power is Of the Council of the Twelve limited faith. only has by our God

great faith in us as a people to give I suppose, brethren, that not in a said in the course of that interview us so widely such tremendous power. long while have we had a communicathat it had been a pleasure to work

It is power which can only be used in tion which has brought greater disapwith this Church over the years in righteousness. We cannot use it in pointment than did the First Presithis difficult matter, and particularly so

power if we are not righteous ourdency's letter of September 22nd, in comparison with some other organiselves. Therein lies the great responsiplacing restrictions on the number of zations with whom he had had to deal.

bility of the Melchizedek Priesthood. young men who may be recommended We have come a long way since the

We cannot speak nor act with power for missions. No one feels more condays of the Korean War, when we had

if we do not have a testimony of cerned than I over the thought that such serious misunderstandings. At

Jesus Christ in whose name we are possibly some of our young men who that time under the inspired direction to act. In order to speak in the name of have counted on and dreamed of misof President McKay and under the

God we should be virtuous, not speak sions may not be able to go, at least wise counseling of President Stephen and act harshly toward our wives and in the immediate future. L Richards, his first counselor, we set

children, nor neglect our meetings. We I want to say that what has been about to establish a legal and legislashould keep the Sabbath day holy. done has been done voluntarily. For tive history so that we might know

We should not be greedy and mean in the past fifteen years I have worked where we stood should there develop our business dealings, nor lie to and with draft officials in matters affectsuch a situation as we are faced with cheat our fellowmen. We should be ing our missionary program. From the today.

loyal to the promises which we have national director on down through The repeated findings of the presimade in the temple and follow the state directors and local board memdential appeal boards and the testicounsel given us by the First Presibers, I have found them to be reamony of national Selective Service dency, who speak in the name of the sonable, fair, and disposed to be officials before both the Senate and

Lord. To use the priesthood we should cooperative when they understand our House Armed Services Committees

magnify it by keeping our given word program. Only two weeks ago General leave no doubt concerning the right

according to the oath and covenant of [Lewis B.] Hershey was in Salt Lake of the Church to select, ordain, and

the priesthood. City and met President McKay and send on missions such young men as

DECEMBER I960 1143 we feel to call under our established ferences, antedating by many months indulge in any speculative discussion procedures, and the eligibility of these the increased draft calls, we might on this matter until they have talked young men for ministerial classificareasonably have expected a larger inwith the state Selective Service director tions. On the other hand, we recognize crease. I have said this only to set the or the deputy state director, with whom

that the Selective Service System has record straight, that except for possibly we have spent many hours in meetings.

an obligation under the law to meet an occasional instance there has been Ward and branch quotas will be certain requirements and quotas and no apparent abuse on the part of transferable within the area of the that every young man in the United bishops and stake presidents and no stake under the direction of the stake

States who is a citizen, or who is in the apparent effort on the part of young president, but will not be transferUnited States as an alien under cermen to go on missions to escape the able at this time between the various tain circumstances, has a military oblidraft, as some may have inferred. stakes. No young man who has acgation imposed by the law. I should Why should there be? Under present tually received notice of induction

like to add parenthetically that the regulations a young man may continue should be recommended for a mission.

local draft boards did not write the in school and qualify for deferment. However, notice to report for preinlaw, that we did not write the law, But because tensions were beginning duction physical examination should

and that our young men did not write to build in some communities, as more not be regarded as a notice for inducthe law. Congress wrote the law, and and more young men were ordered tion. It will not be unusual to find a

if you have complaints to make confor induction while other young men young man who even though he has cerning the law, don't blame the were going on missions, Utah Selective been called for a mission is ordered to draft board; more appropriately, you Service officials came to us and rereport for preinduction physical exmight write your congressman. quested our cooperation in setting up a amination. He must take that examinaWe have an obligation to uphold program to provide some restraint and tion; and if there are any conflicting

and sustain the law, as President control on the number of young men dates involved, I think that if you get

Tanner made clear this morning. Local sent on missions, and thus make it in touch with us we can iron out those

draft boards are made up of local possible for local boards to anticipate problems. We do not suggest that you

citizens who perform without rethe number of young men in whose go to boards and hasten examinations muneration what at times must be behalf the Church might request with the thought that some young men for many of them an unpleasant duty. ministerial classifications. This promay be declared IV-F and may be able

They deserve understanding rather gram was designed to permit approxito go without being counted against than recrimination. They do not esmately the same number to go this the quotas.

tablish policies and regulations of their year as went last. We thought their reMen in the following classifications

own. These are determined by national quest to be reasonable and in the best will not be counted against the quotas.

headquarters. I want to emphasize that interests of the Church, the Selective I would like to take just a moment to

we are not the enemy of Selective Service System, and the young men explain these classifications:

Service and that Selective Service is not themselves. The letter of September I-D are men with reserve classificaour enemy. 22nd was the result. tions most of whom have served under

Now as you know, draft calls have We recognize that there has been the socalled six months'program.

increased from about 8,000 in April some serious disappointment. We have Their status may be subject to adjustto 34,600 for November. To meet these been assured that if it becomes apment, depending on what happens

calls, national Selective Service headparent that the program as announced concerning the reserves, and you quarters, through state offices, implaces too tight a restriction and reshould not consider that as a fixed poses quotas on local boards. The sults in injustices, the entire matter situation governing the future.

boards must meet their quotas. If one will be discussed, and if feasible, ad- I-Y are men "given temporary deferyoung man cannot go for one reason justments will be made. ments because of physical handicaps.

or another, then some other young Numerous questions have been raised IV-A are for the most part men who man must go in his place. We should by church officers from other states have served two or more years on active

bear this fact in mind. where the problem is not so acute. We duty.

I have wanted to set forth these have felt that the program should be IV-F are men who are disqualified general principles as a preamble to the same throughout the nation. There for physical or mental reasons. I want

what I wish to say briefly about our is wisdom in consistency and unito say that many men who have IV-F specific problem. formity, and the more nearly we stay classifications can still be effective misAbout 45 percent of our entire fullwith uniform procedures, the stronger sionaries.

time missionary force comes from stakes our position in dealing with problems. V-A are men 26 years of age or over

within the area of Utah. It will be We ask, therefore, that until we have and have no current military obligareadily apparent to all that any aphad opportunity to observe the effects tion.

preciable increase in the number of the announced program over a Young men sent from student wards of young men sent on missions at a period of months, that you follow it will be counted against the quotas of time when draft calls have been inand not attempt negotiation with local their home wards, although there may creased more than 400 percent could officials in your particular cities or be some converts to the Church who quickly result in serious tensions within states. We shall keep close to the mathave a student ward as a home ward.

local communities. These matters are ter and shall be available for consultaChurch builders who are out of their

likely to become emotional issues withtion with you at any time. own wards and Indian students under

out regard to the facts. Parenthetically, Now very quickly, by way of amplithe placement program will be con-

I should like to mention one or two fying and clarifying some points in sidered as are students. No young man

facts. the letter: The effective periods set should be recommended for a mission

Our figures indicate that for comup are periods of six months, one more than thirty days in advance of parable periods we have sent only 4 missionary per ward each six months, his nineteenth birthday, and all recompercent more young men on missions the dates being October 1st to March mendations concerning missionaries during 1965 than we sent during 1964. 31st inclusive, and April 1st to Sepshould give in detail the draft classiThe natural growth of the Church tember 30th. The governing date will fication called for on the recomwould account for that increase. Acbe the date of the letter of call, and if mendation form, and also the name of

tually, with all of the emphasis placed there be any local board members from the ward and the stake whose quota on getting more young men on misthe state of Utah who are listening to will be used by that particular indisions that has been given in stake conthis tonight, I hope that they will not vidual.

1144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now, brethren, we can do several who may not have the opportunity may say that thou art John the Baptist:

things to keep the work going without help others to go. Some years ago a some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or

a serious reduction in results: letter came to the office of the First one of the prophets."(Ibid., 16:14.)

1. We can strengthen our stake misPresidency reading substantially as The Pharisees believed, of course,

sions, which, in terms of hours spent, follows: that the soul is imperishable and the

are far more fruitful in converts than "Dear Brethren: soul of a good person passes into anare our fulltime missions in terms of "All my life I have dreamed of going other body while the soul of the wicked

hours spent. on a mission. I saved my money to that suffers eternal punishment. "He saith

2. We can resolve that each one of end. Then during the Korean War I unto them, But whom say ye that I

us will be a missionary as President was wounded, and I now carry a metal am?"(Ibid., 16:15.) The Master may

McKay has requested from this pulpit. plate in my head. Because of that you have been prompted to ask this ques-

3. Bishops can and should appraise and my doctors have said that I tion because of their surroundings.

the older couples in their wards who should not go on a regular mission. I Caesarea Philippi is near the grotto

might be eligible for missionary serwprk hard all day shoveling sand in and the temples of the Greek god Pan, vice and who can give needed service a brick and tile factory. From my small a center of pagan worship, and he may

under some circumstances. wages I have been able to add to my have wanted his disciples to think

Several bishops have been in during savings account. I have now withdrawn about the contrast between pagan gods

the last few days and have said that our my savings and am sending you hereand the true God. "And Simon Peter

young men have been saving money for with a cashier's check for $1,500. Since answered and said, Thou art the

years to go on missions. What shall I cannot go, please use it to help some Christ, the Son of the living God."

they do? I say keep saving and praying. worthy boy who can. I will share my (Ibid., 16:16.) In answer to this posi-

I think that every priesthood holder in savings with him and hope that he tive testimony of Peter, "... Jesus

the Church ought to pray for peace, will share with me his joy as he answered and said unto him, Blessed and I have the faith that the Lord will labors in the ministry of the Lord."art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and

hear and heed those prayers. I hope that each young man who has blood hath not revealed it unto thee,

We know that wars will come upon been saving will go on saving and but my Father which is in heaven.

the earth. The word of prophecy is praying and preparing for that day "And I say also unto thee, That thou

clear on that. But somehow I feel when every boy who desires to go may art Peter, and upon this rock I will

satisfied that God will hear our prayers go, and that in the meantime we shall build my church; and the gates of hell

and that most of those young men who have the faith to accept this program shall not prevail against it."(Ibid.,

want to go on missions will have the and live with it, in the name of Jesus 16:1718.)

opportunity to go on missions. Some Christ. Amen. This is a very significant statement.

The Lord in effect said to Peter that this knowledge that Jesus was the

Sunday Morning Session, October 3, 1965 Christ did not come to him from mortal men or from the reasoning or learning of men, but by revelation from on high, that is, direct, divine revelation of the divinity of the Master.

Organization of the Church of Christ Inthe answerChrist,"to Jesusthe statementreplied, "."Thou.. thouart

Howard W. Hunter art Peter,"in friendly acknowledghis disciple. of Lord then The Of the Council of the Twelve ment

". I added,.. and this rock upon will

The scholars of ecclesiastical history called to follow after him. Groups of build my church."Upon what rock?

cannot date the time of the commencebelievers sprang up in Jerusalem and Peter? Upon a man? No, not upon a

ment of the Church of Christ. There in many other places. man, upon the rock of revelation, the

is no specific event or any certain ocThis period of time becomes the thing which they were talking about.

currence in the writings of the New focal point of history. We measure He had just said, "... flesh and blood

Testament upon which they can agree time by the years that have preceded hath not revealed it unto thee, but my as being the definite beginning. The Christ and by the years that have come Father which is in heaven."This

Church came into existence over a after him. His life, teachings, death, revelation that Jesus is the Christ is the

period of time in which there were and resurrection in the center of time foundation upon which he would many important events. The groundhave had a profound effect upon all build his Church.

work was laid by a ministry which those who have lived since his ministry There are others who, searching for changed the lives and thinking of those and all those who died prior to his the commencement of the Church of who became the body of Christ. After resurrection. The establishment of his Christ, point to the day the apostles

the commencement of the ministry of Church has blessed all Christendom. were engaged in the devotions of the

Jesus, his followers were many. Mark Some writers, seeking a doctrinal bePentecost. This was only nine days

said, "And immediately his fame spread ginning rather than a specific event after the ascension of the Savior of abroad throughout all the region round for the commencement of the Church the world. The date becomes important

about Galilee."(Mark 1:28.) of Christ, give great weight to the reply because it was on this occasion that the

He went from place to place teachof the Lord when Peter bore his testibaptism by fire and the Holy Ghost ing in the cities and in the synagogues, mony that Jesus was the Christ. It was descended upon the apostles as had

and the people gathered to hear him. on the occasion when they were near been promised by Jesus. They began

They were impressed by his teachings Caesarea Philippi that Jesus asked his to speak in other tongues as the spirit and astonished by his power to heal the disciples, "Whom do men say that I gave them utterance. When the Jews

sick. He taught them as they came to the Son of man am?"(Matt. 16:13.) heard of this, a crowd gathered and

ask questions, and he conversed with It doesn't seem reasonable to suppose Peter, the president of the Twelve, them in small groups along the waythat he didn't know what people stood before them and delivered that side. On many occasions great multithought and were saying about him. great sermon condemning them for the

tudes gathered to hear the one who He was giving his disciples the opporsin of disbelief that the one crucified often called himself the Shepherd. tunity to express their faith and to be by them was the Christ. "Now when

Many believed upon him, and some he strengthened. "And they said, Some they heard this, they were pricked in

DECEMBER 1965 1145 their heart, and said unto Peter and nesses to the divinity of Christ and his and direction from him. He administo the rest of the apostles, Men and death and resurrection. To be such a tered the offerings of the people and

brethren, what shall we do? witness was inherent in the call and the charity to those in need. As the

"Then Peter said unto them, Repent, the ordination of the Twelve. judge he determined the standing of

and be baptized every one of you in the The apostles were not local officers the members of the Church and had name of Jesus Christ for the remission of the Church. Their authority exthe power to excommunicate. In short

of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of tended over the whole Church and to the bishop was the chief priest, pastor, the Holy Ghost."(Acts 2:3738.) all of the world, to the Jews and to the and presiding officer of his church.

Even though this event may be acgentiles. In the same manner that the Modern Christian churches have not

cepted by some as the origin of the apostles were clothed with authority, found it important to have the organiorganized Church, it has deeper meanthey empowered other officers of the zation or officers as existed in the ing. The power of the Holy Ghost deChurch to carry forward the work as it primitive Church as founded by Christ

scended upon the apostles as the Savior grew and spread. Elders were ordained and those he called and ordained for

had promised, bringing to them a in the branches as local officers. The this purpose. This is evidenced by the

dynamic conviction that they were the record is not clear as to when the first fact that the original organization and followers of the Messiah of whom the elders were ordained, but we find officers are lacking in these churches prophets of old had spoken, who had reference to this office in the Jerusalem today. If modern Christian churches

come to earth in fulfillment of these Church at an early date. In the misclaim to follow after the Church estabprophecies, completed his mission, had sionary tours of Paul and Barnabas lished by Christ, it would seem that

been crucified and resurrected as the they ordained elders in the branches they would follow the same organizaSavior of all mankind. they established. Paul makes reference tion. They assert, however, that it is

It might be best said that the Church to his meeting with the elders in Ephenot necessary that there be continuawas founded as the result of the persus as he was traveling to Jerusalem. tion of the organization of the primitive

sonal ministry of Christ and also by the The government of the local branch Church.

testimony of the apostles who made the was in the hands of a body of men This same argument is used with person and divine work of Christ called elders, and they were charged respect to the subject of apostolic sucknown to men. This testimony on with the instruction and the leadership. cession. Those who make this claim

the day of Pentecost touched the The term elder is also used in the say that there cannot be apostles except hearts of those who listened. ApNew Testament in a general way and those chosen by Christ during his

parently all of the apostles preached refers to any ecclesiastical function ministry. This is based on the premise

on that occasion, some in one lansuch as apostles, pastors, bishops, or that an apostle must be a witness of guage and some in another, so that other church officers. In his exhortathe resurrected Savior and because

all understood. They bore witness of tion to the elders of the Church, the there have been no appearances since

the death, resurrection, and ascension Apostle Peter refers to himself as a his ascension, there cannot be such a of Christ; and out of the great multifellow elder. (See 1 Peter 5:1.) witness. This gives rise to the belief

tude which had been taught on that Another step in the organization of that no new apostle could succeed one day, three thousand were baptized. the Church was the selection and call who died. We remember, however,

The earliest account of communal of the seventy who were sent two and that Matthias was called to take the church life in the New Testament detwo as missionaries into the world. place of Judas. The answer of the proscribes those who were baptized on the (Luke 10:1-24.) Mention is also made ponents is that he did not take the

day of Pentecost in these words: "And of the priests of the Levitical order and place of one who died, but rather one

they continued stedfastly in the aposhigh priests after the order of Melwho had forfeited his office because tles'doctrine and fellowship, and in chizedek. (Heb. 5:1-6; 7:11.) Until the he had been unfaithful by betraying

the breaking of bread, and in prayers."time of Christ there appears to have Jesus. A succession is nevertheless ad-

(Ibid., 2:42.) People of a common bebeen no other office in the Levitical mitted. As proof that there was no suclief are drawn together because they Priesthood than that of priest, but in cession on the death of an apostle, the

enjoy a community of interest, and the the writings of Paul he includes the case of James the son of Zebedee is church becomes the center of this life office of teacher. (Eph. 4:11.) cited. The record does not state there

because there is comfort and support in One of the important ministers of was no successor, it is merely silent.

the association of those who share the the early Church was the deacon. The There is some evidence that James the

same understanding. name comes from the Greek verb brother of the Lord may have been

During his lifetime the Master semeaning to minister or to serve. Alordained a successor member of the

lected the apostles, and Mark states, though his duties are not fully set Twelve, because he took a prominent "And he ordained twelve, that they forth, it appears that he was the part in the council at Jerusalem and should be with him, and that he might assistant to the bishop and received was with Peter in the leadership of the send them forth to preach, his assignment of duty from the bishop. apostles. And Paul said of him, "Then

"And have the power to heal sickThe deacons were the ones who reafter three years I went up to Jerusalem nesses, and to cast out devils."(Mark ceived the offerings of the members to see Peter, and abode with him

3:1415.) God the Father had sent his and served to the Church the bread fifteen days.

Son into the world to bring salvation and wine of the consecrated sacrament. "But other of the apostles saw I

to the world. The Son chose apostles, The bishop in the Church of Christ none, save James the Lord's brother."

conferred upon them authority, and was the one who presided over the (Gal. 1:1819.) We have little insaid to them, "Go ye therefore, and local church community. He was the formation concerning the acts of some

teach all nations, baptizing them in chief pastor of the flock. He was orof the apostles, and there are a number

the name of the Father, and of the dained to his office by an apostle in of whom we have no information after

Son, and of the Holy Ghost: the usual manner by prayer and the the time of their calling.

"Teaching them to observe all things laying on of hands. He was responsible Paul was not one of the named

whatsoever I have commanded you: for the preaching and teachings in his Twelve, and the writings of the New

and, lo, I am with you alway, even church, although he could delegate Testament make it clear that he was unto the end of the wrorld."(Matt. many of the functions to others. All not a witness of the Savior prior to his

28:1920.) The atoning sacrifice of things were done under his authority ascension, yet Paul claimed the aposChrist brings redemption from the and direction, and the officers and tleship undoubtedly from his experigrave to all men, but in addition to those holding the lesser priesthood were ence as he journeyed to Damascus.

this it is necessary that there be witsubordinate and took their instruction Paul referred in his writings to a num1146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ber of other persons as apostles who when organized under his direction. just as soon as I can. It's only a few

were not named as the Twelve. BeThe principles embodied in the hundred yards away.""No,"he said, "I

cause the record gives no information gospel of Jesus Christ are everlasting. know this is the end, and I've held on

concerning them, scholars cannot It would logically follow that the as long as possible because I want you ascertain if they were successors or if Church founded upon these eternal to do two things for me, Paul, if you the word "apostle"was used in another and everlasting principles would have would."I said, "You just name it,

sense. In any event, it would be fallathe same organization as that estabHarold."He said, "If you are permitted

cious to argue that because the record lished under his direction, and it would to live through this terrible ordeal, will is silent it must be inferred that there be difficult to show good reason for you somehow get word to my parents was no succession. the necessity of change or improveand tell them how grateful I am for

The last and perhaps the weakest ment. The historical facts themselves their teaching and influence which has

argument of all is that there is no need bear out that there has been a falling enabled me to meet death with secufor apostolic succession because their away, a corruption of the original, an rity and calmness, and this in turn testimony has been preserved for future unauthorized change of church organiwill help sustain them."And I'm

generations by the writings of the New zation in modern churches. happy to report to you I was able to

Testament. This of course violates all I have a personal conviction that fulfill that commitment.

of the rules of evidence because the after the long period of spiritual dark- "Second, Paul,"he said, "if you witnesses'lips have been sealed in ness in the world, the gospel has been ever have the opportunity to talk to death. restored in its fullness through divine the youth of the world, will you tell

There exists today in The Church revelation, and the Church of Christ them for me that it is a sacred priviof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has again been established on earth; lege to lay down my life for the

the organization of the primitive that this restored Church has the same principles that we have been defendChurch of Christ with the same officers organization that existed in the original ing here today."And with that testithat have been mentioned: deacons, Church, including those of apostolic mony on his lips he, like so many

teachers, priests, bishops, elders, sevencalling who do bear witness of the others before, gave his life for the ties, high priests, and apostles. Without divinity of Christ, his death, and resurprinciples of freedom and righteoustaking into consideration revelation rection, and that he is the Son of God. ness.

which reestablishes this organization, To their witness, I humbly add my Well, as we buried Harold along reason alone would dictate that Christ's witness in the name of the Savior of with his comrades, close friends, and

Church should be the same today as the world. Amen. associates, we placed over a cemetery

on Okinawa this inscription, and I think it still stands for all to observe who would, "We gave our todays in order that you might have your tomorrows."

are what the with tomorrows we doing Who Shall Lead Them? I would like to ask this morning, these of thousands from all namen

President Paul H. Dunn tions have given us? It is evident,

Of the First Council of the Seventy looking at the condition of the world today, that we are failing to live up

My brothers and sisters: this is most separated. We were in different holes to their expectations. Perhaps many of

humbling, and I have been deeply about fifty yards apart. It had comthese men would not have been willimpressed, with you, at the inspiring menced to rain about seven that ing to pay this price if they could

messages of this conference and at the evening, and it was a cold night. see the present world situation.

great uplift that we have received this Along about eleven the enemy let go What is needed in the world today morning from President Brown and with a barrage that was almost unis a stabilizing power, something that

Elder Hunter. It is my sincere prayer believable, and for almost two hours will unite people and bring peace, joy,

that I shall not detract from these they harassed our lines with heavy and security. What is this power?

edifying words as I share with you a artillery and mortar fire. Shortly after Well, it has been mentioned so many

few thoughts that I have been thinking midnight one of these shells landed in times this very day and the previous about, particularly since these great the hole of my good friend. I could days. It is the gospel of Jesus Christ

songs were sung to us and words of tell from the sound of the blast that as it influences the family through the counsel given. it was serious. I called to him but home. History proves that a nation is

My mind immediately was called couldn't get an answer, and the type no stronger than the strength of the back to a day about twenty years ago of fighting we did in the Pacific preindividual home. Someone has made

when, as a young soldier participating vented me from crawling over to offer this observation about the strength of in the activity of this country during aid. About an hour later I got a faint homes: "If there is righteousness in

World War II, I found myself on the response indicating life still existed. All the heart, there will be beauty in the

island of Okinawa, somewhere in my that night long, under heavy fire, I character. If there is beauty in the charnineteenth year. In that serious mortal tried to call words of comfort to him, acter, there will be harmony in the

conflict, while trying to do what we and finally as it commenced to get home. If there is harmony in the home,

could to preserve these very freedoms light I crawled to the hole of my there will be order in the nation. When

that have been discussed today, by friend and found that he had almost there is order in the nation, there will chance I fell into the good graces of become submerged in the water from be peace in the world."

another young man who had fine the heavy rain of the night before. I am often privileged in my particuideals and high standards. Almost As I lifted him out on that cold, lar assignment to visit each year with

automatically we got together and muddy bank and laid his head in my hundreds of our youth who leave home shared the experiences of the war tolap, I tried to offer what physical comto attend college, who enter military gether. Frequently we shared the same fort I could under those conditions, service, and those who go on missions

foxhole. One night during the month wiping his brow and face with a handfor The Church of Jesus Christ of

of May, our forces had sustained such kerchief. He was almost limp with Latterday Saints. It is amazing how

heavy casualties that it became necesdeath now. I said, "Harold, you hold free these young people are to talk

sary for my friend and me to be on, and I'll get you to the aid station about their homes and family life. And

DECEMBER 196S 1147 almost without exception I have noare, thinking about them actually dren, speaking of them when thou ticed that as they recall home, those gives me the faith and courage I need sittest in thine house, and when thou of them who are secure and wellright now when I've got so much adwalkest by the way, when thou liest adjusted will invariably mention three justing to do and so many things to down, and when thou risest up.

qualities as being stabilizing forces in accomplish. I seem, to have a new "And thou shalt write them upon

their lives. First, they always mention desire to live up to the things my folks the door posts of thine house, and

love and concern for them by their have been trying to prepare me for all upon thy gates:"(Deut. 11:1920.) In

parents; second, communication and of these years. In some ways, even other words, in all places at all times,

harmony between parent and child; though I miss home, thinking out the Lord has placed the obligation, the

and third, the spiritual level which these things makes me feel better than responsibility upon the moms and characterizes the home. I ever have before. I know I have lots dads of the world to teach their chilIt is interesting to me to note that to do, and I want to do it. And realizdren in righteousness. To a latterday

those who are experiencing more than ing that my family is behind me as prophet the Lord has said: "And again,

their share of problems definitely inthey always have been gives me the inasmuch as parents have children in dicate the absence of one or more of strength I need and didn't know I had. Zion, or in any of her stakes which

these three qualities. Unfortunately, I have seen some out are organized, that teach them not to

Let me share briefly with you a here whose home life has not Been understand the doctrine of repentance, letter, one of many that I receive from like mine, and now I understand betfaith in Christ the Son of the living some of these young people. I think ter the value of the training I've had. God, and of baptism and the gift of

he expresses so well the importance of Thanks for getting me started thinking the Holy Ghost by the laying on of these qualities:—I just hope my parents can know hands, when eight years old, the sin

"Dear Brother Dunn: how much the stability of our home be upon the heads of the parents....

"Since having the chance to visit has meant to me, and how very much "And they shall also teach their with you last month, I've done a lot I love them."children to pray, and to walk upofcussed—thethinking meaningabout theof thingslife, mywe goalsdisof Thereboy comingis no questionfrom this thattype thisof homekind rightly25, 28. Italicsbefore added.)the Lord."(D&G 68:

for the future, my homesickness, and is going to give strength to this or any Now, I have a great testimony of my efforts to adjust to being on my nation. these things. I know, brothers and

own, and I've felt impressed to write Parents, moms and dads, are we sisters, and I include all who hear my and tell you some of these things. equal to the challenge? As we examine voice in that salutation, for we are an

Here I am hundreds of miles away in our lives and homes and look at our eternal family—I have had the inner

a completely new environment, and children, can we be certain that the conviction from the spirit on high. I

I'll admit I've been pretty down in the teaching and training we are giving know that God lives, that Jesus is the dumps at times, plenty homesick and will produce the family unity, the Christ, that David O. McKay, who sits

wondering just what my next step solidarity, the spiritual understanding here and presides over this conference, would be. More than once I'd have that is needed at this time? The Lord is a living prophet. I bear you my

given almost anything to be back at through his prophets today as in ansolemn witness. May we be equal to

that kitchen table with the family, cient times has counseled parents to the challenge and task of opening our finishing off one of Mom's good meals. train and teach their children in the hearts and our minds to accept these

I wouldn't even have minded my folks things that they should do. The revelathings and to lead our children in the

wanting to know where I was going tions in all the scriptures are replete, way they should go, I humbly pray in and when I'd- be home—it used to "And ye shall teach them your chilthe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

really bug me but somehow now I'm glad they worried. I guess what I'm

trying to write is that since being here

I'm actually appreciating home and my folks in a different way than ever before. I'm grateful for the time that

little the aboutthey've taken to worry Calling Youth to The Many Voices ablethings, the talks been we've have about any crazy thing that was President Marion D. Hanks

on my mind, the freedom I felt to go Of the First Council of the Seventy to them with my problems. It seems

like they were always pretty fair about In this conference we have heard reRecently at a church area conference judging me when I made mistakes, too. peated, and to me very impressive, I found interesting application of this

"I especially appreciate both Mom references to the vital importance of sobering challenge. The choir selected

and Dad being so careful about living the home and good loving parents who to sing at the conference rose to perthe principles of the gospel that they impress in that home the ideal of good form that glorious hymn, "Let the believed in and helping us to do the example and sincere concern. Mountains Shout for Joy."Most of you

same. While there were times when I In the few minutes I stand here I will know that in that hymn there is a

resented it, somehow it seems much would like to address my remarks to section where individual voices form a easier now for me to discipline myself, the place of the Church in helping to quartet in a beautiful refrain. The

to stick to what I should do in orgacontribute to the lives of wonderful people who were singing the four nizing my time, thinking, and life. young people from such good homes, parts to the quartet in this instance

"I appreciate, too, the companionand in filling a wellnigh indispensable didn't leave their sections but sang ship we had as a whole family—the role with young people who haven't from their same position. Because three

night each week we got together to had the good fortune to have such of the singers were far from the chair talk about family problems and what homes. where I sat, I heard them indistinctly.

we did about them, the times we went This morning Elder Richard L. To the congregation in front of them I

fishing together, prayed together, the Evans referred to the suggestion of Paul am sure this was a very wellbalanced presentation, but from if the and delightful trumpet "For the Corinthians: the togettogethers with cousins—mostly

it the alto soloist, I sat near shall where sound, give uncertain an who taken for granted I havethings I guess all of my life. Somehow, as ordinary prepare himself to the battle?"(1 Cor. wasn't quite so well balanced, although

as all of these everyday experiences 14:8.) it was very beautiful and very pleasant.

1146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The young lady who sang the alto not knowing how to truly love. themselves reiterated and expressed

part was in her teens. Her voice was Misguided voices urging rebellion personal convictions about the message

strong, her knowledge of the music for rebellion's sake. the voice had delivered to them.

very good, and apparently her capacity Beguiling voices inviting young eyes A beautiful young woman, through for courage was high, because she sang to filth or foulness, young ears to that her tears, thanking God that she now through her part without a qualm, which young ears should not hear. could pray, now could feel warm and

knowing that many of us near her were Foolish voices which suggest that good about him because she had listening primarily to her. since most people seem to be doing it, learned that there is available in this

That incident set me to thinking it therefore becomes all right to do. world reaffirmation and a new witness

about my own and other people's chilCynical voices that propound moral that God lives and that Jesus is the dren, because it illustrated a very sigrelativism, saying that there are no Christ and that the will of God is nificant, simple principle. We hear virtues or principles that you can being communicated to man.

most clearly those voices that are really count on anymore, none that The voice of a wonderful twentynearest to us, and we are inclined to are always applicable everywhere. You yearold girl who had traveled hunbe responsive to those voices. make your own rules in this time and dreds of miles training youth and their

Do you remember what Paul wrote generation. leaders in preparation for a dancing

to the Corinthians after his allusion to Sophisticated voices that skirt the exhibition and then stood there that the uncertain trumpet? These words: edge of truth, telling youth, "It's your night conducting in her modest, gentle,

"There are... so many kinds of voices life, you live it. Never mind what beautiful way, as scores of choice young

in the world,..."(Ibid., 14:10.) parents, honest teachers, earnest adults, people went through the traditional

What are the voices to which our persons who care, have to say about it dances of their nations in a dignified, young people are listening? What do or how they feel about it. You decide; pleasant, and very joyful way. They

they hear in their homes, in the it's your life."danced the modern dances, too, and

streets of their towns and communities? Peer voices, voices that are inexthey were dignified, and the feeling

What do they hear over television and perienced, something imitating what was strong and good.

radio? What is communicatedto them someone called the "imitation men"The voice of a young Scotsman who

in books and magazines and photothey have seen on the street corners. walked more than a hundred miles

graphs? What do they hear when they Aladdin voices singing the same old with two choice associates to get to

mingle with groups of their associates? strain, "New lamps for old."that conference and who stood to

Well, for some the answer will be testify of his joy in the companionship very good because there are many along the way, in the spiritual thoughts wonderful parents whose hearts are they had exchanged before their morntruly moved toward a love for their ing prayer together, in the company young people. There are good teachers he had found at the conference. And

and fine, interested human beings all then he bore his testimony about his over the face of the earth who honestly fa*? \; y. | own immediate future missionary optry to be helpful to youth and to portunities. I sat thinking as he spoke

speak truly and honorably. But for of another voice that had sounded, a

many young people the answers won't time before but in very close proximity, be so affirmative. What voices are they the voice of a boy with, I am sure, less

hearing? Very frequently, commercial than favorable background and maybe

voices. They may be honest voices less than favorable memories, who

from honest commerce seeking the stood before a small congregation and trade of youth. They may be voices in tears said something that constiof conspiring and deceitful men who tutes as great a sermon as I have heard

seek profit at the expense of the future about an important subject. He said,

wellbeing of youth. "The way to be happy is to obey the

There are pagan voices, iconoclastic commandments of God and not try to voices attacking old traditions and funLoud voices, persistent voices, perfix up some of our own."

damentals, arrogantly assuring that the suasive, confusing. The Church of Jesus Christ of

old ideals, the old standards, the old In the midst of all this, where can Latterday Saints recognizes the diffiviewpoints of nobility and honest young people turn to hear a voice that culties that arise in the lives of young effort, all of these are outmoded, no will move them in the direction of people as they listen, often in confulonger applicable, and may be abantheir dreams, their noblest and highest sion, to the strident chorus of voices of doned with old faith, old ways, old and most honorable dreams? those who seek their attention. The

accepted patterns of moral behavior. Do you remember the words of the Church seeks to provide for its youth

Entertaining voices come from ilLord through Isaiah: "And thine ears the direction and leadership and inluminated screens, often in company shall hear a word behind thee, saying, spiration that will help them to travel

with actions which are designed to This is the way, walk ye in it, when ways of integrity and honor and deemphasize that part of our nature that ye turn to the right hand, and when ye cency and responsibility.

needs no emphasis. False voices issue turn to the left"? (Isa. 30:21.) If there were time to testify what we

from parked cars or darkened rooms, Where can young people hear this have heard these young voices repeat sometimes tainted with alcohol or voice? and reflect in their spirit and their

inflamed with drugs, treacherously Just last weekend with some other witness, it would be a very impressive asking, always asking, for selfgratifica- choice associates I had the blessing of manifestation that there is a place to tion. "Don't you love me?"they say. mingling for three days with almost hear the right voice.

"You know I love you."Love they call three thousand wonderful young We met in England with a profesit, but love it is not, and love they Britons, members of this Church who sional journalist who had lived in

do not. True love "seeketh not her had gathered together for a threemany parts of the land. He seemed

own."But these voices constantly sing day festival. I wish all of you might unresponsive emotionally, as he

their song of counterfeit love, always have listened with us as these young watched, and I thought maybe he seeking satisfaction of their own lusts, people, who had found at least a part wasn't responding to these choice never really giving or intending to of an answer to that great question young people. And then he sought

give, or perhaps knowing how to give, about where you go to hear the voice, me out to say, "Mr. Hanks, it has

DECEMBER I960 1149 been nice to hear you and the others, spiritual questions. It offers them a loving soul, and especially every

but the thing I really enjoyed after guide of conduct that will help them Latterday Saint, to help protect, safebeing in the Brighton riots and living to live with meaningfulness and joy in guard, and strengthen the Lord's base in Asia and South America and elsethis world, and it offers them this of operations, because it is from this where is to watch these young people. sacred personal commitment we call base that the glorious saving principles

They are different from any other testimony that allows them to say "I of the eternal gospel are going and will group I ever saw."know God lives."continue to go forth to the world to

The Church offers to its youth I echo that testimony, in the name bless all of our Father's children and answers to some of their serious, sacred, of Jesus Christ. Amen. to provide a true basis for peace. There

is no other way.

Yes, I love America, but it is about something else, closely related, that

I now testify.

inspiration divine of a mission and America—A Man and an Event Today I desire to bear witness to the character the reality truly noble and

Ezra Taft Benson of the greatest event of the past nineOf the Council of the Twelve teen centuries. The setting for both is

here in the United States.

My brothers and sisters, seen and their standard of living. In their hearts Some thirty years ago the wellunseen, humbly and gratefully I they want to do what's right. known Macmillan Company published

approach this sacred responsibility. But with this love of our Father's a most significant book. On the flyleaf

First may I endorse with all my children, I love America in a special of this 400page volume appeared a heart the masterful keynote discourse way. The United States is not just anstatement essentially as follows:

of our beloved prophet, President other nation—not just one of the "Here is a man who was born in the

David O. McKay, delivered Friday, enfamily of nations. This nation was stark hills of Vermont; who was reared

titled "Man's Free Agency—an Eternal intended to be a beacon to libertyin the backwoods of New York; who

Principle of Progress."As he closed his loving people everywhere. This is a never looked inside a college or high

prophetic warning, he said, "Pernicious choice land, for the Lord Jesus Christ school; who lived in six States, no one

efforts and sinister schemes are cunthe God of this land—has so declared of which would own him during his

ningly and stealthily being fostered to through his prophets. This is a land lifetime;... who, even when he had

deprive man of his individual freewith a prophetic history which was his freedom, was hounded like a fugidom."held, as it were, in the hollow of God's tive; who was covered once with a coat

Once again the prophet has warned hand to perform its great mission for of tar and feathers, and left for dead;

us about our loss of freedom and has the blessing of all peoples. who, with his following, was driven

left us without excuse. God grant we The Lord raised up the Founding by irate neighbors from New York to

may be wise enough to heed his Fathers. He it was who established the Ohio, from Ohio to Missouri, and from

counsel. Let us become alerted and inConstitution of this land—the greatest Missouri to Illinois; and who, at the

formed regarding the insidious infludocument of freedom ever written. unripe age of thirtyeight, was shot to

ence abroad in this and other lands This Godinspired Constitution is not death by a mob with painted faces.

which would rob us of all we hold outmoded. It is not an outdated "Yet this man became mayor of the

dear. "agrarian document"as some of our biggest town in Illinois and the state's

It is good to be home—to stay, insowould-be statesmen, socialists, and most prominent citizen,... the founder

determine—afterfar as a member nearlyof the Twelvetwo yearscan spiracyfellow travelerswould haveof usthebelieve.godlessIt conwas ofaspiredcities to andbecomeof a Presidentuniversity,of andthe

abroad. the Lord God who established the United States.

I bring you the love and greetings foundation of this nation; and woe be "He wrote a book which has baffled

of tens of thousands of faithful memunto those—members of the Supreme the literary critics for [more than] abers and friends of the Church in Court and others—who would weaken hundred [and thirty] years and which

Europe. this foundation. is today more widely read than any

I love America—my country—and so I am sorry to say that I am saddened other volume save the Bible. On the

it is a joy to be home, but I love all of and sick at heart at what I see, at what threshold of an organizing age he our father's children everywhere. I has happened in the past few years established the most nearly perfect

have seen them on both sides of the and is happening today in my beloved social mechanism in the modern world, iron curtain, in fortyfive nations in country. But that is a subject for anand developed a religious philosophy

the last few years. Nineteen years ago other time. that challenges anything of its kind

I saw millions of them in Europe, It was. the Lord who created an in history, for completeness and cohungry and cold as a result of the atmosphere of freedom here in America hesion. And he set up the machinery

hell of war. I have been with them so that his Church could be restored for an economic system that would

in bombedout buildings, on their in its fullness for the blessing of all take the brood of Fears out of the heart little farms, in their shops, in their mankind. Here in these United States of man—the fear of want through

homes. They are our Father's children, the Lord has established his base of sickness, old age, unemployment, and

my brothers and sisters. I have a deep operations in these last days. He sepoverty.

love for them. lected America. That is why I love "In [fiftythree] nations are men

Some of them have lost their freethe United States of America in a and women who look upon him as a dom and are living in bondage under special manner. Every true Latterday greater leader than Moses and a greater

godless leaders. But there is a spark Saint should love America. prophet than Isaiah; his disciples now

of divinity in all of them. Generally No, the Lord's base of operations number [over two] million; and alspeaking they love the Lord. And our was not established by the General ready a granite shaft pierces the sky

Father in heaven loves them. They Authorities of the restored Church. over the place where he was born, and

want to live in freedom and peace. The Lord himself prepared the way another over the place where he...

They want to be good neighbors. Many through the centuries. He established received the inspiration for his Book."

are confused, but they love their homes his base of operations here in America, (John Henry Evans.)

and families. They want to improve and it is the duty of every libertyThis book from which I have quoted

i tso THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is titled Joseph Smith, an American great in the eyes of God and his people-; million members of the Church

Prophet. I testify to you that Joseph and like most of the Lord's anointed in throughout the free world are bearing

Smith was and is a prophet of God ancient times, has sealed his mission witness of this important fact.

one of the truly great prophets of all and his works with his own blood; and Mormonism has been before the

time. This I know and bear witness to so has his brother Hyrum. In life they world for 135 years. It has met mob

all the world. were not divided, and in death they violence, persecution, drivings, and

Joseph Smith the Prophet went were not separated! deception by wicked men, and prejuwillingly to his death. He sealed his "... their innocent blood on the dice and misunderstandings by many

testimony with his life—his own blood. floor of Carthage jail is a broad seal people throughout the world. Yet, in

On that fateful day, 120 years ago in affixed to 'Mormonism'that cannot spite of widespread opposition, ambasNauvoo, Illinois, as he looked back be rejected by any court on earth, and sadors of truth have carried from the upon his city and people whom he their innocent blood... is a witness very beginning and are today carrying

loved, on his way to Carthage Jail and to the truth of the everlasting gospel to the world the allimportant message his martyrdom, he declared: that all the world cannot impeacb; and of the restored Church.

"This is the loveliest place and the... is an ambassador for the religion Paraphrasing the words of Apostle

best people under the heavens; little of Jesus Christ, that will touch the Paul: This thing has not been done in

do they know the trials that await hearts of honest men among all na- a corner. (Acts 26:26.)

them."(DHC, 6, 554.) tions...."(D&C 135:1, 3, 7.) The world has generally revered the

Later the Prophet said feelingly, but Yes, Joseph Smith, the latterday ancient prophets dead and rejected the calmly and courageously: Prophet, was an instrument in the living ones. It was so with Joseph

"I am going like a lamb to the hands of the Lord in opening a new Smith. Truth is often on the scaffold

slaughter, but I am as calm as a sumgospel dispensation—the last and error on the throne. But time is on the

mer's morning. I have a conscience greatest of all gospel dispensations. side of truth, for truth is eternal.

void of offense toward God and toward He witnessed and participated in The message of Mormonism is a all men. If they take my life I shall the greatest event that has transpired world message. It is the truth. The

die an innocent man, and my blood in this world since the resurrection of Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday shall cry from the ground for venthe Master. Saints is a world organization.

geance, and it shall be said of me, 'He Here is a partial description, in his In the early days of the restored was murdered in cold blood!'"(Ibid., own words, of that great and allChurch, the Lord, in a revelation to

6, 555.) important event: Joseph Smith, addressing all of his

Following his martyrdom his sad- "After I had retired to the place children, both in and out of the redened and devoted followers who rewhere I had previously designed to go, stored Church, said this:

vered him as a prophet of God issued having looked around me, and finding "Hearken, O ye people of my church, to the world a statement which appears myself alone, I kneeled down and saith the voice of him who dwells on in a sacred volume of scripture, the began to offer up the desire of my high, and whose eyes are upon all

Doctrine and Covenants, and which heart to God. I had scarcely done so, men; yea, verily I say: Hearken ye

reads in part as follows: when immediately I was seized upon people from afar; and ye that are

"To seal the testimony of this book by some power which entirely overupon the islands of the sea, listen toand the Book of Mormon, we ancame me, and had such an astonishgether.

nounce the martyrdom of Joseph Smith ing influence over me as to bind my "For verily the voice of the Lord the Prophet, and Hyrum Smith the tongue so that I could not speak. Thick is unto all men, and there is none to

Patriarch. They were shot in Carthage darkness gathered around me, and it escape; and there is no eye that shall

jail, on the 27th of June, 1844, about seemed to me for a time as if I were not see, neither ear that shall not five o'clock p.m., by an armed mob doomed to sudden destruction. hear, neither heart that shall not he

painted black—of from 150 to 200 "But, exerting all my powers to call penetrated....

persons. Hyrum was shot first and fell upon God to deliver me out of the "And the voice of warning shall be

calmly, exclaiming: / am a dead man! power of this enemy which had seized unto all people, by the mouths of my

Joseph leaped from the window, and upon me, and at the very moment disciples, whom I have chosen in these was shot dead in the attempt, exwhen I was ready to sink into despair last days.

claiming: O Lord my God! They were and abandon myself to destruction "And they shall go forth and none

both shot after they were dead, in a... just at this moment of great alarm, shall stay them, for I the Lord have

brutal manner, and both received four I saw a pillar of light exactly over my commanded them.

balls head, above the brightness of the sun, "Behold this is mine authority, and "Joseph Smith, the Prophet and Seer which descended gradually until it the authority of my servants, and my of the Lord, has done more, save Jesus fell upon me. preface unto the book of my comonly, for the salvation of men in this "It no sooner appeared than I found mandments, which I have given them

world, than any... man that ever myself delivered from the enemy to publish unto you, O inhabitants of

lived in it. In the short space of twenty which held me bound. When the light the earth....

years, he has brought forth the Book rested upon me I saw two Personages, "Wherefore the voice of the Lord of Mormon, which he translated by whose brightness and glory defy all is unto the ends of the earth, that all the gift and power of God, and has description, standing above me in the that will hear may hear:...

been the means of publishing it on two air. One of them spake unto me, call- "Wherefore, I the Lord, knowing

continents; has sent the fulness of the ing me by name and said, pointing to the calamity which should come upon

everlasting gospel, which it contained, the other This is My Beloved Son. the inhabitants of the earth, called

to the four quarters of the earth; has Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:1517.) upon my servant Joseph Smith, Jun.,

brought forth the revelations and comThis glorious vision of God the and spake unto him from heaven, and mandments which compose this book Father and his Son Jesus Christ, in gave him commandments;...

of Doctrine and Covenants, and many broad daylight, in the spring of 1820, "And also those to whom these comother wise documents and instructions is the greatest event that has transpired mandments were given, might have for the benefit of the children of men; in this world since the resurrection of power to lay the foundation of this

gathered many thousands of the Latterour Lord. church, and to bring it forth out of

day Saints, founded a great city, and Joseph Smith, who witnessed it, was obscurity and out of darkness, the left a fame and name that cannot be and is a prophet of God. Today some only true and living church upon the

slain. He lived great, and he died 12,000 missionaries and more than two face of the whole earth, with which I,

DECEMBER 1965 1151 the Lord, am well pleased, speaking and is intended to bless all of our say: "... we think we are secure here

unto the church collectively and not Father's children. in the chambers of the everlasting hills,

individually—"(D&C 1:1-2, 4-6, 11, These things I know and bear witwhere we can close those few doors of

17, 30.) ness in humility and gratitude. the canyons against mobs and persecuThese are the words of Jesus Christ God lives, Jesus is the Christ, the tors, the wicked and the vile, who have

to his prophet and all the world. Redeemer of the world, with his latteralways beset us with violence and

The message of Joseph Smith—the day base of operations here in America, robbery, but I want to say to you, my

message of The Church of Jesus Christ and Joseph Smith was and is a prophet brethren, the time is coming when we of Latterday Saints—the message of of the living God, as is our beloved will be mixed up in these now peacefulMormonism—is the most important presentday leader, David O. McKay. valleys to that extent that it will be

world message. This is my witness and testimony to difficult to tell the face of a Saint

—theThe trueChurchChurchis a ofworldJesusorganizationChrist retude,all thein worldthe namein humilityof the Lordand gratiJesus peoplefrom theof God.face ofThen,an enemybrethren,to lookthe

stored to the earth in its fullness Christ. Amen. out for the great sieve, for there will

be a great sifting time, and many will

Sunday Afternoon Session, October 3, 1965 fall; for I say unto you there is a test,

a test, a TEST coming, and who will be able to stand?...

said he, imagine,""that you [the stood Prophet Watch! Be Ye Therefore Ready would"You have by

Harold B. Lee Joseph Smith] when persecution raged

Of the Council of the Twelve and he was assailed by foes within and without. You would have defended him

I should like to take as something of The Prophet Joseph Smith made this and been true to him in the midst of a text for my few remarks some words statement: "From apostates the faithevery trial. You think you would have

that were given in a revelation to the ful have received the severest been delighted to have shown your

Church when it was in the midst of persecutions. Judas was rebuked and integrity in the days of mobs and

some of the most severe trials and perimmediately betrayed his Lord into traitors.

secutions which the Church has enthe hands of His enemies, because "Let me say to you, that many of dured in this dispensation: Satan entered into him. There is a you will see the time when you will

"For verily I say unto you, blessed superior intelligence bestowed upon have all the trouble, trial and persecuis he that keepeth my commandments, such as obey the Gospel with full tion that you can stand, and plenty of whether in life or in death; and he purpose of heart, which, if sinned opportunities to show that you are

that is faithful in tribulation, the reagainst, the apostate is left naked and true to God and his work. This Church

ward of the same is greater in the destitute of the Spirit of God, and he has before it many close places through kingdom of heaven. is, in truth, nigh unto cursing, and which it will have to pass before the

"Ye cannot behold with your natural his end is to be burned. When once work of God is crowned with victory.

eyes, for the present time, the design that light which was in them is taken To meet the difficulties that are comof your God concerning those things from them, they become as much ing, it will be necessary for you to have which shall come hereafter, and the darkened as they were previously en- a knowledge of the truth of this work glory which shall follow after much lightened, and then, no marvel, if all for yourselves. The difficulties will be

tribulation. their power should be enlisted against of such a character that the man or

"For after much tribulation come the the truth, and they, Judas like, woman who does not possess this perblessings. Wherefore the day cometh seek the destruction of those who were sonal knowledge or witness will fall.

that ye shall be crowned with much their greatest benefactors."(Teachings If you have not got the testimony, live

glory; the hour is not yet, but is nigh of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 67.) right and call upon the Lord and cease

at hand. The Master apparently had the same not till you obtain it. If you do not

"Remember this, which I tell you thought in mind when he said someyou will not stand.

before, that you may lay it to heart, thing that must have been startling "Remember these sayings, for many and receive that which is to follow. and sobering in his day: "Think not of you will live to see them fulfilled.

"Behold, verily I say unto you, for that I am come to send peace...:"he The time will come when no man nor

this cause I have sent you—that you said, "I came not to send peace, but woman will be able to endure on

might be obedient, and that your hearts a sword. borrowed light. Each will have to be

might be prepared to bear testimony of "For I am come to set a man guided by the light within himself. If

the things which are to come; at variance against his father, and the you do not have it, how can you

"And also that you might be honored daughter against her mother, and the stand?"(Life of Heber C. Kimball, pp.

in laying the foundation and in beardaughter in law against her mother in 446, 449450.) ing record of the land upon which the law. The Lord said something in our day

Zion of God shall stand;"(D&C "And a man's foes shall be they of which explains why many fail and are

58:2-7.) his own household."(Matt. 10:3436.) not chosen. He asked the question,

So frequently is heard the expression His coming as the Son of God "... why are they not chosen?"(D&C

when frightening incidents and proseemed to have intensified the hatred 121:34.) We see those who fail in

posals seem to threaten the very founof the forces of evil. So powerful was church life as well as we see it in

dations of the Church and the nation, Satan that the Master, you recall, spoke public life. Sometimes we have elected

"The devil is surely on the loose."of him as the prince of this world. men to public office whom we thought

Time will permit only a few illustraSaid he, "... the prince of this world were faithful to church standards only

tions as to how we may be guided cometh, and hath nothing in me."to have them betray us and virtually

when such experiences come in our (John 14:30.) sell their souls for temporary political

day to us as individuals. President Heber C. Kimball, shortly advantage.

Well might we expect, as in the past after the Saints had arrived here in the Likewise in the Church, men who dispensations, that our worst enemies mountains—and some, I suppose, were have been elevated to high positions

will be those within our ranks who will somewhat gloating over the fact that have betrayed us, and some have wonbetray us. Why should those within they had triumphed for a temporary dered why others have not been called

our ranks be our worst enemies? period over their enemies—had this to to fill certain positions. The Lord tells

1 152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA us why men fail. He said, "Because Now, again, the Lord has warned young student who found Christianity

their hearts are set so much upon the us of those who fight against Zion or inadequate and decided to found his things of this world, and [they] aspire who betray their sacred trust as holders own new and better religion. He asked

to the honors of men,..."(Ibid., of the priesthood. We would do well to a wise old theologian for advice on

121:35.) remember what the Lord has promised how to get started. The old scholar,

And I submit that it is the same now to this people. The Lord declared, with a twinkle in his eye, said, "I sugas it has been in every dispensation of "How long can rolling waters remain gest that you arrange to get yourself

the Church. Men fail to measure up to impure? What power shall stay the crucified, and then rise from the dead

their highest possibilities because they heavens? As well might man stretch on the third day.'—Your primary role

seek after worldly things and they forth his puny arm to stop the Missouri as students here is to learn, not to aspire to the honors of men. river in its decreed course, or to turn teach. Students who think otherwise

In the days of Abraham Lincoln, a it up stream, as to hinder the Almighty should go out, found their own unigreat preacher by the name of Wendell from pouring down knowledge from versities and then take lessons from

Phillips said something that we could heaven upon the heads of the Lattertheir students."(President of Uniwell remember: "How prudently,"he day Saints."(D&C 121:33.) versity of Notre Dame, April 8, 1963.)

said, "most men creep into nameless And again the Lord said, "Where- I think it would be well if our young graves, while now and then one or two fore,"speaking of our enemies, "let students would listen to the wisdom forget themselves into immortality!"them bring forth their strong reasons of this university president.

Lincoln—Man(Cited in John Wesleyof God, Hill,p. 146.)Abraham.He against"Verily,the thusLord. saith the Lord unto forThesafetyfoundationagainst adversityon whichandto stormsbuild

who would be great must remember you [the Saints]—there is no weapon is suggested in the answer of a little

what this wise man has said. that is formed against you shall prosmother to a sister who had inquired

I read recently in a national publicaper; about the rumored riots and troubles

tion about what a worried father said "And if any man lift his voice being fomented in our midst. This

to his overambitious son, who was against you he shall be confounded in little mother said, "I'm so busy taking trying to push aside the man over him mine own due time."(Ibid., 71:8-10.) care of little riots and problems in my

in seniority. He was fretting because It was in the midst of great persecuown home that I have my hands full

his boss was not getting out of the way tion when the Prophet Joseph Smith without being bothered about these for these younger men who were overly received great comfort. "My son,"the other rumors."So often in our day

ambitious. This worried father said to Lord said, "peace be unto thy soul; we are prone to be more concerned in

his son: "I remember reading somethine adversity and thine afflictions brush fires abroad than about the

where, my boy, that there are no shall be but a small moment; problems in our own homes. The

honors too distant to the man who "And then, if thou endure it well, Master as he closed the great Sermon prepares himself for them with paGod shall exalt thee on high; thou on the Mount gave us a parable.

tience."shalt triumph over all thy foes."(Ibid., "Therefore whosoever heareth these

Wouldn't it be wonderful if it could 121:7-8.) sayings of mine, and doeth them, I

be said of our leaders in public office Beware of those who fight against will liken him unto a wise man, which as it was said of Abraham Lincoln: the Saints! The Prophet Joseph Smith built his house upon a rock:

"When he spoke for the nation he so made this further statement: "And I "And the rain descended, and the

loved, his lips were as though touched would now say, Beware O earth, how floods came, and the winds blew, and with a live coal from the altar. He you fight against the Saints of God beat upon that house; and it fell not:

seemed to be of the same fibre with the and shed innocent blood; for in the for it was founded upon a rock.

prophets of Holy Writ and it may be days of Elijah, his enemies came upon "And every one that heareth these said, without irreverence, that he was a him and fire was called down from sayings of mine, and doeth them not, 'priest after the order of Melchisedec, heaven and destroyed them."(Teachshall be likened unto a foolish man,

without beginning or end of days,'ings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. which built his house upon the sand:

combining the kingly and priestly 340.) "And the rain descended, and the

functions essential to the service of his There are those among us who floods came, and the winds blew, and

Nation and his time."(Hill, op. cit., would set themselves up as critics of beat upon that house; and it fell:

p. 306.) the Church, saying that the Church and great was the fall of it.

Farsighted men in the early years has gone out of the way. Some splin- "And it came to pass, when Jesus had

of this nation foresaw dangers about tered apostate clans even from the beended these sayings, the people were which they warned us. You will readily ginning of this dispensation have made astonished at his doctrine:

see these dangers all too apparent fictitious claims to authority. We "For he taught them as one having

among us today. This is a quotation should warn these, as well as those authority, and not as the scribes."

again from President Abraham Linwho are in danger of being led astray, (Matt. 7:2428.)

coln: of what the Prophet predicted. He said, It was Mark Twain who told us

"Is it unreasonable, then, to expect "That man who rises up to condemn that everyone must expect to have that some man, possessed of the loftiest others, finding fault with the Church, personal trials and personal tragedies.

genius, coupled with ambition suffisaying they are out of the way, while He wrote this after the tragic death cient to push it to its utmost stretch, he himself is righteous, then know of his twentyfive-yearold daughter will at some time spring up amongst assuredly that that man is [on the Suzy. He said, "Suzy died at the best

us, and when such an one does, it will way] to apostasy; and if he does not time of life, age 25. She had lived her

require the people to be united with repent, [he] will apostatize, as God golden years. For after that there come

each other, attached to the governlives."(Ibid., pp. 156157.) the risks, the responsibilities, and the

ment and the laws, and generally inMuch has been said in the sessions inevitable tragedies of life."The

telligent, successfully to frustrate his of this conference about the recklessMaster's parable gives us the key to design."(Cited ibid., p. 74.) ness and restlessness among college avoid disaster when these trials come.

"Towering genius disdains a beaten students. The president of one of our Many times I personally have wonpath. It seeks regions heretofore ungreat universities wrote a letter to his dered at the Master's cry of anguish

explored.... It thirsts... for distincstudents after a year of much disconin the Garden of Gethsemane. "And he

tion, and if possible it will have it, tent on the university campus. Said went a little farther, and fell on his

whether at the expense of emancipating this university president: "I have often face, and prayed, saying, O my Father,

slaves or enslaving freemen."(Idem.) been reminded this past winter of the if it be possible, let this cup pass from

DECEMBER 1965 1153 me: nevertheless not as I will, but as and the Lord has given us two or three fied himself as far as keeping the carthou wilt."(Matt. 26:39.) warning words to remember: nal commandments was concerned.

As I advance in years, I begin to "... I say unto all rnen; watch, There was no serious transgression, but understand in some small measure how therefore, for you know not at what it was the followthrough—"if thou

the Master must have felt. In the lonehour your Lord doth come.... wilt be perfect"—that was the stumliness of a distant hotel room 2,500 "Therefore be ye also ready, for in bling block. The requirement to use

miles away, you, too, may one day cry such an hour as ye think not, the Son his worldly goods to benefit others out from the depths of your soul as of Man cometh,"(Joseph Smith 1:46, proved to be his great test, a test that

was my experience: "O dear God, don't 48.) made him sad, as it does many today.

let her die! I need her; her family "But my disciples shall stand in holy Immediately following this episode

needs her."places, and shall not be moved; but the Savior addressed his disciples and

Neither the Master's prayer nor my among the wicked, men shall lift up said: "Verily I say unto you, That a

prayer was answered. The purpose of their voices and curse God and die."rich man shall hardly enter into the

that personal suffering may be only (D&C 45:32.) kingdom of heaven."Even his disciples

explained in what the Lord said "... and he that watches not for seemed taken aback by this statement,

through the Apostle Paul: me shall be cut off."(Ibid., 45:44.) for they asked: "Who then can be

"Though he were a Son, yet learned These are words to be remembered. saved?"Jesus answered them: "With

he obedience by the things which he Watch! Be ye therefore ready! Stand men this is impossible; but with God

suffered; in holy places and be not moved! Be all things are possible."(Ibid., 19:23,

"And being made perfect, he became still and know that I am God! 2526.)

the author of eternal salvation unto all I bear witness that until a person has Here then is the key—by the power

them that obey him;"(Heb. 5:8-9.) been willing to sacrifice all he possesof our Father in heaven man is saved.

So it is in our day. God grant that ses in the world, not even withholding And this power of God is exercised

you and I may learn obedience to his own life if it were necessary for through the action of his laws. His

God's will, if necessary by the things the upbuilding of the kingdom, then laws are given for the benefit of his which we suffer. One of the things that only can he claim kinship to Him who children—to help them properly take

characterizes us as Saints, as King gave his life that men might be. God command of their lives concerning

Benjamin told us, was to be "submake us worthy, willing to accept worldly goods.

missive, meek, humble, patient, full whatever he sees fit to inflict upon us, Christ taught: "... seek not ye

of love, willing to submit to all things as a little child to its father. what ye shall eat, or what ye shall

which the Lord seeth fit to inflict I bear you my solemn witness as to drink, neither be ye of doubtful mind.

upon him, even as a child doth submit the divine mission of the Lord and to "For all these things do the nations to his father."(Mosiah 3:19.) the responsibility we must bear as his of the world seek after: and your

There have been signs that have Church and his people and his priestFather knoweth that ye have need of been given by which we shall know hood, in the name of the Lord Jesus these things.

when the coming of the Lord shall be; Christ. Amen. "But rather seek ye the kingdom of

God; and all these things shall be

added unto you."(Luke 12:2931.)

There are many men who can testify to this truth.

things of in of the world themand Who Then Can Be Saved? Neither wealth nor the material selves are evil; it is the love of possessBishop John H. Vandenberg ing them above all else that is evil.

Lord revealed to the Prophet The Presiding Bishop

Smith: "... that Joseph which comIt has been said: "The great [ques- "He saith unto him, Which? Jesus eth of the earth is ordained for the

tion] of the twentieth century is. 'How said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou use of man for food and for raiment,

can I acquire wealth?'No question shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt and that he might have in abundance.

occupies a larger place in the minds not steal, Thou shalt not bear false "But it is not given that one man and... hearts of... people today witness, should possess that which is above

than this. Millions... in our land "Honour thy father and thy mothanother, wherefore the world lieth

worship at the shrine of mammon. er: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour in sin."(D&C 49:1920. Italics added.)

The twentieth century is money mad. as thyself. Many of the problems of society

This is true of men in every station "The young man saith unto him, develop because of man's vain amand in every walk of life."(Morris All these things have I kept from my bition to get gain and power "above

Chalfant, "The Sin of the Church,"youth up: what lack I yet? another."Such desires follow the

Wesleyan Methodist.) "Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt natural course in the heart of man.

Avarice and selfishness mastermind be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, "... the natural man,"said King

all sin and crime. The Lord has reand give to the poor, and thou shalt Benjamin, "is an enemy to God...."

peatedly warned against the disastrous have treasure in heaven: and come (Mosiah 3:19.) One should cultivate

consequence to the soul of one havand follow me. thoughts of love for God and fellowing his heart so set upon the things "But when the young man heard men and strive to serve one another.

of this world as to neglect the real that saying, he went away sorrowful: "When Matthias Baldwin, who built

purpose and meaning of life. for he had great possessions."(Matt. the first American locomotive, had

For instance, a certain young man 19:1622.) made good and had accumulated a formade this inquiry of the Savior: "Good Jesus touches upon a subject here tune, he was wont to distribute liberal

Master, what good thing shall I do, which is essential to a successful and gifts freely among those -who had that I may have eternal life? happy life. Had the young man been been less prosperous than he. So gen-

"And he said unto him, Why callable to follow the Savior's counsel, erous, indeed, was he that when he est thou me good? there is none good he no doubt would have experienced had not the cash by him he would give

but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt great joy; certainly he would not have personal notes instead. 'Nobody hesienter into life, keep the commandgone away sorrowful. It is interesting tates to sign promises to pay in the

ments. to note that the young man had qualifuture in order to get capital for busi1154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ness,'he would say. 'Are we to trust that separates man more and more the law.

the Lord to take care of our affairs, from God. Then when some desperPresident Brigham Young once said:

and not His own?'Sometimes, it is ate crisis brings this realization, the "The law of tithing is an eternal law.

said, this practice would get Mr. Baldchange appears almost a miracle. The Lord Almighty never had his.

win into small difficulties; but on the "But that miracle is ever within a Kingdom on the earth without the

other hand it often helped him when hand's reach of all of us. That is the law of tithing being in the midst of

he needed business notes for himself. wonderful thing about it. We have his people, and he never will. It is an

Said one bank president to another, only to reach out and touch God, to eternal law that God has instituted once, 'You refuse to help him because take His hand and ask Him to lead for the benefit of the human family, he does not know what to do with his us."(Deseret News, September 16, for their salvation and exaltation."

money. We will stand by him because 1965, p. A9.) (Discourses of Brigham Young, 1943

he is determined to do good with his America as a whole is today economied., p. 177.)

money. His collaterals are God's promcally prosperous; and unless we turn In 1831 the Lord, in a revelation

ises.'"(Osborne J. P. Widtsoe, What to God, grave consequences may result. through the Prophet Joseph Smith,

Jesus Taught, p. 175.) Members of the Church are taken up said: "And if ye seek the riches which

Mr. Baldwin may have been acin this surge of prosperity, and we it is the will of the Father to give unto

quainted with Paul's admonition to should be alert to the words of Paul: you, ye shall be the richest of all

Timothy: "Charge them that are rich "But they that will be rich fall into people for ye shall have the riches of

in this world, that they be not hightemptation and a snare, and into many eternity; and it must needs be that the

minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown riches of the earth are mine to give;

but in the living God, who giveth us men in destruction and perdition. but beware of pride, lest ye become as

richly all things to enjoy; "For the love of money is the root the Nephites of old."(D&C 38:39.)

"That they do good, that they be of all evil: which while some coveted You will recall the Nephite nation was

rich in good works, ready to distribute, after, they have erred from the faith, destroyed because the people sought to willing to communicate; and pierced themselves through with gratify their own pride and vain am-

"Laying up in store for themselves many sorrows."(1 Tim. 6:9-10.) bitions. They were unable to resist the

a good foundation against the time to Avarice and selfishness seem to be appeal of wealth and the things it come, that they may lay hold on eterthe greatest sin and lead to many could buy, loving power and gain more nal life."(1 Tim. 6:1719.) than God.

Mr. Baldwin personally said, "I feel President McKay has counseled:

more thankful for the disposition to "Tithing should not be given with a give largely than for the ability to give selfish end in view. A man who pays

largely; for I know that immense tithing just to keep his name on the

wealth can be acquired a great deal record will receive his reward, of easier than the heart to use it well. course; he will have his name on the

My money without a new heart would record. 'Verily, he hath his reward,'

have been a curse to me."(Widtsoe, as the man who prayed to be seen

op. cit., p. 180.) and heard of men. But he who gives

A few days ago the Deseret News because he loves to help others and carried an article about Mr. J. C. to further the cause of righteousness,

Penney. In part it said: "One night, for who gives cheerfully with thanksexample, at age 56, I [Mr. Penney] giving in his heart, also has his rewas broke, discouraged, ill in a saniward; for in giving he is really obtaintarium in Battle Creek, Michigan. I ing. In losing his life for Christ's

felt that I would never see the dawn sake, he finds it.

of another day,"said Mr. Penney. "I "If all would thus lose themselves

got up and wrote farewell letters to unselfishly in the law of tithing, there my wife and to my oldest son. I sealed would be sufficient in the Lord's storethe letters. If I did sleep, it was not a house to insure the comfort and edusound sleep. I rose early, went down to cation of every person in need in the

the mezzanine floor, and found the Church. The Church would thus bedining room was not open. come the best, the safest insurance

"Suddenly, over in one corner of the crimes. Robberies, burglaries, assaults, society in the world. The time will

mezzanine, I heard the singing of gosmurders are committed because of the come when tithing as a sufficient pel hymns. The song was the old faselfish attitude "I want it."means of protection will be even more

vorite, 'God Will Take Care of You.'The Lord, therefore, has given his fully understood than it is today...."

You can imagine how heavy my heart children guiding principles to assist (David O. McKay, Treasures of Life,

was when I went in. Yet, I came out them to overcome such inclinations as pp. 284285.)

of that room that morning a changed they may have. The Church will help May God bless us that we may

man. Within just a few moments my a man to eradicate selfishness from catch the vision and the spirit of the

life was transformed. It was almost as his mind if he will but follow the laws Savior's admonition: "Lay not up

if I had had a new birth. God did take of the gospel. For example, the law of for yourselves treasures upon earth,

care of me.... And ever since, I have tithing is for man's benefit. As a man where moth and rust doth corrupt,

been trying to fill that obligation voluntarily begins to pay an honest and where thieves break through and "When I finally got back on firm tithing, his interests and desires are steal:

ground, I had much less in a material focused toward God. "But lay up for yourselves treasures

sense than I enjoyed before. But I had No one who is selfish can gain a in heaven, where neither moth nor

gained immeasurably in spiritual righteous state. The principle of tithrust doth corrupt, and where thieves

wealth, for I had learned to turn to ing will help one overcome this endo not break through nor steal:

God for guidance in all the acts and slaving power, for at the very base of "For where your treasure is, there decisions of my life. this principle lies the means of subwill your heart be also."(Matt. 6:19-

"All spiritual awakening requires duing and conquering selfishness. 21.)

this realization: material arrogance Hence, it is a great blessing to the May this be our lot, I ask in the

and pride build up a sense of power individual who will honestly live name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1865 1155 ministry, to go forth to prune the vineyard for the last time.'"(Ibid., 1,

372373.) Thus it was from this group

that the Quorum of the Twelve Our First and Second Estates ApostlesAgain wasit wasselected.the knowledge obFranklin D. Richards tained and faith and strength that was

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve developed that prepared these men for the great work that was ahead of them.

My dear brothers and sisters, the in heaven is perfect? Let us consider Yes, it is essential that each of us

Lord has said, "... if wou keep my this matter before answering. learn from our experiences as we are

commandments and endure to the end Great blessings come from the tried and tested by the afflictions of you shall have eternal life, which gift knowledge that we obtain and the exthis life. God has explained that this

is the greatest of all the gifts of God."periences we have, and it should be is an important part of this life.

(D&C 14:7.) remembered that every experience has It seems, however, that human

In a glorious vision to Moses we a value. nature wants to follow the easy paths,

learn that it is God's work and glory The Prophet Joseph was proved the but each of us should thank the Lord "... to bring to pass the immortality same as each of us is. He encountered for the difficulties we encounter.

and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) intense opposition and what appeared I know that as we look back upon

Even though this is God's work and to be insurmountable obstacles. our lives, we will acknowledge that

glory, life seems to be a mystery to When he was crying to the Lord in those experiences that were the most most of God's children. Men wonder, Liberty Jail in March 1839, the word difficult were in the end the most

"Where did we come from, and what of the Lord came to him, saying: profitable. The lessons learned and

is the object of life?"The answers to "... if the very jaws of hell shall faith developed in such hours of hardthese questions are essential in order gape open the mouth wide after thee, ship will prove to be of eternal value

for each of us to achieve the maximum know thou, my son, that all these to us in our path of eternal progress.

benefits, happiness, and peace that things shall give thee experience, and Many of us recall the dark days of this life affords. shall be for thy good."(D&C 122:7.) the depression in the early nineteen

But to us God has revealed the ob- I am sure that it was difficult for thirties. The loss of one's possessions is

ject of life. He has revealed the great the Prophet Joseph at that time to a humbling experience, especially with

truth that he is our Father and that appreciate how this most difficult the responsibilities of a family, but the we are his spirit children. I am indeed experience would be for his good, but lessons will never be forgotten.

grateful for this knowledge; and as we it undoubtedly was a preparation for Likewise, the loss of loved ones are

appreciate that we are spirit children greater tests that came later. sad experiences, but these difficult

of our Father in heaven, unlimited I love the Prophet Joseph Smith and tests build great faith, courage, and possibilities lie before us. bear witness that he was one of the humility. In the presence of death we

Through the restored gospel of Jesus great prophets of all time. are made humble, for then we realize

Christ, we learn that we enjoyed a preYou may recall that historic and our own helplessness and our depenmortal existence as spirit children of memorable journey of Zion's Camp to dence upon our Heavenly Father for

God the Father. Missouri. Since it failed of its purpose comfort.

In our first estate or premortal to reinstate the Saints in possession of Those who have fulfilled missions existence we had our free agency, and their lands in Jackson County, it was understand the difficulties and disapbecause of our choice and worthiness regarded by some as being an unprofitpointments in bringing souls into the we—ourweresecondeligibleestate.to comeThus,toatthisthe earthtime able"A episode.brother in Kirtland—one too kingdomdeny the ofgreatGod.opportunitiesBut none forwouldperof our earthly birth our spirit entered weak in the faith to go with the camp sonal growth and development as well

into our mortal body and became the—meeting Brigham Young on his reas eternal joy and happiness.

life of our body. turn from Missouri, said to him, Well, Service to mankind through activity

The knowledge that this life is the what did you gain on this useless in the Church affords one of the great second estate opens up the great conjourney to Missouri with Joseph opportunities for experience. This type

cept of eternal progress. This is a basic Smith?''All we went for,'promptly of experience develops love, faith, wistruth of our religious thought. What a replied Brigham Young."(Compredom, understanding, discernment and

tremendous vision this gives us. hensive History of the Church, 1, 370.) invariably results in increased knowlAnd why did we come to this second In the camp's journey of more than edge.

estate? To be proved and tested—to see a thousand miles there were many The Savior said, "Woe unto you,

if we will do all things whatsoever the experiences. There were fatigues, hardwhen all men shall speak well of

Lord commands us. (See Abraham 3: ships, and disappointments to overyou!..."(Luke 6:26.)

25.) come; all of these experiences were The Church and the people of the

Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect, valuable to the men who participated Church have encountered and will even as your Father which is in heaven in them. Many became the leaders in encounter many trials and tribulais perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) two great exoduses involving the retions, but as the Lord explained to the

I bear witness to you that Jesus is moval of 12,000 Saints from Missouri Prophet in Liberty Jail, "... all these

the Christ, our Savior and Redeemer, to Illinois and of more than 20,000 things shall give thee experience, and and that all of God's children will infrom Illinois to the Salt Lake Valley. shall be for thy good."(D&C 122:7.)

herit immortality through the atoneIn another way also this Zion's We should not expect all to speak ment of the Christ, but that only those Camp experience was profitable. In well of us or expect all to be well with

who keep God's commandments and February 1835 a conference was held us continually. Let us prepare steadendure to the end will inherit eternal in which the Prophet explained "that fastly to face adversity regardless of

life and exaltation in the celestial the trials and sufferings endured on the form it takes, recognizing that such kingdom. that journey to Missouri were not in experiences are necessary to the

How many experiences, pleasant vain, for it was the will of God 'that progress of the Church as well as ourand unpleasant, must we have, and those who went to Zion with a deterselves as individuals.

how much knowledge must we attain mination to lay down their lives, if God has not promised us that we to become perfect, even as our Father necessary, should be ordained to the won't have problems and troubles, but

1156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he has promised us comfort, increased has endowed us with free agency to kingdom of God but will build in opfaith and knowledge, as well as growth choose our paths. As we choose the position to God's program and will

and development as we successfully right we are promised eternal progress build the kingdom of false men and meet each challenge of life. and love and peace with our families Satan. A true prophet will not build

What may appear to be a small and friends. And he has promised us the kingdom of Satan. A true prophet

problem to some may be a major one that as we keep his commandments his will help build the kingdom of God.

to another. The important thing about spirit will be with us. He will teach the teachings and doc-

a problem is: How do we react to it? Words cannot describe the happiness trines of Jesus Christ. He will teach

As we pursue the study of the gospel that comes into our lives when the the Godinspired scriptures. Jesus said,

of Jesus Christ, we perceive that it is spirit of God is with us. This happi- "No man can serve two masters:..."

a grand philosophy of life, yes, the ness includes a peace that passeth (Ibid., 6:24.) Many have tried, but the

plan of life. understanding except to the person statement of the great Teacher still

President McKay has said that the that receives it. stands.

purpose of the gospel is to change Let us truly appreciate the object of A fine couple came into my office men's lives, to make bad men good this life and endure to the end by in the Mormon Pavilion recently, and and good men better, and to change meeting life's challenges with a deterthe husband was concerned because human nature. (Film Every Member a mination to make each experience of his wife who had visited the Pavilion

Missionary.) eternal value to us and thus contribute a few weeks before had recently joined

How much learning and how many to our eternal progress. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterexperiences do we need to become I thank the Lord for the prophet, day Saints, and she was filled with

godlike? The answer is that we need our beloved President David O. McKay, peace, joy, and satisfaction. He said,

all we can receive on this earth; and who stands at the head of The "My wife seems to know, but I do

as we successfully meet this life's chalChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday not know, that Jesus Christ is the Son lenges, we will be prepared for more Saints today. May the Lord sustain of God. I do not know that Joseph

as we leave this estate and move into him in his great calling, and may we Smith is a prophet of God. I would

the next estate in the hereafter. all have the good judgment and like to know the truth."

Our Father has sent us here for a courage to follow his inspired advice He said, "I do believe that there is short period of mortal experience. He and counsel, I pray in the name of a God or a Creator."

has given us principles to guide us and Jesus Christ. Amen. In answer I said, "Your Father in

heaven has a greater desire that you know that Jesus Christ is literally his

Son and that he is the Savior, and he desires that you know the prophets, even more than you desire to know,

Life's Greatest Meaning butfollowyouthemustSavior."be ready to accept and

Bernard P. Brockbank Jesus Christ gave us the key of how

this recan know, and has been Assistant to the Council of the Twelve we it signifipeated, is rather I think and

Brothers and sisters: It is a blessing York World's Fair many from all sects cant. It has been mentioned in this

and a privilege to be in the talented and religions are asking, "How can we conference several times. I think it has

and spiritual atmosphere of this great know that Jesus Christ is the Savior great import and is very essential in [Tabernacle] Choir. We fondly reand the Son of God, and how can we the great missionary program because

member their great strength back at know that Joseph Smith is a prophet no convert can come into this Church, the [Mormon] Pavilion at the World's of God and that the restoration of the knowing the truth and knowing what

Fair. They are still talking about it in gospel took place?"is essential, unless he follows and unmany of the areas. Anyone can know if he truly and derstands what the Savior mentioned.

It is also a heartfelt joy and blessing sincerely wants to know if a prophet is Picture the Savior with his apostles, to have a living prophet of God on a false or is a true prophet of God. living here in mortality, the very God

earth today and to have a quorum of Jesus Christ gave us the key of how that the people thought they were

Twelve Apostles. This is a unique one may know. He said, "Beware of worshiping, the very Messiah they

organization in this world of many false prophets, which come to you in were looking for. And the Savior said

varied religions, one that conforms to sheep's clothing, but inwardly they to his apostles:

God's plan and to the scriptures. are ravening wolves. "Whom do men say that I the Son

The scriptures and ecclesiastical his- "Ye shall know them by their fruits. of man am?"(Ibid., 16:13.)

tory reveal that many men are willing Do men gather grapes of thorns, or Well, you know the answer. It is

and anxious to accept the prophets figs of thistles?"(Matt. 7:1516.) well known. The people did not know

and apostles of other ages. Many today A false prophet t is as out of place who he was. I wonder if wewould.

are willing to accept Noah, Abraham, and out of pattern in God's program He was the carpenter's son across the

Moses, Jacob, and others as prophets as a fig on a thistle or a grape on a street, claiming to be the Son of God.

of God, but few of the people living thorn. Jesus turned to the apostles, "But

at the time these prophets lived acJesus continued: "Even so every good whom say ye that I am?

cepted them as prophets of God. tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a "And Simon Peter answered and

Many men today accept Jesus Christ corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of

as the Savior and Son of God, but few "A good tree cannot bring forth evil the living God."(Ibid., 16:1516.)

accepted him when he lived on this fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring Peter knew. Many of us know, and

earth. forth good fruit.... all who wish the truth would like to

Many are willing to accept the past "Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know. And here is the key, as you

prophets but comparatively few are know them."(Ibid., 7:1718, 20.) know. Jesus then revealed a great gem

willing to accept and follow the living A corrupt or false prophet will bring of truth and a treasure of knowledge prophets. Many today are willing to forth evil fruit. A prophet of God will of God the Eternal Father's relationaccept Jesus Christ, but few were willbring forth good fruit or God's proship and responsibility to his children.

ing to accept and follow him. gram. Our Father in heaven is not without

In the Mormon Pavilion at the New A false prophet will not build the responsibility.

DECEMBER 1965 11S7 "And Jesus answered and said unto Then he said, "I would like to read Christ, again, I repeat, are found in him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: all the church books I can get ahold the holy scriptures. Encourage your

for flesh and blood hath not revealed of."friends with love, kindness, and

it unto thee, but my Father which is This revealed one of the little secrets neighborliness to read the scriptures, in heaven."(Ibid., 16:17.) that was keeping this young man from to read the Bible and the Book of

The knowledge and testimony that the Church. His desire was good, which Mormon. All Saints should give their

Jesus Christ is the Son of the living is very important; he had a marvelous friends a copy of the Book of Mormon.

God cannot come from flesh and blood attitude, but he wanted a witness This program has started. See how

but must be revealed from our Father through his own mind, from his own beautifully it works. Can you picture

which is in heaven. The children of reading, through his own understand- a million members of this Church

God must receive this knowledge ing, even though we had been with a testimony, with a witness from literally from their Creator. speaking about the message the Lord God, giving the great tangible witness

I said to my friend, "Do you singave of how we can know. This witto their neighbors, and then indicerely want to know that Jesus Christ ness cannot come from flesh and vidually following through, encouragis the Son of the living God?"blood but must come from God the ing their neighbors to pray, with love

all else."said, "Above Father. Eternal He and kindness building within them

to pray?"you I again "Do know how that this great asked him if he 1 would prithe knowledge book

He said, "I have never prayed."vately and secretly fast and pray from the second great witness of God'sis

"Would you like to talk to your his heart to God, so that he might program here upon the earth, along

Father in heaven?"know the truth. He said, "I will do with the Bible? It may not be second,

"Of course I would."the best I can, but I assure you I will but is a witness with the Bible. It

"Did Jesus Christ pray?"pray."works.

"Yes, he prayed."One week later he was baptized, A million copies! And it depends

Jesus Christ taught us how to pray. and with tears in his eyes and joy in on you. Here the majority of the leadMany know the Lord's prayer, but few his heart he knew that Jesus Christ ership of God's program on earth is

really comprehend its great signifiwas his Savior and that he was literally represented. Everyone can be a miscance. To many it has been a pattern the Son of the living God. His Father sionary, and the Book of Mormon a

of repetition, but not a pattern literin heaven also revealed to him that little tool, and then with the followup, ally of the great sequence of prayer Joseph Smith was a prophet; he also you will be surprised. The Book of

from God's children to their Heavenly knew that the Book of Mormon was Mormon will draw tears to the eyes

Father. scripture and was the word of God. of the honest in heart. After they

Let's just briefly analyze it. First, That came as an answer from his Fahave read this book they will know

we pray to our Father in heaven: "Our ther in heaven, and he was thrilled that Jesus Christ lives and that the

Father which art in heaven, Hallowed to get acquainted with it. He told me, Prophet Joseph Smith was a prophet

be thy name."(Ibid., 6:9.) "Life has greater meaning."and that the gospel has been restored.

Then we pray to help build the Fellow members of the Church of In closing, I would just like to say kingdom of God on earth as it is in Jesus Christ, many of your neighbors that in a few days one of the greatest heaven. And you cannot pray to bring desire to know the truth. The World's missionary tools of all time, the Pait without being blessed. We pray to Fair has proven that the people are vilion at the World's Fair, where we

help build God's kingdom on earth. hungry for righteousness, hungry for have had the opportunity of meeting

Then one prays to do the will of God. the truth, but there are few to teach and touching the hearts of millions,

What a difference this is over always them. It is God's plan and program will be closed and dismantled, but its

praying for the Lord to give us blessfor this life. Many have been misled, strength and its potency and what it,

ings. "Thy will be done, in earth, even as Jesus said the religious Pharihas done will live indefinitely. It is

as it is in heaven."(Ibid., 6:10.) Then sees were misled by the traditions and good to have been a part of it.

we thank God for our blessings, for our doctrines of men. May the Lord bless all of us to be

daily bread. You ask your Father in The doctrines and ordinances and about our Father's business, I pray

heaven to forgive you for your debts, commandments of God and Jesus in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

your sins and weaknesses, and likewise you will forgive anyone that has inured or offended you, so that your leart will be ready to receive the blessings. to help ask you when the Lord You evil. ask The Search for Jesus are with You temptedyou

your Father to deliver you from evil. Thomas S. Monson

This is a tremendous request. Of the Council of the Twelve

Then the prayer closes. No one praying can keep from the great significance This has been a most inspirational "And there were certain Greeks

of the three closing thoughts: "... For conference. As this the final session among them that came up to worship

thine is the kingdom, and the power, draws to its close, it is not my desire at the feast:

and the glory, for ever."(Ibid., 6:13.) to speak to a formal text, but rather to "The same came therefore to Philip,

Jesus also said, "Verily, verily, bear my personal testimony concernwhich was of Bethsaida of Galilee,

I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ing Jesus of Nazareth and to suggest and desired him, saying, Sir, we would ask the Father in my name, he will that each person undertake a personal see Jesus."(John 12:2021. Italics

give it to you. search for him. added.) I feel this is your desire even

"... ask, and ye shall receive, that Many of you have traveled far to today.

your joy may be full."(John 16:2324.) attend this conference. From Europe, The little children have another way

I asked my friend again, "Do you from Canada, from Mexico, from the of expressing the same wish. Most often

want your joy to be full?"isles of the sea, and from many other they say: "Tell me the stories of Jesus

And of course he said that he did. points you have come. I love to hear; things I would ask him

"You must ask in the name of Jesus In the New Testament of our Lord, to tell me if he were here."(W. H.

Christ when you pray to God for his John describes a similar journey by Parker, The Children Sing, No. 65.)

blessings."those who would worship. They seek after Jesus, and so it has

1158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ever been. No search is so universal. the Promised Messiah, even Jesus time, the message from Jesus has been

No undertaking so richly rewarding. Christ the Son of God. the same. To Peter by the shores of

No effort so ennobling. No purpose so Born in a stable, cradled in a manbeautiful Galilee, he said, "Follow

divine. ger, he came forth from heaven to live me...."(Matt. 4:19.) To Philip of

The search for Jesus is not new to on earth as mortal man and to estabold came the call, "Follow me."(John

this present period of time. In his lish the kingdom of God. 1:43.) To the Levite who sat at receipt

touching and tender farewell to the During his earthly ministry, he of customs came the instructions, "Folgentiles, Moroni emphasized the imtaught men the higher law. His glorilow me."(Matt. 9:9.) And to you and

portance of this search: "And now I, ous gospel reshaped the thinking of to me, if we but listen, shall come that

Moroni, bid farewell.... the world. He blessed the sick; he same beckoning invitation, "Follow

"And... I would commend you to caused the lame to walk, the blind to me.

seek this Jesus of whom the prohets see, the deaf to hear. He even raised But how do we follow him if first

and apostles have written,..."(Ether the dead to life. we don't find him? And how shall we

12:38, 41.) For generations, enlightened What was the reaction to his mesfind him, if first we don't seek him?

mankind anxiously sought the fulfillsage of mercy, his words of wisdom, his Where and how should we begin this ment of prophecies uttered by righteous lessons of life? There were a precious search for Jesus?

men inspired of Almighty God. For did few who appreciated him. They bathed Some have attempted to answer these

not Isaiah declare: "Behold, a virgin his feet. They learned his word. They questions by turning to idols, others by

shall conceive, and bear a son, and followed his example. burning incense or lighting candles.

shall call his name Immanuel"? (Isa. Then there were the many who In times past, great throngs journeyed

7:14.) And again, "For unto us a child denied him. When asked by Pilate, in the crusades of Christianity, feeling

is born,... and his name shall be "What shall I do then with Jesus that, if only the Holy Land could be

called... The Prince of Peace."(Ibid., which is called Christ?"(Ibid., 27:22) secured from the infidel, then Christ

9:6.) they cried, "Crucify him."They would be found in their lives. How

And on this continent God's prophmocked him. They gave him vinegar to mistaken they were. Thousands upon

ets declared: "... the time cometh, drink. They reviled him. They smote thousands perished. Many others comand is not far distant, that with power, him with a reed. They did spit upon mitted heinous crimes in the very name

the Lord Omnipotent... shall dwell him. They crucified him. of Christianity. Jesus will not be found

in a tabernacle of clay,... Can we, in part, appreciate the sufby crusades of men.

"... he shall suffer temptations, and fering of God the Eternal Father as Still others searched for Jesus in

pain.... his Only Begotten Son in the flesh was councils of debate. Such was the his-

"And he shall be called Jesus Christ, placed on a cross and crucified? Is toric Council of Nicea in 325 AD.

the Son of God...."(Mosiah 3:5, there a father or a mother who could There, with the help of the Roman

7-8.) not be moved to complete compassion Emperor, the delegates did away in

Then came that night of nights if he or she heard a son cry out in Christendom with the concept of a when the angel of the Lord came upon his own Garden of Gethsemane, personal God and a personal Son—the

shepherds abiding in the field, keeping "Father, if thou be willing, remove two separate and distinct Glorified watch over their flock, with the prothis cup from me: nevertheless not my Beings of the scriptures. The Creed of

nouncement: "For unto you is born this will, but thine, be done"? (Luke 22:42.) Nicea, the "incomprehensible mystery"

day in the city of David, a Saviour, All of us love the beautiful account of which its originators seemed so which is Christ the Lord."(Luke from the Holy Bible of Abraham and proud precisely because it could not

2:8-11.) Isaac. How exceedingly difficult it be understood, substituted for the perThus personally invited to undertake must have been for Abraham, in obedisonal God of love and for Jesus of the

a search for the babe wrapped in ence to God's command, to take his New Testament an immaterial abstracswaddling clothes and lying in a beloved Isaac into the land of Moriah, tion. The result was a maze of conmanger, did these shepherds concern there to present him as a burnt offerfusion and a compoundment of error.

themselves with the security of their ing. Can you imagine the heaviness Jesus will not be found in councils of

possessions? Did they procrastinate of his heart as he gathered the wood debate. Men of the world have moditheir search for Jesus? The record affor the fire and journeyed to the apfied his miracles, doubted his divinity,

firms that the shepherds said to one pointed place? Surely pain must have and rejected his resurrection.

another, "Let us now go even unto racked his body and tortured his The formula for finding Jesus has

Bethlehem.... mind as he bound Isaac and laid him always been and ever will be the same

"And they came with haste...."on the altar upon the wood and—the earnest and sincere prayer of a

(Ibid., 2:1516. Italics added.) stretched forth his hand and took the humble and pure heart. The Prophet

Wise men journeyed from the East knife to slay his son. How glorious Jeremiah counseled, "... ye shall seek

to Jerusalem, saying, "Where is he was the pronouncement, and with me, and find me, when ye shall search that is born King of the Jews? for we what wondered welcome did it come, for me with all your heart."(Jer.

have seen his star in the east, and "Lay not thine hand upon the lad, 29:13.)

are come to worship him. neither do thou any thing unto him: Before we can successfully undertake

"When they saw the star, they for now I know that thou fearest God, a personal search for Jesus, we must rejoiced with exceeding great joy. seeing thou has not withheld thy son, first prepare time for him in our lives

"And... they saw the young thine only son from me."(Gen. 22:12.) and room for him in our hearts. In

child with Mary his mother, and fell As God witnessed the suffering of these busy days there are many who down, and worshipped him: and when Jesus, his Only Begotten Son in the have time for golf, time for shopping,

they had opened their treasures, they flesh, and beheld his agony, there was time for work, time for play, but no presented unto him gifts; gold, and no voice from heaven to spare the life time for Christ.

frankincense, and myrrh."(Matt. of Jesus. There was no ram in the Lovely homes dot the land and

2:2, 1011. Italics added.) thicket to be offered as a substitute provide rooms for eating, rooms for

With the birth of the babe in sacrifice. "For God so loved the world, sleeping, playrooms, sewing rooms, teleBethlehem,dowment—atherepoweremergedstrongera greatthanenthatthat whosoeverhe gave hisbelievethonly begottenin him shouldSon, visionDo werooms,get abutpangno roomof consciencefor Christ.as

weapons, a wealth more lasting than not perish, but have everlasting life."we recall his own words, "... foxes

the coins of Caesar. This child was to (John 3:16.) have holes, and the birds of the air

be the King of kings and Lord of lords, Down through the generations of have nests; but the Son of man hath

DECEMBER 1965 1159 not where to lay his head"? (Matt. us. If we but look we too will see a stand, these boys of many faiths over-

8:20.) Or do we flush with embarrassbright, particular star which will guide came insurmountable odds and found

ment when we remember, "And she us to our opportunity. themselves anew. Through it all, Boyd

brought forth her firstborn son, and One who saw such a star and folHatch not only found joy, but by willwrapped him in swaddling clothes, and lowed it was the late Boyd Hatch of ingly and unselfishly giving of himself, laid him in a manger; because there Salt Lake City. Deprived of the use of he also found Jesus.

was no room for them in the inn"? his legs, faced with a lifetime in a Every member of The Church of

(Luke 2:7.) No room. No room. No wheelchair, Boyd could well have Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, in

room. Ever has it been. looked inward and, through sorrow for the waters of baptism, has covenanted

As we undertake our personal search self, existed rather than lived. Howto stand as a witness of God "... at

for Jesus, aided and guided by the ever, Brother Hatch looked not inward, all times and in all things, and in all principle of prayer, it is fundamental but rather outward into the lives of places..."and has expressed a willthat we have a clear concept of him others and upward into God's own ingness "... to bear one another's

whom we seek. The shepherds of old heaven; and the star of inspiration burdens, that they may be light."

did seek Jesus the child. But we seek guided him not to one opportunity, (Mosiah 18:9, 8.)

Jesus the Christ, our older Brother, our but to literally hundreds. He organized By fulfilling this covenant in our

Mediator with the Father, our ReScout troops of handicapped boys'. He lives, we will become acquainted with

deemer, the Author of our salvation, taught them camping. He taught them him who declared, "Behold, I am

him who was in the beginning with swimming. He taught them basketball. Jesus Christ, whom the prophets testithe Father, him who took upon himself He taught them faith. Some boys were fied shall come into the world."(3

the sins of the world and so willingly downhearted and filled with selfpity Nephi 11:10.) This is the Jesus whom

died that we might forever live. This and despair. To them he handed the we seek. This is our Brother whom we

is the Jesus whom we seek. torch of hope. Before them was his own love. This is Christ the Lord, whom

And when we find him, will we be personal example of struggle and acwe serve. I testify that he lives, for I

prepared as were the wise men of old complishment. With a courage which speak as one who has found him, in

to provide gifts from our many treawe shall never fully know or underthe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

sures? They presented gold, frankincense, and myrrh. These are not the

gifts Jesus asks of us. From the treasure

of our hearts Jesus asks that we give of ourselves. "Behold, the Lord requireth the heart and a willing mind;..."(D&C Cherish Noble Aspirations

64:34.) In this marvelous Dispensation of the President David 0. McKay

Fullness of Times, our opportunities to give of ourselves are indeed limitless, My dear brethren and sisters: As we Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John

but they are also perishable. There are come to this parting hour, I hope that 17:3.) And how may we know of the

hearts to gladden. There are kind the teachings and life of the Master doctrine? "If any man will do his will,

words to say. There are gifts to be seem to you all to be more beautiful, he shall know of the doctrine, whether

given. There are deeds to be done. more necessary, and more applicable to it be of God, or whether I speak of

There are souls to be saved. "Go, gladhuman happiness than ever before. myself."(Ibid., 7:17.)

den the lonely, the dreary; go, comfort Never have I believed more firmly in Wisdom comes through effort. All

the weeping, the weary; go, scatter kind the perfection of humanity as the final good things require effort. That which

deeds on your way, oh, make the result of man's placement here on is worth having will cost part of your world brighter today!"Mrs. Frank A. earth. With my whole soul I accept physical being, your intellectual power,Breck, Deseret Sunday School Songs, Jesus Christ as the personification of and your soul power—"Ask, and it shall

As we remember that "... when ye fest in the flesh, as the Savior and Reknock, and it shall be opened unto

are in the service of your fellow beings deemer of mankind. Accepting him as you:"(Matt. 7:7.) But you have to

ye are only in the service of your God"my Redeemer, Savior, and Lord, I acseek, you have to knock. On the other

(Mosiah 2:17), we will not find ourcept his gospel as the plan of salvation, hand, sin thrusts itself upon you. It

selves in the unenviable position of as the one perfect way to human walks beside you, it tempts you, it

Jacob Marley's ghost, who spoke to happiness and peace. There is not a entices, it allures. You do not have to

Ebenezer Scrooge in Dickens'immortal principle which was taught by him but put forth effort. It is like the poor,

A Christmas Carol. Marley sadly spoke seems to me to be applicable to the fallen woman who lies in wait to deof opportunities lost. Said he, "Not to growth, development, and happiness of ceive. It is like the billboard advertisknow that any Christian spirit workmankind. Every one of his teachings ing attracting you to drink and to

ing kindly in its little sphere, whatseems to me to touch the true philososmoke. It is like the message that comes

ever it may be, will find its mortal life phy of living. I accept them with into your very homes with the teletoo short for its vast means of usefulall my heart and pray that all who vision and radio or the golden packet

ness. Not to know that no space of participated in this great conference, put right into your hand. Evil seeks

regret can make amends for one life's either as listeners or speakers, may you, and it requires effort and fortitude opportunities misused! Yet such was I! have that same desire in their hearts. to combat it. But truth and wisdom are

Oh! such was I!"Let us strive so earnestly to represent gained only by seeking, by prayer, and

Marley added, "Why did I walk him or to follow him that our spirits by effort.

through the crowds of fellowbeings may be eternally young. If thoughts We cannot be true to ourselves and

with my eyes turned down, and never affect the physical being, might it not to our loved ones, to our associates, raised them to that blessed Star which be true that eternal truths will conwithout feeling a determination to led the Wise Men to a poor abode? tribute to the eternal nature of the know more about this great truth to

Were there no poor homes to which its spirit within? On the night of his which testimonies have been borne

light would have conducted me?"betrayal, the Savior said: "And this here throughout this conference. The

Fortunately, the privilege to render is life eternal, that they might know spirit within bears testimony that truth service to others can come to each of thee the only true God, and Jesus exists in this old world.

1 160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA #jf'-J*.#-,**,

A * # v-

1:%yiN

1 Ji.1

"What seek ye?"were the first words be uplifting and inspirational have highway or fulfill the divine purpose

that Christ uttered to some of his been realized, and for that we are of our being.

Twelve, or some who afterwards begrateful to our Heavenly Father, grateFinally, let us be true to our country came members of the Twelve. "Master, ful for the inspiration he has given to and to our country's ideals. Nearly

where dwellest thou?"He didn't say us and to the world. Truly, our hearts three thousand years ago an ancient

over here or over there, but he said, have been filled with gratitude that prophet said that this is a land choice "Come and see."(John 1:3839.) And the Lord has magnified each one who above all other lands (see 1 Nephi

they went with him that day and spent has spoken to the end that his words 2:20), and it is; and the Constitution

the rest of the afternoon in his preshave emanated from the presence of of the United States, as given to us by ence. our Father. our fathers, is the real government

I ask the youth of the Church today, As we leave to go to our various under which individuals may exercise "Whom do you seek?"Would you homes, let us make real the good feelfree agency and individual initiative.

keep that youth which is yours now? ings that have been aroused in our Let us oppose any subversive inThen love the Lord your God with all souls. Let us not permit to evaporate fluence that would deprive us of our

your mind, with all your heart, and from our minds and feelings the good individual freedom or make this govwith all your soul; and though the resolutions we have formed. Let us ernment a dictator instead of a servant

body becomes decrepit and like an old resolve that from now on we are going to the people.

house begins to tumble, your spirit to be men of higher and more sterling God bless you officers and leaders will still be young, as young as the character, more conscious of our own of the Church. May the love of the

little babe that might be in that weaknesses, more kind and charitable Redeemer be in each heart, and that tumbleddown house, because your towards others'failings. As we depart means that that love will be expressed

body, after all, is but the house in let us be more determined to be kinder in serving one another. God bless these

which you live. Even when your heart husbands, more thoughtful wives, more brethren of the General Authorities

stops beating, your eyelids close, and exemplary to our children, more dewith increased health and strength to you respond no more to your physical termined that in our homes we are carry on their responsibilities throughenvironment, that spirit, still young, going to have just a little taste of out the world. I know that God lives,

will go into the presence of him whom heaven here on earth. that his Son Jesus Christ is the Savior

you have made your ideal. Then truly Cherish in your hearts the testimony of the world, and that divine beings

will it be demonstrated that: of truth; make it as solid and as firm restored to the Prophet Joseph Smith

and unwavering as the fixed stars in the gospel of Jesus Christ as he estab- "The stars shall fade away, the sun the heavens. May there come into lished it in the Meridian of Time.

himself everyone's heart and into all our homes I bear you this testimony as we part

Grow dim with age, and Nature sink the true Spirit of Christ, our Redeemer, this afternoon and pray the blessings in years; whose reality, whose inspiring guidof the Lord to be upon each and every

But thou shalt flourish in immortal ance I know to be real. May a kind one of you, that the influence of the

youth, heaven help us to cherish worthy ideals priesthood quorums, of auxiliaries, and

Unhurt amidst the war of elements, and noble aspirations. Whatever our of the missionaries may be more effecThe wreck of matter, and the crash of joys and sorrows, let us ever remember tive from this time forward than ever

worlds."that what we ardently desire in our before in leading the honest in heart of

(Joseph Addison, Cato, Act V, sc. 1.) hearts will determine what we really the whole world to turn their hearts to

are. How constantly and consistently the worship of God and give them

And now this great conference draws we cherish noble aspirations in our power to control the animal nature and to a close. Our anticipation, our hopes, minds and follow them will determine live in the Spirit, in the name of Jesus

and our prayers that it might prove to whether we drift as failures along life's Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1965 1161 New Star in the Sky before. She knew he wanted to After the winter wheat was

(Continued from page 1086) say, "Don't you get dramatic; it planted, they looked yearningly at

will get you nowhere."She knew the skies, for rain, for snow. The

don't seem to be doing anything Martin. He was usually deliberate day after Thanksgiving, snow beabout it. Of course, maybe we and disciplined, and he didn't like gan to fall. It fell steadily through

couldn't do much, but still...."women to get all worked up and long night hours and the shorter

"Yes, that's what I say. What teary about things. days, until the whole wide valley

could we do about it? 'Course "All right then,"Martin said, was an endless field of white. It

there's trouble, everybody knows "let Lem Williams help the Gilwas deep. It was heavy. It was

that, but what could we do about mers out."beautiful. It was as if a benevoit?"His face grew eager. "By the "Maybe Lem Williams won't. lent sky meant to conceal with a

way, Lem Williams was over here Maybe he's like us. Maybe he's gentle covering of unsullied white

today, and he said he'd never seen just too—"Now it was she who all of earth that was ugly or worn

the likes of our potatoes. A bumper couldn't say the word that should or unfinished.

crop, and you know the price. be said. She didn't want to say Such depth of snow would have

Listen to this, Emmie, twentytwo words that would hurt. She wanted meant months of isolation for the

thousand bags of seed potatoes to understand, and she felt that scattered farm families, but for—that's what we got this year."she did. "He's saved for so the tunneled highway made by the

Emmie repeated in her mind the long,"she said to herself, "he giant snowplows that kept it open.

price and the number of bags. doesn't know how to spend money, Emmie was grateful for the

Maybe now was as good as anyexcept for tractors and plows or a plows. She had known isolation,

time to go on. She really hadn't new potato cellar."She looked at had known loneliness, but as long

told Martin what it was she his face, it was a tired face. Deep as the highway was open, she

wanted. Cautiously, she reopened lines furrowed the windweathered could drive the four miles to town.

the subject. cheeks, and his thinning hair was Town meant a few stores and

"Maybe there isn't a lot we could gray. She tried to soften her voice. people to talk to, things to talk

do, you and me. But maybe there's "Maybe Lem Williams will help about besides the price of seed

some things we could. Like for them out some,"she said, "but potatoes.

instance...."She waited. Martin eight children is a lot to feed, to Today especially, she was glad

didn't say a word. He just looked clothe, and to send to school. We for the open highway, for she had

apprehensive. Emmie ignored it. don't know, 'cause we've never made plans and was not to be dis-

"We could help the Gilmers. We had any."suaded by whim, reason, or precould buy some of the things they Martin didn't bluster. He didn't vious performance. It was now a

need. Or...."Should she say it? say, "Now you're getting dramatic."week before Christmas, and she was

She did. She said, "Maybe we He didn't say anything. going to do some Christmas shopcould take care of that debt Benny Emmie settled down in her ping—not for groceries only; there

told about—the money it took to chair, thinking way back. She were more exciting items on her

bring them up from Texas."thought about the early years when list.

"Three hundred dollars! Is that the mortgage was a formidable Emmie entered Wilson's General

what you're talking about? Is it, weight. She had hoped that, once Merchandise store wearing the

Emmie? Is it?"His voice was a the farm was paid for, Martin same brown coat she had worn for

heifer, bellowing with fright. His would relax a little, would become several winters, but the tenor of

voice was thunder before summer more sociable and active in affairs her mind was new and resolute.

rain. His eyes widened. "Is... of the nearby community. She She had made her plans. She

that... what... you... mean?"also knew that where a man's would buy what she had never

Emmie didn't know she could treasure is, there will his heart be bought before, and she would do be so disciplined. "That's what I also, and the growing bank account it now, if she never did it again.

mean,"she said deliberately. "I from a decade of largefarm prosShe would purchase things and

know it's a lot, and I know it perity had given him a considernever ask the price.

sounds like book stories, like the able bank treasure. She feared that The saleslady, recalling her prethings they do on television—givhis heart was there and not elsevious purchases, looked surprised.

ing things away, especially at where. That's what she had been Emmie observed her amazement,

Christmas time. But, it's not a thinking, though she hadn't said so. but ignored it, continuing her purnew idea, Martin. It's been hap- "Three hundred dollars!"Marchases of levis, six pair; flannel

pening ever since, well, since tin roared again, "for someone you shirts, six; stockings, woolly, dark,

Scrooge and Tiny Tim and long, don't even know, not even a relaand warm, eight pair. When the

long before."tive. Three hundred dollars and saleslady asked for the sizes, EmHer voice was getting higher you don't even know that—"Again mie hesitated. "Just mix them up,

now. "But it's never happened to he stopped still, dead still, right in ages three to twelve. But mind

us, Martin, never. It's got to. We the middle of the sentence. But you, eight pair,"she said proudly.

are fiftyseven, and life's slipping this time he walked out of the There were other items that away. The wrong way."room, and Emmie knew that, for caught her eye. Almost tenderly

"Now Emma Jensen, don't you the present at least, the controher rough hands caressed the get—"Right here Martin stopped. versy was a closed issue. smallgirl dresses. "I'll take these

But Emmie knew the word that The snows came late that season. two,"she said; "they're so pretty.

should follow. She had heard it The farmers were apprehensive. If they're too long, she can hem

1162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them up."furniture, but with so many chilIt had taken long and much dren, there seemed to be little

thinking to bring Emmie to this need or room for furniture. She

state of action, for the habit of and Martin sat comfortably on an practicing strict economy through old but reasonably firm divan.

many, many years had etched a There was a Christmas tree, small

Curious Colt"STATIONERY pattern. gailydeep loops but with of trimmed

offer line our of We proudly western new chains, important shopping done, The popcorn with paper and stationery out the of from West, our new in Cheyenne, home perWyo. own bells. stars thinking centered her cutout upon MartinEmmie and sonalsize stationery, lO 1,". x Four

illustrations it beautiful of Curious Colt"Christmas said she Day. "TheTWYour morning, to his took The back him way

illus. sheets, 50 Lorenz, by 50 envelopes, Bob the pattern of followknew, days. would young own 10 blanks, rippletone white paper, bond

set fullof 4 ideal Colt"other Christmas mornings. Martin Before anyone was aware of it, beautifullycolor prints boxed!of "TheMatchedCurious all

would do the farm chores, asthe afternoon was gone. Emmie for framing, incl. We ship with gift card

sisted by a man hired during the passed the cookies to the children, toery.personSatisfactionof yourguaranteedchoice. Immediateor money delivback.

winter months. For breakfast there then removing the neatly folded Onlyresidents$3.00addpersalesbox tax.postage paid. Wyoming

would be bacon and eggs, hashed dish towel, handed the applesauce brown potatoes, muffins and raspcake to Mrs. Gilmer. Very deliberThe Lazy BL Ranch

berry jam. There would be no ately she took the wrapped parBox 3232M Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001

Christmas tree, a useless luxury. cels from the basket. Nothing

Long ago they had decided this, would do but that they be opened since there were no children to at once. Emmie was happy about

trim it. There would be two presthat. She wanted to see the chilPUZZLED ABOUT

ents—a piece of fancy costume dren's faces, and she wanted to

jewelry for her, though seldom see the presents again herself. CHRISTMAS GIFTS?

worn, and some knitted socks for While Emmie was helping the

Martin. girls try on the dresses, Martin Nothing finer than a twelvetime-

But Christmas afternoon Emand Jim Gilmer sat chatting in- a-year gift. Give

mie sighed under her breath, That formally on the long divan. They

would be different. There would talked of Texas, of cotton versus

be no knitting, no reading, no telepotatoes, of climate, of the county The Improvement vision, but a visit to the Gilmers. schools and many things, inaudiShe had baked a pan of cookies ble above the noise and laughter

and an applesauce cake, and of of the children.

course there were the articles of There were "thank you's"from Only $3.00

clothing, purchased and so loveveryone; but Benny, who refused We send a beautiful gift card free

ingly wrapped. There was the to take his sweater off, came close

sweater for Benny. Emmie could to Emmie and said, "Thank you,

scarcely wait. Reluctantly, Martin Mrs. Jensen for this,"patting the

had promised that he would go sweater front, "but 'specially for "Travel with Chi, You get more with her as soon as lunch was over. keeping the cat."And the visit was for your Travel $$"

The Gilmer farmhouse was a over.

volley of Christmas noise. Even The Christmas Day visit was Try one of many tours

before Martin and Emmie opened over, and yet it was not over. Even ROSE PARADE - HAWAII

the wire gate, they paused a moafter the supper dishes were SOUTH PACIFIC - ORIENT ment, trying to make out the cleared away and Martin had built MARDI GRASHOLY LANDwords that were fused with laugh- a fire in the living room, a strange ter and occasional shouts. feeling of fulfillment remained—and others

Once inside the house, the noise a feeling Emmie had not experiCall or contact assumed more meaning. There enced in years. It was not like the CHI'S TOURS TRAVEL AGENCY, Inc.

were children everywhere—older satisfaction of seeing a chicken 179 South State Street

boys on the floor, fitting puzzle brood, newly hatched, or of new Salt LakePhoneCity,3221205Utah 84111 pieces together; smaller boys tootlambs added to their flock, or o

ing tin horns; little girls, sitting summer fruit bottled and neatly

under the Christmas tree, trying shelved, or of petunias blooming on beads, and laughing heartily. bravely beyond the first frost. HAWAII LANILOA LODGE

Benny was eating an apple and These contentments were small Whenthe LaniloaattendingLodgethein HawaiianLaie. CloseTemple,and convenientstay at

reading aloud from a book. and transient. It was not even like—also adjacent to worldfamous Polynesian

Mr. and Mrs. Gilmer, lean and that bigger satisfaction of having Culturalfor excursions.Center and restaurant. Special rates

friendly, seemed somewhat conthe farm mortgage paid off. This Phone or write for reservations

fused as they removed toys from was different. "It was a success,"Phone Laie 295120

chairs and tried to quiet the noise. she kept saying to herself, "even

But once they introduced themwithout the money."

selves and all of the family, everyShe wondered if Martin felt as TREASURED GIFT one felt completely at ease. she did. "It's been a nice day,

Emmie glanced around the Martin, hasn't it?"GenealogicalGive a gift certificateXerox Copiesfor

room. There was a minimum of "Yes, frankly it has,"he said. at

"SALT LAKE BLUE"245 So. State 3647823

DECEMBER 1965 1163 "A right good day. Turned out betseemed mighty pleased about the ing and saving, year after year.

ter than I expected it would. By presents."Not enough love coming in and

the way, those Gilmer kids are "They were, Martin; they really going out."

cute kids. Bright, honestlooking were. Surprised, pleased, and grateEmmie liked the way he put it.

kids, especially that twelveyear- ful. But I keep asking myself, Who "Jim Gilmer seemed pleased

old. I was just thinking, maybe we was most pleased, them or us?"about the money, too, though he

could find something around our "I guess it's hard to tell."Then didn't want to take it."

place for him to do next summer."he asked, "Is it too late to teach "The money! The money, MarEmmie didn't answer. She an old dog new tricks?"tin?"

wanted Martin to empty his mind, "Not if it's a farm dog,"Emmie Martin gave no answer. He

as much of it as he wanted to. came back quickly; "they're smart."turned a page of the magazine ly-

"They're a pretty nice family. "Well, Emmie,"Martin coughed ing open upon his knee.

They'd be nice to have in the val- a little, "I've been doing some hard Could that be what the two men ley. If things work out right for thinking myself, lately. It's not were talking about as they sat

them, they might be able, somebeen easy for you all these yearsupon the divan, conversing so day, to get a piece of land for being married to me. Not like you quietly? Emmie recalled seeing

themselves up here—not go back hoped it would be. Just working Jim Gilmer wipe his eyes with the

to Texas."Then he added, "They and saving. Working and scrimpback of his hand, and Martin's

face near and smiling. He wouldn't

want the children to see their father accept the check—there's a

man's pride to consider. It would

like to think of that. Martin be WORK: ROUTINE THE really "Martin Jensen, did you SPOKEN PART OF LIFE LARGE give that She needed money?"no WORD j A

answer now, for Martin looked up from the page and their eyes met.

RICHARD L. EVANS "Oh, Martin, you really did!"

Emmie could stand no more.

Most, if not indeed all of us, are sometimes fatigued, sometimes disTears were gathering—she didn't

couraged and bored with the routine of duties. All work, assignments, want to cry. She tried to laugh

professions, and occupations are, in a sense, repetitive. Not everyone, lightly, but her voice was broken.

perhaps not anyone, can constantly and consistently see the ultimate She just walked out of the room.

results of his efforts. Not anyone does great things all the time. There "Cry if you want to, Emmie,"

are routine and unexciting essentials in every occupation. There are Martin called, following her into

uninteresting parts, preparation, inefficiencies, and wasted inbetween the unlighted kitchen.

times in every pursuit and profession. In the theatre it's rehearsing and She was standing by the sink,

memorizing and makeup, and a thousand tedious but necessary details. with the new window above it.

In research it is long and repetitive tasks, with an elusive hope for As Martin entered the room, she realizing an objective. In teaching it is patient preparing, explaining, dabbed at her eyes with a kerchief

correcting papers, and seeing some progress in some pupils, but not from her apron pocket. Neither

measurable each day. In law it is attention to many details and listenspoke. They just stood, silently

ing to many tedious troubles. In medicine it is much careful checking, looking out at a windowsquare

along with some dramatic and satisfying situations, losing some, helping of sky, some to health, but much of listening to the minor ailments of many "What are you seeing, Emmie?"

people. And so one might pick from every profession. There are good Martin's voice was low, and it was

days and bad days for all of us—encouraging and frustrating days for mellow.

all of us. And if anyone were to become too critical of his service or "Thinking,"Emmie said, "thinkhis situation, it is significant that anyone at times could find reason to ing that this special, different day

say the same. Everybody uses some of his time in what seems of little was sort of like the first Christmas

or less consequence. Those times when we are sure that we are signifiDay. 'Course there was no mancantly serving or making best use of what we might make of our lives ger. No heavenly choir. No shepare not always in evidence—not even for the seemingly glamorous herds. No hills of Bethlehem—"

occupations, not even for people in high places'. If we took anyone Martin broke in, "Only miles of

and analyzed his life, much of it would seem to be inconsequential, or potato land."

at least less than what might appear to be possible. And when we "But there was love, a lot of it,

become restless or dissatisfied or discouraged with what we are doing, and gifts, too. The best ones we

it might just be the normal amount of restlessness or boredom that would could think of. I'm thinking, and

be expected in almost any occupation or profession. In any case, some- I'm seeing—"

one has to do all the work of the world, Everyone who helps is useful, Martin's arms were around her and no one avoids all the routine tasks and details. "The great happiness shoulders. He held her close-.

of life, I find, after all,"said Schiller, "to consist in the regular dis- "What is it you're seeing, Emmie?"

charge of some... duty."1 he asked when she didn't finish.

ijohann C. Friedrich von Schiller ( 17591805), German poet. "Something wonderful, just won-

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia derful, Martin. I see a new star,

Broadcasting System, September 19, 1965. Copyright 1965. in the sky—our sky!"

1164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Your kitchen stays Since Cumorah designates and crowns his succleaner when you ( Continued from page 1091 cessor. All the people "great and

gold Darius plates that first came small"are then summoned to the out in 1951, since the content of royal presence, each being rethese is a mixture of history and quired to bring the most precious piety much in the manner of the gift his means can afford. In reBook of Mormon. 31 turn the Prince of the Captivity But of all the possible ties beentertains them all at a great feast ELECTRIC

tween the Book of Mormon and of abundance. The day before the Nothing is cleaner

coronationthe a high far the Old World, tower wooden by most than a kilowatt—no

isimpressive This (migdol) had been built. in our opinion was (46) products of combusthe exact and full matching up of covered with precious hangings,

the long coronation rite described and concealed within it was a tion - <\ in the book of Mosiah with the trained choir of noble youths "standard"Near Eastern coronawhich under the direction of a tion ceremonies as they have been precentor led the congregation in worked out through the years by hymns and antiphonals preparing the "patternists"of Cambridge. for the new king's appearance.

Imagine a twentythree-yearold This explains how at the coronabackwoodsman in 1829 giving his tion of Mosiah all the people version of what an ancient coronawould respond to the king in a

See the smart newtion ceremony would be like—single voice—it was the practiced

what would be done and said, and familiar acclamatio of the anelectric range models how, and by whom? Put the quescient world. Thus the conductor at your dealer's now.

tion to any college senior or dean would say, "The breath of all the of humanities today and see what living...,"whereupon the choir /fit's electric, it's better!

you get. To the recent pronouncewould answer, "... shall bless thy UTAH POWER I LIGHT COMPANY

ments of the "Cambridge school"name,"and continue until they that conform so beautifully to the reached the. passage known as the BLACK & WHITE

long description of Mosiah's enKedusha, when the entire multithronement, we may add another tude would join in the familiar

I Ifellllf 8 exposure rollinteresting bit of confirmation. In words. After this all the people sat FILMS

the tenth century AD, Nathan, a down. DEVELOPED & PRINTED

Jewish scholar living in Babylon, When the preliminaries were IN JUMBO SIZE witnessed the enthronement of the over, the king, who until then had 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

Prince of the Captivity, carried remained invisible, appeared dra36 exposures $1.50

of the top the tower, in exile rematically on as a out by the Jews COLOR FILM only three then held glories which until lost of the of theirminder kingdom. Since no regular coronaempty thrones. At the sight of him DEVELOPING

tion is described in the Bible, and all the people stood up and re- 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per since the rites here depicted conmained standing while he seated Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

1 2-Exposure form to the normal pattern of a himself, to be followed after a few

Dev. Roll $3.00 perro || and Printing

Near Eastern coronation, we have moments by the head of the AcadColor Reprints 204 each here a pretty good picture of what emy of Sura, who sat on a throne

COLORColor Slides SLIDES per a coronation in Israel would be to his right, though separated from 135 mm roll,,,$1.35

per like in Lehi's day. 32 him by an interval, and a little 201 35exp.,mm Dev.ColorandSlidesMount

The new king is set aside by the later by the head of the Academy 36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll

elders on the Thursday preceding of Pumbeditha who sat on the Color8 mm, Movie25'Roll $1.35 perroll

his coronation. The elders are also king's left. This of course is the

"three the men"image of in the who in charge Book of Mormon, figure on earth—a in the represent Book they God though do not of GENEALOGYNEGATIVES MADEPHOTOSof OLD

precoronation arrangements in the Mormon concept, as we have PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

book of Mosiah because this was noted above. of NEGATIVE, 54 each

an unusual case in which the old Over the king's head alone howSend coin only—no C.O.D.'s

king was still living—it is he who ever was the splendid baldachin, MoneyBack Guarantee

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1965 1165 or royal tent—for as in the BookFOR CHRISTMAS of Mormon the coronation rite

is essentially a camp ceremony.

The precentor, who has been the master of ceremonies from the first, then goes under the tent and LIFT UP YOUR imparts royal blessings on the new king. In the Book of Mormon the VOICE

old king, who is still alive, does all

Voice Your lift Up And Sing this and has general charge of the

LD.S.LI CHILDREN PRIMARY AND SingStag TheirTheir 343 Favorte Soofif - amumtwrn meeting. Because the blessing

cannot be heard by the vast multiSING tude, the chorus of youths stand-—very popular ing beneath the throne shout out

album of songs a loud "Amen!"at the end of it to

by primary signify the universal approval.

Then comes the time for the children—AH r*u m U Oton

great royal speech, the new king

Ideal for family home evenings, or for teaching the little ones some popular deferring to the head of the Acadprimary songs.

33.1/3 HI FT ONLY emy of Sura, who in turn cour-

#3.00 teously defers to the head of the

Academy of Pumbeditha, "thus WRITE FOR INFORMATION ON HOW TO USE THIS ALBUM showing deference to one another"FOR PRIMARY. QUORUM. WARD OR STAKE

FUND RAISING PROJECT. and indicating their perfect oneDiscounts on quantity purchases. ness of mind and purpose. The

speech is delivered in the manner of a message from heaven, the USE TO ORDER speaker "expounding with awe, closing his eyes, and wrapping..."tteseret himself up with his tallith. DESERET BOOK COMPANY The people stood wrapped in

44 East South Temple, silence and overwhelmed by the BookCOMPANY Salt Lake City, Utah 44 EAST AT COTTONWOODSO. TEMPLEMALLAND Send me... copies of LIFT UP YOUR occasion: "There was not in the

SALT LAKE CITY VOICE AND SING. Bill me, I have an congregation one that opened his

I account. enclose order/check money OR,

for total, sales tax (add of 3-1/2% mouth, or chirped, or uttered a Utah where applicable) Plus 25 cents to cover sound. If he (the speaker) became

postage. aware that any one spoke, he

Name. would open his eyes, and fear and

Address. terror would fall upon the congreCity State. Zip. gation."

The royal speech was immediately followed by a question period, in which the king would put questions to the people, who \\ rr would answer him in the person of a venerable old man "of wisdom, BURNED OUT understanding, and experience."

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY Then the precentor (Benjamin)

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, would pronounce a blessing on with tremendous added expense before you find the people with the special words, another. "During the life of our prince the

Let us explain your need for ample insurance exilarch, and during your life, and to cover today's higher values. during the life of all the house of

Israel."This is the typical New

Year and birthday formula that UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

1166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW always goes with a coronation. FOR CHRISTMAS

the blesses precentor theThen BRING THE SONGS counselorsking then and his two and makes a formal roll call of the AND STORIES OF people. This is the formal registry THE PIONEERS

of in the described people Mosiah, still RIGHT INTO YOUR HOME the are while peopleand was tofe&s*m through thestanding precentor hands the THE MORMON of the to thebook new king, Law who reads to the people the covePIONEERS nant they are entering. When the a recorded tribute in song and prose

book of the Law is returned to to our noble forebears by COLUMBIA RECORDS the ark, all sit down and are reThis magnificently produced recording galed by learned discourses on the contains Folk songs as sung by the pioextracts neers, their diaries Irom andLaw, beginning with one by the

Iettt s, and a handsome book style HI FI $ 9.70

king himself. After this the preSTEREO $10.70 illustrated text of 47 pages.

centor again "blessed the exilarch by the Book of the Law,"and all Deseret44 East SouthBookTemple,CompanySalt Lake City, Utah said amen. After a final prayer all Please send me copies of the recording and

I an text. account. Bill me, I have OR,

price for the purchasethe people departed to their homes. Heseret enclose order check/money

The reader can see for himself (plus Utah sales tax of 3-1/2% wherehow closely these rites conform to BookCOM P A N V applicable). $ Plus 25 cents to cover

the substance and spirit of the 44AT EASTCOTTONWOODSO. TEMPLEMALLAND postage.

coronation of Mosiah. (47) But SALT LAKE CITY Name.

the most remarkable feature of Address the whole thing is the nature of SEND THIS COUPON NOW. City.Slate Zip

the royal discourse on government.

In the Book of Mormon Benjamin clearly alludes to the Old World

rites the kingcoronation in which reNEW! COTTON W0 00 is treated like on earth, God

ceiving the rich offerings and awed %* g4* merry makes divinity; reserved foracclamations A'"J AU CHRISTMAS milk royal theand he also emphasizes FOR THE

obligation to assure victory and ENTIRE FAMILY more for the heprosperity land. While

A Lasting Gift delicious the of these valuerecognizes

Pero instant cereal beverage is things, Benjamin's whole speech FAMILY NIGHT RECORD BOOK made from roasted barley and is devoted to giving them a special Keep a Permanent Record of rye, contains no caffein. Everytwist—the homage and the offerYour Family Home Evenings one in the family will enjoy it,

ings are very well, but they are for Minutes of Meeting, Plus Important Famserved hot or cold.

the heavenly king, not for Benjaily, Historical and Church Happenings 1% oz. (35 cups) 39c

to or Money Order Check Send for or 10 3.50

a man; victory min, who is only Size x 8V2 NIGHT FAMILY cups) 1.39 (150 Full Year1 7 oz. Records follow, will surelyand prosperity RECORD BOOK for or 5.00 4 Per $2.00 Copy

East So. 3120 Including postage 35c small on they not from him but 3979 Tax Addbut come

City, Utah 84117 Salt Lake and Postage ton, size; 55c on large 33 Z xk%size cartax God. from in Utah.

In a study entitled "The Refusal of the Kingship as a Characteristic of Royal Authority in the Old Testament,"K.-H. Bernhardt has

shown at great length that it was the custom for the king in Israel from very early times to deliver a

CO. JEWELRY

formal address on government at

DA 2-1039 42WEST2ND. SOUTH

his coronation, in which he would SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

DECEMBER 1965 1167 formally renounce the idea of For a while it was disputed kingship as accepted by all the whether the order of battle in the rest of the ancient world, specifyMilhama Scroll was not merely anNEW!

ing that he was merely a humble idealized picture of some imagiinstrument in the hands of God, nary angelic army of the future, the real King. Thus Israel shared but today it is conceded that the

the prevailing Oriental forms of men of Qumran really did follow the coronation while giving them a military discipline.

a very special meaning. 34 This is

exactly what we have at the enFOOTNOTES thronement of Mosiah. Bernhardt *T. E. S. Thompson, in Ed. Bacon

gets a good deal of his evidence (ed.), Vanished Civilizations (N.Y.:

from the Old Testament himself; McGraw2iIbid., Hill,pp. 166-8.1963), p. 146.

yet it took the perspicacity of a =C. Gordon, Before the Bible (N.Y.:

modern scholar to discover, in Harper & Row, 1962), p. 85; a recent

discovery "of the greatest interest."Cf.

1961, the institution and the idea Helaman 7:10.

which are so clearly set forth in Tha'labi, Quissas alAnbiyah (Cairo, 1921). Such a device is depicted as

the Book of Mormon. the emblem of the legendary divinity

And speaking of conflicting conwho led the first migration to Egypt; E.

Massoulard, Prehistoire et Protohistoire cepts of government, we should d'Egypte (Paris: Institut d'Ethnologie,

point out that at the time Lehi left 1949), p. 489. See our article, "The

Liahona's Cousins,"in The Improvement

Jerusalem, the ancient world was Era, 64 (February 1961), pp. 87ff.

experiencing, as the most signifi- "SeeCh. 25, pp. 273291 in the 1964

edition of H. Nibley, An Approach to the

cant aspect of the "Axial Period,"Book of Mormon (Salt Lake City: Des-

a major cleavage between two eret Book).

philosophies of life, the one exIbid.,"T. Proskouriakoff,p. 187. An Album of Maya

cluding the supernatural of "the Architecture (Norman, Oklahoma: Uniother world"from its calculations versity4, discussesof Oklahoma,the phenomenon.1963), pp. xvxvi,

Era, Smith, Improvement 30R. it in The other the including in any SENTINEL IN and 316ff. Cf. Alma pp. 57 (May 1954), experito explain attempt human ll:4ff. THE EAST ence. This cleavage between what 31H. H. Paper, in Journal of American

Society, Archeologicat 72 (1953), pp. called the the Greeks Mantic (in169f.

of Installation by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. spired, 32Nathan HaBabli, "The prophetic) the Sophie and

(naturalistic, intellectual) was to AnbiblicalExilarch,"HebrewCh.LiteratureX of B. (Philadelphia:Halper, PostLife of Colonel Thomas L. Kane,

noble friend of the Saints, who mark the history of Western Jewish Publication Society of America, in themet Mormons 1846 in thought forever after. It split Vol.1943),I (1946),pp. 6468;pp. 3740,the Hebrewunder thetextsameinIowa, Johnston's mediated who

Army and the Utah War. A Civil Lehi's family down the middle, title.

to the Book of Mors3See An Approach Pennsylvania. hero fromWar The and they took it with them to the 247ff ( 1964 ed. ), pp. mon statue of the in the rotundaman

of the Utah State Capitol. Also New World: (48) nowhere can a4K.-H. Bernhardt, Das Problem der

AlKonigsideaologie Altorientalischen imincluded lucid lecone and telling find more

Brill, Testament ten (Leiden: E. J. origture, THE isMORMONSKane's famousin its expositions the Mantic and of both Chap. VI. 1961),inal face type $3.95

the Sophie views than in the pages (To be continued) of the Book of Mormon.

Nicholas G. Morgan, Sr. The Book of Mormon opens "And when he had said these

513 Walker Bank Bldg. windows on a number of strange words, he himself also knelt upon

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 and forgotten customs and tradithe earth; and behold he prayed

Father, things the the and are just tions that being unto now or a check I enclose money order written, cannot be prayed he which light. to Moroni's (49)

, sales broughttotal including $ record did bear multitude and the tax where applicable. mustering of the hosts certainly who heard him.

follows the old Jewish pattern as "And after this manner do they

Name first brought to the world's attenbear record: The eye hath never

tion in the socalled Battle Scroll, seen, neither hath the ear heard,

Address with its inscribed banners and before, so great and marvelous things as we saw and heard Jesus

City. highsounding slogans and the speak unto the Father."

rending of the people's garments. (3 Nephi 17:1516.)

State Zip Residents of Utah please add 3V2% sales tax

A Final Report ( Continued from page 1093 Letters from the missionaries writing home ring with the spirit of the Pavilion. Here are a few excerpts:

"I saw a young woman looking at the Book of Mormon display. I

asked her if I could answer any questions. She said that she was

greatly moved by our Pavilion. She

was caught in the Spirit, for she had tears in her eyes. It appeared

as though the Holy Ghost had just borne witness to her that the gospel is here upon the earth, and she had found it in the Pavilion."

"The man said that as he sat watching our movie, a sudden feeling of peace and comfort came over him, the first he had felt in years. He was so impressed by the

testimonies of the missionaries and the standards of the Church that he What an opportune time to start your plan of saving allowed us to teach him. We bapregularly/ Whether your special goal is to send your son on

tized him three weeks later."

"It seems this family had been a mission... to prepare for your retirement years... or to

told by their neighbors to visit our establish that important reserve of cash... you'll appreciPavilion. The father became quite ate AMERICAN'S high earnings with savings insured to

excited and asked for someone to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurancevisit their home right away. Needless to say, we taught them the six Corporation. Stop in or write the office nearest you!

discussions and baptized them all. SAVE THE AMERICAN WAYThat was early last summer, in SET YOUR GOAL AND GET IT—

1964, and now he is president of his elders quorum."

"She called us later to say she read the book and knew that every true. the her gave wasword We ASSOCIATION LOAN & tolddiscussions, but her husband

11 City, Main, Utah South Salt Lake 84 63 HOME OFFICE: lose theher she him and would City, Dt., Salt Lake OFFICE: Highland Utah 84106 2186 HOUSE SUGAR

children if she joined the Church. GRANGER OFFICE: 2727 West 3500 South, Salt Lake City, Utuh 841 IV

for with her prayed and fastedWe to she decidedtwo days. And be HAWAIIHonolulu,DIVISIONALHawaii OFFICE:96812 915 Fort St., Box 3859,

baptized! As she related it to us, KAIMUKI OFFICE: 1 142 12th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii 96816

the spirit and love of the Pavilion, HILO OFFICE: 1 20 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii 96720

plus her testimony of the Book of KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King St., Honolulu, Hawaii 96819

Mormon, cannot be denied. She is KAPIOLANI OFFICE: 1602 Kapiolani Blvd., Honolulu, Hawaii

now a baptized member, along WAIKIKI OFFICE: 2113 Kalakana Ave, Honolulu, Hawaii

with her children. I'm sure her

husband will follow, as he is now attending Sunday meetings and ATTENTION BISHOPS other church activities with them."

"The girl was so impressed with GENEALOGY PROBLEMS???

the Pavilion that she brought her family back a few days later. We ZIONS COLOR INC.

taught them the discussions very quickly, and they all asked for HAS A PROGRAM WHICH baptism. Their favorite spot at the CAN PUT A

Fair is the Mormon Pavilion, because it brought them to the truth."

"This brother and sister said they J3ooU \Dp zJiem&nihem&nibvciirce had wanted to know more of what

Pavilion, but thethey had seen in page) following on (Continued r JUfllLa *- IN EVERY HOME y-3 III irTiTl*3 2991 West 3500 South

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 2933491

DECEMBER I96S 1169 (Continued from preceding page) such a vehicle... and they came,

tens upon tens of thousands. They

she was leaving on a tour of were teachable, much more teachEurope. We explained to her how able when they came to us than if

important it was to continue readwe had gone to them as in the past.

ing, and to live the standards of the The Pavilion has given us a new

Savior's church, and to pray. And vision of missionary work. We

whom should she meet on the stand at the exciting point of displane home but a BYU excursion. covery."

As the plane reached New York Elder Brockbank backs this up, harbor, and the Statue of Liberty adding that the old element of prejwas in sight, the entire group burst udice against the Church in the out singing 'My Country 'Tis of East has nearly been eliminated.

Thee,'and she said it was then she He points out that the warm acPrices knew the Church was true and ceptance of missionaries at the door are LOW theseshe belonged."were her people with whom hasas a beenresult immeasurablyof church participationincreased

in Idaho "When the first elders looked up in the Fair.

this woman at the Pavilion, she said He also points to a broadening of all styles L.D.S. include 50 temple Some in this interested. participation she wasn't church kind However,

in latest designs parchments. white and

Pavilion forgot to missionary work: "Our make note of it on of other they albums, Matching napkins, Mormon

accessories. One day rush order service. her referral card, and my comfar exceeded any anticipation. We

panion and I accidentally looked have been delighted with the reher up again. This time a different sults, and we have learned much

woman answered the door—the from this experience. We now know

daughter of the first (they both a good deal more about how to samples, for catalog Send 25c & refunded have the same name). It was she blend visual aids with the spiritual

if air mail desired.) order. (50c on first

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 who had filled out the card and testimonies of the priesthood.

sought the missionaries. After the We've learned to simplify our apName six discussions we baptized her. proach, to stay with first principles,

Address The mistake of the first elders was to preach the gospel of Christ in a

City. Zone, State - truly a blessing. When the Lord vivid and forceful manner and still

watches over people, he doesn't let keep this a pleasant experience for mistakes keep them out."everyone. We now look to making

spiriexpanded use of this knowledge so many these practices."at and GIVE the GIFT tual"Thereexperienceshave beenwhile working

OF MORE the Pavilion that I will never forget But perhaps the best underthem. I personally enjoy the places standing of the Church's tenancy

in in tour the at the as guides, we, where meaning Fair, and its LEISURE TIME tell times, the these these swiftmoving people, can comes T know things are true, and I know that from the Prophet David O. McKay

all of you, too, can come to have as he says:

that same knowledge if you will "With the recent closing of the pray and ask God, with a sincere New York World's Fair, the Church heart and real intent, and he will completed one of the most unique manifest it to you just as he has to and effective missionary efforts in me and to many others.'its history. Dual

?an'anitronicuu gleanedOne offromthe thenoteworthyelders is factsthe many"Nearlyfaithssixandmillionfrom manypeople,lands,of

youthfulness of the families and visited the church Pavilion during

Write for information of the individuals coming into the the twoyear period of its operaChurch as a result of their contact tion; and all were impressed by

South State 1639 exhibits, dignified beautiful the Pavilion. C. with the and Wilburn

City, Salt Lake Utah assistant excellent director film the Search "Man's of the Pa84115 West, by vilion and former president of the for Happiness,"and perhaps most

EVERY LIBRARY - WARD OR HOME Eastern States Mission, points out of all by the spirit and testimony,

Should have bound copies of the that the Pavilion has created a humility and dedication of the misgreat breakthrough in missionary sionaries and others who were

ERA work along the Atlantic Coast and assigned to work at the Pavilion.

Only $2.50 for a heavyduty high quality especially with young people who "We are deeply grateful to the

binder. Indexes free with binders. are breathing new life and vibrance Honorable Robert Moses, president

into the programs of the Church. of the Fair, and his associates for

Order from Says he: "We have discovered that their assistance and cooperation. He

The Improvement honest people will come to us if and many others have voiced the we provide the vehicle for them to opinion that ours was one of use. The Mormon Pavilion was just the truly outstanding exhibits at the

79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1

1170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

For High Quality Reproductions of

GENEALOGICAL RECORDS WILLS Fair. are grateful, too, to ceeding President B. We William

PRICE MANUSCRIPTS SHEETSthose of our members own Martin, with who served whom he other as PROPOSALS and worked so diligently and devotedly first counselor. New counselors are CAMERAREADY COPY and

to the Pavilion the make success Elders Ronald James Dixon and in bringingit was and E. a new Evans. better John Elder LeGrand W. Printing of

HISTORIES THESESunderstanding of Mormonism to Sadler was sustained as a patriarch. FAMILY

BULLETINS BOOKLETS andthe world.

other COMMERCIAL PRINTING "From comments and inquiries the request {[At of the First At Reasonable Pricesreceived from hundreds of thouour congregations m Presidency sands of visitors, it is evident that prayed for peace in the world.

many hearts were touched by the Elder A. Reed Halversen susmessage of the restored gospel of tained as president of Weber

Jesus Christ as presented there."( Utah ) Stake succeeding President

Dale T. Browning. Elders John G.

Grondel and John J. Zundel susPHONE 3591732 Area 801

tained as counselors. President HalCECIL A. CARR

versen and Elder Lowell W. Ridges 163 East 2nd South

The Church Moves On were released as counselors in the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 ( Continued from page 1066 retiring presidency.

Parts of the conference were teleAlma H. Pettigrew, 67, longcast by 165 television stations and time general secretarytreas-

many radio stations including KSL urer of the Young Men's Mutual and WRUL, which shortwaved Improvement Association, passed the conference sessions worldwide away this morning at six in a Salt Mr. & Mrs. Richard McFedries

in several languages. Lake City hospital. Elder Pettigrew 203 So. Cordova Street

This evening the conference of began with the Mutual offices in Alhambra, California 91801 the Deseret Sunday School Union September 1925 and became secrewas held in the Tabernacle. tary in April 1929. Funeral services

were held October 29th. (See page ADDRESS LABELS 'I 00 The appointment of Elder 1082.)

LJ Rudger H. Walker, dean of FREE POSTAL AIDS

For you'll receive only 1000 $1, handsomelyBrigham Young University's President David ap- O. McKay ColPI return printed labels address of plus a giftlege of Biological and Agricultural pointed additional postal stickers aid two counto help keep mail your

Sciences, to the priesthood church selors—President Joseph Fielding movingand Fragilesmoothly.labels Airare Mail,brightSpecialcolors Deliveryto comattention.welfare labels Nameand-address mand announced. committee was of the Smith of Council the Twelve,

printed paper, on padded and gummed of The appointment Elder B. Isaacson, Elder Jay and Thorpe an are kit. reusable in a packed handy Use them

A. Quealy, Jr., of Honolulu, reassistant to the Twelve—to serve toSendmark$1 mail,to Nameschecks,'N'books,Places, phono114 Southrecords.Los

cently released as president of the with him in the First Presidency. Robles Ave., Dept. E, Pasadena, Calif. 91101.

Southern Far East Mission, to the (See page 1078.)

priesthood home teaching committee was announced. Taylorsville West Stake was IDAHO FALLS Jbme/odge

The appointment of Elder James organized from parts of Tay-

M. Paramore, secretary of the stake lorsville (Utah) Stake by Elders / J When attending the Idaho

Falls Temple,missionary of the committee Richards LeGrand Richard and

Falls Idaho stay at theTRAVELODGE L. 'stfW*church missionary to department, Evans of the Council of the Twelve. close convenient and—

the priesthood missionary comElder Richard A. Barker was susSpecial rates for excursions.—Temple open all

mittee was announced. tained as president with Elders day Saturdays.—Phone or write for reserva-

P. Richard Lindsay R. tions. and David

255 E Street as Campbell counselors. Oquirrh East Stake was orPresident Falls, Idaho

ganized from parts of Oquirrh Seymour J. Godfrey was retained as Ph. 5232960Idaho

(Utah) Stake with President Wilpresident of Taylorsville Stake with liam B. Martin, who was serving as Elders Clarence R. Campbell and

president of Oquirrh Stake, susMarvin L. Steadman as counselors. IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

tained as stake president. His counElder Garth H. Rudd and counAids in treatment of Canker, simple

selors are Elders Douglas H. selors, Elders Floyd E. Batman and sore throat and other minor mouth

Jenkins and Charles R. Canfield. J. Kenneth Doty were sustained as

The stake, 410th now functioning the presidency of Columbia River and throat irritations.

in the Church, was organized unStake succeeding President Byron der the direction of Elder Mark E. V. Munford and his counselors, HALL'S REMEDY

Petersen of the Council of the Elders Raymond L. Kirkham and Salt Lake City, Utah

Twelve and by Elder William J. Willis L. Smith.

Critchlow, Jr., assistant to the Elder Billy Dean Wilson susTwelve. tained as second counselor to VIDA FOX CLAWSON TRAVEL SERVICE

Elder Carl E. Petterson sustained President Orren J. Greenwood suc216 S. 13th E., SIC, Utah. Phone 3280303

as president of Oquirrh Stake, succeeding Elder Kenneth A. Brady. The place where you will receive

the most expert travel advice.

Tours everywhere.

Tours to HAWAII every month

DECEMBER 1965 1171 &tik MEICHIZEDEK PR ESTHOOD

Bishop Harold W. Schreiber, Eldredge Ward,

Granite Park Stake, reflects on events of this year and sets goals for 1966.

A Bishop looks at 1965

I look at the four walls of my little office in the wasn't responding, he called the attention of the ward building and survey in my mind the events quorum group leader to the failure. The result was

which have crowded into this small space. I think of that the home teachers of that family spent at least

the interviews I have had with troubled members. one visit showing the family how to use the family

I am humbled when I realize that with more frequency record sheets. This visit for this purpose became a

than I could hope for, there has been help come regular part of home teaching.

from the whispering of the Spirit to give these good After all, what is more important to the spiritual people correct advice. health and happiness of a family than to be busy with

I have had the most help from the home teachers. genealogical records? The home teachers suggested

Most of them have been anxious about their assigned that family night would be a good time to do this families and have kept me informed through their work. Once a month most of our families use an hour

priesthood leader on home conditions about which of that meeting to review their genealogical work.

I should know. This new youth missionary work needs constant

In the oral evaluations I have taken from the priestattention. The seventies'group leader has taken that

hood leaders, I have encouraged them to have the worry entirely off my mind. He meets the young folks,

home teachers under their charge develop a feeling he organizes their efforts, he makes it easy for them about the "tone"of the family and its members, the to have the special events they need to succeed. He

measure of the spirit in the home, how each one felt is especially helpful in making sure that parents of the about the gospel and the Church, if each were taking nonmember youth are properly approached by the advantage of its facilities, if any were ill and if so, stake missionaries. I am confident now that there

to have the home teacher ready to anoint and bless the are no loose ends in this program. Young folks are

sick. That service to the family often means that one truly a proper part of the missionary effort. This

call is not enough, but many calls are required. How seventy meets regularly with the MIA leaders on their

the quorum members have increased in love of one ansocial events so that they can be informed of the best other as they ministered to their fellow members is one way to asist the youth missionaries in their work.

of the finest results of this year. Up until this year I was spending much of my

The regular weekly meetings of the ward priesthood time handling welfare problems and programs. The

executive committee have served to correlate more elders'president is an ideal man to take much of the effectively the work of reactivation. load from my back. The elders are the most numerous

It took considerable persuasion to convince the in the ward. They usually are the youngest and most

group leaders they should arrange a regular time to vigorous. The quorum can easily do the detailed work

receive an oral evaluation from each home teacher, of assisting the poor, helping with projects for widows, but once it was established and the teachers could feel and turning out in early mornings for the welfare its regularity, they responded much better. I was farm program.

happy over the increase to oral evaluations. The It used to be that my conselors and I spent most

teacher may call at the home, but until the bishop can of our evenings calling people to personal service.

know the condition found there, the teacher isn't Not any more. The elders do it.

helping the bishop. I feel the increasing need of I think with satisfaction of the time we needed the

effective oral evaluation with my priesthood leaders pole beans picked. The large number of Melchizedek

for this purpose. Priesthood present from our ward was due to the

With the regular meetings of the ward council, I elders'presidency. They pulled in the group leaders

have now a nearly perfect setup for the information of seventies and high priests to bring their share of

I need to handle most of the ward problems. men. That early morning it looked like a beehive,

The executive committee has done more than home and the majority was from our ward. It seems to me

teaching. The high priests'group leader has given that the service made the brethren happier, and the

real life to genealogy. He urges the ward members beans were picked.

to look up the records of their people. Last fall our Next year is going to be a pleasure. We've corrected

ward had better than forty percent of the families defects in our team in 1965. Now watch us as we

turn in at least one family record sheet. If a family really serve our people in 1966.

DECEMBER 1965 1173 many opportunities the Church offers the youth.

Sixteen years ago I was born into this world. I

was given to two wonderful parents who were to UdUun guide, direct, and train me so that someday I would Clark Atkin Chamberlain, the son of

Shyrl C. and Doris Atkin Chamberlain, be worthy to return to my Father in heaven and dwell

in born 18, 1949, was May Caliente, again with him. My, spirit was given to my parents

Hurricane, Nevada. grew up in He

Utah. to train here on earth, but not without aids. These

Clark, a priest in the Aaronic Priestaids the Church provides.

hood, has been a seminary officer for the past two years. He has also been Almost 13 years ago I was put into the hands of

very active in the genealogical program wonderful teachers in the Primary and Sunday of the Church and is a Sunday School instructor in the Hurricane North School, and they began to teach me a few of the

Ward, Zion Park Stake. simple principles of the gospel, such as love of my

Father in heaven and a child's knowledge of prayer.

Later in my life, as I advanced and grew, physicallyBY CLARK ATKIN CHAMBERLAIN as well as mentally and spiritually, I began to quesThere is a quotation which says, "Opportunity tion things pertaining to the gospel that as a child knocks but once."However, to a certain extent this I had accepted with blind faith. But without opposiquotation has been disproved. In the Church, opportion things would never grow. With the help of teachtunity keeps knocking 24 hours a day, 365 days a ers, leaders, prayer, and my parents'patience and

year. President Lorenzo Snow said that there is no understanding, I soon overcame this doubt and again

limit to the amount one can achieve: "As man now is, gained faith and a testimony of the truthfulness of

God once was; as God now is, man may be."{Biogthis everlasting gospel. This faith was not blind, but

raphy and Family Record of Lorenzo Snow, p. 46.) a faith gained through searching for the truth.

With this in mind, take a moment and think of the After graduation from Primary, many other opporgo to Sunday School, on Thursday to Primary, and so on. I was born in the Church and had attended

church in the same chapel all my life. I hardly knew it'iiduMt

there was a different way of life. There were never

Randall Don Smith was born in any temptations, such as smoking and drinking, beFalls, Idaho, 25, January Idaho 1951, cause all my friends had the same beliefs as I did. Smith. Bonnie of Donald the and son

He moved to Arroyo Grande, California, \ Then the company for which my father worked transto Los Angeles in 1962; in 1961; and ferred him, and my life changed! Florida, in 1963. to Beach, Daytona

He is in the ninth grade at Central Our first stop was a small town on the California is a scout School, Junior and High in coast, and it was here I first attended meetings in a in the a teacher troop 455, Boy Scout

Aaronic Priesthood in Daytona Beach branch. It was a surprise to find that all towns are

Stake, Ward, Orlando a member of the not made up of mostly LDS people. It was here I

missionary Priesthood youth Aaronic committee, and a seminary student. became of scouting age, and since unfortunately no Jh A program was offered by the branch, I scouted for a

while with the Episcopalians.

After a year's time we were on the move again, this time to Los Angeles. Although members of our

BY RANDALL DON SMITH faith were more numerous there, the meetinghouses #Four years ago my family and I moved from a city larger, and a temple of the Lord located in the city, in Idaho. This city was an average western city, bestill my friends were unfamiliar with the Mormons.

ing predominantly populated with Latterday Saint Our stay was brief, and in six months we were on the people. All of my friends and neighbors belonged to move again, this time to "sunny Florida."

our ward, and only a few people on the block did not. Daytona Beach proved to be a fairly large city, but

On Sunday all the kids in the neighborhood would I was surprised to find a riotso-large group of Mor1174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA timities for my personal development offered themopportunity of sharing my testimony with those of selves. This was a turning point in my life, because my own age. And most important, it gave me someat the same time I was graduated from the security thing to live up to. The seminary teachers and leaders

of grammar school, and I was a little frightened of are among some of the most dedicated, humble, and what the future had in store for me. Upon my graduawonderful people that can be found anywhere in the

tion from Primary I was ordained a deacon, and world, and with their guidance you just can't go far during the last four years while being a priesthood wrong.

bearer, I have become certain about my future goals. Recently I was given the opportunity of teaching

This was only the beginning of the opportunities a Sunday School class, and I have learned what a for development that came my way. MIA came after rewarding experience teaching children can be. I have

Primary, and with it a chance for social contact with grown to appreciate even more the time and hard my friends and companions. This gave me the opporwork and dedication that all of my previous teachers

tunity to see them use their testimonies, abilities, and have given to their classes. In the future I would

talents. More important, it gave me the opportunity like to give two or three years of my life teaching

of sharing my talents and abilities with others. our wonderful gospel to the people of the world so

When I turned fourteen another great opportunity that someone else can be afforded the opportunities came my way. I had the chance to take a Book of that I have had and will have.

Mormon class in seminary, and I decided to take it. Yes, the Church offers me something special—the

It turned out to be one of the most rewarding exopportunity for me to become a leader. To some

periences in my life. Seminary not only provides the "opportunity knocks but once,"but I am a Latterday

opportunity to try out leadership ability, but also to Saint. All it takes is a quick turn of the knob, and

try to get along with other points of view. It gave me I can take hold of an opportunity to develop and

a chance to practice giving talks in class, Sacrament advance one more step towards my ultimate goal.

meetings, and other church meetings. It gave me the This I believe.

mons. They were meeting in an old army barracks, There was a church building supervisor there to

and only about a hundred members were present at tell us when the ditch was too small or too large, branch meetings. I soon felt, however, a certain feelbut we did the digging. We needed some help, of

ing of welcome which is found in most Mormon wards course, but a lot of the labor was done by the memand branches, but it seemed much stronger here. bers of the branch. Our branch is now a ward and

After living here for little more than a month, we has a beautiful chapel soon to be dedicated.

were fullfledged members, working and worshiping In my school there are only two boys who are as part of the branch. members of the Mormon Church. This sometimes

Here I found a certain spirit which I had never felt makes it a little hard to explain where you go for an before. It was a feeling of being a part of things. hour every morning before school. This also means

Previously, there had always been enough men and there are many more temptations around me than boys to do all the duties of the priesthood. Here ever before. Many people in the school have either

there were only two deacons, so we passed the Sacranever heard of the Mormons or think they were just ment every Sunday, distributed songbooks, helped some people in the history books who went across usher, kept the building clean, and mowed the lawn. the plains and were forgotten.

This increased activity really gave a boost to my We are now a ward and are already feeling growtestimony. Also, being around fulltime missionaries ing pains in our new chapel. Classes are being diwho labored in our area and seeing converts come vided, extra chairs are needed, and more and more

into the Church and become active had strengthened people are coming to meetings. Living in this small

my testimony and made me start thinking of going on ward has helped me gain a testimony and under- a mission to see firsthand what it is like. stand it better. It has showed me that we are a

When it came time to build a chapel, guess who different people and that there are many people who did it? The members! One Saturday morning a few must be taught the gospel. It is our duty to live the

of the boys and men started to dig the foundation. gospel and teach these people. This I believe.

DECEMBER 1965 1175 TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

U76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Christmas spirit creeps into our consciousness, as Greataunt Minnie died, and another new one was not in one day, not in one act, but gradually as an added with Joe's marriage. Constant changes taking

autumn day changes into winter, and as a smile place, constant plans being made for that most wonlightens a dull face. Twelve days of Christmas? That, derful of all days, Christmas.

and more. The word wonderful describes Christmas. It is a

Christmas really began last January as the holiday time of wonder—"with wondering awe the wise men

ornaments were dusted and polished and lovingly saw the star in heaven springing."Full of awe and

put away for the coming December. It began when full of wonder, even the angels praised that first

a bauble was picked up at a bargain sale with next Christmas: "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth

Christmas in mind, when a vacation to a faroff land peace, good will toward men."(Luke 2:14.) And tobore unusual gifts to be tucked away for that special day we praise this day of days. Ugliness is changed

day, when leisure minutes throughout the year were to beauty everywhere. A corner lot is transformed

spent with a needle in hand or sly measurements from a barren eyesore to a fairyland of Christmas were taken for a surprise handknit sweater. There trees, windows shine with color, leafless trees change

has been an awareness each day, and a mental note to a silver filigree, mounds of debris become a fluffy taken, as to the likes and desires of those loved ones white hill, love and tolerance take the place of hate around us. Jim has a suppressed desire for a certain and envy on every face. The world glows and everykind of ski hood, Mary for a blueas-thesky wool thing shouts, "Peace on earth, good will toward men."

dress; Aunt Josie has a longing for a pink blouse; and Why can't selfish men in top government places

Dad innocently expressed a wish for a queershaped change and carry this message to every corner of the wrench. A December baby was looked forward to land and make it have lasting meaning?

from way last spring. So, long before the precious

bundle arrived, a tentative name was added to the Say "Merry Christmas"this year with sincerity. It

Christmas list. A name was reluctantly crossed off can be said in so many ways as simple as:

<ja smile X}*a kind word lTan unexpected gift -ja thoughtful act j-a quick glance

JJa handclasp "&a pat on the back iLa note a child's hug ia soft murmur "&an invitation -ja resolution Q& surprise visit *fo a person caring -a family uniting.

DECEMBER 1965 1177 Wonder what ANOTHER WAY TO SAY Punch Jelly to serve "MERRY CHRISTMAS"when you have Use your special talent for cook41 packagecups bottledpectinHawaiian punch ing in an unusual way to extend 6 level cups sugar friends in? the season's greetings. Dainty

cookies in a round ice cream carMeasure the punch juice into a ton that has been decorated with large kettle. Add the pectin. Stir

cutout pictures from last year's well. Place over hottest heat; bring

Christmas cards are always welto boil, stirring constantly. Add

come. A glass of jelly wreathed the sugar. Mix well. Continue

in holly, a jar of pickles tied with stirring and bring to full rolling red ribbon, a wreath made of boil. Boil exactly 2 minutes. Rewrapped hard candies tied thickly move from the heat. Skim caresmall tree decorated Christmas Cover with melted paraffin at Why not on a roundedout clothes hanger, a fully. Pour into hot sterilized jars. once. crackers with animal and tiny

lights emphasized with small red tryPostum? bows, a new kettle filled with Almond Nut Balls

packages of soup mixes, a can with a tight lid painted red and filled 3A cup butter with a homemade pastry mix, a 1 cup powdered sugar new broom tied with a green and 1 teaspoon vanilla red bow hanging from each ribbon V2 teaspoon almond extract streamer, a can of allpurpose sea- 2 tablespoons milk fe m soning, and a.can of powdered % cup finely chopped almonds

horseradish all say a special "Merry 2 cups flour

Christmas."Bottles of exotically Instant 1 flavored vinegar bound together Cream the butter, sugar, flavorings

with ribbon add zest to any kitchtogether; add the milk and flour

en. A quart jug filled with shelled and salt sifted together. Form into

balls in almonds size of almonds pounds each the of a large (2 mar-

C E ft ble. shell E A BEVERAGE the will give Place you this cookie a buttered on MT

No Caff,ein greenamount);maraschinosmall bottlescherriesof redtiedandto sheetoven untiland bakeslightlyin a browned.325 degreeRollF.

the fruit of ends a in powdered sugar and store in cov- a bow wrapping i s cake; squatty, a clear ered container. round,

crystal container filled with crisp, seasoned cereal mix all make exSeeded Moons citing Christmas gifts. (will make about 100 cookies)

RECIPES THAT CAN BE 1 cup butter

MADE INTO GIFTS 1 cup sugar 1 egg, well beaten Holiday Chili Sauce 1 teaspoon vanilla

Flavorful, hearty Postum 1 teaspoon orange extract just naturally encourages 3 number 2 x/2 cans of tomatoes 2 tablespoons grated orange rind good talk among friends. 2 green peppers Vz teaspoon salt

Made with pure, 31 largecup vinegaronions V22 teaspooncups flour,bakingapproximatelysoda energyfood ingredients 1 tablespoon salt 1 4-ounce package of sesame seeds and no caffein, Vz teaspoon pepper

Postum gives youanatural lift. F/2 teaspoons cloves Cream the butter, sugar, egg, flaYou can drink all you like. 1 teaspoon cinnamon vorings, and grated rind together

If you haven't tried V2 teaspoon allspice until light. Sift together flour, soda,

Instant Postum lately, Va1 tocupV2 browncup whitesugarsugar andDoughsalt.shouldStir bein andof a blendconsistencywell.

you're missing a satisfying, to knead. Form a ball, wrap in

bracing drink. Put the tomatoes, peppers, and wax paper, and chill. Roll out one

You'll enjoy its natural lift. onions through the food grinder. teaspoon of dough at a time into

Add other ingredients, and simmer a small ball. Roll in sesame seeds

The Natural Lift carefully until of the desired conand place 2 inches apart on a

Send name and address sistency. Stir often so that it will cookie sheet. Bake at 350 degrees

not burn on the bottom. Pour into F. about 10 minutes or until deliforfree Postum recipes to: hot sterilized bottles and seal. Keep cately golden brown. Remove from

Postum Recipes, all open jars in refrigerator. cookie sheet to cool.

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

1178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Sego Lily—cherishedfor its delicate beauty, revered for its providential aid to the Pioneers.

Send for this picture in brilliant natural colors

YOURS FOR JUST 3 SEGO MILK LABELS

First offered 1 1 years ago during Sego Milk's 50th 3 tall cans of Sego Milk. Or send 3 labels to: Sego

anniversary, the picture is now reissued in reMilk, P. O. Box 934, Salt Lake City, Utah.

sponse to continuing demand. Note: Ifyour store does

Beneath the lithographed reproduction of the not have Sego Milk, 3 PETMilk labels will painting on its 11"x 15"mount, suitable for do as well.

framing, is a brief story of the part the Sego Lily played in the dramatic history of the West. PETMILK COMPANY

Get your free picture at your store when you buy MILK PRODUCTS DIVISION

DECEMBER 1965 1179

CONVENIENT CHRISTMAS SHOPPING Fresh Cranberry Conserve ( 7 glasses The whole family will like shopping at sugar cups to 2V2 fun that's and new Everything Auerbach's.

SMITHFIELD v/ater cups 2 for furnishings wonderful well as is here as wear TREMONTON LOGAN cups 4 ( 1 pound ) fresh for defree in Phone soon. your home. Come

cranberries livery in our large delivery area: 328-1 188 in

raisins 1 cup light in area, Ogden area, 8251607. BRlGHAM CiTY Salt Lake City

Vz slivered almonds cup; PERRY outlying Zenith area, 737 in Provo 3742780 WIILARD sliced Vz thinly candied cup

i HOT SPRINGS areas. Free delivery north to Tremonton and ginger

Richmond, east to Heber and Midway, west to to Payson south and Tooele, Grantsville and sugar, water, cranberries, Combine

I CLEARFIELD to Bring to orders Mail in a saucepan. points between. and raisins Provo, all IAYTON

then 25 minutes. Add simmer Auerbach's, Box 1465, Salt Lake City, Utah boil; | KAYSVIUEJfARMINGTON ginger, and simmer almonds and 84110. BOUNTIFUL

sterilized CITY into hot SAIT LAKE 1 Ladle minute. i SYSTEM SELECT THE THAT PAYMENT paraffin. glasses. jelly Seal with

JCT. S KIMBALL IS D YOU. FOR CONVENIENT MOST

MAGNA 5T CITY PARK *J KEARNSW i 1[MURRAY TV jct. |mill Christ- (to * decorate Cookies Sugar GRANTSVILIE TMIDVAIE J account Regular 30day

*\ DUGWAY

I [SANDY tree) mas CITY HEBER fs t**- DRAPER budget TOOELE Addon MIDWAY itEHI Ye of this limit, pay a credit on agree (you NORTH | FORK

PLEASANT GROVE Vz CAMERlCAN butter month). each cup amount

sugar 1 cup Wh YDl i ir EAST account V Contract PROVO JJ eggs, well beaten V. s ) purchases, low down payment ar- 2 (for larger f> k pv

salt with 6 months or longer to complete Vi teaspoon fORK ranged ySPANlSH SOUTH B payment). 2 baking powder teaspoons SALEM PAYSON

1 teaspoon vanilla Vz teaspoon lemon or orange extract STATE AND BROADWAY V/z cups flour, approximately

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Cream the butter; add sugar, eggs,

milk, flavorings, and 1 cup flour sifted with baking powder and salt. Add enough more flour to

make of a consistency to roll out.

Chill the dough, roll to Va inch thickness, and cut in varied shapes, such as stars, Christmas trees,

Santa Clauses, animals, birds, and halfmoons. Bake at 350 degrees F.

Do not brown. Decorate with colorful frostings and candies.

Candied Grapefruit Peel

Peel of one medium grapefruit 4V2 cups water 1 teaspoon salt \Vz cups granulated sugar

Wash, peel, and cut grapefruit peel into strips about 3 inches by Vz inch. Combine 3V2 cups water

with the salt and pour over the

DESERET NEWS rind in a bowl. Let stand about 10

hours. Boil peel in the same water

Is the in your home? for 10 minutes. Dissolve 1 cup CHURCH NEWS

until in 1 boil water; sugar cup

the Deseret weekEvery thread. the spins a the syrup ArH

brings News CHURCHDESERET NEWSNEWS Salt143 LakeSouth City,Main UtahStreet841 1 Section"Church News"

Latterday Saints together. Please send subscription information on the "Church News."drained peel and cook slowly 15

It is an official organ of the minutes. Remove from the syrup;

contains andChurch reports, Name lay on wax paper to dry for an instruction news that and should be in every L.D.S. home. Address hour. Roll each piece in remaining

It costs so little. Mail this sugar.

coupon now for information. City State.

11 so THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mormonism in the

Twentieth Century

by James B. Allen

and Richard O. Cowan

The authors give a brief resume of the history of the Church to the leWs. They then

present a comprehensive overview of the growth and development of the Church to the present time—the public image, the missionary program, the building program, the

Church and education, and many other topics.

It is very readable yet scholarly and would make a wonderful Christmas gift.

$1.50 plus 15c postage

EXTENSION PUBLICATIONS

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH 84601 Please send me copies of MORMONISM IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY.

Enclosed is a check or money order for $

NAME.

ADDRESS.

CITY STATE ZIP..

Q Please send me a free Extension Publications catalog.

HOME, SWEET HOME Jolly old Saint Nicholas leans his ear our way. The children areon tiptoe trying to make him hear BISHOPS!their wants. So much of the comStake Presidents, Home Owners ENJOY

mercial is here with us perhaps and Commercial Firms Too!that, as parents, our job this Christ- A

mas time is to instill in the hearts FUTURUSof our children beauty the FUN TOUR of A NEW Flooring that outwears amyChrist's "love message one an other."carpet or tile indoors or outdoors THIS YEAR! A family project for this holiday

season could be the listing of ex62-Day Orient Pacific Cruise: Japan,

amples of love shown by members Manila, Sydney, New Zealand, Papeete, in the home for others. A personal Honolulu, Statendam... From $1,840.

Bible could be given on Christmas Departs SFO Sept. 22, 1966.

eve to the child who did the most, 21 -Day Escorted Tour Air Spain, Portuin actual deeds, for others. Love gal, Mallarca. Departs Feb. 9, May 4.

can show on the outside by our Includes best hotels, air, tours, meals, awareness of the needs of those inclusive from N.Y.C.: $988.00.

around us and by our filling these needs. A tiny tot can pick up and 3 Year Guarantee Grand Tour Europe: 32Days. Best hohand to mother something she has Unique Safety for tels, meals, 11 countries. Departs May

dropped, a fiveyear-old can open Chapels, Fonts, Nurseries, Halls, Stairways, 17, all inclusive from New York:

the car door for an older person, a Classrooms and Offices. $1,238.00.

twelveyear-old girl can see the Protection from tiredness face in a neighbor's Gravel, Heat, Cold, and and Water, Snow, It For more information—write hour's childrentake Cannot Foot Traffic her for an Harm Heavy

walk, a teenager can realize how Distributorships Available CHRISTOPHERSON his parents are aboutconcerned

Write to Free Samples Forhis whereabouts and phone them TRAVEL to explain if he is unavoidably de290 West Centertained, a wife can see the longing FUTURUS, INC.

in her husband to feel needed and 1076 W. Ninth Street Box 43 Provo, Utah

lift him, a husband can fill a need Upland, Calif. - (714) 9825563

of a wife to feel special by giving her a sincere compliment. There

are countless opportunities each day to show love. And where is a BIND YOUR COPIES OF THE ERA IN LOOSELEAF FORM WITH AN

better place to begin than in the IMPROVEMENT ERA BINDER - ONLY $2.50

home? FBP The Improvement Era, 79 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

DECEMBER 1965 1181 Teaching im SAVio (Continued from page 1095) )JrVAMED.

to Moses and to Joseph Smith that

. God gave instructions to Adam and Visit The

Eve, and they likewise instructed flOLY their children in the things of God.

The account is recorded as follows "And Adam and Eve, his wife, called upon the name of the Lord, and they heard the voice of the

Lord from the way toward the Garden of Eden, speaking unto them, and they saw him not; for

they were shut out from his presFly to Europe, Holy Land, Africa, India, ence.

Asia, Egypt, Japan, Hawaii and more. "And he gave unto them com-

... Share the whole world with LDS mandments, tnat they should worTravel Friends. ship the Lord their God, and

should offer the firstlings of their

Write: B.Y.U. Travel Study flocks, for an offering unto the

Lord. And Adam was obedient Fly to the most meaningful experience of

Provo, Utah 84601 unto the commandments of the your life. Enjoy LDS Standards and

Lord. Friends.

"And after many days an angel of the Lord appeared unto Adam, Directed by Ellis Rasmussen

L. Green saying: Why dost thou offer sacriand Doyle

fices unto the Lord? And Adam

said unto him: I know not, save Write: B.Y.U. Travel Study

the Lord commanded me."(Moses Provo, Utah 84601

5:4-6.) This is the supreme example of faith in God and illustrates Adam's love for God and his desire to keep his commandments. It does not inStake Music Festival God.dicate that Adam was an enemy to

the then spake, angel "And of Combined Choirs is saying: This thing a similitude

SATB of the sacrifice of the Only BegotThanks to Thee, O Lord.30 ten of the Father, which is full of

Verdant Meadows 25 grace and truth.

Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring...25 "Wherefore, thou shalt do all

Before Jehovah's Mighty that thou doest in the name of the

Throne....35 Son, and thou shalt repent and call

Jesus Only 25 upon God in the name of the Son

The Lord's My Shepherd 25 forevermore."(Ibid., 5:7-8.)

Come, Come Ye Saints 20 This is a significant statement.

Jerusalem! O Turn Thee to "Thou shalt repent and call upon

the Lord 25 God."How often? As often as GIVE YOUR

SSA necessary because without repenFAMILY BETTER

As Angels in Heaven.30 tance the individual would lose the

Spirit of the Lord. The Lord does HEALTH THIS

RELIEF SOCIETY his to children turn not from want HOLIDAY all for suggested the Music can supplyWe him; conthey a keep and when Social for the Theology,special numbersScience and Literature lessons. trite and repentant spirit, his Spirit SEASON

Now Available continues with them, To continue:

Come Come Ye Saints—"And in that day the Holy Ghost

Madsen arr. SSA 25 fell upon Adam, which beareth On the next festive occasion let your family enjoyCome Come Ye Saints—record of the Father and the Son, rolls, bread, buns, cookies, and pastries made

Cornwall arr. SSAA 25 saying: I am the Only Begotten of withfor them.whole wheatYou'll flour.know Betterit's goodto eat,becauseand betteryou

the Father from the beginning, Writemade it.for Letdetailsyour onfamilyfour beModelsthe judgeLee Householdand jury.

henceforth and forever, that as Mills so your family can enjoy home made whole thou hast fallen thou mayest be wheatSpecial bakery,Whole richWheatin BFlourcomplexOffer vitamins.

redeemed, and all mankind, even 5 Lbs. Deaf Smith Flour $1.50

Music Co as many as will. 5 Lbs. Wisconsin Minnesota Flour 1.00

Box 2009 LEE ENGINEERING CO.

Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

1182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TWO GREAT TOURS!

"And in that day Adam blessed With W. Cleon Skousen as Your Guide

God and was filled, and began to prophesy concerning all the fami- 1. Book Of Mormon Lands Tour Departs Salt Lake City January 14, 1966

lies of the earth, saying: Blessed 16 exciting days!

be the name of God, for because Mexico City, Ancient Aztec Ruins, Guatemala, Mayan Villages, and of my transgression my eyes are many thrilling sights!

opened, and in this life I shall have 2. South America Tour Departs Mexico City January 29, 1966

joy, and again in the flesh I shall 26 sunsplashed days in Southern Hemisphere Summer!

see God. Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, Montevideo, Buenos Aires, Santiago, Lima

"And Eve, his wife, heard all and other fabulous places!

these things and was glad, saying: See ancient and modern South America in one breathtaking sweep!

Were it not for our transgression

IE 1265 never seed, should have had we

INC., TRAVEL MURDOCH never should have and St., known 14 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah, Phone: 3281161

good and evil, and the joy of our Gentlemen: please send me full particulars on the following tours:

redemption, and the eternal life (1) Book of Mormon Lands with W. Cleon Skousen

which God giveth unto all the 2 (2) South America with W. Cleon Skousen

obedient. "And Adam and Eve blessed the Name....

name of God, and they made all Address.

things known unto their sons and City Stale lip.

their daughters."(Ibid., 5:9-12.)

Then Moses recorded that Satan came among the posterity of Adam and Eve and proclaimed to them that he also was a son of God and persuaded some of them to disbelieve the things of God which

Adam and Eve had taught them.

It is recorded that because of this there were those who turned from believing the word of the Lord, "and they loved Satan more than

God. And men began from that

time forth to be carnal, sensual, and devilish."(Ibid., 5:13. Italics

added.) Note that the scripture

states men began from that time to be carnal, sensual, and devilish.

They were not that way because of birth into mortality. They were

not that way because of what Adam and Eve had done in partaking of the forbidden fruit. Only

those who loved evil and Satan, HOME STUDY, THE KEY TO KNOWLEDGE the author of evil, more than they as referred to were loved God Name Please send a devilish. sensual, carnal, and The Address

scripture does not indicate that all Free City State of Adam's children became carnal, HOME STUDY Zip Code sensual, and devilish, but only l Catalog HOME STUDY, k those who rejected the Lord and Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601 loved unrighteousness and wickedness more than that which is good.

(To be concluded)

ZION IN THE LAST DAYS

by Roy W. Doxey paper $1.25 FREE JOB PLACEMENT

WRONG FINGER ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD FOR GRADUATES "LD"busily Thomas by Stuart Ferguson her $3.95 husband upon Coming

If are planning a you shirt, his thesewing on a button wife not career but business do CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING or the time have money rethen a moment,watched for college, of for years Cutler, four Beverly cloth....$1,50 By Romney

marked, "The thimble's on the paper..$1.00 today.write for a free catalog

the "Yes I know,"finger."wrong

"It should answered.husband be CASEby EldinOF THERicksBOOK OF MORMON WITNESSES$1.50 Mr.RegistrationL. S. SaundersJan. 3, 1966on yours."

Business College PUBLISHING OLYMPUS 1 E. So.—CO. LDS41 Temple Sugar Station 6137, Box House

City, Salt Lake Utah City, Salt Lake Utah 84106

DECEMBER 1965 1183 AT CHILD A WINTER WINDOW A GIFT FOR EACH

D. MILLER QUEENA BY

BY MARGARET JEAN Through a breathmade peephole RUSSELL DUDLEY

In the window rime, He sees the outside world as other day I was busy The chalk. and Of ink sevenyear-old dishes, the my loves end; doing days He

It brings the time son came bouncing through the

For Fathers footsteps back door as only a second grader

On the frozen walk. can. He was about to explode with

And Father s coming home knowledge. It seems that in his

Dispels the gloom, science class at school he was

Like sudden lamplight studying about bees, and he began

In a darkened room. to tell me all about them. He

anxiously told me about the queen bee which is a girl bee and about the worker bee, a girl bee also. He

then told me about the drone bee, which, he said, was the boy bee.

This struck me funny and I poked 4 4 a little fun at the male of the speto the cies comparing him I THE by HE CAN WHO THINKS HE CAN SPOKEN I it quite a good thought drone.

a WORD I son joke, as I looked but at my could tell he didn't see the humor in it. He looked up at me and said,

RICHARD L. EVANS "Oh, gee, Mom, I guess I should

have been a girl."

Long remembered from years back was a book with an intriguing title: Right then I began to realize that

He can who thinks he can. The content we do not so much remember, most of his young life is influenced

but the title we recall because it was an indication of the faith and by women. He comes home from

courage and confidence required for accomplishment. "He can who thinks school each day to his mother and

he can."It could apply to almost any endeavor—to developing talents, to two sisters. All his teachers, church

improving performance, to learning; overcoming habits, repenting, even and school alike, are women. I

to moving toward perfection—toward it, if not to it. It is, in its own dried my hands and left the dishes.

way, a restatement of our inner resources, and suggests what a person can I took him by the hand and we do when he is under the wonderful necessity of trying to do something went into the front room. By this

for himself. Two men may be ill, with apparently somewhat the same time my fiveyear-old daughter

physical resources, one with a will to live and one without, and with had joined us, and she tagged an opposite outcome. Doctors have observed it often. The difference bealong. When we got to the front

tween two athletes may not be altogether physical; there may be an room, we all three sat down on the

added element of spirit of will, or morale, with the determination to couch.

succeed, to excel. Many accomplish much because they think they can, I told my son to put his hands

because they have faith they can. Many break habits because they are out in front of him, to turn them

convinced they can. The discriminating courage to say "no"at the right over and back and to study them

time and "yes"at the right time is of great consequence. Those who move closely. As he did this I told him

forward are those who have faith, who have confidence they can. the Lord had a very precious gift

The courage to undertake good but difficult things and to see them for him soon because he was a boy through, is a great quality of character. The Lord God meant us to and would soon be a man. I told

learn, to use our intelligence, to solve our problems, to decide for him soon those hands will be busy ourselves, to face up to facts. "The spirit of selfhelp,"said Samuel passing the Sacrament, baptizing,

Smiles, "is the root of all genuine growth in the individual; and, exetc. The Lord would give him this

of natural true it constitutes source the of the lives in many,hibited gift a and was because he was boy 1 are our best,'doing strength."is no use saying 'We earth. "It thisvigor and "said to the Lord's work on do

Winston Churchill. "You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary."2 All this time my daughter too

"The way for a young man to rise,"said Abraham Lincoln, "is to improve had been studying her hands and that wishes suspecting can, never anybody everyhimself her precious way he what to wanted to know in ourselves, believing will, to, with with wanting I said, dear,"hinder him."be. "Yes, 3 With gift would

and with believing in the help that can come from outside ourselves, "the Lord has a precious gift for "He can who thinks he can."you, too. Soon those hands of yours

will be busy, lovingly, tenderly,

Self Smiles,xSamuel Help gently holding a baby, your preChurchill Spencer2Winston 8Attributed to Abraham Lincoln cious gift from God.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia "You are both God's children,

Broadcasting System, October 24, 1965. Copyright 1965. and he loves you both."

1184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:: ".

.: &

T

ERA OF

YOUTH Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Gannon, Associate Editor

DECEMBER 1965 It is the time of Christmas.

To an LDS youth, Christmas should be more than celebrating. It should be a time of rejoicing, for in

this Church lies full knowledge and understanding of the real import of the Savior's birth, and of his death and resurrection as well.

Let us pause at this season to come to know

Jesus better. For to know him is to love him.

Knowing begins with the biblical question....

WHAT THINK YE?

1186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J dmdaL

: ',:sSPP "

*k OUR LORD THE CHRIST

The Man Supreme! effects of sin, source of life eternal.

In whom dwelt manhood in completeness and the The first to come forth from the tomb a fulness of the Godhead bodily. Resurrected Soul.

Under the Father's empowerment the Creator of The Conqueror of death and hell.

the heavens and the earth. He who shall come in like manner as He went

Jehovah, the Eternally Existing One, who is from and shall reign personally upon the earth everlasting to everlasting, the I Am of eternity past, with His Saints.

of time, and of eternity to come. He who shall deliver to the Father the cleansed

Whom the Father called His Chosen, His Beloved and purified earth, with its hosts of the redeemed,

Son, His Firstborn of spirits, His Only Begotten saying, "I have overcome and have trodden the in the flesh. winepress alone.... Then shall he be crowned

The Word who was in the beginning, who was with with the crown of his glory, to sit on the throne of

God, who was God, who was made flesh and his power to reign forever and ever."

dwelt among men. He has been repeatedly proclaimed by the Father's

Foremost of all who have trodden the earth with voice as the Son Divine, and from boyhood to mortal feet. sacrificial death solemnly avowed his own exalted

The Babe of Bethlehem, the Boy of Nazareth, status as that Son of Man. Prophets and apostles

the Man of Sorrows acquainted with grief. in both olden and modern days, and the "common

My Elder Brother and yours. people"who heard Him gladly, have reverently

The Teacher Preeminent. affirmed His divinity. Angels have sung and

He who was condemned as a malefactor, died as a demons shrieked His name as that of power mortal, rose as a God triumphant. and Godship.... James E. Talmage

Redeemer of the race from death, Savior from the (The Improvement Era, Dec. 1932, p. 69.)

DECEMBER 1965 1189—BEHOLD YOUR LITTLE ONES!

And he said unto them: Behold, my bowels are And it came to pass that when they had knelt upon

filled with compassion towards you. the ground, Jesus groaned within himself, and said:

Have ye any that are sick among you? Bring them Father, I am troubled because of the wickedness

hither. Have ye any that are lame, or blind, or halt, of the people of the house of Israel.

or maimed, or leprous, or that are withered, And when he had said these words, he himself also or that are deaf, or that are afflicted in any manner? knelt upon the earth; and behold he prayed unto

Bring them hither and I will heal them, for I have the Father, and the things which he prayed cannot compassion upon you; my bowels are filled with be written, and the multitude did bear record

mercy. who heard him. '

For I perceive that ye desire that I should show And after this manner do they bear record: The eye

unto you what I have done unto your brethren hath never seen, neither hath the ear heard, before, at Jerusalem, for I see that your faith is sufficient so great and marvelous things as we saw and that I should heal you. heard Jesus speak unto the Father;

And it came to pass that when he had thus spoken, And no tongue can speak, neither can there be all the multitude, with one accord, did go forth written by any man, neither can the hearts of men with their sick and their afflicted, and their lame, conceive so great and marvelous things as we and with their blind, and with their dumb, and with both saw and heard Jesus speak; and no one can

all them that were afflicted in any manner; conceive of the joy which filled our souls at the time

and he did heal them every one as they were brought we heard him pray for us unto the Father.

forth unto him. And it came to pass that when Jesus had made

And they did all, both they who had been healed an end of praying unto the Father, he arose;

and they who were whole, bow down at his feet, but so great was the joy of the multitude that they and did worship him; and as many as could come were overcome.

for the multitude did kiss his feet, insomuch that And it came to pass that Jesus spake unto them, they did bathe his feet with their tears. and bade them arise.

And it came to pass that he commanded that their And they arose from the earth, and he said unto little children should be brought. them: Blessed are ye because of your faith.

So they brought their little children and set them And now behold, my joy is full.

upon the ground round aboutrhim, and Jesus And when he had said these words, he wept, and stood in the midst; and the multitude gave way the multitude bare record of it, and he took their

till they had all been brought unto him. little children, one by one, and blessed them, and

And it came to pass that when they had all been prayed unto the Father for them.

brought, and Jesus stood in the midst, he And when he had done this he wept again;

commanded the multitude that they should kneel And he spake unto the multitude, and said unto down upon the ground. them: Behold your little ones.

(3 Nephi 17:6-23.)

11 90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

(0yv\J> IaMXL,

Last Christmas Eve I had the rare opportunity "Wherefore, be faithful; stand in the office which of being Santa Claus for a German immigrant

I have appointed unto you; succor the weak, lift family our seminary class was helping. When it

up the hands which hang down, and strengthen came time to deliver some presents, we needed a the feeble knees."Santa. I was the lucky fellow who took on the job.

(D&C 81:5.) I was hesitant at first, but when I walked in

that door and saw the smiling faces of those small

If we are to follow the pattern marked by the children, my doubts melted away. Those. little

Savior, we must be a lifter of mankind, a servant, children were so thankful and appreciative for just our brother's keeper. The following variations on one gift apiece that I realized right then and there

the theme "Strengthen the feeble knees"come how lucky I was to have so much. I also realized

to us from seminary students in the Salt Lake I was lucky to have this opportunity of assisting area. Youth learns from youth ways to walk his path, in bringing joy to this unfortunate family.

serve his cause, and bring joy to fellowmen. Believe me, it was one experience that I will

never forget.—Paul Warner

There are many ways in which people may be I have been appointed to be a friend and an inweak, and the Lord has charged us to help in any spiration to all that I come in contact with. But they

possible way we can to strengthen these people have the same appointment I have. Everyone

and help them to live their lives at its fullest depends so much on everyone else. I depend

and in its most beautiful manner. They may be on my teachers to teach me good and evil, to give

spiritually weak, and it is our duty to love them me a portion of what they know, and to encourage enough not to condemn, but to understand, to study me. I depend on my friends to hold my friendship

their problems and their personalities, and to dear, to keep my name as I would like it to be choose the best course in helping them. Not all kept, and to inspire me to develop my talents.

people may be won over by the same methods, I depend on my parents to show me the way, and it is probably the biggest part of the challenge to correct me in my wrongdoings, and to teach me to decide how you can successfully approach them. the gospel at home. In return, all these people

It is important in this area to have patience and depend on me to live what I know to be true.

tolerance, for few people change and adjust so Even God depends on me to live right. So it is my

I must love my fellowmen asrapidly as we would have—Rebeccathem. Christensen dutymentsto ofremainGod. faithful and to live the commandChrist taught us. Look at all the people who

would be affected if I failed—Christinemy duty. Ward

The general concept of Christ seems to be that Do we Latterday Saint youth lead the Christlike of a quiet, sad man, somewhat aloof and superior. life that is so necessary for eternal life with God?

I can understand the concept, for he must have Jesus, while he was on this earth, taught us had a profound sympathy for the men whose that the Jewish ceremonies and traditions were destiny he could foresee. But I have always empty. They were only as fruitful as the barren fig

considered Jesus Christ as a brother and a friend. tree. We are given certain commandments and

I believe he must have had a special capacity obligations toward our fellowman. How many times

for loving each man as a brother. As a result, he have we thought of those obligations when our

must have thoroughly enjoyed people and being neighbor has been in need? Is the help we give

with them. We know he attended such things as sincerely given or is it given with a material gain

weddings and feasts. And he must have enjoyed for us in it? When we see someone who is

them, for once he even changed water to wine feeling left out, do we try to make him feel better that the festivities might continue. In short, or do we stay in our own groups and leave him

I believe that Jesus Christ's most outstanding alone? Do we pay our fast offerings with a glad

characteristic was the deep love for each individual heart and with honesty? Are we magnifying our

which he inherited from his Father. And I look various callings in the Church and setting a

forward to the day when I may personally meet good example to the downtrodden? The scripture

the Man who loved me enough—Meredithto die forBarkerme. containsassure thea vastimmortalitytreasureandof eternalknowledgelife thatof one'scan

soul with God, our loving As teenagers we tend to exclude people who Father.—Janet Wheeler

are not in the social limelight. We are only hurting

ourselves. If we just took that extra second to say We in the Church are here to help one another

"hi"or walk with someone, we could help many as Christ would and does help us every day.

of our schoolmates to a happier life. This is so—Randy Zobell

little to ask that it is often forgotten. The Lord

helps those who are willing to help the people around them.—Shauna Parry

Bearing one's testimony to a nonmember and living as we "preach"can convert many to our or rather God's ways. Many a child has brought

his parents into the light by encouraging the household to pray or to attend—Dennischurch. Deaton

BY J. D. WILLIAMS

Are you yearning to get that old Christmas new Christmas dresses, bakes cookies for the neighfeeling? In the midst of shopping and presents and bors, and keeps the house running beautifully.

all the fun of Yule parties, are you still not getting Note the road your dad has picked out, stretching that spirit that once warmed a manger, raised a imagination and budget to buy the frankincense boy from the dead, gave sight to the blind and and myrrh to lay at his loved ones'feet.

light to the blinded ever since the night of the Then pick your road—sub for Santa for that family

miracle in Bethlehem? in the next block, try a kinder tone of voice around

Perhaps that's the place to go searching, then, home, give vent to the longsilenced "I love you"for the Christmas spirit again. to a dazzled dad and mom, or fix a meal for that

But what road for the pilgrimage? family up the street that has no mother—and then

Well, take a bearing by looking into that toddler embark.

sister's eyes as she reaches for a shiny ball In olden times, you know, wise men followed a star on the tree. to Bethlehem. Today its radiant beams still lead

Listen to your fiveyear-old kid brother's pleading the way: Act justly, love mercy, walk humbly,

three weeks too early, "Dad, when are we going visit the fatherless and widows, keep unspotted to put up the tree?"from the world, be slow to anger and quick to

Watch that Cub Scout who is convinced that he forgive, and love your neighbor as yourself.

can dig his way to Bethlehem by shoveling the Then, as if by some transfiguration, you find widow's walk next door. yourself at the manger, an ancient promise fulfilled

;-Stay up late some night to find out the miracle in your life: "... that where I am, there ye

of your mother's 26hour day, as she sews those may be also."

1194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

:'."; '.:.'/

From Nicholas of Lycia who was present at the

Council of Nice, a good and giftgiving man, comes the jolly character known as St. Nick or

Santa Claus.

From Scandinavia and Siberia come the sleigh and reindeer, tacked to the Santa legend by the northern people when the St. Nicholas idea reached them.

From Britain comes the Yule log, a symbol in ancient Celtic celebrating of the turning of the wheel of time.

Herewith are some beginnings, some legends about the Christmas season celebration.

From the Druids comes the holly with its bloodred berries. They thought of it as the Savior's crown

of thorns and used it to ward off evil spirits.

1196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From the Hebrew Feast of Lights (or Dedication) come candles in profusion and in all sizes and shapes.

From Germany come the carols, often accompanying folk dances.

From the East came the wise men bearing gifts for the child. Now children everywhere receive gifts

on the birthday of Jesus of Nazareth.

From St. Boniface comes the use of a fir tree

"a living tree pointing to heaven."

And from your Editors come warm greetings for the happiest of seasons and a wish that you may always pattern your life after Him whom we worship.

For he is no mere legend, no symbol, no derivation.

He LIVES! We know he lives and loves us all

From Rome comes the tree decoration idea, a and would have us follow his teachings that we survival of a pagan custom of hanging little replicas might come again into the presence of our of Bacchus on vines and trees for fertility. Heavenly Father. E.C.

DECEMBER 1965 1197 Tis the season to be jolly. So be it!

Tis the season to share love for family. The joy

of the time may well be the excuse you've been waiting for to display affection you feel all the time in your heart.

Tis the season to share your understanding of the gospel and the plan of life and the real significance of the celebration.

Tis the season to be creative, to splurge in color and design, to brighten a corner, add spark to a setting. The best gifts, the most fun decor are

the madeby-youfor-theoccasion ones.

Tis the season to be sharing of your strength about the house, yard, and church by shoveling walks, delivering packages, shining windows, moving furniture, hanging lights, hoisting trees, hauling logs.

Tis the season to notice the little ones on the block, at family gatherings, in the other bedroom.

Tricks and treats, surprises and sweets will bring a light to their eyes that will put stars in your heart.

Tis the season to be blessed.

BY ELAINE CANNON And you are!

You have read of the Savior, of some of his works, of his influence in the lives of others, of ways in which we can apply his counsel to our lives, and now we issue a challenge... WHAT

THINK YE of Jesus of Nazareth?

Teens photographed looking at great paintings of Christ are from the East Mill Creek 8th Ward, Mt. Olym,pus Stake, and are:

Claudia Ashton, Catherine Prince, Faun

Taylor, Nina Woodbury, Bonnie Davis,

Veea Palmer, Chris Lambert, Kent Lambert,

Kent Ottley, Robert Fetzer, Richard Fairbanks, and Layton Alldredge.

1198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4'..:*mm

fW-

.;

'.. t

:f&

ss

The Last Word

One IBM card If you think you can right; to another: "What succeed—you're

can't you think you mean, if you do right! holier than thou?"succeed—you're

Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work.—Exodus 20:9.

I will prepare now and take the opporProfanity—a strong way of

tunity when it arrives.—Abraham Lincoln expressing a weak mind.

A Kansas farmer had no sooner installed a new tin roof on his barn than a tornado blew it off. He recovered it smashed

and twisted beyond repair. He was advised

that a large automobile company in Detroit was in the market for scrap metal, so he crated up the mangled remains of his roof and forwarded them with a note:

"Please remit."Nearly a month later

came this reply: "Sir: We can't imagine

what hit your car, but we'll have it fixed for you by the twentieth of this month."

;..:..'':::;:::;;:>L iBMV"f 'ir::::|:;ii: iN:::l..::::.: /Si I::::i;'::': if! i W WW'W:i: 'i: W&BM i:!!:.!'W:: W M* liiFO?

Genius is nothing To make money ImLearn from the mistakes of others live long can't possibly—you

yourself. them all enough to make tention.—Helvetiusbut continued atmen.—Woodrowmortal, invest Wilsonit in

...::: V. MMO-M'S: '::'-'y. VM'MW 'MM... M...MM'MM I*;! M;.:.M:MMSM;M": W. M: M;.,:;:::;.;:;v;::- MM'iiM:Hi i..

In England early in World War II, the Any man worth his salt

WRENS unit—Women's Royal Navy will stick up for what he

still waiting to be issued believes right, but it Service—was

uniforms when Sir Winston Churchill takes a slightly bigger paid a visit. One of the women was man to acknowledge inwearing a bright yellow polo shirt. / stantly and without reserThe little group of military officials vation that he is in error.

made the inspection in silence and left -General Peyton C. March

the room. Then Churchill turned to

his escorts and in stern language said, "They're supposed to be WRENS. Why A friend is one who knows all about

do they have a canary in there?"you, but loves you still the same.

1200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The birth of our Savior was a moment in time that will be remembered and revered throughout eternity. Now, during this holy season, we pause to reflect on the goodness of

life and the warmth of many friendships. May the spirit of the season be with

you and yours. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.

,.. m

i

Mn Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

SA&ttdmxy

Scene is the Beehive House at the Fairy Castle Window, where Brigham Young's children watched parties at the Christmas Season without being seen.

VnAemmce'wtwiAimw emit ifo &eM0/faavJM&ns

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Now approximately 660 million dollars of life insurance in force.