Delicate Arch, Arches National Monument, Southeastern Utah.

FEBRUARY 1956 Give your outdated bath this new, modern look with W. P. Fuller & Co.

glass building products

lake another look at the two bathlight. A Fuller medicine cabinet Demand the Best

rooms above. It's hard to believe, adds further convenience. And W. P. Fuller & Co. glass building

but they are actually one and the Fuller chrome bathroom fixtures products are the finest you can buy same with one important exadd utilitarian touches of beauty. Plate Glass Mirrors Tub Enclosures

Chrome Bathroom Fixturesception. Fuller decorators have W. P. Fuller & Co. can work the Sriower Doors

Medicine Cabinets Glass and Fiberworked their magic with Fuller same magic for you—and at a

Sliding Glass Doorsglass building products—transsurprisingly low cost. Consult your Glass Panels

forming an oldfashioned, almost Louvre and Casement nearest W. P. Fuller & Co. branch and Windows

ugly room into a thing of joy. now, during February, while these Windows Door and Window Screens

A modern Fuller tub enclosure glass products are being featured.

replaces the old shower curtain. They will be happy to help you UJ.P.

Expanses of sparkling Pittsburgh with your remodeling problems, plate glass give light and the illuand give you a free estimate. In FULLCR

sion of space. Translucent glass many cases the complete job can &c.

panels hide the unsightly, illplaced be done under Fuller's Easy Paywindows, letting in soft, filtered ment Plan for Home Improvement. The West's Leader in Paint and Glass

teste end new by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

The mulga ant in Central Australia In Crackers builds a mud wall up to fourteen Wmmt"inches in diameter and five inches in height, around the mouth of its nest Try these delicious new crackers and then thatches the wall with thousands of dead mulga leaves.—different from anything you've

The extent of the use of copper byever tasted! They have a rich,

ancient civilizations can be seen by hearty flavor... crisp, delicate texture... and an

recent estimates of the amount of copper produced in early times, in the peinviting "twobite"shape!

riod from 2600 B.C. (Egyptian Dynasty

III) for 1500 years totaling 10,000 tons (C. N. Bromehead), and of 20,000 tons

between 1300 and 800 B. C. (R. J.

Forbes) given in the new History of

Technology.

The United States Department of

Agriculture estimates that the damage done by diseases, insects, and weeds is thirty times that spent for chemical controls each year. The amounts are

$7.5 billion against $241 million.

The elephant was used along the borders of the Sahara Desert in the days of Carthage and the first part of the Roman Empire. The camel was

introduced later. The wild elephants,

small of stature compared to the Asiatic or African elephant found to the south, roamed the Atlas Mountains in North

Africa until the demand of the Roman market for ivory led to their extinction.

NB. hasGuyolestimatedfor thethatUnitedin 1952Nationsthe

total useful power consumed was equivalent to 10 trillion (million million) kilowatthours of electrical energy or to the power produced from 3 billion tons of coal. By 1975 the world will

need about 27, and in the year 2000 about 84 trillion kilowatthours of equivalent electrical energy. a smart

Ann Wylie has pointed out in EnNEW deavour that the rose, botanically genus Rosa, has over one hundred wild shape!

species in the north temperate zones of the world, but only six of these have been used in the major developments of the garden roses and eight in some minor developments. Breeders in Europe and the United States have obtained some very promising preliminary

results using the other neglected wild species in plant breeding. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatelto

FEBRUARY 1956 65 Fundamental Beliefs of College Students

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Some months ago Congressman H. A. come in happy family life. They want

Dixon of Utah called attention to spouses of the same religious faith and

AT YOUR LOCAL an interesting fact. Many people hold consider the obligation of rearing chillarly higher education, of riage. is destructive These are all encouraging attiLUMBER DEALERS toreligiousthe opinion that education, particudren as the cornerstone of happy marfaith. tudes. Dixon has Congressman

figures which demonstrate that twice It has been common to charge colas many college graduates (in proporleges and universities with the responsition to their total number) are active bility of producing, aiding, and abetting in the church as high school or gramthe forces of atheism, of lack of respect mar school graduates. for fundamental values, disregard of

Recently the Carnegie Corporation sound principles and so on. If the

of New York reported an extensive Cornell sampling reflects the present study of additional interest in one of state of the college mind, these charges its quarterly reports. Four Cornell Unishould be sifted and reexamined. If

versity sociologists prepared a fortypage free enterprise in the field of religion, questionnaire. Its purpose was to probe economics, politics, and the arts is to

deeply into basic attisurvive, there is more tudes of college students real danger in an educain America today. Every tional system that breeds

effort was made to avoid blind acceptance of the superficiality. The quespast, than the university

tionnaire was adminissystem that encourages tered to seven thousand and cultivates the pricestudents on twelve seless creative talents of lect campuses scattered individual human genius.

throughout the country. If it is true that the AmerIn the field of religious ican college student is adattitudes the study found convincing hering admirably to traditional values,

proof that contemporary college stuthere should be equal concern for fuller dents have not rejected religious values. realization and encouragement of indiOnly one percent declared themselves vidual aspirations in the future. Freeto be atheists. The Carnegie report dom of enterprise has meaning for edufurther stated that "The students are in cation. Free agency is more than a

substantial agreement that a religious theoretical theological principle for Sunsystem must be based on God as a day discussion. It is the real driving

Supreme Being."They also consider force, the mainspring of society. Otherthat religion is inadequate unless it wise, America would never have been

provides a "focus for personal adjustdiscovered; Plato and Aristotle could

ment and development."not have survived after the death of

"On nearly every count,"states the Socrates; people would still be reading

report further, "the results give little by candlelight; wavering, many of us

support to those... who assert would still be waiting for Joseph Smith

Gives More for Your Money thata rapidthedepartureyounger fromgenerationthe standardsis takingof toplainsgo intowouldthe notwoodshaveto pray;been andcrossed.the

it was People can take real comfort in the You can regain about 7 sq. ft. of its parents."On the other hand,

usable space—worth $80-$ 90—found that the students "reflect with thought that universities and colleges

around every doorway in your home, remarkable consistency the dominant in this land have an abiding commiteasily quickly with and of values their society their elders."FOLDOOR and dedication ment to and the for search

Install it folding door. "Beautyline""prevailing Only where standpublic truth. the long In run, only those who. it in yourself paint minutes

ards are shallow and wavering"do light fear the of truth fear need the yourself to paint. base. with rubber

harmonize with your favorite color students'attitudes tend to be likewise. general product of the free university.

action scheme. Feathertouch strength of fundamental.. The is values This intense. commitment This

lifetime fabric vinyl washable on. door also to forcibly seems have been demonburning conviction for freetruth and free. cornice included and attractive

strated in field of the occupational is educational processes as firm, dom in will Foldoor Beautyline give door any room a new spacious, gracious choice and ambition. The parents of the I believe, among college and university

appearance. this spacesaver See door present of generation college students faculties as the spiritual for concern dealer. today at your lumber charged have been materialism. with

felt truth religious the of pioneers by

Notwithstanding, the as study, Cornell all ages. their Although methods may reported the Carnegie Corporation, by Distributed by

differ, highest ideals the of the univerdisclosed that students "most American

MORRISONMERRILL are more interested in an occupation sity and of the church are similar, that will let them use their talents than namely, the unceasing devotion to and search for truth. reported status, or in money, prestige."The attitudes The & CO.

for students today's view the family col legetrained conyouth as basic. They Building Material that Distributors expect chief their satisfaction ideals. will firm these

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

cc

... thus on to

.. Eternal Perfection.

.. Fourpriceless Church Books

1. PAUL'S LIFE AND LETTERS 2. DOCTRINES OF SALVATIONVol. II

By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry Sermons and writings of

Here's a great new reference text for the 1956 Gospel Doctrine Joseph Fielding Smith long great scholar Dr. a Sperry, of presented study by course Bruce R. McConkie by Compiled

in Testament. field the the of authority recognized an as New

this tremendously of second awaited eagerly volume ministry in Paul's The facts and experiences and Many, many outselling every other Church almost into is already insight works popular keenlife rare to present and are here recorded a the character of the Apostle Paul. Chapter after chapter book. It contains discussions concerning salvation and exaltadovetails with 1956 Gospel Doctrine course of study. S3. 00 tion, what they are and how to gain them. Throughout

18 absorbing chapters, celestial marriage, the degrees of glory, salvation for the dead, temples, and the resurrection 3. TO LOVE AND TO CHERISH are authoritatively presented in easy to understand language.$3.00

By Emma Marr Petersen 4. IT'S YOUR LIFE TO ENJOY

Cherish"To storyteller, Love and "To master Told a by J. Ashton By Wendell

price one of absorbing the man unfolds drama in heart. keep young set aside his This he he rewards terriblewhen the hollow wonthe paid and

these 52 magazine, It's the of account vows. From is thea bookcoversforofthose"ThewhoInstructor"would family a moving marriage and

heartbreak and sorrow caused by flaunting the sacred ties articles are filled with anecdotes about great names, glimpses of marriage. Its warm, inspirational counsel stimulates a at interesting places, exciting experiences, and sound philosdesire "to love and to cherish"the marriage covenant. $2.00 ophy. Rare entertainment. $2.50

ORDER BY MAIL OR THRU YOUR LOCAL BOOKCRAFT Feb. 1956

BOOKCRAFT DEALER. 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Send for the name of the Bookcraft Dealer Please send the following circled books:

nearest you.

for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ).

Name

Address 1Bookcraft1 86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah City State

FEBRUARY 1956 67

yJfHcial LJrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, 'The Voice of the Church"it WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF r Jke (.nufcn of

r*> VOLUME 59 NUMBER 2 jrebfuaru 1956 of oLatteraau Saintd

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- Editors: F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT DURHAM G. HOMER- - R. FRANKLINContributing HARRIS, NIBLEY MILTON HUNTER HUGH

- - B. LEE B. A. PALMERS. SIDNEY CLAUDEJR. SPERRY -PETERSEN General Manager: R. Manager: CURTIS ELBERT BERTHA S. REEDER Jhe Lstoi/ep Business F. Manager: SCOTT VERLAssociate

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

One of the wonders of the scenic world is the Delicate Arch, located in the Arches

National Monument of southeastern Utah.

The stunning photograph which shows the

The Editor's Page snowcovered LaSalle Mountains through the arch was taken in natural color by

Hal Rumel Studios.

Youth and a Better Future President David O. McKay 77

Church Features

Your Question: The Word of Wisdom Joseph Fielding Smith 78

There Were Jaredites—Continued Hugh Nibley 88 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Solomon Mack and His Family—Part V Archibald F. Bennett 90 50 North Main Street

The Church Moves On 72 Presiding Bishopric's Page 114 Y.M.M.I.A.Y. W.M.I. A. Offices,Offices, 5040 NorthNorth MainMain St.St.

Melchizedek Priesthood 112 Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Copyright 1956 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

published by the Mutual Improvement AssoSpecial Features ciationsterday ofSaints.the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.Christ of SubLat-

scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance

The Spoken Word from Temple Square foreign25c singlesubscriptions,copy. $3.00 a year, in advance

Richard L. Evans 79, 100, 104 EnteredUtah, as atsecondclassthe Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

Diabetes Comes to Our House Josephine Williams 80 mailing at special rate of postage provided 1103. in section Act of October 1917, au1918. July 2, Archaeology and the Book of Mormon—Part IX...Milton R. Hunter 82 thorizedfor

The Rewards Untold! Louise Parnell 85 TheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era is butnot responsiblewelcomes confor

A Renaissance in Reverence Wendell B. Hammond 95 tributions.panied by sufficientAll manuscriptspostage formustdeliverybe accomand

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Mamacita, Llewelyn R. McKay 74 return.

Harris, Jr 65 Smile! Valerie St. John 106 Change of Address

These Times, Fundamental Beliefs Keeping Young at Heart, Eva Willes Thirty days'notice required for change of inplease ordering address. of change, a College When 126 Wangsgaard Students, G. Homer

slip clude issue of address a recent from 128 66 Your Durham Page and Ours cannot Address changes be the Bookrack 70 old as On the address well as themademagazine.unless the new

one is included.

Today's Family The Kitchen Spotlight on Stan Trims and Treats for Valentines.. 120

Russon 116 First Formal, Lucille Waters

Handy Hints 119 Mattson 122 National Advertising Representatives

TOWNSEND EDWARD S. COMPANY

110 Sutter St. ies, Poetry

San Francisco, California Give and Take Vera Mayhew 85 EDWARD672 LafayetteS. TOWNSENDPark PlaceCOMPANY

57, California Angeles Los ASSOCIATES High Adventure—IV S. Dilworth Young 92 SADLER SANGSTON AND

Frontispiece, the Dedication of the Hanks Lincoln, At Nancy David O. New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y. 75 Building, S. Atkinson Dilworth McKay Mabel Law

& SONS Poetry Page 76 Young St. 113 30DAVIS N. LaSalle

Valentine with First Land, AnoYoung Farmer for Husbands, Lucretia Illinois Chicago, bel Armour 108 Penny 121 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &/) 40 MbtuM

LflAt (Je...We/ 'Began

In 1955 we brought natural gas service to more than service is supremely important. Our pipeline crews, as

1 3,000 new customers. That's an average of one new always, were equal to the emergency. They rode

customer every 40 minutes—24 hours a day, Saturhorses instead of jeeps through the snow and bitter

days, Sundays and holidays included. (At 40 working cold, to patrol the lines and make sure no stoppage

hours a week it figures one new customer every 9Vi occurred.

minutes)!

But now it's another year, and while we note that

It takes a sizeable organization to do a job like that, 1955 brought us the largest year's growth in our and at the same time take care of the needs of all history, we look forward to the jobs ahead—the concustomers, new and old, totaling now some 130,000 tinuing and increasing expansion of our facilities and

homes and businesses. service. Our steadfast purpose is to find and develop

new gas fields and to bring this modern fuel to the inRemember the unexpected subzero cold snap last creasing numbers of homes and businesses that want

November? At a time like that, uninterrupted gas and need it.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving 68 Utah and Wyoming Communities

FEBRUARY 1956 69 On the Bookrad

HENTZ OF THINGS NOT SEEN to know the problems of youth and (Harriet H. Houser. Macmillan Comto offer recommendations for their solu-

/. pany, New York. 1955. 235 pages. $3.50.) tion.—M. C.

Occasionally a heartwarming book THE VOICE OF THE DESERT

Sloane Krutch. William (Joseph Wood stirs that to people increased—onecomes to the attention of the public $3.75. pages. York. 223 New a book faith. Such is Hentz Of Things Associates,Illustrated.) Not Seen.

The book takes its title from Hebrews Long recognized as a teacher, critic, 11:1, "Now faith is the substance of and naturalist writer of note, Joseph

things hoped for, the evidence of things Wood Krutch brings to this new asnot seen."And this dynamic book signment the exuberance which has

moves the reader to increased faith. made friends for him in the classroom,

Much more than a biography, this could in the magazine offices where he has be called an adventure into the glory labored as editor and journalist, and in of the human spirit. Hentz, at the age social circles. Following his retirement

of seventeen, was critically injured in from Columbia University, Dr. Krutch

a dive from a springboard into shallow went to the Sonoran Desert of the water. He had been an active young American Southwest. He became fasciTHE INCOMPARABLE man—interested in school, activities, nated by the desert—and those creations

athletics. Because of this accident he and creatures of the desert that, like

himself, this thrived barren in seemingly a paraplegic, became his spinal with "Mist"CONN is land. His conclusion heartwarming, cord nearly severed. severed—or This superb offers at instrument

original, states, as challenging, and he cost, remoderate tonal complete sheer force By the conof will—and all of to question answers the is "And sources, simple in design, stant exercise of lived four to operate. easy faith—Hentz Features indetwo is for?'desert a 'What 'Contemplagood

years four and months. to his Strapped pendent manuals.

is tion'best."perhaps the

chair he addressed of audiences young it is, is restful as THE book, IDEAL animated The ORGAN people; he pursued his studies; he even FOR LARGER HOMES, It all its thoughtprovoking. and makes

learned to typewrite; he and taught CHURCHES, SCHOOLS a readers question, the come up with Sunday Created instrumusical by all the rush? CONN, follow "Why Why not of man is specialists for nearly a ment Schoolindomitable.—M.class. Surely,C. the/. spirit of the to admonition go Solomon and

versatile the century, "Artist"organ of the creatures meanest creathe or provides a whole wondrous world fingertips. of musical magic at your wise?"—M. C. /.

to play, so easy Yet it is so YOUTH, LOVE AND MARRIAGE tions and be easy to own! See and hear it now. (Rex A. Skidmore. Deseret Book ComEASY TERMS pany, Salt Lake City, Utah. 1955. 174 PAUL'S LIFE AND LETTERS

pages. $2.75.) (Sidney B. Sperry. Bookcraft ComSkidmore has answered a longpany, Salt Lake City, Utah. 1935. 314 Dr. pages. $3.00.)

felt need of parents and youth concerning courtship, love, and marriage. Paul, the transformed Saul of Tarsus,

He has divided the material under three is one of the most capable and one main headings: Preparing for Marriage, of the most enigmatic of the Apostles

Personal and Family Living, Youth who preached the Risen Christ. In

this volume, Dr. Sperry does his usually 'aiines Mush Look toward a Family of their Own.

Under these general topics he has disscholarly work in revivifying this great 15 E. 1st SO cussed specifics. Apostle of the Gentiles. The book has

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VCW226O WASHINGTON BLVD.,OGDEN The book is beautifully published incorporatesincreased valuethe sincestandardDr. worksSperryof alsothe

with attractive illustrations and end Church into the text. It is, for instance,

papers which would appeal to youth of vital import to learn Paul's views on attractive an exceptionally and make in as contained marriage the Prophet Films 16mm book. of the topics Some Inspired Smith's group gift for Version of the indicate Joseph every Ward

FEATURES IN TECHNICOLOR the pertinence of the material: How Holy Scriptures.

Tell Are To in Love? You Song You Remember Can What varithe Complete with showing maps Tall Ten Men "Petting"? about "Necking"and Why Forest of Rogues Sherwood ous missionary the journeys of Paul,

Disney's Valley Beaver I Freely Talk with my Parents? a of Paul, picture Disney's Half world Nature's and showing Acre Can't

Disney's Seal Island Have Faith in the Future. These are the streets of Jerusalem, the book is a

topics the very twentynine few of a Technicolor Cartoons helpful volume. most

studios, Disney's 22 from from many Cotreated wisely as well as unusually and also Dr. full Sperry has a included including lumbic Mr. Magoo. Aca demy

this interestingly wellqualified by Boing, Gerald winner McBoing and Award epistles of Paul's will treatment which Madeline. author.

of his be students appreciated by minRental these Reasonable on and hundreds of others Dr. Skidmore, in addition to his full istry. This is a book that will and

HILLAM'S memberacademic whoseachievement,activity isin atheChurchward whoshouldwishfit intoto knowthe homeof onelibraryof theof thosemost 54 Post Office Place Salt Lake City, Utah | and stake priesthood and auxiliary powerful earlyday leaders of the early

Phone EM 3-5417 meetings has placed him in a position Church.—M. C. ].

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7 n 7

This lowrate, broad coverage HOSPITALIZATION offers you extra money protection not available under any group plan

TODAY AM/MBtf TO MD/I//DI/AIS

People who are standard risks under White Cross

PROTECTS have never suffered a general rate increase FAMILY ENTIRE coverage of rates and broad Low theit possibleWHITEforCROSSyou to includePLAN everymake /s'nt this the inc/ofprotection you have a/ways wanted?

joiningmembera ofgroup.your family without

USE ANY DOCTOR OR

policy WISH YOU HOSPITAL health Hew the Under PLAN CROSS WHITE hospital to select free any it you neverP3/ff8rtsf; io family to use own your you'reyou wish—MM

if specialist call in to a or

is needed! onedoctor, ""He serious i/f.

n- expenses J 7 "oid can DIRECT PAY YOU WE $5 a h, ere r s,ps'Star, ord, tUa"y amount WWhdependlngnfcage-earnerspolicy. stated to is approved, toS a claim your as soon As andup for to Uptwo to hosyour money the send h?nrii?ear "KknSs aWed youiaelf or to doctor, to wepital, "your unable to d > yearswor'T?hen direct.—just you as

duct And e c'nsuran theh Vet ospitn/ 'ble % BE A NEEDN'T YOU

TO BEDPATIENT YOUR BENEFITS. a"ce tha e k >ncl of "nw J COLLECT

when payments get can You u or office in his treats cashyou doctor

T Y0UCAN6ET for money Even home. at

medical outof-Lhehospital manyyour op$15OO FOR HOSPITAL work, medilab as expenses such BILLS etc. transfusions, cines, Under the CROSS can get fromWHITE6 riav a to $15 OR ANY ALL TAKE V"PART OF THIS PLAN PTm a NIoum

protection what decide or as take wantYouyou muchwish. Youthejust as you little Plan

hospitalization have ofyou plan, you insurance if other asEvenor some protection additional secure can andWHITEextraCROSSbenefitsPLAN.under the

PREMIUMS laboratory j-jfj****** PAID BE MAY a month

FIT BUDGET TO YOUR hrbtj-w. and forforthenrsVosp.thewTm Per- i doctor?ei"s L 5"* P o fftessSCe\teS6004lno

is of payment. fixed no mode There 00amonththereaiter. yU

monthly, your premiums pay annually or twice-a-year.

is easiest quarterly,You.,. for you. whichever

To * "gto FINE PRINT! NO '*

are described payments cash The, the outline condensed the underof available abenefits onlymany

You'll PLAN. CROSS *i,ooo ffa'lyJl'cfpr) s J VttOre and benefits, all exceptions the WHITEfind

in clearly stated limitations big ofyuffJ*>:foFeet **%.

Acciin policies. the legible type

benefits immediately begin dent policies. beneSickness of date

originating all fromfits cover sfoftypol!"*ncyp'-be;r'0(j ope. /"er6-p;S9for

in force policies been illnesseshave after except days, 30 in stated the those Mailfew couponplainly (Pro'fa/f, yon information.policies. for today

Low rates, cash benefits and prompt payments of claims make the famous White Cross Plan the fastest growing plan In America

Banker* Life & Casualty Co., Dept. IE62

4444 W. Lawrence Ave.

Chicago 30, Illinois

policies THE WHITE CROSS PLAN Please tell me all about the nongroup owrate availableWHITEtoCROSSindividualsPLAN.underThisthedoesfamousnot

obligate me in any way.

CO. NAME BANKERSHOMELIFE&OFFICE: CHICAGOCASUALTY3 O, ILL. ADDRESS

Stock Reserve Company Legal An OldLine

ACCIDENTAT Oi'TlON RENEWABLECOVERAGE ANDOF HEALTHTHE COMPANYFOLICIES RENEWABLEAND BROADAND OFFERINGBOTH GUARANTEEDLIFE INSURANCE CITYmmmmmmwmmmm.ZONE. -STATEFEBRUARY 1956 71

THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

counselors are Elders Earl Dec Haws

November 1955; and Thorley Johnson. Wards in the December 1855

Panguitch Stake are Panguitch North dediof the Elder Harold B. Lee David a President Coun- O. McKay]s% Circleville, Kingston, South, and Hatch,

cil of (Salt the dedicated City) cated the the Lake Park Twelve 4 last four wards and Antimony. The

is of center. the chapel used building Berkeley Concord Ward, The taken old the GarStake from named'were

(California) Stake. field Stake. President Vernon LeRoy jointly with the Sugar House Stake.

L. of the Richard Elder Evans Counas president resustained was Holman

cil the dedicated of the KaysTwelve Elder of the Richards LeGrand Stake. of counselors the Panguitch HisIrn

building. Seminary (Utah) * Council dedicated of the Twelve Scott are formerly ville Smith, Elder Barton

the Northern Utah region Church welof the Garfield Stake presidency, and Elder Leonard M. Haynie was susLuis as president of the San fare building bishops'also is the which Orton, Frank Elder Henry was the tained who

President Stake, succeeding (Colorado) storehouse of the North South and in the old counselor Box second Panguitch

Elder stakes. Stake. Elder Joseph Ernest Riggs, first W. Fred Haynie. Elders Ivan M.

Mortensen were counselor to President Holman, was reThomas and Joseph C

It was announced that Elder leased. sustained as counselors. They were also

19 Howard Barker had been reapthe counselors to the outgoing president. the pointed to building Church m dediPresident O. David comty McKay Elder Khalil V. Hansen sustained as mittee. Elder Barker had been released of the L t. cated the chapel Monument

with the old committee last August 1. Park Third and Fourth wards, Monupresident of Montpelier (Idaho) Stake,

ment Park (Salt Lake City) Stake, in with Elders Eugene Shepherd and Lewis counselors. as succeed They Munk

his President A. Hunzeker Walter and2 "a createdEast Mesafrom (Arizona)portions of Stakethe Mesawas special Thanksgiving Day services.

counselors, Elders Elmer S. Burgoyne stakes and Maricopa with President of approximately meeting two A 2r Swensen. and Winslow Ellsworth, president formerly Donald v leaders and their thousand Church

Stake, sustained as president; of Mesa in wives Los was held Angeles—the first The 1955 drama season of the MIA as first Egbert sustained Elder J. Brown to in the spacious held such meeting be

counselor, the position he held in the assembly room of the temple there. / closed. During the past three

Mesa Stake. Elder Elden W. Cooley months hundreds of plays have been

was sustained as second counselor. Units 2r-t President David O. McKay represented on the ward and stake levels.

in the East Mesa Stake include Mesa / ceived a medal from the Greek

Sixth, Tenth, and Twelfth wards from Orthodox Church denoting "the dig- 1/v The First Presidency announced the Maricopa Stake; Mesa Seventh, nity and glory of unselfish deeds."The U the appointment of Elder Holger

Ninth, Coolidge, Gilbert, Queen Creek citation was made in recognition of the P. Petersen as president of the Danish

wards, and SpanishAmerican, Superior, relief and assistance tendered by the Mission, succeeding President Junius

Ray, and Florence branches from Mesa Church to the Greek people following M. Sorensen. President Petersen filled

Stake. The new stake, the 225th now the war and after the earthquake dis- a mission in Denmark in 192628. He

functioning in the Church, was created aster. President Theodore Jacobsen of has taught in the Sunday School, was

under the direction of Elder Spencer the Eastern States Mission, representing president of his elders quorum, served

W. Kimball of the Council of the the President, had accepted the medal for nine years as a counselor in the

assisted bishopric, Twelve, for seven Thorpe B. by Bishop and Ward Jersey. Wilford in ceremonies at Newark, New

Bishopric. of Isaacson the Presiding stake of the years was high a member President citation is the second This

Elder H. Loren Allen, formerly secMcKay has received from the Greek council. At the time of this appointond counselor in the Mesa Stake, suspeople. ment he was second counselor in the

tained as president of the Mesa Stake, Wilford (Utah) Stake presidency. Acwith Elders Haskell V. Stradling and Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the companying him to this new field of

LeRoy Layton as counselors. Council of the Twelve dedicated the labor will be his wife and two of their

of the Chapel Haven children. and Kimball three of boundaries Realignment

Salt and rewards, South Lake Stake. It was announced that Verl F. Scott of officers organization of the Panguitch

and Garfield (Utah) stakes were made. It was announced that President had succeeded the late John D. Giles as

Garfield Stake is now composed of Benjamin L. Bowring of the Hawaiian business manager of The ImproveEscalante North and South wards, Temple had been selected as president ment Era.

Boulder, Cannonville, Tropic, and Henof the new Los Angeles Temple. Presiof president the Bowring, formerly last rieville three the wards, being dent Harold B. Lee Elder of the Coun- ].| Salt Mission, TexasLouisiana and a Stake. transferred the cil of Panguitch from the dedicated. 1 the Twelve

Elder John Clyde Spencer was sustained Lake Temple worker, was set apart for chapel of the Chesterfield Ward, Idaho as president of the Garfield Stake, suchis new position December 7. Stake.

ceeding President Douglas Q. Cannon, Speaking to the title "Insight Into

who with his first counselor, Elder AnThe First Presidency announced Causes and Consequences of Faith in drew Spencer, were released. His secthe appointment of Elder Merlin God,"Elder Henry D. Moyle of the

ond counselor, Elder Scott Barton Smith, Steed as president of the Los Angeles Council of the Twelve gave the "Faith was sustained as a counselor in the Temple Mission. He succeeds President in Action"radio address over the NaPanguitch Stake. President Spencer's Frederick S. Williams in this position. tional Broadcasting Company.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Farmfresh honey, natural golden flour...make

\ IN A151SL.U SugarSugar \,.{,/ NABISCO U

HONEY GRAHAMS 'MMmill i 'if/ / JTmKttKtK'm A

Finest, freshest ingredients make these grahams wholesome—delicious. And

nabisco bakes them crisp—tender—golden brown. Perfect for children—

they digest so quickly, don't spoil appetites. Ask for nabisco Sugar honey F

grahams... they're the best!

3EBw

GRAHAMS

2 LBS. Hem

Available in oneand two -pound packages.

S EACH

KEPT FRESH IN 1 -$Myg CRACKER 6 IN -ERSEAL

WAX PACKETS BREAKS INTO PERFECT

SIZE FOR EATING NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY FEBRUARY 1956 Mamacita

by Dr. Llewelyn R. McKay

HEAD, DEPARTMENT OF LANGUAGES UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

ONoftheSaltsideLakeof theCityroadis justan unobnorth trusive sign "Fresh Fruits and

Vegetables."Those who stop for a

few oranges or bananas are greeted by Mamacita Remigi's welcome smile, for she always has a smile for everyone. This is no business smile merely

assumed for the purpose of selling more produce; it is rather the natural

reflection of Mamacita 's code of livmg. She loves people, trusts them,

and enjoys working diligently from early morning till late at night. She

allows her customers to pick out and place their purchases on the scales, never questioning their word conBOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth about cerning weight. On the contrary, she

the "lying allure of liquor."usually adds two or three apples or

HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the a handful of peas, as the case may alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth aboutbe, before the customer leaves, never

liquor to want to have no part of it? forgetting to say, "Thank you!"ac-

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance companied by that big smile!

Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE WHO vicinity,I alwaysnot stopbecausewhenMamacitaI am in sellsthe

DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance company fresh and tasty produce, but mainly

for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop paying to hear her friendly "An'how are you for the drinker's accidents—and to save money at the same time. today?"and to watch her beaming

If you are a nondrinker*, we invite you to investigate, and insure face. Then my spirits are lifted, and

I become somewhat ashamed of mywith Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile insurance

self for my worrying or crabbing where your heart is—with the thousands of others who say, "No something. about Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an explanation One day I found Mamacita a trifle

of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree drivers, return upset. "What's the matter, Mamathis coupon now. cita, is business poor?"I asked. "You

IMPORTANT—Nondrinkcr means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker Is not eligible, know'a what?"she answered, "Som'a

,, r de man, he justa puta the case of C5 Ith SG? ombat Ion—ACT NOW—USE THIS COUPON oranges ina his car and driva off

MY AUTO INSURANCE withouta the paying!"Then her face EXPIRES: Name

Address Month quickly radiated that enticing smile

Oil heck, the whata as she added, "But

City State Year I the money."he no hada maybe

Occupation in Household No. of Cars felthat "I myself, to hope muttered

Hake of Car Year No. of Cylinders low chokes on every bite!"FortuBody Type and Model (Series) nately, though, most people are honUse of Car: Q Pleasure—Q Business—To and From Work...Miles One Way est enough not to take advantage of

ALL OTHER Circle Owner DRIVERS Mamacita's trust. of This Car—MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER and 2.

fall, Last Mamacita loaded me Givo requested Information Age? about all fruits a and vegetables, with down

DRIVERS OF AUTOMOBILE Sei? birthday gift for my father [PresitoftOrii dent David O. McKay] whom she

much admires. "But you can't give

PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL so much away,"I remonstrated, "You wciowisj

INSURANCE COMPANY can't afford it!"To this Mamacita's

366 South 5th East - Suite 102103, Dept. 256 husband, Ricardo, answered as he

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931 filled another sack to give me, "We're

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. Sam Morris, President getting old; pretty the soon we die

so whata the heck!"

(Concluded on page 127) 74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J8S&$SSS&ft&aSS

Nancy Hanks Lincoln

by Mabel Law Atkinson

—-Russ Whitaker Photo

Lincoln Memorial at Gettysburg

s tay close to God, my son."She held his hand

And searched his craggy face so young yet wise.

She prayed that when she reached the Promised Land

Her spirit would be with him, light his eyes

With starfilled inspiration, for she knew

The unawakened strength within his soul.

"Stay close to God...."This golden thread spun through

Life's somber weave illuminates the whole "Be strong, my Abe! Stand tall! Be not content

Nor tolerate the grief you should erase."

In heaven she beheld him, reverent

And humble in a grateful world's embrace.

How short her day with him—and fringed by tears

But, oh, how long her shadow through the years!

FEBRUARY 1956 75 BREATH OF SONG TO HEEDLESS EARS HEIRLOOM

By Dorothy ]. Roberts By Ethel Jacohson By Leone E. McCune

to frail oo quench than a more candle coverlet silken a night is Poetry today, out the sings poet to and Each flame, are wet, Infolds eyes me. heedless ears. MyBreath be can mightier hurricane, than mother's hands Remembering my Moffat,—Donald only destroys theWhich of shapes beauty the satin strands Fashioning in the Saturday Post Evening seen.

lilac, her Of gown. from wedding

Breath its recreate can slumbering dream trailone, petals yellow a with And from indeed, sober times are its waft the of TheseAnd rhythm from tomb ing down. play. frippery of Stripped and time taffeta dress skyblue Mary's was A all nonessential, concede A aThrough thin, stemmed symbol a and little one, to pink once belonged Bess The is Poetry today. out line; black

rose, the crepe wild Chine, mine, And de is fey, footless, minstrel boy The restore its to beautyCan heart, home my dress, eighteen. just birthday when My it appears; archaism, An Its contours, only, the composer's own rose the green background on The moss Still, as jay, insouciant aFor threaded the through woven, muted Sue's, 'round. and forms a border Was to sings heedless ears. poet The sum

tones,Of unuttered shall own song artistry my she has designed With assert a need grimmer now run. We will breath revive, left the thoughA pretty winds fragments behind, From

for to a dismay. song drown Than strong; blow quilt loveliness, of a More than

confess harsher creed: a now We staff the ofFrom silence will breath bring possess, a treasure to More than

Poetry is out today. song. back of stitch in Memories every home

fray martial with Dissonant life all That will long enrich. my

Is of clash the grinding spheres. ETERNAL MOMENT a hear roundelay? would Who SLEET OF A DAY FOR ears. sings to heedless poet The Alletta Eleanor By Chaffee

kNCE in a lifetime if it is to be, Though his ardors seek to speed By Virginia Scott Miner era, kindlier sane gay, and A early, presents inter, her son's his wrapping man's eyes and up A may meet all freed, trivia For such harmless lock tissue and the found she handy Used is Poetry today. out full recognition, free;In sudden like Sleet and jewelled cellophane

An instant only, by Time's hastening clock. Brassy are the throats that bray Or a paperthin rock candy.

But in that moment they are closer than Of might and conquest; loud the cheers

Husband and wife, or even mother and Of dupes who court a tyrant's sway. Not a tree will be greengiven

son; The poet sings to heedless ears. To the earth till spring,

The bloodtie of the past has bridged the L'envoi But Inwhatthissparkling,covering!crystal glory span

Between two spirits. Fortunate the one Though a harried world may say,Who, wordless, with a hand laid on the "Poetry is out today,"TO A YOUNG GIRL

head its Challenging hopes and fears, By Mary Lucretia BarkerOf him to poet sings heedless ears! who bears his name, has sensed The

look the like daffodil before stand a me You in theDeep innocent eyes, that seems in to glory spring blooms LETTER to A VALENTINE awaken That spread spill of to touch clouds braving heaven AGlory about them, as though By Cornelia Kinder shook heaven laughter, hearts to Your bidding darkened

Stars upon down from them an immortal sing. I late know, again mother, I am sky, Dear like are of gold, a And you melody fly often, dear, thoughts So home my love likeAnd manifest breathed made a of strength with splendor to Aflame the and you,... sigh. young like brood, her kindly neighbor with But my will ripple of Your the song days through

I do. to so find Since baby came much HEART'S CALENDAR cold

this, sitting writing the I'm window by all I bring to back And the dreams which crib his beside now. baby's in me The By Jane Merchant clung.

sky, silhouette the against noonday A of flowerblue, eyes Your burnished your of date suffered any day on which one are the guiding sturdy John's hands homeThe hair loss Appalling anguished must an wear plow.

picture Present efface a time cannot look Jerry, brother love to and Give Dad my to bright leave petals You yellow came henceforth. him hisTo year Each her cup. hand Tell baby's drinking from them where will shake yes, in fence the the garden by

lightest lilting with step You moved and little, if he write the must that dateA daffodils are up. yellow coming Those

grace. shook all chill; losing the winter are days The

loveliness, to Young these things you bepieces. toHis world of Dates large events that glad are to I'm and you know Dad long: significance worldOf a part become fine.

Fulfilment, joy, the of song. benison every mind. datesOf But 1 nothing to will best love write you, again, when my

happened A hundred kisses for your Valentine.To stir the world mark many a silent heart. ORGAN RECITAL

YOUNG AIRMAN By Isabelle Shannon

By Grace Barker Wilson Theof skillwill of hands and mind and strength

Draws from the waiting truetoned instrualways thought that distances ment

Were measured by a street, The genius of great masters. Timeless

Until he traveled west, and saw themes

Where sky and desert meet. Now live again in music's element.

Yearnings, sorrows, praise and ecstasy

And later, winging in the sky Expand and grow as one deep throbbing

To where Pacific Islands are, heart,

He gained a sense of greater space Emotions run the gamut of the soul

And measured distance by a star. And lift the listener to a world apart.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

,,*.-a*!

Youth and a Better Future

by President David O. McKay

"Whether it be right in the sight of God to it leaps forth in times of crises. But the courage

hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. I would have youth possess, as they take their

"For we cannot but speak the things which part in the better future, is neither physical nor we have seen and heard. military—it is the fearlessness to act in accord-

"... for there is none other name under heaven ance with their convictions—courage to do right

given among men, whereby we must be saved."whether alone or in public—courage to be true

(Acts 4:1920, 12.) to a trust.

No peace or true freedom can come to this

Thelustratescripturalthree humanpassagesqualitiesthat I orhavevirtuesquor%dcharil- worldSelfpreservationso long as is menthe firstlive lawonlyoffornature,themselves.but it

acteristic of true leadership. These are ( 1 ) a is not the law of spiritual growth. He who lets

consciousness of a righteous cause, (2) an inselfishness and his passions rule him binds his vincible resolution to uphold it, and (3) the assoul in slavery, but he who, in the majesty of suranceYouth—conviction—courage—makeof the one safe guide. a combinaspiritualand yearningsstrength,and useshis possessionshis physicalto servetendenciespurtion potentially capable of determining the kind of poses higher than personal indulgence and comworldYouth—thewe shallfuturelive in.is yours to make or to mar fort,usefultakeslife. the first step toward the happy and

as you choose. Only the perverseness of human This truth was taught not only "in the beginnature can darken the oncoming years. ning"when the gospel was first revealed to man,

Even while the glories of youthful prime gladbut also when Jesus began his earthly ministry.

den your hearts and brighten your hopes with On the Mount of Temptation was enacted the anticipated success, there rests unfelt upon your first scene in Christ's earthly drama ox the shoulders the weight of a coming responsibility. abundant life. There he resisted the challenge

Yours is the challenge to shape the future. Into to gratify his appetite; he turned aside the appeal

your hands and into the hands of a million other to his vanity and pride; he scorned the bribe of

youths will be placed the banner of civilization. worldly wealth and power as in spiritual victory

Courage is that quality of the mind which meets he said to the tempter: "Get thee hence."Only

danger or opposition with calmness and firmness, thus by the brilliant triumph of the spirit over which enables a man to face difficulties that lie the flesh can we hope for a better world.

in his pathway to righteous achievement. In the incident depicted by our text, Peter

To carry it successfully forward will demand courageously declares what we shall think, what courage or what is called by Luke in Acts 4:13 "the we shall declare: That "there is none other name

boldness of Peter and John"—that quality of mind under heaven given among men, whereby we

which enables one to encounter danger and to must be saved."(Ibid., 4:12.) Molders of a better

overcome difficulties. It is a virtue admired by future need the assurance that Christ is the uneverybody. Our souls have been stirred in warfailing Guide.

time and our eyes filled with tears as we have Courage alone is not sufficient; a firm convicheard of the military courage of our boys in unition is not sufficient; there must be an assurance

form. We thrill even at spontaneous courage as (Concluded on following page)

(fiCiC>CS7iCiCsCiCiCS<CiCiC FEBRUARY 1956 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) Never once did the Master despair or turn from his that the conviction is in harmony with justice, with destined course. That is the kind of courage we need

truth, and with righteousness. in the world today.

Jesus taught that men and women fail to live truly Young men and young women, the future awaits and really amount to nothing unless they have spiritualyou! It is yours! If you would give peace to the world,

ity. The spiritual force underlies everything, and withyou have campaigns to organize and conquests to achieve.

out it nothing worth while can be accomplished. These are campaigns planned for the establishment of

is it of are the soul. conquests Whether

of selfishness inalong road the easy He who is or should be the guide of our lives was the justice—thesebetter to walk and

most courageous of all men. True heroism defends the dulgence than to strive through selfmastery and servright and faces disaster without cringing. In this reice for the realm of spirituality, you must decide.

gard the Savior was the personification of true courage "Whether it be better to serve God than man, judge ye."

and heroism. (See Acts 4:19.)

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Word of Wisdom

"Will you please tell me if the Word of fully observed. To answer all the questions which have

Wisdom has ever been presented to the been asked dealing with its instruction would require a

Church as a commandment making its observance obligavolume of considerable size. Let us rather consider the

tory upon the members of the Church?"purpose for which it was given:

"To be sent greeting; not by commandment or conThis question is one of a score that have straint, but by revelation and the word of wisdom, showbeen received in relation to the Word ing forth the order and will of God in the temporal

of Wisdom. Some of the questions are due to missalvation of all saints in the last days

understanding and others, apparently, seeking answers "Given for a principle with promise adapted to the that will justify a violation or modification of the procapacity of the weak and the weakest of all saints, who visions enumerated in the revelation. The simple anare or can be called saints."(D & C 89:2-3.)

swer to this question is yes, such commandment has It seems to most members of the Church that all been given and repeated on several occasions. Septemthe Lord needs to say is that it is his will that this

ber 9, 1851, President Brigham Young stated that the revelation should be observed and kept. It is written:

members of the Church had had sufficient time to be "For behold, it is not meet that I should command of this revelation import thetaught and that henceforth in all that in all things, things; the is compelled for he

a considered to beit was divine commandment.

is a slothful not a wise servant; wherefore This same and

was first put to vote before the male members of the he receiveth no reward."(Ibid., 58:26.)congregation and then before the women and by unanimous vote accepted. President Joseph F. Smith at a Among other questions received we find such as this:

conference meeting in October 1908, made the same "Why does not the Lord give us further revelation to statement, and this has been repeated from time to time. cover the many other stimulants and drinks and the

It is true that when it was first revealed it was not proper foods for the body?"The answer is because such

is agiven as a commandment made mandatory upon the revelation is unnecessary. The Word of Wisdom

members as the commandments of the Decalogue are. basic law. It points the way and gives us ample inNevertheless the meaning is clear, so that no member struction in regard to both food and drink, good for the

with sincere desire to do the will of the Lord will think body and also detrimental. If we sincerely follow what

of wilfully violating the counsel it contains. During the is written with the aid of the Spirit of the Lord, we need

first few years after the organization of the Church, no further counsel. This wonderful instruction conconverts came out of the world who saw nothing wrong tains the following promise:

in the use of tobacco and the drinking of wine, and in "And all saints who remember to keep and do these some instances even stronger alcoholic beverages. To sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments,

correct this evil, which reason teaches us is harmful to shall receive health in their navel and marrow to their the body, and to cleanse the Church of such habits, the bones;

Lord gave this Word of Wisdom. No matter how we "And shall find wisdom and great treasures of knowlmay look at it, the intent is clear that it should be faithedge, even hidden treasures;

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "And shall run and not be weary, and shall walk One passage in this revelation (v. 4.) is quite generally

and not faint."(Ibid., 89:1820.) overlooked. It states that the time should come when

Thus by keeping the commandment we are promised wicked and designing men would resort to practices of inspiration and the guidance of the Spirit of the Lord adulteration of foods and drinks in order to get gain, to through which we will know what is good and what is the injury of the health of their victims. How true these

bad for the body, without the Lord presenting us with words have been. So evil have these practices become

a detailed list separating the good things from the bad that the government was forced to enact pure food and that we may be protected. We will learn by this faithdrug laws for the protection of the people. Notwithful observance that the promises of the Lord are fulstanding these wholesome laws, still evil practices are

filled. We will learn more nearly the value of our going on contrary to the law, and harmful drugs are

mortal bodies. They have been given us as eternal smuggled into the country bringing misery and death

tabernacles for our spirits. Each soul (i.e. spirit and to thousands.

body combined) in the resurrection will be joined inThere are many ways in which we may break the separably, never again to be divided. We will have our Word of Wisdom. We break it when we eat more

own identity as distinctly as we do now, for as Amulek than is needful, even of wholesome foods. We have

said: been commanded to do all things in moderation, "with

"The spirit and the body shall be reunited again in judgment, not to excess, neither by extortion."(Ibid.,

its perfect form; both limb and joint shall be restored 59:20.) The Lord has not condemned the use of white

to its proper frame, even as we now are at this time; flour, nor white granulated sugar. There are some

and we shall be brought to stand before God, knowing among us who cannot eat whole wheat bread and the even as we know now, and have a bright recollection coarser foods because of peculiar physical conditions.

of all our guilt. * * * If white sugar were to be condemned, then the Lord

"Now, behold, I have spoken unto you concerning would not have revealed to President Wilford Woodruff the death of the mortal body, and also concerning the the need of building a sugar factory. Some persons are

resurrection of the mortal body. I say unto you that allergic to one thing and others to another, yet what

this mortal body is raised to an immortal body, that is they cannot take are wholesome to others. Any perfect

from death, even from the first death unto life, that food that is good for the body, can be harmful by overthey can die no more; their spirits uniting with their indulgence. According to the promise of the Lord we

bodies, never to be divided; thus the whole becoming will have wisdom to understand these things by virtue

spiritual and immortal, that they can no more see corof faithful observance of this basic law—the Word of

ruption."(Alma 11:4345.) Wisdom.

In the resurrection we are to receive rewards accord- A safe guide to each and all is this: If in doubt as to

ing to our individual works, and it is written that they any food or drink, whether it is good or harmful, let who are filthy in this life will, in that life, be filthy it alone until you have learned the truth in regard to still. (Rev. 22:11; Alma 41:1415.) Therefore if we love it. If anything offered is habitforming, we will be

the truth, we should delight in doing those things which safe in concluding that it contains some ingredients that the Lord would have us do. are harmful to the body and should be avoided.

hungry. And that is true of other things also. And at

\Jntslde of J>tatistic5 thisand seasonRedeemerwhenofwemankind,celebrate oftheJesusbirththeof theChrist—heMaster

who spoke of the good Samaritan, of the shepherd and

Richard L. Evans the sheep; he who blessed the children, he who healed

the sick and comforted the sorrowing—as our thoughts

Recently a wise physician was speaking of the very turn to him, let our arms and our hearts open to help favorable chances of recovery from certain diseases someone who needs us, despite all favorable figures.

and from certain kinds of surgery. The figures were "Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand,

impressive and reassuring. But then he added, "ReCome, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom

member that even if recovery were 99 percent sure prepared for you from the foundation of the world:

remember that for the person who doesn't recover, for f For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was

the person who loses his life, it isn't a statistical loss, thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger and ye

it isn't a 1 percent loss, but a 100 percent loss."And took me in: fNaked, and ye clothed me: I was sick,

so it is also for his family. Perhaps the application is and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto

righteous shall saying, the him, answer me. fThen perhaps obscure as a bit concerning season—but

thee? thee an hungred, and fed Lord, we when saw either: altogether not reports of unpreceWe readthis

dented shopping across the country, of new peaks of or thirsty, and gave thee drink? When saw we thee

prosperity and employment. We read reports of people a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed

living longer lives, of diseases conquered (comparathee? fOr when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and

tively), and facts and figures of many benefits and came unto thee? fAnd the King shall answer and say

I you, Verily say unto them, as ye Inasmuch unto all grateful. are deeply of which we blessings—for

it least the unto one of these done of my brethren, figures, facts all are have favorable there despite and But 1 me."it unto have done ye sick; are sorrowing; have some some some who are

suffered serious losses; some live in loneliness, and if

lonely, of of to the one the sorone be we happen sick, of in of the ones the the Jhete -)pol?tjpomn WoJ"word from temple square want, one rowing, one

statistics, even though they should be ninetynine and PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING ninetynine hundredths percent reassuring, still wouldSYSTEM, DECEMBER 18, 1955

Copyright 1955 n't satisfy—not if we were hurt or hungry. If we are

hungry, we are not statistically hungry, but just plain J-Matthew 25:3440.

FEBRUARY 1956 79 WHAT SHALL WE DO WHEN

Diabetes Comes to Our House

by Josephine Williams

Yourwordsdaughterof the doctorhas diabetes."fell on Theunformand doctorsof diabetes.all askedInternes,the samenurses,quesmeal.the mealsTearsas wellaccompaniedas a completemosthopeof

believing ears. How could my tion: "Who in your families has lessness on everyone's part when, in

nineyear-old have such a dread disdiabetes?"We scanned aunts, uncles, spite of the careful diet, the tests still

ease? Visions of all the terrible cousins, asked for verbal reports on showed sugar traces occasionally. But

consequences flooded my mind. As departed grandparents, greatgrand- as the weeks passed, the diet became

the tears came, the doctor kindly parents—with no results. No one more acceptable, and the reward of

patted my shoulder and said, "It had diabetes. According to the prosugar-free tests made up for the sacwon't be as bad as you think. In fact, fessional people, this was not possible rifices. Nothing would be too great

it may prove a blessing to you and when such a young child contracted to keep from having daily shots of the rest of your family."I was sure it. So perhaps one of Lynn's aninsulin and a lifetime of watching

he was wrong. Diabetes could never cestors who died an early death had one's diet.

be anything but a curse. the dread disease. It may even have And then it happened! People with

It had all started some four months caused the death unknowingly since diabetes have to watch very carebefore, in August, when I had taken all the facts of diabetes are of comfully for infections as they seem to

Lynn to the doctor for her regular paratively recent discovery. flare up quickly and seriously. Lynn

monthly checkup. At the age of five Still our hopes were not completely caught a very bad cold, and no

she had had a spell of rheumatic stifled, for the doctor assured us that amount of dieting kept the urine tests fever which had kept her in bed for she had such a mild case she might under control. Each day as she beeight months, and while she seemed be able to overcome it with a strict came more and more miserable with

perfectly healthy and completely diet. As she grew older, she might headaches, languor, and nausea, we

recovered, the monthly checkup completely outgrow it, although usufelt that any cure would be worth seemed a good precaution. In July ally diabetes in children was more while if only she could be once again

she had been perfect. In August the serious than when it began in adults. her happy, sweet, energetic self.

doctor found a trace of sugar in her So Lynn and I started our battle. So the latter part of November saw

urine and suggested that we send anWe were determined, to conquer the Lynn again in the hospital, this time other test down the next day. Hoping demon. Imagine, if you can, what it for a most unhappy trip. In order

to make a better test, I kept all would mean to a nineyear-old sudto determine how much insulin she sweets away from her during those denly to have her complete supply of would need and also to set up a mealtwenty-four hours, but the next test ice cream, candy, gum, soft drinks, bymeal diet that would give her showed the same trace. The following pie, cake, and the like, cut off. To exactly the right balance in protein,

day we took four tests at fourhour her it was the end of the world. The carbohydrates, fats, etc., it was necesintervals and had them analyzed. other youngsters in the family cosary to bring her into an insulin

All showed some sugar content. operated beautifully, and though they shock several times as well as to let

Cautiously the doctor suggested sneaked off occasionally to indulge in her go almost into the coma caused that she be put into a hospital to see sweets, most of the time they joined by too much sugar. Most of the time

what might be causing this. It was us in Lynn's diet. she felt very miserable, especially as

not serious but was something that But it was so hard to eat all that the nurses had to insist on her eating was necessary. A nineyear-old had everything on the tray so that theshould be checked. Never dreaming

tests breakfast eggs for authentic. have two would be more when Eachthe outcome, Lynn went reluctantly, to

first called visit for usually one great night had her, her as I would to the hospital, a place she had never protest. There must also be cooked tearful words would be, "When I

been and now hated to visit when cereal and milk as well as fruit and come home, you won't make me eat she felt so well. toast. Lunch and supper must inso much, will you?"In addition to

A week of testing and watching of clude a great deal of meat or cheese her three meals, she was having a diet indicated that she had a mild and two or three vegetables at each midafternoon and a beforebed snack.

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My worries were not only on her afraid that one might break. Now, ing shots on an orange, and even

food but also on her treatment. How two years later, the one is still waitthat was difficult.

could I, the most inexperienced laying to be used. I got needles and Finally with Christmas just a few

man, give her shots each day?- What then inquired as to their sterilization. days away, I urged her to make a

if I gave her too much? How could Just "boil them"I was blithely told. desperate effort so she could come

I tell how much food she should How? For how long? How far ahead home. The tree was waiting for her

have? It would take all of my time of shot time? These were only a few to help decorate it; the presents were

to figure out her diets, and unless she of the dozens of questions which ready to be wrapped; and we needed

were very cooperative more than needed answering. Fortunately, I her. I also told her that the followtime to get her to eat just what she found that there is available a tiny ing morning just as it was time for

should in the proper amounts and electric sterilizer which sterilizes quickher shot, her brother and I would be leave everything else alone! Christly and safely. It seems so simple out in front of the hospital praying

mas was almost upon us, and that now to put softened hot water into for her that she might have the courwould mean candy galore as well as it each morning. Usually within one age to do it. Her brother's paper

pies, puddings, ice cream, and all minute the water begins to boil. Two route took him right past the hospithose things she couldn't have. The minutes later, the plug is pulled out, tal, and as I helped him with the

problem of diabetes seemed more than the lid is lifted, automatically raising heavy Sunday morning papers, it was

Lynn or I could bear. the tray holding the needle and easy to stop on that dark morning

The doctor recommended three syringe. In just a minute or two and utter a fervent prayer, as we

books on diabetes for me to read for more it is sufficiently cooled for use. glanced at the lighted window of her

needed information. In desperation Christmas was approaching, and as room, that she could somewhere find

I bought all three since the public it neared I begged the doctor to get the courage to jab the needle in her library had none of them. CareLynn out of the hospital in time for leg. It was hard to wait without

fully I read from cover to cover, getthat event. I just could not bear, nor word until the night visiting hours.

ting more and more heartsick as I could she, to have her away from But we felt sure she had done it. And

tried to understand the intricacies of home. But before she came home she had!

keeping the body in balance so that she must learn, as all diabetics must, With misgivings, the doctor finally there would be just the right amount to give herself her shot. Each day released her on Christmas Eve. She

of insulin each day. Too much or too during visiting hours my first queswas not as completely under control

little would be serious, just as too tion was, "Did you give yourself your as he would have liked. I had more

much or too little food or the wrong shot today?"And each day she misgivings. I was so frightened at

kind of food could put Lynn back shamefacedly answered, "I just best to try to take care of a child into the hospital. couldn't. I tried and tried!"I knew with such a serious illness. The

I bought two syringes. I was how she felt, for I was practising givholiday season added to my worries,

but I was determined to make it seem as if everything was perfectly normal, for Lynn by this time was quite sure that, for her, life had almost ended.

"Everyone will know,"she wailed,

Even the healthy "that something is wrong with me.

child should have I can't will me. play with one

checkup the No a by as well candy. ever I might have doctor every few

months. be dead. I wish I were."There was

going to be mental health to watch as well as physical.

During her fourweek stay in the hospital, the dietician had been most helpful and said I might copy her diabetic recipes. One afternoon I

took down all that seemed to fit in with our usual diets. But when I

anticipated cooking separate meals for

Lynn week after week, I quailed: As

a widow working eight hours a day to support the youngsters, I did not have much time to take care of this, too.

For the first few days after Lynn's release from the hospital, our life was hectic. From the diet given to

me, I typed up a complete chart of the vegetables, fruits, meats, etc., she

could have, along with the count of each. This was pasted on one of the

kitchen cupboard doors. On the

—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts (Continued on page 123)

FEBRUARY 1956 81 Archaeology and the BOOK OF MORMON

by President Milton R. Hunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

the with Savior himtholomew—or2 Part IX self. that thought Others have

Quetzalcoatl may have been a EuOuetzakoatl—The "White ropean Christian who had visited

Bearded God"or Jesus Christ America perhaps a few hundred years before the arrival of Columbus. 3 In

(Continued) 1882 President John Taylor gave what is accepted by Latterday Saints fact was presented in the Janas the correct identification of the

Theuary, 1956, issue of The Improve- "White Bearded God."To quote:

ment Era that the universally acThe story of the life of the Mexican dicepted Indian traditions held by the vinity, Quetzalcoatl, closely resembles that aborigines of North, Central, and of the Savior; so closely, indeed, that we

South America at the time of the discanQuetzalcoatlcome to andno otherChristconclusionare the samethanbeing.that

covery of the New World dealt with But the history of the former has been a "White Bearded God,"known in handed down to us through an impure

Mexico as Quetzalcoatl and by various Lamanitish source, which has sadly disother names by other Indian tribes. 1 figured and perverted the original incidents

The identity of this "Fair God,"deandistry. teachings...* of the Savior's life and minscribed as a radiant, white, beautiful

being, dressed in a long, white robe, The knowledge of Christ's crucihas been a puzzle to the Catholic fixion was wellknown in Book of padres, to historians, archaeologists, Mormon days. Nephi taught the peoanthropologists, and others who have ple that

studied these Indian traditions. Nu-... the God of Jacob yieldeth himself,

merous efforts have been made to according to the words of the angel, as a identify him with certain historical man, into the hands of wicked men, to be characters, such as one of Jesus'lifted up,... and to be crucified,... E

or Barapostles—perhaps Thomas Nephi's brother, Jacob, told the

(PhilaHero-Myths American G. Brinton, aniel

Bancroft,delphia, p. 27; Hubert Howe 1882), The Nephites of Christ's crucifixion. To

2324; vol. 5, (San Francisco, 1883),Native Races pp. ancient ihe of statue Paganized stone

Prescott, the the quote: Above: Life of MexicoWilliam and H.

at in "White ChiBearded God"museum vol. York, CortesConqueror, 1898), Fernando (New

1, p. 64, vol. 2, pp. 388389.... And he also has shown unto me chicastenango, Guatemala.

that the Lord God, the Holy One of Israel, Below: PreColumbian jadite head reprethe bearded Quetzalcoatl, Mexico. in the senting manifest himself should unto them

(Photo: Paris. de Courtesy Musee flesh; after himself manifest should he and

of McNally Rand Reproduced from 1'& Homme,Co. crucify scourge should him, they and him Heyerdahl, Thor in the Indians "American

of to the angel the words according who Pacific,"1952, Plate XIX.) 6

it spake unto me.

Somewhat later Jacob declared: people in ancient America in which

he made the following statement:

Wherefore, as I said unto you, it must needs be expedient that Christ—for in the And lo, he [Jesus] cometh unto his own,

last night the angel spake unto me that... and... they shall consider him a

;"a.-ft this should be his name—should come man, and say that he hath a devil, and

Jews,... and they shall crucify shall scourge him, and shall crucify him.8

7 him—among.the..

With such an important event so

King Benjamin gave a marvelous thoroughly known among the Nesermon regarding the Savior to the phites and Lamanites, it would be 2P. De Roo, History of America Before Columbus natural for a knowledge of it to be

(Philadelphia, 1900), 3Thor Heyerdahl, Americanp. 424. Indians in the Pacific carried down from age to age among

(New York,—Photo by Otto Done

Conquest by Man1952),(Newpp. York,219345;1954),Paulpp. 170172.Herrmann, their descendants, the American InJade representation of the "White Bearded 4John Taylor, Mediation and Atonement (Salt Lake dians. History testifies that such was

1882), in City, era. Christian from early MuseumGod"p. 201. the case. Several Catholic padres 19:10. B l Nephi City, Guatemala, CentralGuatemala Amer- 2 6:9. Nephi

ica. ''Ibid., 10:3. sMosiah 3:9.

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ancient Aztec representation in stone of the "Fair God,"Quetzalcoatl. (Photo: Dietschy, 1941. Courtesy of

Rand McNally & Co.

Reproduced from Heyerdahl, ibid., Plate

XXII, No. 1.)

were told by the Indians that QuetIn another place he observes: "The Mexizalcoatl had suffered death by crucicans believe that QuetzalcoatI took human

fixion. Von Humboldt, an important naturefirmitiesuponof man,him, andpartakingwas notofexemptall thefrominexplorer and collector of Indian tradisorrow, pain or death, which he suffered

tions during the past century, states voluntarily to atone for the sins of man."30

that he "... was crucified for the sins (Italics were Pres. Taylor's.)

Early stone statue representing the "White isof in as plainly declared mankind, of traditionthe Yucatan, and mysJuan de Torquemada, a famous tesyBeardedof RandGod"McNallyfrom Oaxaca,& Co.Mexico.Reproduced(Courteriously represented in the Mexican Catholic missionary who spent much from Heyerdahl, ibid., Plate XXI, No. 2.)

paintings."9 of his life laboring with the Indians

in Mexico and in gathering their tracollected nureverence, Kingsborough of said. reigns, the sake Lord they For ditions, entitled wrote a book Montheir leaves did not with turn they the writings legends and Indianmerous

first Indiana. arquia This book was stick along kept a tiny hands, but with published fathersof Catholic and

published in Spain in 1613 A.D. In with the book for that purpose. The friar

them in nine massive volumes under it Torquemada wrote the following having asked the Indian what the contents the title of Antiquities of Mexico. In interesting report: of the volume were and its teachings, the

his famous collection he presents much old man could not give the details, but

it yet, that, in existence said it would were of the crucifixion the ofevidence grave a de friar Mercado, Diego named A of that teachings that the evident Book of be of his Order, dignitary one a and Speaking Bearded God."of man"White

friar of the the were one preaching and of his time, religionists the exemplary most Presidocument, Mexicanan early venerable the the heirloom But same. and his that signature told wrote above and Kings quotes Taylordent its John in the perished ground, where had with conversation a held years he ago had

had buried it at the arrival of theborough as stating: old years seventy over on guardians Indian an Otomi

Spaniards. 11 Inrelating to holy faith. our matters The

"QuetzalcoatI is there painted in the attidian narrated to him how, long ago, the tude of a person crucified, with the impresOtomis were in possession of a book, handed Bishop Bartholome de las Casas, sion of nails in his hands and feet, but not down from father to son and guarded by a famous Spanish missionary, devoted cross."Again:actually the "The upon it of importance, duty whose persons was of his life Indians the to teaching to most the of plate the Borgianseventythird MS. is

it. of that explain had page book Each recording Mexico, of Chiapas, and is all, for QuetzalcoatI of remarkablemost these columns two columns, between and

not only represented there as crucified upon were paintings which represented Christ their beliefs. He reported that Fran-

a cross of Greek form, but his burial and crucified, whose features wore the exprescis Hernandez, a priest laboring under descent into hell are also depicted in a very sion of sadness; and such is the God who (Continued on following page)

curious manner."

10Lord Kingsborough, Antiquities of Mexico, cited in J1Juan de Torquemada, Monarquia Indiana (first "Von Humboldt, cited in Taylor, op. cit., p. 202. Taylor, idem. published in Spain in 1615), 1732 ed., tomo, p. 15.

FEBRUARY 1956 83 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Continued from preceding page) Master's body lay in the tomb. 14 It To quote:

is not strange that of the knowledgehis direction, statwrote a letter him. eclipsed, the and.. the sun and moon survive events momentous woulding consuch Indians that the he had broke, rocks the and the earth trembled, and

tacted possessed a tradition of a Goduntil after the discovery of America many other things and signs took place, head composed of three members, by Columbus, and documentary... This happened in the year of ce Colli,

similar to the Holy Trinity worshiped sources testify that this was the case. which, adjusting this count with ours, comes

by the Christians. Icona was the As a result of his extensive study toLordbe suffered,at the sameand timethey whensay thatChristit hapour

name the Indians applied to the indiof the American aborigines, Dr. P. pened during the first days of the year....

vidual comparable to God the Father; De Roo made the following state- A few days after he [Quetzalcoatl] went

Bacab was their name for Jesus ment: from there, the destruction and desolation

Christ; and Echuac was comparable related of the third age of the world took

to the Holy Ghost. The letter also deathAnotherseemscircumstanceto be rememberedof our in Saviour'sMexico, place,rable andand sumptuousthen was destroyedbuilding andthattowermemoin

stated that one of the old native for it is related in its traditions that, at the the city of Cholula, which was like another chiefs claimed that the following story disappearance of Quetzalcoatl, both sun and tower of Babel, which these people were in darkness, it were covered while a building the almost with same designs,had come down to him from his anmoon 15 single star in appeared heavens. the being destroyed wind. by the And later ancestors:cient

those who escaped the extermination of the "... They [the Chiapan Indians] tell that Compare the following description third age built a temple on its ruins to

Eopuco put him [Bacab, the "White Bearded from the Book of Mormon with De Quetzalcoatl, whom they placed as god of to death, scourged,God"] placed had him Roo's statement: wind,its destruction,because thethey windunderstandingwas the thatcausethisof of thornsa crown his head, on and hung

his sent calamity hand; they by was and with extended pole;him arms from a not it to there pass that thick came And was

it likewise ce called Acatl, the which was thatmeaning nailed to he but was bound all darkness inof face land, the the upon of of his as the year coming. And, nameit; to better explain, the chief and extended the that inhabitants asmuch thereof who histories the through it seems mentioned."..his arms. finally died, There he own fallen feel not could 12 had of the vapor the annals, aforementioned and happened

darkness. the years Incarnation Christ after some of foregoing tradition of the The 19 there light neither seen, not was any And Lord. our

Chiapan Indians constitutes one more fire, nor glimmer, neither the sun, nor the version of the crucifixion of the "Fair moon, nor the stars, for so great were the Certain historians have maintained of darkness which were upon theGod."De Roo adds the following mists that Ixtlilxochitl received his informaface of the land. 16

information concerning their tradition from the Catholic priests. It is

tion: Students of the Book of Mormon logical to believe that the Catholic

Ixtlilxofathers could not have given readily recognize the Infact that the noticed before that the Chiapan We have the information regarding chitl anysongod, Bacab, dians'tradition, had been scourged by who mentioned by De

Eopuco and crowned with thorns, had also Roo, that "... a single star appeared terrific destruction and unusual phedivine thebeen virgin the son of Mexican of the nature on Western nomena in the at heavens"Quetzalcoatl's

goddess. of This Chibirias son or same of Christ's at the time Hemisphere death, confuses that event took an to cruciput had beenChimalma death by crucifixion, since nothing they knew at place birth of the Christ thefixion; this sacrilegious with and been crime had

perpetrated on a Friday. So had the events that occurred at his death; of those events. Such information

Chiapans been informed by bearded men for the Nephites records declare: could have come from only one of

who in ancient times had taught them to three sources, namely: first, from the

theirconfess sins to fast every Friday and of published un-... Samuel, the Lamanite did propheBook Mormon—not.., 13 of the of Bacab. deathin honor

. sy. later; second, years the.. til 230 from

The foregoing quotations from sevBehold, I give unto you a sign; for five heavens through direct revelation; and

years cometh, behold, more then and cometh third, from records from handed downeral writers indicate of all the to those Son redeem God who his traditions ancestors received and of discoveryof the shall believe on his name. thatAmerica—evenat the time

the old third people. from The thebefore aborigines had had opporbehold, shall star arise, there And a new

Ixtlilxochitl the source claimed to betunities to receive information from such beheld; one as an ye never have and

information the in writing he used this also shall be a sign [of Christ's birth] ofEuropean knowledge Christians—the

you. 17 his history of the account marvelousof the crucifixion of the "Fair God"unto

was widespread. Since this event of the American Indians. Thus it

of this prophecy The fulfilment writer to the the that is seems Works of inthoroughly by thewas known as follows: recorded it came to "And Ixtlilxochitl seritaken be very must is ashabitants of ancient America,

star pass also that a new in did appear, ously students general and by it is inattested records, the Nephite 18 according to the word."as authoritaesteemed genuine andlogical to that that is conclude the

source of the Indian traditions. A marvelous account of the detive.

struction the took place which on as legends Indian reported The by is vivid graphic account and A at of time the given Western Hemisphere the missionaries, stateCatholic the ofin the the darkBook of Mormon Christ's crucifixion recorded was by Ixtlilxochitl, ments the by made andness prevailed that the Western upon

Ixtlilxochitl, prince an Indian who story in of the given Book Mormon terrible destructheHemisphere and tion which took place at the time of lived near the city of Mexico (1600 all agree on several important points

A.D.). relative to the events which occurredChrist's crucifixion and the excessive

darkness that prevailed while the ]431BDeNephiRoo, op.5:9-10.cit., p. 190. (Continued on page 98)

i03 Nephi 8:20, 22. lsWorks of Ixtlilxochitl, cited in Milton R. Hunter

1:rLas Casas, cited in De Roo, op. cit., p. 373. 17Helaman 14:1-2, 5. and Thomas Stuart Ferguson, Ancient America and

mdem, p. 431. 1S3 Nephi 1:21. the Book of Mormon (Oakland, 1950), p. 190.

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bk m

Give."MS::- and Take

by Vera Mayheiv

just to look at the poor old thing and then not say a word.

"When I come down town I like to come a little early and watch the squirrels. Puts me in mind of the

farm. Not that Madison is not a

nice city. It's beautiful and you

know it has an interesting history being between two lakes like this. I

"Something old,"like it that the State House and all grandmother said are right in the middle this way, with the softly. "Take the stores all around. Makes it sort old from best of the

both your lives, My of solid, somehow, and protected."

new Dear, and that is Garrulous, Pearl thought, and she that something peculiarly yours toyearned to be on her way. But early

gether and weave training in courtesy kept her glued to yourselves a wonher bench until she could think of derful life."

something to say that would get her away gracefully. Pearl's mind was

traveling one track these days, the selfishness of Joe in bringing her from her home in the West to live here. It

was fine for him. There were experiments going on at the University in

-Illustrated bij Siegfried Widmar his special agricultural field, and he could get them firsthand while he continued to work. But for her it was

awful. No family, no friends, and

Pearl Condon sat on a park Pearl turned to see who was speakthe Church so hard to get to. If bench and watched the squirrels ing. The woman on the other end Joe had to have the car, she couldn't

play without really seeing them. of the bench must be seventy at get the children to Primary, and she

She had taken the children to school least, Pearl thought. Poorly dressed, and Joe almost never went to Mutual.

and then driven down town to do an work worn, she looked so tired. She They always managed Church on imwere other things the but Sunday, or before back sheerrand went two life, little in her enough have must chilto the especially too, portant It for the early a littlehome. was in interested to be Pearl mused, up. dren growing crossedstores to so she be open had squirrels played or gray red whether cause tried living farm on a "Pa street into the Capitol groundsthe

raised,"on the courthouse lawn. that's and where I was born bitterness. her withand sat down

"Oh dear, that red one will chase "Really?"Pearl said, not wanting Pearl became conscious of her comthe others away. Those reds are so to talk and yet feeling that it would panion. "We had the four children

aggressive."be more unkind than even she felt {Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1956 85 GIVE AND TAKE

(Continued from preceding page) and was really sitting on the park culiarly yours together and weave and I knew it would be good for them bench trying to decide whether to yourselves a wonderful life."

in the country. But Pa just couldn't wire her parents that she was coming Wasn't that just another way of

take it, so we moved back into town home or try once more to talk things saying compromise? That thing she

and he got a job in the print shop. over with Joe. Now this dowdy old wasn't going to have in her marIt's right a man should work where woman was repeating Joe's very riage? But if you didn't have comprohe likes it."words. She must get away, really. mise it had to be all one way or all

Pearl really looked at the woman She looked at her watch and murthe other. Would she admire Joe

for the first time. Her gnarled hands mured, "The stores must be open if he just followed her way? But

were crossed on her bony knees, and now. I have to hurry. Excuse me could she be happy just following

her tired eyes were seeing the past please."his?

as well as the squirrels. But as Pearl did her errands and She put her head in her hands.

"You mean you spent your whole later her housework she kept thinkShe had a lot of thinking to do.

life in the city and kept the children ing about the woman on the park The children came in full of the here when all the time you wanted bench. She wondered what had day's happenings at school and she

to live on a farm?"Pearl asked. happened to the four children. Had gave them abstracted attention, her

"Well, yes, in a way,"the woman they turned out well or were they mind still busy. She prepared dinner

answered. born to be farmers and were now in a sort of haze and got the children

"What do you mean, in a way?"frustrated city dwellers? Not rich, at washed and ready and watching telePearl asked. "Did you move back any rate, she thought, judging from vision while they waited for Joe to

and forth?"the appearance of the mother. But come in.

"No. You see Pa knew I liked it maybe the mother was just indeWhen she heard Joe's step on the

in the country so we got a house just pendent. What's the matter with me, stair she had a moment's qualm.

outside of town where I could have she thought. I guess they could find What if he were still angry? she

a little garden and raise some pups, a farm if they wanted to, for goodthought. What if we can't talk?

things like that. It wasn't like the ness sake. Still she had the exasperWhat if we have forgotten how to

farm, but the children did see and ated feeling that she had left a story get through to each other?

work with growing things."half read and now could not find the Jeannie had the door open and was

"You mean you compromised?"magazine. That's me, so full of myhanging on to her father with Bud

Pearl said in a flat voice. self I couldn't give a lonely person not far behind. Joe gave Pearl a

The woman smiled a tired smile. a chance to talk. questioning look over their heads as

"Isn't that what marriage is?"she So full of myself, she thought, and he stopped and hugged them both

asked. "It's all a matter of give and dropped the mending she was trying close to him.

take."to do. Maybe Joe isn't the only self- "Dad did you know that Madison

Not mine, Pearl thought. Mine is ish one. Just because I had a wonderis built between two lakes and one

going to be a working together for ful childhood, living close to grandis an Indian man and one is an Inthe children and what's best for them. parents and uncles and aunts and dian woman?"Ben asked.

She sat silent on the park bench and cousins and almost next door to the And wisdom goes out from the her companion went on. Church, doesn't mean that there isn't center of the city to the life all

"It doesn't really matter where you any other kind of good childhood. around? Jane thought as she lislive if you live in peace."Pearl sat Just because my home town is close tened to Bud's account of the Indian

a little straighter. Was this woman to the tall mountains that give a feelman and the Indian woman.

some sort of mind reader? Her ing of strength and stability doesn't "There are lots of interesting lakes

cheeks flushed angrily as she thought mean there is no beauty anywhere in Wisconsin and lots of interesting of Joe at the breakfast table. else. She crossed the room and sat Indian, stories connected with them,"

"Look, Pearl,"he had said. "You're down in a chair near the window. Joe said. "This summer we'll travel

being a child about this. You're not From where she sat she could see around a little week ends and for

acting as old as Jeannie. It doesn't across the town to the lake. She our vacation and see some of them."

matter to kids where they live, it watched quietly and let the peaceful Later that night Joe looked at only matters how they live,"and he beauty of the water settle round her Pearl and said quietly, "I didn't had pushed his chair back with such heart. She felt as if a filmy veil had really mean what I said about week

force that it toppled over, and he been removed from in front of her ends and vacation this summer. I

hurried out of the house leaving his face and she was seeing things clearstarted some wheels working today. I

breakfast half eaten. ly for the first time. She remembered think we'll be back home by the end

Pearl had looked at the white, the vows she had taken in the temof June."

strained faces of her children and ple the day of her marriage. She Pearl's heart lurched. "I started

thought, I suppose it isn't childish to remembered getting ready for her resome wheels working, too,"she said.

rush out without breakfast and slam ception in the evening and her grand- "Mostly in my head. A man has a

doors. She tried to put on a smile mother coming in to her room to place right to work where he is happiest,"

and finish her own meal but it was a string of crystal beads around her she quoted almost under her breath.

a sorry attempt. She knew the horrid neck. "Something old,"Grandmother "A man's responsibility is the hapscene had made an impression on the said softly. "Take the best of the piness of his family,"Joe answered.

children. She had been unable to old from both your lives, my dear, "If you aren't happy here the kids

think of any thing else all morning and that new something that is pe- (Continued on page 103) 86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are those among us who disSo, then, even if we are planningThere like to perform a certain task simto relocate, why defer improvements ply because we will not reap the on our present home just because benefits of the labor we must expend someone else will enjoy them and in its performance. Mrs. Jones was not us? The To put Mr. Powers'sound philossuch an individual. She and her

husband owned a comfortable home. ophy to the test, I have only to turn

But because the neighborhood had to myself to discover the truth of hisbecome a little more populated than Rewards words.

they liked, they had thought about We purchased a home in the subselling the place. urbs. The previous owners had

"Farther out into the country,"possessed the kindness of heart to Untold! trellis in our complete garden withshe'd say, "where things will be lots

quieter."honeysuckle vines. I cannot begin to

With this thought in mind, Mrs. tell the enjoyment these honeyJones did not think it wise to do any suckledwalls have given us, not only

"extras"around the place. by Louise Parnell in their beauty but also in the

"We won't be here to enjoy them, quietude they afford and in the anyway! No sense leaving it all to pungent sweetness of their fragrance

the next fellow!"on a hot summer's night. They have

given us a serenity of mind and of

In the meanwhile, the price on soul that is priceless.

property skyrocketed beyond all sense of proportion. Even though they How have the previous owners

could get a good price on1 their own benefited from our pleasure? There

home, still they figured they would isn't a time that we admire the have to carry a mortgage if they honeysuckle without thinking of the were to get something as nice as the Tunnisons. In thinking of them, our

home which they now owned. thoughts are all good thoughts. Because good thoughts have a way of

The result? Three years went by, reaching their mark, there is no doubt

and the Jones'were still waiting for that the heart of the Tunnisons must the right moment to make the right gladden more times than we can remove. cord.

were the the meanwhile, where In tree It is with the maple the same to fruit trees had wanted which they next door. the that dominates lawn

replace? Still not planted!

If Miss Campbell, the elderly spinster

Where were the rosebushes that who lived there some time ago, had they had meant to add to their rosebeen selfish and refused to plant the garden? Still not planted! tree just because she knew she was

And where was the veranda on going to pass her years of retirement which they had thought to get an in Florida, far from here, then the estimate so that they could enjoy the beautiful maple would not be there!

cool breezes of summer evenings? Still Could she have foreseen the inonly in their minds! valid who now lives in the home she

The obvious result? They were de-—Davis of Monkmeyer Press formerly occupied, daily reclining in

priving themselves of certain pleas- ''Saving the soil for future generations."his wheel chair beneath the maple,

ures, only because they, were afraid giving him the solace and comfort he to leave them to the other fellow to needs? No, she could not have foreenjoy. seen this. Time has a way of un-

I a lease on today. And "But do have folding events in her own special way. But what an entirely different atti- I a lot There's that's counts! what

if she ever decides tude Mr. Powers had on life! He was can do today, so I'm doing it!"He But, certainly,

a widower in his late seventies. By paused a while reflectively. Then, to pay a visit here, her heart will rethe law of averages, there were not he went on. joice when she notes the pleasure

earth. left for years too on him many brought. her has work which

trees these I'm "See it. not that did But knew He it is as to things Yes, do good those come I'm gone and - whoplanting? deter When planned he doing had from what him for ourare doing them though we fruit of after eat live the to here me interlet to to do. time refused He will done. well selves. they be Then, they'll trees, don't think these you

fere. to replace the day came When will It not that matter does not we I bless planted the them? Of day

trees, fruit did. the he will directly. benefit from them We they'll will! think they course And

"You won't be around to taste a kindly of me. So—that's a good always gain indirectly.

one!"an old friend of his teased. enough reason for me to want to And that is equally as good, if not

"I know I won't, John,"Mr. Powers plant them, John. I don't need anbetter. For the rewards untold of

replied. "You don't think for a minother one!"blessings cast in our direction are so

ute that I think I have a lease on life, Mr. Powers had not lived seventygreat we cannot begin to compute

do you?"he asked with a sly wink. odd years for nothing! them.

FEBRUARY 1956 87 (Continued)

a is point what makes one ofThat consider heroic the secage. Now

ond characteristic,"Blank drew afigure 2 on the board and read from Jaredites

Chadwick. "'Feeling for nationality,'aggfPSwww**

says our guide, (Chadwick, p. 94) 'is

of no account in heroic poetry and by Dr. Hugh Nibley

saga. Love of home and the duty of BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

defending it are of course recognized, but the interest... is always concenthey have to, and in every case they shut his eyes, "glorious Agamemnon

or experiencestrated doings upon the in. at settle for Achilles going each are looking lands to and godlike

"describes the individuals.'of Kramer

..."cats. of alley forcibly evicted other like a couple from have been They

situation succinctly: their old homes and grazing lands. "Exactly. And that is typical. You

Now the most characteristic feature of all Now it is granted that these people have a loose military hierarchy, a four of our heroic ages is this: they reprewherever they go find civilization 'in very mixed army thrown together in a

cultural a rather barbaricsent stage in the the process of disintegration'to quote forced campaign of survival under life of far indeed people a which has come from the primitive but has not yet attained Kramer—it is a time of world calamchieftains who quarrel ferociously

the maturity and stability of a civilized soity. What reason have we therefore among themselves and are always

ciety. Its dominant element is a rather to doubt that it was the disintegratrying to decide who outranks whom.

numerous military class... to whom the tion of their own less stable civilization It is a tense and unpleasant situaof counts bulkunderlying population the

is It aristothat forced them to move in the first tion from start to finish, with everyfor knightly these very little.

crats who have freed themselves from the place? If they move in on a world body's nerves strained to the breaktribal obligations and idea which govern in collapse, you can be perfectly sure ing point and all the people running

the more primitive peoples. At the same that they left one behind as well around and asking, 'Who's in

time they have developed no true national otherwise they would never have micharge around here?'I ask you, can

organization are inspired and by little if grated."this chaotic organization in which no

feeling; their successany national and

failure depend on the personal prowess of "Any evidence for that?"one is sure of his place possibly be the

their leaders and kings whom they follow "The epics are full of it. The mere result of orderly growth, settled tradi-

... but from whom they are ready to drift fact that our heroes do not enjoy tion, or careful planning? It is a

peaceful these tend to turn tooaway if or what they are doing but want to get desperate makeshift that pleases no- 1* their in ungenerous rewards.become

the business over with and settle body. As Achilles says right at the

"Looks like a whole list of points down as soon as possible should be outset, the whole thing wasn't his for Ether,"the professor observed, and indication enough. Most epic poems idea, and he has left much better

Mr. Blank modestly confessed that it are in mood little more than a prothings behind. So had the lady

was a remarkably good description of longed agony. Remember what Andromache left a happy world bethe very conditions described in Goethe says about the Iliad? That it hind—in ashes.. The Jaredites didn't

Ether and pointed out by him in a teaches us just one thing: 'that life travel light, but still they never reminor tract on the world of the on this earth is a hell.'But note garded their own civilization as anyJaredites. "But isn't it remarkable,"what Kramer says here: these people thing but a pale reflection of the

heculiar-—weadded, "thatmightthisalmostcomplexsayandfreakpe- havetribal allobligations.''freed themselvesThat meansfrom. the.. hind."original article they had to leave beish—state of things turns up complete breaking up of old orders and the "Let's get on to our third point,"

in epic literature wherever we find cracking of old molds. These people said the professor.

it?"have seen their traditional social order "Which is, that epic is concerned

"There is one slip though,"said the collapse, and with it all sense of senot only with individuals but also professor, "Kramer says these are curity. The heroic mood is one of primarily with individuals who are

people who have 'not yet attained the sheer desperation, as E. V. Gordon princes: the cast of characters, we are

maturity and stability of a civilized points out. Do you have him? Good: told, 'consists almost wholly of princes

society,'and yet your Jaredites are '... a good resistance against overand their military followers.'(P. 64.)

supposed to have had everything that powering odds was made the charAmong these 'there is usually one belongs to a very sophisticated world, acteristic situation of heroic literacharacter whose adventures form the including a library."ture... the gods themselves knew chief subject of interest.''(P. 78.)

"Well, what does Kramer or anythat they would in the end be over- "That, I suppose, is why the whole body know about any of these people whelmed by the evil powers, but they thing is called heroic—centers around

before their migrations started? Only were prepared to resist to the last. a hero?"

this, that something in every case Every religiousminded man of the "Yes, in every epic there are heroes forced them to move; if they come heathen age believed that he existed and also the hero."

onto the stage rather shabbily equipfor the sake of that hopeless cause...'"A sort of superman."

ped, it is not because they began life and so on. 13 That is not, I submit, a "He is always mortal and human,

that way but because something happermanent, stable, or even tolerable and he always occupies a position of pened that made them pull up stakes state of things. And what about their subordination, taking orders from a

in a hurry and clear out with just military organization? Do you rerelatively colorless king or comenough stuff for a forced march. Remember how things went in the counmander. He has almost superhuman,

nomads—theymember, these peopleare movingare not habitualbecause cils"Iof seemthe chiefsto recall,"in Homer?"the professor butyet neverfrom supernatural,time to timestrength,he receivesand

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA supernatural aid. Altogether a strange real heroes in the legendary sense the rules, but the rules are there.

and impressive figure!"(Chadwick, ilherlebensgross, the Germans would 'Yet, strangely enough,'says Chadchap. V.) say: the outsized images of real peowick, 'even the greatest heroes some-

"You will forgive me,"said the prople, like statues of heroic size."times win their most notable trifessor, "if I suggest that you have "And yet,"his friend added, loumphs by means which appear to us

been describing the brother of Jared cating another passage in Chadwick, unfair.'"(P. 86.)

to the life.""there is this interesting thing about "That sounds like a prize under-

"His overwhelming importance is them. Chadwick notes that even statement."

understandable if one considers that though the most ferocious and even "Our heroes fight a lot. I think

during actual migration the complete depraved characters occupy the stage Gordon is right when he says that the preponderance of one strong charof epic, 'there is no character who apidea that they loved fighting is wrong acter is a necessity. Have you seen pears uniformly in an unfavorable—they fought only when and because

C. S. Coon's new opus? I have it light.'(P. 82.) You will find that they had to."

here, by the way. Here at the beginalso true of the Jaredite monsters—"Which was most of the time, it

ning he gives us an interesting picone can't help feeling a touch of adwould seem."

ture of the human race living for at miration and sympathy even for Shiz "Yes, Chadwick writes, 'Warfare is least ninety percent of its lifetime on and Coriantumr, and the licentious an essential rather than an accessory earth as wandering hunters; I must tyrants like Noah and Riplakish are of heroic life.'(P. 95.) And that

admit it is strictly in the H. G. Wells not real patrons of the arts but have leads to our next point: that the scene

tradition, but anyway he imagines also a touch of real magnificence. of action in the epics is confined exthat these 'hunters lived in bands Chadwick rings the bell here: 'The clusively to the battlefield, the court,

of from two to twenty or so families, behavior of the heroes often strikes the hunt, or some place of advenall usually related to each other. In their reader as childish or brutal.'"ture—usually a wilderness."(P. 79.)

each band, while families were inde- (P. 77.) "Aha! You say wilderness to put

pendent, the leadership was vested "No comment necessary,"said F. me in mind of Ether. But I guess

it's fair game."

-'.. "No, I am thinking of certain key

epics in which the wilderness is the k normal background. Of course there

is Siegfried, vibrating between the woods and the court—I dare say

Wagner's heroic world of caves and forests was not all papiermache. But

bring Ether into it if you must; I

will make no objection. In fact the

next point almost compels you to think of it: 'Fighting is apt to take

the form of single combats between

Hunting scene from a prehistoric Egyptian palette. An army of beaters is leading heroes.'(P. 95.) Offhand I

variety to the great animals the driving an enclosure. Note of game. This shows would say that that is certainly the 10:19 ancient. described is very royal in Ether the that hunt as

bestknown aspect of epic story."

''In their dealings with one an- "And quite well known in Josephin one man in his prime, distinguished for his skill at providing other,'"the other continued to read, Smith's day,"the professor commeat, in preventing and settling "'a dignified and fastidious tone... mented.

quarrels, and in conducting foreign prevails,'even between bitter rivals, "For which reason,"the other affairs....'14 If there is anything to that is."(P. 78.) countered, "it is all the more necesthat, then the organization of the epic "Rules of chivalry and all that."sary to distinguish between mere eyemigrations was simply a reversion to "Yes, as is wellknown, the rules catching episodes and the complete

normal ways of life. Be that as it and the cult of chivalry originated epic milieu, which was definitely not

may, the portrait of the brother of with these people. Fighting was strictknown in the Prophet's day."

Jared as a great primal hero and ly according to the book, with formal "But after all, he could have read migration leader is a very striking challenges and exchange of messenHomer or Robin Hood, or something."

one—remember that the book of Ether gers. When one hero submits to an- "Homer, yes. But Robin Hood

as it comes to us is supposed to have other, his followers are spared. Fightisn't epic. You would be surprised

been composed from traditions and ing ceases formally at sundown, with how few epic texts had appeared in materials handed down for thouno funny stuff during the night...."print. Homer, in fact, was the only

of those think years."sands you seriously old real writer "Do thought available—people actually rules? a "In kept the I seem way,"mused the professor, boys Dante, and Camoens, and Virgil were

"it is rather remarkable that the only to remember Achilles and Ajax flyepics, of course, but that only shows really heroic figures in the Book of ing off the handle."how little anyone understood what

Mormon are found in Ether. Lehi, "And do you remember how Achilepic was. While I was still in high

Nephi, King Benjamin, and the others les was slapped down for it by his school scholars firmly believed that were certainly great men, but after divine mother? And how when Ajax epic poetry was 'deepbrowed Homer's

all they were normal human beings sobered up he was so humiliated by demesne,'the product of poetic imagin trying situations. With Ether it what he had done that he comination pure and simple whether of a

is get some positively mitted suicide? Of course they break (Continued on page 106) different—you

FEBRUARY 1956 89 PART 5 Solomon Mack by Archibald F. Bennett

SECRETARY GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY and His Family

that pleasure first, restore at can the and earlier theirs are spent the last few among the many MackSolomon is disorganized. which at the graves and unhis life years of unnamed in Gilsum, "now in successes first peculiar The of my

home of his son, Solomon Mack, known."way was twelve years since, and from nearlythis

Jr. The latter had a family of seven that date I have had little rest. In addiJASON, LYDIA, AND DANIEL tion to the incessant calls which I, in asurviving children. For many years GATES MACK short time had, there was the most overafterwards residents of Gilsum retained the memory of him in his old Jason Mack, eldest child of Solowhelmingdown upon torrentme that ofI everoppositionwitnessed.pouredBut

age, "riding about town on a sidemon Mack and Lydia Gates, was born it pleased God to take the weak to consaddle. At the age of 76, he (had) about 1760, probably in Lyme, New found the wisdom of the wise. I have in

experienced a very remarkable reLondon, Connecticut. He served in the last twelve years seen the greatest maniligious conversion, and became zealhis youth with his father and brother festationsthe sick, ofthat,thewithpowerall ofmyGodsanguinity,in healingI

ous, often visiting the schools and Stephen in the Revolutionary War. ever hoped or imagined. And when the

talking to the young on the subject He was a preacher of the word learned infidel has declared with sober face, of religion."73 throughout his life, from the age of time and again, that disease had obtained

be could that death ascendancy such an his first disappointAfter for 1819 twenty. tax levy at Gilsum The the longer, victim resisted that must no

related, already ment in love,lists as residents both Solomon Mack seen he marwither his potent I have arm, beneath and Solomon Mack, Jr. That for ried again, and had children. For the almost lifeless clay slowly but surely

1820 names only Solomon Mack, Jr. many years he taught and assisted resuscitated, and revive, till the pallid monleft fled patient far so that the was in the states and ster of Vermont is father that the reason had othersThe

full health. of vigorous in the But bloom York. New of years just shortdied, 88 days 23

it, it let is to that hath and done him God his relatives 1815 he visited About inof age. the buried Bond was He all given. praise the be

Cemetery (now called the Centennial in Tunbridge, Vermont. Twenty I am now compelled to close this epistle,

Cemetery) on a hill above the town years later he wrote a letter to his for I must start immediately on a journey of miles, to attend than one hundred brother Solomon, which his sister moreof brief inscription on Gilsum. The

sickness; of case be a heavy with so God preserved. Lucyhis reads: gravestone all. Farewell! you Mack. Jason

of Ormucto Branch South 1st MACK, SOLOMON conreceived intelligence of Brunswick next we Province The New 1820 23, Aug. Died letter after Brother to his 30th, 1835. cerning Jason, June

yrs. 84 AE. wife, oldest his he, that and was, Solomon, Solomon: Brother Dear My earlier, this acSolomon related concludes son, dead, and been were (As has my

to 74 hear surprised will, be doubt, no You dewere papers brother apprentice of Jason. original countMack's my in abstill alive, an although I that am desired Solomon a masterstroyed by who

written I never years of have sence twenty of third daughter Mack, Lydia he went was. he So thanto younger appear

I forgive will trust before. you to But you of his life that the date believing Gates, was Lydia Solomonthrough and Mack

of for the that, I tell most you when me gene1735. Later Septemberbirth was in at Hampshire, Marlow, born New that situated I so years, been have twenty thealogical research Lyme has 26,proved—in she family 1764. the year the with With or little communication I no had have was Solomon MackVital Records—that meetings, lines, holding been have the and married. she Gilsum, to where moved the 15, 1732. Hence there Septemberborn place; beto place night, from and day reads: record marriage The here his recorded agedifference between

so with taken sides, has been up mind my his tombstone.) stated onand earth, the of the situation deplorable Bill the Marand Lyday was Samuel Mack

7;i lies, it that, in when 1786. which darkness ried my 26 Jan.

resting last his visited we When I lines, not did the near call labors did me place on October 9, 1951, we drove realize the opportunity which presented itSamuel Bill was a member of one up a steep winding road, leading from self of letting you know where I was. And, of the most numerous, prominent,

the Ashuelot River, into the cemeagain, I have designed visiting you long and influential families in Gilsum.

at Hebron, Conn., Feb. 27, 1763,tery. His grave was located in front since,that theandsucceedingannually yearhave I promisedwould certainlymyself Born

of a clump of willows. The stone seek out my relatives, and enjoy the privihe was the son of Samuel Bill and

marker had been broken, and was lege of one pleasing interview with them Sarah Bond. From his father he infastened together with iron straps. before I passed into the valley and shadow herited the home where he lived, and

let least, last, not death. of though But of resting in his son possession this and continued wereBeside him home

I say, that, acstartle not you when me a low for familyrelatives, in a century. over which a lot around the same of principles early to adopted cording my

curbstone had been built by Solothe power of faith, the Lord has, in his exHe "in 1800 built the south part of mon's grandsons. ceeding kindness, bestowed upon me the the house now standing. In 1802

faith, of the prayer of healing by and and 1803 he kept tavern here. He Solomon's daughters, Lovisa and gift

consimple the use as seem of such means here, also buried are "HistoryLovina Joseph Smith by his Mother, Lucy of chief to the system; but genial human but my 4042. pp.

is at Smith, us reliance 4042. him upon who organized Ibid., 240, 64. pp. Gilsum, N. IL, pp. 201, "History of

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was a 'peculiar man,'fond of inventTruman Miller and his wife Lydia He inherited from his father the ing odd words and expressions, some Bill were the parents of six children, old homestead. In 1821 he built an

of which are still remembered. He three of whom married. Truman addition on the north half of the

was often called Lieut. Bill, having lived in Marlow and in Sharon, Verhouse. He was an early member of

held that office in the militia. He mont. He came to Gilsum and rethe Gilsum Library Society, was sexserved the town as Selectman for ten mained from about 1810 to 1825, then ton 18311841, served the town as

years."His wife Lydia joined the returned to Marlow. He was present its representative to the General

Congregational Church in Gilsum at the great bear hunt of 1816. Court in the New Hampshire legisprior to 1806. In 1805 he was a Samuel Bill, Jr., died in young manlature for three years, eight years as

member of the Superintending School hood, yet was the father of seven a town Selectman, and was a Justice

Committee. 76 children. His posterity is numerous. of the Peace for fifteen years.

Samuel Bill served as sexton of He lies buried in Vessel Rock CemeHis second son, Daniel Wright

Gilsum, 18151817. David Bill was tery beside his parents. Bill, born July 10, 1822, followed in

sexton for 18371841. In the Bessel Capt. David Bill, son of Samuel the footsteps of his father as a public

Rock Cemetery at Gilsum are these and Lydia, was a notable character servant. He lived in the same house

inscriptions to Lydia Mack Bill and in Gilsum, ever prominent in all with his father.

her husband. worthy endeavors in the community.

of largest in the landowners is one of He 1812 with was England The War of In memory this vicinity, prosperous a and intelligent as a serving in it he on, and was of Lieut. BILL, wifeMrs. LYDIA, SAMUEL militia, farmer. in the Serving he rose

in of the eighteen Gilsum 1826. youth 8, AEt. 62. died Jan. who offices to successive through from Captain

Now she's gone to realms above, militia when, in September 1814, his that of BrigadierGeneral. He had served

Where saints and angels meet; detachment was ordered to "march the town six years as Moderator, seven years

To realize her Saviour's love to Portsmouth immediately."Gilsum as Superintending School Committee, four

And worship at His feet. was called on to furnish seven men. years in the Legislature, and as Selectman

The captain called his company toeighteenupon our years,records.whichHe iswasthealsolongestdelegatetermtoLieut. SAML BILL

a draft. proposed and Fourthe Constitutional Convention of 1877 and is 13, 1845, getherdied Aug.

78 at Justice of the Peace. once volunteered. David teen men 82. AE.

chosen. of the one seven was He gone to his rest in the home of the BillHe has Lucy Bill, youngest child of Samfor sixty enlisted Sept. days, 25, 1814. blest,

Where troubles no more can assail him; These troops marched to Portsmouth, uel Bill and Lydia Mack, was born

Where the Righteous shall shine in their remaining there a short time. They Jan. 8, 1798. She married Amasa

robes all divine, were not engaged in battle. The Miller, Oct. 29, 1816. He was her

And the angels of glory shall hail him.77 wages paid by the government were distant cousin, being a son of Freeeight dollars a month. "Capt. David love Mack. They were blessed with

Bill, now in his 84th year, is the only eight children, born in a number of one of the seven who is still living."different towns in New Hampshire

He was a pensioner from the year and Vermont. She died Nov. 5, 1846,

1871. He was commissioned as Capin Reading, and he Apr. 15, 1848,

tain in the militia. in Cavendish, both in Windsor Co.,

Vermont.

Daniel Gates Mack, third son of

Solomon Mack and Lydia Gates, was married, as previously related, at

Tunbridge, Vermont, Jan. 27, 1799,

to Miss Sally Ball, both being then

The Grave of Solomon Mack in the Cen- "of Montague, Mass."

tennial Cemetery, Gilsum, New Hampshire. While he was in Gilsum he and

his brothers and other settlers had

They were the parents of six chilencounters with bears, which were dren; one daughter and one son died often seen.

in infancy; two sons and two daughDaniel Mack was living at Royalters grew to maturity, married and ton, Vermont, in 1816, according to

reared families.

the statement of his sister, Lucy Mack

Children of Samuel Bill and Lydia Mack: Smith. Their aged mother died at

(born at Gilsum, N.H.) his home.

i. LYDIA, b. 30 Jan. 1787; d. 4 Mar. 1865; The last mention found of him is

md. 3 Sep. 1804, TRUMAN MILLER, from the pen of his sister Lucy. She

ii. SAMUEL, b. 1 Sep. 1788; d. 12 Apr. writes that her husband, Joseph

1824; md. 4 Sep. 1810, MELINTHA Smith, Sr., and his brother, John

ELLIS, iii. LUCY, b. 23 Nov. 1792; d. infant, Smith, set out on a missionary jouriv. DAVID, b. 2 Apr. 1794; d. infant, ney in the year 1836, to visit branches

v. DAVID, b. 2 Nov. 1795; md. 11 Jan. 1818, of the Church in the East. From

LUCY DORT. August 3rd to 8th they were in Gil-

b. 8vi. LUCY,?::::: -::-W*.::i sum, visiting with Solomon Mack, Oct. 1816, md. 29 Jan. 1798;AMASAd. 5MILLERNov. 1846;

History of Gilsum, N. H., pp. 197, 144, 106, 128. Archibald F. Bennett at the grave of (Continued on page 110)

"Ibid., p. 73. Solomon Mack. Ibid., 40, 85, 128, 197.

FEBRUARY 1956 91 ETTING THE WAGONS down the steep slope was hard, but the G1 majority of the men found hidden reservoirs of strength. The

wheels were "rough locked"to the beds. The men now reversed the

ropes and "held back"on them. Before long all wagons were safely

down, and the drv bed of the lake stretched before them, level as a table and hard as concrete.

The mules, scenting the distant water, suddenly came to life and pulled with a will. Colonel Cooke

gave orders for the mule skinners to take the wagons on into camp, while, freed of the galling job of pulling, most of the men easily walked the three miles to water.

Standage was fagging out fast.

"Maybe I can get there if I rest a while,"he croaked. "I'm going to lie

down."Cox and two others sank

down beside him. The afternoon

wore on.

Standage dreamed that he was lying in water, soaking it up like a sponge. He didn't want to move. He

justwater—letwantedit tocovermakehim—absorbhis bed in himthe

—he flowed with water. When he

opened his eyes, Jed was holding his head up, pouring swallows of water into his mouth. A star shining

through the gathering dusk seemed to wink at him as he greedily gulped the precious liquid.

"It's a good thing I had a little High Adventure in the kegs,"remarked Jed. "That

will put you where you ought to and a young man's conversion be."He gave a cup each to the other

men. "It isn't so far now,"he coaxed Part IV

gently. "I can see the light of the

fires from here."by President S. Dihvorth Young

"I can make it,"croaked Standage. OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

They rose to their feet, adjusted their packs and blankets, and shoulSYNOPSIS dered their muskets. Young Jed Colby, shanghaied from London and taken to sea, lands near

"Better sing 'Jim along Joe,'"mutGalveston, Texas Republic, after his ship is lost in a storm. There he finds an

tered Standage. "Old Doc Sanderarmymembersscoutingof thepartyMormonwho Battalionbefriend himthere,andhe takedecideshimto tostowSantaawayFe.andMeetingtravel

son would judge us to be crow meat. farther west with them. After suffering greatly from thirst, they approach

Let's march."Toward midnight they a water hole.

came within sound of the encampment. A spring gushed out of the took advantage of the halt to make Las Plagas. It is called the spring

edge of the lake, ran a short distance, repairs in clothing, to wash, and to of Las Plagas, and the mountain to and sank in the desert. Standage nurse itself back to marching effithe right, that is the lady of Guadastaggered over to its bank, dropped ciency. lupe. It is highest in the range.

his gun and blanket, and lay down A fire made early in the day folThese mountains are called Sierra de in the middle of the stream. The lowing their arrival did not bring Los Animos. From the distance theywater enclosed him—covered him any Apaches, but some Mexican are what you say in the English,

oozed into him. The blessed water! traders ventured close to see who animate, they shimmer in the heat."

He drank and lived! had made the smoke and were "Can one see far from the GuadaThe Battalion was resting at the brought in by Charboneaux. They lupe?"

springs of the dry lake after its twocouldn't tell the colonel much. "Si, Senor. Very far. But it all

day waterless march. Company "E""This spring, it is by the dry lake looks the same—great sierra—level

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and stood warming his back to the counts for all the signal fires we've fire. seen at night on the peaks and the

"Those traders finally told the smokes in the daytime yet not a story why the Apache are afraid to sight of an Indian."

come in and trade,"he observed. Jed sat, intently gazing into the

"Want to hear it?"fire during the recital. He did not be-

A chorus of assent urged him to lieve Americans could be capable of repeat the story he had heard earlier such treachery. And yet here were

in the day. two Americans who had done the

"About ten years ago the Apache deed, and within five miles of where scouts captured a young Mexican boy he was sitting! Many whites bewho told Don Jose, the chief, that lieved that the only good Indians

the governor of Sonora had offered were dead Indians. Kit Carson, peer

$50.00 for the scalp of Don Jose, and of all the mountain men, had said

$10.00 each for any other scalps of that you couldn't trust any Indian,

the Apaches. Don Jose did not bebut Jed knew why now.

lieve this, for he was a friend of the So wrapped up in his own thoughts governor and could not think him a was Jed that when he felt a touch traitor. He had the Mexican boy on his shoulder, involuntarily the

killed for the farfetched story. A hair rose on the back of his neck as

short time later two men, Johnson a wave of startled fear enveloped and Gleason, partners with a party him. He turned quickly, half duckof traders, came to Don Jose's village. ing the expected blow. Charboneaux

They fixed a big pile of trade goods stood grinning down at him in the in the center of the village and in it firelight.

concealed a swivel gun loaded to the "You, boy, you one fine petit garmuzzle with chains, balls, nails, anycon. Tomorrow I climb Mountain

thing that would maim or kill. Then Guadalupe to spy out way and hunt

they invited the Indians to come in for meat. I teach you to hunt. You

and trade and receive gifts. When want to go, no?"

all were gathered, Gleason invited Jed gulped, "You mean me?"

Don Jose to go to the corral to see "Oui, mon ami,"said Charhis fine mules. Arriving at the corral, boneaux, lapsing into French.

to go? he want Did Did a dry

Dixon. to to get water? want Mesa in Shadow—from a painting by Maynard didn'tGleasonfallshotbutDonleapedJose. on TheGleason,chief mule

bore him to the ground, and pulled colonel says that "The you travel to his knife kill him. Meanwhile and on to the San Pedro to scout,"with said and learn me mesas—on cigar a lighted touched Johnson had River."Charboneaux.

to hole. swivel the touch gun When "Is there water?"start?"do we "When of killed it exploded a and number "Si, to one but must know

daylight. I will "At come and children men, and and some women it. find Apachurraros The wherehuesos—you. will want your musYou corral. to the rushed Johnson Don 'the of crushers bones?'saw Red We the poudre, cancalled told him, that GleaJose him ket—thewake Sleeve days traded with two ago and shot—you

him and his men. Red Sleeve is very son had tried to kill him, but that he not shoot the deer with words."

sly. He afraid Americanos will kill was a friend of Johnson's, and if Jed's sleeping was fitful that night.

his men, so he watch from far off Johnson would protect him from The noises of the camp magnified in but not come near. His village north Gleason, he would let Gleason live. his ears until every sound was an

from old San Bernardino Ranch, fiveFor reply Johnson rushed up and Indian attack. One especially vivid

six day 'way."shot Don Jose, killing him. Johnson, dream he could not forget. He chased

great elk he had their es- a wounded, and Gleason, he party and then is afraid?"he "Why

to almost caught their up it sudthe mules. it when on Though is long story, Senores."caped "That

grizzly That night around a great fire surviving men pursued them and denly changed into a bear—a

which warmed them in the chill killed several, Johnson and Gleason bear which grabbed hold and started

November air the squad sang old were not caught, got away, and are to shake him. He suddenly awoke to

songs and told stories of the struggles still living in Sonora. The Apaches find Charboneaux pulling him by

of the Mormons in Missouri and Illihave sworn revenge on the Amerithe foot.

cans and will not come near to get "Waken, mon garcon,"he whisnois. Jed listened to these tales of

heartbreak and was deeply moved. His caught again. They also have sworn pered. "It is time we were moving!"

sense of justice was stirred. Surely the eternal war on the governor of To the mountain man of the old

Mormons deserved better treatment Sonora and his people. West the things done on a hunt were

than they'd had, and now here were "I can't say that I blame them for automatic reflexes of things learned nearly five hundred of them in the not coming around, can you?"conlong ago—forgotten by the mind

wilderness to prove themselves loyal cluded the captain. but unconsciously used by the body.

to their country. His reverie was in- "I don't think I'd care to be very And to the boy, fortunate enough to

terrupted by the appearance of Capfar out in the desert alone if that's watch one of these old hunters work, tain Davis who entered the circle what happened,"said Cox. "That ac- (Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1956 93 HIGH ADVENTURE

(Continued from preceding page) shattered the morning stillness and "Ever'thing that moves leaves the whole adventure was one long echoed and reechoed from the rocks trail. Some less, some more. Mocthrill. above. Jed shot, too, but it was a casins—"he pointed to his feet It was still night when the two convulsive reflex from the noise of "—-leave less than boots—"he

left the camp. Charboneaux, in mochis companion, and the deer at which pointed to Jed's footgear. "Don't take

casins, made hardly a sound as he he aimed drifted effortlessly over the much. Just like pattern. Eyes see

walked, while Jed's every step was next ridge. The big one had leaped land; all is as it should be, yet in one

measured to the ears of the wary high in the air at the explosion, and, spot small rock turned over or out by the steady clop, clop of his boots. turning in the air, bounded away in of place or gramma grass bruised. All

It wasn't long before they had great leaps. Jed rose to his feet, his have sign, and one living in mounreached the mountains. As they face showing his disappointment. tains learns to read—or he lose

climbed, the sparse vegetation of the Charboneaux pulled him down. hair!"

lower reaches was replaced with "Stay down, reload,"he hissed. Jed made up his mind that he

clumps of juniper and chaparral while Jed obeyed. Charboneaux had his gun would learn to read signs, and he

mesquite was abundant and thorny. reloaded and the patch tamped home kept his eyes open to see anything

By the time they reached the first before Jed had dropped another ball that Charboneaux would leave. It

steep climb, the stars were fading, down the barrel. was discouraging, for the guide never

and the rich pink of the desert dawn "If you want keep hair, always left any signs that Jed could see. He

was clouding the eastern sky. keep gun loaded. If Apaches near, asked about that, and got another

They breasted the slope of a ridge. they hear shots and come running. lesson.

Nearly to the top, Charboneaux Best be ready for 'em. Sometimes "Good hunter or warrior not leave

stopped and motioned Jed to crouch you think you killin'deer, and you much sign. One can leave very little

down. Charboneaux crawled up to have bear charging from clump of trail if one choose. Indians in enemy

the ridge and, choosing a small bush brush. land go for miles and not leave anywhich grew on its summit, peered "Now on that deer,"explained the thing suspicious. Apaches have been

through its branches at the swale on guide, "you too much excited. You watching us for past week, but we

the opposite side. He motioned Jed draw fine bead and hold steady, and haven't seen them, have we? Ever'

up to him. Jed peered over in the remember not put in too much poudre day their smokes have gone up on

same manner. He could see nothing or the gun will give you what you the peaks; ever'night their fires

but the outlines of bushes in the dim call the kick. Now let's go and dress signal. They know how many we

light. Nothing moved. For a long the buck."are; they know our direction."

time they lay there looking, watch- "Didn't you miss, too? Jed glanced apprehensively around.

ing, listening. The morning breeze "This gun, she not miss. She shoot "Can they see us? Do they know

blew down the mountain, fanning plumb center ever'time."we are here?"

theirah—"cheeks.from CharboneauxA half sighedmade"ahJed "Oui,"But yourhe ran,deerbutrannotaway."far. Come, scout"Don'tout, know;but notheyseenmightsign havethis

suddenly alert. Charboneaux had the I show you."morning. But keep your eyes open,

appearance of a hunting dog which They went to where the deer had and don't top ridge until you know had caught the scent of game. He been feeding. Charboneaux pointed what's on other side."

lay rigid with his nostrils distended to a red splotch on a rock, and then "But we crossed this ridge withas if to catch the scent, and his eyes like a hound on the trail led Jed over out looking,"observed Jed.

were focused intently across the litthe ridge beyond which they had "The deer ran up wind. If

tle swale. Finally Jed noticed that a seen the deer vanish. By what means Apache there, they not have gone

bush had moved a little from the Charboneaux managed to keep on there. The deer showed us 'safe'

other bushes nearby. Then what the trail Jed did not discover, but sign when they ran over ridge. That

were bushes suddenly became bodies, soon they came upon the buck lying end of lesson for now, but do not and a thrill mounted his spine and on the edge of a rock slide. Charforget."

ran up into his hair as he counted, boneaux cut the throat of the aniHe got to his feet and without not one, but three deer not more than mal and once more led out on the further words led the way to the top one hundred yards away, feeding climb to the summit of the ridge of of the mountain.

quietly on the grass and occasionally Guadalupe. The view from Guadalupe was

pulling leaves off the bushes. "What are you going to do with aweinspiring. A vast tableland

Charboneaux whispered instructhe deer?"stretched away in all directions,

tions to the excited boy. "Weaver hear shot and come bring broken by short spurs and ridges, cut

"We aim together. I grunt; we fire. in. We not far; sound carry to and carved by the action of wind and

I take big one on left; you take one camp."storm into deep box canyons and

in center. Shoot behind shoulder and "How will he find it?"gullies. Each stormcarved bastion

width of two hands high from belly "He follow our trail."was vividly colored with reds, whites,

line."Jed looked at the hard earth and and lavenders. The morning sun

Jed aimed, but he couldn't hold rock formation of the mountain begave the land the appearance of havthe musket still; the gun barrel low them. If they had left any trail ing been painted by a great artist

weaved in circles. while crossing that country, he conwho plied his brush with no order

"Now,"grunted Charboneaux. fessed he couldn't see it. Charboneaux but with harmonious effect.

The heavy explosion of his gun laughed. (Continued on page 110)

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN ALL COMBINATIONSALL PRICE RANGES Ire #tatt&arft Horks

1. TRIPLE COMBINATION 9. COMMENTARY ON THE

Beautiful, leatherbound edition, conBOOK OF MORMON—Volume 1 SPECIAL VALUE 8. BOOK OF MORMON

taining Book of Mormon, Doctrine and George Reynolds and Janne M. Sjodahl

small excellent the on commentary An Price. Pearl Covenants, of Great and to plates of the Nephi from First Book edition with sturdy cloth binding. ReguLibrary of of Synopsis with Book Complete $5.00 of the Book Omni. larly $2.00. Index, Conand Mormon chapters, Now 98/

cordance. $7.50 10. COLLINS POCKET BIBLE

Leatherbound with 2. LARGE PRINT FAMILY EDITION

complete Old and miniatureNew TestamentBible scrip- $10.00 tures. $3.00

11. WORLD ZIPPER BIBLE

3. QUADRUPLE COMBINATION Genuine leatherbound Bible (4"by

The handiest of all Standard Work 6"size) with protective zipper. $3.75

combinations. Handsome, leatherbound

edition contains the Bible, Book of 12. THE RAINBOW BIBLE

Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and Elegant cover and rich illustrations

Pearl Price, with Index of Great and by'make7")this a choice Bible. Cloth. (4%"$2.50

$20.00 Concordance.

4. LARGE PRINT - FAMILY OR 13. DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS DESERET BOOK COMPANY

PULPIT EDITION Indexed Doctrine and Covenants in 44 East South Temple cloth edition. $1.75 $27.50

Salt Lake City, Utah 14. DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS

COMMENTARY 5. MISSIONARY BIBLE Hyrum M. Smith and Janne M. Sjodahl Please send me the following books:

rich leather Persian Morocco With lining. fabric cover and Ready ReferDoctrinePassage byandpassageCovenants.explanationAn excellentof the 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

ence. $11.00 commentary for church or home study.

$4.00 9 10 11 12 13 14 15

6. INDEXED EDITION OF THE STORY $12.00 15. THE

PRICE ( ) Charge my account. ( ) Cash or money order enclosed. PEARL OF GREAT

James R. Clark All books above shipped postpaid.

Guideposts to a broader understanding 7. PEARL OF GREAT PRICE of this Standard Work. Many of the Residents of Utah add 2% sales tax.

Clothbound edition complete with Inresearchvolume havedocumentsnever beencontainedpublishedin thisbedex. $.85 fore. $3.00

FEBRUARY 1956 95..

let Us Begin

A Renaissance

in Reverence

by Wendell B. Hammond

The modernisticalhas lost interest, sometimes comly designed Church pletely, because there was not the at Papeete, building capital of French reverence shown that he was so acOceania, erected in customed to in his own church.

1948. And to this person reverence goes

deeper than merely an outward show.

Rather to him it is a deep and cultured inner grace that can be the only natural expression of one come to a holy place to partake of the -Photographed by Richard Harrington sacramentGod—of oneandcomehearto a theplacewordto showof

in thought, in quietness and deIhat a challenge our Church has buildings have ample size and digmeanor the full reverence to God before it in the way of a proper nity, and some even grandeur. And which is due.

[reverence by our members while of course we take comfort in knowAnd while we do not need to equal,in Sunday School and sacrament ing that in many, by a happy comand perhaps should not, the strictmeeting 1 bination of those attending and those

What a new birth or renaissance in charge, a full degree of reverence ness and formality which prevail in we can begin in this way after we is shown. so many of the other churches, becertain cause a regard warmth and

ourselves ourappraise Sunday and But people other do what say for in another while one sacrament the rewards glimpsehabits, then and of in about our lack reverence so is meeting adSchool and Sunday to as receive will move wewe of our meetings? acmany mirable, that do must we know we task. thecomplish of our missionaries report Many as review habits there. attenders our

gulf, It since the will easy, be not that they almost the dread Sunday to certain faults must admit And we is cases,in between wide what many for first the when, time, they take before to for begin can change we for reverence are proper habitsour investigator to an of servone our better. the

they shouldand what be. ices. Too often the "almost convert"The accompanying verse is sugexcuse ourselves—and may We

as gested a beginning point in this stilljustly ours is degree—that

If regard. the we, and especially it eswherea young to achurch—that

tablished itself in the "wilds"of our MY REVERENCE young, will memorize even a part western frontier, with its hardships in of it, it will come to mind at the general, its early humble church By Wendell B. Hammond very moment when we are about to

buildings, such environment did not J have come to the house of the Lord; depart from a proper reverence when

lend itself to the reverence that for I seek to hear and know his word. we are at a place where such is due.

so long had been a part of church It may take considerable time for services in the vast cathedrals and A sacred influence I may feel us as a church to gain and hold a churches of England and the contiIf my thoughts in reverence kneel. proper habit, an enriching custom in

nent. Though his voice I cannot hear, this way. But because reverence is

But that station has long been Yet I may draw his spirit near. so primary, so fundamental, and at

passed by us and our Church; the the same time so rewarding, let us

frontier is smoothed away. And we Wayward thoughts of every kind, give it the place it deserves.

have learned, too, that no chapel is All these I turn from my mind, Again, what a challenge we have flso it can meager but before small and what reverus in of proper the way as a reverence house ence!command a church there that As it seems of AsSo betempledmy waywoodswhilein heresilencethispray,day;

the Lord. And, looking around, we Yes, be my way while here I stay. is ever a new challenge before us.

see that now most of our Church And how we love to meet it!

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BIG REET PRODUCER

Compact size and modest price grow into a BIG producer when you put the

CA Tractor in your beet fields.

Traction Booster gets the full capacity out of AllisChalmers westernbuilt, deeptillage tools.

PowerShift wheels and SnapCoup- ler hitch save important working hours.

You'll get an even closer view of lowheavy-duty, Tractor and CA highcost beet growing when you study the cultivator. vegetable clearance CA Tractor at your AllisChalmers

dealer's.

FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WIS.

Ijfal*. jjjjigmAit fitmfrt* iiiiiiiiiiiti

Curvedshank subsoiler going 1 8 inches deep.

Fiveshank chisel penetrating to 9 inches.

Threerow lister with 14inch bottoms.

Cutting and banking a ditch 64 inches wide, 25 inches deep.

Coilshank furrower with four 1 5-inch, highwing furrowers.

Other mounted tools not shown: border rtdger, bedding disc,

coilshank cultivator, springtooth harrow.

SnapCoupler is an AllisChalmers trademark.

ALUSCHALMERS M FEBRUARY 1956 97

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OE MORMON

(Continued from page 84) prophets bear witness of Christ's After Christ had visited the Nein America at the time of the crucicrucifixion, but also prophet after phites and returned back into heaven, fixion of Jesus Christ or Quetzalcoatl; prophet throughout the entire course the historian summarized his befor example,:he Works of Ixtlilxochitl of Nephite history testified of his nevolent works as follows:

fact, in resurrection ascension; and terrible "destructionspeak of a and sick,.. all their healed. after having assur- a stronger one book gives place in annodesolation"took which of eyes the their lame, opened and and

facts of these ance than does the Book of the ears the signifithecient then their blind America, and and unstopped 23 the predicted of of Mormon. Alma all deaf, manner had done and even hap- "This appears:cant statement

raised from cures them, Christ, of and ascen- "resurrection a man among and his... time the atpened when same

his forth power dead, the had and shown that sion declaring into heaven,"24Christ Lord suffered."our That

.. the unto ascended. [Jesus] them, unto to his thereafter he appear would 31 is in agreement completestatement Father 25 gave descendants. King Benjamin in the given the Book accountwith

of Mormon. Ixtlilxochitl also wrote: even a more detailed explanation of Compare Paul Gaffarel's report of

"... and it seems through the anhis resurrection, in which he prethe folklore of the Indians of Brazil

".. rise that dicted the. he shall quotations from foregoing the third with historiescient the aforeand annals,

2(i..."the Samuel, dead; from that of Mormon. the Book after day He stated happened some yearsmentioned

the incarnation of Christ our Lord."the Lamanite, also prophesied that the "Fair God"had

.. the spaceAs part of the Book of Mormon's following Jesus'death ".

. again, to life the made dead of pass, shall three days"then and terrific of thedetailed "deaccount 32

Finalsee. to the blind 27 the lame.. raised and walk shall the dead."rise again "he from ocdesolation"struction which and great a ly, together called one day having

disthese facts Since widely were the Hemisphere,curred on Western air the people, into of ascended he number

Nephites both among transformed was and and into the sun who enhistorian the seminated placedthe Nephite

Lamanites, earth. 33 natural this lightens for them it was crucifixion of theevent at the time

of Jesus Christ. 20 to be handed down through the ages

Another significant point is made in Indian traditions. Francis HerAccording to the Nephites, after

his benevolent accomplished had report of Jesus natives of the of nandez's both Ixtlilxochitl the Book andby "... departed from them works he this accurately Chiapas shows how deaccount writers. EachMormon

clares that Jesus was crucified durknowledge had been retained by these and ascended into heaven. And the

ing the early part of their year which Indians to the time of the Spanish disciples saw and did bear record that perhaps would be in early April acconquest. According to his report, he ascended into heaven."34 Morcording to our calendar. Ixtlilxochitl the "Fair God"of Chiapas mon also wrote:

states, "And they say it happened... remained dead three days, and the Wherefore, my beloved brethren, have

during the first days of the year"; third day he came to life again and ascended miracles ceased because Christ hath ascended

and the Book of Mormon declared into heaven, where he is now with the into heaven, and hath sat down on the after Echuac, Father. Immediately came right of God, to claim of the father hand occurred, accordingthat the event 35 supplied is the and Ghost Holy who rights? to who his

28 oftheir time, "in reckoning system all that earth the was needed.

the first fourth [and] month, on the Indians legend of the Mixtec The 21 (Italics supplied month."day of the Dr. P. De Roo was of the opinion of "Fair that the maintained Mexico

by author.) that "Our Lord's resurrection is plainGod,"Wixipecocha, "... first went

The Nephites changed their point ly brought to mind by the [foregoing] off to the mountains on the summit signs of of theof statement reckoning time when the venerable Chiapan of to for he appeared which them 29 fulfilled, as chief...,"birth of Christthe were a vanthen and few moments

his resurrectionpredicted the Lamanite, Following Samuel by and ished...,"36

it to a beautiful according forward. 22 ascension, that pointreckoning from

The parallels between these acaccount given in the Book of MorBefore his final ascension, Jesus counts are so remarkable that they mon, Jesus Christ appeared to the inChrist informed the inhabitants of indicate that the Indians of Mexico habitants of ancient America and ancient America of his second comheld in remembrance the Nephites'performed a mighty work. King ing. To quote: "And he expounded

dating of events and the knowledge Benjamin predicted these events as all things, even from the beginning until of follows to the timeof what occurred down his glory—the time37 (Italicsthat hesuppliedshall comeby auin

Ixtlilxochitl, the postdated which

... shall come thor.) The Master also declared:Spanish conquest. Therefore, the

children the down... fromthe Lordthe heavenOmnipotentamong

historical data relative to Christ's of men, and shall dwell in a tabernacle of And behold, this people will I establish crucifixion and resurrection were reclay, and shall go forth amongst men, workin this land, unto the fulfilling of the covecorded in the Book of Mormon at the ing mighty miracles, such as healing the nant which I made with your father Jacob;

time the events occurred, widely dissick, raising the dead, causing the lame to and it shall be a new Jerusalem. And the

sight, their to receive blind the walk, of the shall be in and powers of heaven midst people, the andseminated among all to curing hear, manner deaf and the (Continued page 100) on 30 age tothen from handed down diseases. age of

among the Indian descendants of the 233 Nephi 6:20. 332MosiahNephi 3:5-6;26:15. 3 Nephi 17:7-10; 4 Nephi 1:5.

NephiteLamanite peoples. 2Alma 40:20 Paul Gafferal, Historie de la Decourvcrte de V

Not only did the ancient American MosiahIbid., 16:20.3:10. Americaop. cit., p.(Paris,427; 3 1892),Nephi p.11:1011;428, citedMosiahin 16:9;De AlmaRoo,

88:5-13. 14:20. Helaman

19:1; 26:15; Mosiah 15:9. D&CNephi 18:39; Hernandez's letter to Las Casas, cited in De 38:9;*3 20 1 Nephi 19:8-13; Helaman 14:14, 2024; 3 Nephi Francis

8:1-6, 1922. Roo, op. cit., p. 373. 35Moroni 7:27.

*Hbid., Helaman8:5. 14:1-4; 3 Nephi 1:4-21; 8:1-5. Mosiahx>ldem, p. 3:5-8.430. 3De'3 NephiRoo, op.26:3. cit., p. 433.

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Attractive Lupton windows from Buehner Block enhaace Relief Society room in new Granger 3rd and 5th Ward.

...FOR YOUR NEW WARD OR STAKE HOUSE

Look into LUPTON MASTER"ALUMINUM WINDOWS

is especially THE "Master"line of Lupton windows designed for churches, schools, hospitals, and office buildings. At a cost well within range of tight

institutional budgets you can have these advantages of Lupton aluminum windows:

Lowest upkeep costs—no painting is required—most

window cleaning can be done safely and easily from within the building.

Attractive, modern appearance—inside and out.

Slender metal frame allows maximum glass area for better view and more attractive appearance.

All Lupton windows are doubleweather-proofed, and corners are welded for greatest strength.

Canyon Rim school, one of many new BuehnerLupton Buehner school installations in this area.

2800 So. West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Lupton "Master"aluminum windows are distributed exclusively in this area by Buehner Block... manufacturers of autoclavecured block and distributors of

a wide variety of reliable building materials.

Lupton metal windows on Granger 3rd and 5th Ward are attractive from the outside, too.

FEBRUARY 1956 99 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Continued from page 98) in order to renew all things; meaning by manner. With the intention of hastening

this people; yea, even I will be in the midst this not a spiritual renovation, but an the arrival of the Son of God, they celeof you. 38 earthly material improvement, as they exbrated a religious feast at a certain season

pressed it by saying that at his coming the of the year and sacrificed eighteen persons,

These predictions of his second loaves of bread would be much larger and men and women, whom they encouraged coming and the promises that he everything else would grow better in like (Continued on page 102) would bless the people at that time were preserved also in the beliefs of the various Indian tribes; for example, Ixtlilxochitl reported Quetzalcoatl's prediction of to earth Jhe DautiaktanJ his return

as follows:

And at the time he went about taking leave people, of these he told that them in Richard L. Evans totime in a year called come, which he

Acatl,ce he ivould then return, and his |*N the beginning..."it is written "the earth was withoutdoctrine his chilhe received, would and

dren would be masters and would possess * form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the

the land....:w deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the

waters. And God said, Let there be light: and there was

Regarding the second coming of light. And God saw the light, that it was good: and God

Quetzalcoatl, William H. Prescott divided the light from the darkness. And God called the

wrote: light Day, and the darkness he called Night."1 It seems

... After presiding over the golden age significant that the first recorded act of the Creator was to

of Anahuac, [Quetzalcoatl] disappeared as divide the light from the darkness. There are many phases

mysteriously as he had come,... As he of this thought that could be considered, but we should

to returnpromised future day, at some his like to turn today to one sidelight of the subject: We for confireappearance was looked with

dence by each succeeding generation.40 shouldn't want to seem too oldfashioned because it hasn't

seemed too long since we were young. But because men

Prescott also wrote: have found the mechanical means of lighting the night in

a limited way, there appears to be an evergrowing tendency

The Mexicans looked confidently to the reto recognize less and less the difference between night and turn of the benevolent deity [Quetzalcoatl];

tradition, remarkable deeply cherday; perhaps especially among young people who seem toand this

later their activities ever yet to go hour, to an and,.. extend inished their hearts, prepared the way 41 at activityfor the hour out to begin about future the an evening's success of the Spaniards. when

some of us were once expected to come in. But no matter

An archaeologist named A. Hyatt how successfully men have lighted up limited areas of the

Verrill, speaking of the promise of earth, there is still a difference between day and night,

Quetzalcoatl's second coming, wrote: and there are still safeguards that are essential to the safety

of there virtue people. protection and peace and and And

... before he disappeared [he] propheis still obligation to consideration have an due parents who

...sied that after long his departure

eventually he would return and reestablish to see that those for whom they are responsible are safely in, the Aztecs and their faith.... There are without having to wait and wonder at all hours. And there

countless Mexicans today who are still are still matters of health and safety to consider. A man

theirexpecting reSerpent to Plumed God at shortening the the candle ends without both cannot burn still superstitiousiyappear they and make life. effective of cannot length both run day and night Heofferings to in the of ancient temple him

Quetzalcoatl. 42 and think to the best of his ability. And he cannot in the

distortion of darkness make the safest decisions. The decisions

Dr. P. De Roo cites Father de of life should be looked at in the light. Of course there

Mercado, an early Catholic missionare some pursuits and some essential services that are reary, as claiming that he had obtained quired around the clock, and there are some who must turn from the Totonac Indians who lived the night to day to render such services. But despite all

near Tampico, Mexico, the following such exceptions, it is still true that the day is the safest time legend: for decisions, for work, and for being about. And it is still

true that deeds of darkness tend to be done in the dark. The

Father continues, telling de Mercado what discoveriesfurther to Lord God "called the light Day, and the darkness he called he regard made in is still a distinguishing difference betweenthe natives'dogmatic theology,—namely, Night,"and there

that in some provinces of New Spain, as the two.

among the Totonacs, the people expected ofthe of great advent the the Son God into Uke Spoken Word FROM temple square itthis said world; and he had was to come

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING *>Ibid., 20:22.

of Ixtlilxochitl, 'MWorks cited in Hunter and FerguSYSTEM, NOVEMBER 27, 1955 Copyright 1955 op. cit.,son, pp. 214215.

cit., 40Preseott, op. vol. 2, p. 368. 1Genesis 1:1-5. 1, vol. "Ibid., p. 64.

42A. Hyatt Verrill, America's Ancient Civilizations

(New York, 1953), p. 104.

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Step up to a JOHN

** etthtfa NewU*& and IT'S the country's most talkedabout a twocylinder tractor with practically tractor—the 4-5 Plow Diesel that's halfas-many, twiceas-husky engine

performing its way right into the hearts parts.

of farmers everywhere. Here is extra ease oj handling—with

Here's extra lugging power that does builtin Power Steering that takes all away with slow ups and down shifting in the muscle work out of tractor driving heavy going... power with matching... Roll-O-Matic "kneeaction"front

speeds to work big equipment at maxwheels that cut frontend bounce in half imum capacity and cut days off your... a husky, V-4 Starting Engine that

working calendar. provides unfailing cranking power for It's Another

in cold starts, surefire weather even drive that will extra economy Here's Power Steering... John Deere effortless offers that "live"PowrTrol boost and costs production down your

integral and control of drawn hydraulic Tractor tracofficial profits. Nebraska In your

...... shaft and "live"tools power "70"recset a Diesel tests, the new tor

to feature your make other modern every is that fuel record for ord economy—a enjoyable. farming more

field day. every in the proved being

Likewise, maintenance costs are defiTake the first step toward that "new SEND FOR FREE LITERATURE nitely lower because the "70"Diesel is lease on life."See your John Deere JOHN DEERE Moline, III. Dept. H-50

dealer, and arrange to drive a "70"Send free literature on "70"RowCrop

Diesel on your farm. Diesel Q New TractionTrol Hitch Q

NEW TRACTIONTROL Name- 3-P0INT HITCH R.R.—-BoxSets a new high in "pick up and go"farmTown-

ing. TractionTrol insures more effective use

of tractor horsepower. Smoothly and autoState—

matically, it increases weight on tractor drive wheels in proportion to the load—reduces

wheel slippage—without changing depth or affecting tractor stability. Shown here with a JOHN DEERE

brandnew, bigcapacity 4-bottom pickup plow MOLINE, ILLINOIS designed for the Model "70."

FEBRUARY 1956 101 Archaeology and the Book of Mormon

(Continued from page 100) to die with the thought that they were to FAST be messengers of the country to the great

God, sent to ask and beg him that he would deign to despatch them his Son,.., i3

Near the close of the Book of MorSTARTS mon period the inhabitants of ancient America apostatized from the true religion of Jesus Christ, retaining, however, many of the truths in an adulterated form. One of theANYTIME pagan practices which developed

among their descendants, the Indians, was the making and worship- ""ing of stone statues of the "White r,i(mimmi>i>w - m*mma v- Bearded God."The Catholic padres

who first visited Indian tribes in various countries in MesoAmerica reported that they saw a number of these stone representations of the "Fair God."Some of the statues

were destroyed by the Catholic conquistador es; others, however, have

survived to the present time.

On our recent trip to Guatemala,WITH UTOCO GASOLINE it was intensely interesting to me to be

Balanced For Top Performance shownCity a inrepresentationthe museum inin jadeGuatemalaof the

UTOCO balanced gasoline brings you champion car "White Bearded God."(See photo.)

performance regardless of the season. The director of the museum stated

It's refinery balanced four times each year to meet that as near as could be ascertained the driving requirements of each season in this area. Right this jade figurine would date during

period. early Christian now UTOCO gasoline is refined for quick starts, flashing the or three days Two

pickup. Enjoy the thrill of top car performance. the museum in GuatemalaafterCity,visitingour

touring party visited Chichicastenango. There in a small museum we

were shown a stone statue of the "Fair God,"a rather grotesque representation however. (See photo.) (uroco The Quiche Maya Indians at Chiwith UTOCO! chicastenango paid unusual reverence

to it. of Also, photographs one jade head of stone statue Quetzalcoatl one UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY and

SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL stonefrom thestatuevalleyfromofOaxacaMexicoareandreproone duced in this article making five representations of the "White Bearded

God"which have survived in Mexico and Central America to our day, and there may be others which have not TEM come to the writer's attention.

Although these representations are somewhat crude, depicting a degenerated conception of the Savior, evitangible are important, they The place to stay yet did Indians that the dence, showing have deeprooted traditions of the

The place to eat "White Bearded God"long before

I Columbus43De Roo, op. discoveredcit., pp. 425426.America. Thus

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

scholars are confronted with the problem of the identity of the "Fair

God."As a result of a careful study of the

Works of Ixtlilxochitl and other Indian writings, the perusal of Indian traditions gathered by Catholic padres, and an acquaintance with the contents of the Book of Mormon, the writer concludes that all of these sources bear witness to the fact that

Jesus is the Messiah, who with his

Father, is the God—the Greater and

Controller of the universe, and that following his resurrection he visited the inhabitants of ancient America the ancestors of the Indians—and

performed marvelous works among them before his final ascension intoheaven. Also, the writer concludes Sets a New Trend

that Quetzalcoatl and Jesus Christare the same individual. Furthermore, in Tractor Design,

archaeological findings, as well as InDaringly different from hood to hitch... dazzling indian traditions—whether reported by beauty... dynamic in performance... the Case "300"

nativechroniclers—corroboratewriters or collected theby colonialclaims bringsTriplRangeto life transmissionyour dream ofwithan ideal12 speeds3plowforwardtractor.. Its..

made by the Nephite historians; 3A of a mile per hour up to 20... plus three reverse..

therefore, these traditions and archaegive you Versatility never before achieved in extraological finds bear witness to the heavy tillage, cultivation or road travel.

truthfulness of the Book of Mormon New PowrTorq engines for the fuel you prefer pull and hence to its divine authenticity. normal loads at half throttle if desired... unusually

(To be continued) high torque at twothirds of rated engine speed enables you to go through tough spots without shifting. There

also is Camand-Lever steering with today's shortest

Give and Take turning... duocontrol SafetyLock hydraulics...

(Continued from page 86) "TellEasy"instrument panel with eight separate indi-

... cators 3-point Eagle stabilized with Hitch depth if they're be happy,won't and not

.. control. Constant with separate traction clutch PTO they won'thappy grow up whole.

. PowrShift.. and rear wheels with controls... all isSure, there here, opportunity a good

where you expect to find them.but I can probably find something at

the college there. I got to thinking

that this job here lookedtoday maybe

I toso to New PowrTorq Engines good wanted me because come back to the Midwest. My -.. Gas, LPG, Distillate, Diesel

childhood was not like yours. When

I got back from the Army and took my savings and went on a mission, it was the first real happiness I had known. My mission was here. Here

is where I had been really happy."

Pearl went over to the couch and sat close beside him. She was deeply

moved at the confession he had just made and didn't know what to say next. Finally she touched the crystal

beads she wore and told him what her grandmother had said when she gave them to her.

"Maybe we've both been wanting too much of our past in our marriage,"she said. "You really found General Purpose or Utility Models

yourself here, I haven't that and done Visit your Case dealer now... be one of the first to drive the

right said wereyet. You you when

I was childish. I may as well grow Case "300"in whatever model suits you best. Ask about the

up here as any place. I'll have to easy, sensible Case Income Payment Plan. Write for the col-

(Concluded on following page) orful "300"catalog. J. I. Case Co., Dept.B-446, Racine, Wis. L 1956FEBRUARY 103

GIVE AND TARE little How (Concluded from preceding page) Church activities and to get home

I to to can't early so Mutual. go family enough from it away do my

to place best to to is the does it cost learn lean. make Church I'll have make how

our life."friends."

"I've been selfish, too,"Joe said. "I Pearl said, "Next time we disagree for the finest know how you have missed your fam- I'll say four words, 'Let's give and

ily and missed having friends. I can take.'"

make a bigger effort to let you have "That's our lucky phrase,"Joe saidDutch Cocoa? the car on the days you need it for his arms tight around her.

A bit over a penny a cm, that's all you pay for Droste Cocoa from Haarlem,

Holland. So rich a single teaspoon of (SSJSgsSSSsSSs

it makes the tastiest cup of cocoa you've ever sipped! (You need as much

as three teaspoons of inferior brands.) 2).]ea5Lon,6 in the cLiakt So smooth it doesn't have a smidgen f

of sediment. Prepare Droste Cocoa Richard L. Evans right in the cup just by adding hot

milk and sugar.

T7e should like to look once more at the uses of daylight

Try creamy, pure Droste Chocolates, and darkness, with something more to say concerning too, Droste Chocolate Apples and the darkness of discouragement. As to the distortions of

Tangerines, Pastilles, and assortthings are imagined. Troubles are magniments. You'll find they're the finest, darkness—many

tastiest chocolates you've ever tried. fied, and symptoms also, and worries become more weighty

At rightminded stores, everywhere. in the hours of the night. And decisions made in darkness

Or write for name of store nearest you. may also be distorted (and decisions also in sorrow). Sometimes people feel pressed and persuaded to make farreach-

ing decisions without taking time for proper perspective people in sorrow, people who have lost their loved ones, people who are discouraged and despondent, people who are facing acute crises. They may decide, for example, to

sell, to quit, to move elsewhere, to change the pattern of their lives, to give up various interests or activities. Sometimes they are hurt, confused, tense, stunned for the moment, and are not best able under such circumstances to

make the safest decisions. But with time and reflection, the

first sharpness of sorrow somewhat subsides. With time

and reflection calm reason returns; perspective comes into

fuller focus—to give a safer sense of values. In short, decisions made at more leisure, and in the light, and with the

fullcolor is Droste safer decisions. bit cleared, a clouds to be tend There RecipeFREE Booklet Droste shows how

decision that deof hasty should another kind be shunned: Cocoa delicious makes beverages

(such as vanilla cocoa), cakes, cancisions in anger, in the heat of resentment, decisions prompted dies desserts. and Write H. Hamstra

Co., 145 Main Ave., Clifton, N. J. not by reason or fact, but by hot emotion. We should never

let heat rule our heads and issue unreasonable ultimatums,

is a great factor of safety. Perspective is a great COCOA jSu Patiencethat we are likely long to regret. Time is a great healer.

Imported from Holland revealer of true shapes and values, and in the discouragement of darkness, or in the heat of anger, or in the acuteness of sorrow, it is seldom safe to make farreaching decisions. Let time give its perspective; let time try its healing

FRESH CORN TORTILLAS process; let time soften the sorrow and appraise the values

and a and suggest the course. Let time take time to tell whether

COMPLETE LINE OF or not the feelings of the moment would be the same feelor in in six months. Let ings that a month move us would Mexican Foods until of discouragement darkness defer the decisions and time

Advice and catering suggestions given FREE to organizations putting on we can look at things in the light—for the clearness of dayMexican dinners. light and the calmer consideration that follows the first

For full information on prices sharpness of sorrow is a safer time for decisions. Call—See or Write

MANUEL'S FINE FOODS Jke S>poken \J\Jord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE & 350 West 7th South Salt Lake City, Utah PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Phone EM 3-0609 SYSTEM, DECEMBER 11, 1955 6) - WE SHIP ANYWHERE—Copyright 1953 y)

104 THE IMPROVEMENT EKA!.. 1..

c? Q Q. 1*1 irstBite X3.

NALLEYS NEW

—Photographed by Harold M. Lambert CORNED BEEF HASH

SMILE Now a wonderful, delicious by Valerie St. John new corned beef hash by Nalley's. There's more MILEY

One of the most contagious diseases costly lean beef, more flavor, is measles, but did you ever conmore oldfashioned corned C0/fNEDli things be concansider that good you beef goodness in every *EEF a smile, too?tagious, and Wear

will find few people who can resist luscious bite. Available now Hash

it. Unlike measles, however, the at your favorite grocer's.

oftener you catch it, the more susciptible you become. If it's NALLEY'S

Everyone has heard that you usefewer muscles to smile than to frown, it's GOOD!

but is that the reason why we should smile? There is no doubt that a

person accustomed to smiling has a pleasanter face than an habitual INTRODUCING frowner. Permanent frown lines are

disfiguring, but smile lines are an asset and are considered becoming.

A smile will help you to be more polite to those with whom you come in contact. Could you smile at somecoftM

one waiting for a bus and then rudely push your way in front of him? It REFERENCE

is improbable, because you automatBIBLES ically feel friendly towards somesmiled. Next at have one you whom

in a because hurry you (Jualitif you asked us are time you to feel it is necessary in two places be fl MEANS to make at people. try smiling You (Jxfordj at once, *.

will have to slow your pace and relax your tense muscles, and you will feel. leather edition A white of urgency sense happier; your.. much beautiful editions red new Two I35x limp, White French Morocco, likely less be recede, will and you will I58x limp, French Morocco, Red roll, edges, gold gold Record, Family to worry. roll, leather lined, edges, gold gold gift size boxed. India Oxford Handy

will think size you people Record. Family Oxford Handy Maybe are paper edition: 4% x IViq x %".

edition paper x Vs ". proving that's better x IVm than: 434 crazy, but $15.00 India

.. edition looseleaf A lowpriced think? you yourselffriendly—don'tgrouchy, selfish, and un- $15.00 size, identical with 178x Large 382x plastic, Sturdy levant Vinyl perchallenges the other smile A for size: x SYz x%V& grain, circuit, half gold except red under W158x to chalback. to Resolve smile son $17.50 edges. writing Oxford India paper

lenge everyone you meet, and the edition: 6*4 x 9 x VA ". $22.50 At your booksellers

world will be a brighter place for you as you help to make it bright for OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, INC., 1 14 Fifth Ave., New York 1

others.

FEBRUARY 1956 105 THERE WERE JAREDITES

(Continued from page 89) to attract to themselves and to maintain are relatives, with women taking a of large followers, bodies without which leading part in the dirty work. (Pp.

the atgreat individual genius or the sponthey their neighwere mercy of taneous expression of Volksgeist. In bors. (P. 85.) 9091.) To make it even more like

that belief many naive souls in the Ether's world after the migration, past have undertaken to compose gen- "If I do say it myself, that reads abominations abound: 'Stories of

like an excerpt from The World of incest and malicious serving up to auine epic poems of their own—with

alarming results."the Jaredites. Chadwick even menguest at a banquet of his own children

"But what was the scientific view?"tions that the normal trophies of occur with surprising frequency. (P.

"Until recently it was the universal heroic enterprise 'consist usually of 185.) This sort of thing leads in

consensus of the experts that epic the accoutrements or heads of foes turn to plots and alliances that cul-... prowminate in wars of extermination, inpoetry had its origin in nature myths,... valued as evidence of

and that the heroes were really faded ess.'(Pp. 94 f. 92 f.) This is not which not only whole houses but also

sungods. Some diehards still betrue of heroic ages everywhere, but entire nations are wiped out. All that

lieve it."it holds in a surprising number of is left behind is the strange and tragic

"But what about Bishop Percy and cases—especially with the northern figure of 'the lone survivor.'"(P.

other eighteenthcentury scholars?"Europeans and Asiatics. The most 106.)

"In every case they were students coveted forms of wealth among these "That's one I never heard of,"saidof national literatures pure and simpeople—objects lovingly and lengthProfessor F.

ple. Even Robert Wood's compariily described in almost all epic poems "And yet he occurs with surprising

sons were meant to cast light on—are weapons, horses, wagons, frequency in the epic world."

jewels, later."damsels, the can tell stuff, and woven "You him me about to footnotes theHomer only—mere latter usually professor his with "I bought watch. surveyed so and so The is the world view, whichtext. The

is all portable suppose we could go on all nightvery essence of the epic milieu had many head of cattle. It

to wait until our own day."wealth—the stuff normally prized and getting things out of Mr. Chadwick."

"Let's get back on the track. What cultivated by nomads. (Pp. 404 ff.) "We could indeed. But before we

comes next?"And, as you recall from the opening break it up, let me point out just a

"That heroic societies are held tolines of Beowulf, the epic people are few more things. There is the overgether entirely by oaths. The oath always heaping up and dispensing whelming predominance of cattle in

is the one social tie from top to botwealth: the economy of plunder reevery heroic picture; there is the

tom, and so the whole heroic world quires a brisk turnover."prominence of feasting and drinking

is a constant ferment of secret oaths "But you said these people are only and they always eat and drink the and combinations. The oaths are reluctant and temporary nomads."same heroic fare: bread, beer, and

strictly personal affairs between indi- "Yes, in every case they dream of beef. They feast each other at great

viduals, and need I say that the viosettling down as soon as they can. exchange banquets, that lead to some

lation of an oath was considered the But even after they have grabbed famous quarrels.

one unforgivable crime? (Pp. 77, 88.) themselves lands and pinned them "Of course, a subject peasant popuIn this rough society 'the cardinal down with castles and strong places, lation is always found in the backvirtues are courage, loyalty, and they continue a seminomadic existground. And in the center of every

merry round of feudal wars epic looms fabulous some mighty and is ence—a (P.generosity.'courage 74.) The "

'abominations.'fortified and place, castle, a combination field;strictly in the physical—bravery

fort, do "Just you like city what or by that?"and mean Troy. Camelot is 'loyalty personal.'purelythe Chadwick says, 'It involves the duty of "The period of migrations is folIn keeping with the chivalrous patvengeance, as well as protection.'lowed immediately by what Chadwick tern we find everywhere the over-

(P. 74.) As to generosity, it is alcalls the saga time. It is a jockeying powering influence of some great lady,

for the great all power houses. among allegiance; owe ultimate to whom of generos- a matterways policy—the great center is the house The as notes, of indeed an older Chadwickity of his followers, a chief to a

princely bribe, with the admitted ineverything. Who came right after substratum of matriarchy is often aptent of buying and binding supthe epic and elegiac poets when you parent. Some authorities insist toporters by gifts."were reading Greek?"day that the concept of romantic mar-

"Ether all over again,"said the "The tragedies, of course."riage is found only in the epic milieu

professor. "And you will recall that Aristotle—completely out of place in other

"We were going to keep Ether out says the tragedies deal with the doings societies. The epic people habitually

of this for the present,"his friend of the great houses because they are live in tents, yet they are always replied, "but anyway it is further 'naturally tragic'They certainly building mighty cities as well as significant that all this generosity is were a mess: sordid struggles for sacking them: that paradox can be

..."paid for by systematic plunder and power, maniacal hatreds, bestial mureasily explained.

all within the household. "But not now,"the professororganized raids. Chadwick says: ders—and

'The history of the family,'writes pleaded hastily.

Plunder is a necessity for the hero who Chadwick of a typical cycle of hor- "Since these people are migrants wishes to maintain an active force of armed rors, 'is indeed little more than a to begin with,"Blank began stuffing followers to raids... plundering appear be catalogue of the crimes committed by things back into his briefcase, "everyfeature of the heroica characteristic age

against another.'member rides in (P. body on chariots and wagons esone say, an may weeverywhere—indeed,

184.) Everything a personal is on epics, the early the heroes on horsethere- derived bootysential feature. The

from enabled active and ambitious princes level, and invariably the antagonists (Continued on page 108) 106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Classic Listening "THE KENNECOTT SYMPHONY HOUR"Maurice Abravanel and the Utah Symphony OrchestM

Each Tuesday Night

8:30-9:30

FEBRUARY 1956 107,-,::.!..

There Were Jaredites

(Continued from page 106) back in the later ones. Well, so it

goes. We have an unmistakable pattern: I think there is no more chance

of confusing the epic milieu with anything else than there is of confusing a Sioux warrior with a European peasant."

"Oh, I begin to see where you are going,"the professor conceded, rising, "but it's my opinion that you still have a long way to go."

"I'll admit we have got in deeper than I thought we would. But now

that you have led me on so far, don't you think we should see this thing through?""Not tonight,"said Professor F.

with a touch of panic—there was no

telling what Blank would do once he got started.

"Certainly not. In fact, with the

limited resources we have here we could not go much farther anyway.

How about getting together next

Tuesday night in Dr. Schwulst's

office?""Why there?"

"Because I think he can give us some help, aside from having the only Egyptian collection between here and Puffer Lake."

"That stuff is over my head...."

"Which is exactly why we are going to surprise Dr. Schwulst next

specially for your... Tuesday. He works late, you know.

He'll be eager delighted—pathetically H to oblige anyone who's interested."

"You are a menace to society,"said

Professor F. at the door, "but Tuesday it is. Eight o'clock at 315 Gohira

Hall."(To he continued) BIBLIOGRAPHY 12S. N. Kramer, "New Light on the Early

History of the Ancient Near East,"Am.

Jnl. Arch. 52, p. 158f.

13E. V. Gordon, An Intd. to Old Norse

(Oxford, Clarendon; 1928), p. xxxi.

"Carleton S. Coon, The Story of Man

(N.Y.: Alf. Knopf, 1954), p. 6.

*t>e* YOUNG FARMER WITH FIRST LAND

Armour Anobel By menus special souvenir to walk at all [e doesn't seem now if sPec.o/ otfent/,rion Being a farmeryoung and pinetree tall,

But rather lifts up his Hermesheels

With ease that the newwinged always feels

As he measures off his land with pride COFFEE And sees much more in the countryside acres girth to ten possible SHOP Than this just has bought the But then man

Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager earth!

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

If you've lost your heart to a new

BU ICK CADI llACCHEVROLET -CHRYSLER

The beautiful new Buick Roadmaster Riviera Two powerful performers: the stunning new Cadillac

deserves all the proved power benefits of TCP*. Eldorado Seville and Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP.

Chevrolet's striking new 9-passenger Station Wagon Conoco Super with TCP is the gasoline that's maderates the fuel with a great "new high"in octane. toorder for Chrysler's new Windsor Convertible.

if"

fm. v

It's great to know..

Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP is madeto-order for all of today's highcompression engines!

REGARDLESS OF YEAR OR MAKE, YOUR CAR

DESERVES THE POWER BENEFITS OF TCP!

/. TCP boosts engine power up to 15%. 2. TCP gives you extra gas mileage.

3. TCPincreasessparkpluglifeasmuchasl50%. 4. TCP isjust like an engine tuneup.

5. TCP brings out all the extra performance of Conoco Super's "new high"in octane.

Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company 1956, Continental 031 Co.

FEBRUARY 1956 109 HIGH ADVENTURE

(Continued from page 94) make a cave underneath, while ocspeed of a galloping horse. CharAlmost at their feet was the camp casionally an outcropping rock would boneaux struck the butt of his gun

of the Battalion, with the dry bed of leave a cliff forty or fifty feet high on the rock to settle the charge and

Las Plagas stretching over the horito be skirted. One could easily have rammed home the patch, barely in

zon to the south. Away off to the turned an ankle or broken a leg by time too, for as he aimed a second

west a heavy ridge bored the way. being careless in the descent. In the time the great bear, with blood

"How far away do you say it is?"lower portion of this confusion of streaming from her mouth, pulled

questioned Charboneaux. rocks they came upon a cavernlike herself up over the edge of the rock.

"About thirty miles,"hazarded Jed. mass. Charboneaux emptied his gun into

Standing above it they tossed rocks her raging mouth, not six feet away, "It more than one hundred miles into its interior until, nothing comdropped the gun and drew his knife.

to ridge where San Pedro River and ing out, they assumed it to be empty. There was no chance to run. The

Gila come together. That's place we Charboneaux crawled into the enbear made one last effort to pull herleft General Kearny to come back and trance between two big boulders and self up over the boulder; then strength

guide you. General Kearny told explored the hole. Jed crawled in left her, and she tumbled back in

Cooke to bring the wagons through after him. front of her den in a great heap. The

that way, but it is impossible. We "Grizzly bear not at home,"whiscubs, growling and squealing, disapshall have to find a way for wagons pered Charboneaux. "Let's not be peared over the boulders toward the

this way."He pointed to the west. here when she come."And with top of the mountain. Charboneaux

The prospect was not inviting. He that they scrambled out. They were sheathed his knife and reloaded his

could not see how anyone could find barely in time. Clambering up over musket.

a path in that jumbled country. the rocks heading straight for the "That was what you would call

"It is water we must find,"laughed den was a large bear, followed by in English a close shave,"he grinned.

Charboneaux. "The country is altwo halfgrown cubs. She was imJed grinned back. He felt the color

ways there; the north always there,"mense, and almost white, her hair come back in his face, and he sudhe pointed, "the west always there, hanging long and grimy. denly felt weak.

water,but it never anywhere. The yelled "Hurry,"Charboneaux, "up tossed Charboneaux a rock on to

it lives BernardinoSan Rancho, to rock above."off on clambered They great hulk. the There was no movethere to somewhere; find have we a large jutted boulder over out which tried ment. a larger one. He it, to to guide us orApache Mexican their den. the old bear caught The

trader, if he come back. Then San scent and rose up on her hind legs "It has been known to happen

Pedro take us to the Pima Village on higher and higher until she stood that bear come to life and kill

Gila River."nearly seven feet tall. Then the sihunter,"he said briefly. After waitThe afternoon was wearing on lence was broken by the heavy report ing half an hour he slowly apwhen they began to descend. The of Charboneaux's gun as he aimed at proached the carcass, the gun ready.

But his second shot had done itsupper portion of the mountain was a the white patch between the giant work. stretched the They bear out legs.jungle of great bear's front roar together mighty rocks thrown A

as well could. as they "She weigh asin massive the to escaped confusion beast she but solid from

one thousand pounds,"guessed Charwalk on. It was as if the Creator clawed and bit at the spot, then she

had started to construct a gigantic turned and charged straight for boneaux. "Not a bad day's huntstaircase to heaven and had tired and them. "Shoot for her mouth,"yelled ing,"he laughed. "One deer, one

friendsscattered the blocks. Here and there Charboneaux as he hurriedly refat bear! Meat's meat—your

three or four giant boulders were loaded. Jed shot, but the bear kept will eat tonight."

heaved together in such a way as to on coming. She came on with the (To he continued)

SOLOMON MACK AND HIS FAMILY

(Continued from page 91) sus returns of Tunbridge or Royalton Stephen Mack. Died in Pontiac, Mich.

"Joseph's wife's brother."On Aufor the years 1830 or 1840. He was Daniel Mack. Died in Tunbridge, Vt.

gust 13th they returned to Tundead by 1841, when his nephew, Solomon Mack. Died in Gilsum, N.H.

bridge, where they were guests of Samuel H. Smith, was baptized for Lydia Mack, wife of Samuel Bill, died in

Daniel Mack. Lucy quotes as folhim in Nauvoo. 80 Another nephew, Gilsum, N.H.

lows from the journal of John Smith: Orlando Mack, son of Solomon, Jr., Lucy, who married Joseph Smith. She was

the mother of Joseph Smith the Morpreserved a of concise "Record

Prophet. mon traveled through Hampshire, New We Grandfather conFamily,"Mack's

sister Lovisa another and in were buriedand visited Daniel Mack, on our way who taining statements: these Gilsum, N. H. 81 brotherin-law. treated Joseph's uswas He

very kindly, but was unwilling to hear the first, the died in Gilsum, Mack,gospel. thence up the ConSolomon of record has We traveled yet been found No

79 1820. Aug. 23d, N.H.necticut river to Grafton. children any of Daniel Gates Mack Lydia, our in died Grandmother, Tunbridge,

Vermont. and his wife Sally Ball.

Daniel does not appear in the cenTheir children are as follows: (To be continued)

History of Joseph. Smith by his Mother, Lucy Jason Mack. Died in Maine.

Smith, pp. 244245. Journal of Patriarch John Smith, 81Rev. T. E. Spilman: SemiCentenarians of Butler

1836.August, Township, Nauvoo Baptisms, Book A, p. 107. Grove Montgomery Co., 111., p. 77.

no THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Onluti - on Union Pacific.

ASTRA DO/WE DINING..

Yes, it's a fact! Only on Union Pacific Railroad you have a topside view of everchanging western

can you experience the thrill of dining in a dome. scenery. Rolling bluffs, snowcapped peaks, colorThere are Astra Dome dining cars on two ful canyons, sunlit lakes and streams, pass in

luxurious Domeliners: parade before you. It's a new adventure in travel.

The "CITY OF LOS ANGELES"It doesn't cost a penny more to ride the DomeThe "CITY OF PORTLAND"liners. And it's so much more restful than driving.

Both Domeliners are in daily service between Need a car at your destination? Hertz Rent-A-Car

service is convenient, and rates are reasonable. Chicago and the Pacific Coast—the "City of Los

Angeles"between Chicago and Los Angeles, and So—wherever you live—on your next trip ask

the "City of Portland"between Chicago and your ticket agent to route you on a Union Pacific

Portland. There's no extra fare. Domeliner.

Place yourself in the delightful spot pictured We'll be happy to welcome you aboard.

above. While enjoying food that is absolutely tops,

Union Pacific and all Hertz agencies For information, tickets, or help with your travel plans, honor rail travel credit cards. see your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

Union Pacific Railroad f<bad'of ff?e c/ai/y Oomef/ners andStreamf/ners

FEBRUARY 1956 111

d. Quorum Members Living Away

Melchizedek Priesthood Rolls and Records from Home

There are three columns also in

Roll and Record Book for quorums, units, and groups, after the roll book in which a record is

Melchizedek Priesthood Groups, receiving their copies of the roll and kept of those away from home. One

Units, and Quorums record book from their stake presicolumn designates "fulltime missiondencies, to keep an accurate record of aries"; another "military service";

"living third the from one and away of participation the church each Mel- a. Roll Record Book and latter these three of home."The this holder. chizedek Priesthood By is provided the General by book A individuals the that columns means

is it secretaries, rethe that meant of thePriesthood Church, Committee school, to are concerned away away serve, live of gardless they where and Roll,called Record and B-2 Quorum for to or any work, from away home pertaining as accurately record should for of Melchizethe Book, useReport availtherefore are not reason and to of group, a priesthood each member units, groups, Priesthood anddek activity for able in their quoown all unit, reor items the quorum, of the throughout Churchquorums record kept rums. should This be

activities, includhis garding church Saints. of Christ LatterdayJesus also, in accurately, order that quoat his ing the weekly attendance to this of are sent eachCopies book all at presidencies rum know may are asked meetings, priesthood which for in president thestake Church all are. times where members quorum

roll for in record book. the and to Melchizevariousdistribution the secretaries provide the quorum Thus

dek Priesthood groups, units, or quoquorum presidencies with the necesrums in his stake. c. Attendance at Weekly Priestsary information for them to maintain

This book is of sufficient size to hood Quorum, Unit, or Group Meet- a continuous contact with quorum hold two hundred names, which adeing or Other Church Assignments at members who are living away from quately provides for the largest elders the Same Hour home. As is known by Melchizedek

and seventies quorums in the Church The first item in the roll book is: Priesthood quorum presidencies, since

and for most of the high priests quo- "Attendance at weekly priesthood they have already received such inrums. However, in case a high priests quorum or group meeting or other structions, it is the responsibility of

quorum is exceedingly large, thereby church assignment at that hour."This quorum presidencies and those who

making the roll book inadequate, the means that the quorum members assist them to keep in constant conquorum secretary is provided with should be in the class room in attact with all their quorum members

B-l Quorum Roll, Record and Retendance at the priesthood meeting who are away from home. This is

port Book, which contains space for or they should be actually fulfilling a to be done by writing them letters;

four hundred names. If, however, a definite church assignment, such as: by assigning quorum members to

quorum is using the smaller record working with Aaronic Priesthood write to them; by keeping absentee

book and before the year ends its members; serving on a high council members informed on all quorum acenrolment should increase and thereassignment elsewhere in the stake; as tivities, projects and accomplishments;

by exceed two hundred, the secretary a member of a stake presidency, visitby inviting them to participate in could secure a second copy of the ing a priesthood group other than the quorum projects whenever it is feasi- "B-2"roll book in which to complete one in his ward; or fulfilling other ble even though they be away from

the year's record. If he should secure similar church assignments at that home; and by encouraging them to

the larger book ("B-l") at that time, hour. It does not mean that they keep the commandments and thereby

it would entail much work in copying could spend the priesthood meeting honor the priesthood which they hold.

the names and records from "B-2"to time making preparations for a church Some quorum presidencies and "B-l."If a Melchizedek Priesthood assignment for a later hour and be secretaries have been inclined to dequorum is using "B-2"roll and recgiven credit for "other church assign duct from the regular enrolment

ord book and should before the end ment at that hour."those who are away from home in

of the year have only a few members The General Priesthood Committee order that the attendance percentages over the two hundred in the quorum, strongly urge quorum secretaries to might appear higher on the reports the secretary could easily make up a keep an accurate record each week of sent to church headquarters. That

few pages similar to the ones in the the attendance of all quorum memis not in keeping with quorum presiroll book and attach them to it. That bers at their Melchizedek Priestdencies responsibility of taking care

would save the expense of using only hood quorum, unit, or group meetof all the quorum members. Merely

a small space in another copy of ings, in order that a true picture of because quorum members, as a re- "B-2"roll and record book and then the activities of each quorum member sult of circumstances beyond their wasting the remainder of it. may be preserved. This can be done control, are forced to live away from

if quorum secretaries are always in home, this fact does not in any de- b. Responsibilities of Secretaries attendance at these meetings and have gree relieve quorum presidencies from

It is the responsibility of all sectheir roll and record book with their responsibility of taking care of retaries of Melchizedek Priesthood them. those quorum members.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

e. Attendance at Sacrament Meettaries have copies of the roll book in each quorum member and thereby be

ing which they keep the attendance recin a position to render their influord of the weekly priesthood group ence where most needed.

It is suggested that presidencies of meetings and the quorum secretary

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums dehas a similar roll and record book in h. Serving in an Office

attendance the he records which vise methods convenient and efficient at The next item on the report is to meeting. the monthly These quorum their secretaries check can whereby

on the attendance of all the quorecords should be used advantageousmaintain a record of each quorum ofof his assignments as an presidencies for the member ly by quorum meeting at sacrament rum members stake, ficer, adviser, or teacher in the diffispiritual advancement of quorum after week. This is not week

or capaciauxiliary priesthood, ward, as well as supplying members, data or units, cult the quorums, where ties, stake or as a his appointment reports to for the are sent which those are small groups where and is easily missionary. material This headquarters. of church responsibility to the assigned

obtained from each individual in the checking the sacrament meeting atrecord should a careful and members each of the tendance g. Filled One or More Church Asquorum; know

serves by he week while be kept week diffisignment of the personally. Regardless

in his assigned capacities, as well as culties involved, however, it is sugwhen he receives his releases. Cergested that solutions be worked out It is suggested that unit or quorum

to this problem in each of the indisecretaries, under the direction of the tainly members of quorum presidenvidual quorums, units, and groups unit leaders or quorum presidencies, cies will know when each individual his their direction receives under devise they methods whereby can that in order the throughout Church special his particular release from quickly check accurately but all membe kept, record might an accurate or accuassignment assignments, and of filled bers the have quorum presiwho that in order quorum and also rate records accordshould be made or one assignment more church durdencies which men under know may ingly. ing the week. Credit should be their increased jurisdiction enneed

couragement to be faithful in abiding given in the proper place in the roll by God's commandment of attending book for that achievement. This i. Minutes

sacrament meetings. 1 would make the material available It is suggested that the secretaries

for the monthly are reports which all of Priesthood Melchizedek quosent headquarters to Church and also f. Attendance at Monthly Priestunits, rums, the record and groups

reports. the quarterly In addihood Meetings for of minutes meeting the space each on

tion, presidencies quorum be would in the roll provided book. record and

Each quorum secretary should poskept informed on the activities of In the minutes, the names of all the sess a copy of the roll and record officers in attendance should be book. In it he should keep an acAT THE DEDICATION OF THE listed; and if there are any absent

curate record of the attendance of DAVID O. McKAY BUILDING AT ones, reasons should be given for

each of the quorum members at the BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY their absence. The minutes should

Priesthood quoMelchizedek monthly the meeting. who conducted By S. Dilworth Young state all the quorum rum meeting. When list the assignments They should and

members live in one ward, as is the Ctudents! appointments made. Also, all matthe Look upon elders of quothe case with many silver locks ters interest, of particular business

sits here, Of him who seventies of the rums, some and transacted, considered, problems deas Upheld quorums, one Sunday each month at Prophet! cisions made, lesson materials studied,

the regular priesthood hour is desigSeer! Revelator! or anything else of particular impornated as the monthly quorum meettance which transpired at the meeting. The attendance of quorum Degrees and honors ing, should be recorded. Such vital

him; Become that particular Sunday members on are properly reto be his Buildings bear name. happenings carefully in recorded should be brings carefully such honor? for corded and preserved order What

that that item of the report would be any legitimate future use.

accurate. Somehow

He ennobled In quorums where the members Each small act, j. Appreciation

reside in two or more wards, the Seeing in quorum members being divided into EveryDivinity.man The General Priesthood Commitgroups, a definite time is selected Thus he devoted years. tee expresses deep appreciation to all

for all the quorum members of the He wanted to Melchizedek Priesthood secretaries

Serve God. various groups to assemble once each He willed to stand throughout the Church and encourmonth in a quorum meeting. Under True. ages them to continue their good

willed, he those circumstances, the group secreBecause will works, faithfully dedicating their best that God used!D & C 59:9-19. To His great purposes. efforts to their Church assignment.

FEBRUARY 1956 113 ThePresiding

Ward Teachers

Should Teach Impartially Study Guide for Ward Teachers It is the responsibility of ward teachers to teach the gospel impartially with February 1956 all members receiving equal consideration. or their conduct Their reputation Reverence in the Home

is as it is or as it told known, by others, prejudiceshould not of the thinking Latterday every Saint father the home, priest as preside should Tn the teachers.ward should have While we A in his If it, for lived has home. he own bears Priestthe he Melchizedekgreat for admiration are members who

entitles to hood all which in share blessings the him of promises the and inactive the should Church, have we gospel, including those of the of the Lord, ultimately House of those and greatas love for concern those and who celestial for the therein kingdom, lays the of his he foundation kingdom own remiss.are described the Jesus good

is to designed which projected into eternities be the to come. (See & C D asshepherd to willing the leave one the

ninety and nine to go in search of the 76:5457.)

one lost in the thicket. In entrusting his servants with such great endowment, the Lord made

Sometimes we are inclined to pass known how important would be the proper exercise of this priesthood and judgment on those we know, placing power lest it be taken away. (See ibid., 121:37.)

them in one of three categories: Those Paul tells us that the man is the head of the woman as Christ is the

we like; those we dislike; and those in head of the Church, and he giveth himself for the Church. When a man

whom we have little or no interest. stands at the head of his wife and children, as Christ stands at the head of

Perhaps too frequently this same prohis Church, and in the same spirit giveth himself for them, he has the cedure is repeated when meeting new right to be loved and respected by them. A man chooses his wife to be a

members. As ward teachers, we should helpmeet to him, and in our holy Church marriage in the temples of the

not judge members at all. Lord, a woman agrees to obey her husband as he obeys the Lord, and beThe Apostle Paul warned of the conyond this sacred relationship, no man has the right to expect obedience

sequences of judging others in these from his wife and children. President Brigham Young taught that no

words, woman was under obligation to follow her husband to hell.

is of his as calling priest high worthy in his the the man When own thou judgest wherein another, love the wife, he deserves respect of thou home, his and in she and turn should. thyself. 2:1.)condemnest..... (Romans

so the children teach to love respect and him. His eviwill worthiness be

No conscientious ward teacher should denced by the fact that he does honor and obey the Lord. He gathers his

usurp authority that is not his. In this family around him in family prayers. He honors his priesthood and perregard Samuel Johnson spoke words of forms faithfully his assignments therein. He attends his meetings. He

is honest in all his dealingswisdom when he said, observes the Sabbath day and keeps it holy. He

with his fellow men. He does not take the name of the Lord, his God, in

God himself, sir, does not propose to vain. He observes the Word of Wisdom and is honest in the payment of

judge a mart until the end of his days. his tithes and offerings. He is true to his wife and children in all things,

and he presides over them in the spirit of love and kindness.

This is the attitude every ward One writer has said:

teacher should have. We should think

positively, not considering a member as Happy are the families where the government of parents is the reign of he may be today, but envisioning what affection, and obedience of the children the submission of love.

he may become tomorrow.

Building character of the soul paralWhen a home is so governed and controlled, its projection into the lels new construction—there are times eternal worlds with the association of wife and children and their families

during the process when both seem unis man's greatest conception of a heaven that is worth striving for.

attractive, but the finished product is When a man so lives and presides in his home, his children will come an object of beauty. Always in the to him for blessings in time of sickness or for special occasions, and they will

mind's eye of the architect, there is the be proud to say, "He is my father."What greater success could a man

pleasing picture of the completed buildask for?

ing. Likewise, there should be in the

minds of ward teachers the highest concept of what each member could be at INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR MARCH 1956 his best, and it should be their ambition Fundamentals of the Welfare Plan to assist him to achieve the maximum from his latent possibilities. No government or political party can guarantee temporal security indefinitely.

It that security. assures a plan includes has Lord the following: The the paythrilling It is a for experience

tithes, of of proper observance the the law of ward ment to fast, each provide member toteachers action. in witness repentance activity in for his the maintain follow Church, own, leadership the and of those

The transformation that comes as a rein authority.

sult of repentance adds beauty to the Reference: (D & C 104:1518.)

soul. Through this great gift one of

God's stupendous miracles is wrought.

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

CHALLENGING RECORDS The Price of One Cigaret

felt bad. A bishopsome individualcalled in theawardofficeapplicationto pick up youngPriesthoodmen award. Naturally, these

blanks. He was delighted that his ward But the bishop was kind. He did not

would qualify for the ward Aaronic lecture them. His counsel was that of

Priesthood award for 1955. The ward a father with a forgiving, understanding

would have qualified last year, too, exheart. He encouraged the boys not to

cept for "one cigaret.""try it again."They promised!

Two young men, brothers, were This year the bishop interviewed them among the last to be interviewed by the again and asked, of each, the same bishopric concerning tithing and obquestion, "Have you kept the Word of servance of the Word of Wisdom before Wisdom throughout the year?"

applying for individual awards. They

had paid a full tithing, but, as each Quickly, and with understandable of answered boys the pride, two each kept private, you in asked, "Have was

I "Yes, bishop, for word, almost word Merlin Yancey Marvin Yancey the of throughout the Wisdom Word for just price again the never pay of will look and a dropped His head year?"

cigaret taught cigaret. one That me one replied, brothers, his face into twin Marvin, as he and regret Merlin came

so I'll forget. I was never a lesson to try in cigaret, just ordained have deacons 1951 and one were I smoked "No!

sorry terribly to let you and the fellows at it. priesthood a perfect attendance so embarrassed!"and I am

year."down last are time. from that sacrament They bishop was amazed. Here were The

now priests and reside in the Riverton two of his most dependable young men The bishop and his Aaronic Priestreceive the ward Ward, South Blackfoot (Idaho) Stake.—active, and always willing to do their hood leaders will

duty. He would never have thought Aaronic Priesthood award this year beit of them. He had to tell them that, cause there were no "onecigaret"experiexcept for "one cigaret"their leaders ments—the price was too high: It is

would have received the ward Aaronic always too high.

Senior Members.

Ward Teaching for promoting harmony in the training

Group Advisers Should Be preparationsprocess is fortogether,companionsalways torecognizmake

Senior Companions to ing the value of prayer and study. Kind and Considerate

Train Junior Companions Detailed planning is necessary before

Group advisers to senior members of setting out to make the visits. They

will conduct decide should upon who of Priesthood should the Aaronic a features of the important make One in discussion each the home. in contacts kindness is their watchword the teaching program good ward

with group members. It is easy to reproper training of junior companions. When the senior companion conducts

turn kindness for kindness, but the real Senior companions should be kind, the discussion, he should, as a courtesy, challenge and a mark of greatness is considerate, and understanding of their ask his companion for opinions and to be kind in the face of abuse. Reless-experienced colleagues. They should comments. Such a senior companion

gardless of how intense the provocation, not think of them as silent partners seldom fails to gain the respect and a kind word or deed will soften the but should consult and counsel with confidence of his companion which is cold or angry heart. Few there be, if them in all matters pertaining to ward vital to successful training and effective

any, who can long withhold love and teaching. The most effective method ward teaching.

respect from those who are kind and considerate. PERFECT ATTENDANCE RECORDS FROM NORTH POCATELLO STAKE

Kindness is an attribute of God. It

is the offspring and voice of love and one of the most powerful weapons in winning and holding friends. It has

been aptly said that "Kindness turneth away wrath."It penetrates the walls of Nine Aaronic Priestresentment and prejudice and brings hood bearers from

light to the dark corners of men's souls. the(Idaho)NorthStakePocatellohave

Its conquest of bitterness is as gentle attended all priestas the sun's rays, and as forceful as hood and sacrament the waves of the ocean. meetings in their reThe group adviser who maintains morespectivethanwardsone year.for

self control and who can speak the gentle word when the occasion may prompt explosiveness, will win the respect and friendship of his group members which is the first great step to his success.

FEBRUARY 1956 115 Stan and Allien a theatrical trouper's for they packed Christmas, and to to accept The Kitchen Spotlight trunkto go some New York professional opportunities that had been offered.

recollects, "But,""before Stan we on Stan Russon the trunk, locked little wary. I grew a

It just didn't seem to be the thing to do. So, we unpacked, and here

we are."And with honest relief he says, it, of the thespian thrill through his "Boy, am I glad we didn't go,"andDrama is where you find whether on stage or in Stan Rusward and also through two high then explains: "It is almost impossible

son's kitchen. And when Stan school musicals, Stan answered the to have any normality of living when

is at work, it is neither tragedy or call of the theater in college, and on stage. You must yield to the decomedy, but good, straight kitchen there one success followed another. mands of the footlights, producers,

cookery for which he wins thunderBut his biggest success came the and audiences."He counsels wouldous dining room applause. As a matfirst summer the Maude May Babcock be footlighters: "Stay home; build a

ter of fact his family often requires a players trouped. "It was barnstormhome; live with and enjoy your famcommand performance of some of his ing in all its glory,"Stan explains. ily. That's the only way to do, and

specialties. But that is not surpris- "Allien was one of the troupe-—and I especially within the Church. Make

ing, for when you ask Stan about his was there—and we were in southern theater your hobby."

cooking, he just seems to twinkle Utah where the moon was so low you And because he. did stay home,

from head to toe and says, "I just could almost reach up and touch it, Stan Russon has met with happinesslove it!"and—"And from there the romance and success in his business; he has

But "loving it"is typical of this of the theater became the romance of had the privilege of serving in ward man, for he embarks upon all his acAllien Robertson and Stanley Russon. and stake MIA superintendencies, has

tivities in that spirit. And that perAfter their marriage, Broadway been both a second and first counhaps is a major contributor to his beckoned, so Father Robertson gave selor in his bishopric, has given thirmany successes.

Although a jeweler by profession, vice president and general manager of the LeysonPearsall Jewelry Store in Salt Lake City, Stan Russon is perhaps even better known through the Church as "Mr. Drama,"for in

his thirteen years as a member of the

YMMIA general board he has been a sparkplug to MIA dramatists throughout all the stakes. In and out

of the Church he is recognized for his theatrical performances, and he maintains that it all stemmed from his first onstage appearance in a play in the Twentyfirst Ward in Salt Lake

City as a boy of twelve or thirteen years. From that beginning, although

high school athletics interfered for a time, his name seemed to be written in Stardust. Being small of stature

for college athletics and having tasted

—Hal Rumel photo

Daughter Diane, Stan, his jelly, and manzanita planter.

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teen valuable years to the YMMIA general board of the Church, and has recently been called from there to preside as bishop of the North

Thirtythird Ward in Bonneville (Utah) Stake.

Among the members of Theta Alpha Phi the name of Stan Russon is written with honor, appreciation, and fond memories of successes of the past and anticipation of significant contributions to the stage in the future. He was president of Theta 1. Clothes stay cleaner longer with hot 2. For a crisp, juststarched look, cold

Alpha Phi for two terms of two years starch, because it penetrates deeper... starch is perfect for collars and cuffs,

etc. ruffles, blouses, dickeys, lace surface. edgings, just doesn't This helps the coat presialsoeach, served as has and

it's dirt wash, so quick can keep a softer, out more And and easy—you Players, the Deseretdent of the now all in finish. pliable starch iron minutes! perfect hot dry and. cangives... make You..

Salt Lake Theatre group, for two starch with Faultless Starch in barely a Faultless Starch makes perfect cold terms. His sixty or more performances minute, without cooking. starch—instantly.

on the stage of Kingsbury Hall have been memorable events for Salt Lake theater audiences.

this artistic in talent The man is or limited the kitchen,not stage to the Do you know these secrets for the interior of his home reflects other of his abilities, including doit-yourself remodeling, paper hangof successful starching?

ing, furniture refmishing, and other decorating activities. Last year while

Allien was in California he papered, painted, built valances, selected new carpet and draperies, and had a surprise bedroom for her when she returned.

It is wellknown that his father was a painter of note, and apparently he bequeathed this talent to Stan.

Unfortunately Stan is able to spend little time at the canvas, but his artistic eye is always busy. On a * 'WWMPWfOtwW**"

deer hunt of recent years he spotted

Faultwith the work 4. Save starching, time and For inbetween washdaya piece of manzanita shrub. This he 3.

less starch StarchBinse. and You bottled starch is handy and convenienttrimmed to suit his needs, shellacked but readymade liquid starch is expensive. at the same time, in your last tub of rinserinse

it to emphasize the rich red and gray With Faultless Starch you can make your water. Gives everything a very light

resists ironing that for dirt. Makes Starch less than Bottled a starching Bettercoloring, set it in an old iron pot, own conFaultless Starch easy, too, because directions are easy Quick, a quart. penny

and now has it in the kitchen winon the Faultless Starch package. tains ironingaids.

dow with ivy climbing through its branches.

With the same meticulous attention, Stan approaches his food specialites as a serious -minded gourmet.

As a matter of fact, he subscribes to the magazine for all such specialists, and from there he draws his fabulous dishes, all served a la Russon.

With his own alterations and suggestions, he submits

Coo Coo Pie (serves about six) find5. If theyouFaultlessuse a laundryStarchSprinkleservice, isyou'llthe 6.bottled,Whetherthereyouis nopreferquicker,hot, easier,cold oror

Filling: easysprinklewayin toone starch.easy operation.You starchNo sepaand betterStarch.wayThe tofineststarchlaundrythan withstarchFaultlessmoney

l'/2 cups cooked chicken rate starching job! Clothes will be dampcan buy comes in this familiar package

star the with the big red and House- 2 for tablespoons evenly starched Good flour ened ironing—and

it for grocer's. Seal. keeping at your Look time. at the same 1 cup milk

2 tablespoons butter l/4 teaspoon salt FREE BOOKLET to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is (Continued on following page) yours on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo.

FEBRUARY 1956 117 THE KITCHEN SPOTEIGHT ON STAN RUSSON jellycurrantthatjellywilleverequaleaten.or surpass any

(Continued from preceding page) hot. Stan said that this is a Russian

Preserves Cherry Ground to certain that is favor with win teaspoon pepper dish ys as well guests family. as the late supper parsley 1 teaspoon time in the Some fall when you

Dice the chicken. Melt butter in Happiness Cake are countrywalking or pheasant

saucepan, then stir in flour, salt, and hunting, look along the ground near pepper, and blend until smooth. Grad- 1 cup common sense the cornfields for ground cherries.

ually add slightly warmed milk to mixy2 cup justice They grow on a little vine that trails ture, stirring constantly to avoid lump- \y2 cup love along the ground adorned with small ing. Bring sauce to boil and cook for Sift with \y2 teaspoon mutual conhusks looking like tiny Japanese lantwo minutes. Add parsley and diced fidence, add two portions of a sense of terns. The cherry within the husk is

chicken. humor, spice to taste with wit and ripe when both it and the husk are

Pastry: nonsense, and bake in oven of approval. yellow in color. Pluck the husk,

Ice generous with appreciation, and it, shortening your cup it between blow into and pop l/2 serve marriage. up a happy

\ flour cup little cherry. there is the hands, and l/2

y2 teaspoon salt Make this the same as any other 3 tablespoons cold water The times Stan enjoys the kitchen preserves, matching fruit bulk with are the most he and when his son sugar, boiling, cooling, and sealing. roll, into into a pastry, and cut Mix trout, bring pheasants, Robert home

portionsix portions. generous Take a

of the chicken mixture and envelop it ducks, or their annual buck. And Strawberry Preserves

with the crust and shape as an apple Stan likes to prepare his wild game turnover. Bake in a 350 F. oven for in his own way. But on the hunt To four measuring cups of lovely

35 minutes. he is also on the lookout for ground large and wellcleaned berries, add

cherries, chokecherrics, and other wild four cups of sugar. Bring to a boil

Sauce: fruits, because from them he makes and boil ten minutes. To this mix-

a topping sauce from: Mix

fat his own jellies and preserves. "The ture add another four cups of berries tablespoons 2 chicken

2 tablespoons flour natural pectin in wild fruit is wonand four cups of sugar and bring enboil tire to boil to mixture and allow just derful! don't have You to worry salt teaspoon y2 ten minutes. you'd for another setting*, jelly "And the flavor the and 1 broth about cup chicken

Pour over piping hot coo coo pies. is exceptional."One of his favorites better add a touch of red food coloris the flowering crab apple species ing,"Stan suggests, "and always alCheese Blintzes

with the tiny red apple. "Many peolow to cool and stand one day before

Batter: ple believe these are not edible, but sealing."*

2 rounded tablespoons flour they make superb jelly for hot rolls, cold water wild game, and lamb."He also gathSteamed Duck

2 eggs ers for preserves, ground cherries butter Now's a good time to dig that duck is justifiably chokecherries, and he

Add to the flour enough cold water proud of his strawberry jam. out of your deep freeze and really

to make a syrupy mixture. Add one cook it right. Of course you'll singe

egg and beat so it is mixed; then add Flowering Crab Apple Jelly it well and scrub it thoroughly several

another egg. Melt a piece of butter times with a detergent water because

about the size of a walnut in the frying Pick the tiny red apples the latter the wild and greasy taste comes from pan and add to above mixture. No part of August, wash thoroughly, the outside skin. Then draw it,

salt is to be used. halve to be certain they are not plump into the cavity a big juicy

Cook over medium flame, having wormy, and then match the amount onion, and place in a pressure cooker of a with the thetouched bottom pan of fruit of with equal an amount until cooked. well puts says Stan he

little just to start, butter enough drop water, into boil a slowly and down of in the onehalf about water cup of pan, entire to coverbatter bottom little pulp. core or peel not the Do for sets cooker, 15 the pressure pounds surplus. off pour anyand immediately

This is important. Allow to cook. apples because all parts add to the and cooks 15 minutes. Then he has

When the bottom side is done, hit pan tastiness of the jelly. Allow the pulp the oven very hot, and he pops the

on bottom and flip out the thin panto drip from a bag, match the drained duck into the oven for a quick browncake, place uncooked side down on a juices with sugar, bulk for bulk, bring ing and serves it. This way the

clean cloth, and roll with the followto boil and boil for twenty minutes. fowl is juicy and tasty. Try it. This

ing as a filling: Bottle and wax. The jelly has, at the idea will revolutionize your attitude

time, both a sweet same succulent duck. and tart toward cheese cottage dry\ l/2 pounds it very delectable. taste, which makes is not a specialty Stan cook only. dairy) the (available from

butter "It's the simplest jelly imaginaWhen Allien is teaching at UCLA sugar ble,"says our cook,"and such a each summer, he manages the family 1 egg beautiful red that it requires no colormeals for Diane, 21, Robert, 17, and ing. It insult to those be an would Shirley occasionally daughter her and a until fine. the cheese Break Add up

little apples."red Absolutely no little Ririe, husband Rhees and their to sufficient butter, sugar ofpiece

sweeten, and one egg. (If too dry, add a pectin is necessary. oneyear-old Robin. This is the famlittle milk.) When desired, nutmeg For a slightly different taste, Stan ily for which Stan and Allien stayed

may be added. suggests adding one cup of raspber- *Some experts also recommend that the preserves

After pancake has been rolled, fry ries to each two quarts of apples for be put on a shell in the sun, covered with a glass, several at once in the pan, and serve a superb blending of flavors and a sealing.and allowed to become suncured for three days before

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

home from Broadway, and today they are happy they did.

The artistic talents of the parents are evident in each of the children, for Shirley has her master's degree from New York University in modern dance and is now on the staff of the

University of Utah; Diane will graduate from college this next summer and,

in addition to continuing her exceptional paintings, has plans to follow in her sister's footsteps; and Robert

is an instrumentalist, specializing on the clarinet, saxaphone, oboe, and flute, and also has been before the footlights at different times since he was six years old. Busy women take time out for cooking contests

So the members of this family share their hobbies as well as their everyGovernor Lee Congratulates Utah Cooks day living, and whether Daddy, Mrs. Joseph Holbrook (left) of Ask any prizewinning cook what

Bishop Russon, or Mr. Drama, as he Syracuse, and Mrs. Howard Stringyeast she uses. Chances are she'll say

may be called, Stan is a chef and ham of Bountiful, receive well deFleischmann's Active Dry Yeast! So

chief in his household. served congratulations from Utah's many experts agree that it's more

P.S. Stan always makes graham Governor Lee. Both ladies won top convenient to make yeastraised

cracker pie crust. "It's safer,"says awards in cooking competition at specialties with Fleischmann's Active

he. the State Fair last fall. Mrs. Holbrook Dry Yeast handy... it keeps for

won 11 awards plus a sweepstakes, months. And it's easy to use—rises

and Mrs. Stringham won 17. in a jiffy. If you bake at home—get

Naturally these two expert cooks Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast—

HANDY HINTS appreciate the importance of good it's the best.

use they ingredients. That's why for will Hints used Payment Handy be Get the New "It's Fleischmann'sActiveDryYeast. dollar publication. In theone upon event

'Thrifty Three"agree. they dependable,""And sothat the idea are submitted, two with same

the one postmarked earlier will receive the convenient, too, keeps for months."

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

clothes the rollers wringer on a When use, glazed from rough KITCHEn CHflRITl and slipperybecome give coarse sandpaperthem up with and WAXED PAPER life. Illinois. S. E. H., Chicago,them new

KEEPS FOOD A fullcircle petticoat with a ruffle on edge can be made without seams from a FRESHER LONGER!

used or new fullsize bed sheet. When

starched, it will give the teenager's felt or quilted skirt the desired "full look"always. Enjoy

Besides it will be of reasonable price, for finer flavor some sheets can be had for under two dollars, and greater and with a little extra money, colored sheets nutrition of becan used to match skirts.—Mrs. V. H., grainwhole. wheat.

Roy, Utah. jresbly ground!

Just keep a onecup plastic measuring every food element 'increasing or bag. bin, can, sugar Ever inpitcher your When TOis WRITE

in popularity it a takes recipe, only are a upyou making prices—FREE DAYretained!for

that Everyone knows facts I of the to amount recipes—food seconds measurefew cereal other bread and

with foods whole made it just as well workssugar needed. And

freshly grain ground FLOUR too. bowl, OFFER—SPECIAL sugar theas to fill scoop a sugar is tastier far richer and introfor coupon Send

in healthgiving nutriIdaho. B. B., Montpelier, 5-1 of offer ductory b.—Mrs.

it's ments. the And—pkg.. Smith Deaf wheat

wise where home somerich- flour, America's ts thing about done needle, try a through thread yarn To in it. est elements, food

select or -Minn., efficient, the First, Rapid insertthis the doubled simple method:—flour stone wheat Wis.—Electric Household Lee of the of needle thread a piece through it'send ground the day reduces FlourMill whole

shipped. fluffy insert to flour for the grain the then end through yarnand

resulting loop of thread. You can now pull aa fractionpound. Bestof a ofpennyall, LEE ENGINEERING CO.

the thread and yarn through the needle it's STONE GROUND Milwaukee 3, Wis.

with little trouble. Mrs. G. H., Hinckleij, LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Deph, I.E.

Utah. 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis.

When jelly refuses to harden, place the DEAFWIS. -MINN.SMITH FLOUR,FLOUR, 5-5-lb.lb. pkg.pkg. Postpaid.Postpaid. OnlyOnly $1.00$1.50

full jelly halfglasses of in a shallow pan in a moderwater bake and POPULAR WITH MILLIONS Name themof warm ate oven until set. Mrs. C. L., Mt. Vernon, OF HOUSEWIVES... Street

III. AT ALL LEADING GROCERS City State

FEBRUARY 1956 119 Trims and Treats TWO NEW DANCE for BOOKS Valentines which every church school, recreation leader should have. team his selection, and then try to

pantomime it for his own team. If

two different groupings of titles are

PREPARED BY ALMA HEATON Master of Science in Physical Education desired, some hearts on the tree could and Recreation, Brigham Young University be silver, or some of the red could //FUN DANCES"Valentines bright in red and be Betrimmedcertainwithto laceyhave papermany doilies.hearts

A dance for every purpose written to white, cupid's darts and true on the tree so that at the conclusion the needs meet of all ages. The ausweethearts, will enliven that Valof the entertainment it will be a

thor's great experience studio, in university, and church is concentrated entine party you are planning. If pretty "tree of hearts."

here for quick, easy teaching of young daters, what could be more What girl's heart hasn't done a recreational dances. Includes 135 cir- "divine"than a party with a romanquick flip at a wink from a handsome cle, couple, line, square, threesome

dances and 95 ballroom mixers. $2.50 tic flair; or if eternal sweethearts, man? To see who can keep his gal

what could be a more joyful reat your party, try "Winkum."Have

all the girls sit in a circle and the "Ballroom Dance fresher of the yesteryear? Wherever

Rhythms"theretine's arefun theis inyoungorder.in heart, ValenmenOne extrastand chairin backand ofonetheirextrachairs.man

More than 500 steps are described For a table center or a room trim, should be in the circle. The "flirter"

in this complete yet simplified book. make a "tree of hearts"by silvering (the man with the empty chair)

Includes of types 9 foxtrots, 7 types a small branch and "planting"it in winks at one of the girls. She tries of waltzes, 11 South dances, American

with fundamentals and suggestions a pot of sand. From the silvered to get up and dash to his empty chair,

for teaching. $2.00 twigs hang small red hearts tied to but if her partner tags her before

Send cash, check, money order to the branches by tiny red or white or she leaves, she must remain. If he

Y Press, Brigham Young University, silver ribbons. Now cover the flower isn't able to tag, she becomes the

Provo, Utah.

pot and sand with the kitchen alumipartner of the winking man, and her num foil or other silver paper, and original partner then tries to get a tie a big red satin bow around it. new girl in the same manner. Of

the be course, hearts keep course red tinfoil must their arms would men Of GRIND YOUR OWN to their sides colored beautiful, the but during game. shimmeringly "Oh

FLOUR & CEREAL art paper would suffice. me, everybody's got my girl,"says he.

with this sturdy The "tree of hearts"is not only What better time for "Courtship"attractive, but it can also be used for than Valentine's! Let's play by havgame purposes; for example, write on ing the guests sit around the room WHEAT MILL each heart an appropriate song title, and giving to each a sheet of paper

name of a book, and so forth, for a with the names of a different couple

ONLY game of Valentine's charades. The on each. These should be folded

pantomimer would go to the tree, under and wellconcealed. Then the

pluck a heart, show the opposing leader will explain that as he makes $650

POSTPAID

ANYWHERE IN AMERICA CJL991-J

Mill cracks or grinds corn wheat, and all Half the fun is helping! kinds or soft grains. T/2 of hard Grinds

pounds of flour or cereal per minute.

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS

Please send me one Wheat Mill. Inclosed is

$6.50 (check or money order.)

Name

Address

City

State

PEHRS0N HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH -H. Armstrong Roberts Photo

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA certain statements, each individual will write the answer on his paper.

After each answer the paper is folded by each player and handed to the right to the next person who will write the second answer, and so on. These lovely to look at

are the statements to be answered:

Where they first met; what she said; better to

what he said; what she had on;

what he had on; where they went;

what happened; they said good night. Here's a new salad from our

When the last statement is written, the papers are unfolded and each TUNA ROUND THE NATION recipes that player reads aloud his courtship story.

will make everybody glad they came.

A fter the evening's entertainment, *- for a simple refreshment try a For finest flavor, you'll need

Valentine cake and ice cream. Bake a

white cake in two heartshaped molds White Star (or individual molds if desired), and tint one layer a delicate pink. Ice tender tuna cuts

these with the muchloved white mountain icing, but for Valentine's change it to "pink mountain"icing by substituting maraschino cherry juice for the water in your favorite recipe. Complete the theme with

strawberry revel ice cream and pink lemonade. Of course, the ice cream

and cake should be served on dainty paper doilies.

If you prefer to "have a heart,"fill heartshaped meringues with whole strawberries, sprinkle with confectioners'sugar, and top with whipped cream.

Add your ideas to these and have a warmhearted Valentine's party.

P.S. Even if you aren't partying,

try these ideas for a dessert surprise for your special Valentine, with love.

VALENTINE FOR A HUSBAND

By Alma Robison Higbee TVTo frilly, lacetrimmed heart would do,

No card that I could buy or make

Would bespeak my love the whole year TUNA SALAD, through

Like roast and biscuits and chocolate cake. MANHATTAN

Toss ingredients together. Moke your

8ft 2 cans (6V2or 7-oz. size) best tomato aspic; chill it In a fishWhite Star Brand Tuna shaped or ring mold; turn out on col-

1 cup sliced celery orful chop plate. Arrange tuna salad

Vt cup chopped pickle relish 4 hardcooked eggs, chopped with the aspic as suggested above/ or % cup mayonnaise as your fancy dictates. Makes 6 big

Salt and pepper servings.

LcoMfbrJhe Blonde MertnzM on the label, and at the Pirate Ship Restaurant in Disneyland.

FEBRUARY 1956 121 First Formal

by Lucille Waters Mattson It's entirely

a before me, stood as you Tonight helped you I have you happy, little your well pale and but approved Automatic... Daughterwith yourmine,zipper,

makeup and coiffure, greeted little realized how full was my heart your first date, and tried to ease the pride and joy in your physical his selfconsciousness and send you and spiritual cleanliness and beauty, ELECTRIC both on your way to the Gold and the trust in your judgment and charGreen Ball with laughter and anticiacter, the hope for your happiness and WATER pation. In a few moments I will prayer for your safety at all times,

dress and go to the recreation hall and mingled with it all, the sense of HEATING to watch you dance in the floor show. loss for a little girl. Never, until you

But for a brief space I must think of experience motherhood, shall you costs the the meaning of tonight. fully comprehend how a mother's

average I see you again standing before heart goes always with her child. family

only me in the lemon yellow "first formal,"Tonight may well be the founda- D about which to us is a demure and beautition for your whole life, for you will a dime ful creation from its long full skirt begin to set the pattern for your fu- a day to the finely tucked bodice, cap ture conduct and consequently for sleeves, and dainty collar. (The style your life. It is a wonderful privilege

in and neat, find entertainment able to is so like to be you—modest, Buy from Your Dealer or Plumber the point frills, surroundings, almost to clean, wholesome such without

of being plain, though myself I would to be able to accept dates and choose

Be Modern... prefer ruffles and lace.) I feel again your companions among people of

ideals. Live Electrically the terrible weight which lay on my such high standards and

heart as I sewed the tiny tucks and Your future actions will also reUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. the voluminous skirt. I see you flect the teachings of your home. I

lying so pale and ill for weeks and feel humble to have had the reremember how patient and sweet you sponsibility of teaching you and at were about it, how faithfully you the same time I feel fearful that I took your medicine and reminded may not have fulfilled that responsime of the tiresome thermometer. I bility well and that sometime in the

recall the anxiety and worry that future Satan may find the place pressed on my mind as I tried to aswhere I have failed.

sure you that you would be well After tonight much of the responsiVITAMINS AND enough to go to the ball in the lovebility and decisions are yours. I hope

MINERALS lythe formal.love andBestthankfulnessof all, I rememberI felt for youyour willresponsibilityrecognize theof growingmagnitudeup of

Drink them in your faith in God's healing mercy. your whole life will depend upon

delicious juice form—Use a Every time I see the dress I shall it, and all eternity. Be humble and

SWEDEN Speed JUICER think of tonight. For tonight is the prayerful and remain your same sweet

is lovely link a formal"the past the future, self. between and A "first

the natural family your Give nestling. flight of a thing, like the first childhood between and womanhood, celery, carrots, of nutrients

apples, cabbage, etc. in delibetween those days when I stitched May it always be remembered with

juices. process Sweden cious

flavor. natural Even upon a "first formal"for a little girl sweet memories as the beginning of for true

those who balk at cooked vegand the days ahead when out of the many happy times and no regrets.

etables will want "seconds."broken bands of childhood shall God keep you always as sweet and

Juice in seconds. emerge a beautiful young woman. beautiful as you are tonight.

Easy to operate Easy to clean.

u.L.ac.s.A APPROVED DIABETES COMES TO OUR HOUSE

(Continued from page 81) Mealtime became arithmetic time.

At leading departother was the meal by meal chart of Then we would weigh (on postage ment, appliance how much protein, carbohydrates, and scales I had bought) and measure healthfood and stores, or write for fat she could have, with the total for most carefully. How thrilled we free folder.

the three meals and two snacks. For were when the urine turned blue with

PAT. NO. 2297880

the figuring were sugar out and that we before each meal and figure PENDING OTHERS CWCDCN days both she and I would sit down each test, showing there was no SSPEED JUICER correctly. mastering were food she could have from what We CO. exactly MFG. SWEDEN FREEZER

DEPT. J 1-3 JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH. the food prepared for that meal. the disease! Even the testing of

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

urine seemed simple when I found a new method. It involved only the

placing of five drops of urine in a Enjoy the Bread that's test tube with ten drops of water.

Then a special tablet was dropped in and immediately the mixture began Rich in Milk!

bubbling. At first, it turned blue and

would stay that way if there were no sugar present. If there were a trace

of sugar, it would turn to green, and if there were a great amount, it would turn to orange or even to brown.

When the Christmas holidays were over and Lynn returned to school,

I sent a note to each of her teachers telling her that Lynn was now a diabetic, enclosing a wrapped hard candy and asking her to keep it in her desk so that it would be there in also enriched case she were to go into insulin shock at any time. That was a very with vitamins

later, do, I discovered thing tounwise in and iron Fresh at your grocers her abnormal seemfor it made their eyes, and there was no need for it. If she has had a blue test before breakfast (indicating no sugar in

the urine), then her shot is the regular amount of insulin, her diet the Here's the milk that helps usual one, and we know that she cannot have insulin shock! If her

test or yellow, is green her insulin you be a better coot! is steppeddosage up slightly. We

have learned now how to adjust this V easily. And we don't worry now,

learned over havefor we the two \ that as longyears maintains as Lynn her diet, does not exercise unusually strenuously, and consistently tests her urine twice a day, insulin shock is not possible.

We have learned, too, to laugh off her inability to eat sugar. At first,

she came home in tears many times because the class was to have a party and she would look so "queer"when A 3c stamp sent she couldn't eat anything. For a few

times I tried sending with her speto cial cookies and candy allowed diaENDICOTT CHURCH FURNITURE betics. But that was no legitimate THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and

substitute to her when the other chilCUSHION-EZE PEWS dren noticed the difference in her 50 North Main refreshments and asked embarrassing Salt Lake City 16, Utah questions. So we decided on a new See It

plan of action that has worked out will bring you an Before You Buy beautifully. Now at parties she eats FindEndicott'sout howdelivery

asalmost others. cut ANNUAL INDEX 1955 as much and installation We service Write Today saves you money Dept. Z-4her before the meal party a great

deal, and after she gets home and tells ENDICOTT CHURCH FURNITURE us what she has had, we adjust the WINONA LAKE INDIANA count of the following meals and JOHNSON & JOHNSON snacks to it. She eats ice cream and L.D.S. Genealogical Research

cookies in small amounts but enough Specializing in to make it seem she is completely U.S. Census Records and THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

normal. If anyone urges her to inPension Records 12 issues—$2.50

dulge in punch, candy, or frosting, Box 3188Washington 9, D. C. Foreign—$3.00

(Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1956 123 Christopher Columbia SapDIABETES COMES TO OUR HOUSE (Continued from preceding page) As a youngster Lynn was addicted she nonchalantly tells them she is to tantrums, perhaps no more than

Saw with "allergic"to them. So many youngmost children, but too many to suit &feffB sters are allergic to things now that us. After trying various methods

it really works, and she is accepted prescribed by psychology books, as normal. neighbors, doctors, and our own imDiabetes once was a killer as canagination, we despaired of any discicer is now. Thanks to medical sciplinary method working with her.

less most each month brings something see, she can't scream and kick her EARN. Don't tab ence, it has been conquered and alDiabetes has been our discipline. You

new and more helpful in the control heels and do anything against this

... for your Earn money more this first, of disease. disease. to to her, says At Nature had "No, Lynn

: ':::':: -:-:::->:'.-:::-::. ':

full safety complete with a 4% this; a can't of large take eat yes, kinds cat amount of you two you must STATE

instituthis at supervised state insulin. this exercise. SUPERVISED could not have These and mixed be more You

tion. Save by mail. Open an

ELBERT R. except at the time the shot was given, can refuse to take this painful shot, now. account by writing

CURTIS so that two bottles had to be used but the results will be more painful."

President and the insulin mixed as best posShe may rebel and not do some of sible after taking it into the syringe. the prescribed things, but the punNow a new type insulin makes it ishment of headaches, dizziness, and

SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. possible to have the two mixed before nausea is quick to come. Knowing

1056 EAST 21ST SOUTH ST. bottling. This insulin is of double this, she has learned to obey. ObediSALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH strength, too, thus cutting in half ence to this disease is teaching her,

the amount to be injected. as we could never do, obedience to

Saccharine provided the only sweetother commands and needs. She is

ening Lynn could have. When developing such a sweet, helpful disfoods were cooked, it seemed to lose position that often we forget to look

its strength. Worse still, it turned on her sickness as a curse. She has

unpalatably bitter when used in cerlearned the hard way that she can't tain foods such as citrus fruits, rhualways have everything her own barb, and so forth. Recently there way but that when she does as she

American has been developed a new type of should she is rewarded.

:: Upholsteredwith pew endsChairs sweetening which does not lose its The other children are learning

strength nor taste bitter. Often we valuable lessons, too. They have

es//netiwn use it for our desserts, too, so that learned to give up some of their

Lynn feels again more normal besweets. Since our food budget does

UPHOLSTERED CHAIRS cause we eat what she does. not stretch so that they may have

FOR DIGNITY AND COMFORT The doctor's suggestion that diaall of the meat and cheese necessary

Increasingly, modern churches betes might prove a blessing in disfor Lynn's diet, often they must be are turning to the dignity and guise has become a reality. All of us content with small portions or none

comfort, as well as the beauty lion's are eating share. she carefully since has the more we when When

durability and of American Updiet his brother teeth Lynn's to balance so careLynn's to have had holstered Chairs. This type of have

seating also lends itself to fully. Usually our desserts were pie, straightened and was told by the

curved rows. Write to us in rich puddings, or even candy. Now dentist that he must not have candy

detail about your needs. they are fresh fruit with occasional or gum during the period of wearing

DEPARTMENT 169-A custards and simple milk puddings braces, his wails were quickly silenced

AMERICAN SEATING COMPANY that Lynn can have with her own by the reminder that Lynn could World's Leader in Public Seating 901 Broadway N. W., Grand Rapids 2, Michigan sweetening. A Sunday or holiday never have candy, and hence he

dessert is a sponge or angel food cake should not mind a two or three year with whipped cream frosting. The deprivation. When he begins to

cream can be flavored with this chew gum again, he'll have Lynn's,

IJflA/ Addressograph sweetening and tastes just as good, for we've found the kind without ODEL 30 we think, as the icings heavy with sugar as palatable as. the others, and

FOR sugar. our dentist tells us it will save many

Membership ONLY Lynn's first diet called for minute decays and toothaches since chewing

Mailing in the amounts of butter, cream, bacon, and gum with its consequent sugar deposits down into the gums is very Ward $11500 other fats—things she has always

Repetitive Plus Tax loved. In order to give her more of detrimental to teeth.

in Writing all F.O.B. these, milk. learned discovered to admire skimmed we We have

Cleveland Business of in giving herself us drink courage the it. Lynn's it and love Now all

Please address all inquiries to Our milk bill is much lower, yet we shots, and because of her heroic exare getting the benefits of milk example each day, the children hesiSALES AGENCY ADDRESSOGRAPH fat. to things tate as cuts cry over cept the such can thus Lynn And

Salt Lake 139 East 2nd South all, butter, burns. After bacon, butthey can't peanut be City, Utah have more and

Phone ELgin 9-2031 ter, and cream. less courageous than she.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Fundamentally a lover of handiwork and sedentary pleasures, Lynn has learned to be active, to dance, Bmieiet Miew$ run and play more than she would ordinarily have done because this enables her to burn up more sugar and w hence eat more of the things she wants. (tljurcl) %IVS Diabetes has even saved us money,

in one respect at least. When Lynn's

brother became so afflicted with hay

itfever that decided he needed was Weekly Report lo You for severaldaily shots and months then biweekly shots for three or four of Church Activities Throughout the World years, the doctor was quick to suggest I might give them because of my Every LDS home should have this instructive reading on all instruc-"official it brings you Every Church. of the week shots. phases in givingexperience her Lynn reports, welfare authorities, conference general tion the from

friends'families areHis spending all of from editorial news messages and inspirational activities, sometimes as high as $25.00 a month the wards, branches and auxiliaries throughout the world. The

in shots for suffering hay fever vicPresiding Bishopric's Page gives important reports for officers.

tims. His shots are only one or two Bring the "Church News"and its influence into your home.

the coupon below now for information.dollars a month—the expense of the Mail

serum.

Lynn has been afraid that she "Cljurcl) %wscould not live a normal life. Therefore, we have gone out of our way to 143 South Main St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah

meet and talk to other diabetics. One "ChurchPlease News."send me subscription information on the

diabetic five ofcharming mother

Name - children is Lynn's ideal. as long As

Lynn can have dates as she gets Address older, can be married (if she doesn't City State marry someone with a history of diabetes in his family), and can have

is firstchildren, content. she she At DRIPLESS afraid to leavewas go on "BANQUETMASTER"and home NEW

THE NEW! ALLNEW

trips friends, fearful with something TABLE FOLDING 1955 MODEL PLASTIC SET SACRAMENT would go wrong or that she would ChurchesDesigned for today's Schoolsbeautiful be embarrassed because of her afflicCafes Private Homes tion. But after her first experience

at the summer camp where she managed beautifully for a week with Sample pursesize kits of insulin, syringe, and senttableat testing units, she fears no trip. She nowritecostknows that with care and common detailsfor

allsense she activities. can enjoy

for tables "Banquetmaster"Compare pricey quality with and any eleven she is an At Direct facnation. excellent beauty,table in the made

discounts to Churches, schools,dietician, amazing her teachers and tory institutions. and all

schoolmates whenever the subject For full description prices and guarof nutrition and diet are brought up. antee write...

She knows, for instance, if she cuts D. H. Loosli Co., Inc. Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water

two ounces of protein from her eveIdaho Falls, Idaho tray,Large insturdybeautifulcrystalappearinghandles,milkthatwhitefold plastic.down

ning meal, how much carbohydrate for storage, but automatically lock into place being used. when fat also she cut to compenmustand

consists flat pieces; tray The of a water two L.D.S. FOR HEADQUARTERS it. tell instantly of forsate She can filler, tray, that as can be used which a water IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA j in tray, into locks turn that absolutely a deep fruits or vegetables she canwhich

recatches water, dripping is also a and ANY REST MOTEL KINGS tablespoon one compared to half YEhave ceptacle cups, out for used which drop down 52G STREET 5TH SOUTH of others.or one cup sight. of B. Dr. Foutz, Harold Owner

Yes, diabetes, a dread and horrible Edgar H. Foutz. Manager ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY

disease, came to our house. But after Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout SETS AVAILABLE AT

a stay of two years, it has become PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S OFFICE quite an accepted member of the DRINK SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH family, not loved but endured quite or readily, for in some ways it has been Order Direct From ficq A delightful PLASTICAL THE COMPANY It's for us. goodgood to know that for those hot beverage Blvd. 3575 W. Manchester

like take coffee. drinkour family can something don't who 4, California Inglewood

(Concluded on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS

FEBRUARY 1956 125 Diabetes Comes to Our House

(Concluded from preceding page) YOU SHOULD HAVE - - this in its stride. It makes us more

These Addresses and Writings courageous to face any other problem life brings to us and more sure that of L.D.S. Authorities and Scholars we can surmount life's obstacles if

From Brigham Young University has come a vast store of Latterwe will but try.

day Saint literature produced by General Authorities and other leaders speaking to youth and by the University's faculty. It

is vital material for every L.D.S. bookshelf.

SPEECHES OF THE YEAR ($4.00 each volume) Keeping Young at Heart

(Postbound volumes of BYU devotional addresses for entire year) 195354 Speeches Speeches by Eva Willes Wangsgaard 195455 19551956 Speeches AN APOSTLE SPEAKS TO YOUTH Series (15 cents each) learned early that we are born

Elder Spencer STYLE OF OUR—A OWN the bread upon give. W. Kimball 1 to I cast my

E. Petersen Mark CHASTITY - after it will return waters knowing Kimball Spencer BE W. ElderElder YE CLEAN

BUILDING YOUR MARRIAGE TO LAST FOREVER—Elder LeGrand Richards many days, but I never stand on the

TRAGEDY OR DESTINY—Elder Spencer W. Kimball shore demanding that it come at a

BYU RELIGIOUS PUBLICATIONS certain time from a certain direction.

EGYPT—Ivan EDEN TO is to court disappointTHE STICK TRIAL J. Barrett- ($1.00)Jack West (50c) To demand OF JOSEPH OF

SEARCH THE SCRIPTURES—Ellis Rasmussen (50c) ment. By keeping appreciation alive

DOCTRINES OF THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE - James R. Clark (50c) I find returns are often surprisingly

TOBACCO AND CANCER - Milton H. Brinton, M.D. (50c) generous, and I might miss them if I

lectures (five each, Series Lecture RELIGION YOUR KNOW time governing on too intent 50c) were

A. Lynn McKinlay SPIRIT GIVETH LIFE - THE

often we behave Too and direction. E. Berrett William THE - BOOK OF MORMON FROM TEACHINGS GREAT

KNOW YOUR DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS—Sidney B. Sperry as if nothing good would ever come

YE ARE FREE—FOR BEHOLD if we didn't go out and drive REIGNETH—LynnLynn A.M.McKinlayHilton our way JUDAH, THY GOD

THE BOOK OF MORMON IN ITS OWN DEFENSE - Glenn L. Pearson it in. Like a surfrider I try to keep

JOSEPH SMITH, THE EXTRAORDINARY - Ivan J. Barrett myself relaxed to meet the swells and

—B. West FAITH AMID SKEPTICISM is wonFRONTIER Belnap—Gutive O. Larson troughs of life, and the ride AND THE AMERICAN MORMONISM

FROM DARKNESS INTO LIGHT - David H. Yarn, Jr. derful.

—CLIP AND MAIL—I keep wonder warmly alive. It

and appresharpens my observation

DIVISION, EXTENSION SERVICES, To. PUBLICATIONS disand despondency ciation. Anger University, Provo Utah. Brigham Young

Please send me the following publications: solve before the marvelous intricacies

Number Item of an infant's hand, a young girl's beauty, an athlete's grace. My heart

thrills to the exquisite design and fragrance of a rose, the delicate texture of begonia petals, the ingenuity of a dandelion, the golden marbles of sound a meadowlark rolls around

Name the sky's blue hill.

Address - Little children smile and confide

Bill me ( ). Check, cash, money order for $ enclosed. in me as I walk by, and I pause to

listen and answer them. I share my

joy in loveliness with those who gave it to me by offering them sincere smiles help me Their Ever think what would happen if ') compliments. heart. to keep young at

refusing at I heart by keep young gave gentleman me (ire were to lay waste your home; to worry. An old

See the friendly Agent of the an object lesson once which I have

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. neverhad runforgotten.off the trackAn interurbandown the traincanin your locality. He will be glad to help you check your yon, and we parents had gathered

policies.. Qr gCC... in the general store which was also

the station. Our children were on

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. that train returning from the county

General Agents high school. One mother was par20 South Main—Salt Lake City ticularly demonstrative, walking back

and forth wringing her hands. An

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA old neighbor tapped her on the // shoulder and asked, "Have you had Extra is a key word at definite word that your daughter has been injured?"

She looked startled and said, "No!"L.D.S. Business College

"Then you can have it any way you want it,"he said, "at least, till because of the extra features this friendly, you find out, and you're silly if you efficient school offers:

want it that way."

I've been ashamed to worry ever

PERSONAL GUIDANCEsince. Coming events casting their

shadows before prove good as often SPIRITUAL ATMOSPHERE as ill. The young heart is faithful;

the faithful heart anticipates goodLDSprofessionalBusiness Collegetraining offersplus DORMITORY FOR GIRLS ness. the heart accepts young the The advantages of a small

school acPROFESSIONAL TRAINING it letsinevitable, go gracefully when tivities.and.. friendliness,the opportunity

must, looks outward not inward, for personal development. COLLEGE CREDIT

spreads light not gloom. The young

heart accepts its own responsibili ies The extras provided by L.D.S. Business College are waiting for you.

cheerfully, leaving to God decisions that are God's. The young heart PHONEgives and absorbs joy, because it is BUSINESS COLLEGE

grateful, not doubtful. Joy is itself a Branch of Brigham Young University EM 3-2765

prayer of gratitude. 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

Long ago I resolved that every night during that moment just before falling asleep I would recall the loveliest thing the day had given me. These two Books:

Through the years it became a habit. THE A. B.C/s OF MORMONISM

To find the loveliest, I had to emphaand size the lovely and minimize the unTHE MORMON MISSIONARY'S MESSAGE pleasant things all day. One moby AUBREY J. PARKER, Converted Methodist Minister

ment of beauty colored a whole day.

Some nights I had to search earnestgreenPut up andin thegoldpopularcover;pocketgood sizepaperforforconveniencelifetime inuse.carrying;Each copystiff back;autoly, others I had to see loveliness graphed by the author.

through a screen of tears, but few Note: After this edition is sold out these books cannot be produced

at the present price owing to the increased cost of printing. They are

days yielded nothing to cherish. Now still available at the low cost of ONE DOLLAR FOR EACH BOOK.

I am rewarded with many beautiful Postpaid anywhere on earth.

memories I might otherwise have Address your request to:

missed, and their aura of happiness Elder Aubrey J. Parker

keeps me young at heart. 616 West Carrillo Santa Barbara, California

Mamatita

(Concluded from page 74) When I become discouraged or mart/toe IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS downhearted, I think of Mamacita's. FOLDING Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

fine children whom she has reared to BANQUET sore throat and other minor mouth successful adult sons and daughters, TABLES and throat irritations.of the hot days in summer when she

perspires under the boiling sun, of the Direct Prices Jcold days in winter when she rubs Discounts to HALLS REMEDY her hands to bring back the circulaChurches, Scho< -'Wi:**'!"**-'Salt -Lake City.'UtahHi(lh

tion, with never a complaint, and at and all Institutions all times practising what she sincerely believes in her heart to be true: "Do

as othersunto have would them you DFFER... WE TRUCKS storingMONROE you."COMPLETEdo A Chairstruck easy, Forthe wayTables EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables handles SERVICE ENGRAVING ride from you away storage chairs.permits of No. TSCor Storage Yes,—whenunto Transport eitherTruckspace. tionin limited Missionary From Portraits to the Largest No. Truck in car, place you yourMamacita's

inquiries to their the Catalogues. Units Church ISmay direct

wonder just what it is that makes the Church Purchasing Department, 47 East Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention brighter, look a littleworld South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. and then CO. UTAH ENGRAVING THE "IWfWVOe. COMPANY twinkling the friendly, St.you remember Salt Lake City, Utah STREET. 249CHURCH COLFAX. IOWA \ 231 Edison

eyes, and her enticing smile!

FEBRUARY 1956 127 Your Page mdfQtirt

HORSES AND INDIAN PICTOGRAPHS

CORRECTION Articles on "Horses in Ancient America"Elder Archibald F. Bennett, author of the series "Solomon were published in the

Mack and His Family"has called attention to an error October and December article in the line of the appearing in the first Janumade (1955) issues of The

It brother, his eldest reads magazine. ary Solomon "Of Era. Improvement

Mack wrote."Photographs of Indian

That line was supplied at the last moment by the edipictographs representtorial department. It should have read: "Of her eldest ing horses and a carvbrother, Lucy Mack Smith wrote."ing from a wall of the

Temple of the Plaques at Chichen Itza depicting a horse were used

Japanese Mission to illustrate the articles.

Okinawa District Since their publication,

Dear Brethren, Sister LaVerna Hyatt,

Tt is with great pride that we of the Okinawian district write this Elsinore, Utah, and

Sister Amy Avery, Venletter. We hope that you will share in our pride as we announce that the district comprised of the Naha, Kadena, and ice, Utah, sent PresiSukiran groups, presented for the first time on the island an LDS dent Milton R. Hunter this unusual photo of an Indian pictograph

roadshow. It was held on Thursday May 12, 1955. from the mountains near Elsinore.

ascertained, but pictograph the Indian date of been has not The out exthis one, it turned although was the first We feel that it rule that is generally Indians conceded as a general made their spirit of participathe it accomplished well,ceptionally and that tion that is the purpose of these activities. There were approxipictographs before the advent of white men.

mately sixty in attendance.

The three plays presented were "The Lighthouse Keeper's the Sukiran There,"Are group, "You byDaughter,"the Naha by

California Jolon, the (Okinawian Dwarfs,"Seven White andgroup, and "Snow Editors: Dear group.style) the Kadena by

that f have I think received the Era for quite some time now. ladies of the served by the refreshments the program, were After

district. It is our belief that an enjoyable evening was had by no greater magazine could ever be published to help LDS

servicemen abroad.everyone.

I liked never better have anything than Spoken Word,""The to of this use information that you be can hope in The We L. Evans. Richard by pictures that did regret obtain not Era. weImprovement We bless all. you God May at blessings that the withof Lord's event. be the home, you May

Sincerely, lot. will prosperity your remain, behappiness and We

Pfc. /s/ Spencer J. C.

gospel, the brethren in Your /s/ Charles R. Sanders, Secretary

Sukiran Group APO San Francisco, Calif.

Newport, Oregon Dear Editors:

Editors,Dear I"like sending to everyone concerned with you thank and would series the story Harris enjoyed f certainly your Martin on and bless that to the overseas. the you servicemen you Era God

it to looked are forward each other month. so There many keep the work. always grand up may

itreally features worthwhile in that Improvement would Era The is It to all this of great the guide help Church a and members

I it totake entire the page them. look to mention forward each find so their in the Era. reading find they mail when much We

it to cover. read almost cover from andmonth is trash, of that material so are the only proud Church we and

Sincerely your brother, belong to, when they get the Era to us.

(Signed) W. K. Bellamy I was stationed in Korea at the time of their conference and

was thirilled to see all of the members that attended. It was a

Naktong, Korea very inspirational conference, and I was very proud to be able to

Dear Brethren, attend. It is so wonderful to see that the people at home are

Cince I have been receiving The Improvement Era, it has been thinking of their friends, husbands, fathers, and members of the passed around the Compound and I have had quite a few men Church, in a place like Korea.

come and ask me questions about my religion. As I am the only With the help of the Era, you bring members of the Church

LDS member here I find the magazine a good "Morale Builder."back in the fold. And it brings the fellows of the Church that

There are only twelve men here on the Compound but we hold you meet more closely together. Since I have been overseas I

a general service each Sunday afternoon. have seen great works done through the Era. The people at home

May God's blessing be with you always, will never know what it really does for a GI.

/s/ A/2C Donald R. Ames Again, I thank you and the Church for this great work you are

doing.

Your brother, /s/ John Benson Durham, Missouri Dear Sir: f would like to tell you how very much I enjoy receiving The Blackfoot, Idaho * Improvement Era. It was given to me as a gift from my parTHhank you, Mr. Sandberg. Last month I sent out a piece of

ents. Since I have moved away from the main body of the copy, "Music Charms,"and in the second paragraph I mention

Church, I miss attending the meetings and the good fellowship blueeyed people in Yucatan and blond, blueeyed Indians in of my fellow members, but the Era brings me closer to my Church North Dakota (Mandans). Mr. Sandberg sent me The Improveand family. ment Era, a magazine of the Latterday Saint Church, in which

I thank you sincerely for this wonderful magazine. there is a story of exploration and trip to the temple of the

Yours very truly, Lacandon Indians of Yucatan. I'm glad I had my facts straight.

/s/ Mrs. A. E. Myers /s/ J. C. Sandberg

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy the

s HI Uf

wi/Jh your children

Each Thursday, you and your children can hear the world's beautiful music come thrillingly alive over your radio.

Oldest educational program on the air, the Standard

School Broadcast today features a symphony orchestra, conducted by Carmen Dragon, together with choral groups, a dramatic cast and famous guest soloists.

Its goal is to help Western children gain an absorbing new interest in music, and—through music—a broader

understanding and knowledge of the world around them.

You'll enjoy hearing the Standard School Broadcast's fine music at home... and discussing it with your children

to give you one more valuable link with their interests.

See your newspaper radio log for time and station.

Presented by STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

How you benefitfrom BENEFICIAL LIFE

Where PLANNEDwill you be five, ten, or fifteen years from nowFUTURES? Still

doing business at the same old stand? Or, like the "young"YOUR BENEFICIAL

couple above, will you enjoy life to the fullest... free from the LIFE COUNSELORworry of how to make ends meet on meager Social Security or

intrained A professionallyother necessities? that provides basic the income only for A

like counselor, your surance allBeneficial the difference. Planned Futures can program make Life Beneficial friendly

The same insurance dollars that provide mortgage insuragent,help in canplanninggive youan insurancevaluable ance, guarantee educational funds, and protect your family program tailored to your induring their growingup years will do double duty for you come, your family, and your providing retirement income for you and your wife. Write for financial needs—now and for

complete information about Beneficial Life "Planned Futures"theadvicefuture.can saveHisyoucompetenttime and

today. No obligation, of course. money.

David O. McKay, President

BENEFICIAL LIFE '/tiufamce ompanu

47 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah