The Improvement Era March 1958 (and all the f ixin's)

! ten cents a plate

AND

L WAFFLE

FULLSIZE BOTTLE OF

nourishing Western "Here's a MAID SYRUP (Details on bock of this package) for breakfast—ten VERMONT 10 a serving

tender Betty Crocker SourCream

Buttermilk "dollar"size pancakes oz. bottle... topped with the real maple rRtt! 12

goodness of Vermont Maid... of VERMONT MAID SYRUF

butter and a wholegrain beverage. Mail the certificate from the bad

Time? Just 5 minutes!"YR U P ofandtheWafflespeciallymarkedMix package.PancakeWe'!)

send you a coupon for a free?* NODRIP bol, 12 oz. bottle of Vermont Maio.

mail. (Sorry, return by

in WashingtonsttnOujcksAy Syrupoffer void State. )

All the flavor is not in the cheese

(or the salad or dip or soup, or whatever you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Superconductivity is a fascinating property of some metals, cooled to near absolute zero (—459 F. ),

which conduct electrical current with no resistance. A device called

a cryotron makes use of this property by a single wire with a fine wire wound around it. The electrical

current in the single straight wire can be controlled by a current in the winding wire because its superconductivity can be destroyed by the magnetic field due to the current in the winding. The cryotrons have

to be kept at 4.2 F. above absolute

zero by liquid helium. A datapro-

cessing system is being built by

Arthur D. Little, Inc., with assistance

of Massachusetts Institute of Technology engineers, in which 215,000 cryotrons will do the same work as 50,000 vacuum tubes. Dudley A.

Buck, who developed the cryotron, digital a large scaleestimates that Your favorite cheese or cheese spread—tasty occryotrons using needcomputer

cupy only a cubic foot. as it may be—is even more delicious with the

perky flavor of Saltines by Purity... so fresh

and crackling crisp, so really special.

When the appetizer, or the snack, calls for crackers, taste what a difference Saltines by Purity makes.

Dr. Leo F. Koch of the University

of Illinois has called attention in the

Saturday Review to a type of primitive plant, the bryophytes. The

bryophytes are mosses and liverworts which reproduce by spores and whose bodies contain no specialized cells for conduction of water or food. Most other plants must be

guarded against infestation by beetles and other insects, but bryoAt your favorite grocer's phytes need little if any protection for chemical reasons not yet underin I and 2 pound cartons stood.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

MARCH 1958 129 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 3, March 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features The Editor's Page: The Right Life... the Happy Life

President David O. McKay 142

Your Question: The Lord's Day President Joseph Fielding Smith 144

Religious Scruples and the free exercise of the faculties

Henry Aldous Dixon 146 man and the word of wisdom Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 149

to prepare the way (Genealogy) Albert E. Hunt 152

A RecordKeeping People (Family Hour Discussion Topic)

Milton R. Hunter 154

The Church Mourns the Passing of Elder Thomas E. McKay

Marba C. Josephson 156

Christ is Crucified—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XXI

Doyle L. Green 158

The Church Moves On, 139; Melchizedek Priesthood, responsibility for the youth, 168;

The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 170.

Special Features

A Part of our Caring Helen Wilson 163

Leadership Development: "Get thee up—be illuminated"

Sterling W. Sill 164

Thoughts for your Inspirational Talks on Knowledge... 167

Teaching, the finest of the fine arts A. Ted Turtle 176

A Navajo in our Home L. Dean Lee 178

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 188, 192, 194, 206

Exploring the Universe, 129; These Times: The Interstate Highway System, 132; New

Appointees to YWMIA General Board, 134; Letters and Reports, 136; Be Honest With

Yourself: It's Smart to Take Part, 138.

Today's Family:

Games... fun or frustration Edith Harwith Goodman 198

Say Goodnight Until... Helen S. Neal 202

The Last Word 208 Cover—A detail from "Christ

Stories, Poetry Blessing the Disciples"by

Six Missing Words Horst A. Reschke 150 Anton Dorph serves as our

Northward Ho the Prairies (First of Two Parts) Helen K. Orgill 172 cover as the Era continues

Poetry 161, 162, 165, 166, 174, 184, 188, 193, 194, 206 the series of masterpieces

David O. McKay and Richard L. Evans, Editors; Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor; from religious art.

Marba C. Josephson, Associate Managing Editor; Elizabeth J. Moffitt, Production Editor;

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor; Eileen Gibbons, Manuscript Editor; Gordon T.

Alfred, Editorial Associate; Ralph Reynolds and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Elbert R. Curtis, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F.

Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans, Regional

Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Christ Associations of Jesus of the Church Improvement the Mutual 1958 Inc., and Funds,Copyright published by by Mutual

in a year, foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; price, $2.50 reserved. Subscription Saints. All rightsof Latterday

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post office. Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

lll \ **-v.191S. 2,-, authorizedauiuuiiicu jlv;o.1103. 1917,xuxi, sectionsecuuii illin forioi uiof wciuuciOctober lueu /\uiActprovided JulyJ

paid for are on contributions. Manuscripts is,v but welcomes for manuscripts, unsolicited responsible not EraEr ImprovementImprovementThe

.*,,- juuiLiiiiisufficient forivi j.,1,;,.postage deliveryuvuivij l'.icivzu raterale au byu> 3eptance beuc euiuandacceptance wordwum ofui:......:thethe A-nj* issueICCllA aCI recentrPf>Pllt and"cli,->slipreturn..v.v.....frnmfrom inlnli.include nrlrlr.-ccaddress nlicaplease nhnnffachange, ao ordering*.1 of address.,1.1—...mustiuusi J ffor required days'A 'atat—notice change..I,Thirty iivlviiikiuiduaccompaniedUA,When

is included. as one the as well address old new unless the cannot magazine. changes Address be madeof the

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA F. BENNETT'S Wallace M>* SENATOR WALLACE tf.*S*i*,*r

eairf* tN d"OffsBi;isjtieP

Si of A. W"*

INTIMATE A knowledgeable Mormon, addressing himself to

DISCIPLE his nonMormon friends, cogently and comprehensively explains his faith. This is delightful reading,2.M#Claire Noall made so by language clear, rich and apt, and by

The early days of the LDS Church are vividly ideas thoughtfully and gracefully presented. A

described in this brilliantlywritten novel on friend intimate Richards, life of Willardthe practical man of sound training, wide experience disIntimate Smith.of the Prophet Joseph

Richards,ciple, was truly a man Willard of and solid pioneer background gives his readers an by illundauntedcourage whose faith was health, family tragedy, and persecutions. appreciation of Mormonism "in solemnity of heart

$4.75 and in the spirit of meekness.".

$2.75

("WHY I AM A MORMON"will be published April 3. To insure receiving an autographed copy of the first edition, be

sure to place your order now for delivery on publication date.) mm iliuiiijj

i nChoice selections are taken from the weekly imm

Devotionals at Brigham Young University.

subject under cataloged are excerptsThese wonderful this book aheadings that make aid DQseretfitBooh Co.

lessons,in giving preparing speeches, and 44 Easl Soulh Temple - Sail Lake City Utah 1 purposes. instructionalother

$2.95 DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money

order ( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $ for encircled (numbered) books: WMMm

Archibald F. Bennett 3 4 12

This new book by world authority, Archibald Name -

F. Bennett, used by the Sunday School for the

Genealogical Class, states the purposes behind states specifically genealogical and program the - State Zone City of research. methods the most effective

tax. Residents of Utah include 2% sales

$3.50 MARCH 1958 131 These Times

FURNITURE by /Mm.HEYWOODFor School

and Recreation Rooms. Smart

styling and lifetime construction make

TrimLine furniture the ideal choice for your school, social rooms, and Sunday schools. Made of chromeplated tubular steel with laminated plastic, solid wood or The Interstate

indestructible HeyWoodite Solid Plastic... available in a complete selection of

chairs, desks and tables in scientifically graded sizes. Write for catalogs. Highway System

HEYWOOD WAKEFIELD COMPANY School Furniture Division by Dr. G. Homer Durham

MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN Vice President, University of Utah

The Eisenhower administration sections or private driveway conMay We mayinterstatebe rememberedhighway system.most forTheits nections.signals. HeadlightThere willglarebe noat trafficnight

DEMONSTRATE formal"The NationaldesignationSystemfor oftheInterstateplan is willcausebeof reduceda fortyfootto azoneminimumseparatingbeand Defense Highways."At present lanes. The estimated cost (in 1956)

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD the program is limited to 41,000 was about thirty billion dollars. The

miles of uniform design. It is being Utah State Road Commission, alone,

FURNITURE located to meet three tests, in order in 1958 expects to award contracts

TO HEYWOOD- 1 to connect by routes: in excess of $35,000,000. The next

'WAKEFIELD 1. "The principal metropolitan few years, therefore, will see the imYOU? areas, cities, and industrial centers."pact of this program on our economy

2. "To serve the national defense."in many ways.

3. "To connect at suitable border The interstate system will bypass

We also sell: pointsimportancewith in routes... Canadaof continentaland the thedislocationstowns. ThereMotels,willfillingbe businessstations,

* Clarin Folding Chairs Republic of Mexico."restaurants and other "ribbon dethe along businesses"sysvelopment tests, a these highway Under

to reconolder routes that passes out may have worked * Church Pews tem has been * Folding Partitions through about 1,000 of the nation's sider their operations in the light of * Flannelboards 3,000odd counties, 42 state capitals, the new routes. On the other hand,

* Blackboards and 90 percent of the American cities the constant growth of population, * Stage Curtains over 50,000 population. It will traffic, and travel may "cushion"the

* Paper and Janitorial Supplies carry 14 percent of the automobile change. Valuable agricultural land

traversed. bisected will nation and although traffic of be the comtotal will locate not of our 1.2 percent Farmers only say, "Why * Mimeograph and Ditto Maposing

chines road mileage. it just west of my patch? My land

The system will be a high speed is good land. The piece to the west

throughway with limited access is waste land. The highway will

(only at specially constructed interhurt nothing there."

changes and specially selected We can expect much of this compoints). There will be no interment in ( Continued on page 191

& SUPPLY COMPANY

SALT LAKE OGDEN IDAHO FALLS

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <mr

153 3W:f?

a

<-lHi tVL

MPORTANT BOOKS

f,'; I.. cH/evelv &fD iilw IM/dSm

1. GOSPEL IDEALS b y david o. Mckay

Here, in the sermons and discourses of President David O. McKay, is a great breadth

of solid, satisfying counsel and insight into gospel principles. Because of the important subjects discussed... and the undeviating testimony of truth it contains, it is

little wonder this volume was chosen as the Gospel Doctrine Course of Study for '58.

You will certainly want to own and study this inspiring work. $4.00

2. THE MORMON STORY by rulon s. howells

There is no other book like this bestselling pictorial account of Mormonism. Here you

will find hundreds of rare photographs, beautiful fullcolor paintings, and skillful illustrations vividly portraying all the significant events in the restoration, growth and progress of the Church. Children are fascinated with it... adults (both in

and out of the Church) are thrilled and inspired by it. $3.95

3. DO UNTO OTHERS by carl w. buehner

Intriguing stories and faithpromoting experiences of peoples around the world are told by the author in such a humble, forceful language that it's difficult to lay it aside without reading it from cover to cover. Carl Buehner's best... with the

common touch. $2.00

r. hunter 4. "... THY WORD IS TRUTH"by dr. milton

This marvelous volume is packed with authoritative material on vital gospel topics extracted from 72 inspiring talks given by General Authorities. This companion volume

to "Gems of Thought"and "Gospel Sermonettes"contains excellent material for

Priesthood leaders and officers and teachers of all the Auxiliaries. $1.50

b. sperry 5. KNOWLEDGE IS POWER by dr. sidney

Here are fascinating and littleknown sidelights to ancient and modern scriptures which give the reader a keener appreciation and understanding of the gospel. Sheds light

on such intriguing questions as: "Did Paul and Jesus Marry?"; "What is the meaning

of the Urim and Thummim?"; "The Dead Sea scrolls and their significance for

Latterday Saints,"etc. A "must"for the well informed. $3.00

BOOKCRAFT 3-58 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

us Please send the following books for which I enclose

III $ in ( ) check or ( ) moneyK'7T--.-.-:-:- '%'BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE 3 4 5 """-T"- '<- order.12

.. n Name 1 1 86 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 Address

City State.

MARCH 1958 f, -;

Doris M. Unander

Myrle Low

new appointees to YWMIA General.:>it$

Board

Doris M. Unander and Myrle Low

have received appointments to the

Boring Work. Notice the 3V2 -footdiameter general board of the Young Women's

holes near the man at the right. They peneMutual Improvement Association.

Only STEEL trate through 200 feet of rock and coal. The Miss Unander is a graduate of

big coal mining machine operates just like a LDS Business College and has atcarpenter's auger. The coal "chips"are loaded tended Brigham Young University.

filled in stake mission has a She can do directly onto the truck belt. with a conveyor

) Stake, ( Salt City Sugar House Lake is feet long, 17 Each auger and they are as chorister prior to that and served so many jobs chucked together to make up one long string. in the Sunday School and YWMIA

Auger blades are made from USS CokTen in the Eighth Ward, Liberty Stake.

Steel which has 50% more strength (yield In the Thirteenth Ward, University so well point) than structural carbon steel, four to Stake, she served as a Sunday School six times the resistance to atmospheric corroteacher. She also served as a Prision, and good resistance to abrasion. mary teacher in the Burley First

Ward, Burley (Idaho) Stake. She

is a Golden Gleaner. Miss Unander

is the daughter of Ralph P. (deceased) and Elva Rasmussen Unanfirst der. Her assignment will be United States Steel committee. on the dance

Like Miss* Unander, Miss Low is also a native of Idaho. She is a

graduate of the University of Utah.

ARE PARTICIPATING IN While residing in Park (Salt Lake

City) Stake, she was YWMIA stake

ESENTI organist, Webster Ward organist, 26,000 Western folks invest a few cents and Sunday School organist. She has

a day to provide cash to meet funeral also used her ability at the organ

Sentinel expenses. Plan, The available

to of 80 years physical in church assignments in the Salt no age with exam in most cases, pays final exLake City Seventeenth Ward and in penses regardless of when or where Washington (DC) Stake. Her parthe need arises. Write today for coments are Morris D. and Beatrice

plete details.

Gardiner Low, now deceased. Her

first assignment on the general board will be as a member of the music committee. She makes her home with

her stepmother in Salt Lake City.

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AG COLLEGE SURVEY SHOWS 43.2%

OF HAY LOSSES OCCUR IN HARVESTING

From Circular 203, Montana State College

Agricultural Experiment Station.

YOU SAVE "LOST HAY"3 WAYS with ALLNEW McCormick No. 46 baler

In a leading grassland state, 43.2 per cent;::::::::::.:::.:.:::;..::-"-,-:,:---i..

of all hay lost between field and feed bunk can be charged to weather damage and baling waste. Now, with new lowcost

McCormick No. 46 hay baler, farmers can

save much of this "lost hay."It's simple

as 1, 2, 3:

Extracapacity beats bad weather.

Owners report the No. 46 bales as much as

13 tons an hour to outdo everything in its class! crop can be every more of Now, H livestock. relished choice feed by

Timely baling and gentlest handling yet save more vitamin and proteinrich leaves for feeding, to cut meat and milk costs.

Suresttie ever developed saves needless loosebale waste. Rough handling won't

bulge or buckle these fullypacked bales!

Get more haysaving facts, FREE! Write for more information about the capacity "champ"of the lowcost balers

... or see this new McCormick No. 46 baler at your local

IH dealer. He'll welcome you!

SEE YOUR m dealer HARVESTER INTERNATIONAL and Equipment... Twine... Commercial Wheel Tractors International Harvester Products pay for themselves in use—Farm Tractors

... Motor Trucks... Construction Equipment—General Office, Chicago 1, Illinois1

MARCH 1958 135 Letters and Reports

Yield: 1 loaf, 9Mx5Mx2M inches

Sift together 3 cups sifted allpur- AUDREY CLARK REDDING Dear Editors:

pose flour, 4 teaspoons Clabber Girl Please send me a one year subscription to the beginning passing with untimely of the has the Era December come Word if issue. I enjoy Mrs. the Era,Baking Powder, 1 teaspoon salt, and of of even Clark Audrey Los Redding

H cup sugar. Cut in M cup butter or Angeles, who died January 7, 1958. With print my poetry which you reallyyoushoulddon't

margarine until mixture is fine. Stir her husband, Ned Redding of the South do, as other magazines publish it quite

in 1 cup (6 ounces) finely diced dried LosformedAngelesyeomanStakedutyhighfor council,the Church.she perShe readily.Well, perhaps after I am dead you will

apricots. Beat 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, and was the editor and he the publisher of appreciate my writing more than you do

1 teaspoon grated lemon rind until just California Intermountain News, a weekly at present.

blended; add to dry ingredients; stir paperpeople devotedand formerto theresidentsactivitiesof oftheChurchinterJuliaSincerely,L. Grimes

until well mixed. Pour into a greased mountain west. For many years they had

trains excursion railroad organized to come x -inch loaf pan. Bake9H 5H x 2M

to in Salt various the conferences Provo, Utah Lake 350in F. a (moderate) oven about City. recently Dear Editors: organized More they had

1 hour. Loaf is best when sliced and airplane tours for Church members to the Not only is the November issue of The

inspirational Era beautiandserved one day after baking. South Seas. She was 46 years old. Improvement

ful—so also are the January December and

issues. The reproductions of famous paintaesthetic air to an magazine. the YOU SHOULD KNOW ings for the cover lend distinction and Congratulations producing on such an

THfS ABOUT BAKING inspirational and artisticSincerely,achievement.

It's the BALANCE of ingredients in Grace Ingles Frost baking powder that governs its leavening action. Only when these are scienMosca, Colorado

tifically balanced can you be sure of Dear Editors:

A TRIO OF MISSIONARIES since taken the I have Era uniform action in the mixing bowl plus getting in it while the in 1943. Army I startedWe

that final, balanced rise to light and The New Zealand Mission has recently have some of the old copies, I think volfluffy texture in the oven. beeners: ElderservedGeorgeby a trioNormanof missionaryEdwards, brothrepre- umeMy2,brotherdating Almaback andto 1899.I are ward teachsenting the Torrance Ward in California, ers covering an area about sixty miles

BALANCED who has been recently released; Elder long and twentyfive miles wide. We are

Glen Lyman Edwards, who has been assigned ten homes—some of which are

Double Action serving over a year, representing the Logan partmember families. We must travel

means Clifford(Utah) HazenSeventeenthEdwards,Ward;fromandthe Eldersame 250In tothe300familiesmiles eachwheremonthwe visitin visiting.I have

Better Baking! ward, most recently arrived in the field. given Era subscriptions to part of them

They are the sons of the late George and had part of the others subscribe

Franklin Edwards and Thelma Larsen themselves. I bring to the attention of

Edwards. Their father died when Northe members any articles in the Era which

man was four and a half. Later their I feel are especially interesting. It helps

mother married Artell Inglet, a native of me a lot as most of the families are partNew Zealand. From him they received member families.

CLABBER GIRL missions.a desire to Cliffordgo to Newhas recentlyZealand hadon theirthe IraSincerely,B. Denton

EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN AS THE privilege of baptizing Elder Inglet's aunt. (Continued on page 141)

BAKING POWDER WITH THE BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION

136 the; improvement era

High pressure water jet shatters solid Gilsonite. Flume hose washes particles down New sources of gasoline

mine floor to pipeline. to fuel 5V2 million more

Petroleum products are now being made without crude oil. motor vehicles by 1965

Standard found the answer in a rare hydrocarbon called Gilsonite.

But it took $16,000,000 and a vast research program to do it. Deep

in the mountains of Utah our scientists worked out a better, faster way to mine Gilsonite. Meanwhile our engineers designed the nation's

first pipeline capable of carrying solids suspended in water... over

rugged terrain to a spot 72 miles away.

There Standard* built the nation's first privately financed refinery to make petroleum products from a material other than crude oil. Today

that refinery turns Gilsonite into high octane gasoline for motorists, and the purest coke known for making steel, aluminum and other 1957 1965metals. In our country's search for new sources of fuel, the development of Gilsonite is a major breakthrough. It means the equivalent of \In 11 Western States

100,000,000 barrels of oil added to U.S. underground reserves- *Through American Gilsonite Company,

important help in meeting our country's growing petroleum needs. a Standard affiliate

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

MARCH 1958 137 Be Honest with Yourself

The Intelmountain West's Largest and

Finest Selection of:

Bridal Gowns—Lingerie

Bridesmaids Dresses—Accessories

Moving to new location 38 SOUTH MAIN (Next to Bradley Badger) Belonging to the Church is imWe participate in Church league volleyball—and Softball, basketball, for us It opens portant. the way loved "For God so the physical it's in the process we build but our salvation, to work out that the world, He

gave His only hegotonly the first step on the road to body, practise teamwork, and learn ten Son, that whosohappiness on earth and eternal the value of putting good sportsever helieveth work. and into our play rest comes manship in heaven. in Him progress The perish, should not

in "socials"the attractive Going to performance and through obedience everlasting hut have life."every day of our lives. and wholesome atmosphere of our

John "5.16 This is one of the reasons the Church recreational halls helps us

Church offers so many opportunities to develop our social graces and

This and other befor daily participation. The degree meet and associate with young men

loved portions of to which we take part in these spiritand young women of our own kind

Holy Writ appear in ual, intellectual, physical, social ex-—the kind we'd like to have for our

the sixth edition of the ercises will determine the degree to friends and, eventually, for our which we are eventually saved. mates in marriage.

older we become kivc pea Biere Let's take some examples: As we grow

Magnificent condensed version of the A boy or a girl takes part regularScout leaders, Sunday School teachKing James Old and New Testaments ly in class instruction, and learns, ers, and many of us go on preachin the process, priceless truths. And ing missions.

It is the is part.""taking

happiness and to way mux EASIER "wegain areknowledge."saved no faster than we dayby-dayAll this

We join the Churchsponsored eternal progression. It is part—an

Scout troop, a young people's chorus, important lifelong part—in living our

FITS IN COAT POCKET, x6%'. 4% GIFT a singing quartet, or we "try out"for religion for our own good and for TRAVELER'S PERFECT HANDBAG.

others. of greater good dramatic skit. That's exthe part in a

BEAUTIFUL, BLACK LEATHER- a DURABLE, young men, women of progress. So—young perience, COVER, ETTE GOLD LETTERING

LARGE, EASILY READ PRINT We take our turn to speak on printhe Church—don't be satisfied with

to take Start today just belonging. in our young of the gospel EACH PAGE. ciples TOP OF OF BOOK NAME other smart. In or in part because it's meetings people's improvement CHAPTER EVERY VERSE, NUMBERED

Sunday worship services. Again, words—

HANDSOME EDITION Only $1 50 we're taking part—going ahead. BE HONEST WITH YOURSELF BIBLE PAPER

AT LEADING BOOK STORES, AND Crown Publishers, Jhc.

419 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y.

LIVE BETTER The Church ELECTRICALLY with Full Moves On HOUSEPOWER

L December 1957 Electricity Costs So Little With the delivery to mission headquarters in Tokyo of the

You Can Afford a Lot first copies of the Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great

Price printed in Japanese, the Saints of that race have all four

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. standard works in their native tongue.

the seminary dedicated L. Wirthlin Bishop Joseph Presiding High School. (Utah) to the Murray building adjacent

The one hundred fiftysecond anniversary of the birth of the

Prophet Joseph Smith was noted throughout the Church.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Los Angeles of the South senior member R. Rice, Laurn

For those who store wheat this is a must Angeles Temple of the Los as director council, Stake high

Elder A. Merlin Steed. GRIND YOUR OWN Bureau of Information. He succeeds

FLOUR & CEREAL January 1958 with this sturdy

gathering. They at a family anniversary fiftyseventh wedding MILL WHEAT President and Sister David O. McKay commemorated their Than More 2, 1901. January in the Salt Lake Temple, married Sold were 10,000

To Date Society of the president L. Wirthlin, Bishop Joseph ONLY Presiding of the that Book Sightless, announced of the for the Aid

$6 50 is availableMormonin moston of"Talkingthe distributingBook Records"libraries forfor theuse blindby thethroughblind

POSTPAID out the United States and Canada. One Japanese library also has

ANYWHERE IN Book of Mormon talking records.

AMERICA The appointment of Miss Doris M. Unander and Miss Myrle

Low to membership on the general board of the Young

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all Women's Mutual Improvement Association was announced.

Grinds \Vi grains. or soft of hard kinds to Utah, of Ogden, Jensen Carolyn of Miss The appointment minute. per or cereal of flour pounds Association was Primary of the board on the general membership... Fully by Pehrson's. guaranteed

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS announced.

began. one Wheat send Please me stake conferences 1958 short vacation, a Mill. Enclosed is After

order.) or (check money $6.50 dedicated of the Twelve the Council B. Lee of Harold Elder

Name the additon to the chapel of the Bountiful ThirdSixteenth

Address - - Ward, Bountiful (Utah) Stake.

City State Elder Thomas E. McKay, an Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve since April 1941, a lifelong Church worker, and a

HARDWARE PEHRS0N SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SOUTH 11th EAST2102

MARCH 1958 139 A MUST brother of President David O. McKay, died this morning at 12:13. WHILE IN...

He was eightytwo years of age. SALT LAKE CITY

VISIT and ENJOY Funeral services for Elder Thomas E. McKay were conducted

in the Assembly Hall on Temple Square. Burial was in

Huntsville, Utah.

San Antonio (Texas) Stake organized from portions of toV6

Houston Stake and the Gulf States Mission, with Elder

Roland C. Bremer, formerly first counselor in Houston Stake,

sustained as president. President Bremer's counselors are Elders

Vergil A. James and Melvin O. Dearden. Elder Melvin L. Gillie

was sustained as president of Houston Stake, succeeding President

Jack B. Trunnell. President Gillie's counselors are Elders Wayne

Stevens and Keith M. Taylor. Elder Joel M. Johnson, second counselor in the Houston Stake, was released with President Trunnell.

Elders Harold B. Lee and Spencer W. Kimball of the Council

of the Twelve effected these changes.

Phoenix North (Arizona) Stake organized from portions of FAMOUS

Phoenix Stake, with Elder Rudger G. Smith sustained as president UNUSUAL

and Elders Dow Ostlund and Carl C. Jacobson as counselors. The WE MAIL OUR EXQUISITE

stake will include the following: Glendale, Glendale Second, Phoenix CANDIES EVERYWHERE

Eighth, Ninth (here the ward boundary was changed to conform with the proposed stake boundary, part of the members being ''CimsiMcadu J>moAi.

transferred to the Second Ward), Tenth, Sixteenth wards, and tt

Phoenix Indian School and Wickenburg branches. President

David E. Heywood was sustained to remain president of Phoenix

Stake. Elder Blain H. Alexander was released as first counselor. oisn\a/v

Elder Martin C. Tate was released as second counselor and susStfidLjtovfc fee Guam

tained as first counselor. Elder Chester J. Peterson was sustained 850 East 21st South

as second counselor. Ajo, Buckeye, Capitol, Phoenix Second, Third,—Salt Lake City, Utah—

Sixth, Twelfth wards, and Avondale, Gila, and Maricopa Indian

Stake. changes will These Phoenix branches a part of be were * L. Stapley of the Coundirection Delbert the of Elder under made cil of the Twelve and Elder Carl W. Buehner of the Presiding Bishopric. Phoenix North Stake is the 253rd stake now functioning FOR THAT

in the Church. WONDERFUL * After meeting with representatives of the various Church LUCCA FLAVOR

organizations and discussing the problem thoroughly, Presi- * the of Council the Fielding Smith of dent Joseph Twelve * 8V2 11inch, uniform, that by Historian announced and Church multiring looseleaf minute books would be used by all organizations * in the Church. The changeover date was set for July 1959 for

those organizations operating on a fiscal year, and January 1960 for

Histhe as announced system by of the Purpose the others. new to * use of records and types the office now in torian's is to improve

institute a better system for forwarding completed records.

Shreveport ( LouisianaTexas-Arkansas ) Stake organized from portions of Houston Stake and the Gulf States Mission president. as Belisle sustained with Elder John Milton Presiand Harry F. Turner are Elders Howard counselors dent Belisle's

G. Nimtz. There are 2735 members in the new stake. Shreveport *

Stake is made up of Shreveport, Many, Natchitoches, KelseyGilmer, and Longview wards, and Coushatta, Marshall, Hooks, Texarkana,

Queen City, and Kilgore branches. The organization was effected by Elders Harold B. Lee and Spencer W. Kimball of the Council USE

of the Twelve. It is the 254th stake now functioning in the Church.

Elder J. Price Ronnow was sustained as president of Reno

(Nevada) Stake, succeeding President Paul J. Callis, deceased.

President Ronnow's counselors are Elders Doyle C. Robison and Vein Waldo. Both President Ronnow and Elder Robison served as STARITALIAN

counselors to President Callis. GMamQMFREE Recipe Book; Write A. Giurliant & Bro.

.jl. 537 Front Street, San Francisco 26, Calif..jl,

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Letters and Reports (Continued)

Salt Lake City, Utah Dear Editors:

You and your staff certainly should be praised for the excellent work that you are doing with The Improvement Era.

My family and I enjoy the many articles.

They have been a means of making my life happier and more worth while by applying into my life more each day the words of knowledge and wisdom enclosed within its covers.

Sincerely yours, John H. Zetterquist

Dear Editors, I certainly have enjoyed receiving The

Improvement Era the past few months. It

has been a big help to me as a reminder to live my religion the way I know I should. The messages in it are uplifting

and faithpromoting to me.

Thank you.

Sincerely yours, /s/ Lowell R. Lowry Gain a Full Quarter of Study With

Glendale, California Dear Editors: All the Brigham Young University Extras

I have just returned from my eastern lecture tour, and now have a breather in Distinguished Faculty—Nationally

tell delighted visit to to will write you augand how teacherswhich famous FEATURES SPECIAL MORE of "Caprian layoutI over the Adwas resident adequate able and ment it's to have honorventure."Truly an BYU AT my FOR YOU teach. artists also Visiting faculty. in outnarrative the most appearhumble

school. Nursery in issue long published the everstanding Lectures Church Devotionals—and

orthopedically of aspects Medical career of distinguished ImproveTheand scholreligious Authorities, General children. is handicapped issue Era. magniNovember Thement

ficent in every detail and shows monuWorkshop on exceptional children. ars, and experts in many fields

mental clinic. speak in outstanding assemblies.My sincerestplanning,congratulations!creativity, and effort. Speech and hearing May our Father continue to prosper Speech clinic. Culture—Thrilling, summerlong

your incomparable efforts. Institute in Understanding Human series of concerts by finest artists

Cordially yours, Behavior. in music, drama, dance. Paganini

John M. Goddard

Summer institute of Junior EngiQuartet will be featured again this

Logan, Utah neers and Scientists. year with other artists.

Editors: LanguageDear arts in elementary Recreation—Full program of outschool. Era is probably the only magazine The

fail cover to read from I neverthat priest high of the teachercover. I'm the to Economics education workshop. ings,ic Wasatchdances,Mountainsathletics andneartheat handscengroup in our ward and often the short Teaching materials workshop. for brief trips. The Timpanogos

divers music clinic.notice alternate of annual teacher Sunday Fourteenth Hike in July is the experience of a trying rather a classes. times AtSchool clinic. Piano teachers'lifetime. laborer. immigrant farmassignment for an

workshop. Guidance priest a comprises number group highThe Opportunities—Many Advancement

professors. college Ph.D.'sof workshop. education and Music

in less finish college students now special feature in the December Your workshop. teaching Spanish years advanhas four Scriptural than by taking been Formula"issue "The

composition, Painting, to inspiration me. interest greatof and School. Teachers of print maktage Summer

ing. will it It times. answer severalI've read will for special helps find many will I'm questions up which come school.many in elementary Reading certification workand outstanding Melchizedek the beginsure new when we

in secondary school. Reading clinics President for 1958. shops course (see accompanyReu-lesson and J.

ben Clark's Our Lord of the Gospels as Reporting and editing workshop. ing list).

the subject of this course will be a real High school publications workshop inspiration. of Leadership—Duringtreasure thought of chest week Week and education workshop. Special prophets, writings our of to the study I love of 2328, experts hundreds June

Supervision of education workshop. revelators; needed. theyseers, are and will fields in lecture, Church many told class of theories. the members counseling me that Some Advanced

the challenge presented by Brother NibSpanish workshop. leaders will speak, and many exhibits films will reallyley's read presented, be has and manual them made

Radiation, Biology for the of study the Book Mormonand institute. for the of family improvement and

workshop. Dance Modern justifiesfirst in faith time. our This my life. church guided leaders are thatgreat always they

in their decisions. cup AND MA, L

Thank School you and the Era for the help To: Director of Summer

and guidance you've given me. FIRST TERM: Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

truly, Yours Franz Heri June 16—July 18 SchoolPleasecatalog.send me free of charge your Summer

Name SECOND TERM: AddressI am especially interested in

July 21 -Aug. 22

MARCH 1958 141 \n

-A "V The Right Life t Mil

f Life began not at birth. It began in eternity. It

will end not at death but continue everlastingly. The

only question is, how are we to spend this interim on earth? This is the great question which all men and

women must answer. And everyone must decide for

himself or herself.

How long halt ye between two thoughts? "How

long halt ye between two opinions?"asked Elijah, and

then he gives what should be a determining thought for every young person in the world: "... if the Lord

be God, follow him: but if Baal, then follow him."

The biblical verse ends with: "And the people answered him not a word."(I Kings 18:21.)

That was a great occasion. If you are traveling and

go to Mount Carmel, residents there today will endeavor to point out to you the spot where Elijah met the priests of Baal. Ancient Israel were going astray.

Most of the people were undecided. A number of

them were following Queen Jezebel—and her name is

a symbol of unrighteousness to this day. But picture

that great man challenging the people of Israel: "If

the Lord be God, follow him: but if Baal, then follow

him."But decide. Decide what the set of your soul

will be!

Only a few in all this world determine early in life the way to go. The great majority follow a leader,

as the people of Israel in the days of Elijah; and if

the leader be false, they go in a false road. If the

leader chance to be good, most of them will be good.

2: The real tragedy of following false leaders or false

ideals is that by so doing we stifle and sometimes choke out spirituality completely.

Spirituality is the consciousness of victory over self, and of communion with the Infinite. Spirituality impels one to conquer difficulties and acquire more and

itHKH: moretruth expandingstrength. Tothe feelsoul one'sis onefacultiesof life'sunfoldingsublimest andexperiences.

There is more spirituality expressed in giving than in receiving. The greatest spiritual blessings come

t f from helping another. If you want to be miserable,

I!! just harbor hate for a brother; and if you want to hate,

V\<UvlVl li m MM.

WM THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editors Page

.. by President David O. McKay the Happy Life

just do your brother some injury. But if you want to he will make as his life's end and purpose the acquisibe happy, render a kind service, make somebody else tion of spiritual qualities.

happy.

The guiding principles to the realization of the First law of nature is survival higher life are not many or complex. Indeed, they are We live in a material world. The first law of nafew and simple, and can be applied by everyone in ture is survival, and men follow that law. The survival

any phase of life. of the fittest is nature's law, and we are told even in

I. Recognition of the reality of spiritual values. scriptures that he who will not provide for himself

II. Sense of obligation to the social group. and his loved ones is worse than an infidel. We see

III. Power of selfdenial and the resultant selfthat law operating in the lawn with each blade of

mastery. grass striving to survive, irrespective of the death of

IV. A consciousness that the ultimate purpose of the neighboring blade. Indeed, the death of the

life is the perfecting of the individual. neighboring blade might mean survival of the blade

After all, the spiritual life is the true life of man. It nearest to it. The same thing occurs in all nature—

is what distinguishes him from the beasts of the forthe robin, seeking the worm for the survival of itself ests. It lifts him above the physical, yet he is still and its offspring; the robin itself may be caught

susceptible to all the natural contributions that life by the hawk, and the hawk be brought down by can give him that are needful for his happiness or a hunter's aim. That is the law of nature. That

contributive to his advancement. Though in the is the earthy, physical life. Until we rise above

world, he is not of the world. (See John 8:23.) it, we are mere animals. And you will note that most

of the human family will follow that law. That is why

Thought, the seed of action we are having trouble. That is why clouds of warring

The kind of life you live, your disposition, your very elements surround us, because most humans are still nature, will be determined by your thoughts, of which on that animal plane.

your acts are but the outward expression. Thought Let it ever be remembered that those whose ideals

is the seed of action. Thoughts make us what we are. rise no higher than this material world, and who close

As definitely and surely as the weaver shapes his their eyes to the promise and possibility of a higher flowers and figures out of the warp and woof of his life, merely acknowledge that our purpose here is to loom, so every movement in the shuttle of thought be born, to live, breathe, prepare in a general way moves back and forth forming character and even for those who follow after us, and then to die—"a

modifying the lineaments of our features. stupid round of existence not one whit higher than

What subordinate things one seeks will have less that of the silkworm."

bearing upon the formation of one's character, and Oh, youth of the Church, in your struggles to reach upon the direction of one's life, than does the parathe height of spirituality, there is a very important mount thought of the mind, the dominant wish of the step, and that is the step of choosing your mate. Be

heart. Look introspectively now and you may detercareful. Choose one with equally high ideals. Do not

mine what your destiny will be ten years from now choose just anybody, and do not yield any spiritual as you follow that dominant thought. ideal to gain a friend. The mate you choose for life

Man's earthly existence is but a test as to whether will largely determine your success or failure. The

he will concentrate his efforts, his mind, his soul upon foundation of your contemplated happy home is laid things which contribute to the comfort and gratificaby you in your teens.

tion of his physical instinct and passions, or whether The seeds of happiness (Continued on page 205)

MARCH 1958 143 What is the Lord's day? In the

appointed unto you to rest from

QUESTION: "My neighbor... says that

the Latterday Saints are not true Christians because they desecrate the true Sabbath which is Saturday and has been from the beginning and that man has no right to change it. He maintains that it was on

the seventh day that the Lord rested from his labors when he created this earth and this was established to be perpetuated through the ages and the pope of

Rome changed it to Sunday and the protestants have followed this to their condemnation. What answer

do we have to this statement?"

ANSWER: The complete answer to these

questions is found in the Doctrine and Covenants,

Section 59. This revelation was given on Sunday,

August 6, 1831, in Jackson County, Missouri. In this

revelation the Lord promised the members of the Your Church who sought inheritances in Missouri, that he would abundantly bless them if they would covenant with him to keep his commandments. They

would be crowned with blessings from above, "yea Question and with commandments not a few, and with revelations in their time—they that are faithful and diligent

by Joseph Fielding Smith before me."After making this promise the Lord

President of the Council of the Twelve reiterated commandments from the Decalogue given on Sinai, and added this commandment concerning the Sabbath day:

"Thou shalt thank the Lord thy God in all things.

"Thou shalt offer a sacrifice unto the Lord thy God in righteousness, even that of a broken heart and a contrite spirit.

"And that thou mayest more fully keep thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt go to the house of prayer and offer up thy sacraments upon my holy day; "For verily this is a day appointed unto you to rest from your labors, and to pay thy devotions unto the

Most High; "Nevertheless thy vows shall be offered up in righteousness on all days and at all times;

"But 'remember that on this, the Lord's day, thou

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA words of the Savior, ".. verily this is a day

your labors, and to pay thy devotions unto the Most High

shalt offer thine oblations and thy sacraments unto the seventh day according to temporal times. The

the Most High, confessing thy sins unto thy brethren, former were days according to Kolob's reckoning.

and before the Lord. This we learn from the revelation given to Abraham.

"And on this day thou shalt do none other thing, "Now, I, Abraham, saw that it was after the Lord's only let thy food be prepared with singleness of heart time, which was after the time of Kolob; for as yet

that thy fasting may be perfect, or, in other words, the Gods had not appointed unto Adam his reckonthat thy joy may be full."mg.

After giving this commandment the Lord promised No one knows whether a "temporal"time was given other blessings that would follow through obedience, to Adam immediately after he was driven from Eden and then added: or not, or if it came gradually. No one knows, and

"And in nothing doth man offend God, or against no one without revelation from the Lord would know none is his wrath kindled, save those who confess not which day is the first and which is the last in our his hand in all things, and obey not his commandpresent reckoning. Moreover, it matters not which

ments."was the first or which the last day of the week before

The Lord's day was, of course, Sunday, and on this the flood. In our Bible as it has come down to us,

day the Latterday Saints have been commanded to there is little evidence that there was a Sabbath obobserve the weekly Sabbath. So far as the Latterday servance before the Lord spoke to Moses on Mount

Saints are concerned, the Lord has spoken. This Sinai. Even if we concede that the Hebrew week

settles the question. Perhaps this is as far as we and the Hebrew Sabbath correspond to the present

need to go in defense of our observance of the Sabreckoning, it does not follow that the Sabbath day now bath day on the first day of the week, but it would has to correspond to the Hebrew practice at the time not satisfy our correspondent if we stopped here. of our Savior's ministry. Because of faulty measuring

Moreover it will be of general interest to all members of time, days have been added to the calendar. Moreof the Church to have some additional discussion. over, man has been under the necessity of arbitrarily

Those who believe that the Sabbath should be on setting the time for man's convenience in certain parts

Saturday have made a fetish of the Sabbath day. They of the earth. Such an arbitrary dateline has been

have, like the Pharisees and Sadducees of old, measdrawn through the Pacific at the 180th degree from ured man to the length of their procrustean bed, and pole to pole, so that we find islands relatively close condemn all others who may be just as devout as they. together situated on each side of this line and thereThey have forgotten, it seems, the counsel of our Lord fore having their Sabbath on different days, while the

"And he said unto them, The sabbath was made same sunshine beams upon them.

for man, and not man for the sabbath:

"Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the sabAmong formerday Saints bath."1 There is evidence that the members of the Church

Being the Lord of the Sabbath he had the divine following the resurrection of Jesus changed their Sabright to change the day, and that is exactly what he bath from the last to the first day of the week and has done. that Christians have followed it ever since. It is

universally conceded that our Savior was in the tomb

Man's reckoning of time during the Jewish Sabbath, and that he came forth

In the first place there can be little relationship, in on the early morning of the first day of the week.

point of time, with the seventh day of creation and All four of the evangelists have written that it (See page 207 for footnotes.) was early on the morning ( Continued on page 196

MARCH 1958 145 Religious Scruples and the free exercise of the faculties by Henry Aldous Dixon United States Congressman from Utah

At a prominent west coast university a professor that in the class were seven Latterday Saints and of philosophy asked his class of 175 members to fill that every single one of them replied that being a out a questionnaire. One question asked the church Latterday Saint definitely modified his conduct.

to which each member belonged and a second quesYoung people in the Church constantly meet comtion was worded as follows: "Does belonging to that panions outside the Church who convey the feeling

church modify your behavior?"that we are too dictatorial and exacting in our requireAfter compiling the data, the teacher announced ments. And the question pops into the minds of our

that sixtyfive percent of the members belonged to a young people: "Why shouldn't I, like my friends, be

church and that fewer than half the number who befree to do as I choose without people pulling at me longed said that such membership made any difference wherever I turn?"

in how they lived. He reported further, however, Frequently, when restrained by their elders, young

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "... seven of them were LDS, and

every single one of them stated that being a Latterday Saint modified his conduct,"

people say: "Why fence me in? This is a free counbasketball team that played in many of the smaller

try, isn't it?"And all too frequently do we see intowns. Frankly, I was shocked to see the marked

vestigators hesitate to join the Church because of contrast between the behavior of some of the boys such requirements as observance of the law of tithing; while on trips and that at home. One of the best

keeping the Sabbath day holy; keeping the Word ways to test the character of a young man, I conof Wisdom; contribution to the welfare program; regucluded, was to observe how he acted away from home

lar attendance; unselfish but timeconsuming service where there were few restraints.

in the Church; assumption of heavy Church responsi- I shall never forget the wonderful sermon I heard

bilities; honesty in all dealings; and, of course, strict the late Bishop Marvin O. Ashton of the Presiding

chastity. All of these obligations develop "scruples"Bishopric deliver. His subject was "We Are Judged

which undoubtedly do "fence us in"and "impede the by the Company We Keep."

free exercise of the faculties."But if we run away In that sermon he told us that there was once a

from these obligations, we run away from growth. sheepman who died and left in his will the stipulaUnless a church improves the conduct and protion that his sheep were to be divided equally among

motes the continuous wholesome growth of its memhis three sons. Now, one of the boys was a bit slowbers, it is of questionable value because growth is one witted—so much so that he had a pet lamb which

of the chief purposes of mortal life. Growth more followed him like a dog. The other two boys divided

often than not requires us to take the right way even the sheep into three pens but placed all of the old though it does "impede the free exercise of the gummers, the runts, the scabbies, and the pet lamb faculties."in the middle pen. Then they brought the simpleSeveral years ago I invited a very close friend who minded boy out and told him to take his pick of the

is a high authority in another church to take part in pens.

our college exercises, but a few weeks before the time Of course the pet lamb came over to the corral came, he had a mild heart attack. He came nonegate and bleated for its owner. The boy went inside,

theless. dropped to his knees, straightened the bow of the

When he came into the office, I said, "How are pink ribbon that was around the lamb's neck, petted you?"the lamb, and told it he wouldn't part with it for the

"Well,"he said, "they took away my cigarets; they world. Then he looked around at the old gummers,

took away my cigars; they took away my whiskey; and the runts, and the scabbies, suddenly arose, and exthey took away my tea and coffee. I might just as claimed, "But if that's the kind of company you keep,

well be one of you darned Mormons."here's where you and I say goodbye!"

While attending school at the University of Chicago The boldtype headlines in two newspapers lying

I observed a unique experiment. The chief of police on my desk recently both screamed about youth crimes

had been asked by some high city officials to turn committed by juvenile delinquents that are brutal out the traffic lights and remove all traffic policy from and barbaric beyond description. Furthermore, the

a few intersections on State Street (in the heart of police in New York say these gangs are getting almost the city) in order to see what happened if traffic out of hand. They make me wonder how far some

were given complete freedom. Well, as you would youth in large cities are drifting from the commandguess, the trucks, cars, and buses all jammed in to ment, "Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy

get across first; pedestrians were chased into the days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy

gutters; bumpers became locked; fenders were God giveth thee."(Ex. 20:12)

crushed; drivers began swearing and screaming at When I read the news of the frequent terrible accieach other; and a traffic jam resulted that took the dents, I grow sad at heart to see the number of young

police the best part of an hour to untangle. Practipeople who either meet a tragic death or cause the

cally everyone wanted the free exercise of his faculdeaths of others. When I study crime statistics, I

ties but the loss of all freedom to move resulted. also grow faint to see that the average age of the

Once as a boy I traveled with an independent criminal is now little above twenty years. These all

MARCH 1958 147 are they who demand the "free exercise of the faculthe story of the Nephites and the Lamanites as told ties."in the Book of Mormon.

Education makes people selfgoverning. Out of All of history's great civilizations including the Book

623 inmates in one penitentiary there are only 65 high of Mormon peoples have followed observable cycles school graduates. Of these 65 only 29 ever attended of growth, decay, and death.

college and only 6 went beyond the sophomore year. The first, or growth, stage is characterized by simple,

Only fifteen percent of the total inmates are high honest, religious, and industrious men uniting in their school graduates. The churches and the schools are spiritual fervor to harness the forces of nature and

effective in developing moral and spiritual controls make a civilization possible.

("scruples") which make individuals live within the The second, or decay, stage is marked by wealth, law and capable of governing themselves. learning, and skepticism. The actors at this period in

Huxley says: "A man's worst difficulties begin when the play deny the gods of their fathers and lose their

he is able to do entirely as he likes."spiritual fervor, developing a profusion of nonreligious

There was a time in the history of Greece when the philosophies.

masses of the people were selfdisciplining to the The third, or death, stage is characterized by the extent that they were a very strong and quite democollapse of society grown wealthy and cultured, but cratic nation. But foreigners moved into the country spiritually weak. In this stage people easily succumb

and became so influential that they led much of the to an adversary that would have proved a weak foe youth of the country to believe their philosophy, nameindeed to their spiritually strong forebears.

ly, that "man is the measure of all things."By that I feel that if we obey God we must have "scruples"

they meant that the individual's desires, his instincts, and not impede the free exercise of the faculties. If

and his appetites should be satisfied without referAmerica expects to survive without God and his help, ence to any religion or creed. The Sophists advocated we are expecting something that never has happened

the "free exercise of the faculties,"and the nation and undoubtedly something that never will happen.

soon became so weak that it succumbed to enemies When Moses approached the burning bush, God which it would not have feared in the days of its said unto him, "... put off thy shoes from off thy feet,

strength. for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground."

President Eisenhower says that this nation is a (Ex. 3:5.) We acquire in our LDS homes reverence

strong nation because it is a good nation and that for our country and believe it is "holy ground"because when it ceases to be a good nation it will cease to be the Almighty has told us so through his prophets.

a strong nation. Goethe said: "Everything that liberNephi wrote that God said, "... behold, this land

ates the spirit with a corresponding degree of self-... shall be a land of thine inheritance, and the Genmastery is pernicious."tiles shall be blessed upon the land.

Walter Lippmann writes: "Evidences of these diffi- "And this land shall be a land of liberty... and

culties lie all about us, in the brave and brilliant there shall be no kings upon the land,...

atheists who have defied God and have become "And I will fortify this land against all other nanervous; in the women who have emancipated themtions.

selves from the tyranny of fathers, husbands, and "And he that fighteth against Zion shall perish,..."

homes, and with the help of a psychoanalyst are now (2 Ne. 10:1013.)

enjoying liberty as an interior decorator; in the young Every enlightened citizen in this land of our inheritmen and women who are world weary at twentytwo ance understands the difference between unlimited

and in the multitudes who drug themselves with freedom and a constitutional democracy. Unlimited

pleasure."freedom is the "free exercise of the faculties."It

Daniel Marsh, president of Boston University, demay lead to license. It may become irresponsibility,

scribes freedom as "Independence from unjust rethe perversion of freedom. It may result in anarchy

straint—not independence from properly constituted and the disintegration of society. A constitutional

authority. democracy, on the other hand, the type of govern-

"A sense of responsibility is what a trellis is to a vine. ment we have in America, was revealed to us as

The trellis restrains the vine in order that it may rise. constituted of God by men whom the Almighty raised

One is free to do what is right—not to confuse liberty up for that purpose.

with license, nor freedom with irresponsibility, nor This great distinction between unlimited democracy human rights with perversion."and constitutional democracy we must teach our young

These statements of Goethe, Lippmann, and Marsh people if we expect to have "righteousness in the are fairly well borne out by history and especially by home, order in the city, and peace in the nation."

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ft and shall run and not be weary

W the word of wisdomman and by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

"What is man, that thou art mindful of him?..."The Word of Wisdom was revealed in 1833, and

cried the Psalmist of old. (Psalm 8:4.) soon thereafter men of science, who had probably

"And God said,"reads the creation account, "Let never heard of the Prophet Joseph Smith nor seriously us make man in our image, after our likeness:... considered his teachings, began independently to make

"So God created man in his own image, in the discoveries in the fields of sanitation, nutrition, and image of God created he him;..."(Gen. 1:2627.) health. There likely was never a period of time

"For thou hast made him a little lower than the in the world's history when man has made so many angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour,"discoveries that would permit him to "have dominion continued the Psalmist. over the works of [God's] hands,"if he only would,

"Thou madest him to have dominion over the than in the past thirteen decades.

works of thy hands; thou hast put all things under These statistics concerning the life expectancy in

33.0 interesting: 1800, States may prove the United 8:5-6.)his feet:"(Psalm

70.0 years 1; 1955, 1924, 58.1 39.7 years; 1855, Moses, ancient Israel was given rules years; Through

governing what would be best for them during their years 2.

sojourn in mortality. The Old Testament book of The strides in medicine, especially in recent years,

Leviticus contains many of these admonitions. have been great. The insurance company whose 1955

The reestablishment of the Church in the last days statistic is quoted reported that in the tenyear period meant the restoration of all things. Shortly before the prior to 1945, the life expectancy of their policy

Church had attained its third birthday the revelation holders was increased five years.

known as the Word of Wisdom was given to the But what of the members of the Church of Jesus

Prophet Joseph Smith. (D & C 89.) February 27, Christ of Latterday Saints? They benefit from the

1958, was the one hundred twentyfifth anniversary new knowledge in sanitation, safer childbirth, and of this revelation. the use of antibiotics in the trained hands of physiIt was given to the Prophet Joseph at a time when cians. Does the additional knowledge given in the

mankind little understood the true nature of most Word of Wisdom tend to lengthen the lifespan?

stimulants—and what foods were best for man. The 1955 Church statistics indicate that the death

Scientific research since 1833 has confirmed much rate in the then 224 stakes of the Church was 5.53

that was revealed in the Word of Wisdom, and we per thousand. 3 The estimated death rate in the

have little doubt that additional scientific research United States was 9.3 per thousand.4

will confirm more of this revelation. (See page 207 for footnotes.)

MARCH 1958 149 Six Missing

by Horst A. Reschke

Sam, the old printer, was rubbing his hands against me some young girls who had come to the city to find his inkstained apron. He was obviously trying to jobs. They were clean and neat looking and as sweet

clean them, although the apron was as black as his as they come. Having been raised in fine LDS comhands. I could not help wondering whether his hands munities, they could not help continuing the long obwere getting cleaner or more soiled. served practice of going to Church and of living a

As if he guessed my thoughts, Sam finally gave up life worthy of the teachings of their parents. Sundays

and leaned across the glass counter. "Here are some and weekdays alike found them active in the ward.

sample wedding announcements, young man,"he said, That's how I first came to know them. Every morning

pushing a stack of white cards of various sizes and when I opened my shop, they'd walk by on their way different styles of type towards me. After I had to the bus stop, and at night, sitting on the porch of

picked out a simple but nice looking card, I inquired my house, I would see them come home. They would

about the price. "Well,"he drawled, scratching the flash a smile and call a friendly greeting. Sometimes

side of his head and leaving a black mark upon his they would stop for a chat and would pat Curt, my left temple, "that depends on the number of cards German shepherd, on the back. It brightened Curt's

and on the type. Also, I may have to charge you my day and mine.

regular price; but if you qualify, I could give you a "One day, as I was cutting my hedge I saw one of

fifteen percent discount."the girls come down the street with a young man.

"Qualify?"I was honestly puzzled. "What do you She was the short one, with dark hair and deep violet

mean by 'qualify'?"eyes. 'Well,'I thought to myself, 'I wondered when

"To meet my requirements, you would have to inone of them would come around with a boy friend.'

clude six words in your copy. These words will make As they came closer, I got a good look at the young

all the difference."His eyes were sizing me up, and man. He was quite handsome; with shiny black,

I could see by the way he looked at me over his curly hair, the build of an athlete, and the general air nickelplated spectacles that he was more than casually of one who knows he has a way with the girls. As

interested in my answer. they passed by, the girl nodded a shy greeting, seem-

"But I couldn't spoil the entire card by putting six ingly embarrassed by the fact that the young fellow words on it, just to earn me a discount!"I said somehad his arm around her waist.

what bewildered. "The weeks slipped by and although the other girls

"Young man,"said Sam solemnly, "the discount I came by as usual, I saw very little of the one with the can give you will be but a small token of the good boy friend. One night, when I had been out late, I

fortune that will be in store for you if those six words saw her with him in a car parked in front of her can be put on your card."I had a vague idea then apartment.

what he was referring to, but before I could open my "Then one Saturday afternoon just as I was going mouth, he said, "If you have a minute, I'll tell you a to close shop, the doorbell rang, and I went out front little story."Upon my nodded agreement, he pushed to see who it was. You guessed it. There stood the

his glasses back on his nose and commenced: little girl with the violet eyes. Only they weren't so

"A few years ago there lived down the street from violet now. Something (Continued on page 188)

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

y Genealogy to prepare the way

by Albert E. (Bert) Hunt

Clarissa Elizabeth Truman Hunt turned in her bed that our noble ancestors should have these same privifor the hundredth time, sat up, turned on the light, leges and blessings was ever with me.

and sighed, "Two a.m."Zera Pulsipher Terry Hunt, In October 1950, after many long talks with my

her husband, asked the obvious question, "What's wife, who has been blessed with a great abundance the matter, dear?"of the spirit of Elijah, we came to the agreement that

Clarissa replied, "A man keeps repeating his name we would move back to Salt Lake City and do all in over and over. If he will let me get some sleep, I our power to reactivate our dormant family organizawill go to the library in the morning and see if I can tion and personally to spend all possible time at the

find him."Whereupon she turned the light off and library. In January 1951 we moved from the dairy

dropped into peaceful slumber. farm in Spanish Fork, and through the help of the

The next morning Clarissa was waiting at the door Lord, I set up a health and massage business in the of the library at opening time. When the door was Deseret Gymnasium. Many hours were afforded me

unlocked, she walked in and while waiting at the to step next door into the library and do research work.

desk for service noticed on a reading table a book By the cooperation of our children, my faithful wife that had been left out the night before. Curious, she also spent many long hours there. After two long

picked up the book and let it fall open. As her eyes years of diligent labor, we came to the conclusion

scanned the page they focused on a name: "Minor that to accomplish the maximum amount of good, we

King."A thrill raced up her spine. "Minor King,"needed the services of a professional in the field.

she murmured, "you are a very impatient fellow!"Therefore, for the next two years we tried to do what

This was the name of the man who had been so inwe had planned, to reactivate a good family organizasistent in her mind during the night. tion. We did have the services of a professional from

Looking down the page she saw the names of his the Genealogical Society, but because so many dewife and family. Also down the page was the family mands are placed upon these workers it seemed imof Levi Valentine who had married a sister of Minor possible for them to do for any one patron the amount

King's wife. Finding the husbands of these girls comof work we wanted done.

pleted much soughtfor information. Humbly thankIn April of 1955 Brother E. Kay Kirkham walked

ing the Lord for his guidance, Clarissa Hunt hurried into my office, and I could see clearly the lines of home to tell her husband the good news. worry and concern written on his face. He felt the

This happened back in 1929. On March 9, 1933, great weight of responsibility of so many patrons deClarissa, my mother, was called home to rejoice with pending upon him as a worker of the Genealogical

the thousands of her people for whom she had opened Society. The Holy Spirit brought into my heart with

the doors of salvation. I was twentyone at this time conviction that this was the man to do the research

and had been married three months. For the next that was so pressing in my mind.

eighteen years the immediate demands of getting an I proceeded with feelings of elation and confidence, education, raising a family, and keeping the wolf and after discussing it with my relatives, I persuaded from the door kept me very busy. But during these Brother Kirkham to go to work for us.

years there smoldered within me an unquenchable With goals high, and backed with a strong deterfire to carry on where my mother and other relatives mination to succeed, we started to lay our plans. It

had left off. was decided that a monthly bulletin should be pubMy love for the gospel was ever increasing through lished to keep in touch with all known relatives and

acceptance of the many opportunities the Church help them to understand what was going on in our offers, and as it increased the knowledge struck home research. Acting upon this plan, we sent the first

that thousands of my beloved ancestors hadn't had bulletin in June of 1955 to over five hundred relatives.

the privileges and blessings that were so bounteously To make it easier for them to contribute, a selfad- bestowed upon me as a result of the gospel. Knowldressed envelope with a contribution slip was sent

edge that an allwise Father in heaven had provided with each bulletin.

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA After planning carefully and checking with the Index Bureau, it was decided 'Finally the vessel was to put our efforts, first, on the Welborn cast upon the rocks of surname. We usually neglect our maBermuda Island and

ternal lines, and this had been true in crushed to pieces our case. Fewer than two hundred Welborn names were found in the Index

Bureau.

Some of the following are excerpts taken from our monthly bulletins:

John Welborn, the ninth generation from Nancy Garret Welborn, first wife of Amos Hunt and my second greatgrandmother, was one of a company of colonists who set sail from England and came to Old Jamestown, Virginia, on

May 24, 1610. ( The following extract is

from the copyright book of H. C. Wilborn, entitled Welborn, Wilburn, History and Genealogy. 1953.)

"The illfated Sea Venture sailed from

Plymouth, England, June 2, 1609, in a squadron of seven vessels, carrying all together, over five hundred emigrant passengers for the Jamestown settlement.

Almost from the beginning the voyage was illomened and unfortunate. A

violent storm scattered and separated the ships of the fleet, some of which never reached their destination. The Sea Venture that had on board Sir George

Somers, admiral of the expedition; Lt.

General Thomas Gates; and Captain

Newport, far out in the Atlantic encountered a disastrous hurricane. It had

been separated from the rest of the fleet, and now officers, crew members, and passengers had to fight three days and four nights without rest or sleep, pumping and bailing, to save the ship from sinking.

"Finally the vessel was cast upon the rocks of Bermuda Island and crushed to pieces. Seemingly by providential

intervention, all the people reached the shore (Continued on page 182)

MARCH 1958 Perhaps no religious body has been so careful and exacting in keeping records of the history and accomplishments of its people, of the ordinance work for both the living and the dead, and of the Church standing of individual members, as has the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. This record

keeping has come about not accidentally, but as a result of several divine revelations to the Prophet

Joseph Smith at the time of the restoration of the gospel.

Commandment by revelation So vital and important is record keeping in God's kingdom that on April 6, 1830, while the Prophet and five others were in session organizing the Church, the Lord revealed the following:

"Behold, there shall be a record kept among you;

and in it thou shalt be called a seer, a translator, a prophet, an apostle of Jesus Christ, an elder of the church through the will of God the Father, and the A grace of your Lord Jesus Christ, "Being inspired of the Holy Ghost to lay the foundation thereof, and to build it up unto the most holyRecordKeeping faith."(D&C 21:1-2.)

At various times following that revelation, the

Savior instructed Joseph regarding the keeping of accurate and detailed records pertaining to every phase People of his Church and kingdom.

Perhaps the most valuable record to each of us is our personal Church membership record. These recby President Milton R. Hunter ords should be on file in the ward in which each of

of the First Council of the Seventy us resides in order that we might be ordained to the various offices in the priesthood and that we may obtain recommends from our bishops to perform ordinance work in the temples, as well as to make ourselves available for service in any capacity in the Church to which we may be called.

On March 8, 1831, less than a year after the organization of the Church, the Lord through revelation chose a Church historian and gave instructions

In preparation for the next visit of relative to keeping accurate Church historical recthe revelation: from To quote the ward teachers, it is hoped that ords.

it is "Behold, expedient in me that my servant each family will read, as a part of John [Whitmer] should write and keep a regular their family hour, this stirring artihistory,...

"And again, I say unto you that it shall be apcle. It is one of a series in which pointed unto him to keep the church record and

... General Authorities, in cooperation history continually;

"Wherefore, it shall be given him, inasmuch as he with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss is faithful, by the Comforter, to write these things.

the monthly ward teaching topics. Even so. Amen."(Ibid., 47:1, 3-4.)

Family Hour Discussion Topic—

Your Membership Record

As a result of that revelation and following the beThere are numerous manuscript histories of branchginning made by John Whitmer, the Church has had es, wards, stakes, and missions in the Church Hismany outstanding Church historians, President Joseph torian's library. There is also a file containing a large

Fielding Smith acting in that position today. collection of miscellaneous letters and other original

The Prophet Joseph Smith became the first redocuments alphabetically arranged.

nowned historical writer in the Church. His secreThe Church Historian's library also contains many

taries recorded many of the things he said. He kept published works. It contains sets of The Journal of

a daily journal. These numerous important historical Discourses, which are twentysix volumes covering the

and doctrinal items have been edited by B. H. Roberts period from 1854 to 1886, which contain hundreds of

and published under the title of History of the Church, speeches given by President Brigham Young, his counPeriod I, ofttimes called the Documentary History of selors, the apostles, and other Church leaders. There

the Church. There are six large volumes. This voare in the collection, also, complete sets of The Milluminous work, coming primarily from the mouth or lennial Star, The Improvement Era, The Contributor,

pen of the Prophet, gives us the basis for the history all issues of The Deseret News, and most issues of of the Church down to the time of the martyrdom. The Salt Lake Tribune and other prominent Utah

All historians who write on the eastern period of newspapers. In summary, there are approximately

Mormon history draw extensively upon this work. 600 sets of private journals, 100,000 ward, stake,

Brigham Young and numerous other Church leaders branch, and mission records, almost a complete file followed the instructions and example of the Prophet of congressional records, approximately 2400 volumes

Joseph and kept diaries or daily journals. When the of antiMormon books, two complete copies of almost

Mormon exiles began their trek westward, Brigham everything published by the Church, and numerous

Young instructed them that in keeping with earlier other books—in all, approximately 40,000 volumes.

Mormon practice and God's command a careful recThese numerous records comprise the library of the ord must be kept of all activities and important serChurch. Truly, the Latterday Saints have followed

mons. Every pioneer company was to have an auGod's commandment to be "a recordkeeping people."

thorized camp historian, who was to keep a minute

Accuracy essential record of all matters pertinent to preserving an accurate and detailed history of the Saints. In the Great Early in September 1842 the Prophet wrote two

Basin each company of explorers and each group of letters to the Saints at Nauvoo, Illinois, in which he colonizers had a regularly appointed historian. Ingave them detailed instructions on baptism for the

cluded in these records are minutes of public meetings dead and the exact method by which records of the and copies of all important letters. Following Brigsame should be made and preserved. To quote:

ham Young's time the same policy has prevailed to the "Verily, thus saith the Lord unto you concerning present day. your dead: When any of you are baptized for your

A vast majority of these journals have been collected dead, let there be a recorder, and let him be eyewit- in the Church Historian's library at 47 East South ness of your baptisms; let him hear with his ears, that

Temple, Salt Lake City. The manuscript collection he may testify of a truth, saith the Lord;

in the Church archives is exceedingly extensive. The "That in all your recordings it may be recorded in

result is that the Church Historian's library occupies heaven; whatsoever you (Continued on page 193)

a large area in the Church Office Building, and a large staff is employed in compiling the records.

One of the most important collections in this vast library is the Latterday Saint Journal History. This

historical collection contains a daily report of important events of the Church from its organization in Dr. MiltonauthorR. Hunter,of this

1830 to the present time. It includes transcripts from month's family discussion

historian and is a trained original documents of the Church, letters, diaries, extopic, volumes. of several an author

ploration, and other official reports, minutes of imHe was sustained as a member portant Church meetings, and relevant newspaper ofSeventythe Firstat theCouncilAprilof1945the reports. The collection is made up into large scrapgeneral conference.

books, with typewritten pages in looseleaf form.

MARCH 1958 155 The Church Mourns the Passing of

Elder Thomas E. McKay

by Marba C. Josephson

Associate Managing Editor

His service to his community having been demonstrated through his teaching and supervisory work,

Brother McKay loved people and he proved his wider community interest through elecpeople loved him. He was firm in tionof Representativesin the Utah Statefor Legislature:two years first(19191921);in the Houseand

his faith, but tolerant of others. He then in the Senate, where he held the office of presifelt there was goodness in all men. dent for two terms. In 1923 he was appointed a member of the Public Utilities Commission (the Public

Service Commission of today) where he served for fourteen years. In 1924, Elder McKay also served as

Utah chairman of the Western Shippers advisory board, in which organization he was elected general

Elder Thomas Evans McKay, Assistant to the Counchairman in 1929. He was also appointed to the

cil of the Twelve since 1941, twice mission president executive committee of the National Association of of the SwissGerman Mission as well as a missionary Railroad and Utilities Commissioners in the same year..

to that country in his youth, educator, lawmaker, has Throughout his life Elder McKay served in the offered the fruits of his talents to his community and priesthood and auxiliary organizations of the Church.

his Church during the eightytwo years of his life. His great leadership early evidenced itself, and he

The many activities of Thomas E. McKay's life were was called as second counselor in the Ogden Stake

diversified, but all united to contribute to his charpresidency at the time of its division from the Weber acter and make him a great force for good. In his Stake, a position which was interrupted by a call to

lifelong interest in education he taught by love as the presidency of the SwissGerman Mission in 1909.

well as by example. He became principal of the When he returned in 1912 from this service, Elder

Pingree School in Ogden, Utah, in 1899 following McKay was again called to the stake presidency.

immediately his graduation from the University of In September 1912, Elder McKay married Faun

Utah. In 1900 he received a call to a foreign mission, Brimhall, daughter of the noted educator, George H.

to serve, he understood, in the British Mission, but he Brimhall, and Flora Robertson Brimhall. They were

was assigned as a missionary in Germany for three blessed with five children, four daughters and a son, years. When he returned, he taught for two years who survive Elder McKay's passing: Flora Jennette

at Weber Academy, which institution he left to beJensen, Fawn Brodie, Barbara Fay Smith, Marjorie come a teacher at what is now the Utah State UniLouise Card, and Thomas Brimhall McKay. Also

versity. After two years at this institution he was mourning Elder McKay's passing are eighteen grandcalled to serve as superintendent of the Weber County children.

school district in which capacity he served for two Elder Clifford E. Young, appointed as an Assistant

years. to the Twelve on the same day as Elder McKay was

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Thomas E. McKay,

one of the first five Assistants to the Council of the Twelve sustained at the April 1941 general conference, was born October 29, 1875, and died January 15, 1958.

appointed, said in his funeral sermon, honoring Elder Mc- S*I

Kay, "Thomas Evans McKay was the son of David and Jennette Evans McKay and was born in Huntsville, October 29, 1875. His parents were converts to the Church, his father

having come from Scotland, his mother from Wales.

Brother McKay often paid affectionate tribute to his worthy parents. I quote from

his address in the April 1944 Conference. 1 feel more

grateful than ever this morning for my mother, that she was instrumental in insisting on my father's accepting his call to go into the mission spected and appreciated by all the Church members field at the time he was called and would not permit that were fortunate enough to come under his kindly him to postpone that call for a year because of her influence.

delicate condition. That was a great decision in the "Brother McKay loved people and people loved

history of the David McKay family, and I appreciate him. He was firm in his faith, but tolerant of others

it more this morning than ever. She said, "David, you who did not believe as he did. He felt there was a

go on that mission. The Lord wants you now, not a goodness in all men.

year from now. He can take care of me when you "He loved the outdoors and knew that to spend a

are in Scotland as well as if you were at my bedside."few hours on some of our beautiful mountain streams

It was just ten days after he left for the mission field with a fishing rod was a good cure for much of the that a beautiful little spirit, one of the choicest, came evil that is in the world. I have no fear of the outto our home. She was over two years old before come.

my father saw her. I say I am grateful that decision "In Luke we read, 'Now upon the first day of the

was made to go on a mission at that time.'week, very early in the morning, they came unto the

"His assignment as one of the General Authorities sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had pretook him to all parts of the Church and he was repared, and certain (Continued on page 184)

MARCH 1958 157 MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XXI

"Christ Brought Before Pilate,"from a painting by Michael Munkacsy

"It Is Finished,"from a painting by Johann von KdelerWiliandi mi,<

Christ

The Lord of the world had placed himself in the hands of his accusers. It was midnight

Thursday. Only fifteen hours of

his mortal life remained. He

had preached the gospel; he had

showered his compassion upon the sick and the unfortunate; he

had established his church. He

now faced another important part of his mission, as set forth in the great plan of salvation voluntarily laying down his life to atone for the sins of mankind and becoming the first fruits of the resurrection.

by Doyle L. Green, Managing Editoris Crucified

The events of those fifteen hours—the mockery, the he could be safely kept awaiting the proper filing of

indignities, the humiliation, the suffering endured by charges and holding of a trial? No! Rather to the

a God at the hands of men would be all but unspeakhouse of Annas. The former high priest, Annas was

able were it not for the fact that they had to be an opportunist, rich, powerful, and crafty enough to endured. Authorities in Jewish and Roman law, carehave maneuvered his sonin-law, Caiaphas, into his

fully studying these doings point out more than a position when he vacated it. One would almost have

dozen ways in which the arrest and the subsequent to believe that the order for the Savior's arrest came proceedings were unprecedented—not only unethical from Annas and that the officers were now displaying

but actually illegal according to existing law, traditheir prize as evidence that they had succeeded in tion, and practice. A victim of evil political and their evil assignment.

religious conspiracy contrived by jealous, bigoted, and One can picture Christ, standing majestically though blinded men, Jesus was not even given the considerabound in cords, before the old, snarling leader of the tion that a common criminal could have expected. Jews. Answering the former high priest's questions

From peaceful Gethsemane Jesus was taken, bound, about his disciples and his doctrine, the Lord said:

down the steep paths and narrow streets back into "I spake openly to the world; I ever taught in the

the city of Jerusalem. Where? To a prison where synagogue, and in the temple, whither the Jews always

(See page 207 for footnotes.) resort: and in secret have I said nothing.

MARCH 1958 159 "The Way of the Cross,"from a painting by Heinrich Hofmann

"Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, selves was not hard, but getting their stories to agree

what I haVe said unto them: behold, they know what was another matter. Finally they did find two who

I said."testified: "This fellow said, 1 am able to destroy the

Annas must have shrunk at the rebuff. He would temple of God, and to build it in three days.'

not permit such words to be spoken to him by a Was this the best evidence they had? Was this

prisoner. Probably at his signal one of the officers statement, misinterpreted and misused though it was,

struck Jesus in the face with the palm of his hand. grounds on which to sentence a man to death?

"Answerest thou the high priest so?"he jeered. Jesus was silent. He knew the proceedings were

"If I have spoken evil,"Jesus calmly replied to the but mockery.

officer, "bear witness of the evil: but if well, why "Answerest thou nothing?"demanded the high

smitest thou me?"This ended the interim with Annas. priest; "what is it which these witness against thee?"

Jesus was next taken to the home of Caiaphas. For Still Jesus did not speak.

what purpose? Remember, it was past midnight. "I adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us

Assembled at the house of the high priest were the whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God,"Caiaphas chief priests and the elders or probably what amounted demanded.

to a high council of the Sanhedrin which had met Why prolong the mockery? "Thou hast said,"the

according to prearranged plans to condemn Jesus Lord replied, which was the same as saying, "Yes, to death. This was their only desire. They didn't what you say is true."Then he added, "Nevertheless

want him merely imprisoned or punished in some I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man other way. Death was the only answer to this man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the

who in their minds threatened their positions and clouds of heaven."

contradicted their teachings. Triumphantly the high priest rent his clothes and

In preparation for this infamous session, knowing screamed: "He hath spoken blasphemy; what further

full well that Jesus had done or said nothing they need have we of witnesses? behold, now ye have

could rightfully condemn him for, they had sought heard his blasphemy.

false witnesses, probably with the help of evil money "What think ye?"he asked the council.

such as they gave to the betrayer, Judas Iscariot. The Unanimously they agreed that Jesus was guilty and

finding of such men who were willing to perjure themshould be put to death.

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA him saying, "Art not thou also one of his disciples?"

Again Simon answered, "I am not."

An hour had passed when one of the servants of the high priest, a relative of the man whose ear Peter had cut off with the sword in the Garden, was attracted to Peter, seemingly because of his Galilean accent. "Did not I see thee in the garden with him?"

he questioned. For the third time Peter denied being

a follower of the Lord. Even before he had finished

speaking the cock crew. Luke records:

"And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And

Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. "And Peter went out, and wept bitterly."

It is hard to imagine the leaders of a people permitting, if not participating, in the degrading and disgusting maltreatment of the Savior that followed.

They spat in his face and beat him. Blindfolding him

they slapped him and mocked, "Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?"

How long they tormented the Lord is not told in the records, but he was seemingly in the hands of "Peter Denies Christ,"from a these evil men for several hours, or "until morning painting by Graf Harrach was come."There remained the formality of having

the Sanhedrin make the condemnation official.

Although this body had no power under the Roman

What thoughts were going through the mind of the law actually to put a person to death, they knew that big fisherman, Peter, as he witnessed these shameful a strong recommendation of their quorum would be proceedings? He had gained admittance to the listened to by the Roman governor.

house through the help of "another disciple"who The Sanhedrin had an official meeting place close had used his influence to get him past the girl who to one of the gates of the temple. It seems likely that

was the keeper of the door. This "other disciple"Jesus was led to this place to face this group of Jewish

seems to have been John the Beloved, as he alone "chief priests, elders and scribes"soon after daybreak, gives the details of Peter's admittance to the house. or as early as a quorum could be assembled. This

In his writings he never refers to himself by name. mock hearing seems to have lasted but a few minutes.

Nevertheless the girl at the door thought she recog- "Art thou the Christ?"the question was put to him.

nized Peter. "Art not thou also one of this man's "If I tell you, ye will not believe": the Lord andisciples?"she asked. To admit he was undoubtedly swered.

would mean that he would not be permitted to enter. "And if I also ask you, ye will not answer me, nor

He wanted to be as close to his Lord as possible. let me go."

"I am not,"he answered. Nevertheless Jesus continued: "Hereafter shall the

It was a chilly night, and in the courtyard some of Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God."

the servants and officers had made a fire of coals. As with one voice this group of vultures, seemingly

Peter joined the group to warm himself. A second feeling they had their prey within their grasp, chorperson thought he recognized Peter and approached used, "Art thou then the Son of God?"

REJUVENATION

by Dora Toone Brough

The roots awaken, stir from restful sleep,

Each bud and leaf a token of rebirth.

The sunlight's smile and singing, laughing rain

Help Lady Spring rejuvenate the earth.

MARCH 1958 161 "Ye say that I am,"the Lord responded. Quickly they responded: "It is not lawful for us

As far as the Jewish leaders were concerned, the to put any man to death."So that was it! They

trial was over. The prisoner stood condemned. wanted him to condemn this man to death!

Judas must have been nearby, clutching in his What were the charges? The clever Jews had all

shaking hands the bag containing the thirty pieces the answers. Should they say blasphemy? No, this

of silver which the betrayal had brought him. How would mean nothing to the Roman governor. But

the words guilty and death must have cut at his althey had trumped up three charges which should ready tormented and blackened soul! We would like cause him to take notice: (1) "perverting the nation,"

to believe that he never thought that his betraying the or in other words stirring up the people; (2) "forMaster would actually bring about his death. Maybe bidding to give tribute to Caesar;"and (3) "saying

yet, he thought, by admitting his guilt, and returning that he himself is Christ a King."

the money, he could right the terrible wrong he had Pilate took Jesus into a room where he could talk done. Rushing into the Sanhedrin, he babbled, "I have to him away from the crowd. "Art thou the King

sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood."of the Jews?"he asked.

The council members must have looked upon the Jesus answered with a question: "Sayest thou this

wretched man with contempt. "What is that to us?"thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me?"

they jeered; "see thou to that."Pilate assured him he was not making the accusaRealizing the utter hopelessness of what he had tion. "Am I a Jew?"he apologized. "Thine own

done, the miserable, demented man threw the coins nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto down onto the floor of the temple and, rushing out, me: what hast thou done?"

he put an end to his life by hanging himself. "My kingdom is not of this world:"Jesus explained;

Now Jesus was led to the Roman judgment halls of "if my kingdom were of this world, then would my the governor, Pontius Pilate. The Jews remained in servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the

the courtyard, however, fearing they would be defiled Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence."

if they actually entered the building. Here again The governor pressed the question. "Art thou a

all of the procedures of a proper trial seem to have king then?"

been ignored. When Pilate asked the people what "Thou sayest that I am a king,"Jesus responded.

charges they had to make against the accused, they "To this end was I born, and for this came I into the tried to avoid the question, seemingly trying to world, that I should bear witness unto the truth.

maneuver the governor into condemning Jesus without Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice."

a hearing. They certainly would not have revealed Pilate hesitated. "What is truth?"he asked. But

the proceedings of their own trial. without waiting for an answer he went out to report

"If he were not a malefactor, we would not have to the Jews, "I find no fault in this man."But they

delivered him up unto thee,"they assured him. were insistent: "He stirred up the people,"they

Either Pilate saw through their cunning or mischarged, "teaching throughout all Jewry, beginning understood them. "Take ye him, and judge him from Galilee to this place."

according to your law,"he suggested. So the accused was a (Continued on page 186)

O GIVE ME SUDDEN SNOW!

by Eva Willes Wangsgaard

I watch the rain on leaves beneath the trees Thus when the spring comes golden in the horns

So lately red and golden on the limb. Of daffodils and fragrant in the stars

The fire dance is over, ecstasies Which circle stems of hyacinths, and thorns

Subsiding in one windtuned interim. Grow greener on the roses'climbing spars;

But great was their abandon in the hour The soddenness of leaves would not be sad.

When Time's invisible, imperious hands They would blend richly with the garden mold.

Decreed their death. Obedient to power The spade would turn them to the warming, glad,

Beyond resistance, they careened in bands. Awakening furrows and the hope they hold.

How beautiful their color on the wind! Lost beauties live again within the new.

How light their grace! How eloquent as laughter After the tumult, out of the darkness come

Their muted gossip under boughs timethinned! The strength, the fragrances, the joys that grew

How sodden now while long rains slither after! On other stems and quickened other drums

Such gaiety deserved arrested flight As red as ours, an endless living chain.

Caught under sudden snowbanks crisp and white. O give me sudden snow, not long gray rain!

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Part of A Our Caring by Helen Wilson

The other day I sat at the bedside of an eightyfive cerned there is a testimony of the eternal individualyear old woman who, I learned, had at eight walked ity of man.

from central Utah to southeastern Arizona, one of its But there is one circumstance under which death earlier Latterday Saint settlers; who had borne thiris always a great sadness, always in a sense unexteen children and lost eight of them; who had for pected, and always a loss far beyond the companionyears cared for her family seated on a chair because ship of someone we love. It is when, as with the

she was too weak to stand; who after she was widowed above woman, death takes a person whose recollecpaid off a four thousand dollar debt, sent two sons tions of childhood, whose knowledge of unrecorded

on missions, two daughters to college, went to college dates and places pertinent to family genealogy, whose and became county school superintendent, searched inspirational experiences and testimony of the gospel, out many thousands of temple names, part of them go with them; when the family realizes too late, or

while living in a tent and writing by candlelight, never realizes, what great wealth has been lost.

had their work done for them, built a small home; This matter is important for several reasons. In

who all her life had encouraged faith, obedience, the first place, the passage of time often lends prestige and loyalty to the Church, in her children. and power to worthwhile words. A little aging can

Now she was dying, and had lost all power of speech make counsel seem more important, so that a youngand was unable to recognize her family. As I lisster who pays no attention to Mom or Dad is often

tened to the above facts about her, told by a daughter, in awe at greatgrandfather's courage and faith

I thought: "What a marvelous story lies behind that (which somehow seem timely even after all these

sketch! What a life she has lived! What inspiration years!).

her descendants will have in reading about her!"Because wisdom gains this prestige with aging, it

And it could have been thus, except for one thing. ought to be a part of our caring to look forward to a

Not a single word of that woman's marvelous story, time when the lives of our parents and grandparents not one of her told and retold experiences, not a word will be even more valuable than they seem now.

of her testimony of the gospel had been recorded by Families who in their histories have stories of perher children or grandchildren. For the most part, sonal contact with the Prophet Joseph, Brigham

said her daughter, they had paid her little attention Young, and other early leaders cherish them. Similar

in their busy days. They knew little more about her experiences, with modern leaders, will someday also

now than I have written here. be cherished—but only if kept.

When a long life righteously lived ends, there is Too few young people today know the joy and sorrow and loneliness among those affected, but it inspiration of really getting acquainted with the old is not a bitter experience. Even when a young person folk, even their own grandparents and greatgrand-

is taken, the happening loses much of the sorrow and parents. Yet, how such a relationship would buoy the

questioning inherent in death if among those contired spirits of the aged, (Continued on page 190)

MARCH 1958 163 Leadership Development

.. uGet thee up

be illuminated 99 by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

leader is usually the one who can generate to its maximum this great internal power. These are they

The greatest opportunity whoto pass"domuchmanyrighteousness"things of theirofowntheirfreeownwill,accord.and bringBut

we need to remember that one of the most important of our lives is to catch fire, elements in our lives is plain, simple, honest industry.

There is a great verse in the sixtieth chapter of to shake off our lethargy, Isaiah in which the prophet says, "Arise, shine, for thy light is come."This verse was translated by Cloverto wake ourselves up. dale to say—"Get thee up—be illuminated."

Each human being must answer to God for the effectiveness of his own life. ( See D & C 72:3. ) We can

imagine how the Lord feels when we lie down on

Socrates said, "Let him who would move the world, the job; for example, he said to the members of the

first move himself."Church at Laodicea, "I

One of the most profound secrets of success in know thy works, that church work, or in anything else, begins with vigorous, thou art neither cold continuous, physical activity. The great British Prime nor hot:...

Minister Disraeli once defined genius as "the power "... because thou art

to make continuous effort."This is also one of the lukewarm,... I will

most important parts of church leadership. It is one spue thee out of my

of the most important teachings of the gospel. Our mouth.

eternal exaltation in large measure depends upon it. "... thou sayest, I am

The Lord has said, "He that is slothful shall not rich, and increased with "the living sleep above be counted worthy to stand,"( D & C 107: 100. ) "Thou goods, and have need the ground... as the

shalt not be idle."(Ibid., 42:42.) "... the idler shall of nothing; and knowest dead do beneath"

not have place in the church, except he repent and not that thou art wretchmend his ways."(Ibid., 75:29.) "Now, I, the Lord, ed, and miserable, and

am not well pleased with the inhabitants of Zion, for poor, and blind, and naked."(Rev. 3:1517.) The

there are idlers among them."(Ibid., 68:31.) IdleLaodiceans were not exactly on fire with enthusiasm

ness is wickedness. We must "work"out our salvafor their church work, and the Lord was certainly

tion. Onlv the "valiant"shall inherit the celestial not very much pleased about it.

kingdom. (See ibid., 76:79.) "Let every man be diliSometimes our own experience gives additional

gent in all things."(Ibid., 75:29.) importance to some particular idea. I recently visited

One of our most vital problems is how best to a stake which had some of the same problems as the promote this all important diligence in our own lives. Laodiceans, and I was impressed then that this line

Some try driving themselves from the outside; that from Isaiah is one of the most thrilling lines in all of

is very difficult. There are others who fire themselves the scriptures. The members of this particular stake,

from within; that is much easier. The most effective like those at Laodicea, had lost their fire. They also

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had some of the earmarks of a firstclass cemetery, being. It was running around frantically looking

where the living sleep above the ground almost as behind trees and bushes and under stones, as if it soundly as the dead do beneath. were searching for something. At length, overcome

The greatest opportunity of our lives is to catch by curiosity, Alice asked, "What are you searching fire, to shake off our lethargy, to wake ourselves up, for?"The lock said, "I am searching for the key with

and get going. There is so much to be done and so which to unlock myself. If I do not find that key, I

little time in which am doomed to remain shut up within myself all of to do it. We should my life. I shall never get out. Therefore, I must find

impress ourselves the key to unlock myself."

with the seriousness Almost more than anything else, we need to get of "slothfulness"and ourselves unlocked, to break the cords of lethargy be aware of the fact which hold us bound, and release that Godgiven that our "greatest potential with which each of us has been endowed.

He prided himself on how sin is to be conEffective activity is the roadway to every accomplishresisted he had appointscious of none."ment. Probably the most bitter denunciation that assignments to Church ments

The army has Jesus ever heaped upon the head of anyone was upon taught us something about the seriousness of "sleephim who hid his talents in the ground. He said,

ing at the post."The infant sleeps most of the time. "Thou wicked and slothful servant."What a great

Life is a constant struggle against sleep, which has sin is sloth, and how effortlessly we can bring its been described as "a morsel of death."If this spiritual penalties upon ourselves.

drowsiness is too much indulged in in our religious To become what we sometimes call "lost"one need lives, it brings about spiritual death. "Idleness is not necessarily be a wicked or notorious sinner. He

wickedness"because it brings failure to every acneeds only to be overcome by the fumes of inertia.

complishment, and in the work of the Lord we must Sometimes we get what has been called "gray sicknot fail. ness."That is when we are half asleep and half

Recently a man was priding himself on how successfully he had resisted appointments to Church assignments. He acted as if this were his greatest

virtue. Like the Laodiceans, he was not even aware

of his own poverty. Most of our problems come from

this partial awareness of things. Even when we are

supposed to be awake, sleep partially possesses most of us. Even the chosen disciples could not stay awake Manypend goodfor theirChurchexaltationmembersupondeto sustain the Son of God in the very hour when, the "prodding"of someone else

under the burden of their sins, he sweat great drops of blood at every pore. Following that example, we awake, half dead and half alive. That is when a

often make common jokes about sleeping in Church child of God, intended to be the masterpiece of creawhere we have gone to worship God and learn his tion, sinks into this "partial death"and is overcome will. How appropriate, therefore, are the timely by lack of interest, inertia, boredom, ignorance, indewords of Isaiah, coming down across the centuries cision, and indifference. Death is inactivity. Life is

to inspire us to throw off this spiritual drowsiness and intelligent enthusiasm and vigorous, continuous effort.

produce within ourselves that kind of spiritual ambiJust think how many good members of the Church tion which foretells a happy immortality and glorious depend for their exaltation upon the "prodding,""enexaltation. couragement,"and continual "reminding,"of someWhen Alice was exploring the mysteries of Wonderone else. "If we really believe as we believe, then

land, she met a strangelooking lock in the garden, why do we do as we do?"

with feet and hands that made it resemble a human It was reported that one bishop formed the habit

PRAYER FOR A SON

by Patricia Duff McGinley

Dear Lord, please make his body strong, In that eager body, Lord,

With muscled arm and steady hand. Let a laughing spirit glow,

Grant his stride be easy, long; And fortify my spirit toward

Let him run swiftly, proudly stand. The time when I must let him go.

MARCH 1958 165 of going down to the railroad station every morning says, "Use them or lose them."The penalty says,

to see the train pull out. Someone asked him why, "From him that hath not, shall be taken away even

and he said that it just made him feel so good to see that which he hath."To everyone who buries his

something move on its own power, without his having talents life says, "Take therefore the talent from him, to push it. and give it to him who has ten talents."It is a great

We ought to "make up our minds"about our faith sin to hide one's light under a bushel, and it is one of and then back up our convictions with our whole the greatest Christian virtues to "arise and shine,"for hearts. The difference between half a heart and a our light will come only as our need, desire, and

whole heart makes the difference between signal deactivity shall call it forth.

feat, and wonderful victory. Someone said that a An explorer was once traveling through a cold

"tired businessman"is one whose business is not Arctic winter night. He was not particularly uncomsuccessful; and a tired church worker is one whose fortable, but as he proceeded he felt a sluggish,

heart is not in what he is doing. drowsy feeling coming over him. He decided to lie

One is not always "lost"because he does wrong; down and rest. Then all of a sudden he realized he

he may be "lost"merely bewas freezing to death. The

cause he does nothing. Negthought so startled him that

lect itself is often fatal, just MORNING IN MARCH he got up and began to run as a man who has been poiwith all his might. The exby Jean Mergard

soned needs only to neglect citement and vigorous exerto take the antidote, and he This morning someone tapped upon my tion quickened the heart will die. door action and he soon had a

Faith without works is While I was busy cleaning for the week; good supply of warm blood

dead; when we try to isolate But loath to stop before a visitor circulating through his body.

Shouldfaith from its appropriate find me thus, I took a curtained Then the danger was past. peek.

task, it always dies. Faith And there in dress of ruffled crocusyellow, His life had been saved becannot survive without acDappled with violets, and with a ring cause he "got up"and intivity. When the proper Twined in her hair of dogwood blooms creased his activity.

activity is absent, death mistmellow, This experience has its comes to our leadership, our Was our almost forgotten neighbor, Spring. counterpart in our spiritual

tasks left waiting, eagerly I raced My affairs. It is not uncommon adore; welcome oneconvictions, our faith, our To we utterly

knowledge, our skills, our But hardly had the two of us embraced, to see spiritual lethargy regood habits, and our testiWhen Winter blew me back and slammed sembling the numbness that monies. And every man who the door. precedes the death of a

refuses activity loses the beneNow I find work no longer matters much, freezing man. From this

fit that goes therewith. Newstirred with dreams by Spring's first, dread malady there is one

We generate doubts, negagentle touch. certain prevention and one

tive attitudes, and bad habits sure cure. It is the inspired

in periods of inactivity. An inactive man does not formula of Isaiah, "Get thee up—be illuminated."Run

realize his potentialities only because he will not. for your life! Get your blood circulating. Step on

Degeneration of the spirit is the failure properly to the gas. Be active. Get on the ball. Use your talents

use the faculties that God has implanted within us. to their utmost. Talk about a spiritual "wonder drug!"

Man has been compared to the old Model T Ford: Isaiah has given us a formula that can solve almost

when you turn off the engine the lights go out. all of our leadership problems and almost every other

The gospel of Jesus Christ is far more than a set problem in and out of the Church.

of great ideas; it is also a set of great activities. The Goethe said, "An idle life is death anticipated."It

letters "LDS"stand for Latterday Saints. They could is an easy thing for God to raise the dead; it is not

also stand for, "Let's do something."quite so simple to put new life in a lazy, disinterested,

If we fail in our activity, we automatically bring slothful servant of the Lord. How tragic is the opourselves under the sentence of "death by disuse."pression of the spiritual drowsiness preceding spiritual

Spirituality withers when, like an unused arm, it is decay. Then we have the feeling like one of old who

tied constantly in a sling. In all of nature, disuse is said, "Lo, I am weary in mind and weak in spirit and

as mortal a sin as abuse. The mole refuses to use its little strength is there in me."Then always comes

eyes and thereby loses its sight, just as surely as if the natural judgment saying, "Woe to him of fearful its sight were shot out by a bullet. Everyone is unheart and faint hands, for he believeth not; thereder bond for the effective use of his talents. The law for he bringeth damna- (Continued on page 186)

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thoughts for your Inspirational Talk

on... Knowledge

fintini

Knowledge must be adorned, it must have A wise man is strong; yea, a man of knowllustre as well as weight, or it will be oftener edge increaseth in strength.

taken for lead than for gold.—Proverbs 24:5

—Lord Chesterfield, Letters

Strange how much you've got to know

It is the peculiarity of knowledge that those Before you know how little you know.

who really thirst for it always get it.—Anonymous

—Richard Jeffries, Country Literature

That jewel knowledge is great riches, which

An investment in knowledge pays the best is not plundered by kinsmen, nor carried off interest. by thieves, nor decreased by giving.

—Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard—Bhavabhuti

.-: i:;:;-: <-;:.- -;< S/:,S!. M i MTflKMKMI

He said it best that knew it best. Crowns have their compass—length of days

—Francis Bacon, Essays: On Boldness their dateTriumphs their tomb—felicity, her fate—

Of nought but earth can earth make us parKnowledge, in truth, is the great sun in the taker, But knowledge makes a king most like his firmament Life and power are scattered Maker.

with all its beams.—Shakespeare,

—Daniel Webster "Epigram on King James I"

The mind of man is the world's true dimensioo; and knowledge is the measure of the Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the

mind, key to it.

—Greville—Thomas Fuller, Gnomologia

mp *. a* wmm:;s:;:;

Men are four: Knowledge is a food, and needs no less

He who knows not and knows not he knows Her temperance over appetite, to know not, he is a fool—shun him; In measure what the mind may well contain,

He who knows not and knows he knows not, Oppresses else with surfeit, and soon turns he is simple—teach him; Wisdom to folly, as nourishment to wind.

He who knows and knows not he knows, he—Milton, Paradise Lost

is asleep—wake him;

He who knows and knows he knows, he is wise—follow him! To be conscious that you are ignorant is

—Lady Burton a great step to knowledge.

"Life of Sir Richard Burton"—Benjamin Disraeli, Sybil

I MARCH 1958 1 167 I Melchizedek Priesthood

.. responsibility

Beginning in January 1958 a special assignment was them such desires for righteousness that they will given to every holder of the Melchizedek Priesthood keep the covenants made in connection with that highto do some specific things which tie in to the great est and holiest order of matrimony. No member of

youth programs of the Church. the Church, young or old, will ever perform any

Quorum officers were asked to counsel and guide single thing in this life as important as marrying the the members of their quorums in these special items right person, in the right place, by the right authority.

so that all brethren would understand the program Eternal marriage is the gate to exaltation in the kingand be in a position to get the best results. dom of God.

In this connection, at all stake priesthood leadership In the process of preparing our youth to enter this meetings held in conjunction with quarterly confercelestial order, many also will be trained for misences during the first quarter of 1958, the youth prosionary service and for positions of leadership in the grams of the Church are being reviewed, and church organizations, and they will gain a fixed desuggestions are being made as to how the whole termination to keep the standards of the Church.

Church can unite to guide and save the rising generaAs part of this preparatory schooling, young men tion. At these leadership sessions the aim has been have the Aaronic Priesthood conferred upon them;

to train leaders who can inspire a new generation to they are ordained successively as deacons, teachers, live up to gospel ideals. and priests; they learn the duties of their callings and

Now, let us remind ourselves of three things: (1) gain experience by service. The youth of both sexes

the goal toward which we are working where our participate in the Primary, Sunday School, Mutual youth are concerned; (2) those programs which the Improvement Associations, and attend seminary and

Church has to aid in this work; and (3) the specific institute classes. They are given a private, personal,

things the brethren of the Melchizedek Priesthood, and confidential interview by their bishop at least acting as individuals and quorums, can do to help once each year; and they are counseled in matters

achieve these goals. pertaining to morality, tithepaying, Sabbath observance, keeping the Word of Wisdom, missionary prepaWhat is our goal where the youth of Zion are conration, and the like. These programs work effectively,

cerned? Certainly it is to lead them along the straight and marvelous beyond belief is the good that is being

and narrow path to eternal life in the kingdom of accomplished through their united and unified efforts.

God. This means that the great aim is to prepare

them for an eternal temple marriage and to instil in But what is it that Melchizedek Priesthood holders

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iiligil;

for the youth

have been asked to do to aid and support these youth which the Lord had revealed for their blessing and programs and to lead the rising generation to celesultimate salvation. Then he gave this marvelous

tial marriage and eternal life? direction:

Obviously, every man who has been matured and "Hear, O Israel: The Lord our God is one Lord:

seasoned in the Church to the point of receiving the "And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine higher priesthood will seek opportunities to support heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.

and give guidance to the young people's organizations. "And these words, which I command thee this day,

Many brethren are asked to serve as advisers in the shall be in thine heart:

Aaronic Priesthood quorums, as general secretaries, "And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy chilon troop committees, and as teachers in the auxiliary dren, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine organizations. house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when

Certainly every parent will see to it that his chilthou liest down, and when thou risest up.

dren get the full benefit of the programs the Church "And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine offers to the youth. Faithful fathers will take their hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine

sons to priesthood meeting; and their sons and daugheyes.

ters to Sunday School and Sacrament meeting. They "And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy

will see that they go to Primary and Mutual, that they house, and on thy gates."(Deut. 6:1, 4-9. Italics

get the benefit of the scouting program, and that they added.)

are properly enrolled in the seminary and institute classes available to them. What better counsel could the elders of Israel reThe values and benefits of youth participation in ceive than this where the teaching of the principles

the programs of the Church will be a matter of of righteousness to their children is concerned?

thoughtful consideration when the family studies and If the brethren of the Melchizedek Priesthood plays together on home evening. Conversation will would set an example of right living, if they would

be directed along these same lines at the dinner and teach their children the truths of the gospel, if they breakfast tables, on family outings, and whenever a would encourage their children to participate in all wise parent sees a proper opportunity. the programs and organizations of the Church, then

When Moses neared the end of his mortal ministry nearly every young person in the Church would be with ancient Israel, he reviewed before them "the prepared for temple marriage and all the blessings commandments, the statutes, and the judgments,"that flow from it.

MARCH 1958 169 The Presiding

,...........

Bishopric 's

"BE WITH AND STRENGTHEN"them to do, rather than satisfying their own desires, the spirit of repentance is at work. Those shackled

Of all duties outlined by the Lord for ward teachers, by habits difficult to overcome are in many instances no responsibility is more challenging than the charge unable to liberate themselves in their fight against to "be with and strengthen"the members. To "be the forces of evil without your help. When those

with"suggests more than casual acquaintance. In who have been weak elevate their aims and their

the case of those who are indifferent to the gospel, ideals and live better by doing better, it is evident it means contact at frequent intervals. In order to you have strengthened them.

understand the problems of those who are not close to the Church, it is necessary for ward teachers to SENIOR MEMBERS know what their chief interests are, their aims, their

VOICE CONTROLSambitions, and their ideals. These essentials are not

learned during brief visits of fifteen or twenty minANGER RESPONSES utes once each month, but through an association of "A soft answer turneth away wrath."(Proverbs

such frequency that all come to understand each other 15:1.)

thoroughly and enjoy a companionable friendship. These wise words from the pen of Solomon, whom

To strengthen the members is to establish them God blessed with wisdom, are a key to social unity more firmly in the Church; to gain their confidence and understanding. This technique is that of a peaceand win their affection; to implant in their hearts maker. It paves the way for friendly discussions that

faith; to help them gain assurance of the divinity of otherwise may never reach fruition. It should be a

God's work; and to have them look forward with stock in trade for group advisers to senior members

eager anticipation to your coming. Ward teachers of the Aaronic Priesthood. It should be used whenbegin to achieve this high objective when they have ever occasion demands.

constant concern for the wellbeing of those who The voice is somewhat a governor to control the need them. How do you feel about those who are emotions, not only of the one addressed, but of the

solicitous of your welfare, who stand by you in disapindividual who speaks as well. It is evidenced by

pointment, who share your sorrows, and who rejoice observation that one who is angry naturally speaks with you when you succeed? with a loud voice, and that one who speaks softly

It is no small task to lead back into activity those will not become angry.

who have lost their way. When ward teachers think Research tests objectively made over telephone and

and pray about how to reactivate those whom they intercommunication systems indicate that degrees of teach, the spirit of their office and calling is resting loudness of answers to given questions were in exact upon them. The muscles of the body are strengthened proportion to the loudness or softness of the voice of

through exercise and use. Likewise, members who are the interrogator. A loud voice in the tests invariably

weak in the faith are strengthened through participabrought a loud response; the softspoken word was

tion in Church activities. just as sure to initiate a soft response.

To inspire someone to finer endeavor is a real acThe group adviser who can control his own emotions complishment. When those you teach are possessed by the control of his own voice can control the emoof the spirit of wanting to do what the Lord wants tion and voice responses of those to whom he speaks.

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS "Otherwise he shall not be accepted of the bishop

APRIL 1958 of Zion.

"And now, verily I say unto you, let every elder

Your Membership Record who shall give an account unto the bishop of the church in this part of the vineyard be recommended

Every Latterday Saint should understand the worth by the church or churches, in which he labors, that of his membership record. This document contains he may render himself and his accounts approved in

proof of membership in this great Church. This recall things."(D&C 72:1719.)

ord plus personal worthiness faithfully demonstrated It became the policy of the Church for every membefore the bishop of the ward are necessary before we ber to carry his certificate. Through the years changes

can enjoy the privileges of full fellowship in the and improvements were made until the present sysChurch. This important record should be on file in tem of filing was adopted. This document is not only

the ward record of members, in the ward of our resi- a means of identification, but it also includes a record dence. Without it we cannot obtain a recommend for of birth, blessing, baptism, confirmation, ordinations

ordinance work or marriage in the temple; a recomto the priesthood, names of parents, name of spouse,

mend for a patriarchal blessing; receive appointment date of marriage, and names of children.

to serve as a stake or ward officer; or receive authoriza- A duplicate copy of each membership record is

tion to ordain anyone to the priesthood, perform bapkept in a master file in the membership department tisms and confirmations, or bless babies. of the Presiding Bishopric's office. This file includes

The membership record is of divine origin. In the the record of members of this Church residing anyearly days of the Church, when members began movwhere in the world.

ing from one place to another, local Church leaders The head of each family should seek an appointment had no ivay of knowing the standing and worthiness with the ward clerk to inspect his membership record, of those claiming membership in the Church who and those of his family, to make sure the genealogy were strangers to them. The need of some official is complete in every detail. When moving from one

credential was increased when members began moving ward to another, he should make known to ward to Missouri where they hoped to obtain an inheritance teachers his new address and the name of the ward in Zion. To avoid confusion and deception the Lord if it is known. Upon arrival in the new ward, he

revealed the method of establishing proper identificashould promptly get in touch with the ward clerk, tion of members as follows: requesting his membership and those of his family

"A certificate from the judge or bishop in this part to be transferred.

of the vineyard, unto the bishop in Zion, rendereth Since we are to be judged out of the books, there every man acceptable, and answereth all things, for is reason to believe one of those books will contain an inheritance, and to be received as a wise steward our membership record. It will be to our advantage

and as a faithful laborer; if it is complete and accurate in every detail.

MONTPELIER THIRD WARD month. This represents a near perfect record of visits to availWard teachers of the Montpelier Third Ward, Montpelier able families each month. During this period every ward teachStake, recently completed the eighth consecutive year of leading district was reported each month at report meeting. The

ing their stake in ward teaching. During this period, an averPresiding Bishopric express appreciation to these ward teachers

age of ninetyeight percent of the families were visited each as well as their leaders for this outstanding achievement.

MARCH 1958 171:i v

ilSI;w Fiction

the Prairies by Helen K. Orgill

From the backdrop of the Alberta prairies, with As the glowing western sky faded, we prepared for their seas of golden waving grain, comes this historicalour first night in the new land. A rabbit scurried to

fiction novelette. The setting is the LDS "colonies"one side of the trail, and a gopher peeked out of his

in Canada, so rich in their own history. The author burrow, taunting the intruders. Soon there was sicatches here a part of tlmt pioneer spirit. lence except for the even breathing of the rest of the

family. I lay awake. There were so many things on my

mind. I thought of Mother and the shadow that had

crossed her face when we made camp. I hoped it was

Part I only weariness. I kept remembering the little elderly

woman who from her dooryard in Montana watched

The epic story of the Mormon colonization in our passing caravan and in scarcely audible words

Canada has been overshadowed by the familiarly sung said, "God help them."Well, I wouldn't be here

saga of the Utah pioneers. The color, the sweep of long. Like Uncle Fred I had come to aid my parents

it, the heroism, the toil, and the suffering in the settling in getting settled. Then back to my school in Cottonof the northern country has yet adequately to be told. wood I would go.

Poverty, blinding blizzards of winter, dust of summer As I watched the yellow moon climb, I thought of on the wide immensity of the prairies, produced a my grandparents, part of a band of pioneers crossing distinct type, a vigorous and able race. A deep sense the plains and weathering the hardships in early Utah.

of law and order was brought to them by the Mounted Now destiny was shaping its productive forces in the

Police, who carried an ideal of quick and sure judgsecond generation, with Uncle Will farming in the ment. Cardston district and Father finally yielding himself

The first LDS settlers came into Canada in 1887 with to a similar design.

little real knowledge of the country. Not many had We were welcomed in true pioneer fashion in the

money or equipment. But led by faith, trusting in town of Cardston. Aunt Mattie proceeded at once to

themselves and a Higher Power, they flourished. Our make a batch of cream soda biscuits that we might try

family, the Bradleys, set out in the springtime after out her famous serviceberry preserves.

the turn of the century. The middle of May found We met revered and wellloved President Edward

us camped near Twin Lakes. J. Wood and his counselors in the stake, Thomas Duce

Eagerly our tenyear-old Johnny looked around one and Sterling Williams. ";

morning and inquired, "How far up on the map are We had our eyes on the picturesque Lee's Creek for we now, Pa?"a building site, until Uncle Will explained, "Quite a

"Just inside Canada."Father beamed as he few had the same idea, but the flood several years

stretched his tall, spare frame. ago settled that question."

"If we get lost, who will find us?"asked fouryear- Our attention narrowed to a farm on the east bank

old Harlan. of the St. Mary's River, the waters of which had been

Chuckling, father explained, "We'll soon be in Cardrecently turned into a new canal. Scuffing up the

ston, Son. No chance of getsoil, Uncle Fred observed, "Dark loam with a fair

ting lost."share of sand and a trace of clay."

All forenoon the Uncle Fred, who had ac- "Yes,"Uncle Will added, "and from six to eighteen blizzard raged, filling companied us to drive a inches deep it's laid, with heavy strata of clay—ideal

the house with loam team, spoke thoughtfully, "No for farming and stock raising."

and almost smothering the cattle.... lack of pasturage, certainly."Father looked over the land and seemed to drink

MARCH 1958 173 WAKE OF THE WIND

by Marian Schroder Crothers

When the great March winds come roaring down,

Sweeping along the streets of the town,

Lifting, with prying fingers, the leaves

That still are heaped under barren trees,

March's vibrant melody is a call

To the sleeping jonquils by the wall,

Who lift gold cups to a cloudstarred sky,

In wake of the wild wind, passing by.

into his soul what he saw. Mother was lighted up by Father finished the ploughing and after the dragging

his eyes, with the glowing warmth of a wife deeply operation seeded eighty acres. Then one day, Uncle

in love with her husband. As for me, I felt an emptiWill came with four horses and the big breaking

ness in my breast, a longing, pulling homesickness for plough. There was something epic about the breakUtah. I looked at Mother—tall and slender, deep ing season. It was sad to see the colorful wild flowers

blue eyes, dark hair curled softly about her face. go under and fascinating to watch the grass slowly

I left her and Pa examining the house and strolled veering away from the ploughshares. Johnny, Harlan,

along the nearby river. The bronze of last year's and I raked and burned the brush as gophers scolded

leaves glistened beneath the cottonwood trees and from the swells. And with the silent welding of sunflakes of mica shone on the rocks and gravel. The set and the majesty of evening, we stood gazing at

water flowed flush with the banks. what had been accomplished. Content, Father scooped

"The house is just a shell of pine boards,"Mother up a handful of soil, saying, explained to me when I returned. "It needs reinforc- "Dark living gold, and as Uncle Jesse Knight says,

ing to make it habitable. Uncle Fred is staying a few 'food for the hungry, work for the idle, and peaceful

days to help your pa with it."sleep at night.'

Soon the sparsely furnished house was home, by Love kindled depths in Mother's eyes, making her reason of Mother's presence. face beautiful as she answered, "So right you are,

"It looks as if you, Johnny, will have to start ploughJames."

ing up the stubble. Every day will count, you know,""One hundred sixty acres, a fee of only ten dollars,

Father announced. I offered my help. and it's mine, with reasonable cultivation and living

Ploughing here was a far cry from ploughing up the upon it, and then later a preemption."

garden back home. The wet stubble was matted with "Yes, Canada favors the honest homesteader,"said

wild rosebushes and buckbrush, which rolled up beUncle Will. "A man can make an entry the day he

tween the coulter standard, throwing the share right enters the Dominion, but before receiving the full out of the ground. It took the two of us to back up benefit of the homestead law, he's required to take

and get started again. As the sun rose, the flies were the oath of allegiance to the government. It takes

savage, driving the frenzied horses to turn and twist only three years to become a citizen. Think of what

their tails over the lines. In an effort to kick their a bonanza that is to our boys, James! What an opportormenters, they sometimes jumped astride the tunity!"

traces. Ground sparrows darted up from the stubble, The rocky places had been circled by a big plough.

and ants crawled across the ploughed ground. Little Going out in midmorning to take refreshment to

granaries of wheat, gathered by the gophers and field Father the day he started picking rock, I noticed a mice, were spread broadcast. And all the time the young man with him.

wind, wind that blew dirt in your eyes and hair, be- "Diane, this is Ben Amussen. His homestead joins

tween your teeth, tickled your throat, and roared in ours on the south. He's helping me with the stony

your ears after you went in the house. ground."

"I'll soon be taken for one of those Indian girls from Pushing back his hat and showing a mat of blond the reservation west of Cardston,"I exclaimed, looking hair, the young man smiled and nodded, "Pleased to in the kitchen mirror. "And an insurance man who meet you, Miss Diane."

saw me in the barnyard said, 'Where is your dad, my After returning the introduction, I said, "A hard boy?'My hair was tied up in a cap, and I wore a job you've set out to help Dad with."

pair of Johnny's overalls.""Wind and storm and a field full of stones strength174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

en the muscles and harden the bones,"he exclaimed same today. Our prophet, Joseph F. Smith, speaks

as the powerful flanks of his team sloped downward with the power of the Lord. We are blessed if we

with a quiver of muscles, buckling fore and hind are obedient."

hoofs. Then came the upward strain, when the

boulders and bubbles of earth flew aside. After the The early sown wheat was showing a tinge of green

short sucking sound came the faintly sweet smell of over the brown earth, when a wind came up from the earth that embedded it. At sunset, little seemed the southwest with tremendous fury. It caught up

done, though the rock pile had grown. the soil from the fields, forming a cloud hundreds of

Sunday was ward conference. We needed spiritual feet high, darkening the sky, and turning noon into

refreshment and President Wood with his faithful dusk. All forenoon the blizzard raged, filling the

officers were there to give it to us. Brother Benedickt house with loam and almost smothering the cattle

Amussen was sustained as musical director, and I was that were outside. The exposed roots of the tender

asked to be organist. grain withered and died. Father fell into a despairing

"We are glad you are here,"President Wood spoke mood. The fact that our field had been carefully

to me from the stand. pulverized made our loss the greater.

"I'll be glad to help while I am here,"I answered. "Look at the Jensen's land,"he said, "It's not so

Afterwards he sought me out. "This is really wonbad. He didn't work his like we did."Forty acres

derful,"he began. "The ward needs a good organist. had to be reseeded.

You can do so much for the young people, too."We all attended the dance in the little frame meet-

"But President Wood, I won't be here long. I have inghouse Friday evening. Returning to my seat after

my school in Utah to go back to."a quadrille with Ben, Mother said, "He's fair like a

"How fine that you are a teacher. We have few, very viking, and as handsome. Eyes blue as the ocean in

few Latterday Saints who are qualified to teach here. sunlight, and how he does dance!"

But the visiting government inspector can give you a "Mother, you're as dreamyeyed as some of those permit."young girls."

I tried to speak, but he went on, "Your father re- "Well, anyway, if I were young again—."I looked

ceived a call from President Joseph F. Smith to settle away from her searching gaze. Father came over

here in Canada. To make it official I'll see that you and announced, "We'll be going, Diane. Ben will

receive one, also. It'll be a mission, you know."accompany you home."

"President Wood, I cannot accept the call. My "And who made these arrangements?"

fiance is a young man back home.""Well, I just mentioned to him that we were leaving

"Have him come up here."early and that probably you would like to remain

It seemed useless to explain to this urgent, insistent until the dance is over."

man, this great leader, that Stanley, to whom I was "And of course he offered to take me home? Oh

unofficially engaged, was a student in Salt Lake City. well, I'll stay."

But all during the solemnity of that Sabbath, PresiThe fiddle and small reed organ seemed primitive dent Wood's words kept ringing in my ears. Under music to dance to, but after weeks spent on the farm,

him, the Saints seemed ready for anything life had to it was pleasurable. Afterwards, seated beside me in

offer. I wished that Stan were coming for me sooner, the comfortable low swung buggy, Ben flicked a rein

that his visit weren't so many weeks away. across the tails of the deepchested grays, and we

Days of heat followed in this exuberant month of were off for home. He explained, "I traveled crossJune. The grain grew before our eyes, and there was country coming, but the road is easier riding."

an intoxication about the air, a superabundant glow "And quite a bit longer."

and throb in nature. I helped put up wild hay in the "Yes, if you don't mind."

corner of the homestead land. I was becoming hope- "Not at all."We both smiled.

lessly sunburned, my hands were calloused and my In and out of grassy wagon ruts, passing the battlehair lay flat and lusterless with dust. Working from ments of cottonwoods along the river road, we headed

sunup until eight or nine at night gave me little time toward the darkening scroll of hills. I was grateful

to think of my appearance. for Ben's quiet manner as we rode on. I felt an ex-

"How do you feel about this calling a person to go hilaration sweeping over me that I had never before to far places to settle?"I inquired of Father during experienced. This great wild country was like a

a breathing spell in the hayfield. somnolent empire—Alberta, hardly as yet having an

"Daughter,"he began thoughtfully, "Brigham Young identity, hardly born. Vast glades, prairies unfenced,

gave these calls for setting up missions, but the peo- a grim uncharted wilderness, pasture for countless ple knew it was God speaking through him. It's the cattle, and grain fields. (Continued on page 180)

MARCH 1958 175 Honest, intelligent, creative teaching is the finest of fine arts. Teaching the gospel of Jesus Christ is supreme in the art of teaching.

A stimulating legend which comes to us from Greek mythology is the story of Pygmalion and Galatea.

Pygmalion, a sculptor of Cypress, was a master of his art. Creator of many beautiful pieces, he one day

set his hand to sculpture his one great masterpiece.

He would create a magnificent statue of a woman.

He would seek to capture in marble the beauty of form, feature, and expression of a goddess. Pygmalion

worked unceasingly, wielding hammer and chisel with deft and sharp incision. As the useless fragments and

chips of marble collected on the floor, a beautiful form emerged. So appealing was she, so great was

the effort and devotion, love, and skill that Pygmalion had lavished upon his work that the gods decreed sheshould have life. Pygmalion named this exquisite Teaching,

creation Galatea. They each one loved the other,

and so they were married. Artistic skill, love, and

devotion had brought his work to life. Though the story of Pygmalion and Galatea is only the finest

a myth, it bespeaks a provoking lesson for teachers.

A teacher may exceed mere mechanics and become an artist. A mechanic knows his trade and applies

his tools skilfully. More than mechanics, art is creation. The artist catches the vision and importance of the

of his work. He envisions more than just what is;

he sees what can be. He stamps his imprint upon

all he touches; it forever bears his influence.

If one is to achieve excellence in teaching, as in fine any other fine art, basic principles must be applied. As

the sculptor must know his stone, so the teacher must know his students. As the sculptor must have specific

tools, so the teacher must master pedagogy. As the artssculptor must "see"in the stone the complete work

of art, so the teacher must envision in the student the bvJ A. Ted Tuttle

potential and the purpose of his teaching. Beyond Supervisor of Seminaries

these qualities the true artist feels a spirit of devotion and Institutes and dedication seldom if ever felt by the mechanic.

Silent inert stone has a life quality to the sculptor. Conducted by

Each piece of stone has different possibilities and The Unified capabilities. The Madonna would be carved in CarChurch School System

rara marble, while the Equestrian, Napoleon astride

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a sturdy charger, would be carved in granite. The sensibilities awaken to the eternal values in life. Useartist adjusts his design to fit the possibility of the less habits fall away like fragments of marble to the

material. Though mute, a stone tells the master floor as a more Christlike life appears. Lives begin

sculptor what it ought to be. to take form in a pattern of thought and action in

The great Michelangelo once passed a building harmony with God's design for eternal life.

under construction and noticed a discarded stone. He To the sculptor tools become extensions of his

inquired as to its value. "It is useless,"he was told, fingers. By constant training and experience the tools

"for it has been marred in the quarrying process."respond more and more accurately to the work de-

"Not so,"said Michelangelo, "I see an angel immanded of them. Some seem to respond better than

prisoned there, and I must free it."This vision, others; they cut clearly; they fit and balance in the

brought to life by genius, became the immortal statue grasp. They become reliable and trusted friends, but

of David. never masters. Although the sculptor is dependent

The teacher with genius sees in the unpolished stuupon his tools, he does not use the same ones for all dent greatness in embryo. His students come, each of his processes even if they are good tools. He uses

one different in personality and capabilities, themthe ironheaded hammer and the pitching tool for selves unaware of their own potential; unaware, too, roughing out; toothed chisels and smaller tools for

of their divine parentage as sons and daughters of finish work. Prominent among his tools are a piece

heavenly parents. of wet, soft stone for rubbing tools whenever they get

Long ago, Confucius challenged all teachers with dull, a file, and a grindstone.

this thought: So with the teacher's pedagogy. Different tech-

"I will not be afflicted at men's not knowing me; niques have to be mastered. Selecting the method to

"I will be afflicted that I do not know men."fit the situation, the master artist strives for simplicity

One has to know students in order to teach them. in teaching. All the techniques of teaching, the variThe artist studies his students incessantly. He knows ous audio and visual aids, object lessons, flannelboard

not only their names; he knows also their home condidisplays, lectures, reports, and tests, all these are but

tions, their parents, brothers and sisters, their goals, means to an end—to touch the human heart.

fears, and friends. He knows who are the leaders Continual use of tools dulls the cutting edge. Efand the followers. He knows their nicknames and fective teaching demands constant preparation, dewhy they have them. Thus, knowing them, he pervelopment of new techniques, practice, and expericeives a depth of meaning to their questions. His mentation. As any artist, the teacher should become

careful study and astute observation of human nature his own severest critic and continually evaluate the teaches him why students think and act as they do. processes of his teaching to make certain the tools of

Equally as important, he accepts them as they are his profession are sharp, precise, and appropriate.

and where they are. His creation with them begins "He only moves toward the perfection of his art

at that point. whose criticism surpasses his achievement."Leonardo

The artist remembers that others, too, are influencda Vinci.

ing the student's life. Physical, social, psychological, A student, unlike marble, is pliable. He responds

and intellectual factors all force constant impressions more positively to impressions than to incisions. Teachupon the youth. The wise teacher, therefore, keeps ing is a molding—a growing into. This often necessi-

a written record of his students because, unlike the tates a "warming up"process before the molding can constant medium of the sculptor, students are conoccur. The artist senses what method to use on each

tinually changing, thus magnifying the complexity of occasion. He understands the need for the complithe teacher's art. mentary and encouraging word and knows the value

When the teacher touches the life of the student, of gentle reproof. (Continued on page 204)

MARCH 1958 177 in one respect—both are limited. The variety of food

is as unchangeable as the tribal customs. Fresh milk

and citrus fruits particularly are seldomenjoyed luxuries.

A transformation in Florence as startling as the eruption of a cocoon into a butterfly developed, however, as the time neared for the beginning of school.

Under the direction of the leaders of the Indian

Student Placement Program, Relief Society Social

Service and Child Welfare Department, Florence, along with several hundred other school children on the Navajo Reservation, including two of her sisters A Navajo and one of her brothers, was a candidate for another year of academic training in the Utah schools. In

order to meet the necessary qualifications, Florence in our had to show satisfactory progress in her previous schooling, pass a rigid physical examination, and she had to meet several other strict requirements. Since

she had satisfactorily passed these barriers, she came to live with our family for another school year. Home

As she crossed our front doorstep, she shed her by L. Dean Lee, Bishop, Salem Ward, tribalhold. customsAlthoughandshedonnedis a quietthe customsgirl and ofdoesour nothousedi- Spanish Fork Stake

vulge her thinking readily, it is apparent that her adjustment from tribal life to our life is anticipated with much happiness. When the time comes at the

end of the school year for her to rejoin her family, we perceive that if the choice were hers to make she would hesitate to go. She loves her family, but she

Last fall, while our children of school age were fears that she will not speak the Navajo language busily preparing for the opening of school, another sufficiently well to please her father. She knows that

school girl faraway in Arizona was anticipating ather baby brother will not remember her. She knows

tending the same school with our children here in too well she must leave many conveniences and priSalem, Utah. Her anticipation, however, was under vacies behind. Nevertheless, we know that she will

vastly different circumstances. uncomplainingly accept her lot, keeping her fears,

Fifteen yearold Florence Boyd is one of nine chilher hopes, her unfulfilled desires to herself. This

dren of a Navajo family living near the Copper Mine amazing, stalwart quality of character is but one of

Trading Post in Cameron, Arizona, in the heart of the the many bouquets which she has strewn about our vast, arid Navajo Reservation. Florence's manner and household.

appearance during last summer, did little to indicate Florence has been exceptionally clean in her perthat she had attended the school of the white man sonal habits, keeping her black hair in beautiful arin Utah for three school years. Her purple velvet rangement for every day of school and Sundays. She

skirt, bright blouse, her Navajo language, and her has assumed her share of the household duties effinative mannerisms were strictly in accord with Navajo ciently and well. In respect to household chores,

tribal customs. however, she is not willing to take too much initiative

In the Boyd home, the father does not speak and is likely to balk if she happens to be working

English, even though the mother and children do. while our girls are not. Accordingly, we try to arrange

Nevertheless, in complete obedience to the father's working schedules alike for all members of the family.

desires, nothing but the native tongue is used in the After all, are Navajo teenagers so different from our household. own teenagers in that respect?

The Boyd family lives in a small frame home, much This experience has undoubtedly contributed greatbetter than a primitive skinand-pole shelter. Howly to the cultural life of Florence Boyd, but she has

ever, compared to the living standards of the white also contributed much to our household. In this

man, their home is extremely crowded and inconparticular case we have found that those who share venient. The family purse and diet are synonymous also receive.

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Organist wants to know How will the organ respond...

what are its musical capabilities,.. is it a standard instrument?

Bishop wants The to know—How The Finance Chairman wants to will the enhance organ know—What about the business atmosphere, provide the inspiringspiritual

facts... dollarfor-dollar value, stimulation of sacred music at its

maintenance costs, warranty of perjest.'

formance?

Buying a new organ is an important investment

it takes

objective

thinking

Thousands of churches have chosen Baldwin for the solution of their music problem..

Send for this valuable book of facts today... Buying a new organ is such an

The Baldwin Electronic Organ important investment that you'll want to

Model 5A know all the facts before making your decision. Facts for the organist... facts for the

finance chairman... facts for the bishop...

all these are thoroughly covered in Baldwin's

America's first family in music new booklet—"Questions and Answers."

Before you buy an organ, mail coupon below for this helpful booklet.

$ta(tooin The Baldwin Piano Company

PIANOS Building T-158, Cincinnati 2, Ohio Name

Sendbooklet—my copy"Questionsof the newand Answers"—informative Address.

about Baldwin Organs. City..Zone..State.

MARCH 1958 179 Northward Ho the Prairies view the countryside. Mother put raised in the Great Basin. People

up a lunch, and we sat on a shady made of the right stuff welcome the (Continued) Hard as I tried to river bank to eat it. The brilliant, opportunities of this country. They

forget them, President Wood's words fiery tiger lilies had burned out to even enjoy the loneliness."

sang in my mind to the rhythm of pallid tapers, while across the river I was sure, after what happened the horses'hoofs and the swing of wild roses were whitening in the the next day, that Stan would feel the buggy. "This is a mission, Diane. sun, their petals falling dry and pale he had ample proof of the country's

This is a mission."among tangled weeds and shaggy undesirability. After a hot spell,

"Ben,"I spoke to interrupt my goldenrod. with a sudden darkening of the sky,

thoughts. "Do you like it here?""Land, rich prairie land, and men a wind whirled out of nowhere to

"Why, yes. Anyone, I think, and women who are learning what blow across the barnyard, sending

would want to make a home on these to do with it."Stan arose, looking the chickens scuttling to the coop,

prairies."first in one direction and then anwhile the pigs gave out frightened

A rabbit scurried to the side of other. I noticed his fashionably cut squeals. Men were seen running

the road ahead, and out of Milk brown sport tweeds, a perfect fit, from the fields, watching the storm

River Ridge a coyote sang its lonely as was his tan linen shirt. His keen as it came steellike against a yeldirge to the moon to the accompanibrown eyes were somber when for lowish sky. First there were drops

ment of the wind. a moment his gaze met mine. As of rain; then, like a scattering of

The day of the excursion train's I glanced toward the river, he spoke salt, the hailstones fell. They seemed

arrival had come at last. So much again, "The St. Mary's River, sculpto be getting bigger, pounding like

had happened since I last saw Stanturing its patient course out of drumbeats on the roof. The air

ley. "Goodness, Mother, of all times glacial drift and boulder clay."was chilly, as though coming from

for us to have a visitor!"I said as I With the cry of a catbird in the the Rockies. Afterwards the peoslipped into a white blouse, soft bushes, it seemed that we were in ple drove out to see what the damgray tweed skirt, and sandals. a strange and unreal world, each of age was. The grain looked as if it

"We know Stan well, my child. us intent on his own thoughts. Stan had been chewed up, an ugly sight,

He'll understand that we are just brought us back by saying, "You've with hailstones covering the ground.

getting a foothold in this new counchanged, Diane."After inspecting our crops, it was

try.""I know. At my first dance here, Mother who broke the silence of

I drove the democrat buggy to the I laughed and chatted a lot, as we our despair.

depot in Cardston. The platform always did back home. I saw the "There's another year coming. Of

was crowded with relatives and girls eyeing me strangely. I supcourse, it's going to be bad, but we

friends in happy anticipation of repose now I've become like them, are made to stand things."

union with passengers. Leaning the prairie type."Her companion stood looking

against the wall of the dark red "In such a short time?"down at her, his dark hair springing

station, I watched the train rushing "It's true, though. Maybe you from his forehead, his face etched

forward, light flashing from polished don't understand what I mean by with sun, wind, and dust. His heavy

spots on the rails, the high plume of this 'type.'It isn't unhappiness eyebrows were contracted. Just

white steam rising to the sky as it that makes these people seem difreaching his shoulder, Mother had whistled to warn us. Then with a ferent, more subdued in their manto tilt her head to look up at him.

smash of sound, the engine and ner. How can I put it into words? He held her close.

cars stopped amid the smell of steel It's the texture, the feel of the counThe next day, after a more comand smoke, and out stepped Stanley. try, the stuff of everyday; the oceanplete check of our fields, he came

The sun was setting as we aplike waving of grass and grain in into the house.

proached the farm, and although a summer; the white sweep of the "It isn't as bad as it looked yestercolorful sky overarched us, the little prairies in winter; the banks of day."

house seemed a million miles from flowers springing up a few feet from After reporting on the damage to

Utah. Damage by the terrific wind receding snow in spring; grain cars the crops, Father and Stan rode out

was everywhere evident, with scarcetoiling across the plains in the fall. again to talk to farmers, who gathly any green showing. The flowers That, and oh, so much more!"ered like survivors after a wreck.

which Mother had planted and "You talk as if you have been here I stood outside viewing the clouds, faithfully watered had withered, years instead of a month or two."dark purple and white, which sailed

while the newly planted windbreak "I've talked to those who have like ships across the sky, occasionof maple, poplar, and ash struggled been here for a long time."ally dropping brief showers. I

to live. This certainly was an inop- A cool breeze moved in, and the studied the land, musing upon its

portune time to entertain, but trees whispered around us. distinctive qualities. I wished the

Mother's smiles made up for much "Diane, I wonder how many setchildren could feel more fully their as she greeted Stan. Graciously he tlers here know that a government part in the epic march of the Church

accepted the narrow, hot little bedsurveyor turned in a report that members northward, without too room, and his interest in the piothis country, on the whole, was not soon experiencing the severe lessons neering of the country dominated good for anything but buffaloes and of life. I wondered why the sternany show of pity or distaste for the Indians."ness of their young existences had

primitive conditions. "They know, Stan, and they know not come forcibly to my mind before.

Two horses were saddled next that Jim Bridger offered one thouMy months on the farm had swept morning, and Stan and I set out to sand dollars for the first ear of corn me into philosophic doubts. My re180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

New Mountain Fuel Supply Company Building 180 East First South Street, Salt Lake City

Our new building pictured above is headquarters for our entire operations in Utah and Wyoming, where we serve 75 communities and 150,000 customers with Natural Gas—the

ideal, economical fuel for domestic and industrial purposes.

The structure has an equal frontage of 150 feet on First South and on Second East Street.

Among the features are:

A new auditorium with model kitchens for demSun resistant windows are used extensively onstration purposes. throughout. Sidewalks of colored concrete contain snowmelting coils, a safety precaution for

Floor space of approximately 70,000 square feet.

pedestrians.

Structural design will resist earthquakes of greater intensity than the San Francisco quake. Entrance to the building is through a glassedin

vestibule with automatic doors. A lounge space

The heating and cooling system is the first major is provided in the lobby and an afterhour deinstallation of its type in the area, which has pository for the convenience of customers in individual room controls. Gas is utilized to both paying gas bills.

heat and cool the building.

In this new building the latest, most modern facilities are included to render prompt, efficient service to our customers.

It is another evidence of our progress and of our faith in the continued growth of this rapidly expanding area.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serinng 75 communities in Utah and Wyoming with Natural Gas—the modern fuel for all household purposes.

MARCH 1958 181 ligious convictions were strong, but of the past, of our families, and "This in spite of the fact that I my personal plans were confused the future. Stan told of his last was a favorite of his. I understand,

and wavering. There is much of visit with my grandfather before though. But, honey, what about this

oneself woven in the past, the presleaving Utah, dear old Grandad terrible climate, these primitive conent, and something out of time all who still stood at our head as patriditions? Your best friend wouldn't

together. Many others were thinkarchal leader. His sOns, though wish that on you, knowingly. Even

ing within me, my grandparents, married, followed his counsel. I your grandfather, if he were here

who crossed the plains and helped remember the blue eyes in that old now, would change his views. He

build up early Utah, and now Father face, amazingly like a boy's, and the wouldn't want you to suffer."

and Mother, with these Saints in broad shoulders, slightly bent, the "Stan, you look at a place differCanada, were called to endure simiface framed in thick gray hair. ently when you are going to live in

lar tribulations. I felt envious of "He loves you, Diane; so much, it."

them, left out. In life, there comes he told me, that he wants you to The light seemed to fade from

a time when one must stand for remain in Canada. Does that seem his eyes and the smile from his lips

what she wants most of all or give contradictory?"as he answered, "All I want is a

it up forever. That day had come "No. For as long as I can renormal, peaceful life, a career as a

for me. I desired to be a pioneer member, Grandfather has wanted doctor, and a home with you."

schoolteacher more than I had ever all his grandchildren to make homes I looked at his hands and knew wanted anything before. here. He never tired of telling of how right was his decision. CerAfter a late dinner, I said, "Let's his two visits with Uncle Will. He tainly they were never cut out for

drive for a spell, Stan."Getting used to tell me that the young men work on a farm, and I knew that a

into the small buggy, I touched were different in this country, espegreat talent would be wasted if I

Molly with the whip. For awhile cially the young farmers. He said persuaded him to stay.

Stan and I didn't talk. Then words his wish for me was that I marry

seemed to spill from us. We spoke one."(To be concluded next month)

To Prepare the Way we would go to the places where my at Lancaster. Early that morning

ancestors came from. Equipping we "went into the old cemetery near-

(Continued) with their lives but ourselves with a microfilm camera, by hoping to find the graves of lost practically all their personal efand another special camera, and a James D. Welborn and family. The

fects and the ship's supplies. The tape recorder, we set out. cemetery was much in need of a

island supplied animals, fish, fruits, Right from the beginning and all caretaker, as the grass in places was and vegetables for food, and a mild through the trip to the last day, we over our heads. Many markers were

climate afforded fairly comfortable were divinely directed to be in a lying on the ground, so we had quite living conditions. certain place at a certain time to an experience in searching this

"The shipwrecked company, now meet the people who would give us cemetery.

reduced to a common level socially the records we were searching for.

and economically, remained on BerOne of our scheduled stops was We were disappointed not to find muda Island for nearly ten months. at Lancaster, Missouri. From some the grave we were looking for, but

In the meantime the ship's carpenold letters that had been written by since it was "Old Settlers'Day"we ters, and all other ablebodied perJames Dudley Welborn to his daughwere determined to find out by persons who could help, constructed ter Nancy Garret Welborn Hunt sonal contact all we could. While

two crude vessels, partly from mate- (the first wife of Amos Hunt), we the researcher was checking the recrial salvaged from the Sea Venture's knew that there was a strong possiords at the courthouse, I mingled wreck and partly from cedar timbers bility that we would find the grave among the crowds asking questions.

which they felled on the Island of of this man nearby, as he mentioned Little by little and after many helps

Bermuda. One of them was desigin these letters that he was too old by interested people, it became apnated The Patience and the other to come to Utah to visit his children. parent that right there at Lancaster

The Deliverance. In these, all emOur researcher had already apwere several descendants of Welbarked on May 10, 1610, and arrived proached the county clerk to see born women.

at Jamestown on May 24, 1610."whether we could get the informaThis information made good sense

So many inspiring, faithpromoting tion we wanted from him by coras James D. Welborn, by a second

experiences have taken place in the respondence. He was informed that wife, Zilpha Newman, had a family

twentyone months of our research there were no records, but to show of ten daughters, but to our knowlthat it would take a book to contain that training and experience pays, edge no sons. I was finally taken to

them all. One experience of the he found records there that were an old gentleman by the name of

many that have happened to us will much needed. Here as in many Jim Hird, a descendant of one of

be given here. places we felt as though we were these Welborn girls. I was inBeing impatient to extend our guided by Him who knows all formed by him that the "Old Liberty"

lines farther and not being able to things. cemetery lay several miles away and

get the information we needed at The next day was the annual celethat he thought a Welborn was burour own library, it was decided that bration of "Old Settlers'Day"held ied there. He also informed me that

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Benefit Here's How You When You Shop Where You Get Green Stamps W

t?/ Green Stamps—given as a discount for paying cash—save you money

When you shop at a store that gives S & H Green saved by more than 100,000 women in Utah—

Stamps, you get the same quality and service, 20 million in the United States!

and the same or lower prices as elsewhere. In addition, you get S & H Green Stamps which you S & H Green Stamps benefit our economy. Through

can redeem for valuable merchandise. the exercise of thrift, the housewife is able to

improve her standard of living by obtaining artiYour merchant likes to give S & H Green Stamps cles she might not otherwise be able to afford.

because he knows they increase his volume withThis offers manufacturers increased outlets for out proportionate increase in his costs. By intheir products and more jobs for their employees.

creasing his volume he is in a better position to It also aids distribution and transportation ingive you lower prices than any other merchant. dustries.

He also has less working capital tied up in credit and, of course, saves on bookkeeping costs. You can put your confidence in S & H—the company that originated stamps, and through its

Homemakers like S & H Green Stamps. The continued reliability has grown consistently for

American housewife knows a bargain when she 61 years.

sees one. That's why S & H Green Stamps are

\ ESTABLISHEDESTAB 1896

1 Get a discount for paying cash for your p purchases in the form of S & H Green Stamps *fj

Trade with efficient, progressive hometown merchants who give you something extra when you shop. Look for the sign that says "We Give S & H

Green Stamps"proudly displayed by nearly 600 Utah Retailers.

The oldest and most reliable stamp plan. S & H

MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION OF UTAH dstaiilTo? hi

MARCH 1958 183 his sister, Mary Mirrell, who lived date, marriage, and death dates, and paper by which our thoughts are at Ottumwa, Iowa, fortythree miles addresses of five of her daughters faintly expressed...."

away, had the old family Bible. who were still living at her death. One cannot help knowing that this

We were wondering how we We met so many solid, fine relaman was a devout, honest Christian would be able to find this old cemetives on our trip, that I would like soul, living the gospel to the best tery, as it was out in the country to share with you an excerpt from of his knowledge. This is just one

about eight miles; but just as we a letter of James D. Welborn to his of the thousands of our forebears

started to leave, Sam Mirrell, one daughter, Nancy G. W. Hunt, first who were of the chosen seed of

of the people we had talked to the wife of Amos Hunt. As stated Israel. It will be a joyous occasion

night before, stopped us to give us earlier, through these letters that when we can meet them in person some information he had learned had been carefully preserved and as he suggested and believed, and from his mother. When we told him that came to us through the deas we know will most assuredly take

where we were headed, he said, scendants of Angeline Hunt Colman, place, if we do our part.

"Follow me."By coincidence he youngest daughter of Amos and I have had the great privilege of

was going out that way. With this Nancy, we were able to locate the being an instrument in the hands of

kind assistance we were not long in grave of James D. Welborn and get the Lord in bringing into the Church

getting to this cemetery and, to our much valuable information regardseveral honest souls, and I have rejoy, we found the final resting places ing his life and that of his family. joiced greatly with them in their

of James D. Welborn and several new life, but my joy has been more

of his descendants. This made us "Lancaster, Schuyler Co., Mo. 1864 full in being a Savior on Mount

very happy, since it gave us valuable "—let us all so live that none of us Zion to many of my own ancestors.

information we were lacking. will be separated in that blessed My spirit has communed with their

To add to our joy when we visited land where all is joy and peace spirits with sweetness and harmony

Mary Mirrell we found recorded in where we shall no more take the that it is impossible for mortal the family Bible the information on parting hand O joyous hope O tongue to tell, or express in feeble all the daughters of J. D. Welborn blessed thought how it cheers my words. If one wants to experience

and Zilpha Newman, their births, poor heart to think of meeting you that joy that passeth all understandmarriages, and to whom, and even on canons happy shore How the ing, then let him search out his anthe deaths of some. We also found Kindred zeal burns in my bosom for cestors, go into our heavenly Father's

among Mary Mirrell's gleanings a reyou You whom I have so often house, and give to them all the savport of Zilpha N. Welborn celebratdandled on the knees of parental afing ordinances of the gospel from

ing her eightyfifth birthday at Winfection. May I not hope that I shall baptism to the crowning blessings

field, Kansas. She died (according again see some or all of you again of the sealing of husbands to wives

to an obituary notice also in Mary's in the flesh. How glad would we and of children to parents, not just

possession ) at age 86 years 5 months all be to converse with you but now until death separates them but for 7 days. This report gave her birth we can only converse on this silent time and all eternity.

Thomas E. McKay of it, and it has served him well, but great creative forces. Hence, it will

like a cloak he has now laid it off be laid away for that purpose, but (Continued) others with them. because it has become incapacitated. the spirit lives, Thomas E. McKay

''And they found the stone rolled It needs the healing powers of the lives and will continue to live and away from the sepulchre. be active there as he was here."

''And they entered in, and found President David O. McKay and

not the body of the Lord Jesus. the following sisters, Mrs. George R.

* 'And it came to pass, as they were (Elizabeth) Hill, Mrs. Joel (Cathermuch perplexed thereabout, behold, ine) Ricks, Mrs. Joseph H. (Jeantwo men stood by them in shining FERNVINE AT MY WINDOW nette) Morrell, and Mrs. Thomas

garments: (Annie) Farr, survive in addition to

"'And as they were afraid, and by Maude Rubin his wife, children, and grandchilbowed down their faces to the earth, dren. This closely knit family and

they said unto them, Why seek ye Its naked young tendril the entire Church sorrow at the passliving thethe at dead? ing of Elder among McKay. Taps window Thomas Evans my

is its is risen: renot here, the long the gentleman, ''He but Curling always neck in leafAlways

member how he spake unto you less decision. respecter of persons, Elder McKay

when he was yet in Galilee.'(Luke High and higher it reaches, will be missed, but the force of his

24:1-6.) Tapping with the wind. influence will be felt in the lives of

"Why seek ye the living among Tapping. Tapping... those whom he has known and led

the dead?'The body of Brother A soft green metronome to a greater understanding of the

McKay is here. He has taken care To measure Spring. abundant life.

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -.,'

Postum is the natural whole grain drink

try healthful hearty, for a you're drink... looking When

J0 5.iroiiv* -,

cereals, slowwhole-grain from Postum Postum. is made

roasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes Another fine product

so good... and it's so good for you POSTUM from General Foods.

100% coffeefree 's

MARCH 1958 185 "Get thee up...be ual accomplishment. "You can lead them into our muscles, our nervous

a running stream, but what can you system, and our blood stream. Not

illuminated"do with a stagnant pool?"only should we set our light upon

Because of their importance, we the hill, but we should see to it that (Continued) tion to his own ought to write these thrilling words it burns brightly enough to do some soul."Such a one also tends to of Isaiah across our minds, engrave good. "Arise and shine, for thy light

bring damnation to the souls of all them in our hearts, and then get is come."

of those for whom he has leadership responsibilities, for "as with the priest, so with the people."We may

"mislead"as well as lead. When we Christ Is Crucified mob, justice, mercy, and truth mean

do wrong, then Luciferlike, we draw nothing.

others away after us. "Away with this man,"they deThere are a great many stowaways ( Continued ) Galilean! What luck. manded, "and release unto us Barabin the Church who hide out in spirHere was an out. He would send bas."

itual idleness hoping to make the him to Herod, the ruler of Galilee, Again Pilate tried to influence journey without either working or who was in Jerusalem at the time. them, but his pleas were greeted

paying their way. He should judge him. with wild shouts, "Crucify him,

Woe to him who has lost his iniHerod had long wanted to see crucify him."

tiative! Woe to him who develops Jesus, hoping that he could get him "Why,"the governor countered,

battle fatigue! Woe to him who to perform some miracle. But Jesus "what evil hath he done? I have

does nothing! The law says, "Get greeted his questions and accusafound no cause of death in him: I

thee up—be illuminated."The altions of the priests and scribes with will therefore chastise him, and let

ternative is to stay down and be stony silence. "The old fox,"as him go."

eliminated. Spiritual death is banJesus had once referred to Herod, But the mob, now completely out

ishment from the presence of God. would get no satisfaction from him. of control, was insistent.

Someone prayed, "O mighty God, "And Herod with his men of war "Crucify him,"they raved.

hear the voice of one forlorn, and set him at nought, and mocked him, Mob rule won over reason, and deliver me from my sloth."But God and arrayed him in a gorgeous robe, Pilate released Barabbas. But he

has done more than that. He has and sent him again to Pilate."seemingly thought there might still

put in our own hands the power to Meanwhile Pilate had been doing be a chance to change the minds deliver ourselves. The secret is just some planning of his own. He was of the multitude. If they had any

to get started. Solomon said, "With convinced that Jesus was innocent compassion at all in their souls, a

all thy getting get understanding."and that the Jewish leaders wanted scourging of this man would bring

Then someone who must have been him killed because of "envy."Now it to the surface. So he turned the

a little wiser than Solomon, said, inasmuch as it was the custom for Savior over to the Roman soldiers "With all thy getting get going."the governor to set free one prisoner who took him to a public place,

Industry is the "mustard seed"that each year at the Feast of the Passprobably a whipping post where it moves mountains. Leonardo da over as a token of goodwill by the is assumed that amid the cheers and

Vinci said, "Thou, oh God, doth sell Romans to the Jews, he would give jeers of the frenzied multitude he us all good things at the price of them a choice releasing Jesus or a was lashed unmercifully with a whip labor."Goethe said that genius is prisoner named Barabbas. Barabor one of the other cruel instruments

nine tenths industry. bas was a hardened criminal. He of torture for which the Romans

It is probable that these five words had been a robber, had led an inwere famous.

from Isaiah may be to us the most surrection, and had committed murTo add to the suffering and inimportant words in scripture, for der. Given a choice, the Jews dignities they then dressed him in a

"the great end of life is not knowlwould certainly want Jesus freed. scarlet robe, placed a crown of

edge but action."It is seldom that In presenting the proposition Pithorns upon his head, bowed before

we cannot find the way, but only late made quite an eloquent plea in him and mockingly taunted him.

that we will not walk therein. J. Jesus's behalf saying: "Ye have "Hail, King of the Jews!"As if that

Allergy wrote an epitaph for himbrought this man unto me, as one were not enough, others spit upon self saying: "He lived in the world that perverteth the people: and, behim and smote him upon the head

of goingto-do but died with nothing hold, I, having examined him before with a stick.

done."you, have found no fault in this man Now Pontius Pilate was ready to

Someone said that "the fellow who touching those things whereof ye make his final try to free Jesus. Leadwatches the clock doesn't need to accuse him: ing the Savior to a point where all

worry about his future—he hasn't "No, nor yet Herod: for I sent you could see him dressed in the robe

any."to him; and, lo, nothing worthy of with the crown of thorns upon his

Matthew Arnold said that "Redeath is done unto him. head, Pilate silenced the frenzied

ligion is mortality touched by emo- "I will therefore chastise him, and multitude, and trying to play upon tion."We need an emotional generrelease him."their sympathies, he said: "Behold

ator to set industry going. We need By this time the chief priests had the man!"

a powerized testimony of the gosroused the assembled multitude to One can picture, at this point, a pel. Activity is the key to leadersuch a degree that they could not moment's silence, perhaps a slight

ship. It is the foundation of spiritbe reasoned with. To an excited hesitation on the part of the peo186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

pie. But it did not last for long. cross between two thieves, to die words, "If thou be Christ, save thySpurred on by the chief priests the the slow and unspeakable tortureself and us."To this Jesus said

chant arose. "Crucify him, crucify filled death that crucifixion brings. nothing, but when the other thief

him."Such was the fate, entirely of his rebuked the first and said to Jesus,

"Take ye him, and crucify him:"own choosing and consent, meted "Lord, remember me when thou

Pilate countered, "for I find no fault out to the Creator and Savior of the comest into thy kingdom,"Jesus anin him."world, whose every act in life was swered, "Verily I say unto thee, To

"We have a law, and by our law the personification of kindness and day shalt thou be with me in parahe ought to die,"the Jews answered, gentleness, of love, peace, and gooddise."

"because he made himself the Son will. In a little group near the cross

of God."On the cross in Hebrew, Latin, stood the three Marys—Jesus'mother,

This new charge bothered Pilate, and Greek, by order of Pilate were his aunt, and Mary Magdalene. With

and he went again into the building inscribed the words, "The King of his heart filled with compassion for where he could talk to the Savior. the Jews."The drink the soldiers the one who had given him birth

"Whence art thou?"he asked. offered him to help relieve his sufferand nurtured him in his youth he

Jesus did not answer. ing was refused. It was about nine said of John, the disciple "whom he

Pilate's patience had about reached in the morning. For some six hours loved,""Woman behold thy son."

an end. "Speakest thou not unto he hung in this pitiable condition, Then to John he said, "Behold thy

me?"he said. "Knowest thou not while life slowly ebbed away. mother!""And from that hour that

that I have power to crucify thee, Below him the soldiers cast lots disciple took her unto his own and have power to release thee?"for his clothes; the rulers and the home."

"Thou couldest have no power at multitude mocked, scoffed, and reThe next words the suffering all against me, except it were given viled him. His friends and followers Christ spoke were, "My God, my

thee from above": the Lord said; huddled in groups, unable to ease God, why hast thou forsaken me?"

"therefore he that delivered me unto his suffering. A little later when he said, "I thirst,"

thee hath the greatest sin."The first words Jesus spoke from they put to his lips a sponge soaked

Pilate was convinced, but he was the cross typified his life and his in vinegar. This was about three

not strong enough to withstand the mission. Amidst all of the agony o'clock in the afternoon. Immedemands of the mob. And when and humiliation he was enduring, diately afterwards he said, "It is

they said, "If thou let this man go, his thoughts were with his persefinished,"and "Father, into thy thou art not Caesar's friend: whocutors. "Father,"he prayed, "forhands I commend my spirit."His

soever maketh himself a king speakgive them; for they know not what head lowered, his body went limp.

eth against Caesar,"he gave in. they do."Jesus of Nazareth was dead.

Washing his hands in front of the One of the thieves on the nearby So momentous was the event that multitude, he said, "I am innocent cross taunted the Savior with the the very earth responded to it with of the blood of this just person: see an earthquake violent enough to

ye to it."crack rocks and "rent in twain"the

So the soldiers put the Savior's veil of the temple. In the Western

own clothes back on him and led Hemisphere there were great storms, him away. The sentence, death by tempests, earthquakes, fires, and

crucifixion, was to be carried out whirlwinds, along with thick darkimmediately. ness that lasted for three days.

Through the streets of the Holy But in Jerusalem the darkness

City the Lord walked for the last ended when the Savior died. The

time as a mortal. The maltreatlegs of the thieves were broken so

ment he had received had seemingly that their death would be hastened.

left him too weak to bear the cross This was not done with Jesus as his (or more likely, the crossbar from spirit had already left his body, but it, as was the custom) so a man by to make sure of his death, one of the name of Simon carried it for the soldiers pierced his side with a him. By this time all Jerusalem spear.

must have known of the proceed- A disciple of the Lord, Joseph of ings, and the road was lined with Arimathaea, asked for permission onlookers. A great company of peofrom Pilate to take the Savior's body.

ple, among them many women, folLoving hands detached the body lowed after him, wailing and from the cross, lowered it to the lamenting. Turning to the women ground. Preparing it for burial,

Jesus told them they should not friends wrapped it in fine linen cloth weep for him, but for themselves provided by Joseph and anointed it and their children, because of the s. "V "-fLTlZZ-9*"rr*:. with ointments and spices. The

tragedies which would come upon Marys helped, as did Nicodemus.

them. Tenderly they laid the body in a

Out of the city they trudged to a nearby sepulchre which Joseph had

Fletcher, Drawing Benton by Majorhill burial. for called Calvary. or prepared Golgotha his own Historical Cust's Jerusalem: Lionel And from A

intothere they (Next drove nails Month: Lord Is his hands The Sketch, A. Black, Ltd., published & C. by

and feet and lifted him up on the London. Resurrected! )

MARCH 1958 187 Six Missing Words??

'The search for the superfluous(Continued) about her was different. She had changed. Her smile

was tired and her movements quick Richard L. Evans

and nervous.

"She asked me how much I charged for wedding announce- A sentence from Seneca today suggests a subject:

ments. 'Ah,'I said, 'is it going to It would be well if we could make "it clear to all

be that handsome chap I saw you THE men,"he said, "that the search for the superfluous said ago?'with of weeks She a great outlay a few that SPOKEN means time, and have many WORD give her the living, I please really would life [not'yes'and gone through but] merely

quotation, as she was in a hurry. I accumulating the instruments of life."1 "... Life is so short"; he

told her what she wanted to know, continued, "and we make it still shorter by our unsteadiness....

and she wrote it all down and turned We break up life into little bits, and fritter it away."2 Sometimes

to leave. She was already out the suddenly, if we haven't done so sooner, we come to realize that just

door when I called, 'Is he a member going to be going, just talking to be talking, just spending to be of the Church?''No,'she said, and spending, just rushing to be rushing, doesn't really mean much.

asked what that had to do with the And this is an appropriate season (as is any other) to appraise our matter. 'You know what I mean,'past performance, to repent and improve, and to resolve to follow

I told her. through to solid conclusions the good things we undertake to do,

"She came back in then, shutting and cease, as Seneca suggested, "the search for the superfluous."

the door, and her face was a little In one of his incisive essays, Joseph Addison turned his talent to flushed as she looked at me. 'Yes, I this same subject: "I could wish,"he wrote, "that men while they

guess I do,'she replied, 'but I love are in health, would consider well the nature of the part they are him so much. Don't you think that engaged in, and... whether it was worth coming into the world

counts?'for, whether it be suitable to a reasonable being;... in this life,

"I said, 'Love is nothing without or will turn to an advantage in the next."3 Then Addison cited

the things that make it. Take my some excerpts taken separately from the diaries of a gentleman and

type cases in there, for instance. a lady of some supposed consequence—entries of activities almost too

They are all full of type. But the type trivial to mention, and then observed: "I question not, but the

is useless unless someone comes and reader will be surprised to find the abovementioned... taking

picks it up and sets a line in the so much care of a life that was filled with such inconsiderable acstick; and the line in the stick alone tions, and... so very small improvements;... I would,...

doesn't mean much until it is comrecommend to every one of my readers, the keeping of a journal bined with other lines to make the of their lives for one week, and setting down punctually their whole form, from which can be printed a series of employments, during that space of time. This kind of

beautiful poem. Then to print it, it selfexamination would give them a true state of themselves, and

takes ink and paper and a press. It incline them to consider seriously what they are about... and...

takes many efforts. So it is with weigh all those indifferent actions, which though they are easily

love. It is not there with the snap forgotten, must certainly be accounted for."3 As we appraise our

of a finger, and it can only last if part in the events of the past, may we more fully resolve to use it is picked up and put together what follows for learning, for labor, for repentance and improveright. And while love may be that ment, free from too much of trivia, too much of meaningless mobeautiful poem, marriage is more tions, too much, as Seneca said, of the search for the superfluous—

like printing the book of life. Your and to balance things material with those of mind and spirit and

marriage, to be really happy, should the everlasting things of life.

be performed in the temple of our

Lord.'"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

"'Oh, stop it! Stop it!'she cried Columbia Broadcasting System, December 29, 1957, Copyright 1957.

all of a sudden, and tears were streaming down her face. 'Why does (See page 207 for footnotes.)

everybody have to tell me what to do? My parents are against me.

The girls don't treat me like they used to. You, whom I thought to

be a sweet old man, give me a lecBIVOUAC ture, telling me that my marriage won't last. How can you possibly by Dorothy Marie Davis

know how much I love Mike? How

dare you tell me that our love isn't Land holds this point against the sea's advance real?'And each windweary pine uplifts its lance.

"I scratched my old fool's head Shouting its dedication to the fray.

then and shut up. After she had Unmoved by fog, by phalanxed waves or spray,

left, I made up my mind to pray as The sentinels of sturdy kelpbrown boulders hard as I could for the Lord to guide Wear ragged epaulets upon their shoulders.

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA her steps. Funny thing, isn't it, old DOWNSTAIRS

Sam praying for a young girl he hardly knows. But I knew that she

was about to make a big mistake. I

prayed—and waited for an answer.

"The answer came, although I had a hard time recognizing it at first.One night Curt, my dog, was makKSTOBE

ing a big racket. I got up to figure

out what might be the matter. When

I looked through the window, I saw the little gal standing on the front porch. I dressed as fast as I could,

all the time wondering what might be on her mind. When I let her

in, she was crying hard. I didn't

ask any questions, just let her cry.

Finally she pulled herself together, and between occasional sobs she said, 1 know it is foolish to come to you in the middle of the night with my problems, but you are the only one I can turn to. I had a quarrel

with Mike two days ago and haven't nylonseen him since. When we parted, I

told him I never wanted to see him again, but later I felt miserable.Two of my roommates went to the classic

movies tonight, and on their way home they ran into him going downthe street arm in arm with another long gown girl'She cried again. 'Oh, I can't

stand it!'"When I set out to tell her some things that might comfort her, she cut me off. 'No, no, I didn't come to

hear another one of your lectures!'

I was a little hurt but did not show Gentle sophistication in a silkit. I asked her what she wanted me ensmooth gown with thricedo.to

"'You are the only one who can tucked neck of nylon mist.

help me,'she cried hysterically. 'You Styled with short sleeves, wide

can come with me and talk to him. fitted midriff, full flowing

You can persuade him to come back skirt. Pink, blue, lilac and

to me.'maize in sizes 32 to 46.

"That was about the most startling request she could have made. Me, ZCMI LINGERIE - Downstairs

old Sam, playing negotiator, when

I had prayed so hard for them to break up? I didn't aim to do it.

I talked back and forth with her, but it didn't help much. When she

to: Mail orders crying, not stopwould I didn't know ZCMI MANNERS, MARGOT

to do,what else to go so I decided City 10, Utah Salt Lake along and see what might happen. Please send the following:

The couple had last been seen heading for the bus terminal, so that's Quan. Item Size Color Price

where we went. All the way down,

I prayed that I might know what to do when we got there. When we:>::*V-, Cash Charge D C.O.D.

walked through the door, there was Name.

no sign of either the fellow or the Address.

girl. looked everywhere but We

didn't find them. even had We the City Include 5c postage for firstZoneitem, State.

fellow paged on the loudspeaker. 2c for each additional.

Utah residents add 2% state tax

MARCH 1958 189 But they were gone. 'Well, that's she was around the counter giving Sam took his elbow off the counter

that—and thanks, Lord, for getting me a big hug. 'Oh, Sam,'she cried, and started to gather up the sample

me out of this one,'I thought to my- 'what a fool I have been! The Lord invitations. I looked at him as he

self. But the little girl was really was with me all the time, but it took stood there with his black hands and

broken up. a little grief and some sickness to the smudge on his face. The glow

"How I got her home I'll never make me realize it. When I woke in his eyes was strangely inspiring

know, but when I left she was still up, the girls told me that you had and rewarding.

sobbing. As the lights went out been there to administer to me!'I wrote out the copy, all except

over at her place, I was still sittin'"She was very active in the six words. As I paused, there came

on the porch, scratching Curt's back Church after that. She taught Sunback to my mind the teachings of

and thinking that whatever hapday School at first; then the Bee my parents, the activities in the

pened, the Lord was with her. Hive girls. Then she was activity ward, in seminary, the mission home,

"The girl avoided me after that. counselor and then the president of and the glorious day I received my

She was probably ashamed of the the Young Women's Mutual. endowments. I looked at the little

printer, and I was thankful for his for she acted having had andway I day, "One saw her come down story. outdragged on such of bed me It street an the serviceman. with a was

errand. I didn't see her in the ward Steve Hamilton. They both stopped The words which were to occupy

either, and when I asked the other and chatted with me, and she prethe lower lefthand corner of my girls how she was, they usually tended not to notice when I winked announcements had suddenly taken shrugged their shoulders and shook at her. Then about four weeks ago, on a sacred meaning. They represented far something better thantheir heads. of told them One me office she into Steve and came my social distincprestige special andthat sat of time, she the most home to at invitations. look some wedding

tion. of a symbolic grand were They televisionwatching reading. and repeating that 'Would you mind

all future. of the teachings In spite girl said that theShe grown had lecture once gave you me, Sam?'she I selfassured the had received, measlistless just ambition, and had no smiled.

felt, of I faure maturity and my to 'went and and work came home it,'I said, think T don't you need miliarity often with phrases repeated on. lettingsat there time drag Now all I to say, proud. Needless gave marriage, about temple never I had to then sheand go would back home

as the invitations a them wedding it clearly before visualized as what folks as hersee well with but them present. life, eternal eternal could mean: friends sheas her quarrelsome, was

irritable, and uninspiring. "After the temple ceremony, I was companionship, eternal love, eternal

"By that time, the matter of ingoing to say some fancy words to progress. I felt gratitude and hucluding her in my daily prayers had the bride and groom, but my sinus mility.

become a habit. I knew that the started bothering me and besides, I While Sam stared steadily at my

Lord had pulled her out of that had to get back to the shop. So I right hand, I wrote with swift

first problem and that he certainly just wished them happiness and strokes, "Married in the Salt Lake would not leave her in her misery. left."Temple."

"One day when I was running off a rush job on the platen, the bishop called me on the phone. 'Sam,'he

said in an urgent voice, 'there is a sister who lives just down the street from you. She's quite ill, and her A Part of our Caring penings of a hundred or even fifty

roommates called and asked me to or twentyfive years ago are to us.

send over the elders. I have asked (Continued) give them assurWith times so rapidly changing,

young Steve Hamilton to assist you. ance that they are loved and adwhy not let our descendants glimpse

He just got back from his mission mired! Young people in their teens our day through our eyes, the eyes

and is waiting to go into the service and twenties need the sobering, of their own people? Many now

next week. He's free to come anywise influence of the aged. They living remember the first car, the

time you can make it.'need to develop respect and reverfirst radio and telephone, in their

"I told the bishop I would get ence for those who have successfully community. Many youngsters reover there as fast as I could. On the lived, who have given them much member their first glimpse at teleway I met the young missionary. We in noble heritage, they need to vision, yet find it hard to imagine

went into the apartment, and as you become acquainted with the charconditions they are told were commay have guessed found 'my'girl in acteristics of age—it comes to everymon in a depression less than thirty

bed with a high fever. She did not one—and to develop tolerance and years ago. It is sad, for example,

recognize us, but we administered understanding. This relationship, so that many of the men and women

to her, and when we left I knew she often neglected, can be a source of who were small children during the would be well soon. joy to the old and to the young. United Order in Orderville are now

"My doorbell rang two days later, Another value lies in the fact that in their seventies and eighties, and and there she stood, right here in the the social, economic world we live will not be with us much longer.

front office. Her eyes were as violet in—twentieth century life in all its Have their remembrances and testias could be. I was going to tell her aspects, although not startling, or monies been recorded for their

how surprised I was to see her here, even unusual, to us, will to future posterity?

but before I could open my mouth, generations be as interesting as hapSometimes death takes a rich sup190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA information. genealogical ofply Tile Underdrainage..

can and rebe a valuableMemory liable source of dates and places;

sometimes it is the only source.

Even if life histories beyond the bare facts were not valuable, even if these other reasons (and they are only a few of many that could be given) were invalid, and if heritage and inspirational experiences were unimportant, there still lies in record-.**,.

keeping another great meaning: We

ought to care enough to sit down THE ONLY MACHINE OF ITS TYPE IN THE WORLD and listen, and then to write down (GOVERNMENT APPROVED) what our aging loved ones tell us of themselves. It is part of obediReclaims waterlogged and alkali type lands

ence to the commandment to honor in an economical onceover operation.

our fathers and mothers to so conThis unique machine lays an average of a thousand feet of sider them—and we are the benetile drain a day. It excavates trench, lays pipe or tile tofactors!

A good life's accomplishments, if grade and alignment and applies a gravel filter completely preserved for posterity, can be over, under and around the pipe. Cost is far less than

much more valuable than a legacy ordinary methods—and so much faster and safer.

of property or money if it inspires a love and feeling of pride for good Underdrainage projects completed to date include waterfamily gone before, and most imlogged and alkali farm lands, industrial sites, airports, road portant, a testimony of the gospel. stabilization through barrowpit drainage, and water and

outfall sewer line excavations. Lands too swampy to support

a man have been ready for plowing within 15 days from the time the underdrainage line was installed.

These Times The Margetts Company works closely with government soil (Continued) one third of our conservation engineers, supervisors, county agents, county nation's counties in the next few commissioners, road supervisors and engineers. Complete

years. But we shall have to rememengineering service for ANY job.

ber that the interstate system is a defense system. It is also a national For a free appraisal of your problem contact:

system. Routes have had to be selected with broader considerations

than what may happen to a single drugstore, motel, or farm. It is a sumner g Margetts co. inc.

change, a national need, long unmet and long overdue. Wise citizens, CONSULTING ENGINEERS

after being heard in the many public hearings available to them, and after 204 Felt Building Salt Lake City, Utah the final adjustments have been EM 3-3330 made, will reorient their plans to the combination of factors which will derive from the new and the THE MORE YOU DRAIN - THE MORE YOU GAIN old transportation routes. They will

then go on to greater achievements.

Key planning officials and engineers, like Mr. Ellis L. Armstrong, NOW—Gordon Owen's TWO Books

director of the Utah State Road For The Price of ONE...

Commission, assure us that the thirtybillion dollar outlay represents "The Best of Gordon Owen"...

a wise investment, not necessarily Highly interesting and unusual material on 100 different an expense only; for example, a sinsubjects for talks, lessons, or your own enjoyment.

gle traffic light at an intersection "Eat and Be Merry"...

may add more than $250,000 annual- A collection of more than 400 sparkling, humorous jokes ly to driving costs! In Los Angeles, and stories suitable for any occasion or audience.

in traveling from the Hotel Statler You could read a hundred books and still not get the west on Wilshire Boulevard to valuable information in these unusual collections.

UCLA, one meets fifty or sixty semaWhileprice oftheone.supplyAll bookslasts theypersonallyare bothautographed.yours for Getthe

phores. With the advent of the yours now!

SEND $2.50 FOR THE SET POSTPAID TO:

GORDON OWEN, KTVT, 130 Social Hall Ave., Salt Lake City

MARCH 1958 191 WHETHER YOU'RE BUILDING OR REMODELING Hollywood Freeway, one can drive per vehicle mile, this meant that from the Statler west on the freeway motorists saved $24 million a year, to Beverly Boulevard and save over or enough to cover construction half of these stops. A publication costs, in slightly more than eight

the years."observes: Utah Commission for If the time savings pasWOOD PANELING of

first 46.3 is it in "The drivers miles of freeway senger car is added,

Los Angeles cost $197,507,000. In further reported that the saving per

1954 this system carried 1.2 billion mile is 4.16 cents. Thus, observes

miles of vehicle travel. At two cents the publication, "the actual savings

Let the year unfold with faith

Gives you exciting New Rooms at

Half the Usual Cost Richard L. Evans

9 beautiful wood grains.

All perfectly panels matched.

finished with Already a permanent stain, Always it is sobering to begin a new cycle of days,

Goes up quickly. Easy for doit-your- a new cycle of seasons. Always we wonder what

selfers. offing: in events THE undisclosed are of the us Who

Wall 8 costs only x 10 SPOKEN $36.00. will this a will year hence, here leave be and who WORD AT AVAILABLE LOCAL YOUR DEALERS LUMBER life; will will see see success? sorrow and who who

Always we wish we could see farther into the future, and always if better that than do would suppose much knew more we we we Morrison Merrill & Co. things that are there do. know some But we don't we do now we

Building Material Distributors rush to do. We don't always live our lives as if we knew some

things we now know. Often we ignore what we know. This is a

subject which at another time we should like more fully to consider. But right now with what is left of this moment or two of

time, we should like to cite some profound and searching sentences from Emerson, which suggest that the Lord God will tell us what we need to know, will continue to reveal truth to us, or let us discover it for ourselves, as we are ready to receive it. "God screens

FOR A LIFETIME us evermore from premature ideas."1 he said. "Our eyes are holden

that we cannot see things that stare us in the face, until the hour is the ripened, them, then and.. arrives the mind we behold when OF HEALTH

his of not, is like 1 In another a dream."them saw time when and we an

honest loaf! essays, Emerson offered this observation: "The popular notion of

a revelation is, that it is a telling of fortunes... to tell from God

LEE HOUSEHOLD how long men shall exist, what their hands shall do, and -who shall

STONE GRINDING ALL be their company,... But we must pick no locks. We must check

FLOUR MILL ELECTRIC this low curiosity... It is not in an arbitrary 'decree of God,'but

veil the facts of tomorrow; shuts that on a nature in the down of man

that of other Automatic for cause and not us but soul will read the any have

Economical..."2 that sentences, effect. these it seems In sum up short, as we

Portable ready see and receive about understand what and and we are we grind youWhen your able and willing to receive and understand and see. And as we flour, a few hoursown

before baking, you get are prepared for it, we shall not receive less of truth, less of underloaf!an honest Youcan taste the differstanding, than we are entitled to. As we live the law, as we keep

ence.Save on introductory the commandments, as we use the hours and opportunities that are

offer! coupon actions Send ours, do as what acknowledge now we by our earnest we

orwith check money all else need Father loving, understanding will add then a know, weorder for choice 5 lb.

pkg. stone ground the to know. All things well and wisely used will be added unto, andday shipped,

LEE ENGINEERING CO. all things earned will be ours. And with this quiet certainty of

Milwaukee 1, Wis. assurance we can let the year unfold with faith.

Lee Engineering Dept. IE-2-58 Company,

2023 W. Wisconsin 1, Wis. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Ave., Milwaukee

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 5, 1958, Copyright 1958.

Deaf Smith Flour 5 lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.50

Wis. Minn. Flour 5 lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.00

Name (See page 207 for footnotes.)

Street

City State

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to Have you Changed resulting from improved design...

will be far greater than the increased taxes."Traffic, it is said, will increase 3.5

times on the interstate system in the next twenty years. Thus, as Americans remember the Theodore Roosevelt administration in part for the

completion of the Panama Canal, future generations may recall the administration of Dwight Eisenhower for launching the first truly In both UltraPower Ethyl and Regu- "National System of Interstate and lar gasoline, you get a new high inDefense Highways."

octane. You can be sure of all the

smooth free power your engine can deliver.

THE VALUE OF SILENCE You get more getup-andgo—quicker than ever starts—faster than ever by James H. Konkle warmups—smoother than ever getagainst stalling andTo speak in many languages away—protection

Is valuable today, vapor lock.

But to hold your tongue in only one

Is priceless, I would say.

Let's GO

A Recordkeeping People (Continued) bind on earth, may be bound in heaven; whatsoever you

loose on earth, may be loosed in heaven."(Ibid., 117:6-7.)

And then the Prophet explained in detail how these records should be carefully preserved in the archives of the holy temple "to be held in remembrance from generation to generation, saith the Lord of

Hosts."Five days later he wrote a much more detailed letter to the Saints in which he outlined the procedure which should be followed in baptisms for the dead and in carrying forward other ordinance work, of which a record should be carefully You expect more from Utoco and accurately made. He pointed and you get it! UTAH OIL IHIMING COMPANY

out that the recorder should make the record at the exact time that the ordinance was performed in order before \ MAIL COUPON TODAY jL AN ORGAN BUY YOU inaccuracies. to should avoid He L Jin FIND OUT MORE

IS II both hear and he could wherebe WICKS COMPANY ORGAN ABOUT WICKS "that see in the order ceremony he

Illinois Highland, rfj hpiPE ORGANS of truth a the recordmight make i,T?nTHM mail, send complete information By return also before pointed the Lord."He

out that there should be two or three about Wicks Pipe Organs to: IE358

witnesses present who could also be called upon to certify to the truthYour Name fulness of that which had been recorded "that in the mouth of two or Your Church three witnesses every word may be ri

Street Address, established."

City Zone State. There should be recorders in every oube oJWleL

WICKS ORGAN COMPANY HIGHLAND, ILLINOIS NO OBLIGATION

MARCH 1958 193 Samsonite brings the upholstered What we now know look to the world's strongest steel chair Richard L. Evans

Last week we talked somewhat of the desire to see farther into the future, and quoted Emerson to

THE the effect that further knowledge, further revelaSPOKEN tion, further truth, comes as we are willing and WORD able to receive and accept it. Further it is a fact

that we already know, basically and along broad lines, much more concerning the future than we sometimes seem to suppose. But

we often ignore what we know. We know now that if we study,

if we learn, if we use our time well, we shall be better prepared for the future. But even knowing this, we still waste much of time,

much of life, in more or less aimless activity—or inactivity. We

New know right now that if we are thoughtful and careful and courteous, indestructible we are less likely to have accidents. But even knowing this, we

-——- often ignore the laws of safety. We know right now that if we

live moderately and refrain from taking injurious substances into health. better better, feel even But have ourselves and we shall

S-1.X': L. ourselves health, of ignore laws the and lay knowing this, we often

open to illness. We know right now that if we keep the commandif we break laws we Steel Folding Chair ments we shall have a quiet conscience—that

shall pay a price. ( We shall pay it inside ourselves, whether anyone

else knows it or not. ) But even knowing this, we still break commandments and laws, and pay a price. We know that if we are

Special Samsonite process unfaithful we shall lose the confidence of others. We know right

bonds nonscuff vinyl to steel now that if we don't pay our debts, we shall lose our credit. All

if futhe knew we seat, for new elegance turethesewerethings,laidandbeforemanyus.more,But wewe nowdon'tknowalwaysas surelylive as asif

in any room! what we know. This must have been what Emerson meant when

Now—Samsonite brings you a completely he said, that "it is not in an arbitrary 'decree of God,'but in the

different folding chair! Watch your surnature of man that a veil shuts down on the facts of tomorrow; for

roundings take on new beauty with the soul will not have us read any other but that of cause and

Samsonite upholsteredlook chairs. Guareffect... Z'1 When we are ready for it, when we are able and willanteed by GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. In ing to use it, we shall know more than we now know. In the meanwashable tan or grey monk's cloth patterns. time it is our obligation and opportunity to be respectful of the

Tests prove: knowledge, the commandments, and the freedom that the Lord God

has already given, with the blessed assurance that all things deSamsonite Plastiserved will be ours, and that his plans and purposes will unfold is slashproofShield it! Knife blades for us, according to our willingness to use well what we do nowSlash

are ineffectual against know.

PlastiShield's surface.

Won't nick, cut or tear. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 12, 1958, Copyright 1958.

(See page 207 for footnotes.)

Samsonite PlastiShield is wearresist- ant! For all its luxuryfine texture, PlastiShield's colorful surface

is durable, stands up under years of wear.

JEWELS

by Gladys Hesser BurnhamSamsonite PlastiShield is stainproof!

Why cry over spilled A dewdrop caught in a spider's web, ink, nail polish, fruit Gossamerfine as ancient lace, stains? PlastiShield's Sparkling as only rare jewels shine

protective surface Or smiles after storm on a small boy's face!sponges clean.

FOR FREE BOOKLET write today to: Shwayder Bros.

Inc., Institutional Seating, Dept. IE-3, Detro'it 29, Mich.

Also Makers of Samsonite Classroom Furniture 1958J 194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA throughout and branchward of those divine a resultChurch. As the Mett connate secreinstructions, have quorum we

taries, ward clerks, stake clerks, auxiliary secretaries, and manyothers who are appointed to record ttateW whatsoever pertains to the ordiitVi o nances of the gospel and to the ofoperation the Church in general. # progfm also established through The Lord

the Prophet a system whereby there should be a general recorder for the

Church and a headquarters where the records should be collected from the various wards and branches.

Also, certificates of ordinations, blessings, and confirmations should be issued and witnessed, and copies of the same sent to Church headquarters. In this way accurate

records would be maintained of the complete operation of the Church.

In reference to this detailed system of record keeping and especially in relationship to the records for the the dead, Prophet Smith Joseph *feetsaid: think this order "You may of 3 1 Rkftflrdi

things to be very particular; but let SALT UKE PA*

me tell you that it is only to answer the will of God, by conforming to the ordinance and preparation that..%

the Lord ordained and prepared before the foundation of the world, for the salvation"of his children. (Ibid.,

128:5.) Then the Prophet quoted

from John the Revelator's vision, wherein John "... saw the dead,

small and great, stand before God;

and the books were opened; and another book was opened, which is thebook of life; and the dead were Good

judged out of those things which were written in the books, accordfamily dinner ing to their works."

The Prophet explained that scriponce a week ture as follows:

"You will discover in this quotaat the tion that the books were opened; and

another book was opened, which wasthe book of life; but the dead were COFFEE

judged out of those things whichwere written in the books, according 'SHOP to their works; consequently, the

books spoken of must be the books which contained the record of their works, and refer to the records which are kept on the earth. And the book

which was the book of life is the i < record which is kept in heaven;..."

{Ibid., 128:6-7.)

primarily Speaking of temple Hotel Utahordinances, wrote: Joseph

"... whatsoever you record on Max Carpenter

earth shall be recorded in heaven, Manager and whatsoever you do not record on earth shall not be recorded in

MARCH 1958 195 heaven; for out of the books shall records which are kept and microbe honor, immortality, and eternal

your dead be judged, according to filmed in the Genealogical Library, lives to those who are faithful in their own works, whether they them- I give the following statistics receiving all of the ordinances and selves have attended to the ordiDuring 1957, 20,000,000 pages of keeping God's commandments to nances in their own propria persona, records were filmed, or 66,699 volthe end.

or by the means of their own agents, umes, which, added to previous recThe members of the Church of according to the ordinance which ords, made a grand total of 235,855,- Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints alGod has prepared for their salvation 250 pages or 786,116 volumes of 300 ways have been and will continue to from before the foundation of the pages each by the end of 1957. The be "a recordkeeping people"; and

world, according to the records Genealogical Microfilm Library at their records will be valid throughout which they have kept concerning Salt Lake City contains more microthe eternities. To quote once more

their dead."(Ibid., 128:8.) film rolls than any other library in from the Prophet Joseph Smith:

The performing of the gospel ordithe world, including the Library of "It may seem to some to be a very nances through the authority of the Congress. It contains 3,113,022 bold doctrine that we talk of—

holy priesthood and the keeping of separate family group compilations, power which records or binds on accurate records are essential to the 79,897 individual pedigree charts, earth and binds in heaven. Neversalvation of the children of men, and 56,344 separate volumes of genetheless, in all ages of the world,

both the living and the dead. In alogical records. whenever the Lord has given a disother words, we who belong to the Temple work is going forward at pensation of the priesthood to any

Church of Jesus Christ today must a tremendous rate in the ten Latterman by actual revelation, or any set see to it that our records are kept day Saint temples which are now in of men, this power has always been accurately and are complete in order operation. In all of these temples given. Hence, whatsoever those men

that when we are to be judged for work is going forward for the salvadid in authority, in the name of the our works here in mortality what is tion, exaltation, and eternal lives of Lord, and did it truly and faithfully, written in the books will be true the living and the dead; and in all and kept a proper and faithful recand valid. of these temples the ordinances are ord of the same, it became a law on

With the foregoing thought in properly conducted through the earth and in heaven, and could not mind, it is suggested that it would power of the priesthood, accurately be annulled, according to the debe wisdom for all members of the and correctly recorded, and verified crees of the great Jehovah. This is

Church to attend tithing settlement through witnesses, as the Lord has a faithful saying. Who can hear it?"

at the end of each year and solemnly commanded. The final result will (Ibid., 128:9.)

declare to our bishops our status in regard to tithing and fast offerings.

In this way the records will be accurately recorded on earth as they will be recorded in heaven.

More than a hundred years have elapsed since Joseph Smith received Your Question In the book of Acts this is rethe revelations which established our corded:

recordkeeping system. From our ( Continued) of the first day when "And upon the first day of the

vantage point we can readily see Jesus appeared to some of his disweek when the disciples came tothat a marvelous work has come ciples, and in the evening of that gether to break bread, Paul preached forth. (See ibid., 4:1.) For example, same day, when they were gathered unto them, ready to depart on the

the spirit of God has worked upon with the doors shut for fear of the morrow; and continued his speech

the hearts of countless people Jews, he appeared again and peruntil midnight."It should be conthroughout the entire world and mitted them to handle, or feel, the ceded that they did not break bread,

caused them to keep records of their marks of the wounds in his hands, or, in other words, administer the the except this on Sabbath Sacrament, occasion side, and feet. he Onfamilies their of gather records and

significant 3 It also day. It seems to be them. eight days wasancestors. of the instructed about the time At

coming of Elijah to the Prophet later, or on the first day of the week that it was on the first day of the

Joseph Smith, which miraculous when he appeared again and gave week that Paul counseled the Coevent occurred in the Kirtland Temthem further instruction and chided rinthian members of the church that ple on April 3, 1836, numerous geneThomas for his unbelief. This each should "lay by him in store,

alogical societies came into existence, would indicate that the Lord himas God hath prospered him, that

I self no gatherings the of when date the there be had changed of Elijah the spirit prevailedand that the Lord Likewise come."4 forth that Sabbath, time and from the world.throughout came Then

the great day for genealogical work it should be the first day of the week. would give to John the great revelain the Church of Jesus Christ of It is true that there is not much said tion on the Lord's day, or the first

Latterday Saints. Thousands upon in the New Testament about the day of the week, saying: "I am

thousands of genealogical records change of the Sabbath, but common Alpha and Omega, the first and the have been accumulated. To call things seldom get frequent mention. last: and, What thou seest, write in

your attention to the tremendous There are references, however, a book."5

work that is being accomplished by which point definitely to the fact It is also recorded that Ignatius, a the Genealogical Society of the that the time of the Sabbath had disciple of the Apostle John, said:

Church and the massive amount of been changed to the Lord's day. "Every lover of Christ celebrates the

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lord's day, consecrated to the resurTIME TO CHECK rection of Christ as the queen and chief of all days."

Dr. Clark in his CommenYOUR INSURANCE NEEDS Adam

tary treating Revelation 1:10. says: Today, more than ever before, the need for a goad

''The Lord's day'the first day of sound insurance program has become a very imthe week, observed as the Christian portant part of the lives of the modern family, and sabbath, because on it Jesus Christ now is the time to check your own program to rose from the dead: therefore it was see that it fills the need of you and your family.

called the Lord's day; and has

taken place of the Jewish sabbath, throughout the Christian world."Farm Bureau Insurance Services

Dr. Thomas Scott in his CommenOffer you the very best insurance obtainable, the life insurance

tary dealing with this same verse says: program of COOPERATIVE LIFE OF AMERICA is designed for

"This was 'on the Lord's day'your needs and your pocketbook, with a unique plan that offers which can be meant of no other, the utmost protection from your insurance dollar... UTAH

than the day on which the Lord FARM BUREAU INSURANCE COMPANY gives unequalled protecarose the dead, evenJesus from 'the tion to Farm Bureau members in auto, fire and Farm and Ranch of the week:'first day it is conand

clusive proof, that the first day was Comprehensive Liability Insurance.

set apart, and kept holy, by the primitive Christians, in commemoraCOOPERATIVE LIFE OF AMERICA tion of the great event: for on what For Everyone

other account could it have been thus mentioned!"FARM BUREAU INSURANCE CO.

In the Commentary of Jameson, For Farm Bureau Members Only

Fausett, and on this same Brown 65 E. 4th So.

is thispassage recorded: UTAH "... on the Lord's day—Though STATE SaltELginLake98668City

forcibly detained from Church com- W* "FEDEFEDERATION EMpire 4-6509munion with the brethren in the sanctuary on the Lord's day, the weekly commemoration of the resurrection, John was holding spiritual communion with them. This is the

earliest mention of the term 'the

Lord's day!'But the consecration

of the day to worship, almsgiving, and the Lord's supper, is implied,

Acts 20:7; I Cor. 16:2, cf. John

20:1926. The name corresponds

to 'the Lord's supper,'I Cor. 11:20.

Ignatius seems to allude to 'the

Lord's day'(ad. Magnes, 9) and The best Bible buy today I

Irenaeus in the Quaest. ad Orthod. 02227x A de luxe Oxford Bible at an

115 (in Justin Martyr). Justin irresistibly low price. Marrakesh Persian

Martyr Apology 2:98 &c. "On SunMorocco flexible binding, leather lined,

day we hold our joint meeting; with half circuit. Concordance, new

for the first day is that on which

God, having removed darkness and Bible Study Helps, maps. 5 x 7!/s, only

thick. In red or black. $ 10.75chaos, made the world, and Jesus %"

Christ our Saviour rose from the dead. On the day before Saturday

crucifiedthey on Him, and the day At your A Scofield Bible in a isafter Saturday, Sunday, which having appeared to His apostles and bookseller new gift binding disciples, he taught these things.'To 179x A Scofield Concordance Bible

the Lord's day Pliney doubtless rewith large type, bound in luxurious fers (Ex 97, B 10), 'The Christians natural grain Morocco, leather lined. Confixed a day beforeon meet dawn Scofield features. tains all the famous A sing to Christ as God.'and a hymn

forgift that will be treasured magnificent ever. 5V2 x 8'/8l only %"thick. $22.00

lK/$teJ-/?me*M- tfyf &<& <S*nee /67S

MORE THAN 200 STYLES, PRICED FROM $3.00 TO $155.00

IOXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc.;

MARCH 1958 197 Todays Family—Eileen Gibbons, Editor

... fun or

frustration

ol by Edith Harwith Goodman A fresh runner spurted from the outside circle

Two Deep as the previous runner dodged to a stop before him. Pamela wearily gave chase. This was

the third fresh runner she had chased since she became

IT. Doggedly she kept on. She saw the spac<

between them was already widening instead of closing, Tears of frustration welled in her eyes.

"Speed it up, Pam. You'll never catch anybody,"

taunted a player.

At this the leader stepped in with "Let's play Jump the Shoe. Pamela, you take this rope with the shoe

on the end and stand in the center of the circle. Swing

it around near the ground. Anyone who doesn't jump

when it comes to him is out."

Pamela took the rope warily; she still gasped from

running. She wasn't quite sure she wanted to play

after her failure in the other game. She swung tentatively, then faster as she succeeded in eliminating a

player. As the shoe caught others she began enjoying

the game.

Pamela had tried hard, but the odds were against her in Two Deep. She was the IT who could not

catch anyone. The others were faster; a fresh runner

was always popping up while she became more and more tired. In Jump the Shoe she had a happier role.

She couldn't lose. All she had to do was swing the

rope, and as the others tired from jumping they were eliminated.

This is an example of how games affect children's emotions as found by Dr. Paul Gump, Wayne University School of Social Work; Dr. Fritz Redl, of the

National Institute of Mental Health; and Dr. BrianSutton-Smith, University of New Zealand. They recently completed a study on the "Effects of Activities

and Programs on Children and Their Groups."Their

purpose in the study was to see what different types of games did for, and to, children's emotions. Now

available, their findings are primarily for group leaders who must know how to choose suitable games for the timid, the aggressive, and the average child.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prizewinning cook finds new Lenten dish—

SHRIMP BOATS

* 'They 're really crispylight little pancakes, loaded with Shrimp Newburg,"says Mrs. Frank Spencer of

Fair Oaks, California, a winning cook at two fairs.

"And there's a special reason they taste so different and delicious—

I make them the 'YeastRiz'way. With

Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast, of course!

It's the fastest and easiest there is—

and it keeps for months on my shelf!"

- SHRIMP BOATS

Makes 6 "YeastRiz"Crepes Sea Food Newburg

Scald Vi cup milk. Stir in 2 tablespoons sugar, Melt in saucepan 2 tablespoons margarine

1 teaspoon salt and 14 cup shortening. Cool or butter. Add and cook until tender 1 tableto lukewarm. Measure into bowl Vi cup spoon chopped onion. Blend in i/i teaspoon

warm (not hot) water. (Cool to lukewarm for salt*, dash cayenne pepper and 1 teaspoon

compressed yeast.) Add 1 package or cake Worcestershire sauce. Add and stir until

stuch also Fleischmann's Yeast, active dry or comsmooth 1 can (lO 1/ ounces) cream of mush- a for parent pressed.milk mixture,Stir to1 beatendissolve.egg Addand 1 lukewarmcup sifted roomBring soup.to boil.BlendAdd inslowly14 cupto 2lightegg cream.yolks,

provide enrichedminute. Cover.Hour. BeatLet untilrise untilsmooth,doubledabout in1 slightlystirring beaten;constantly,returnuntilto mixturelow heatcomesand cook,to a

rising, preStir in minutes. While 40 from heat. 1 teaspoon boil. Remove about cause disruption and senc bulk,

Stir batter vinegar, juice 1 tablespoon down. lemon pare Sea Newburg. and FoodJohnny home crying. Not that par For each crepe, pour 14 cup batter onto hot, cooked or canned fish or sea food (shrimp,2 cups

ents can control all games, but the) diameter.slightly greasedBake overgriddle;low spreadto mediumto 6-inchheat crabmeat,oughly. Keeplobster,warmtuna,over etc.).hot water.Heat thorsalt if fish or sea food is salted.can help create a good atmosphere untilseem bubblesdry; turnappearonly overonce;surfacestack andon warmedges *Omit

into and form place crepes On platter,when asked, "What can we play plate.

together one end cornucopias by foldingnowr and securing with pick. Fill each with y$ prizewinningThe yeast

Allan is a steam boiler of energy. cup hot Sea Food Newburg. cooks prefer

He loves to be IT in almost any Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

positiongame. The central gives V\./ off his speedhim a chance to show

and strength. On t-he other hand,

Tim is retiring. Tim does not like

to be the IT in the spotlight. He

wants to be part of the pack Everybody sure likes (group). For Tim to be IT in a

catch someone he must wheregame

is in (as not Tag, an Table Queen Bread! fun much

ITby-loss game in Dr. Gump's

analysis).

An ITby-triumph game (where IT must win against others to maintain his position) is more to Tim's liking. He can lose quickly if he

wishes. He enjoys Tower Balk He

can defend the tower in the circle's center or allow it to be knocked down by the ball immediately.

When the tower is knocked over, anDelicious... nourishing

other IT takes his place.

the non fat solids of a full glass of milk There are hundreds of IT games, Rich in milk—contains

and they vary widely in the position Enriched with vitamins and iron they offer the IT, in interest appeal, Sail Lake Cily ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogden and in skill demands. For example,

Hideand-Seek and Sardines are both hiding games, butHide-andBinding Your Eras? A 3-cent stamp sent to

Seek is a lonelier game, catering THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to those interested in scattering the 50 North Ma n Street Salt Lake C y 16, Utah will reserve an ANNUAL INDEX for 1957

MARCH 1958 199 group, as well as hunting and findturn. In Dodge Ball, he may have BUSINESS ing. Each player is a lone wolf no more actual turns, but there's

trying to beat IT. Interests in the always the chance the ball wooshing

GIRLS gameyoungeralsocan't varywait towithbe found,age: thethe acrossAnotherthe frustrationcircle will pricecome istoelimihim.

older are anxious to hide as long nation. Older children willing to

try as possible. In Sardines the IT hides pay this price favor elimination

ZOOM hunterand. thefindspackIThuntshe, too,him.crowdsAs eachinto begames.the finalTheywinner.like to Oldersee whochildrenwill

the hiding place. They are all very playing Dodge Ball like each hit

i....ancl cozy with more and more players in player eliminated. Young children

ZOOOOOOM trough Your findsthe smallthem. spaceSardinesuntilalsothe offersfinal conone wantone whothe hithit him.playerTheyreplaceddo notbywantthe

day I 2bbm has all "Hie spiracy, as the crowd tries not to elimination or one winner.

give itself away by giggling. Here Thus the rules of a game must

basic goodness of fines* IT is the attraction; in Hideand- often be adjusted to the ages and

Seek IT is someone to hide from. temperaments of the players. Exwhole hard wheat 1 In very young games skills are perienced group leaders advise subrelatively unimportant. The young stituting a game with desired rules

cooks Faster child likes ritualistic and dramatic rather than changing the rules of a than QUICK, games such as Farmer in the Dell game children already know.

or London Bridge is Falling Down. In table games, as in playground

skill demands they want in their have totally different rules, goals,% tastesthanBetterGOOD The older children are, the more games, two apparently similar games games. Those below eight years and effects. The frustration price

tend not to emphasize competition in a game was dramatized by a situor winning. They play for the fun ation Dr. Gump created. He and

of playing. Their games do not his associates made a table shuffle-

"BANQUETMASTER"demand much skill beyond simple board game to be played by polio

LIGHT WEIGHT THE NEW FOLDING TABLE running, hopping, jumping, or dodgconvalescents. BANQUET

Designed for today's beautiful ing. table were playing Jim and Bette

Churches Schools rules. Bette by special The eight and nineyear-olds are shuffleboard Private Cafes Homes

in transition. They are often above would shoot her four discs and count

the games of younger children but her score. Jim would shoot four

not yet ready to play in the more discs and count his score. Jim was

skilled games of the older. This is winning but Bette did not seem to

the age when youngsters are getting mind.

ready to play baseball, football, Then the rules were changed to in the Made West by basketball, or tennis. The skills conform to regular shuffleboard. L.D.S. workmen.

BISHOPS—Before you buy, compare Banlearned in batting, catching, kickThis set up a legitimate opportunity

of quality material quetmasters for and ing, shooting baskets, will later defor Bette and Jim to interfere with design. of beauty workmanship, Low

cost—only $22.66 freight paid. termine their popularity on the teams each other's progress. Bette would

Satisfaction Guaranteed sent for your inspection. where skill is allimportant. shoot one disc, Jim one disc, alterSample table

Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601. Games also vary in what Dr. Redl nating four turns. A disc landing in

D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC. calls "frustration price,"the amount a scoring position was often disIdaho Falls, Idaho of restriction on individual players placed by the opponent's next shot.

to make the game go the way it The game quickly became a battle should. This includes the patience with each trying to stop the other

needed to wait to be chosen or have by grabbing hands. What had

a turn, being eliminated from a started out as a friendly competition DIAGRAMS game, and the idea of being one in a game degenerated into a war.

Illustrating Latterday Saint against a pack. Personal hostility resulted from this

principles with complete scripTwo games appealing to the same simple but important rule change.

tural references and coninterests but differing in frustration Loss of position and score was a densed summaries of Church price are Dodge Ball and Target higher frustration price than these doctrines. Extremely helpful Ball, both of which offer the group two could pay without revolt.

for teachers, missionaries, stu- a chance to shoot a ball at some ITs. Some children cannot stand such

dents, and all Church memDodge Ball is more fun, for the game interference. It makes them

bers. players forming the circle can see angry to be sent back, as in ParAuthor, A. P. Merrill action inside. They can watch the cheesi; to lose men, or be blockaded.

six ITs jumping and twisting to get Calling these youngsters "poor

Price - $1.00 EACH away from the ball. Target Ball has sports"is no solution. This is a

Available at the players in a line. Once Bill has matter of maturity, and even mature

had a turn in Target Ball he feels children under ten may find it hard

DESERET BOOK COMPANY out of the game, for it must go all to accept this part of a game. Usual44 East South Temple down the line before he has another ly those over ten have learned to

Salt Lake City 10, Utah

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA accept certain rules as part of the out of touch? <**s*<k

game and do not mind the hindrance. Younger children rebel.

Many table games call for waiting while others play. In some games

the others'turns seem interminable to an impatient child—a frustration

price he isn't ready to pay.

Children's interests must be considered in the choice of table games.

Interests may be science, space travel, home and family, or sports. Does

the child enjoy devising strategic plays? Does he like real life interests translated into electric football,

electric baseball, or Monopoly?

Boys who are good readers, are travel, enjoyinterested in space and for catch up on the news of might gocomplicated games

Captain Video. This game has three family and friends by long distance

spinners to indicate moves on anRemember, rates are lowest after 6 P.M. and all day Sunday

other board. It requires much re-—even lower when you call stationto-station.

rules to keepferral to complicated a Mountain States Telephone such going. Obviouslythe game

game is not for the poor reader, the impatient, or those who want fast V x vaction.

de- c call for highly games Some wt*sparklingn >i H a * i.a\a

skills, either mental or handveloped skills. Checkers, chess, and many

other games are thinking skill games.

Mental skills involve forethought, as strategy, good andplanning and skills inlemon lime mental Othermemory.

clude reading, either of rules or as part of the game; spelling, as in

Anagrams or Scrabble; and arithscores. for addingmetic

table games Many depend on in the green bottle quick reaction skills, others on finger dexterity as in Jackstraws ( the hands must be clever enough to untangle a mass of slender sticks).

Then there are games in which j with the red label winning depends on plain luck, with skills of minor importance. Often

a child struggling against superior skills in an older opponent (or parent) either loses or feels his opponent loses on purpose. A shift from

a game involving skills unevenly!

matched, as checkers where child SERVE iCf eOIB"76 plays parent, to a chance game is good. Where the winner is largely

determined by luck, the younger MAGNIFICENT'1

LEGEND! player stands a anywherePAiiLOM better chance of GKso(th IN own. winning on his Knowing the ingredients that suit FILMS! FtOWER DEVELOPED certain purposes to makes a game

TELL STORY GIANT BLOOMS to easy games Homemade make up. \ THE CRUCIFIXION OF and PRINTED

unreal. it seems beautiful as to a often fun So props game, add

4-in. flowers, purple to Pink

in a player has Dice. Each Cork stamens says! Legend across

pistals, 3 5 wounds; represent corks string the cork taut a and on crown the filaments, nails; the Only Coin Send aposthe petals, thorns; of of in table. laid a are center the IT C.O.D.'s scourge. - No the tendrils, ties; ";>U

cover, 1020 a holds large pot and grows when vine Perennial GUARANTEE! ft. MONEYBACK indoors. overwintering for Pot rolls predetermined the a dice numFREE for it in color—Write See catalog PHOTO

vegetables fruits, Describes new flowers,

FARMER SEED & NURSERY Faribault,14 S. 2nd Minn.

MARCH 1958 201 KITCHEI1 CHARITI WAXED PAPER hisber, cover.IT pouncesEachonplayerthe corksmustwithbe foreselves:buying and by asking themKEEPS FOOD isalertcaught.to jerk his cork away before it ourWhatchildskillshave areenoughdemanded?of those Doesskills

skill to enjoy or against the game whomever his FRESHER LONGER! chance,Thus usingaction theor quietfactorsplay,of loss or opponents will be? Don't be

retention of pieces, elimination or carried away by beautiful props.

no elimination of players, games Some chessmen are works of art, but can be chosen—or tailormade—for will Barbara enjoy chess? Does this

the occasion. game fit a present interest or one

An understanding of games and Bob is apt to acquire soon? Is the

their effects on the emotions gives frustration price demanded by this parents knowledge of the best game more than Emily can pay?

games to choose for their family Games that fit the players in all fun. Parents who know the incategories are the ones that insure

gredients of games can judge them satisfactory play experiences. Games

quickly by looking through rules beshould be fun, not frustrating.

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS

OF HOUSEWIVES...

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS

PURE

Vermont Maple Syrup GRADE A Gal.-$8.95 Gal.-$5.25 Say V2

Qt.-$3.25 Pint-$1.90

Goodnight

CHEDDAR CHEESE Until..

5 lb.-$5.95

ALL SHIPMENTS POSTPAID bv Helen S. Neal Graham A. Clark

P. O. Box 449

Brattleboro, Vermont

Little Jimmy used to fill my entire When the water was finished and

Whenever you moveevening with his bedtime requests. I was comfortably settled again, he

Just as I'd sit down for a chance to would want a light to see by, or to

Send your old mailing label talk to his daddy, or find my place have his Panda bear, or ask if I together with your new address again in my book, or begin on the would please tell him another story!

let to I wanted hem kiss, down glass for his Another another of water, sister, it to big Nancy, be, would evening.—so went heard If he my

"Mummy, I need another drink of the doorbell, which might mean a

The Improvement Era water."caller, he came padding down in his

50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 16, Utah

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA; floJ sleepers, bent on adding his share of family hospitality, even between his * yawns. THE PERFECT V \J V \J My problem came from thinking

like his treated could beJimmy solution to HiFiolder sister to brother and went who sleep more easily. What works with You can select your own Hifidelity component

one child often does not work with parts in any size and have Daynes Music another. Children's levels of quieinstall them in a cabinet* of your choice.

tude, as well as their interests, often differ. Plenty of activity until the CONTEMPORARY PROVINCIAL

last hour before bed, then quiet inMODERN EARLY AMERICAN activity, nearly always helps. At a terrific savings to you.

For less active occupation before bedtime we have tried singing at the Visit Daynes Music HiFi Dept. *Sectionalavailable. cabinets to match speaker enclosures also

piano, reading books by the fireside, for a "sound investment."

or watching a not too stimulating—television program. The last hour

before bed should be a happy, quiet, a B ratines \tf&Musicfriendly, pleasant time, when children have no cause to disagree with each other. Peace helps induce sleep. 15 E. 1st So.

Sleep and rest are important to 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PROVO Salt Lake City u u V \l u u

everyone, especially to growing children. Rested, they eat better and

have a better disposition and personality. They play more actively,

to rest are readyand therefore better Reminds you of fresh country cream Also, a rested night comes.when

child resists illness, so is more likely to be a healthy child...that good Morning Milk

To make bedtime acceptable we had to set Jimmy's retiring hour at a Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture.

time when he began to feel tired. A Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the

difference of twenty minutes solved much of his problem. We made gounopened can. Guarantees superior cooking

ing to bed a pleasant and familiar results.

routine, appealing to his senses. Children need routine, for it gives them So rich it whips easily when chilled

a secure feeling to have some idea what comes next.

A drop of perfume on Nancy's pillow, her favorite fragrance, made bedtime something pleasant for her to anticipate. For our oldest boy,

INSPIRATIONAL BOOKSBill, we had used luminous cutouts, "The Story of TWO and he chose the ones illustrating the FOR THE MISSIONARY story over jumped of the cow who

J. PARKER, converted written by AUBREY

to his BRICK"attachedthe moon. They Minister Methodist

color... sound film, and easily a 16mm closet door and werewhite

to Entitled THE A.B.C. OF MORMONISM; available for showing the is seen nowscarcely by day. When

lights went out, he could watch the your club, school, church or other ond THE MORMONMESSAGEMISSIONARY'S sequence of activity in the illumgroup. Put up in the popular pocket size for

inated figures. Playing a music box convenience in carrying.

disc of Brahm's Lullaby turned out Make reservations through Beautifully bound in green and gold.

to be something Jimmy enjoyed. Film Dept. at the following: NOTE:time. TheseSent booksto you,makepostpaid,a fine anywheregift at anyin

the world for ONE DOLLAR FOR. EACH State College, Pocatello Idaho sight children, just the For some BOOK. University, State Utah Logan

lightof bedding and their a dim of University Lake City Address: Utah, Salt

turned down in a welcoming corner Brigham Young University, Provo ELDER AUBREY J. PARKER

triangle are enough to suggest sleep. 616 West Carrillo, Santa Barbara, California

Others look forward to the fragrance of bath salts and their vanishing EUROPEAN TOUR

ALL EXPENSE MONTREAL FROM 53 DAYmountain of bubbles, in the bath that INTERSTATE

Eleven Countries Temple—Visit sleeping bed. garmentprecedes Dedication The Ship—Hotel—Tours—Meals

$829.00 himself, for or the BRICK CO. chosena child has

3100 South 11th East CHRISTOPHERSON CHIYE'S TOURS

So. 9th East 3720 SERVICE TRAVEL Salt Lake City

City, Utah Lake 144, Provo, Utah Salt Box

FR 3-5310 AM 6-0257 MARCH 1958 203 man/toe. FOLDING Sight of his bed appeals to many. with an air of finality, assuming

BANQUET And for some a bedtime cup of milk prompt sleep will occur. If being

TABLES hasand aa cracker,tasteappealor a cupthat ofcomesbouillonto youcalledare backtryingrepeatedlyto correct, praiseis a habityour

Direct Prices & mean sl'eeptime to the child. child the first night he improves.

Discounts to A chat about the day just past is Praised behavior tends to be reSchools, Churches, a nice way to precede the prayer peated. When you are not called

Clubs, Lodges, all, period. nicest special point Discuss back at were the what up some

Institutions and all trip story, a little extra things the brought; then the reward, an day

worst, and how they can be handled somewhere, for the child who "goes better tomorrow. If it was rain that right to sleep and doesn't call

discuss to disappointing, back!"TRUCKS was how Mummy s storingMONROE

it. truck it easy, Forthe wayTables If rain just before prayer fun, you heard and welcome The make

chairs. modernFoldingtables EachandConstrucstorageChair* permits handlestion of citherTruck No. TSCor Storage is Transport toe, his perfect to leave a child psycho- a the lead stubbed room was space. in limited No. Truck TS

sleep. to closes It logical to careful talk prelude about be more how for Discounts Catalog 54Write and showing

sizes Tables, and types Folding of MONROE next time. It may be the child's the day with thankfulness and faith,

line of Chairs* Also popularand Trucks. Folding viewpoint rather than the occurand hope for a good tomorrow.

*7Won*Oe. THE COMPANY

'249 STREET. COLFAX. IOWA rence that needs correcting. If each bedtime comes when CHURCH

Many an evening talk with Mother fatigue helps the idea of sleep and or Dad helps improve interpersonal has its familiar pattern which aprelations with playmates, quite as peals to the special child for whom much as it builds a habit of talking it is planned; and if each success is

a playmate reacted angrily inmembering that some children deNOW... thingswhy over with parents. Discuss given adequate approval, always restead of cooperating. This can hold pend far more on expressed approval

subtle lessons in what to do or how than do others, your goodnights will

The 1958 manual for the not to behave with friends. not need to be said "until it be toGospel Doctrine Department Go about the bedtime routine morrow."

of the Sunday Schools

GOSPEL IDEALS

Paperbound and abridged Finest of the fine arts To a young man learning to perform on the flying trapeze, a veteran 516 pages $1.75 (Continued) The artist sees the of the circus said: "Throw your

ultimate objective of his teaching. heart over the bars, and your body

He sees beyond the shabbily dressed will follow."Falling in love with

Published by girl whose shyness now robs her of one's work is the surest way to sucThe Improvement Era wide friendship's joys, into the home cess. It has been said that in owler

she yet will make as a poised wife to touch another's heart, you must and mother. He observes the ganuse your own. Soul will seldom

gling boy whose height and awkspeak to soul without the bridge of wardness make him selfconscious love. Only those teachers who have

now and sees in the years ahead a "walked the second mile"have felt father and a leader. That youth a kinship with the Infinite that is

inquisitive boyish itself a reward for the labor perand mind formed. disturb upset the lesson LADIES! whosepranks and

Discover how the class, the artist senses will one It was the mythical gods of

NAPKINS unknown,day push backsheddingthe boundariesnew light onof thethe malion'sOlympia workwho shoulddecreedlive.thatSo Pygit is

have brought success scientific quest for truth. with every artist who truly dedicates

to thousands of fundPerhaps the artist's greatest conhis skill, love, and knowledge to his raising projects.. tribution is to chip away sufficient work. It is the Living God of heaven

of the dross that the youth may view who has decreed that the work of

MAIL THIS the eternal spirit embedded in each the inspired teacher who has an

TODAY... COUPON heart, soul. sees all understanding living a knowledge then The youth t for samples! your FREE a vision as of his purof pedagogy, and brothers and their God men as

Father. His vision is opened to the pose, who dedicates himself to his

EDGAR ROBERTS /iSSSSiS'&n. plan of his Creator. With feet set work—his work will live. His stuNapkin obligation, send Actual Without

quantity prices. Samples and Dept. IE 38 firmly on the way of progress, he dents will live. The teacher becomes

trods the path that eventually leads immortal. Teaching, then, becomes

Namehim back to his Eternal Father. the finest of the fine arts.

Address.

City Zone State204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HIGHER EARNINGS, INSURED!The Editor s Page

(Continued) of your future home life are sown in your schooldays, in your teens. The strength of character needed during your association

with your future mate will determine your strength and happiness in the home life. And, girls, the

man who will not respect your honor, who tries to lead you from the ideal of virtue is not the man who will make you happy as a husband.

Next in importance to the choosing of a mate is your education. The Why take less? Earn a peak

greatest education in the world is rate with complete safety.

spiritual education. It is spiritual

development. That which develops Each account at Utah Savcharacter should be the aim of every ings is insured to $10,000

school, every high school, every coland is backed by 38 years lege, university. every Emerson was

is of timetested service.right he said: "Character when

higher than intellect... a great soul!!* rr

will be fit to live as well as to Since 1919 think...."I believe in character

in spiritualeducation and training. SAVE BY MAIL - Accounts

Religion is important in producing character, and success in life dereceived by March 20th pends to a large extent upon selfearn from March 1st. Eneffort. joy fast, postagefree mail

"How long halt ye between two opinions? if the Lord be God, folservice.

low him: but if Baal, then follow

him."(I Kings 18:21.)

In that biblical verse there is a message to the world and, particularly, to the young people who are AND LOAN ASSOCIATION at the crossroads, to whom we may 65 NORTH UNIVERSITY AVENUE, PROVO, UTAH say, "How long halt ye between two thoughts? if the Lord be God, follow him; but if Baal, then follow

him!"Spirituality as taught and morality YOUR HORN OF PLENTY firmly Saints are the Latterdayby anchored in fundamental principles, THE WEALTH principles the world from which can OF EDUCATION if it would, evennever escape and the first fundamental is a belief (with Latterday Saints it is a knowledge) in the existence of a

Personal God. Latterday Saint

children have been taught to recognize him and to pray to him as one who can listen and hear and feel just as an earthly father can listen, feel,hear, abthey and have and jrriiJ i"ir>iT'irti&

STATE cilYwd J "7 their into beings, verysorbed from

UNIVERSITY MIGHAM YOUNG their earthly mothers and their STUDY PROVO, UTAH earthly fathers, the real testimony that this Personal God has spoken in this dispensation.

OPERETTAS Complete and Accurate Costuming For All Occasions.

A delightful for those hot beverage coffee. don't drink S. L. COSTUME who

248 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah

AT YOUR GROCERS MARCH 1958 205 LOCKHART

.. Thrift Certificates PAY.... The curtain of the future

Richard L. Evans

For a moment or two we should like to turn to yet another side of the subject of knowing more conTHE

SPOKEN cerning the future, and in doing so to cite a quoted

WORD says in that sentence the substance which Lord INTEREST the LAST received on Funds

. politeness with grand draws God "... down of a the month EARN Day

.. this screen. said before us an impenetrable "x Cicero.. on Interest FULL MONTH'S

the subject: "For my part, I think that a knowledge of the future

would be a disadvantage.... Undoubtedly ignorance of future

ills is more useful than knowledge of them."2 And Alexander Pope

characterized it in three concise couplets:

Go.The LOCKHART "O blindness to the future! kindly giv'n,

AN INDUSTRIAL LOAN CO.

That each may fill the circle mark'd by Heav'n;

Who sees with equal eye, as God of all,

A hero perish or a sparrow fall,

Atoms or systems into ruin hurl'd,

Established in 1926 HOME OFFICE ot And now a bubble burst, and now a world."3

MAIN and EXCHANGE in SALT LAKE CITY

Supervised by it was a "grand politeness"that caused the UTAH STATE BANKING DEPARTMENT No doubt in many ways

Creator to draw the curtain of the future before us, and it means in effect, that the Lord God meant us to live in part at least by faith—for if we knew further of the future we would, in effect, be

carrying of the weight it around with can us. Foreknowledge SKIN

anticipates as it the sorrows a If you are as well as the sucburden PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry, become

scaling or itching skin or are an adolescent with skin troubles given cesses. Suppose, for example, we knew -when our loved ones have and

up in despair, thinking no product would would have to leave us, or that we knew in advance the day or skin, relieve or heal then your you owe manner of our own death, or of accidents or illnesses—such foreto try it to yourself H & M OINTMENT.

Your druggist has this marvelous healing knowledge would hang over us heavily like a weight that we were will ointment gladly refund and your renever quite free from. And since it is sometimes difficult enough to not you are pleased with money if

sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and carry around the weight of present problems (and since life also

skincolor. has its pleasant surprises, as well as its unforeseen sorrows), it

would seem that the Creator knew us well and planned wisely when with grand politeness he drew the curtain of the future before us faith to live us work, each hour, each and gave day, with with learnSATISFY. ABSOLUTELY TO GUARANTEED H

it at Get order your from ing, ones, decisions with loved with to make, drug*Mstore, or with commandments to keep, ours, opportunities with that are as all the problems and & H LABORATORIES those eternal the purposes on toward which 151 move Lord we God EASTM 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH

Small Size—$1.25 Large Size—$2.00 has given, with a quiet certainty and assurance that all injustices

POSTPAID will be righted, that all inequities will be compensated, and that the compelling questions will be answered us. Thus, as the Creator

- i.<*-<- -K- < <4 draws the curtain of the future before us, we can face it with such

faith as Emerson suggested in this single satisfying sentence: "All

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen."4

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat over Spoken and other minor mouth 'The Square presented the Word,"from Temple KSL and irritations.and throat Broadcasting System, Copyright 1958, Columbia 19, 1958, January

( See page 207 for footnotes. HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

129, 142, 167, 208, John Davenport; 132,

courtesy Map, Utah Dept.; 138, State Highway

164-5, 198, Dale Lionel 142, Kilboume; V. The flaming torch, symbol of the press for ages,

McNeeley; Reynolds; 149, Ralph 146, Max blazes in prosaic,places as well as the halls of the 1.50-1, Tharpe; Burton; Studios; 155, Bovart Dave

cover, 158-9, Lions; 161, Three 161, Camera

Studios, Clix; 163, 202, 163, 168-9, mighty in our times. For the newspaper Lambert 202;

Jean Lindorff and Lorin Wiggins; 172, 176, is everyone's pattern for modern Crosby. Ronald

living. Take the kitchen, for instance.

FOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES In every home in the IntermountainFOR ARTICLES:

Your Question West, there are dishes served from 1Mark 2:2728. recipes found in The Salt Lake

'-'Abraham 3Acts 20:7. 5:13. Tribune. And Mother and Father,

"1 Cor. 16*2. Sister and Brother, find advice nRev. 1:11.

'Sunday, The True Sabbath of God, p. 150, for diet, health and exercise in Samuel Walter Gamble.

The Tribune. The Tribune and

and the Man Word of Wisdom will tell you how

Statistics from 18001924 from The Chicago HOME Magazine

Daily News Almanac and Year Book, 1936, p. to cook, how to serve, how to

2The World Almanac, 1957, p. 570, quoting a decorate your home

survey of policy holders Metropolitan by made is Life Insurance Statistic Co. for person born and how to improve your

in 1955. '"Deseret News "Church Section,"April 14, garden. It's all a part of that

19.56, 17. All but six p. of the stakes were big package for modern living in the continental States. United

*As reported by The World Almanac, 1957, p. that's an everyday necessity in 365.

your life, your daily issue of..

Christ Is Crucified Scriptural references for this article are from

Matt. 26, 27; Mark 14, 15; Luke 22, 23; John 18, 19 and 3 Nephi 8. ffc gdt $vke ftibtntr

puurzen pr/ze The Spoken Word One of America's Great Newspapers

"The search for the superfluous"1Seneca, On Sophistical Argumentation.

-Ibid., On Progress.

"Joseph Addison, Spectator, No. 317.

Let the year unfold with faith 3Ralph Waldo Emerson, Spiritual Laws.

-Ibid., The OverSoul.

What we now know...

iRalph Waldo Emerson, The OverSoul.

The curtain of the future...

Emerson, Experience.

2Cicero, De Divinatione, Bk. ii, ch. 9, sec. 23.

KPope, Essay on Man, Epis. i, 1. 85.

4Emerson.

DO YOU HAVE A DICTIONARY

OF THE NAVAJO LANGUAGE?

Missionaries laboring in the Southwest Indian Mission of the Church are badly in need of the dictionary,

The Navajo Language, which is now out of print. Very few of the 80,000

Navajos in the mission, by far its largest tribe, speak English. Elders

working among them, having no written assistance whatsoever in learning the difficult language, issue with Mission President Alfred E.

Rohner a plea for copies of the dictionary. Those wishing to sell

or contribute the book to the misSend a friend sion should send it to President

Rohner at Box 672, Gallup, New THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mexico. A welcome gift for birthdays, weddings, or any occasion

$2.50 a year in the U.S. $3.00 foreign

MARCH 1958 207 The Last Word

After a high school boy got a summer job at the Liberty will not descend to a people, a people must local factory, the straw boss gave the youngster his raise themselves to liberty; it is a blessing that must

first week's wages with a bit of advice: "Each embe earned before it can be enjoyed.

ployee's wage is secret. If I were you, I wouldn't tell—Charles Calem Colton

anybody how much I earned."

"No, I won't do that,"the boy replied. "I guess I'm

more ashamed of it than you are."We live in deeds, not years; in thoughts, not breaths;

in feelings, not in figures on a dial. We should count

time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most,

A sure way of getting the last word in an argument feels the noblest, acts the best.

is to say, "You're right."—Philip James Bailey

Flattery is like perfume—you're supposed to smell

it, not swallow it.

McGregor was a bit startled when he met an old Enthusiasm comes with revelation of true and satisacquaintance. "What's the idea,"he asked, "of a band fying objects of devotion; and it is enthusiasm that

of mourning on your left leg, Jock?"sets the powers free.

"Me mother has passed away,"replied Jock.—Woodrow Wilson

McGregor persisted. "But why on your leg instead

of your sleeve?"

"She was me stepmother."

The search for truth is endless and exciting. The

highest courage is to look truth straight in the eye.

"My, my,"Grandpa complained, "what's wrong with And those who undertake to write or teach must utter the younger generation?""The main thing, I think,"the truth as they see it, taking nothing away, adding

soothed Grandma, "is that too many of us don't belong nothing thereto, and in nought equivocating.

to it any more."-A. J. Huste

The teacher, whether mother, priest, or schoolmaster, is the real maker of history.

-H. G. Wells

ADVICE: We intend to pass this along to our young

son about the father who told his boy, "Never mind how I met your mother—just don't go around whistling."

A man may fall several times, but he isn't a failure Sign seen in a wellknown Boston center for until he starts saying somebody pushed him. antiques.

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hillips 66 FliteFuel makes the drivingJth

of any car a more pleasurable experience.

With FliteFuel you enjoy exceptional

ease of starting in any weather... smooth and

lively acceleration... economical mileage.

No other gasoline provides the combination

of high performance components that make

FliteFuel the "Aristocrat of Motor Fuels?'

Fill up at your Phillips 66 Service Station* your Nearest sponsWiCtty

As a doting parent, have you ever said, "I could use $10,000 more insurance but I just can't afford it"?

That wonderful family of yours can now have that needed protection.

Beneficial Life solves this problem for you with its lowcost "Commercial

Whole Life"policy. This permanent

insurance is available in amounts of $10,000 or more and is truly an economy-size package. It's a lowpremi-

um, permanent insurance that builds up cash values quickly and provides generous retirement benefits. All in

all, this lowcost plan is deliberately designed to meet today's 'dollar squeeze'"1

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Beneficial Life Building Salt Lake City, Utah I would like a Beneficial Life agent to call and give me details on this lowcost plan. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name -... -- fruatance

Address.

City Zone. State. David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah