! Jgt?.

IMPROVEMENT

OCTOBER 1950.

You'll get all the hot water you want for shaving and for all other purposes—whenever

you want it—as hot as you want it! Remember... gas heats faster!

A speedy automatic gas water heater costs less to buy—less to operate! And if its storage

tank is properly sized, it can keep ahead of MINIMUM RECOMMENDATIONS FOR any family. That's important, because an NORMAL HOT WATER REQUIREMENTS

average household uses plenty of hot waterNUMBER NUMBER STORAGE CAP'Y up to 140 times daily. See the chart. BATHROOMS BEDROOMS GALLONS

If your present water heater is inadequate, 1 1 or 2 30 replace it with a new one of proper size.

1 3 or 4 40 2 2 or 3 40 2 4 or 5 50 / 3 3 50 / 3 or 4 4 or 5 75/| See Your Gas Appliance Dealer, Plumber,

Heating Contractor or..

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving an EverIncreasing Number of Customers Since 1929::*?-.::;;%%.?$

SAVE

TIME Why go to the trouble of mixing and baking cookies at home, when all you need to do is open a box of TOWN HOUSE ChocoBy DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. late Drop Cookies—and please

everyone!

Tnsectonaut is the name which is now given to a person who builds flypowered airplane models. Tiny 33

microfilm and balsa wood planes are made, then one or more flies are attached to the plane to serve as motors.Other insects can be used; a sphinx AVOID

moth can handle a plane with tentotwelve-inch span. DISAPPOINTMENTS

You know TOWN HOUSE '"The natural vegetation of Korea is Cookies are always perforest, mainly pine mixed with fectly baked and perfectly oak, walnut in the south, and pine, delicious. No disappointspruce, and other conifers, as well as ments.

birch in the north. Though forests

would normally cover seventy percent of the surface, reckless tree felling and neglect now leaves the mountains of central and much of southern Korea bare. Between eighty and eightyfive

percent of the inhabitants are engagedin farming, especially of rice, which SAVE is the staple food. Fishing is alsoimportant; and though the harbors on MONEY

the west and south coasts are excellent, You just can't bake chocolate the tides may vary as much as thirtychip cookies, as cheaply as you three feet. buy TOWN HOUSE Chocolate

Drop Cookies. In cellophaneHPhe poison of the black widow spider protected packages, averaging 34

the cost per is twenty times as poisonous as cookies apiece—

the venom of the rattlesnake for an dozen is very low indeed.

equal amount of dry weight. Professor R. V. Chamberlain and Wilton

Ivie have pointed out that the male (twofifths the size of the female) does not develop the characteristic orange hourglass. The spider makes

from four to nine cocoons during a season with 200 to 900 eggs each, laid at night. In the two or three months

necessary to reach maturity, the spider molts its skin about nine times. s*r

HpHE Muir Glacier of Alaska in

Glacier Bay National Monument carries as much ice as the whole 1100 glaciers that distinguish the Alps of

Switzerland, according to S. Hall

Young.

HPhe Pueblo Indians have an ancient type of corn that can be planted a foot deep to be near moisture in the ground which is dry on the top, as in semiarid New Mexico and Arizona.

usually are whichOrdinary varieties 833) PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE - PHOENIX page [Concluded on

OCTOBER 1950 761

Who Says You Cant SAPANEIS E. BACON Afford an Estey? By JAMES

PRESIDENT OF THE UINTAH INDIAN MISSION

From the HomeState CUCH Of Founder Joseph Smith—

There's a lovely, LowCost ESTEY

Organ model for your church, chapel, home or school. From Vermont,

Founder Joseph Smith's home state, come ESTEY Reed and Pipe OrBefore President gans, carefully handfashioned for Abraham Lincoln more than 100 years. created the Uintah

These modern ESTEY Organs are Basin Reservation, styled to suit your every taste, offer Sapaneis Cuch with you the finest of tonal balance and others of his band colorful orchestral effects. Prices had come into the

are unbelievably low!

area. After white

Among the Estey Reed Organs, men had obtained make your choice from the richly permission to take toned JUNIOR, the smart symphonic, the beautifully styled SPINET some of the land, or the supreme CATHEDRAL Sapaneis was anmodel. An exclusive ESTEY gered. In protest, he

FOLDING model known to every Sapaneis Cue/?, right, and son Russell, left. and many of his

serviceman is available, too! tribesmen left in mass

Majestic ESTEY Pipe Organs are protest against this ordered worldwide. Climate is no Thewasbirthplacenear Denver,of SapaneisColorado,Cuch wanderedaction. Forhomelessfour throughyears theythe them. problem. Inquire about

long enough ago that he met Dakotas and Wyoming. At last

Brigham Young and the Pioneers they returned to their home in the when they reached Fort Bridger. Uintah Basin where his allotment

Sapaneis was merely a boy at the of land was made, south of the time, and the Pioneers gave him a settlement at Tridell. The old enhouse cat for a pet, the first the mity has passed away between the

young Indian had ever seen. whites of Tridell and Sapaneis

Sapaneis was always proud of this Cuch's family; in fact, the Cuches

cat and often told his children and intermingle with the white settlers grandchildren about it. His sorrow among whom they have made many

knew no bounds when he lost his fast friends.

pet as he forded the Green River Sapaneis has always been a on horseback. judge in the Indian tribe; until the

Sapaneis was known as the "Old day of his death he settled differHead Man"of the White River ences and problems arising among

Write today for fully illustrated and descriptive band of Utes, since he came from his people. The government recogliterature. Name your preferred music dealer if prominent families on both his nized his sterling qualities and apis possible. Estey dealership an Where not father's and mother's sides. His pointed him a policeman at Whitedirect established ordering nearby, easy. is made

mother was of the same family as rocks for many years, and it was

PLAYERSALESMEN MAKE GOOD MONEY Chief Ouray. As a young boy, in this capacity that he lost an

Write for details and open territory Sapaneis chased the stampeding eye, in taking a man who resisted buffalo herds and shot them with him. For a number of years he

also served on the Indian tribal: ESTEY ORGAN CORP. his bow and arrows. On one of

5 Brattleboro 6, Vermont the chases, the Utes ran into a business committee, on which comIndians tribe of Arapaho who his of were mittee a son now serves.

ji Illustrated like your I would FREE Brochure. I persuato them. The rare times he Three went to Wash- <. hostile. Please Estey nearest dealer. name

his sive ability of Sapaneis and for his people. plead ington to He

resulted in peace between - kiName brothers closely associated with Tillbecame

I Address the tribes. The two groups joined man D. Johnson, United States

in buffalo the dressing and preparDistrict Boyden, and Judge, John S. IJ

feasts series it for a of great ing District Attorney, States United held in the camps and villages of more recently appointed director of the Arapahos. Sapaneis was always Indian affairs.

'fib and up to %<* settlement.justifiably proud of this peaceful Sapaneis Cuch(Concludedchose foron pagehis wife841

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The MfReoditW (M) % li Why OFFERSOFFERS TOTO SSEND YOU OF THESE FINE ANY TWOWITH MEMBERSHIPBOOKSFREE

THE AMERICA SWIFTWATER COOKS HILL Funk & Wagnalls GENTIAN THE FIREBRAND

Paul Annixter By The Browns GREATEST STORY By COLLEGE STANDARD By George Elizabeth Goudge Challis By

EVER TOLD captivating story the of DICTIONARY reciover 1600 Contains A tale famous beloved The and of adventure, in- A Oursler Fulton By father north a finest first pes the basically each The differof author trigue—"Green Dolphin and romance of—hiswoods—of their son, and! and states tellfaithful reverent, of ent the in 48 from years guide word Street"a "Pilgrim's andA daredevil swordsman

struggle to establonely of oldfash-—of story Contains of the ing mouthwatering over sublime en145,000 tells a Inn"magical now his wits matched who and

lish a for sanctuary wild favorites tries, to ioned bringing upJesus, 1,420 pages; and Him meastale of two orphans with the courage greatest who

is geese. Here the taste wonder tothe-minute senlives ures 6 those in were size whose "x9 and together ro came relive 1/2 villains I/i"nobles and his of

! great of the magic excitand sations Crystalclear with printedentwined His is beautifully on of one the beautiful most swiftly day. moving A

it outdoors, dramatically and directions fine to closeingly you. impospaper. for book make the must A to legends in be A story found a with thrill real

told. Publishbeautifully sible to will! wrong. cherish. go Pubpermanent familyyout library home English folklore. Publishevery on page. Publisher's

edition, er's lisher's edition, $2.50. edition,Publishet's edition, $2.95. $2.49. Publisher's er's $5.50. edition, edition, $3.50. $2.50.

BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT ENORMOUS SAVINGS MAIL COUPON NOW! 1

necessary accept to of are invited the to purchase two a any every you book month—only

as to retain four each year on sepage your booksYES,wonderful All shown membership. new

lections are complete, new, wellprintedyour when GIFT and FREE MEMBERSHIP BOOKSthis TWO WITHBOOKSMEMBERSHIP FREE you join our Book Club! Read, below, how the wellbound. And your books will be delivered FAMILY READING CLUB, DEPT. 10ER

Family Reading Club operates; then mail the to your door by the postman—ready to read! MINEOLA. NEW YORK

Please send at the to join Clubcoupon books I two me have and get your TWO Free Books "Bonus"checked below as Gift myonceMembershipthe Books.FREE BOOKStoday! Family distributes Reading Club The a "BonGreatest Story The College New fj the Club Operates free for How each four selections us"Club Book you Ever Told Standard Dictionary

The Family Reading Club was founded to setake. These books will meet the high Club Swiftwater Gentian Hill

lect and distribute books for the whole familystandards of excellence, interest, superior writAmerica Cooks The Firebrand books which are worthwhile, interesting and ing and wholesome subject matter—and you can Also enroll me as a member of the Family

Reading Club fine send me, and this each build library in aentertaining objectionable at month, without being any up home a way no extra of review the Club's forthcoming selection—invited of publishers expense. subare purchase to books the Theway. Each from Club month I which I accept reject or as may choose.

believe will of the the they Family for only publishers'mit books meet each—instead $1.89 are There no membership or dues fees—onlv

retail prices I the to standards. regular of Editors of requirement that Board $2.50 aReading accept Club of Our $4.00—saves minimum

four selections Club during the twelve coming it to selects dollars. of the can enthen your recommend you book most book And 25% 35% beginning with current the Club is the are of to thethusiastically value figured Books Bonus which books members. These when in, months,tion, at only each, plus postage selechan- and

actually as asevery can your save to family faf—books dling. member of you a much will I As receive a free member$1.89 50%! Bonus

Book I accept. with each four Club selections displeasure, and remembered withbe read Join Send—No Now Money delight,cussed with in your Mr. and retained home

If a in believe club book you will apwhich Mrslibrary pride. with

finest instincts of peal the to every of member Miss Print) (Please

Membership let What Means to You family, introduce us to the your Family you is sending choice your in the of Street and No There Reading Club membership no charge for you by the of theFamily cost of books the any shown Reading Club above beyond as your TWO free Giftbooks themselves. Books. each Just couCity....Zone.. State.. mail the Membership pay only $1.89 You

(plus postage and handling) for the books you pon today. However, as this unusual offer may Age, if

purchase after reading the book review which be withdrawn at any time, we urge you to mail Occupation Under 21 will come to your home each month. It is not the coupon NOW! Same nrice in Canada: 105 Bond St., Toronto 2

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK Offer good only in the U.S.A. and Canada

OCTOBER 1950 763 Lsfficial \Jraan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF DL CUck of

of rzLatteraatj Sainti n-J n-J r r VOLUME 53 nu NUMBER 10 October 1950 r*>

RICHARD L. EVANS A. WIDTSOE - JOHN SMITH Editors: GEORGE ALBERT

L. GREEN Editor: DOYLE Managing

C. JOSEPHSON Editor: MARBA Associate Managing

Editor: ALBERT L. - Research J. MOFFITT ELIZABETH Manuscript Editor:

"Today's Family"JR - ZOBELL, F. BENNETTEditor: -BURLG. HOMERSHEPHERDDURHAM Editors: Contributing ARCHIBALD

A. PALMER NIBLEY JR. - HUGH S. HARRIS, FRANKLIN

- B. - SPERRYLEE B. SIDNEY PETERSEN CLAUDE THE COVER

- Manager: BERTHA Associate R. CURTIS ELBERT Manager: General F. SCOTTS REEDER Director: VERL Advertising D. GILES Business ManagerJOHN

The seventyfifth anniversary of the establishment of Brigham Young University finds the campus one of beauty as

The Editor's Page graphwell asof utility.the scienceThe buildingcover is frameda photoby

Preservation and Repentance - George Albert Smith 773 graceful trees and is indicative of the peace that may be found in a setting of

Church Features study and religion.

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXLVII—Who Is President of the

"Twelve"? John A. Widtsoe 774

I Am Brought Forth to Meet You LaPreal Wight 781

- Ivie Huish Jones 787 Priceless—GenealogyChurch Welfare in Action... in Minidoka Oran Whittaker 785

Lehi in the Desert—Conclusion Hugh Nibley 804

the General to Appointed - -.802 Three Younq Said Briqham OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND 1 Board 834 Melchizedek Street North Main 50 Moves Church The On—768766

Main St. 50 North Offices, 787 834 Y.M.M.t.A. Genealogy——Column NoLiquor-Tobacco

Main St. North 40 Offices, Alat Home, Missionary Work Presiding Bishopric's Page.836 Y.W.M.I.A. -—..792 bert L. Zobell, Jr. 1, Utah Salt Lake City

CorporaInc., Funds, a Mutual by 1950 Copyright Special Features Improvement Mutual Men's of the Young

of Christ of Jesus Church of the Russell B. Swensen 776 tionAssociation in Retrospect Brigham Young University Subreserved. All rights Saints. Latterday

foreign in advance; year, 779 Burton price, $2.50 a scription Alma P* Karl G. Maeser

25c in advance; year, a $3.00 subscriptions, B. 782 Hales Brigham Young University Faces the Future Wayne single copy.

Are You a Family Nighter? Florence Biorge 788 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah

mailing for Acceptance matter. Stewart 790 secondclass as George

in section for provided postage rate of special at 803 Eyre.... Floyed G. July authorized 1917, of October Act 1103, Iran:Liberty—ThroughPathway of thetheMiddleGospelEastof Jesus Christ Adventure Into the Substance of Prayer and Inspiration 1918. 2,

tor unis responsible not Era Improvement 794 S. The Wise Frank

contributions. welcomes but manuscripts, solicited 799 Norden Van A Missionary's Faith Rudolph W. by sufficient accompanied be All must manuscripts The Spoken Word from Temple Square oostage for delivery and return.

Richard L. Evans 812, 844, 848, 852

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Today's Family....Burl Shepherd Change of Address

......816 of adtor Condiments? change 761 Shall required notice Use S. Harris, Fifteen Jr We

include please change, a ordering dress. Whendays'for Beauty: Blueprint.—762 E. Bacon Cuch, Sapaneis James

of magazine. issue the slip recent a from address....817 is Grooming? Good Korean Times, War, What The These old unless the be cannot made changes Address

..818 Price Bell Tricks, Louise Paint 770 is included. as the one G. well Durham new as Homer address

Am I My Brother's Keeper? Bruce New Notes in Seasoning 821

822 Hints 775—S. Handy Jenkins

National Advertising Representatives.856 and Ours Paqe Your the Bookrack l 807 On

Stories. Poetry EDWARD S. RussFOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

California Francisco, San Echoes from the Past

HENRY S. COMPANY TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN, J, S, Johnson as told to Evelyn Wooster Viner 793 EDWARD

Blvd. V/ilshire 796 1324 Johnson Wilcox Joy Your Blessings Count

California 17, Angeles Los Clark 800 Luacine Fox Goldfish Bowl The

V. LYTLE HARRY 808 H. Greenhalgh - Sadie Plain Ann Ave. Michigan South 332

Frontispiece, Beulah Huish Sadleir 771 The Purpled Years, Eva Willes Chicago 4, Illinois

Poetry Page 772 Wangsgaard.812 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Ave. Madison 342 Other Bread, Doris Dalky Gilean 786 The Douglas Signature,

17. York N. Y. 832 New White A. Carter..798 Fall Plowing, Manfred

Small Boy Watching a Train, October Time, S. H. Dewhurst..840

Marijane Morris...—.. 799 Beware, S. H. Dewhurst 843 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TOPNOTCH50yuiv New M.1A. Coaches

and Players!

This season Top Notch has introduced new designs and new features for the foot comfort and foot protection of your players.

Truly Top Notch basketball footwear is the choice of experts.

Send the attached coupon for more information on Top Notch and the new "collegiate"color combinations

NOTCH

Dry Goods Division MI P. O. Box 1109 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

OCTOBER 1950 765 >9*@@&@!< THREE APPOINTED TO Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL ROARD

("Ieneral Superintendent Elbert R. Ward Sunday School superintendCurtis of the Young Men's ency. He was also a scoutmaster

Mutual Improvement Association and a member of the South Davis Vance has announced the appointment of (Utah) Stake Y.M.M.I.A. superinGeorge La Mont Richards, Lynn tendency. He has completed a twoHales, and Wallace F. Toronto, to year stake mission in the BonnevilleElectric Service

the general board. (Salt Lake City) Stake.

Elder Richards, at sixteen years A member of the executive board appreciates the of age, filled a shortterm mission of the Salt Lake Council of Boy in the South while his father, PreScouts, Elder Hales has recently opportunity of siding Bishop LeGrand Richards, been appointed chairman of the was serving as mission president. leadership training committee. Llnhaving made the installations of His mission to Great Britain where der his direction, one of the largest

he served as president of the LiverCub Packs in the United States was at Dilworth organized the new District by the was interrupted ELECTRICAL WIRING pool he School in Salt City, where Lake he outbreak of World War II, and

LIGHTING FIXTURES returned to the Southern States to is principal.

finish his mission. He is active in ParentTeacher

and He volunteered for navy duty, Associations and in the Utah EduWIRING leaving his university studies, and cation Association.

his first assignment was in the ofHis wife is Eleanor Peterson for laboratory experimental fice of naval intelligence in San Hales, and they are the parents of

Francisco. He also served at the three sons and three daughters.

tables and equipment University of Colorado, attached Elder Hales is assigned to the to the U. S. Naval Japanese lanScout committee of the general

guage school. At the midshipman board.

in the school at Northwestern University he received officer rank and was VIU'allace F. Toronto, recently

assigned as staff member of the returned president of the commander, Second Amphibious Czechoslovakian Mission of the

Group, Pacific Fleet. Church, is now a seminary instruccience

He has served as a member of tor at East High School Seminary the Yale Ward Sunday School in Salt Lake City.

superintendency, of the University As a young man he was called to After a mission Germany. at the time of on bishopric, and Ward 0-5iiLlai % field for six months, in that laboring this the superinappointment was

tendent of the Emigration Stake he was assigned, with five other

Y.M.M.I.A., which office he has elders, to open the Czechoslovakian

at held for two and onehalf years. Mission. He returned to his home

He is married to Edna Fae Firmin Salt Lake City in 1931.

age Richards, and the couple have He was called to preside over the in 1936, Czechoslovakian Mission a daughter. and a son BRIGHAM YOUNG until in that field the outis assigned to the serving Richards Elder

of World War II in 1939. Junior M Men committee. break UNIVERSITY Elder Hales has long been active During the war he was engaged in

in Church, scouting, and educational defense work and was manager of fields. He has served as a memthe Salt Lake County Red Cross.

ber of the North Davis (Utah) After the end of hostilities he

Stake Sunday School board and in was again called to preside over the Emigration (Salt Lake City) (Concluded on page 830)

Vance Electric

Service

Heating and Air Conditioning

SALT LAKE CITY

GEORGE LA MONT WALLACE f. TORONTO

RICHARDS 766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

1 CRANE

Seismographic crew equipment... location

crew equipment... welding equipment..

directional survey tools.

CEMENT 4,850 SACKS

MISCELLANEOUS

TRUCKS AND ROAD BUILDING EQUIPMENT

3000 OIL 48,000WATERBARRELS DIESELBARRELSFUEL 4000ROADGALLONSOil OTHEREMULSIFIED150LUBRICANTSDRUMS

MANILA ROPE

1000 FT. RAGS

CABLE 7500 FT. 200 LBS. BARYTES 150 TONS =

One hundred and thirty two men who are experts in many fields—law, geology, engineering, drilling, trucking, carpentry, derrick One completed oil derrick with all its diesel engines,

building, chemistry, mechanics and so forth. bits, fishing tools, reamers and other equipment.

Want to drill an oil well? Here's all you need

There may be oil under your backyard.. new refineries, new pipelines, new storage

but you might as well face the fact that it plants and other facilities. From these come

will take a bit of doing to find out. good petroleum products to serve you well

The picture above shows all the men and... petroleum products to add still more

materials needed to drill one 10,000foot strength to our nation in the uncertain days exploratory well here in the United States. ahead.

Total cost will be anywhere from $125,000 to $1,000,000 depending on conditions encountered.

Will oil be found? Even with the best

scientific help only about one out of every five exploratory wells drilled "come in."

The search for oil is a risky, expensive business, but it goes on every day in many parts of the world. In 1949 alone, we drilled

28 exploratory wells at a cost of $6,385,000... six striking oil.

A great share of the profits of Standard of California goes back into the business in exploration of this kind... and in building

OCTOBER 1950 767 THE CHURCH MOVES ON v cJJau *Jo <J-)au LhronoloGu \Jf Lhurch (Events

The appointment of Dr. LeRoy A.

June 1950 August 1950 Wirthlin and Walter Dansie to the general welfare committee Church was Taft Ezra Elder of the Benson Q conventions beSociety Relief

First the announced Presidency. by of the Council dedicated Twelve 2 with general gan board members Dr. Franklin L. comWest, Churchthe Wilmington, Carolina, North the in attending a convention Lethmissioner of education, the announcedBranch of chapel the Central Atlantic (Alberta) Stake. bridge Conventions

institutes of at opening of religion newStates Mission.

3. until will continue November Albion, Idaho; Reno, and Nevada;

2 K Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the It was announced that canned Price, Utah, for students matriculating

Council of the Twelve dedicated orange juice was being produced by at Southern Idaho College of Educathe Roanoke, Virginia, Branch chapel the South Los Angeles Stake for the tion, University of Nevada, and Carof the Central Atlantic States Mission. Church welfare program for the first bon Junior College.

time. Heretofore, oranges have been Division 9 of the Church athletic

July 1950 distributed whole. program began its twoday baseball

O Victorville Ward, San Ber- m President George Albert Smith playoff at Salt Lake City.

nardino (California) Stake, and party sailed from Los AngeSouth Davis Stake's team won formed from the former branch, with les for Honolulu and the mission cen12 the Division 9 baseball tourna-

C. Clark Conder as bishop. tennial. Accompanying him was ment at Salt Lake City.

I Q Announcement was made that Elder Henry D. Moyle of the Council Scandinavian Church members took

airconditioning equipment was of the Twelve. part in their centennial program at

Liberty City. Park, Salt Lake inbeing installed the four ordimain

[or Christ America's had Witness thenance Salt rooms of Lake Temple. "/ dedicatedPresident theDavidClearfieldO. McKaySecond its at closing the 1950 performance

O 2 Dr. John A. Widtsoe of the Ward chapelNorth Davis stake Hill Cumorah, New York.

Council of the Twelve returned house.

to Salt Lake City from a sixweeks'Don B. Colton, director of the

tour of the Scandinavian countries o President George F. Richards 13 mission home, gave the "Church O of the Council of the Twelve of the Air"address over the Columwhere he participated in mission centennial celebrations. He also held a died at the age of eightynine. bia Broadcasting System. His subject

mission presidents'meeting while in was "The Price of Peace.*'

Albert President George Smith assistElder G. Romney, Marion

Copenhagen. 9 in and party arrived Honolulu. ant to the Council of the Twelve,

O Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the George La Mont Richards and Lynn dedicated the combination Arimo

Council of the Twelve, as a perHales were appointed to the general Ward chapelPortneuf (Idaho) Stake sonal representative of President board of the Young Men's Mutual house.

George Albert Smith, dedicated the Improvement Association. Scandinavian members of the

Pioneer Memorial Museum of the Church closed their threeday centenDaughters of Utah Pioneers, at the -* a America's Witness for Christ, nial celebration with morning and head of Main Street, Salt Lake City. J- "the pageant presented annually afternoon religious services in the Salt

the missionaries of by the tabernacle. Eastern Lake the anni103rd Day,O J Pioneer States at the Hill Mission Cumorah, Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the Counarrival the the versary of of

began. The performance was precil of the chapel dedicated the TwelveSaints in valley of the the Great Salt sented three nights. the of Woodruff, Utah, Ward, WoodinLake, appropriately marked was

Utah and in areas wherever the Church The First Presidency announced the ruff Stake.

has become established. In Salt Lake appointment of David I. Stoddard of East Tod Branch, Tooele (Utah)

City the day's parade was led by Laguna Beach, California, as president Stake, formed from parts of Tod

President George Albert Smith. of the California Mission to succeed Branch, with George E. Vance as

President Oscar McConkie, who W. president. C for conventions theO Mutual for has four served years. President

* ** Branch, (Utah) Tooele Tod West season coming genwith began in presided Stoddard the Northern

Stake, parts from formed of Toderal attending board a conmembers States Mission from to 1943 1946, and Branch, Gillespie with as A. Alex invention Star Valley (Wyoming) as filled a young mission a to man

president.Stake. Europe.

m opened Salt Lake Temple The for after only, baptismal2 C"TheUnion DeseretannouncedSundaythat the Schoolannual Funeral services for President J-t work report for the year 1949 indicated a 11 George F. Richards of the Counthe usual summer vacation. Because

total enrolment of 515,049. The recil of the Twelve were held in of installation of airconditioning

port also indicated that thirtysix perthe Salt Lake tabernacle. Interment equipment, the remainder of the temcent of the reported Church memberwas in the Salt Lake City cemetery. ple will not be ready for use until

ship in stakes, wards, and missions atScandinavians began a threeday sometime in September.

tend Sunday School each week. centennial celebration with the presen- A statue of George Q. Cannon,

1 A President George Albert Smith tation of the pageant, They Shall Go "father of the Hawaiian Mission,""and party left Salt Lake City for on Their Way, and None Shall Stay was unveiled by his granddaughter,

Hawaii to attend the centennial of the Them, in the University of Utah Betty Cannon Wilson, as part of the

Hawaiian Mission. stadium. mission centennial in Honolulu.

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (RoobucL

iQ the past—

EDUCATION BUILDING - 1891

Ssuwinq.

the present—

SMITH BUILDING - 1941

%J >:j#. j>ffl

the future—IBIiii::|:-: -v.,,

iJIHHJHl

J 'i.1 'J IH'i <

SCIENCE BUILDING - 1950 On her 75th anniversary, Brigham Young University is happy to invite her countless friends to join in a jubilee year of celebration, accomplishment and contemplation, the high point of which will be reached during Convocation Week, October 1 6-20.

(BhiqhawL cljx)JULnq lAnw&hAitjf

PROVO, UTAH THE KOREAN WAR

DR. By G. HOMER DURHAM

Political o[ Department, Science WE ARE MOST GRATEFUL Head

University o[ Utah

For the privilege of conveying;

,rpHE American public was informed

Our congratulations to the on June 25, 1950 that some five prongs of an organized military attack had been undertaken by North Korean communist troops against South Korea, crossing the thirtyeighth parallel BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY north latitude—the artificial and arbitrary line established as the boundary

on their new modern between "North"and "South"Korea.

American military units were ordered to repel the invasion by President

Harry S. Truman, and the Seventh

Fleet was ordered to cover the operaPHYSICAL SCIENCE BUILDING tion as well as "insulate"Formosa to the south. On Tuesday, June 27, the

Security Council of the United NaOur appreciation for the fine cooperation and tions met at Lake Success, New York, the absent from Russia and with assistance given by President Howard S. McDon-

(since voted Council 1950), January ald, Acting President Christen Jensen, Faculty to recognize the American general

Douglas MacArthur as the supreme members, and other administrative officials of the commander of a United Nations'contingent; and also recognizing, in effect,

University. the U.S. troops as the military arm of

the UN, together with such additional forces as might be made availOur appreciation to the Architect, Architect's Staff, able by members.

Subcontractors, material suppliers, and workmen, through whose collective efforts this building was constructed.

Our sincere thanks to the Church Authorities for

selecting us as General Contractor in the erection 8, this writer of this magnificent structure. On Saturday, July

drove down U.S. Highway 101 and

watched the long lines of trucks and

Our best wishes to the Brigham Young University Divisionjeeps carryfromtheCampU.S.PendletonMarinesto FirstSan

for continued success in carrying forward their Diego, where they embarked for the conflict. The threedecker sandwich

high standards of Academic and Religious train- (with cole slaw) at a restaurant in

Beverly Hills rose in price from ninety ing. cents to one dollar. A trip to the Los

Angeles Farmers'Market disclosed that menus and price lists, already high, were also being marked up approximately ten percent. Echoing the

Los Angeles scene, quickly reacting to a Pacific war, the volume of retail CHRISTIANSEN BROTHERS sales rose quickly in the United

General Contractors States. The President called the reserves and national guard units into

residence. Draft boards began to meet

ROLF CHRISTIANSEN calls for men. A feeling of gloom

WALTER CHRISTIANSEN, mingled with grim determination, and

Partners not a little despair, settled over the land. By August 1, 1950 Associated

Press dispatches reported 168 Ameri- {Concluded on page 832) 770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA! By

BEULAH

HUISH

SADLEIR

—Photograph by ]osef Mucnch

CTOBER

his is October, as it stems between

Summer's reluctant, lingering loveliness,,v#%And winter's approaching, unwanted inception.

The harvest is complete!

The festival of Ceres is abroad

In hearts of men.

Cellar and silo hold evidence of the season's exertion.

Life is good—and the acceptance of beauty

Stands sentimentally around us.

We would stay October's flight, knowing well

That her permanency would drain emotion,

Monotony take her place.

Universal law has proclaimed her a transient,

And as a shifting cloud she will find repose

Under winter's silvery benediction.

OCTOBER 1950 771 DO MOUNTAINS KNOW?

By Judy Lee Midgley Voung Writer 'ITZhen autumn fingers, crisp with frosted

V air, Caress the trees and transform leaves to

TO MY CHILD REQUEST IN OCTOBER Do mountainsgold, feel the wafted breath?

By Gail Brook Bucket By Elaine V. Emans Do they know the touch of autumn's cold?

Y youth flew like a swallow's wings at to the us not fury of know a storm? OxpectAT come and go ** dawn. A-/ with sober CanDo mountains lightning they know their stabs when Footsteps and speech and countenance

I did not see breasts? realize it go nor this brief

fleetingThose years And clouds of joy when soft sob overhead, were wholly interlude, Bright for lovers of October gone feel cool Do mountains rain upon their to Drink excess the look of flaming leaf

Because crests? I saw the world through your And purple aster hill and fringes curling,

eyes. young half haze And sun half and acrid an smoke. the golden cup of o'erturns, When dawn I shared the enthusiastic warm glow must not the miss final We birdsong clefts and are peaks And captured in the childhoodOf and your first clear glimpse of twirling

flow, God. In sweetly sad leavetaking; we must soak upstretched are arms gilded spires, When schoolWhen days came, spirit I watched The you well this within goldenness. Do mountains know? proudly go, you, detain So us shortly roof, under

shiningThat of hour sun and goldenrod, whisper And not that work and alone, stand duty They the undaunted world. by find aTo world which apace grew each press Existing as cathedrals the of sod, day. if, within And eyes, your read reproof, we mountains must And nature's know build you high castles in the air It scarcely can disturb or reprimand things wondrous shared theAndI helped hurts lost triumphs and Us, as in on men some enchanted land. they Because touch the loving of hand your way. God.Although the years have silvertinged my

hair And etched upon my face a tale welltold, TONIGHT

Your youth has kept my heart from growBy John Nixon, Jr. ETERNAL

ing old. A moonshaped bowl of white chrysanBy Thelma Ireland

** urns them is "Deauty ephemeral.

its star petals Will I OVER the table. on THE VALLEY *-*'OF APPLES is Sunrise brief, glory but Shall its watch meditations and become Elizabeth the sunset's By splendor And quickly Crawford Yates as flowers, the shall Wise discover why Hides reef. behind horizon's shining day on stars day, a The gold music like night make a this one onWhere, life is full fleeting. Flower but

climbs to the bowing platinum Why, baton Snowflake diamonds too soon. dim paint blue, with wields,To The dark they play moon stairways trembling of the Brief, borealis, aurora

night, i harmonies Brief, the flame of harvest moon!

air, gild the For has, as a me, he tremblingTo countless audience of times. one. the Rainbows earth crown with rare nurturedAre apples, in reddening his light. jewels;

IThere, apples shall sleep which Then the never sleep calm of may a the make is Shortlived this aureole.

sound, sage, But there's nothing really transient

Although they sense the coming of his Dreaming the white chrysanthemums to That enriches someone's soul.

tread, dust, Are warmly colored globes, enriched by Erasing astral knowledge from the page ground, Of memory just written. Then I must

Which make their gladness known, with Wake to find the music happily A VERY OLD LADY said. no word Remains a haunting, hallowed mystery. By Helen MaringThere, wild white water from a peak oi

snow 'beauty i 'he she once face her wore uponIs soon, muted in must quiet and pour, BLUEBIRDS AND -* Is put somehow time long by away longer wild, in must silenceNo soon go gone. Mildred By Goff theAcross valley's sunlit mountain floor;

in it her its heart Yet holds know weBut, still the from white of the beauty peak, autumn These days place, are warm and listening the hearsOne centuries speak.

I *- lovely. in hearts our her lingers kindness on. And

Had not expected such delight as this. Character is what her wrinkles say,

BEAUTIFUL BENEATH THE The skyhills are bright with color, and the And day.goodness lived and cherished, day by

COTTONWOODS Is blue and soft as ever summer's is. That which is old is never lost or done

By Georgia Rice Clark I had expected wind, and blighting cold; Beauty is of the heart; light, of the sun.

'"These are the trees the early settlers Not such fullscented, balmy days as these,

With oak and sycamore all yellow * knew, gold, OCTOBER TWILIGHT in the scarlet And bluebirds maple trees.the cottonwoods that grew along the

streams By Catherine E. Berry

sighta against the welcome horizon's blue OF EARTH hills, twilight settles on theto \\Juen plodding, weary and slow men ox teams.

* street lamps, one by one, faint And of green the youngThe cottonwood Robison By Alma Higbee fireflies like in out night, the is Come sign of spring; in summer, fullleaved trees "NTot to feel the urgent question The last rays of the sun

enfold -1- Of dark pine boughs that whisper to Light up the tallest mountain peak the shy, wild prairie life which seeks this the stars With flames of rose and gold, shrine, Is to lose the essence of all beauty And evening winds blow sharply down till autumn flashes her newminted gold. And set all reason under iron bars. With hint of winter's cold.

Close by the stream, hidden in a welcome shade, Who has known the strange and sweet The mist that late October wears the summer tepee of the Indian stood; communion Drifts down each little street,

henceforth the memory will never fade—With pulsing earth in one cool, starspun And lays blue shadows on the line

beautiful beneath the cottonwood. hour Where sky and treetops meet;

The cottonwoods lift tall and green, while Has learned the answer to all human questAll sounds seem sharply emphasized low ing The closing of a gate, against their roots the precious waters And opened the silken bud of wisdom's The lonely barking of a dog, flow. flower. The whistle of a freight.

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "-"""H.

Mi /''. n.'t

"->f r resident L/eorcfe Albert >mltk

Preservation And Repentance

, Q/n the Doctrine and Covenants we works, with sore affliction, with pestilence, find the Lord's warning of the condition of with plague, with sword, with vengeance, with devouring fire. (D. & C. 97:2126.) the this Saints that were find there world. We f

if this kept they land, inhabit to western and are living in a period of time when his commandments, this should be Zion unto We them. upheavals in the world are daily, almost

I will quote a few paragraphs from the momentary. Quite recently the most

Doctrine and Covenants to emphasize our terrible war of all time occurred; and

responsibility, because sometimes we seem to when that was finished, many people think that because we are blessed of the thought that would be the end of war.

Lord above all other people, we can with At present there is suspicion and jealthe of nations the amon earth, 9- that the things.....impunity are tempted ousy we, do. JCUfi fronts,fronts, j>ndand onon distantdistant andand a9ama(3am htln9 9 ifif 5 theythey right:right: toto do,do, eveneven areare justjust notnot fl?9htm |'ss failingfailing areare heartshearts forfor fear."fear."themthem "Men"Men

6 Therefore, verily, thus saith the Lord, let UnlessUnless thethe menmen andand womenwomen ofof thisthis &

Zion rejoice, for this is Zion—the pure in heart; nation,nation, andand ofof allall nations,nations, turnturn untounto thethe &

? therefore, let Zion rejoice, while all the wicked LordLord andand keepkeep hishis commandments,commandments, theythey S mourn. inin toto hishis favor;favor; continuecontinue cannotcannot hopehope andand V, lo behold and For vengeance speedily cometh isis ifif hishis them,them> thenthen fromfrom favorfavor removedremoved | WhirlWind; Sha11 3nd Wh hishis willwill thethe work.work. adversaryadversary dodo Sfit?'S predictedpredicted. beenbeen havehave things*ings WeWe Lord's shall scourge The pass over night by | TheseThef lastlast thethe toldtoId thatthat,havehave beenbeen inm day, daysdaYs the and by and report thereof shall all vex 1 | arise,arise, difficultiesdifficulties bebe- andand seriousserious wouldwould yea, it? people; shall not until be stayed the Lord

V come; forefore thatthat timetime thethe gospelgospel wouldwould bebe y

y For the indignation of the Lord is kindled preachedpreached toto thethe nationsnations ofof thethe earth.earth. y

against their abominations and all their wicked WhatWhat isis ourour difficulty?difficulty? ItIt isis thatthat menmen

said.said. hashas toto hearhear thethe LordLord refuserefuse whatwhat works.

Nevertheless, Zion shall escape... hishis toto toto wisewise paypay attentionattention TheyThey refuserefuse

counsel.counsel. *. absolutelyabsolutely i toto & L,*. TheyThey neglectneglecty

. 1 urhave ti.thought oh,i many a what y \ iUthatthat giveQive. toto i,hehe credencecredence, + u\ c & it-4., thethe., thingsthings.,,: a 4.U-thing ift,,, l.be forr wouldu*.-times, \tV comfortable that us, tT teaches us, and he will not be mocked. He

gives us the advice and the counsel that we need, but he will not compel us. But

Nevertheless, Zion shall escape, if she observe if we refuse, we lose our opportunity, and ro do all things whatsoever 1 have commanded it passes away from us, in many cases her. (Italics author's,) to return again no more forever.

But if she observe not to There is no other do whatsoever I have comremedy for the ills of manded her, I will visit (Concluded on following page) this world but repenther according to all her ance, there is no presOCTOBER 1950 773

THE EDITOR'S PAGE [Concluded from preceding page) been given to us in this latter day. light will shine in such a way that

ervation from the evils that will The holy scriptures are filled with others, observing our upright lives, overtake mankind but on terms of the teachings of a kind and merciful will be constrained to seek after righteousness. Unless men turn to Father, and today there are hunthe Redeemer of mankind, and to

the Lord, history will repeat itself dreds of the elders of this Church become identified with his Church, and destruction overtake the going to and fro in the "world, in preparation to living with him wicked. You already know that pleading for a hearing, that they eternally.

and understand upon may be able to point out the pathThat the Lord will strengthen our it—you,

whose heads have been laid the way of life and salvation. hands; that our voices may be made

hands of the servants of the Lord; This is our Father's work. The powerful in truth; that the Holy

upon whom has been bestowed the gospel of Jesus Christ has been Ghost may remain with the elders

Holy realize that restored to the earth for the last of this Church to inspire them to Priesthood—you

God will not be mocked and that time. It will never be taken away greater effort, that to the very ends

it is our duty as men of Israel to or given to another people, and upof the earth all men may have an go in love and in kindness and with on us devolves the responsibility and opportunity to know that this is charity to all men and share with obligation so to live that wherever God's work, I pray in the name of them this glorious message that has we go, or whatever we do, our Jesus Christ. Amen.

E VIDENCES. AND RECONCILIA TIONS

CXLVIImembers of the Council of When finally the Lord moved upon the Council to reorganize the FirstThethe Twelve are of equal priestWHO IS PRESIDENT hood authority. Yet when they Presidency, Brigham Young, then

meet in their deliberations one is President of the Council of Twelve, to be President of thecalled to act as chairman or PresiOF THE "TWELVE"? was called4

dent. Church.

Since these men are of equal This order of succession to the priesthood authority, it might be presidency of the Council of thought that any one of them might Dm srohvi Af. Widtsoe Twelve, and to the presidency of

be called to the presidential office. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE the Church has been followed, and

Under the practice of the Church, will continue to be the rule of the based upon the latterday revelaChurch until the Lord speaks and tions of the Lord, this is not done. ganization within the Church. The commands another procedure.

Instead, the senior member of the presidency of the Twelve was not When Brigham Young became council, that is, the one who has forgotten. President of the Church, Elder

Orson Hyde, a member of theheld the apostleship longest, is apIn this revelation the main priestoriginal of AposTwelve Quorum as sustained thepointed and are preof officers the Church Presihood sustained as President of tles, was of the the Councildent of Twelve acfor their 5 to the sented Church the Council of Twelve. He was soApostles. ceptance. After presenting the

sustained years. However, for many first apostolic of the The members with Patriarch, and the President

In overlooked. been one fact had all called at the in this day,quorum the President his two counselors, October then 1838, Orson Hyde, time, accordwere arrangedsame is prethe Council of Twelve of

illjust recovering serious from a their ages. B.ing to Elder Thomas "I words: in the following sented,

ness, yielded to had the importunisenior the became memberMarsh servant Brigham give unto you my ties B. of to sign Thomas Marsh the Council, of President butand the over president a to be Young

1 vicious a paper against Josephapostatized and excommuniwas council."traveling twelve The 1 Smith. Brother promptwas Hyde left the Church. That fromcated the of the of Counmembers names

off ly cut the from of Church, and the ranking AposBrigham Young later given, cil preventing thus are tle. course lost his apostleship. The

any misunderstanding. charges against the Prophet were, The position of Brigham Young

as President of the Council of Since that time there has been no however, shown to be unfounded.

Twelve was confirmed by the Lord deviation from the rule that the Brother Hyde repented and was preside should senior member his over restored to position as anin given revelation 19, a January 2 In troublesome the the Council. 27, 1839. 7 Apostle on This June little 1841. more than This was

three years before the martyrdom days following the death of the incident made Brother Hyde a junof Joseph Smith. During these years Prophet, Brigham Young became ior rather than a senior member of

Joseph was moved upon by the Lord the President of the Council, the Council. In matters of senioruntil President was a newto set up securely the order of orwhich,

presided the Church. over chosen, *D.H.C.Jjournal History,VII:621623.6 April 1848.

iD.H.C. 11:248. VD.H.C. 111:168 and The Gospel Kingdom, p. 188.

2D. 6 C. 124. D. & C. 124:127. 'Ibid., 111:379.

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ity, in case of an excommunication, Rudger Clawson, the next ranking... What was it? The visions of

the length of service dates from the member of the Council, was aptheir minds were opened, and it was time of reentry, should they occur, pointed acting president, and so necessary that a few should receive into the Quorum. When this matserved until President Lund's death light, knowledge, and intelligence

ter was considered by the First when Elder Clawson became the that all the powers of earth and

Presidency and the Council of the President of the Council. hell could not gainsay or compete

Twelve, John Taylor assumed the So runs the story of the presiwith."9

presidency of the Council. 8 dency of the Twelve. The principle Here is the list of the men who

President Heber J. Grant sucfollowed in the past will no doubt be have been sustained as Presidents

ceeded President Joseph F. Smith followed in the future, except as the of the Twelve:

as President of the Church in 1918. Lord may speak and command Thomas B. Marsh

In the Council of the Twelve at changes. It is well for Latterday Brigham Young

that time the next in order of seniorSaints to understand these matters Orson Hyde ity was Anthon H. Lund, who was as they pertain to the Quorum of John Taylor

serving as a counselor in the presithe Twelve upon which lies the Wilford Woodruff dency of the Church. An Apostle responsibility of maintaining the Lorenzo Snow

does not surrender his rights in presidential leadership of the Franklin D. Richards

the Quorum of Apostles by being Church. Brigham Young (Jr.)

called to serve in the First PresiIt is equally well to understand Francis M. Lyman

dency. To preserve President the words of Brigham Young conHeber J. Grant

Lund's rights in priesthood succescerning the Twelve Apostles of the Anthon H. Lund

sion, he was sustained as President Church, words which hold as well Rudger Clawson of the Twelve, though retaining his for those of the present as of the George Albert Smith place in the First Presidency. Elder past: George F. Richards

aposthem "What constituted Gospel sThe Kingdom, (John Taylor) pp. 1829Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 343. (1941

194. witnesses to the world? G. Homer Durham. Ed. edition. tles—special

in life, and

IDUSTandtherepeatcobwebsthemofftotheyourself,words "AM What MY interdependentso doing, to conquerway himself.of

"I am my brother's keeper."would happen if a meeting were

Then say them again, think them, BROTHER'S KEEPER?"called of all the men in the United

speak them. And as you do, rememStates who watch after your health,

ber that you are not blindly repeatd5u (Druce 3. sjennini keep the milk clean, tend to sewage

ing a timeworn platitude long since disposal, and during that meeting, thrown on the junk heap of forgotthrough some unforeseen calamity, ten Sunday School truisms, but are those men were destroyed? If a pesuttering the first law of modernday er who in turn obtained it from Jones, tilence followed, you would very

living! the rancher, whose place is way over hurriedly awaken to the fact that

Your grandfather, or maybe your on the other side of the state. (It is these men served you, just as you

greatgrandfather, could keep body like the house that Jack built. ) The served them. You would know that

and soul together by using the proddishes you ate from, where did they they are needed just as you are ucts raised on his own plot of come from? From the eastern states, needed in the whole world of things.

ground, cared for with his own made with machinery manufactured Perhaps our time schedule would hands. But much has taken place in England, made from metal mined reverse, and our increased longevity

since Greatgrandfather's day. His in the Dutch East Indies, which was would plummet like an elevator with

independence and selfsufficiency carried to'Britain on a ship built in a broken cable.

went flying with the coming of the California. The dress you are wearCan the most complacent, the most

selfsufficient, flatter himself byindustrial revolution and the genesis ing, or the suit—who made it? Who

of quantity production. With the designed it? Who shipped it? Who thinking that he can make his way

growth of cities and the shrinkage of sold it? Who are all these millions alone? The depression of 1929 prothe globe through modern technologof people contributing to your pervides more than enough proof that all

ical advances, independent living sonal welfare and comfort? Why, people are tied together in a single,

disappeared like wood in a fire. Inyour brothers! unified existence. All groups were

terdependence became the way of The average longevity of Ameriaffected and all suffered when the life. can man has increased twenty years economic disease spread.

What did you have for breakfast or more over the last century. This The world has shrunk to the size

this morning? Cereal from Michihas been brought about through the of Greatgrandfather's farm. Mister,

gan, orange juice from California, or everincreasing ability of man to conyou are no longer the farmer's son if you prefer, grapefruit from Aritrol cooperatively his environment. you are a citizen of the world. You

zona or Florida; bacon from the Man is conquering his environment; are your brother's keeper, whether

butcher who bought it from the packhe is learning to adjust himself to an you know it or not!

OCTOBER 1950 '775 PRESIDENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY

Principal BENJAMIN CLUFF, JR. GEORGE H. BRIMHALL FRANKLIN S. HARRIS HOWARD S. McDONALD CHRISTEN JENSEN,

KARL G. MAESER acting

presidentm certain periods in the lives of land. Later converts were from effect upon Brigham Young UniverAT men and institutions it is fitting Great Britain, Scandinavia, and sity since the turn of the century.

'to look back to evaluate the the countries of Holland, SwitzerThey established academic freedom significance of what has happened. land, and Germany. The educain thought and research wherein

As Brigham Young University aptional standards and institutions the pursuit of truth could flourish proaches its seventyfifth anniverof these lands were the best in without hindrance. Phenomenal resary on October 16, 1950, those who the world. Although many of the sults were soon manifest in the prohave partaken of its spirit feel a Saints were from the proletarian duction of brilliant scholars and

desire to reflect upon its achieveclass, they were imbued with a high learned publications which disments and the causes of its success. respect and a desire for education. seminated the achievements of reThe university is deeply indebted The great German universities search laboratories and seminars.

to a rich cultural heritage. Of prime which rose to a new height in the We owe the German gymnasium

importance is the background of eighteenth century began a new era and normal schools a tremendous the Latterday Saints themselves. in higher education. They have debt of gratitude for the training

Most of the early members and had an overwhelming influence upon and educational ideals which they practically all of the original leaders European and American univerimparted to Karl G. Maeser, who

of the Church came from New EngsitjejLgand through the latter a great took the reins of leadership of Brigham Young Academy six months after the school was authorized.

The German musical conservatories have made us their debtors through their training of such men as Albert Miller, Robert Sauer, and Anthon Lund, who began the great musical traditions of this university.

Of greatest significance in the growth of Brigham Young University has been the high educational standards of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints.

The ideals and teachings of the

Church are most important in their relation to education. Salvation is

not only the result of the acceptance of the Christ and the atonement but is also attained through the growth of intelligence and character which continues throughout eternity. Consequently, education and moral livArchitect's of the drawing field housed now under -consUjucfipn

lofty the influence of under -. -.

Cs>-t t.r ing * C\

spiritual ideals are of supreme and of the normal school of Lewis Building, first home of B.Y.U. 1875J884 Friedrichstadt, Germany. He had

been a vicedirector of the Budich

Educational Institute in Dresden.

Here was a typical German scholar and gentleman with personal refinement, selfdiscipline, and a passion for perfection in academic work. His systematic and efficient

administration, his love for his proAirview of present upper campus

RETROSPECT

B,'i

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

importance. Faith in spiritual principles is coordinate with exercise of

reason and intelligence.

The glory of God is intelligence....

And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come. (D. & C. 93:36; 130:19.)

The freedom of the mind in the quest for truth was emphasized by the Prophet Joseph Smith when he the moral and spiritual ideals would fession, and his faith in its imsaid, grow and develop along with the portance gave it a dignity which intelligence. His parting instrucwas inspiring. There was also in

I stated to Mr. Butterfield, reply In that tion to Karl G. Maeser was, "You him a profound devotion to his in difference sentiment the prominent most

between the Latterday Saints and secmust not attempt to teach even the Church and a deep love for his stutarians was that the latter were all ciralphabet or the multiplication table dents. Furthermore,, he was one

cumscribed by some peculiar creed, which without the Spirit of the Lord."of the most colorful, magnetic, and

deprived the members of the privilege of By 1869 the Latterday Saints dynamic personalities ever to appear believing anything not contained therein, whereas the Latterday Saints have no had overcome the initial hardships in a Utah school. It is not surpriscreed, but are ready to believe all true of colonization. The need was felt ing that he made a powerful imprinciples that exist, as they are made of having a school where youth of pression upon his students to semanifest from time to time. (D. H. C. V. the Church could receive instruccure their affection and enthusiastic

215.) tion. Accordingly, on October 16, cooperation. When financial trouThe educational philosophy of 1875 President Young established bles and the fire of 1884 threatened

Brigham Young is likewise one of Brigham Young Academy in Provo to close the school, he labored hard exceeding breadth and insight. where religion as well as secular with resolution and courage to keep

education could be taught. Warren it from closing. In those trying

Education is the power to think clearly, Dusenberry, the first principal, retimes he was given great aid and world's to act well in the the power work, signed in the spring of 1876. Thereencouragement by President A. O. life. to appreciate... Every the power and

art and science known and studied by the upon President Young appointed Smoot, head of the Church Board children of men is comprised within the Karl G. Maeser, who had been a of Education.

gospel. (The Improvement Era XXIII. tutor of the Young children, to beBrother Maeser developed much

831; Discourses of Brigham Young, 1943 come head of the school. of the school atmosphere and many

246.) ed., p.

The choice of Karl G. Maeser of the unique traditions and ideals

He would also have religion perwas most fortunate. He was a which have been characteristic of

meate education in such a way that graduate of the Dresden gymnasium (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1950 777 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY IN RETROSPECT

Young University and the executive title from principal to president. He

established the first summer school in Utah and brought in many of the nation's great educators to teach there. This had a marked

effect in stimulating the desire for higher education and better teaching.

President Cluff introduced new departments and laboratories to the school and was most active in promoting the erection of new buildings. The education, college, and

training school buildings were the result of his vigorous promotion.

He was aware of the great role of extracurricular student activities as a means of developing leadership, providing wholesome recreation, and creating a vital school spirit.

Accordingly, he instituted student class organizations, a school paper,

The White and Blue, and the athletic sports of football, basketball, and track. His administration thus

marked the beginning of a new era, the collegiate. He did not remain

long enough to realize the fulfilment of this, for Brigham Young University was still largely a secondary school with a normal school and a small college department with fewer than fifty students attached to it.

But he opened the door to outside learning and scholarship and created the nucleus of a university according to the academic traditions

Some buildings on the campus; left, Education Building, Maeser Memorial Building; and right, from of the great German and American

top, Joseph Smith Building, Brimhall Building, and Heber J. Grant Library. universities.

Dr. George H. Brimhall suc-

(Continued from preceding page) gave instruction in this practical ceeded President Cluff in December the school ever since. Religion, field to many students, and much 1903. He was another of the able

moral integrity, rich social fellowof the curriculum was adapted to students developed by Dr. Maeser.

ship, and aesthetic appreciation what is now known as the secondHe secured a bachelor of pedagogy were fostered by him as important ary level of education. degree and the honorary degree of

aspects of education. The PolyIn 1892 Dr. Maeser was sucdoctor of literature at Brigham

sophical Society, which brought ceeded by Benjamin Cluff, Jr. He Young University. He was a great

intellectual and aesthetic entertainwas a former student of Brother orator and teacher with a dynamic ment to the students, became the Maeser and had been one of the and vibrant personality. Few men

forerunner of the rich cultural offirst Utahns to obtain a college in the Church were his equal as ferings which are characteristic of degree, which he secured at the an inspiring speaker. He generated

the "Y."University of Michigan in 1890. He powerful spiritual and moral conThe popularity of the dynamic was a brilliant teacher and a vigorvictions in the youth who attended

leader and the new school grew ous, creative administrator who had the school, through his powerful rapidly throughout the Church. a vision of making the academy eloquence expressed in short serSome of Utah's most distinguished grow into a university. He inspired mons. His intense love for the

citizens and leaders have pointed many young men and women to school and devotion to the Church to his inspiration as a contributing leave the state to become trained were manifest in his arduous labors.

factor in their success. The state in the best universities in the counHis task was one of consolidation

and Church benefited greatly from try. From this new supply of trained and integration rather than one of

the excellent teachers who were leadership he recruited many of his spectacular innovations. It was

trained by the school's normal deteaching staff. He had the name of actually during his administration

partment. A commerce department the school changed to Brigham [Continued on page 852)

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ARLG.

AESER Latterday Saint

Educator

Dm rtma /*\ ISvurtovi**

n [ove was his bow, and truth was his arrow,"George H. Brinthall's

statement about the teaching of Karl

G. Maeser.

KARL GOTTFRIED MAESER

faith his to tested and America. Gottfried His Maeser wasKarl

the first too, in other elder wife for as ways, man an Anna were wasSouth—acalled callto fillwhicha missionhe accepted,to the

and woman to be baptized into he was forced to carry his traveling laboring in the state of Virginia the Church of Jesus Christ of Latequipment, at this time considered most of the time. To finance himter-day Saints in Germany. Their a menial task by this aristocratic self, he was able to teach music to

baptism in October 1855 marked the professor. Finally he bent even to many prominent families, including

beginning of a fruitful harvest of this task, saying, "Well, they have the family of exPresident Tyler of souls in that country. Elder Maeser the priesthood, they have told me Richmond.

was ordained an elder and called to go, and I will go,"and carried At the completion of the mission, to preside over the small group of his carpetbag to the station. the Maesers returned to Philaconverts, eight in number, who had He was honorably released from delphia where Karl was made presijoined the'Church including the his labors in England and with his dent of the Philadelphia ConferMaesers. family continued his journey to ence, a position he held until June

After his baptism the spirit of America, landing July 4, 1857. On of 1 860, when he resumed his jourgathering rested on Elder Maeser. the journey over, tragedy had ney to Utah. The Maesers traveled

On June 6, 1856, having resigned stalked them, for a second son who in Patriarch John Smith's company, his teaching position in Dresden, he had been born to them in England taking four months to cross the and his family and a small company sickened and died. Burial took plains. Once again Elder Maeser's

set out for London, England, on place among a strange people training had illsuited him to such their way to America. The ability who spoke a tongue foreign to hardships, but he arranged for

of Elder Maeser was soon apparent the Maesers. The trials did not those to travel with him who could

to those in England, and he and end with this sorrow. When the help him with the tasks of harhis wife and small son were reMaesers had landed, they had no nessing, hitching, and driving the

quested to remain in London to money to continue their journey to oxen.

preach to the German people there Utah. Karl located in Philadelphia Soon after his arrival in Salt

and later to serve as missionaries in for a few weeks but could not find Lake, Elder Maeser arranged to

Scotland. Ever faithful to his prework. Their need for food became open a school in an old meetingsiding brethren, he remained, while so great that on one occasion he house and granary. His signal sucthe rest of his company continued had to lull his small son to sleep cess undoubtedly drew the atten-

"Adapted from a thesis Karl G. Maeser, Educato stop his cries for food. In the tion of Brigham Young, for in the

tor, written 1950.University, by Alma P. Burton at Brigham Young midst of these circumstances, Karl {Concluded on following page)

OCTOBER 1950 779 KARL G. MAESER

{Concluded from preceding page) organized and taught the work in include the subjects treated in every spring of 1861 Elder Maeser was the first normal department of the class, giving reference to textbooks appointed to direct the Union AcadDeseret University (later the Uniused and the plan followed; the

emy. His pay in the new country versity of Utah ). rollbook included the regular daily

consisted of such items as squash, President Brigham Young called attendance, punctuality, and prepapotatoes, carrots. From his year's Elder Maeser to organize the first ration of the students. "Incomplete

experience in the Union Academy, Church university, Brigham Young and unreliable records should conElder Maeser went to the Twentieth Academy at Provo, Utah. Karl demn any teacher in the eyes of his

Ward where he organized a threeMaeser's query was: "President superiors and of the public,"was

department school. His success as Young, I am ready to go to Provo; Elder Maeser's terse comment.

a teacher was surpassed only by what are your instructions?"The In 1888 the First Presidency

his success as a public speaker reply came with forceful intensity: called Karl G. Maeser to become

whose services were in constant de- "Only this: You ought not to teach the first superintendent of all Church

mand. However, busy as he was, even the alphabet or the multiplicaschools. For two years he served in

his economic status was perilous. tion tables without the Spirit of God two capacities—as president of

Frequently the Maesers had to sit That is all. God bless you."No the Brigham Young Academy

down to a meal of flour mush and group of students ever assembled and as superintendent of all Church homemade molasses. under the tutorship of Karl G. schools. In 1890 Benjamin Cluff was

In 1864, Karl became private Maeser who did not feel in his appointed to act as assistant princitutor to the children of President teachings the application of Brigpal.

Brigham Young. In this position, ham Young's instructions. On January 4, 1892 Dr. Maeser

the best he had held since coming By training, Elder Maeser was concluded his direct connection with to America, he was relieved of colwell-qualified for this position. His the school. His great ability aslecting tuition, the drudgery of spiritual background made him one sured the success of his wider acjanitorial work, and criticism. This of the earth's greatest. He believed tivity as head of the Church school

position enabled the Maesers to implicitly in the worth of the indisystem. The same meticulous dilipurchase a lot and commence a vidual soul and in the need for gence was practised in this new

individual growth. But he also becalling. His unusual qualificationshome—the first they would be able

to call their own. Their happy anticlieved firmly in the value of discialso called him to become successipation was changed into another pline. As he said, "Discipline is ively second assistant and first aschannel, for in the April 1 867 generthe climate of the school."But in sistant to George Q. Cannon in the

al conference, Elder Maeser's name an age when severity was advoDeseret Sunday School Union. Durwas read to fill a mission to Gercated, he also said, "The exercise ing January of 1894 Elder Maeser

many and Switzerland. He was of authority without intelligent juswas called on a special mission to

overjoyed to be returning to his tice and kind consideration is California to arrange Church eduhomeland where he might labor to tyranny, and obedience without cational exhibits in the San Franof the heart or brain is cisco fair. The exhibits were well convert his own people—but he was consent

worried over the financial status slavery."received and helped give the Church

of his family. However the Maeser His philosophy of education is a good name in educational circles.

faith exceeded their worry—the summed up beautifully in his book, In addition to his school and

Lord had helped them before, School and Fireside, the reading of Church activities, Dr. Maeser had he would help them again. His which even today is provocative of

a particularly keen interest in gene- a success youth. lead from good every mission was among those who

last alogy. day of his life On the viewpoint to his In addition one: but rare teaching been had He as his sisterin-law to he mentioned

unable to bring the gospel message ability, Elder Maeser was a superb he returned home from work, "I am to his people; they had instead organizer. He believed in careful exceedingly happy. I have just met

labored to shake Karl's faith. records, which could be checked, Brother John Nicholson who told required four he kinds to and rein 1870 Elder Maeser When last for the that name the work be me

historical, general, maintained: reghis mission, turned his from wife finhas been record temple of my studies, ister of rollbooks. and The fiftythe him handed Anna same pernight ished today."he That

cent piece he had given her three historical record should contain formed for his granddaughter and in the which occurred before, the years only he changes money for he of the family, other members buildings, board, faculty, improvethe time his received had at he had a naturalborn and mimic was mission call. He also was amazed ments; the general record should actor. After an evening of fun and

to see both rooms of their two room include the name, age, address of amusement, he retired to his bed, home completely finished and furstudents, their parents, the time of and during the night he passed the department and nished "store"with carpets on the entrance, 1901 died enaway. February 15, He

register tered; the of studies should curtains at floors and the windows. at the years, of seventyfive age

Their faith had been amply releaving a name that will command warded. respect as long as the people of

Karl resumed his teachiag at the If you love the truth you can the Church of Jesus Christ of LatTwentieth Ward school and also remember it.—Brigham Young. terday Saints uphold education.

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AM BROUGHT FORTH Vo MEET YOU

V-5u cLajfeal lAJiakt

race appears to guard and protect Christ of Latterday Saints that the records of other races; all of he seems a part of the Church,

these records weaving the story of as alive as his message, an integral the house of Israel, of one kingdom, part of its doctrine.

of one God. Across the nation in Palmyra,

The statue of Moroni stands on New York, a bronze statue stands, holy ground, where buildings have high up, of this same Moroni. It

been erected and dedicated to the stands on the very hill he knew so performance of a divine work. It well—the hill that has been priviis fitting that it should stand there, leged, like the temple site, to become

a symbol, trumpeting to all the holy ground. In his hand is

world that the gospel spoken of clasped the precious book he helped through the ages, promised to the to bring forth—the Book of Morprophets by the Father, has been at mon. As though attesting to all

last ushered in. the world the authenticity of this

He stands as a missionary, reprebook, his right hand is raised upsenting the gospel he wrote about ward unto the heavens.

and preached. Many people stop President Heber J. Grant, in a

below him, look up inquiringly at dedicatory prayer at this same Hill

STATUE OF MORONI the radiant dignity of his bearing. Cumorah when the statue was unAT HILL CUMORAH They are people from all walks of veiled, said:

life, from many lands, from across the seas. Though they appear to We thank thee, oh, Father that thou

Fifteen hundred years ago, on rush hurriedly onward, they will didst allow thy devoted and faithful prophet, visit to Moroni, the this continent, boy the Joseph a man by small have caught in some measure that Smith; didst thou allow for four him of a of recorder Moroni, name the of Moroni. message long years the to meet Prophet this onhistory custodian of a ancient and

instruct and the regarding him princito This message them hill come may records, sacredand bade goodbye fit ples the of gospel, and prepare and him the great tones of a from organ, to this world with these words:

from the arrested flight of a sea establishedto stand at uponthe headthe ofearth,thy theChurch,Churchagainof

And now I bid unto all, farewell. I soon gull, from the push and pull of a thy Son, Jesus Christ.1

go to rest in the paradise of God, until my handcart, or from the stately pat- {Concluded on page 810) spirit shall reunite, again and body and I tern of flowers—the Dedicatory Prayer, President Heber J. Grant, Hill forth the triumphant brought througham 21, 1935. July gle flower perhaps—eachheart of havinga sinCumorah,air, to the pleasing meet before bar you

of the great Jehovah, the Eternal Judge of an existence through the restoraboth quick and dead. (Moroni 10:34.) tion of the gospel.

Who is Moroni?

Moroni's words were strangely He wrote only a small portion of prophetic. the Book of Mormon, ten short

Just before the turn of the twenchapters. And then his father, Mortieth century, a statue, symbolic of mon, supplied the words for most

the quality of Moroni's life and of them, as a father's counsel to his work,phant—inwasthebroughtair. It standsforth, ontriumthe son,the booksbeautifulare openedand wise.and Butall thingswhen

top of a temple spire, overlooking a are made known, Moroni will stand beautiful modern city, whose founforth as one of the great men of the dations were laid from the power earth, his own words, brave and of his message. It stands as a poignant, bearing out his spiritual

guardian in the clouds at times, strength: "And I, Moroni, will not

overlooking the buildings of the deny the Christ.... (Moroni

Church archives. And he who was 1:3.)

the last great prophet to guard and Moroni's life is so linked with write upon the records of his own the work of the Church of Jesus

OCTOBER 1950 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

(15. Ma(e5 2)r. Vuaune'f K FACES THE FUTURE

PROFESSOR OF PHYSICS AND CHAIRMAN, DIAMOND JUBILEE

ANNIVERSARY COMMITTEE, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

they one contemplates the future of Twentyfive years ago when the put, the following facts are given:

As Brigham Young University, his writer was a graduate student on The Physical Science building is mind will most naturally turn the campus of the California Instithe result of thirty years of dreamto the past where he sees the obtute of Technology at Pasadena, ing, three years of planning, and jective elements of her yesterdays. California, he was awed by the two years of building. It will cover

The old Lewis building, the school architect's plans for the fu142,000 square feet of floor space,

Z.C.M.I. warehouse, the Lower ture of that institution. He questhe equivalent of any other five

Campus, and the beautiful hillsite tioned very much that such an exbuildings on the campus. It conwhere one edifice after another has pansion in its physical facilities tains a few more than two hundred

been erected, pass in review before could ever be realized. As he visits distinct rooms, proportionately dishim. Other less objective but inthat campus today, he sees practitributed as classrooms, laboratories,

finitely more important and vital cally every one of those dreams fuloffices, and research, service, and elements from that past are the filled in structures of solid reinforced stock rooms. The departments of

legions of great men and women concrete, serving the enlarged stuPhysics and Mathematics, Chemiswho have passed through its doors dent body, faculty, and research try, Geology, and Engineering will and who have been moved by its specialists as classrooms and rehave permanent quarters in this spirit to live abundantly and to serve search laboratories. structure, and other departments of

effectively. Many have made outIn 1 946 Architect Fred L. Markthe College of Arts and Sciences

standing contributions in the fields ham prepared similar plans for the will use its classroom facilities.

of science, art, and literature, and future development of the physical The Field House has become the many others have assisted their plant of Brigham Young University. major project for the alumni organifellows in meeting the social, ecoAs many people viewed these plans, zation. Through the generous

nomic, and religious problems of they likewise wondered if such contributions of its members suptheir day. dreams would come true. Already, plementing funds from the TrusteeNo matter how impressive the in four short years, the Social Cenin-Trust of the Church, its erection

past of any man or any institution ter and Upper Campus dormitories is being made possible.

may be, no matter how great the have been completed, the twomil- The Field House proper will stature in character or deeds one's liondollar Physical Science building cover nearly 100,000 square feet of forebears might be, one must rewill be dedicated on October 17, floor space. It will contain a basketmember that he, too, will someday 1950, and the longhoped-for Field ball court surrounded by 5500

be an ancestor and that he is shapHouse is well under way. permanent seats, to which may be

ing the future in which others must In order that one may appreciate added for special games and events live. the magnitude of the last two units another 2500 to 5000 temporary

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bleachertype seats. An indoor dirt days when so much is said about Brigham Young University is our

track, oneeighth mile long, surthe incompatibility between science campus. To it we will send our

rounds the indoor practice football and religion, it expresses a faith sons and daughters that there they field. The east end of the structure in each of these great fields of will find and help foster the wholewill contain two large gymnasium human progress and a confidence some social and religious atmosfloors, several offices, and class, that each will support the other. In phere that results in clean living,

service, and physical activity rooms. the laboratories and classrooms of intellectual growth, and social ties

Every modern facility has been these great buildings the students and friendships that make for long, added to these buildings to insure of the future, as of now, will be happy, and successful lives."Nocomfort, to enhance instruction, to given an orientation for life. They where else in the world can such

encourage research, and to promote will have their scientific and rean environment be found for the the general knowledge and wellligious philosophies integrated into youth of the Church.

being of the students, faculty, a pattern of living that will bring The enrolment of twentynine alumni, and patrons of Brigham peace to their minds and joy to their students and one instructor seventyYoung University. The structure souls. Their whole experience will five years ago has grown to almost

and function of these buildings inbe a culmination or consummation 6000 students and 250 faculty spired one prominent Utah educaof lives of willing and effective servmembers, assembled from every tor to remark, "When I left the ice to their Church and their fellow state in our Union and from several wonderfully constructed and equipmen. foreign countries. The Diamond

ped buildings of an eastern univerLooking outward from the BrigJubilee student body of Brigham sity I never dreamed that one ham Young University perspective, Young University stands today should be so completely realized on "The world is our campus."It "rooted in the traditions and ideals

the campus of a Utah educational is the aim of the administration, of the past, serving the present, institution."faculty, and student body to mainand building for the future."Their

The fact that the Church of tain the ideals of living and to great potential of physical prowess,

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints render the service that the world is intellectual capacity, and spiritual will spend two million dollars for so much in need of today. Looking needs will be developed to give

a physical science building is in inward from the world outside, our intelligent and effective leadership itself an inspiring event. In these alumni and patrons will say, "The in the world of tomorrow.

THE UPPER CAMPUS

OCTOBER 1950 783 CHURCH WELFARE ACTION A X J. MELVIN TOONE RICHARD C. MAY MINIDOKA

L/ran l/l/klitakefTHEStakewelfarehad itsplanbeginningin the Minidokawith the & (Photographs by the author) first attempts of men in this section to make the desert blossom. Its or his crop in those days that his vegetables to the general committee

history leads us over the old freightbrethren did not come quickly to his for distribution where needed.

wagon road that began at Kelton, assistance. By this same axiom construction stake of began The off in a northwestertookUtah, and received their any of number none

in 1937. building stake a and wardly direction Valley (now to Marsh it with sharing without fortune good

to recogquick brethren were The the acrossAlbion, Idaho) Snake built all, a this in up and way they this in an that be opnize would Starr's atRiver then Ferry, on and that welcomed brotherhood strong to Fort Boise. every newcomer with a fellowship portunity to provide employment

Pioneering Latterday Saints that was unmistakable. for needy members. Through the

settled Oakley, Idaho, about this If there is one lesson the pioneer close cooperation of the contractor, time and long before an engineer's learned better than another it was Brother William H. Kloepfer, the

transient scanned what is now the to work, for only by work could building committee, and the stake

Minidoka Project. The railroad, he attain the necessities of life. presidency, a plan was set up

in need remembers many its into the northwest,pushing way others whereby with and sharing Working in fuel, ceived food, and clothing close Idaho. as as Minidoka,came a garden of making was the essence

Latterday Saints freighted and from a desert. Faith and works exchange for their labors.

helped to survey a network of canals built homes, meetinghouses, and The brethren of the Heyburn soon after this, which was to be the more important, the kingdom of W'ard, working as a group in 1938 means of spreading the waters of God. to alleviate the housing shortage in

the mighty Snake River over the The Minidoka Stake quickly aptheir ward, bought a sawmill, went broad, flat desert lands. Courageous proved the Church welfare plan as with their families to the mountains,

and hardworking men labored in outlined by the General Authoriand began hauling down logs to winter's cold and summer's heat, ties and proceeded immediately with saw up for lumber to provide homes and were lashed by high winds as preliminary surveys and followup for ward members. This was the

they strove relentlessly on with the work, which led to the establishing beginning of a project that was to task of building a dam and digging of projects providing opportunities grow into stake proportions in a the canals that would make a verfor work by those needing assistshort time. The following year,

dant land where once were only ance. By that time, some members seeking the aid of the general comdesert, howling coyotes, and roving may have forgotten the need for mittee in the purchase of additional

Indians. brotherhood and helpfulness, but equipment to transport timber from

They learned by hardship and there were yet enough who carried the canyons to the mill, the project privation the necessity of helping the pioneer spirit with them to make was brought under stake superviand loving each other. Such a the welfare plan desirable with the sion. Its operation on a ward basis

philosophy made homesteading posmembers of the Minidoka Stake. had fulfilled a noble purpose in maksible. No brother lost a loved one Early in the program it furnished ing the Heyburn Ward keenly apGroup of Rupert Third Ward members who turned out to

thin beets. Spring plowing on the Heyburn Ward farm.

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA preciative of the welfare plan. It

called for a completely organized welfare committee to plan and supervise its operation. It nurtured

the pioneer virtues of work and helpfulness with the brethren sharing their labors to produce the things they needed most. The brethren of the Heyburn Ward had

proved that it could be done, that it would work.

Stake supervision of the project was set up under a manager who spent his full time supervising the work of logging, hauling, and sawing of the timber. The scope of

the project now covered the whole stake, and brethren from all of the wards labored on the project for their needs. Many received lumber, and others were provided with

food and fuel through the welfare Dedicatory service at the stake welfare storehouse program. Lumber, over and above

the needs of the participants, was piled, seasoned, and sold. Better

methods and equipment were brought into the project, and Brother Joseph V. Lee, an expert sawyer,

spent his full time operating the mill.

This project remained active until all unemployed members of the stake were absorbed by the defense and war efforts. The mill and equipment remains intact and is operated

for short periods to accommodate brethren needing timber cut. It had

aided in completing more than a score of homes, farm outbuildings, and corrals. It is still the source of

materials for farm and welfare buildings.

President Richard C. May recognized that the Minidoka Stake could

best secure itself with agricultural projects, as its members were mostly Reshingling Rupert First Ward chapel farmers. He asked each bishop in

the ten wards of the stake to begin to take steps toward purchasing a ward farm on which the ward members could work together and produce the commodities they and the program would need. Full realization of this project seemed far in

the future, but the request fell on listening ears and found its way into understanding hearts. A short time

elapsed before the Heyburn Ward, which was fully organized and functioning in the welfare program, caught the true meaning of what (Continued on following page)

Heyburn sawmill at Heyburn, Idaho

OCTOBR 1950 785 CHURCH WELFARE IN ACTION

{Continued from preceding page) leadership his long experience as a gram the Relief Society entered this plan could do for the ward that bishop in the Church. His interest upon a project of renovating used

put it in operation. They purchased and understanding of the Church clothing and teaching the sisters

a fortyacre farm and began operwelfare program manifested itself how to sew and clothe their families.

ating it as a ward. The farm paid early in his administration. He These projects are in effect today,

for itself, provided the budget asinaugurated a "pig"project with and many worthy members in the signment to the welfare plan, a home the members of the priesthood quoMinidoka Stake and in the warfor a needy family, work and comrums in which everyone who could torn countries of Europe have been modities for the unemployed, brothwas to raise and fatten a pig, sell clothed and made comfortable at erhood and fellowship for the it, and turn the money into the stake night because of the handiwork of members of the priesthood. And welfare fund. Those unable to do the Relief Society sisters.

it increased the spirituality of the this were asked to turn in the equivDuring a visit to our stake conward membership. alent in cash. Over two hundred ference, Elder Henry D. Moyle adOther bishops heard the message, weaner pigs were farmed out the vocated that each family should

caught the vision, and went to work first year this project was put in have a storage of wheat. Acting

to provide their wards with farms. operation. upon this suggestion, the stake

Foremost among these was the The established projects of the launched a program to build up a

Emerson Ward, presided over by stake were not forgotten. None storage of wheat. It built a granary

Bishop }. Melvin Toone. The ward were more valiant in the work than by the cooperate effort of the memsaw in such a project the opportuPresident Toone himself. His spirit bers of the priesthood from lumber

nity of ward members working toand enthusiasm were contagious produced by the Heyburn sawmill gether, increasing their fellowship with the brethren of the stake who on a lot purchased for a welfare and spirituality, and enjoying the had already gone a long way in the site. That fall the granary was

blessings which come to those who welfare program. Men not only filled with wheat, and since that

follow the counsel of the Lord's gave of their time to the cause of time the stake has had wheat on servants. No one knew these truths the program but of their means as hand which can be turned to cereal,

better than Bishop Toone, who led well. Many of the brethren gave flour, or cash, whichever is needed

his ward in the purchase of a one hundred dollars annually to the most.

twentyacre farm. program and one brother, when the Funds from the pig project grew

The Rupert First Ward was next plan to raise funds began, manito such a proportion that the stake to purchase a fortyacre farm; the fested his faith in the work by dopurchased an eightyacre farm in

plan of each ward owning a farm nating one thousand dollars. As the Paul district for $14,500 with

was becoming a reality, and those the years went by, the welfare prothe purpose in mind of helping to wards who were yet unable to purgram in the Minidoka Stake rehabilitate stake members. During

chase land were operating farm marched steadily forward and with the war years all of the farm except projects on a sharecrop basis. Quoit the spirituality of its people. twenty acres was rented to Church

rums were becoming active in asNo history of the welfare promembers on sharecrop basis. The

sisting their own members. The gram is complete without some mentwenty acres was operated as a

cooperative work plan by stake tion of the vital part played by the stake project by the stake presimembers was manifest in many Relief Society and the manifold dency and high council. It was

ways: It shingled meetinghouses, and efficient services it renders to planted to wheat and furnished the

built additional rooms for widows, the program. All of the projects welfare budget allotment and kept

improved seminary buildings and undertaken by the Minidoka Stake the stake's supply replenished.

grounds, completed the erection of have had the quiet, loving support The great call on the welfare the Minidoka Stake building. The of the Relief Society and its memprogram for our members in Europe

latter was the stake's largest project bers. At the beginning of the profollowing the war found the Minirequired of thousandsand man > Hundredsdoka Stakeof packagesprepared wereand shippedready. well as largehours of labor as sums

of money. The welfare program SIGNATURE by the Central Idaho Region, which

played a vital part in this project, by this time was under the chairand although the members of the By Gilean Douglas manship of President Toone. His

this in stake foremost great wasstake duties obligahad and many in my books nor in the moon of own NOT sisters for effort brethren our and thistions at time, the dreaming prosLord rest find tonight. Shall I in Clothing, comforters, Europe.pered them and made them equal

find rest shall I never again Perhaps blankets, as well as items of food their tasks.to many this is half frenzy sweet which From

In September 1942 the General delight were eagerly packaged and sent on the half of anguishing urgent And sisters pain. their of the stake way. The release to PresiAuthorities saw fit

Is this bitter truth joy's or only seeming?

call quilts for the answered and his duties as stakedent May from president. He carried well the reAll I can know is that I walk above blankets again and again by reearth touch laggard and The their in the stake. plenishing stocksponsibility establishing of and

I sky; the to feel against laugh My head sisters spent and days Brethren and flourishing stake.building up a little He large, the to turn small grow The

was succeeded by J. Melvin Toone. much, nights wrapping and addressing

a name thatIn assuming his responsibility, AndWhichall stampsconvergemy withinlife foreverthe mysticwith sealmy packages, each bearing

President Toone brought to stake love. {Continued on page 846)

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RICELESS evieaton

OF THE SPANISHAMERICAN MISSION the chapel for home. When she

excitedly explained to her husband record of the day, the month, or that she must go to the cemetery even the year. But by leading at once, he tried to restrain her,

these people into talking about the telling her that it was raining and incident, often the researcher can asking why she wanted to hunt up learn the exact date of some of these the dead. But she was not to be

important happenings. daunted, and at the conference in

all night, she that came the branch said no record she had mother A longr her found smiles, for she had death. father's all The of her at

question was asked: "Do you resought-for treasure. This family

member how old your children were group sheet is now complete and when your father died?"With the temple ordinances performed.

pathos and reverence in her voice, Until we have exhausted every posshe replied, "He was very sick sible avenue for securing the neceswhen my son, Juan, was born, and sary data, we have not done our he died the next morning about five duty to our loved ones who have o'clock. It was a terrible experigone on without a knowledge of the

ence,"she concluded. Since the restored gospel.

son's birth date had already been While the heir on each family line has a great responsibility and a marvelous privilege to both the

Sister Maria Gomez Plata, mother of seventeen children, pauses at the door of the living and the dead, the work of discovering after California, in Fresno, chapel her purse collecting genealogical data is not she had in certificates legal that the contained much valuable genealogical inforlimited to the heir. The spirit of mation.

Theriage,true orvaluedeathof legalcertificatesbirth, marhas manyElijah whohas aretouchednot heirs,the andheartsif theof been greatly underestimated definitely established, it was easy heir of a certain line is not interamong our Mexican genealogy to establish the precise date. The ested in collecting this important

seekers. It is not at all uncommon answer to this one question meant data, someone else will be given

for our Mexican people to say, "I that one more loved one could have the inspiration to go ahead.

can't remember when my father his baptism and endowments perBrother Eufemio Salazar of the died,"or "I don't know when my formed for him and that the entire Phoenix Branch presidency is not mother and grandmother were family could be sealed together the heir to his father's household, born."since the father's death date was for he was not the first male to be

Of course they cannot remember, the only information missing. baptized into the Church during

neither can we who were born in On another occasion, the death life. He has, however, possibly

the Church remember all these date of a grandparent was estabextended the genealogical research dates, even though we have had lished by the purchase of a home, of his family line farther back into access to family records since infor the death occurred just a week the history of the past than any fancy. It is surprising how many after the final papers were signed. other member in the SpanishAmeri-

dates they do remember, when they In a little mountain community, can Mission.

have had so few occasions to recall the Relief Society sisters were disBrother Salazar found that Juan them and no reminders on paper cussing genealogy, and one sister de Salazar (his seventh greatanywhere in the house. emphatically replied that she had grandfather) was the founder of

To get the information necessary gone just as far as she could, for Santa Fe, New Mexico. He was

to do the temple work for their she had no records of the birth or born in Spain in 1555, and his dead, it is necessary for the one death of any of the family. After father, who was one of the conhelping to secure this data to be a exhausting all other possibilities, the quistadores, was born in Auvergne,

real psychologist. It is only natural teacher asked the question as to France, in 1520. Back still another

for the person being questioned to their burial place. The answer generation, he found that his ninth

become emotionally disturbed upon was: "About four miles from here."greatgrandfather was Francisco

being asked such important quesHer face lighted when the suggesSalazar, born in France in 1472, tions. Often people have been asked tion was made that all the dates just twenty years before Columbus

regarding the death date of a relanecessary might be on the headdiscovered America. The father

tive only to say that there is no stones in the cemetery, and the of Francisco was Hector, born in minute the last song was sung and 1443, and his father, Juan de Sala- *Sister Jones is SpanishAmericanthe wife of Elder Mission.Lorin F. Jones, the prayer offered, this sister left (Continued on page 847) of thepresident

OCTOBER 1950 787 w on a Family

take turns entertaining each other.

When Sister Holsinger's side has charge of the evening, she prepares the family's favorites for dinner, with maybe popcorn balls and candy or cake and punch for later on.

Brother Holsinger was not a member of the Church when this all began, but he joined in the family fun and later joined the Church.

Now his team is famous for humorous tricks and centerpieces to liven up the meals, while a new game is often the treat of the evening on his nights.

Everyone in the Holsinger family helps serve the dinner and clear the dishes afterwards. Then they

play games such as monopoly or checkers or hunt the thimble. Sometimes it's a movie the whole family

has been wanting to see. Whatever type of amusement the family

teams choose, they all agree that

Indians ago. hid where from enemies years CAVE KUNA

The Biorge and Stout families enjoy outing. an Marion Mildreth Stout and Biorge peer over the it is fun to do things together.

edge of the cave while Fredrick Biorge starts the down ladder followed by David Stout. Baby Etna Brother L. D. Holsinger will tell

looks Mira Biorge contentedly on from chair her in the background.

you that it seemed difficult at first few years ago when her Bee even felt the same way when they obligations,to close Fridaybut nightssoon tohe allwassocialso

Hive leader asked Kathleen were my age? I also discovered thoroughly enjoying their familyA Maughan how she happened to why they were so strict with me."nights that he found himself refushave such a fund of knowledge upon She grinned a bit selfconsciously. ing to allow anything to break into

so many subjects, she answered, "My parents love me. They just their activity.

"We study and discuss things in want to be sure that I do the things Boise has other enthusiastic "famnight.our family will each which One night make me the happiest in ily nighters,"among them Presidentweek, our whole family togets the long run."

gether. We play our instruments, Kathleen's Bee Hive leader Z. Reed Millar of the Boise Stake.

sing songs, have the 'yummiest'thrilled to hear her confide how

Smorgasbords, and my father reads much she had grown to love and articles and books which we have appreciate her parents, President chosen to study."and Sister J. Howard Maughan of

Kathleen continued to tell of the Logan, Utah, during the two years discussions which the family entered they had been enjoying family into upon anything which puzzled nights.

them personally or was of interest Not long ago, the Holsingers to them on a universal plane. "You moved from Twin Falls to Boise.

know,"Kathleen added thoughtTheir bishop's wife in Twin Falls fully, "I never realized how smart had made family nights sound like my parents were until I listened to such fun that Sister Holsinger was them give their opinions on all kinds determined to try the plan in her of subjects. Somehow I did not own home. Following the method of

realize that they had really been the bishop's wife, the Holsingers like me and knew exactly how divided into two teams with the

I felt. Do you know, they had parents heading the teams. They

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA days, and President Millar insists upon buying only for "all cash."

When the figures were added up, the new car could be purchased, but it would take almost all the money the family had in the bank.

Sister Millar looked ahead to Christmas. She began to add up

Dm their Christmas wants wouldSlGHTER? J jrlorence v>ltomeT what cost. When both figures were put

(Concluded on page 810) Brother and Sister Millar feel that the growth and development this plan affords their children cannot be measured.

Casual spontaneity best describes the Millar's "family night."The

children entertain in whatever manner they choose, and their parents find this to be an excellent way to determine where the different children's talents and interests lie. Such

knowledge enables them to offer training and encouragement where it will do the most good.

Sister Millar has often found that she could easily turn the children's minds back to a Sunday School,

Primary, or public school lesson which she felt they had not completely understood. All together, as

a family, they go over the story or lesson and, at the opportune moment, Brother and Sister Millar may make the necessary comment to clear up any question in the mind of the youngster. What a golden Everyone helps prepare for "family night"by clearing away the dishes in the Holsinger household.

opportunity for parents to nip misconceptions in the bud which, if allowed to remain in a child's mind, The Millar family enjoying a "family night"of musical entertainment.

might cause apostasy or seriously affect his attitude in adult life.

President Millar, who was recently released as president of Boise

Stake, grows most enthusiastic over family night possibilities as a springboard for true democracy. He finds

family nights to be excellent for presenting family problems and receiving the counsel and cooperation of the entire family in all matters pertaining to themselves.

A recent example of the Millar democracy in action was the purchase of a new family automobile.

The matter was presented to the entire family during a holiday when the older children were home from school. It was readily agreed that

the old car had served its purpose and that the amount of driving

President Millar was forced to do in his private practice and Church work warranted a new car. But

automobiles are expensive these

OCTOBER 1950 789 One of the many frequent floods that occurred in Men making a dike for irrigation. One shovels and

1949 as a result of cutting off the plant cover from the other pulls on a chain attached to the shovel.

the foothills.

Dm Ljeoraefeorae JtetuartJtiewan t

FORMER MEMBER Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD MEMBER OF AGRICULTURAL COMMISSION TO IRAN GOVERNMENT, 1949 RAN

has appeared frequently Iran Resembles Utah and timely frost or a period of normally Iran in the news columns in reNevada Physically low precipitation may put a district cent months, and it is likely of Iran on the verge of starvation.

that it will continue to appear perIran is a land of mountains and This prevents much attention to haps for some years to come. The valleys, foothills and salt flats. Most growing feed for livestock, which

reasons lie in the fact that Iran has of it is on a plateau 4,000 to 7,000 sustain themselves on straw from a strategic location both physically feet in elevation. In latitude it wheat, barley, beans, or lentils, and

and politically, and that in addition, would extend from about Reno, on such roughage as can be it is buffeted by ideologies diametNevada, or Nephi, Utah, to a bit gathered from the uncultivated rically opposed to each other. It beyond the Mexican boundary. It lands. After more than two thouis a hallway in the Middle East is arid, and a part of it desert in sand years of this local grazing,

through which nations pass in goaspect. The precipitation varies the plant cover near the settled

ing from one geographic section to from four to five inches in the areas is badly damaged. Most of

another, and the people who live desert areas to ten, twelve, fifteen, the really desirable forage plants in one geographic section of the and twenty inches in the agriculhave been killed or relegated to less

Middle East have different ideas tural belt in the alluvial valleys accessible places.

and ideals from those who live in near the mountains. The mountains Also, near the villages and smallanother part. Finally, these various receive heavy snow, probably more er towns, a great deal of the fuel

peoples who live on the borders of than comes in Utah, as they are is obtained by cutting off or pulling

Iran are sometimes envious of the higher by 1,000 to 3,000 feet in up the small brush. It is carried

domain of each other. It has been certain parts. Streams flow from to the village in bundles on the

thus for many years. It is likely to the mountains, and these streams backs of donkeys. This leaves

largely the barcountryside nearby domestic water, for stock are used in future. the for years thus some be floods to greatly exposed and irrigation. supplies, and Many ren reaSaints have Latterday many to erosion, of the lack owing and villages underground on depend

in Iran. to be interested sons Some vegetation. protective

efficient means but no have water of these reasons are based on geogof getting it to the surface, except raphy, some on manner of life, some in a woefully few places where an Subject to Communist on religion; but some are even more occasional pump has been installed. Propaganda

importantly based on the struggle The principal forms of agriculOn the north, Iran borders the for ideals to live by, principally the ture are crop growing for human Caspian Sea where a fringe about ideal that people are entitled to food, and grazing. Fourfifths of thirty to fifty miles in width refreedom and the pursuit of hapthe people are engaged in agriculceives thirty to sixty inches of

piness. A nearstarvation level of ture to grow food for the nation. precipitation. Agriculture is intenwelfare in Iran works against a So little do they use laborsaving sive and the population dense in

stronglynourished level in the devices that the production for each this area. The elevation is approxiUnited States generally. man is shockingly low. An unmately sea level and much of the

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA::::. ": <:

Range cattle in Iran in April 1949, thin, after a hard Plowing in Iran. Oxen and oxbows, the plow merely

winter. Far back in the ancestry of these cattle are a crooked tree rooter.

strains from Indian Brahmas.

Pathway Of The Middle East

land marshy, and malaria is a take possession. Iranians dread Suez Canal. On the southeast lies

major problem. this above all things. the road to India with its vast

Since both to the east and to the A look at the map shows at a markets and its teeming population.

west of the Caspian, Russia borders glance that if Russia should occupy But why should America and on Iran, communist agents are reIran for military purposes, the western Europe fear Russia unless ported to be active all along the U.S.S.R. would then be in a posi- a state of war. exists? That's the

border, especially in years of crop tion to reach very vulnerable spots. real difficulty. The constant, unfailure or other hardship. WhenRich oil fields lie in Iran near the faltering propaganda of the comever scarcity of food or other staple Persian Gulf. Just across the munists goes on always. Wellin-

commodities occurs, the Iranian vilborder are the rich oil fields of formed Americans, Britishers, and lages are deluged with communistic Iraq and the fertile farming lands Frenchmen maintain this is part of agents. This keeps the people in in the TigrisEuphrates valley. the program of Stalin's national

interior Iran as well as those on From here to the Red Sea is only government. This contest is so

the border greatly disturbed. They another step, and to the west lie acute and so violently disturbing

fear the Russians may move in and Syria, Palestine, Egypt, and the (Concluded on following page)

Transporting flat stones used for walks. Donkeys furnish nearly all power for Field prepared for irrigation with border dikes made

transportation except in the cities where trucks are sometimes used. by hand.

OCTOBER 1950 'IRAN: PATHWAY OF THE MIDDLE EAST

(Concluded from preceding page) reasonably ample supply of food fuel. The scarce and valuable water

that many in America call it a "cold from one province cannot be sent is woefully wasted. Because the

war."When one is in Iran, howinto the distressed district in time plant cover is badly damaged in

ever, it doesn't look very cold. It to prevent suffering. When people large areas and almost destroyed

has the earmarks of a thoroughly are hungry and cold or when they near the villages and highways, warm struggle between communism are about to lose most of their life's floods are serious and soil erosion and western democratic ideals. At savings by starvation of livestock, widespread.

times it looked as if a formal war the communist propaganda that It was the duty of the commiswould really lessen the heat of the says "we would treat you much sion of which I was a member to struggle by withdrawing a large better"is a strong temptation. They develop practical plans for correctcontingent of the fighting propacapitalize on misery, and it works, ing these malpractices and to recomgandists to other duties. So sharp powerfully. mend how to increase production.

are the differences between the docOil and coal were recommended for trines of the communists and the Resources Poorly Cared For fuel, and this called for simple oil ideals of western democracy that stoves and improvement of transthere is no doubt about the heat of The conditions and circumstances portation facilities. The plant

the struggle or the import of the that put the people of Iran on the cover on watersheds must be saved;

consequences. Iran is one of the verge of misery are easy to state but farm manure applied to the land

key fronts on which this battle is hard to correct. Most of the farm instead of being burned; simple

being fought and is likely to be work is done by hand and hand laborsaving devices provided; and

fought. tools, with one or two lean oxen, good business principles encourIran is a really critically strategic and a rooter for a plow. They lack aged. Health and sanitary services

area in this battle of ideologies that laborsaving devices in the main. are abominable and must be renow goes on with relentless energy As a result, it takes eightyfive perjuvenated. Schools need reorganizon the part of those holding the cent of the people to grow food and ing and rebuilding.

communistic ideology. It seems as fiber, whereas in America sixteen In this they need help from Amerif those holding the democratic percent grow food for themselves, ica. They require some financial

ideology must be more active than for the other eightyfour percent, assistance, but not great amounts.

they have been lest they lose the and for a sizable export of surplus. Mostly, they need plain industry

battle before they are aware it is a Iranians have no time to grow forand practical "knowhow"such as real battle—and an important one. age crops, and in severe winters Utah pioneers used so effectively.

Some people are more susceptible twenty to thirty percent of the catThey need a small group of sciento communist propaganda than are tle and sheep die, and the others tific advisers in agriculture, sanitaother peoples. Iranians are in a are emaciated beyond description. tion, transportation, and business.

position of high susceptibility. This Fuel, too, is inordinately scarce, Since Iran is more like the intercomes from the fact that production even though oil is abundant, and mountain country, agricultural adof food and other necessities is lowgrade coal is found in some visers from Utah and neighboring

barely enough in ordinary years to quantity. To obtain fuel, Iranians states would be most effective. They

meet current needs. Whenever an mutilate the forests to make charurgently need social guidance such

untimely frost or local drought occoal, largely wasting the lumber as Latterday Saints could give them.

curs, there simply isn't enough trees. Around the villages, plant M.I.A. would have a great field in

'food. In some areas floods ruin the cover is demolished to get sageIran, if the program were adapted.

crops, and in others faulty irrigation brush and other bushes for baking, Anyway one looks at Iran, its peosystems break down. Transportaand most animal manure is made ple need our help in learning how

tion facilities are so poor that a into cakes and dried for winter to improve their living conditions.

ONEsomethingthinks ofthatmissionarygoes onworkamongas MISSIONARY WORK "...unto allthisyourpeople,days andin cryingbring, repentancesave it be

strange people at the farcorners one soul unto me, how great shall be of the earth, and to indulge in it, one AT HOME your joy with him in the kingdom of must be willing to leave the comforts of my Father!"

home, family, and friends, for periods By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. And what of the one of the scriptural

up to two years or more. That is a very hundred who had drifted away from the

important part of mission activity; it months of 1946. They had spent 203,427 fold? These stake missionaries havewas once, and that not long ago—the hours in missionary work, or the equivbrought 1,397 inactive members of the

only side of the work. But today, as alent of two elders laboring fiftysix Church into activity during the sevenfor the last decade, there has been a hours every week for nearly thirtyfive month period.

silent army of "soldiers of the Lord,"years. These stake missionaries had In July 1946, the last month for which

not out in the far places, but spreading distributed, through lending or selling, a report is available, there were 2,326 the word of the restored.gospel, among 5,254 copies of the standard works of missionaries active in the stakes of

their friends and neighbors, right the Church, and had distributed 98,508 Zion. This number could easily be inaround the corner from home, in the tracts and pamphlets. They had held creased tenfold, and the reward is alstakes of Zion. 10,119 hall and cottage meetings. They ways the same for each participating

"... how great shall be your We saw a report of their activities, had baptized 910 and confirmed them individual,

as released by the First Council of the members of the Church. What is it the joy... in the kingdom of my FaSeventy, embracing just the first seven modern scriptures say about laboring ther!"

792 THE fMPROVEMENT ERA It was chief Tuba, of the Moqui tribe, his who herded in sheep tumbled world of rock and sand.the Echoes jl past sw

As told by S. J. Johnson to

Evelyn Wooster Viner

the year 1 876 my father, Unsun touched the tall, red cliffs with refused to plant or help with the

INcle Sam Johnson, and his wife flames of living fire. It was then herds. Tuba planted all he could,

Elvira (my mother) were he would relate many strange events but after the corn was up hail came, called to labor among the Indians. which had taken place in his tribe. and after the hail, a hot, dry sun,

They left the lush plains and flowerOne of his stories made a great and after that the wind, so that starred hills of Logan and drove impression on my parents, and they much corn was destroyed. But

the long, weary way to Moencope recorded it. some of it matured in spite of the

{old Tuba City), Arizona. One time, the chief said, his peoweather.

A number of other families were ple became lazy and wicked. They Tuba gathered a fair crop and

in the company, which was under would not plant or tend the herds. stored it in a bin.

the direction of Captain James Tuba was very sad because of it. The next year there was no rain;

Brown. As he sat, one evening, outside and the wind blew. There was no

This new land of tortured rock, his house, grieving because of the corn among those who had not hot sun, and wild winds was strange evil ways into which his people had planted, and people died everyand awesome. It was not long unfallen, he saw an old man with a where.

til the small group had snug homes long, white beard approaching. He The women and children came

of sandstone built, and they soon drew near and stopped in front of to Tuba crying for corn, and he became accustomed to the new surTuba. The chief asked him to sit gave them all he had except that

roundings. down, but the stranger refused, saywhich he reserved for planting. Still

There were many Indians who ing that he was busy and must hurry more came crying for food so he grazed their sheep and cattle on on. gave them the seed corn.

the scanty vegetation of the vast He said he brought a message The next morning when he went wasteland which surrounded the from God. He said Tuba should to his bin there was more corn in

little settlement. One day a blanketcall his people together and init. Every day he exhausted his

wrapped, wrinkled Indian appeared struct them to plant and take care supply, and every morning there at the doOr of the new home. He of the herds, for if they did not, was corn in the bin.

was Tuba, chief of the Moqui tribe, they would surely die during the Then the people knew that the who herded his sheep out in the three years of famine which was message which the old man had tumbled world of rock and sand. coming. brought to their chief was true.

My parents fed the old man and When the stranger had finished They all repented and were blessed treated him kindly. After that he speaking, Tuba asked him if he so that they lived until the famine

came often, and my mother never would like a drink of water. The was over and a new crop of corn

failed'to have something for him stranger replied that he would, but matured.

tO Vj eat. This pleased the chief when Tuba turned to him with the Tuba told my parents that a long

greatly, and soon he was a trusted water, the stranger was gone and time ago three men were left on the friend. He gave my father an was never seen again. earth. When his people were in

Indian name. Tuba called the tribe together trouble or sick at heart, one of them

Often the chief sat with his and delivered the message to them. came to advise and help. He be-

white friends as twilight drew a'Some of the people believed the lieved that the messenger who had ntantle tiredkindly across the land of their repented chief and wicked warned him was'them. one of

lastarid rays 1 the of the departing ways. of them laughed and Many (Concluded on page 844)

''** f * ""19'50OCTOBER"793.

ADVENTURE & tL SUBSTANCE

PRAYER INSPIRATION jrrank O. iA/L aJ

Whatscientificcan weagedotoinofferthis furtherhighly haveuse ofbeenphenomenalooked uponwhichas miracuwould TThrough"channelstheseof information"five sensescomeor confirmation of the beliefs of lous a few decades ago, there is nearly all the knowledge and learnour fathers, and provide additional widespread disbelief, even ridicule, ing concerning the outside world.

evidence to an everskeptical world concerning the reality of spiritual To these senses let us add the moconcerning the reality of those experiences. With the example of tive ability given Mr. Ego to move

things contained in the gospel? radio before us, with its commonabout from place to place ( reprePaul's famous utterance concerning place acceptance in our daily sented by a steering wheel and a

Faith has always seemed to have economy because its operation can gearshift), and the faculty to comgreater significance than usually now be satisfactorily explained and municate his thoughts to the outside gleaned from a casual reading of demonstrated, might it not follow world through a microphone and the scriptures. He tells us that that all things have a logical and loudspeaker... called "speech."

"Faith is the substance of things orderly explanation, if only our It can be readily substantiated hoped for and the evidence of things intellects were sufficiently advanced from what is already known connot seen."Dwell, if you will, for to comprehend them? cerning the nature of light waves,

just a moment on those two words that our eyes (camera lenses), are "substance"and "evidence."Both T et us first examine the agencies limited in their response to what is

of these words have a very "solid"through which we receive our known as the "visible spectrum."

meaning. There was apparently impressions of the world about us. Thus they are able to record and

no doubt in Paul's mind concerning Known as the five senses, they are: pass on for Mr. Ego to see, only a

the reality of Faith... here were sight, hearing, touch, taste, and very small portion of the total elecexperiences of "substance"which smell.* To help us evaluate our tromagnetic energies which are

merited classification as "evidence."dependence on these five senses, let constantly bombarding the outside

There are many wonderful peous visualize a hollow, soundproof of the sphere. The ultraviolet, inple in the world today whose faith sphere, inside which resides the frared, gama, radio, and X-rays,

has been strengthened by constant spirit of man and for want of a with many others beyond the borexercise to a point where appreciabetter name, let us call this spirit ders of visual range, are not retion of "things not seen"has beMr. Ego. Imprisoned within this corded by the eyes, although they

come real knowledge. But to many sphere, Mr. Ego would be comare composed o[ the same subof our youth, and the rest of us pletely cut off from outside condistance and are just as real as any

who are still trying to find our feet tions if it were not for: of the rays within the visible

in a world filled with contradictory 1 Sight—illustrated analogously spectrum!

opinions and enticing, ungodly docin the form of two camera lenses There are also limitations to the trines, it would seem that any honwhich throw a picture on a screen human perception of sound.- The

est approach which would seek to inside the sphere, portraying within microphones (ears) given Mr. Ego

expand the concepts of our relationlimits what is happening on the outto detect the presence of sounds ship with God should have some side. outside the sphere only respond to

merit. 2. Hearing-—represented by two a limited frequency range. We

The socalled primitive peoples microphones which pick up certain know conclusively from experiof the world have notoriously been sounds outside the sphere and remental data in this field that there slaves to superstition. Anything produce them inside over a loudis a wide band of soundwave frewhich they could not understand or speaker to Mr. Ego. quencies of which Mr. Ego is entirely unaware... not because theycontrol was automatically relegated 3. Touch—may be roughly repreto that part of their thinking resented by having Mr. Ego feel the are not there, but because the huserved for things of a religious outline of some object which has man ear does not respond to them.

nature. Early explorers to the been pressed into the wall of the Thus we must admit, without reserjungle people of Africa were looked sphere from the outside. vation, that there are sounds all

upon as gods when they demon- 4. and 5. Taste and Smell may around us which we cannot *ordinarstrated an ability to make fire. So be linked together, as their functions ily ftcar—all this, quite apart from

today, even though mankind has are very similar and are illustrativeany physical imperfections of this painfully wrested many secrets from ly represented by a lighttrapped organ which might prevent us from nature's laboratory, some of those and soundproof grill in the sphere hearing what others are able to hear.

things which he still does not underthrough which odors may penetrate So also, the sense of touch is not stand or is unable to control lie in from the outside. infallible in passing on to Mr. Ego

the field of his religious thought and evidence of all material things outspeculation. While we daily make of *Anotherthis kind—sensethe kinestheticis sometimesor muscular.included in a listing side the sphere. Matter is not

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA necessarily solid; liquids and gases planation of the operation and use Assuming therefore that the abilare just as real as a lump of coal, of a "sixth"sense. ity to form some such link is present

yet the three of them have different In support of this supposition it within each of us, it may be helpeffects on our "feeling"equipment. may be well to remind ourselves ful to examine some religious hapThe sense of smell comes to Mr. that most of man's scientific instrupenings and problems in the light

Ego's aid where his eyes and sense ments, which are based on human of our chosen analogy. Let us turn

of touch leave off, for many gases faculties (such as the camera and again then to Mr. Ego, and see in

have odor. Yet again, this sense the microphone), are but very inwhat way he will react to his radio

is not infallible either, as there are ferior copies of nature's own protoequipment.

known gases which have no odor or type of eye and ear. It is not unIt is perhaps safe to assume that

color at all, and are thus undereasonable to assume therefore, that there are at least two very powerful tectable by any of the senses. our bodies may be equipped with stations which he can receive: one,

From these brief and simple ex- a radio receiver, operating on an as under heavenly management, with amples, we have illustrated that, yet undiscovered frequency band! the call letters GOOD, and the

even when equipped with a perfect Experiences will be called to other, operated by Satan and his set of "senses,"there are many mind by practically everyone, for cohorts with the call letters EVIL.

things going on around us all the at some time or other in their The selection of these signals would time of which we may be totally lives, they must have become appear to be very much up to Mr.

unaware. If we can accept this as aware of the operation of this Ego, although it is possible that

a fact, then we are ready to go on "sixth"sense. If we find this asEVIL can cause considerable interto explore further the things which

are usually thought of as being in the "spiritual realm."

Although the five senses are the only receptive organs which we can observe physically and adequately explain in terms of specific sensory reactions, man seems to have a very definite "sixth"sense. This sixth

sense is sometimes referred to as "intuition"; at other times as "inspiration"; or even more commonly,

as just a plain, ordinary "hunch."

The presence of this additional means of receiving information from outside sources can hardly be denied, far too much positive evidence has accumulated to dismiss it as pure coincidence.

This socalled "sixth"sense appears to be more fully developed in THE SPHERE AND MR. EGO

some people than others, yet it would seem safe to assume that all sumption to be plausible, it also ference with the reception of human beings have the faculty in follows that where there is a signal GOOD.

some degree or other. Like other received, this same signal must have Since both the radio loudspeaker

functions of the body, it probably a source of origination. Here then and the reproducer of Mr. Ego's

develops in direct proportion to the we must again instal another piece normal hearing equipment operate use to which it is put. of equipment for Mr. Ego... a in the same room, the radio signals

Medical science is inclined to radio transmitter! Though perhaps will be much better heard when all

admit that there may be something not normally operated with conis quiet outside. It is easy to comin the idea of a "sixth"sense, but scious knowledge, it is possible that prehend that our best opportunities

since it has yet failed to locate or this human radio transmitter is confor receiving inspiration would be identify any specific organ with stantly sending out messages. when we are alone and unhampered

such powers, its positive existence So far, we have only considered by confusing sounds from outside cannot go on record as a scientific the possibility of man's socalled sources. By concentration in an

fact. "sixth"sense as operating on the attitude of prayer and with carehuman plane. There is however a ful tuning, one should be able to

Turning again to the illustrative much more challenging and logical eliminate almost entirely the intercharacter of Mr. Ego, we are going reason for supposing that such a fering voice of station EVIL and

to add another piece of equipment power really exists within each of be able to hold twoway converseto his laboratory—a radio receiver! us. It seems possible that this with those wonderful influences

Here is an additional channel of in- "sixth"sense, or radio link, might whose sole purpose it is to safeguard formation which, though it may be the very same channel through our happiness and wellbeing.

not be founded on demonstrable which we receive divine inspiration, Remember when the boy Samuel scientific fact, offers a very plausand over which we offer up our heard a voice calling his name in ible, and perchance truthful, exprayers and thanksgivings to God. (Continued on page 838)

OCTOBER 1950 795 ount

Mud,ing thicklike andMom'sgooey,chocolatelookwouldcouldn'twantexplainto knowwhatwhy:he didn'tso he marigoldlook like atuckedparty.in Sheher hairkeptmadethat herold

cake batter, oozed up cool know himself. Pa would just shake dasher bobbing up and down to

between Snubby's toes. The water his head and say, "I can't underher singing.

made a ripple, and tiny mud puffs stand this kid; he's scared of his

formed umbrellas that slowly setown shadow."Count your blessings

tled as he held very still. SomeThere was a grasshopper on that CountName themyour oneblessingsby one.

times fish from the dam got into irtall blade of grass, and since Snubby See what God hath done rigation ditches. Last summer Tony was an old hand at catching grassGreppo, down by Higgin's Creek, hoppers, one hand moved silently, Snubby couldn't remember Mom

caught a trout in his hands, but it then nipped. Poor old grasshopwithout a flower in her hair. Winter

was so slippery that it flipped right per, twitching because he wanted times it was a rose made out of back into the water. Bet he could to get away. It would be swell to crepe paper and waxed, but in

have held on to it if it had been have hoppers like that and hop all summer the whole garden seemed in his ditch. Snubby leaned way over. Bet you could make it clear to bloom just to be close to Mom.

over and looked hard. No fish. to the meetin'house in about three Pa was nowhere to be seen.

He wriggled his toes and churned big hops. Snubby heaved a deep sigh of rethe water into a muddy cloud; then "Where's that lazy goodfer- lief and edged over to the churn.

he moved back and lay on the nothin'kid?"It was Pa. He'd "I'll spell you off, Mom,"he offered,

ground, hidden from sight by the better hightail it through the taking the dasher. She pulled one

tall alfalfa. It smelled green and chicken yard. He carefully put the of his ears and bent to kiss the top

growing in the warm sun, and the grasshopper back on his blade of of his head; didn't even say a word

clouds were lazy boats with puffedgrass and ran licketysplit toward about his dirty hands; must not be

out sails. the house, scattering the noisy hens lookin'. Updown, updown. Flies

Up at the house everyone was in every direction as he ran. tickled his legs, and he scratched

bustling around getting the work Cluck—cluck—cluck—cutcut-cut first one and then the other with adone and things in order so they kadakut—s q u a w k—s q u a w k—free foot.

could go to Big Pine Lake. Pa said swoosh! Silly old hens! Just as "Mom,"Snubby said suddenly,

as soon as the hay was all in, they'd though he'd hurt 'em, and then feed "I wish Pa liked me."

go. Snubby's eyes squinted un- 'em every day. "Why, Snubby, 'course your Pa

happily. He just couldn't let Pa Mom was churning. Her clean likes you. You're his, aren't you?"

know about Big Pine Lake. What apron was faded, but her eyes were Snubby'shook his head slowly

if he said he was scared: so Pa as blue as Snubby's own, and the and spoke the thoughts of the

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your BLESSINGS

i5u /you Wilcox doknson

morning. "I think Pa loves me time since Snubby had heard Pa home."She stepped one foot up

'cause I'm his, but he don't like laugh, and it sounded as rusty as on the brake shoe and balanced me, cause he ain't proud of me."the barn door hinges. "And get a while she kissed him.

Love and like, they're the same, hustle on. Ya gotta get back fer As far as Snubby could see,

son."milkin'!"Mom stood by the gate, and as he

"No, they ain't, Mom. No, they Mom was frowning, and Snubreached the hilltop that carried him

t.ain too out of their valley, she own little

"Not 'ain't,'Son—'aren't.'"It byyoungknewto shego. thoughtGee whillikers,he was white. something he waved Snubby

was an automatic statement. was big, ten last birthday, and he'd was on his own—a man in a man's

helped Pa with the horses since he world. So this was what big folk

was six. One good thing though, were always so proud about; bein'

Mom never argued with Pa. big and sittin'on a wagon. Well,

'Fore you go, Snubby, on come shouted, "if you won't make Pumper "Well,"feeling; it was a good, important

I will."move, horsesthese get Can't up. scrubbed in and kinda proudlike, he like the way

have you go off lookin'like an felt when Pa, all dressed up in his orphan."always Mom sounded best suit blue red necktie, and got shut screen door slammed The worried. was gruff when she in talked meetin'. up and Sunday a little creaked then openand

dirt old that road The wandered felt It hiscrack. Pa! Snubby was old kinda tank looked water 'HThat

hill's snakelike crest the from was it gettingface he warm, and knew felt big, awfully and Snubby shaded willows weeping by and usual. brick as red hewas How little seat the high perched on up green branches, the sun and made it, to him see uneasyhated and made all alone. freckled face His was like pattern a the lace the on road anything, but madder'nPa Snubby his and'strawcolored scrubbed, that dress on wedding Mom's was it. plain just helpcouldn't was He flattened hair as as been had much in It upstairs. a packed a box was It Pa. ascared around funny was with could water unruly be an mop dress, silvery beautiful lacy. and like scared; of being kindakind into shimmied comb. He'd and told Waller sometimes Grandma the of dark bescared he waswhen

cause he couldn't see in the corners. about Mom's wedding; biggest in

Then one time at night Mom carthe county, and Mom with her hair ried a lamp into the room, and he all curled, dancing, and laughing.

could see everything was right as Someway Snubby remembered how it belonged. He wasn't afraid any Mom used to laugh a lot, but now

more. It was that way with Pa, she was always tired or worried.

only the lamp always seemed to be It was that way with all of them just out of sight. Now he kept his now. They used to be happy andeyes hard on the hole where the laughing all the time—together,

dasher was, and pumped faster. Pa somehow. Now, everyone was

was right; he was just a "boob."He sober and uneasy; like bein'in the

always acted like one. The boy was wrong house. Someday he'd get

ashamed. Mom the prettiest dress in the mail

"Snubby,"Pa said, "hitch up order catalogue to wear to church, old Bess and Queen. You'll have to a real red one with a beautiful purgo for water."ple bow. Then maybe she'd laugh,

"Ye mean me, Pa?"The boy's and everything would be right

mouth dropped open, and his eyes again.

were wide with astonishment. Go As he passed the last tree, the

for water? Why, that was a grown Last summer Tony Greppo, down by Higwhole valley spread out around

man's job. It was an hour to the gin's Creek, caught a trout in his hands. him like a patchwork quilt, warm

water house, an hour to fill up the and comfortable, bordered by bare big tank, and an hour home. clean overalls, faded, but with just brown hills on the close side, and

Pa picked up the dipper and took one patch over the knee. by snowtipped mountains, purple

a long drink, watching Snubby over 'Bye, Mom."He wriggled imand hazy in the distance. The

the rim, then wiped his mouth on patiently, excitement beaming from blocks were irregular in shape, cut his sleeve from cuff to elbow. His his crinkled blue eyes. "Don't fret from the scraps left by busy farmers

eyes were smiling, "Better shut yer about nothin'."and nature—sunflowers in a piemouth 'fore ye catch all the flies,""You be careful, Snubby. Just shaped wedge that ended on the

he laughed. It had been a long go straight there and straight {Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1950 797 COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS (Continued from preceding page) figure it all out and relaxed in the impatiently and swore beneath his slopes of the mountain; warm brown happy present. After all, this was breath. It was an ugly sound, and

furrows freshly plowed, alfalfa just his day. He could prove himself the boy, his heart beginning to

at the cutting stage, and yellow to Pa. pound, looked away. Suddenly the

grain, always moving like living Snubby had often heard Pumper reins were jerked from his hands, sunshine. sing on, piling verse on verse, all of the leather burning through his

There was the newlypainted his own rhyming, for an hour or fingers. "Well,"Pumper shouted,

white fence by the Anderson farm. more, but now Pumper's eyes nar- "if you won't make these horses

Snubby sat very tall and straight, rowed, and he settled back gloommove, I will. Sniveling snakes! We

trying to look big as Pa, and waved ily. He was changed. His fingers could sit here till the cows come

to the three towheaded kids standbegan nervously to drum on the home."

ing openmouthed in the yard. You seat. Snubby was too surprised to

bet it was pretty good to be goin'Snubby hummed the chorus. speak, and the fear that crept over

somewhere all right, and doin'a "Buzz along, buzz buzz; buzz along him felt like a lead ball in hisman's work. buzz buzz—stomach. Pumper grasped the whip,

"Hulloo there!"Oh, gee, it was "Can'tcha make these horses get the fancy one Pa always kept in

Pumper Bogart calling from the a move on? They're slower than the whip stand but never used. He

barn, and half running down the cold molasses,"Pumper exclaimed lashed out at Queen, and she started road. Big bulky Pumper, wheezimpatiently. nervously. Back and forth, he swung

ing like his name, stopped at the "Gee up, Bessie, gee up, Queen,"his blows, moving in a sort of gate, and the vague uneasiness Snubby coaxed, and gently flicked frenzied rhythm. His words beSnubby always felt around Pa their backs with the reins. It was came wilder, and the horses strained

crept over him again; only, as he a warm, soggy day, and the horses nervously on the hill. Suddenly

always felt when he was around plodded along at their own speed, Snubby felt that he just must act.

this man, there was a pushing ignoring human attempts at perHe made a wild grab for the reins.

against his memory that wrinkled suasion. "Too hot,"Snubby re- "Pumper, you stop that."

his forehead. He squinted his eyes marked. The big man whirled around.

and grasped for something just past "Bet they'd move if I was drivin'; "Sit down!"he snarled, eyes black

his memory. It was like reading never saw a pair of horses yet that and crazy looking.

the Bible, made his eyes and head wouldn't move fer me.""Stop it, I say! You can't hit

hurt just tryin'to understand it. Snubby set his lips tightly tomy horses."The boy grabbed for

"Oh, Snubby!''Pumper looked gether and didn't answer. He the reins and missed.

surprised. "I thought it wuz yer looked down at the fields where Pumper slapped him! It was his

into Goin'Pa. town?"working. Haying were men cheek time cheek that remembered—his goin'as a "Only fer as the water was busy time. who He wondered blow with pain from a that tingled

house,"Snubby said, pouting a litwas riding the derrick horse at so hard that it knocked him to the tle, hoping that Pumper would not home. It wasn't so far to the water floor of the wagon; that deep humiliwant to ride. house, and it would be a real relief ation that washed over his whole

"I kin hitch a ride on in from to get rid of Pumper. body like a fever. This had hapthere."It was their last hill, not so steep, pened before; this was what he had

Snubby nodded his consent, and but warm and steady. Rhythmicaltried to remember, and he'd been

Pumper climbed up. It was funny; ly the horses plodded along with scared.

there was no reason not to like drooping heads. Pumper stirred

Pumper. He was right pleasant But now he wasn't scared. Snubsometimes. Now he began to play by was mad. He wasn't any boob FALL PLOWING to go crying home to Mom. He was softly on his harmonica, and it

to a man's do that a Pa trusted man A. Carter Manfred By pretty. mighty sounded said Mom blazed and scrambled up work. He he and was shiftless, he Pa said was tractor crawls, endless an worm, npHE than stronger at even out Pumper -*- yellowlivered. Snubby heard had rows down

sit I'm down. before, you "Pumper, clinging earth to turned hold smooth Of snort that Waller Grandma you

sky; in here."charge never could count he'd on what circling do The the weeds are gold, and crimson little brat like you tellin'a "Ha, next. shows, But these just words, were

not part of Snubby's dislike. TrouWhile silent birch and maple leaves still me?"But the man's voice was

ble was, Pumper sometimes was full The crywonder of a season moving on. faltering, and his whip hand

of jokes and laughs, and then he'd The farmer pulls a black hat brim and lowered a little. Suddenly the man

stares his eyes across brushed hand one that switch a look and there'd come sullen earth of gone; At and thinks summer his head. shook and slowly feel his sick at Snubby would make the earth, not the sky, and works on He

stomach, it was such a hating look. shares. "I said sit down!"It may have

Perhaps he sees the evergreens and stones, been the fierceness in Snubby's

Snubby Snubbins stubbed his toe, But not the dancing frenzy of the fall; eyes or the unafraid ring to his

Chasm'a bull frog to and fro. He stirs a secret where a dog hid bones voice; or perhaps Pumper's crazy

call. shining the not does hear But autumn itself out raged and temper had

earth serve the urgent need. is summer's Snubby laughed, and Pumper To it quickly as as disappeared had bright are a glory But woods man should

haha'd. The boy quit trying to heed. (Continued on page 842)

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA With a chuckle the young elder shook his head. "No,"he replied.

A MISSIONARY'S J] taken"For morethis tripthan everytwo yearsSunday.I haveI

have never missed, nor have I been AITH late. You see, we elders pay our

own way and have little money for

B, RJJpk W. travel or living expenses."

My astonishment at this seemVan j/forat ingly naive statement was only tempered by the man's earnestness.

A tinge of incredulity in my voice, was about seven on a Sunday I inquired: "Would you mind tellIT morning when I pulled away ing me how you manage to do it?"

from the hotel in Fresno, headHe turned and faced me, his ing for San Francisco. I was alone. deepset earnest eyes looking

While driving slowly past beautisquarely into mine as he answered ful Roeding Park, near the northern my almost flippant query. "I don't;

limits of the city, my attention was God does it."

attracted, because of his peculiar That answer was unexpected garb, to a youngish hiker walking and, after a moment, I said to him along the highway. He was wearin a very subdued voice, "Well, I

ing a black suit and a black felt wish I might have your faith,"to hat and was carrying a brown which he, while gazing steadily at leather briefcase. The man looked me, replied very gently and with

backward once at the sound of a flashing smile, "You can. It's

my approaching car, but continued free."

his stride. had given He no arm interesting then Followed a most

signal, curiosity was aroused but my outline duties of the responsiand as to why one so somberly clad bilities of an L.D.S. missionary

might be hitchhiking at this early until, only too quickly, the roadhour on a Sunday.

When I caught up with him, I weside hadpointerreachedaheadthe toldturnoff.us thatAs

stopped the car, opened the rightthe young elder alighted and hand door and shouted an invitastarted walking north, I shouted, tion to ride. The young man turned, "I hope you make it O.K.,"and he

smiled, and stepped toward the car, waved his arm as he turned and seating himself beside me as he yelled back: "Sure, I'll make it."

greeted me pleasantly. I returned

I could look his greeting and then observed, Rounding the turn "My friend, you are getting an back over the long, straight, level highway whence we had come. On early start. Whither are you

bound?"the horizon appeared a black spot

hiking and be there on time every that grew rapidly into a large black "To Merced,"he replied. Sunday? Do you not sometimes sedan traveling very fast. Again

To which I hastily rejoined: "I travel by bus, or the train?"my now chastened curiosity was

am very sorry, but I am turning aroused, and I stopped my car and

I at Califawest Junction. am waited, muttering to myself, "That en SMALL BOY WATCHING A TRAIN toroute Francisco, San the most and car is going too fast; it is not going

direct route is via the Pacheco Pass By Marijane Morris to stop! I'm afraid the elder will

and Gilroy. The junction is only *"Phe dream within his eyes is real: More be late this time!"

about halfway to Merced.""real The young man had glanced

ball rests that or bat his feet. beside Than all right. "That's I'll get another to the observe fast aproar, rush strain the and The of steel on aroundlift,"see, I take he answered. "You steel proaching sedan, his but continued

this trip every Sunday. I am an Is now... today is far off, incomplete. progress. There was no signal.

elder in the Church of Jesus Christ He's Casey Jones with time that must be Then the unexpected happened:

of Latterday Saints and conduct made The driver of the big car must fighting through of servicea at tenthirty. Or a storm in Merced his blinding have changed quickly, mind rain;In the afternoon I return to Fresno for the to a skidding, car came at the throttle puffing He's up a grade,

for another service."Then sounding thin, long wails that mean squealing stop, the door opened,

"But, my friend,"I expostulated, a train. and the young man stepped in. In

"it is sixty miles from Fresno to Now home, end of the line, the run is another moment the big car was through; Leaving FresnoMerced. would speeding on its way. young The

in surely is so his eyes. Tomorrowgive three you only and onehalf elder's best friend failed not had as well dreams His dream kept so often do

hours. Can you count on hitchBecome reality with no surprise. him.

OCTOBER 1950 799 Journey Towards Faith A

For Youthi

was becau.se I changed the a young brother (who is the bane life must be in one bowl all your

it at that! I hadIT water in the goldfish bowl—of my life)—and my own room, life—with water in

know that. You see, Aunt Sue which I have just painted chartreuse an awful time getting the big golden

had asked me to tend Mary Ellen to match the brunch coat Grannie one (that's Red Light—he's fat

and the baby while she went gave me for my birthday. looks like a blimp ) back in the

I'd after again goldfish right bowl there overshopping. I went Saint. a Latterday Oh, yes—I'm

it. it Yellow and refilled toldafter lunch. I cleaned She me about to the story. important That's

changing the water just as she was used to sort of laugh when I adLight flopped in easy as fun. (Yelleaving mitted I was a Latterday Saint. low Light is skinny.) Then I car-

"Oh, Cathie,"she said as if she After I had the class from Profesried the bowl back into the den and had just remembered, "would you sor Drake, that is. He made me put it on the table. That's all I did.

mind changing the water in the feel a fool for believing in a God Honestly. But I'm sure that that's

it all happened.fish bowl? Just be sure you do it I hadn't seen or heard—and in life why

while the baby's asleep."Then she after death and all those things. That night in getting ready for

smiled, her hand on the doorknob, Honestly, he could make you feel bed, I washed out my sox, scrubbed one foot on the front porch—and like an utter drip! He was tall my teeth, and put up my hair. (If

in her pink prettylooking so sumlike Allyson it just look June would with black and grayhaired—but

suit. "I ) him wouldn't wantmer thinking, hers! I remember wears they're (I hope to beetling brows—in the theget ideas water about I that off to sleep, just as dropped "beetling."I've never what known

fish bowl."the word meant. ) His are thick I hadn't said my prayers. I felt a

I closed the door that she With then guilty about black and little (eyebrows, it—and I mean)—and her from I watchedand was gone. just before I dropped off—thought, someand shaggy, when he'd say

the window. She walked down the thing sarcastic about God and reoh, well, if Professor Drake is right,

then to sidewalk thepath and isn't a there God something then mention anyway—and ligion—and

stop. over to the busturned I to go last remember. that's the scientists that awfully scientific

Maybe before I tell any more, I claimed to have proved—well, I Then I had the dream. In this

should say something about myself. used to feel like a dilly for believdream I was aware first of being

My name is Cathie Morrison—I'm ing in the gospel. I used to think in a gray place—everything about

eighteen (and look even older, / Mother and Dad were outand-out me was gray. When I moved my

think), have blonde hair (almost ignorant to go to Church and have hand to reach out, I found I blonde, that is), and sort of bluefamily prayers and do temple work couldn't move as rapidly as usual.

gray eyes. Really, I'm not too bad and so on. Then, suddenly, it dawned on me.

I was in water. For a moment, Ilooking. I've looked at myself ruthThat is—until the goldfish bowl

lessly in the mirror, and in spite of episode. See, we're back to that was terrified. I would surely drown

I seemed tothe fact that my nose turns up, I'm now. I've told you enough about—but oddly enough,

fairly attractive. I live with my me, haven't I? Aunt Sue is Mother's have no trouble at all in breathing.

mother and father, have attended youngest sister, and I often tend After a few minutes ( during which the university for one year—have her two children to earn a little I was simply petrified!), I realized

nothing to fear after all. money for school. Okay—now for there was

the goldfish bowl. After Aunt Sue I would not drown.

had gone, I tiptoed into the bedroom I looked around myself and saw, to see if the baby was covered (he to my surprise, that I was in the wasn't). Then I looked for Mary water in the goldfish bowl. I reEllen. She was all right. She was member tiny details—I could see

playing hopscotch with the twins Aunt Sue's turquoise lamp through across the street. Then I carried the water, tall and wavery it was,

the fish bowl into the kitchen. The but there was no mistaking it. It

two fish, named Red Light and Yelwas the lamp, all right. Behind me,

low Light (don't ask me why!) a branch of her big fern touched the

swam frantically around as I glass. Yes, I was in the fish bowl.

walked. I placed the bowl on the The water around me moved, and it

kitchen sink, found the little net swayed me. Looking quickly to

Aunt Sue "fishes"them out with the right, I saw the fish. Close up,

(clever, no?)—and filled another they were horriblelooking, big,

bowl with water to put them in. cold, goggleeyed, with their gills

I remember thinking how awful slowly opening and closing. Their

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. /* THB

U oLcuacine Ltark jrt

fins were like sheer nylon, moving gracefully in the water "Come on,"said the fish, "and I'll tell you "Come on,"said the fish, "and about it."

I'll tell you about it."In the dream

it didn't seem a bit odd to me that the fish should be talking. I just something to do with making a glass Red Light was impressed. I tried

looked to see if, by any chance, he bowl—-or heat—or something. But to make them hear. I wanted to

was speaking to me. someone regulated it—organized it. tell them that they were looking at

He wasn't. He was calling to Someone made it. Red Light lis- a measly chandelier, that Our source

the fish behind him. I saw now that tened respectfully to the explanaof light came from the sun, and

the fish who had spoken was Yellow tion. If he failed to understand it, furthermore, that in space there

Light. Red Light looked even more he gave no sign. were millions of suns, millions of

like a blimp close at hand this way. "What's above us and around times larger than ours. They didn't

Apparently they couldn't see me, us?"pay the slightest heed.

for if I hadn't moved to one side, Yellow Light told him that as far Yellow Light asked the purpose

Yellow Light would have bumped as he could discover there was a of the bowl they lived in. (Only

into me. I don't believe they could "gaseous water"that changed color he called it a "world.")

hear me, either, for I called after at different altitudes. I looked up "It has no purpose,"he was inthem. If they heard me, they cerand had to smile. You could see formed.

tainly ignored me, for neither why he'd think so. Beginning at "Don't be silly,"I spluttered.

seemed to know of my existence. I the water level, and from there on "It's a goldfish bowl made for fish

watched them. up you could see the rosecolored to swim in."

'You see,"said Yellow Light, draperies. And around the room Yellow Light was continuing with

looking gogglyeyed at Red Light, were pictures you could see—the an air of condescension. "You may

"this glass world in which we live is turquoise walls and white ceiling—have imagined there was some unthe great center of the universe."I giggled at air being called "gasderlying purpose in all this, but

I stifled a giggle. That's how eous water."there isn't."

much he knew! "Where does light come from?""But, why,"Red Light persisted,

"Who made it?"the other fish That was a good one. Yellow "are we here? Where did we come

wanted to know. Light had the answer, though. He from? Why are we in this par-

"Nobody did,"motioned with a fin up to the ticular place?"

That was a lie. I don't know how chandelier. I could have told them everything.

fish bowls I know are made—but "There,"authoritativehe stated Ellen's birthday, About about Marythey're made. Even / know that. ly, "is the source of all buying the Aunt Sue fish from two light. When-

"Then,"asked Red Light, conever that shines, it seeps down tencent store as a present; about

fused, "how did it come to be?"through the gaseous water until Granny furnishing the "world"fish

You should have heard the exthe water is saturated. Then bowl from her basement. ( The bowl

planation! Something about air everything gets dark—so heavy and used to belong to Uncle Jack, I

being massed together in such dense is the saturation. As the think. ) I could have explained the

quantities and under such pressure density thins out—things become whole thing.

that the inside air was liquefied and light once more. Then as dark deYellow Light waved his tail slowthe outside air became hardened. scends, the light"—with another ly to and fro, "My dear fish,"he

Well, maybe pressure did have upward flip—"shines forth again."(Concluded on following page)

OCTOBER 1950 801

THE GOLDFISH BOWL

(Concluded from preceding page) I heard the birds twittering. Now, here we are, refusing to

said solemnly, "we are here by When I opened my eyes the winbelieve in a God because he isn't chance. We had no other existdows were pale blue with the first visible, saying our universe hapence than this."(Oh, yeah! I light of dawn. pened by chance! Don't you see?

forgotten the ten- I lay there in bed-—not smiling We can't see the purpose behindthought—you'vecent store.) "We are here because not even sleepy—and not even beanything around us, either. We're

this is the center of the universe. ing surprised that I wasn't. The tied to a single, dinky world, limited

True life exists nowhere else. There outlines of furniture and pictures in to what we see, hear, feel, taste, and

are no other worlds. Only the my room were sharpening—colors smell. How should we be expected

foodcloud that drops down our were becoming recognizable. to know and comprehend the mind

food each day has a form of life, What a funny dream. And yet and will of the Lord?

derived from the light source. That it wasn't funny. You see, now I Honestly, it's so clear to me, now.

is our best explanation to date."had the answer. After Professor Just think of yourself as the goldtaught did us he had Drake what I speechless. was "Foodcloud!"trying the Lord as a man fish—and at sly believfor fun poked us andThat must Sue's be hand. Aunt astronto say—well, explain—oh, in ing a sort I got of God, mixed life elsewhere! other world!No No a as to you. You, or botany omy

I to up. the believe Oh, wanted I thought of the in other the rooms all. it at fish, understand wouldn't

didn't was true, want I Churchhouse they seen. never had but—I I You couldn't. If a hoax, to be ignorant. it wasthought of the other in the houses

early morning in the There No. it. to about know all the blocks that make wantedblock—of it out. I figured dream my told Mother had pray and after me to a city.up if I did, the Lord The Lord—who has created many "A city!"I thought with its promised me that is not bound by timeschools, its buildings, trees, flowers, would answer my prayer. She told worlds—who

about again. Smith Joseph (You—whose millionsthe of people. mind me My

into to going know, ask the woods glorious—tellsbody usis exactlyresurrectedwhat andhe itself,leaped from that to the earth

which was only a planet in the uniGod which church was right? knows we can understand, and the

I rerest we'll just have to take his wordverse, and the numberless other So I prayed a week ago.

I felt foolish about it. I for and have faith in. Thankuniverses. member

didn't know how to say it, and I heavens for his prophets who can

If there was only some way to didn't have much faith in myself. tell us what he needs and wants us

tell to them, some communicate way fish even didn't to know. 1 The must have The Lord known

to at them! I looked them. see, now, can have why that. You Yellow really wanted to know, though. HeLight had stopped talking now. answered my questions. it's important to be a Latterday

motionless, both lying wereThey save for of fin, If you haven't already figured out Saint. an occasional wave

I wanted to tellat the bottom of the pool. the answer, it is this: Just because Well—that's all

can't thing see a needn't we mean I've well I don't you. how know shoulders. I shrugged How? my

it that exist. doesn't Like goldthe probtold it. Lewis would Miss to noThere under heaven was way

fish! the they hadn't seen Because it I if for rate wrote ably it a "D"explain the our world purpose and

I wanted to tell it to you,of man to the brain of a fish. In one who made their bowl, they a theme.

their fish bowl world, it was better didn't believe anyone had. They though.

that they just accept what they thought everything came to them by I guess this story should have a chance. couldn't the see purThey

if it faithcould take has a and the rest on it has—or anything, pose not while behind

it thisthey wouldn't think understand if you it would be living in a fish they were bowl and moral—Ipoint. If

it toexplained them.

spending their lives in water. Get Don't be a goldfish in a bowl. It

the point? isn't worth it!

peace. That place we have found. When we demonstrate a truth,

(LSriaham l/fovma Jaid: If the Saints cannot enjoy that peace we demonstrate a portion of the

which is so dear to them here, I faith, law, or power by which all

Jk'i6 r5 the j-lace would say that I am ignorant of the intelligent beings exist, whether in spot on the earth where they can. heaven or on earth, consequently

Suffice it to say, that five years Where could a place have been when we have truth in our possesago this day, the Pioneers apfound where we might enjoy freesion we have so much of the knowlproached this valley, with their imdom of thought, freedom of speech, edge of God. I delight in this,

plements of husbandry, 6c, which and freedom of worship? If not in because truth is calculated to suswere represented by them in the these mountains, I am ignorant of tain itself; it is based upon eternal

procession today. We came here for the place. facts and will endure, while all else

the purpose of finding a place to set July 24, 1852 (in honor of will, sooner or later, perish.

our feet, where we could dwell in the fifth anniversary) Brigham Young

B02 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IIBERTY is my birthright blessing of heaven. One of the glorious

fruits of the gospel of Jesus Christ is liberty or freedom of self.Freedom is inseparably connected 1 1 T \-with God and his world representathe Christ. Liberty istive—Jesuscoeval with God. The gospel ofthe ages is rooted in the divine THROUGH THE GOSPEL

principle of freedom. Man's full

liberty can only be protected andguaranteed by the personal applicaOF JESUS CHRIST tionliberty—theof thegospeldivineof lifecharacterand salvaof

tion. Obedience to "the perfect V)ia -jrtoued Lj.law of liberty"must be the habit (L*i9re

of one who would be free. PRESIDENT OF THE CANADIAN MISSION

It seems to be evident that never in the history of man has the fallen son of God and his agencies used habits, totalitarian designs, and away from man his liberty and such conspiring designs to wrest spiritual darkness. his free agency. Such are the refrom man his liberty, as are now Paul taught the Saints in his day cent agents of the rejected and fallaunched forth in the world. Christ the glorious truth as to the source len son of God.

and his eternal program for world of liberty when he said: "where Pahoran taught us in the first

liberty shall not fail. He was opthe Spirit of the Lord is, there is century B.C., "the Spirit of God...

posed in preEden times to taking liberty."(II Cor. 3:17.) Any instiis also the spirit of freedom."(Alma

away the free agency of man. In tution or man that takes away from 61:15.) That is in harmony with

the history of the ages, one thing is the people their free agency and the plan and program from the beresplendently clear, and that is their liberty is not of God. Modern ginning. James taught the Saints

that God desired to guarantee to programs in Europe and, I must say, of former days that the gospel of every man and woman, liberty. in America—both Canada and the Christ is "the perfect law of liberChrist became in the beginning the United States, have launched their ty."(James 1:25.) No one can

divine champion of the cause of schemes and in so doing attempt to project anything which will be liberty. His gospel has been and lull us to sleep by the oftrepeated equal or superior to the "perfect law

now is the only sure way to liberrefrain of how beneficial their purof liberty."That "perfect law of

ate us from evil, ignorance, harmful poses they seek to take liberty"—the are—yet,

Jesus Christ—hasgospelbeenof restoredthe Lord,in

this our day in implicit fulness. It

is here in the world for the perfecting of the Saints in the principles of freedom and eternal liberty. The

Psalmist knew the way to liberty because he said, "And I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts."

(Psalms 119:45.) The author of

all liberty made man a promise as recorded by John, as follows, "ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."(John 8:32.)

Under the inspiration of heaven, the modern American prophet, Joseph Smith, counseled us to "Abide ye in the liberty wherewith ye are made free; entangle not yourselves in sin, but let your hands be

clean, until the Lord comes."(D. &

C. 88:86.) Also, "I, the Lord God, make you free, therefore ye are free indeed;

and the law also maketh you free."

(Ibid. 98:8.)

Paraphrastically expressing it, there is a law irrevocably decreed, which is older than the world, upon which liberty or personal freedom (Concluded on page 814) OCTOBER 1950 803 LEHI IN THE DESERT

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

X whole southwestern corner of the What has been proved? Simply

Conclusion peninsula, which Lehi avoided even that everything which the Book of at the price of traversing part of the I Nephi says happened really could

Watching Lehi's travelworn terrible Empty Quarter, comprised have happened. Not that it did

band wending its way down the kingdom of theSabaeans, probhappen: to prove that is neither

those delectable mountains to ably the strongest, richest, and most necessary nor possible. Unique

the sea, one is moved to reflect that thickly settled state Arabia has ever events in history can never be rethey have come an unconscionably had. constructed with certainty; but

ship. just to build along Well, way events repeated it characteristic, painful long though So, and

let other reader suggest the some etc., rituals, customs, manners, itinerary to turns Lehi's out was, at toroute. best Arabia guide The just that not things once happen shortest the actually and been have the of of the writing timethe Book in familiar again again but and if could he safest, the one only not

forestsof imagined and Mormon alof the object be 328 taken. possibly have patterns—may in the oflakes center Arabia,

they, certainty. absolute Hence most the of Arabian shore Sea the On that insisting thewhile of coasts the are particulars, specific not and in the of Desert Lehi the storythat as wall land... rocky "a were

in testing fake; to things hardest this has ends. properly Thoughdismal as be: a barren not can and

identifying documents forgeries and still telling, preliminary a but to been of grass,blade or thing"a green is allthat it pattern general is the certain justify to there is enough found. ofbe Book 331'3* The Mormon infor claims, If a important. man of reflections summary. by wayreverses the picture Lehi has and a particuthat overheard he stance,

the heart of the continentavoid a ceror witnessed conversation to Some General Conclusions lar smilingdiscover woodlands on the act in Tahiti, tain we are wasting southern coast. Where else could We have never been very much our time trying to reconstruct the

Lehi have found his wood on interested in "proving"the Book of particular event (which could hapthe coast? "It is quite probable,"Mormon, for us its divine provepen anywhere ) if only we can prove

writes a presentday authority, nance has always been an article of that the man was never in Tahiti- "that Solomon had to transport his faith, and its historical aspects by and on that head a few casual but ships, or the material for them, from far the least important thing about searching questions will turn the the Mediterranean, for where on the it. But the "world"insists that it is trick. So in talking about Lehi in

shores of the Red Sea could timber a gross and stupid forgery, a barethe Desert we have, as it were, put be found for shipbuilding?"'faced fraud perpetrated by an igthe old patriarch on the stand as a

And by what other route could norant rustic who could hardly write witness in the case of Joseph Smith

Lehi have reached his happy shore? his name. They have made the versus the world. Joseph Smith has

The terrain is more passable in the charge; let them prove it. That been accused of fraudulent pracnorth, but he could not have crossed should be very easy indeed if they tices, and Lehi is a witness for the

north Arabia and then followed the are right, since the accused has comdefense. He claims to have spenteast coast, for to do so he would mitted himself in no uncertain terms years in certain parts of the Near

have had to pass through strong and at unsparing length. The nature East about 2550 years ago. Is he

and hostile kingdoms: the northern of the document he pretended to be telling the truth?

route was closed to him for political translating is so singular and the reasons. Equally impossible for conditions it must fulfil so unique Generations of shrewd and dethe same reasons would have been and exacting, that its composer termined prosecutors have failed to

a move to the west: the Meditermust certainly be convicted at a shake Lehi's testimony or catch him

ranean was a world of closed harglance if he is lying. On the contradicting himself. That should

bors and closed seas. A direct other hand, if his writing shows be enough to satisfy the most critiroute cutting diagonally across the any tendency at all to conform cal. But now, lo and behold! Out ofpeninsula would have taken the to the peculiar conditions prethe dust come new witnesses—Capparty away from the gamefilled scribed, its critics must be put to a tain Hoshaiah of Lachish, a host of

mountains of the coast and forced good deal of explaining, and if it sunburned explorers returned from them to travel through what we now shows a constant tendency to conLehi's deserts to tell us what life know to be difficult desert country, form to those difficult conditions, its there is like, the ancient poets of with them crates journeying three times as far in the critics will be bankrupt. We bethe Arabs—and

and crates of exhibits, A to Z, seals,sands as they actually did—and lieve that this little study, tentative

that was the limit of their endurand limited as it is, nonetheless indiinscriptions, letters, artifacts from ance. Nor could they have followed cates such a tendency beyond Lehi's own homeland. Whoever

the coast all the way, because the reasonable doubt. dreamed that Lehi would one day be

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you march continually? When you

camped, what was the first thing

BABYLON you did? What kind of altar?

What sort of game did you hunt?

did the huntWhere? How? Who J

'son a bow, Your you made LAND OF

Jerusalem &'SEAMjjf/// in desolate could where Arabia QEDAR C//u ing?say;

\ iff J NEFUD he find wood for that? What right

//SUPH f)\jfjHB ARABAH (tHE RED DESERT) had you to go around giving new f* r Ski NABAT/tANS OR f 7fSv'-.'-.?C$As,NA1A I TTHEM names to places? Do you think

any sane person would give a river

ORTHERN and its valley different names?

\ N6DONAS ( Roar of protest from Arab witnesses.) Whoever called the Red

Sea a fountain? Don't you know

that there are no rivers in Arabia?

This little speech you gave to your that bank—isn't

( More.;! THEok EMPTY6REAT''DESERTQUARTER wholesons onstorythea riverbit farfetched?

(r-IRST RECORDED CROSSING 1928 protest from the Bedouins. ) Don't

you thing it rather silly to destead- valley scribe a as "firm and DELECTABLE 5<:-v.-Tu=Oui'i-.i.>.-.. I NEPHI MOUNTAINS, stay fast"? did sons your Where 17:1. '.'/'NEARLY EASTWARD

THROUGH MUCH AFFLICTION '? "when they went back to Jerusalem?

NEJRAN. What about this cave? You say the

KINGDOM'SANA SABA "of recordthat a wasratheron clumsymetal plates.way to keepIsn't

records? Aren't fifty men a ridiculously small garrison for a city like

Jerusalem? You describe nocturnal

meetings between the elders and the commandant: Wouldn't it be

much more sensible to hold meetings by day? Do you want the

court to believe that you actually carried grain with you on this long confronted with eyewitnesses to the Ionian? What was all the trouble and exhausting journey? Are you

very scenes he claims he saw? In about in your family? I have quite trying to tell the court that you

southernparadise a found on the list all this the light purof evidence, a of names new here—your rim desolate land of the most that the asks defense the family ported descendants: case be and Do most 336

reopened. you expect the court to believe these on earth?

So Lehi and the newfound witare genuine? If this is a genuine And so on, and so on. The

nesses are crossexamined and their list, why are there no Baal names in reader may add to the list of searchanswers compared. The questions it? What is this expression, "the ing questions at will—there are

well over a hundred, and most of come thick and fast: What is your Lamb,"you use—don't you know

name? Don't you know there is it is only found very late? ( Defense them such questions as no one on

no such personal name? (A shard is produces example from the eighth earth could have answered correctproduced from Lehi's time and century B.C. ) You say you had ly 120 years ago. The writer of

place, and it bears the name Lehi—dreams: about what? A river? I Nephi was confronted by a hunquite common in those parts.) What kind of river? What is this dred delicately interrelated probWhere did you live at the time? weird "mist of darkness"? Did you lems of extreme difficulty. The

What do you mean, "land of Jeruever see anything like it when you probability of coming up with a salem"? Don't you mean the city? were awake? (Dozens of witnesses plausible statement by mere guess-

( Defense produces an ancient lettestify.) Don't you think a dream work once or twice is dim enough,

ter showing that the territory is pretty slim pretext for leaving but the chances of repeating the around the city was all known as your country? In which direction performance a hundred times in

the land of Jerusalem in ancient did you flee? How could you build rapid succession are infinitely retimes. ) Who governed Jerusalem? up a big caravan without being apmote. The world through which

What kind of men were they? prehended? What did you take Lehi wandered was to the westerner

What did you do to turn them with you? How did you travel of 1830 a quaking bog without a

against you? Where did you get on foot? How did you manage to visible inch of footing, lost in imthis great wealth you talk about? survive with women and children penetrable fog; the best Bible stuHow did you happen to learn in a terrible desert? How did you dents were hopelessly333 misinformed

Egyptian? Wasn't that a waste of manage to escape being killed off even about Palestine. Yet we find

time? Why didn't you learn Babyby raiders? What did you eat? Did (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1950 805 LEHI IN THE DESERT

(Continued from preceding page) serves all these terrifying rules perhaps, but only because she wiseour guide confident and suremost scrupulously. ly confines herself to describing such

footed, never retracing his steps to In your Tibetan epic you might timeless things as mountains, seas, change his course, never hesitating get something right by happy acciand human emotions. Nephi im-

a moment or seeking refuge in dent once in awhile, but you need parts his information in such simvague and noncommittal vaporings, not expect to have anything authenple, effortless, and matterof-fact never begging to be excused and tic. For consolation you may now discourse that the reader easily

lamely falling back on an appeal take these or any of the best historioverlooks the vast mass of detail he to be understood in a "religious"cal novels of any age dealing with a has succeeded in weaving into a sense only, never moving behind a period a thousand or so years benatural and uncomplicated pattern.

smoke screen or becoming confore the time of writing; then take What writer of historical fiction

sciously or unconsciously confusing a red pencil and get to work, has ever remotely approached such or involved. checking every anachronism, inan achievement?

The present treatment of the congruity, misinformation, and inBut haven't we been decidedly

Lehi story leaves much to be deaccuracy in the book. The result partial in dealing with the story of

sired ( we can afford to crave the is scarlet carnage. But be merciLehi? Of course we have. We are

reader's indulgence for using the ful! To realize what difficulties the counsel for the defense. Our

term Jew too freely or engaging confront the creative historian, one witnesses have all been of our own in rather fuzzy speculation on has but to contemplate the laborious choosing, but no one can deny that language), but if only a fraction of production of the Book of Morthey are competent and unprejuour information has been sound, mon's latest critics. diced. We invite the prosecution

I Nephi cannot possibly be exIt was all too easy for the present to crossexamine the witnesses. To

plained on the grounds of mere author, lacking the unfair advandate they have not done so, but incoincidence. To illustrate this, let tages of either wit or learning, to stead have brought their own witthe reader make a simple test. Let show where the abovementioned nesses into court, upto-date intelhim sit down to write a history of critic contradicts herself again lectuals who can tell us just exactly

life in Tibet in the middle of and again. It wasn't even sportwhat the accused was thinking

eleventh century A.D. Let him coning. It required not one iota when he wrote the Book of Morstruct his story wholly on the basis of "scholarship."Since then it mon. Such evidence is not eviof what he happens to know right has been possible for others more dence at all—it is bad science, bad

now about Tibet in the eleventh diligent and more astute to go history, and even bad newspapercentury—that will fairly reprefurther and show how this author reporting and would be rejected by

sent what was known about ancient has doctored the footnotes repeatedany court in the land. But it might

Arabia in 1830. In writing your ly, while a more careful examination impress the halfeducated jury, and

Tibetan fantasy you will enjoy one of the star witness, the notorious that is its purpose. We can best

great advantage: since the canvas Bainbridge court record, shows that explain the new trend in Book of

is an absolute blank, you are free that priceless treasure never exMormon criticism by a little parable.

to fill it with anything that strikes isted! A young man once claimed he had

your fancy. So you should have A Victor Hugo or an Anatole found a large diamond in his field

no trouble in getting "smoothly France can tell a convincing story as he was ploughing. He put the

launched into your narrative,"one when he is near to his own land stone on display to the public free critic who seemed to think that is the and time, but let any writer, even of charge, and everyone took sides.

only obstacle confronting the author the most learned, slip back a cou- A psychologist showed, by citing of the Book of Mormon. But there ple of thousand years and five or some famous case studies, that the

are other obstacles, for in your six thousand miles around the young man was suffering from a chronicle of old Tibet we must inglobe, and he finds himself in a wellknown form of delusion. An

sist that you scrupulously observe treacherous slough from which he historian showed that other men a number of conditions: ( 1 ) you can only extricate himself by taking have also claimed to have found diamust never make any absurd, imfrankly to the wings of fantasy. It monds in fields and been deceived.

possible, or contradictory stateis not the particular events but the A geologist proved that there were ments; (2) when you are finished, general background and atmosphere no diamonds in the area but only

you must make no changes in the of their stories and a thousand litquartz: The young man had been

text; (3) you must give out that tle slips of detail that oblige Messrs. fooled by a quartz. When asked

your "smooth narrative"is not ficWhite and Douglas to wink knowto inspect the stone itself, the tion but true, nay, sacred history; ingly and tell us it's all in fun. geologist answered with a weary,

( 4 ) you must invite the ablest Any handbook on Greek and tolerant smile and a kindly shake orientalists to examine the text with Roman antiquities can supply a of the head. An English professor

care, and strive diligently to see writer with all the accurate detail showed that the young man in dethat your book gets into the hands he can possibly use, but no writer scribing his stone used the very of all those most eager to prove it yet has succeeded in integrating a same language that others had a forgery and most competent to mass of such stuff together into a used in describing uncut diamonds:

expose every flaw in it. The "ausimple, natural, and flawless whole. he was, therefore, simply speaking

thor"of the Book of Mormon obNaomi Mitchison comes nearest, (Continued on page 824) 806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

&<Az\ct4*X& mn th Ej\ UNDER THE MIDNIGHT SUN LOOKING AHEAD TO MARcluded in the account, this storehouse (Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Deseret Book RIAGE, by Clifford R. Adams; ENof materials should afford a novelist

Co., Salt Lake City. 1950. 197 pages. JOYING LEISURE TIME, by of today with factual material. Owen

$2.00.) William C. Menninger; MONEY Wister capitalized on similar material

'"Phis book, from the able and active AND YOU, by J. K. Lasser and Sylvia when he wrote his stories of the West. F. Porter.

pen of Albert L. Zobell, Jr., is (Science Research Associates, Inc., The humor in the book is a dry, quiet

subtitled, "Centennial History of Chicago, Illinois. 60 cents each. variety, but it is there nonetheless and

Scandinavian Missions."It covers HPhese brochures are three in a series adds much to the interest of the book.the essential facts (and much else of books titled Life Adjustment—M. C. ].

besides) of of a ninecentury missionary includes Booklets, to date which PARTLY PARENTS FOR PROUD interest to teen in booklets valuable of firstwork call Scandinavia since the

Bros., Harper (Richard Armour. & their leaders. folk and young The to Erastuscame Peter and Snow O. 1950. pages. 52 $1.00.) York. New life begins with adjustment programHansen, to and E. to Forsgren, John has "CVeryone who children—or the ninth of grade youngsters from age this to greatgo northern in land Octofind to expects have twelfth the hadthem—will continues through andber 1849. actually in The work began delight verse this of a slender volume the deal grade. booklets with The

in if parents 1850,Denmark challenge. Certainly and a Albert and May of problems immediate youth—and theyL. their more, children enjoy Zobell, would Jr., in has well bringing done in their offer real help parents—and problems find ordinary the that wouldtogether a of century facts that at adolescence. early C. J. M.

times read as impellingly as fastmov- would melt away in the love and fun ing fiction. The effectiveness of the LADY LAURA that both ages could experience

/.mission can be somewhat surmised by (Mamie Peters Call. Deseret News jointly.—M. C.

City. Salt 1949. pages. Press, 177 Lake factthe that fortyfive nearly percent OF THE FLUTE $2.75.)of the presentday the membership of MIRROR SMOKING girl '"Phis story of a young WelshChurch have some Scandinavian anUniversity Gillmore. The (Frances to to America came make whocestry. This is an informative and Albuquerque. Press, of New Mexico of in brings singer a as much her way

faithbuilding book. It is a credit to the background of the earlyday pio1949. 183 pages. $4.00.)

its author, and it is a credit to all of neer. But Laura found that there was "Deautifully written and illustrated,

the great and humble characters who more to the migration than obtaining this book, labeled "A Portrait of have accepted and served the latter- a contract to sing. Her experiences Nezahualcoyotl, PoetKing of the

day cause "Under the Midnight Sun."in Salt Lake County and later in Box Aztecs,"should prove of unending

Indians, and death, with County are interested to those fascination who the -R. L. E. Elderpioneering, an interestbook make

Into the Indians. the of the history the in of pioneering the of ing novelTHE LONELY WARRIOR

(Kathleen Dickenson Mellen. Hastings West.—M. C. ]. stirring narrative are woven the cusHouse, N. Y. 1949. 177 pages.) toms and folklore of the period (1402TThis story clings to the days of the HUMANITY AND HAPPINESS 1472) into which this poetking was

great conqueror, the lonely warrior (Georg Brochmann. The Viking born, shortly before the coming of

Kamehameha the Great, who unified Press, New York. 244 pages. $3.00.) the Spaniards.

the Hawaiian Islands under one ruler. HPhe book, originally written in NorThere is intrigue enough for the

It sets forth the habits and customs, the wegian at the time of the Nazi active reader, romance enough for manners and of morals the native to the reader brings much occupation, the for enough romantic, and fact the ofHawaiians a the generations few ago, thinking about of downto-earth bebook This historicallyminded. revealing well the inner forces Strangely moving happiness. of fundamentals

to a introduction a delightful comes of these people, past present. and son whose The enough, Brochmann, Mr.author successfully holds the reader's was imprisoned by the Nazis and who bygone age.—M. C. /.

until attention lives he and the occupamoves for the himself end of toward THE LAND FOREVER the time being the among discovered imprisoned, wholesome tion also was and Anthology. (A Country Chronicle ofpeople the Islands to of Hawaiian possessions require that it not does

nearly two centuries ago. find happiness, but it does require Edited and illustrated by Russell and

This is no ordinary historical recital: character. A poignant book—that Kate Lord. Harper and Bros. New

life andThe times is of Kamehameha a singing York. the came from war—it

filledwere with romance. all everywhere. people for Among the book Ane 1950.of the 394subtitlespages. in$5.00.)one section

of thatHawaiians a of day code was C. J. Excited—M. Should reads: Get "We loyalty that and honor well could be

is precisely Soil."the That about all followed in this in day, by Hawaii TRAILS CRISSCROSS

readers to the authors the do what land.or in any Occasionally and men Willis E. Berg, (Macy H. Lapham.

women broke through the established Berkeley 9, California. 1949. 246 get them excited about the land. The

code; they were but human beings. pages.) author tells about the organization

Mrs. Mellen has not been afraid to of "Friends of the Land,"in order to

tell all that she has found in her /harles E. Kellogg of the U. S. help people get excited about protectpainstaking research. The story of Department of Agriculture wrote ing the soil to increase the happiness

is there;Captain exciting this several the exbook, to the Cook foreword effectiveness of mankind. and The

affairs love spirit are the included; and soil the of of surveyor periences a first of seventynine the pages bookof the islands, beautiful to which seems adds the in early book West. The tell last the the organization; about curse, ancienthave the escaped perthe folklore land of to west the much three comprise pages an hundred odd page.vades every

hisas as well the Mississippi of the land, creating of the anthology a visitor to should Every Hawaii make this a part of his kit; and the stayat- tory of the soil survey in the early fondness for it and an insistence on

homes, by reading this book would days. Colorful as only a firsthand our ownership of the land for survival

almost take a trip to Hawaii. account of experiences of these days of the best in us. M. C. J.

-/. A. W. could be, rich in the personalities in- (Concluded on page 840)

OCTOBER 1950 807 PLAIN

Dm >adle J4. C/reenhalffh Ann

took less than one minute for had crumbled and were in bits under

IT Ann's dream castles to topple her feet, the feet that weren't helterskelter to the schoolroom crossed at the ankles any more.

floor and break in tiny bits. She had tried so hard all her

Yes, at exactly 9:15 a.m. she days to be liked; but she was just

was sitting very erect; her feet were "plain Ann,"and

crossed properly underneath the no matter what desk, and she was smiling very she did no one prettily at all her classmates. noticed her at all.

She was in high school now; it Even back in the

was her first day; and everything first grade she rewas so exciting and going to be so membered how she

much fun. She knew she would had cried because

like all her teachers, especially Mr. the other kids

Martin, who was this very minute didn't play with "tootheverything was so first her day, and called her It woi recess at and to see her pausing roll and thecalling fun. to much be so going and sixexciting all other like but less Ann,"she as he or student was eachwho

answered. yearolds her two front teeth had

Mr. Martin was tall and dark finally made a reappearance, and Now after all this careful prepaand handsome, so even American that stage was passed by. ration she was still just "plain Ann."

that third grade in the It was walkhistory was going to be gobs of her graceful no wonder It was tallest the she was suddenly fun. not having and forgotten; girl was

At just 9:16 he had come to her in the room, and her arms dangled enough courage to hold her head

name and was saying: "Ann Baxdown the longest, and everyone high, her shoulders drooped, and

ter?"said, "Here's 'skinny Annie.'she never met anyone's glances

Still smiling, Ann answered in Somehow the.proper food must to know whether she was being

a musical tone, and as Mr. Martin have gone to the proper places beadmired or not.

looked directly at her, he added: cause the "skinny Annie"gave way It was weeks later, during a

"Just plain Ann, is that all there is to "Annie freckleface."Night checkup at the family dentist, that

to your name?"after night she secretly slid a jar Dr. Anthony remarked:

And so it was just 9:17 when of freckle cream from its hiding "It isn't every girl that has such

Ann timidly answered: "Just Ann."place (no one must know that she a perfectlooking set of teeth, so

Her shoulders had slumped, her had taken some of her allowance uniform and white. If there were

head lowered, and her face was for this), and while she rubbed it just a smile to go with them, you very red. All the dreams and high in vigorously, she prayed hard that would be material for the dental

hopes of an exciting school year her freckles would all be gone by ads."So that was the day Ann

morning, but it seemed that neither began to find her smile again.

"faith"nor "works"were going to It was after swimming class, in be successful. the locker rooms one day, that Miss

A wise mother had faced each Brown, the physical ed. teacher,

problem with her and explained said: "I didn't recognize you, Ann,

to her that they were all just stages with your hair wet like that. I have

that all little girls passed through found myself waiting for you to before they developed into beautiful come through the door lately begirlhood. All summer Mother had cause I like to see the sun on the

helped her learn to walk correctly, back of your golden hair. It curls

sit correctly, smile pleasantly, and at just the right places and leaves she had practically memorized the a few smooth places for the sun to little blue book because her wings shine on."

were unfolding, and she was going It was that night that Ann's hair to enter high school a graceful received an extra ten strokes with butterfly. the brush, and she again held her

(Concluded on page 814) 808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

NOMAUmOaeteaftfewBtok!

Complete Stepby-step Directions for Making Every

Type of Furniture—Including Builtin Conveniences

and Homeremodeling Jobs.

FURNITURE MAKING REUPHOLSTER REPAIRand CABINET WORK A HANDBOOK REMO by B. W. PELTON

Look! % NEW FURNITURE

FROM OLD!

Complete stepby-step directions to save those show you old how than 540 pages. More

pieces of furniture you about were of Diagrams, Hundreds Plans, to discard, transform and them

Illustrations BUILD Photographs, into bright, articles. useful new,

Now, with the aid of this great book, can old or convert new you is in great everything a handbook you new HERE, into furniture smart, broken modcabinet furniture to making: about want know

will articles ern that years provide jobs, projects. repair of work, remodeling Hundreds and usefulness. example, For of new

clear, detailed plans and simple, nontechnical directions this book shows how to make an enable you to build brandnew furniture for every room oldfashioned piano bench into a sofa stool. table or a vanity That in the for house and every living need—quickly, easily,

circular dining table can outmoded right in your home. and own into coffee be transformed a smart

Accurate drawings and practical instructions show you all the table or console. Old chairs can

tricks of the trade and the real professional methods of repairing, now be made into footstools, end refinishing and reupholstering worn or broken pieces. And there tables, magazine racks or redeare complete directions for every type of homeremodeling project signed into upto-date chairs. Yes,

—from a simple cabinet installation to the complete transformathis great handbook illustrates and

tion of an attic or unfinished second floor into lovely modern describes all sorts of remodeling

job, every project Every craftsman PELTON bedroomsmaster and bathrooms. projects, such as how to make over who gives youis explainedauthentic ininstructionscareful detailon exactlyby a evenold dressers,old washboardsdesks, radioandcabinets,sidehow to carry out each step in the work—from obtaining the boards. Simple, easy and fun to

materials to the final finishing operations: staining, varnishing, do when you know how—and the

waxing, etc. money you can save is truly

Just a Few of the Things You Can Make amazing.

Yourself With the of This Great Aid Book BRIEF OUTLINE kitchen Dressing table launtable cellarette heavyduty magazine rack folding screens of dry hamper jug lamps, bottle OF CONTENTS floor leatherglass-block wallboard, lamps, lamps, plywood, Indoorfurniture * * picture etc. etc. ette, rack wallpaper, lamps, luggage Outdoorfurniture end CabinetmakingConstruction

* builtin tables flower chairs tables dressing frames book

Builtin Furniture Construction * tables rustic tables occasional cases unit cases book

FinFurniture and Conveniences shelves furniture furniture bartrough framed long book rel glass card trays furniture table furniture extended metal Inlays ishing Veneers and table bedside furtable furniture concrete barbeque Seat Upholstery Weaving and rolling typing niture desk doubledecktilt-top mobile bed bar RefinishRestoration, Repair and chifforobe builtin cabinets lounge corner cupboard book

Interior of ing Principles Decochest cecloset-door racks vanity pirate chest bannooks * ration Remodeling. Indoor quettes breakfast chest snack bureau nook dar woodbox

catchall kitchen cabinet.......MAILbar etc., etc. THIS COUPON.......|

D. VAN NOSTRAND COMPANY, INC.

250 Fourth Avenue, New York 3, N. Y.

EXAMM THIS WithinPlease10senddaysmeI willa copyeitherof return"Furniturethe book,Makingor sendand Cabinetyou $2.95,Work."plus

until the for months postage, a two as payment, and $2.00 a month down T GR FREE BOOK is total paid. of postage, plus price $6.95,

fill at right. in the mail coupon and

(If this entire coupon, will pay with of the $6.95 send amount you we will of a "Furniture copy bring you

if completely not refund the privilege postage. return guarantee and Same ten for days'and Cabinet ItMaking Work"

satisfied.) it over, free spend examination. Look some fc it for yourself see simwith time and how

NOSTI pleconvincedand practicalthat this itbookis. Unlessis just whatyou youare NAME

return and owe you may it or ip want,NOTHING, you mayit to keepus by ADDRESS.

of a making $2.95, payment down

plus a few cents postage, and the ince in two monthly payCITY. ZONE.STATE.

ments of $2.00 eacl k.. IE1050

OCTOBER 1950 ARE YOU A FAMILY NIGHTER?

(Concluded from page 789) time, our nights are classified as: not published until years after

together, even the youngest Millar spiritual cultural, and recreational. Joseph Smith was dead.

could see that it was impossible to These sections are rotated regularThe children's interest in the Inbuy the Christmas presents and the ly in order to develop the entire dians was whetted and resulted in new car, too. As the parents family in each field. exploring on many Saturday afterscratched busily with their pencils, Our cultural activity proved so noons the Indian relics to be found

the little ones whispered together interesting last winter and summer in this part of the country. We

and came up with the proposition that we had to increase the allotted studied and searched and have come that all their Christmas lists be withtime into whole days to finish what to see from the mistakes of our drawn. Daddy needed a new car, we had started. Fred brought home predecessors that misunderstandthey reasoned, but they didn't need a book entitled Runner for the King, ings between races and peoples only

the toys they wanted. by Rowena Bennett. He reviewed cause hardships, bitterness, and

The family began to consider it as his contribution for culture. destruction.

this most generous offer, and the His sister followed the next week Young people are proud and fine college members went into a huddle. with a book showing pictures of and intelligent. Family nights enTheir plan was to be extra careful the ruins left by the Aztec Indians able families to discuss touchy matof the money allotted to them for about whom Runner [or the King ters in an impersonal manner. A

school and to pick up a little extra was written. Here was an opporyoungster does not mean to do

work so that they could play Santa tunity to dovetail the interest of wrong, and almost always he can to the younger members of the famour children with our religious be made to see he is "off the beam". teachings Using this book as an more quickly if the subject is treated

ay example, we were able to prove as if it were some other race or

The final plan was a bit of heartthat Joseph Smith could not possibly person or circumstance. Minds

warming democracy. Dad drove have had any information regarding remain open and can more readily

the new car in front of the window the ruins of South America because see wrong when looking impersonalon Christmas morning so that the there was no such material in this ly at others. A child who sees the

family could look at their present. country at that time. There were error of his ways and corrects them

In the afternoon, they all went for only two handwritten books upon in this manner has achieved the a pleasant ride. The college memthe subject in the world, and both goal without resentment, rebellion,

bers were as good as their word of them were in Europe where anor any exchange of hateful words.

and played Santa while the younger other young American was reading Today, when juvenile authorities, members had the joy of knowing them. At the time Joseph Smith was educators, judges, and psychologists

their part of the plan had been giving the Book of Mormon to the are crying for parents to assume cutting their lists to only a few inworld, the young American had retheir obligations to their children expensive gifts. turned to this country prior to goand society, it behooves every LatIn our own home, family nights ing to South America as one of our terday Saint to pause and consider

are divided into sections, one for diplomats. While there, he sketched well the plan sent through our

each member of the family old the ruins he found and returned to spiritual leaders to save us and our enough to participate. At the present write about them. His work was children from destruction.

1 AM BROUGHT FORTH TO MEET YOU (Concluded from page 781) how the look of a prophet stood up on fluttered down and flattened out on the

An eyewitness to the unveiling the platform before us. In a deep, resonant ground, and high in the air above us stood

ceremonies on this occasion was audiencevoice he sangannouncedit, I sawa hymn,that andbesideas himthe ato gleaminghis breastbronzewith hisMoronileft handclaspingand apointbook

Carl Carmer, the author of Listen stood other big men of strong features and ing heavenward with his right.

[or a Lonesome Drum. In a chapter dignified bearing. I thought—these people Then the big bearded man who had anentitled "The Magic Hill,"he gives have come back here to a country I have nounced the hymn stepped forward and

an impressive account of what he known a long time, in whose little towns spoke:

stand on holy ground."2saw. He perhaps did not undercountryI played I ballhavegamesalwayswhentakenI wasas aa boy,mattera "We

stand the significance of all the of course, an ordinary, folksy section. I Moroni is more than a Nephite something he beheld butceremony, of Bethlehem, thought and and Mecca I prophet, more than a keeper of in realized that the suddenly minds and emobeing done, andgreat in what was

he wrote honestly about it as tions of a million people over the world spired records, more than an instructor era. of this hillside to turned were a new at this moment a man He isfollows:

State. just out of Palmyra in York lived died, ago, ages rewho and

As I sat down in the tremendous outdoor The big crowd were all singing lustily turned as he stated he would, led the choir platform. figures a now, by four onauditorium, apwhite-clad

air, triumphant to the through meet of foot at the the towering canvaspeared

I frail this leave existence "When us, his with the Lord. from message us.far raised gleaming long above They

I this mortal by, lay When for silent in a stoodtrumpets moment and is a living the of Moroni example I Father, Mother, meet you may relief sky. the blue againstsharp Then the of promise... courts high? royal In your on resurrection—of to play.they began

life. finished, last bearded, the After a crashed there eternal they had chord out When largely proportioned man who had somewas a hush, and suddenly the canvas 2By special permission of Carl Carmer 810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA piiiiiiiiiitiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiii niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii nun iiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ii|

I NEW CHURCH BOOKS ( for your reading pleasure

Never in our history have we been able to offer a finer selection of wonderful new books. Books for the whole family to enjoy and by noted L. D. S. authors.

] You'll want to add these to your library. j

BIBLE ANCIENT THEMES

of the STORIES AMERICA For Young and the RESTORED Latterday Saints BOOK OF MORMON GOSPEL

By Emma Maw Petersen By Dr. Milton R. Hunter By Dr. Sidney B. Spetvy

and Thomas S. Ferguson

2.75 4.00 1.50

addresses Sperry's of Dr. compilation truly impor- a enlightening, A Scholarly, a copy should have family L.D.S. Every

subjects timely such on sermons of of Book and the students for enlarged book tant revised and this newly of

Spirit his work, and Smith reliJoseph as tor your "must"a contribuand It's everlasting Mormon an edition.

Saints Latterday Scriptures'of represents Modern volume library. This gious the literature and church to tion

rich beautiful stories of both old years of data research and travel. It view of Peter's Confession, and many

and new testament will thrill the contains wonderful new material conothers. The many requests for copies

hearts of all young Latterday Saints. cerning ancient civilizations described of these sermons and articles prompted

Completely new and enriched with in The Book of Mormon. It is one of this compilation in book form and they

colorful biblical illustrations. (Bible the few books written on this subject are now available to all who wish them.

Stories, Old Testament only, still availbringing you undeniable proof of our A perfect addition to your church book able at $1.75.) A wonderful child's gift. sacred volume of scriptures. collection... a beautiful gift item.

ORDER BY MAIL OR FROM YOUR LOCAL BOOK DEALER

B00KCRAFT SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH Publishers of Fine L. D. S. Books 1186 SO. MAIN STREET

Si OCTOBER 1950 811 <.<sJG&***&v*.i*Cr%uGri..t.t.A&

it lakes %r % jrearfui l/ou aaer BY RICHARD L. EVANS h

Tf we were to allow ourselves to be unnerved by the daily the all hear and by all we impact of all we see and life, so soon should be of circumstances we r disappointing to make a water %

If objectives. sight of ultimate lose that would we

of to all lives open our and leave our thoughts should weheater tf$ft % upset could of each disturbances potential day, we the actual and with the easily become utterly ineffective—paralyzed

conthe of and with impending doom fearful awareness rust No

If should calamity. threatened of we stant companionship

could that tragedies the troubles and before all tremble No corrosion or might happen, and fret about them as though they

No leaky tank already had happened, life could surely become a fearful ordeal. If every crosscurrent, if every flurry, if every

Longer service breaker were permitted to capsize us, we would be daily drenched and drowning. When we live in this world, the Pure hot water I storms come, sometimes frequently, sometimes occasionally,

f and sometimes it seems almost constantly, but a firm faith in the Lord God and in ultimate objectives makes the storms worth weathering, no matter how furious or how

Fowler has what frequent. The ground swells, the quick squalls, and the

it takes! Every feadeep and elemental disturbances are inevitable in life. And

ture you demand they must not be permitted to upset us to the point where plus GlassLining. we lose our bearings or swim in circles. The temporary

First with Fowler, glasslining is the setbacks, the heartaches, the passing disappointments, all of usproved advancement that assures luxthe deep and bitter sorrows—some of which

permitted to confuse our course.urious automatic hot water for years to pass through—must not be

prosthe from or trouble, from freedom ever had man No of bondway It is Fowler's owncome. have lived it and above have trouble, but of many pects tank the inside steel with porcelaining the in spite of accomplishment quiet peace and found

service. This sanitation and longerfor life must In day. of the we confusion disturbance and

rustproof protection is a positive safelearn this lesson: There is no smooth surface from shore

guard against tank rust and corrosion, to shore, from season to season, for anyone. When

regardless of water conditions. It is we're on the ocean, the storms come. Of course life will

your assurance of sparkling clean hot upset us if we let it. But we can keep from capsizing if

water for every household need. we don't lose sight of our ultimate objectives. We can

Fowler measures up to all your rekeep on our course if we keep planning and working and quirements for enjoyable, lowcost pursuing useful purposes in the present—and keep faith

water heating service. Electric water in the future.

heaters supply 5 to 80 gallons. (Table

top models: 30 and 40 gallons.) Fowler Jke J>K)0Kipoken Word*'i/ i/ofa from temple square

glasslined electric water heaters are PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADbacked by the manufacturer's 20year CASTING SYSTEM, AUGUST 6. 1950

prorated warranty. Copyright 1950

See Fowler at your dealer's or write for

full information.

Also manufacturer of FOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS THE PURPLED YEARS By Eva Willes Wangsgaard

DO not ask him back whose early flight I would not ask him back where wings

I Was eagle swift beyond the twilit hill; are spent.

Nor do I question why, or whether night My only plea is that the arctic day

Obscures his wings or sunshine gilds them His passing left be not too long and cold, still. That I who, wingless, walk the purpled

ELECTRIC WATER HEATER Never to know the shrunken, brittled form, way,

Mellow descent, slope, the drab the rocky Never COMPANY MANUFACTURING FOWLER 2, Oregon Portland S. E Gladstone the 2545 the outspread above My innerin selfspiritbe asworthythe yearsof caress,enfold, wings Always

storm Even the throttling grip of loneliness.

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HEAR THEM ALL THIS SEASON

Amos 'N'Andy Sundays 5:30 p.m.

Arthur Godfrey Show Mon. Thru Fri. 9 a.m., 12:45 p.m.

Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts % Mondays 6:30 p.m.

Bergen & McCarthy Sundays 6 p.m.

Beulah Mon. thru Fri. 9:45 p.m*

Bing Crosby Show Wednesdays 7:30 p.m.

Club 15 Mon. thru Fri. 9:30 p.m.

V Corliss Archer Sundays 7 p.m.

Dr. Christian

Wednesdays 6:30 p.m.

Edward R. Murrow

Mon. thru. Fri. 2:30 p.m.

Friendly With A Hammond Mon. thru Fri. 2:30 p.m.

Friendly Time

Mon. thru Fri. 8 a.m.

Gene Autry Show Saturdays 6 p.m.

Horace Heidt Show Sundays 7:30 p.m.

Jack Benny Show Sundays 5 p.m.

Land Of Make Believe Mon. thru Fri. 5 p.m.

Life With Luigi Tuesdays 7 p.m.

Lowell Thomas

Mon. thru Fri. 9 p.m.

Lux Radio Theatre Mondays 7 p.m.

Margaret Masters'Kitchen Mon. thru Fri. 8:45 a.m.

My Favorite Husband Saturdays 7:30 p.m.

My Friend Irma Mondays 8:00 p.m.

Our Miss Brooks Sundays 4:30 p.m.

Red Skelton Show Sundays 6 p.m.

Songs of Harry Clark Mon. thru Fri. 7:15 a.m.

Story Time With Uncle Roscoe Mon. thru Fri. 5:15 p.m.

OCTOBER 1950 813

PLAIN ANN

( Concluded /rom page 808 Ann was glad for the freckles that head up high "so the sun could had hid the complexion from view shine on the smooth places."until the proper time and had then

When she really began to walk miraculously disappeared a few at correctly again, and take pride in a time and made a change for peothe fact, was after a trip to the ple to notice.

shoe store. The clerk said: "Walk Then before Ann realized it, it

down in front of that triple mirror was the closing week of school.

and see how nice those shoes look There had been more smiles, more on your feet. Most girls need dates, more fun, and now Jim was

shoes with a buckle or bow to add handing back her yearbook. He

to their attractiveness, but the shape had spent a whole study period of your foot lends style to that plain thinking a lot but writing little pump."among the other autographs.

A line, you say? Perhaps! But Ann dared not look right then

it was a good line administered at not until she got back to her locker the proper time and place. did she peek inside. Her heart

pounded hard and brought a bright It was during the holidays that

Ann had her first date with Jim, pink blush to her cheeks as she read

PROTECTION andspentthenon she"Emilydidn'tPost,"regretastheshehourswas theI likefollowing:your charming smile,

at ease, her natural self, as she And hope to see it yet awhile.

acknowledged introductions, made ToI likeeverthe cutsunshinethose onprettyyourlockshair;would not

pleasant conversation, and didn't be fair.

ALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS forget to thank Jim for a lovely I like the way you walk down the street. evening. That's what made me say: "Let's go in

doors Alumatic aluminum are a When a girl friend asked, "Gosh, There'sand nohavedenying,a treat."you're the cream of Screen permanent improvement!

or storm panels quickly slip into Ann, what do you use to keep such the crop.

a strong aluminum frame that a peaches and cream complexion?"As just "plain Ann"I like you a lot!

never needs repairs 1 T PENO.

-rT/UUTLatlc.

ALUMINUM COMBINATION STORM AND SCREEN LIBERTY THROUGH THE GOSPEL OF JESUS CHRIST WINDOWS save fuel by insulatit'e ing entire win- {Concluded from page 803) yet, the project of personal liberty opening! dow

task. is Sureeternal our and major xtiFBBtot>. obtain any based. we When Guaranteed * by i....FHA terms is of eternal ly Good Housekeeping the is on one beam or of soul, mind, body, by freedom

3122235 government, it is by obedience to truth when he proclaims that the is the he it who obeys freest man that upon which law of liberty For Complete Information are highest laws law. highest The is of govpredicated. The liberty

CALL or WRITE ernment or the liberty of the gospel the gospel—the celestial laws. The

come from the same eternal source gospel is founded upon the princiJesus, the author and champion of ple of freedom. Without agency

liberty. The most profitable inman could never be held accountvestment you can make in this life able for his sins before God. If

1349 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah is the investment in liberty of the the highest or fullest freedom is

Phone 8-0511 soul through obedience to the gosfound only in the realm of things pel. There are no dividends comcelestial, then the Saints through

INSULATIONS, liberty seeking are and gospel with these which come the INC. mensurate

South Main 1349 is their the at freedom best. Now freedom towards from our labors City, Salt Lake Utah

Please information send complete on Alumathe plan of life and salvaday through tic Combination Windows. Doors and the highest for us aslaw—thatSaints to webe loyalmay beto tion Lord. of our

is to our opportunity Now liberty. NAME Perhaps the greatest of all the establishfree. our Why not

ADDRESS arts is learning how to be free indipersonally join in with the Psalmist vidually. Ours is a higher toned and say, "And I will walk at liberty:

business than building things—imfor I seek thy precepts.''(Psalms

portant as that be in this world 119:45.)

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TWO WAYS TO SELL PEACHES...

Which pays farmers better?

,ore peaches pet

manhour thana o{ fine quality special do haul i He peaches "* customers, t e'rUckersan peaches. trm to f locate broads this Ws receive r W freeze *.g,, or in canned can <*.**t tag izes cessors 1 o ta** he car. r "customersU"tmer-s peaches Pafp imDr peachesetmg his etiM sue Btotes proVlde doUar Modern

The the fron. the American

faeiUtiesarepaxd v**>*peaChes European spena **ot ahead customers peasant m <*

vy

v*Ti COMPARED to the marketit-yourself grading or packaging charges than anSafeway costs are lower than average system, the American way sells many other. Or entails more service charges for for such retailing services. In fact, our

times more dollars'worth of peaches. storage, wholesaling or freight. costs today represent a smaller part of

Bigger share of Safeway dollar 10 years ago. ciently—Americanandfarmersthey cancan producespecializemoreby cropeffithe food dollar than Safeway required

goes to growers or area—because modern marketing faOf course, the dollar volume of our

cilities are available to move their bigger, Safeway's business is the retailing of food. sales has increased, due in part to higher

better production to customers. This function, you know, is sometimes food prices. But our labor and other costs

True, growers here in America get less lumped with other charges under the are up even more sharply. Chiefly because

than 100% of the customer's food dollar. blanket term, "costs of distribution."But we've learned year by year to operate

But... because there is mass consumption Safeway has nothing to do with farmto- more efficiently can we return to farmers

... they are able to farm on a mass prowarehouse hauling costs. And in most of today a larger share of each dollar of

duction basis. Thus American growers rethe processed foods, others—not Safeway Safeway sales.

ceive more money.—do the processing and packaging.

idea of selling more food The U.S. farmer's share of the food For all our retailing services—The Safeway

dollar spent for fresh fruits and vegeaveraged over all farm crops—per store and per employee isn't ours

tables today is around 40. This share Safeway requires less than 14t out alone. We are in free competition with

drops to about 2Si for canned fruits and of the dollar customers pay for many stores working toward the same end.

vegetables. It hits around 28 for rolled food at our stores. It seems to us that is good for everyoats, expensive to process... 70# to 75$ This 14 covers all our costs of doing a body—for farmer, customer and store man

for good grade beef, butter and eggs. retail business (such costs as wages, rents, alike.We invite you to test our ideas of how

The grower's percent of the food doltaxes, advertising, etc.) plus a profit. In a store should be run by doing your food

lar varies from crop to crop because one 1949 our profit was \%$ per dollar of shopping at Safeway, where almost onecrop requires more processing, cleaning, food sales at Safeway stores. fifth of all customers are farm families.

SAFEWAY STORES

OCTOBER 1950 815 TODAY'S

> EDITOR'I/Sun Shepherd>f

added to almost any food to bring out flavor.

Spices are the roots, bark, stems, leaves, seeds, or fruit of aromatic

SHALL tropics;plants whichbut manyusuallykitchengrowherbsin andthe

seeds which are not tropical are also commonly called spices. SinceWE USE the flavor of a spice is its volatile

oil, sooner or later the flavor will evaporate if it does not receive prokept be All spices should per care.

shelf the spiceCONDIMENT*?7I,, tightly covered, and

placed away from the stove or other

DOCdoctor has defined thej sins'Iwhich is a normal constituent of the warm places. Spices are classed as

agaiagainst the stomach fes speef bloodstream and so must be included sweet, spicysweet, and hot, and itA spice,spic and alcohol. These, he in the diet. However, its extensive is the milder, sweet spices, a few of

said, make for sour stomachs, sleepuse*Js largely a matter of custom which are listed below, which are less nights, and nasty dispositions.'rather than physiological need, recommended to the housewife.

We have been told muc|fcaboujt the nlelsalt is found in a natural state evils of high tension ftvjkg aft of rrlaJiy foods that we eat, we would Allspice: (flavor resembles a blend

alcohol, but what have spices to do o well to train ourselves to prefer of cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves) with the general state of our health? the addition of only a limited Used whole to flavor meats, gravies,

There are many mild spices, amount at the table. Learning to and fish. Ground, it is used in pudseeds, and herbs that, if used wisely, like a little salt rather than a great dings, relishes, some fruits, and bakenhance the flavor of fpods"a*5cF { deal might be a safeguard for health ing.Anise Seed: (licoriceflavor) Used

in, later years, as excessive amounts they cooking;| asset to goodan

burden THerfe an added in moderation. * flace be usedshould on the in Basil:cookiesHerband usedcandies.in tomato dishes,

ea< to biting strong,are other feeasonihgxp5|in ni 9 n string beans. peas, squash, Try blood cooked

it also excess, 1 tfo, pressure. In encourirritating are very leaves over lambwhich sprinkling chopped

stomach and kidneys, \ an ages overeating and overdrinking. chops before cooking.

are better left out of the diOT Of course, in summer, those who Bay leaves: Used in stews, spice

gether. Such strong seasonings perspire freely and must work in sauces, soups. Good with meats, fish

tend also to pervert the sense of the heat need extra salt. Many chowder. May be added to tomato

taste by numbing the d|licate taste places of work provide it in tablet sauce.

in bakSeed: used Widely Caraway to also added be help to destroy thus \he form.andbuds and it w in in ing, especially rye bread. Good

is salt to be prefood. Iodized mildlyfor wholesorne.iappetite soft cheese noodles, sauerkraut,

flavored, natural foods. * t. ferred, f or iodine is a known prespreads, some meats.

Pepper, for instance, Is. very fc5 ventivecof simple goiter. Cassia ( Cinnamon ): Used whole in

ritating. It has no food talire, landVAfewlydeveloped flavoring preserving, puddings, stewed fruits.

its widespread daily rise ifi Vhe jpea- i IriitVflronosodium glutamate, Ground, it is used in baked goods, soning of foods is most unwise. Bt y made/MSfficJke of the amino acids mashed sweet potatoes, with sugar on

is a stimulating condiment* harmful fcfcmf lin dwir beets, wheat, and cinnamon toast.

to the mucous linings of tht system, \conf It is Mfa "seasoning,"in the Celery Salt: (combination of salt

and we would do well to avojd its y usuS Iseiial: of the word, since it andfish, groundeggs, potatocelery salad,seed) saladGood dresswith

use. Other irritating spices\ which adds no flavor of its own to a dish. ing, tomato juice, bouillon.

of catalyst as a sort Ratlir/Kacts if at used sparingly,should be Celery with salads, fish, Seed: Used

flavors - td lftfiBolit natural curry, horsera mustard,include dressings, already salad vegetables.

and ginger. Certainly these s resent in ifood. The manufacturers Chervil: (flavor resembles mild

not be used regularly as flavo tate xht \t is a natural product, parsley) Good in soups, salads, egg and relishes, and those who ound in small amounts in all vegedishes, French dressing, fish.

sensitive stomachs must learn ables, meats, fish, and poultry, but Cloves: Used whole in meat cookleave them alone. erve$ to wake the taste buds to a ery, spiced fruits. Used ground in

Salt is not a spice: it is a chemica greater appreciation of food flavors baked goods, stews, vegetables.

is Dill Seed: Used in salads, soups, added. It becommore is when

Against 1 "Sins available generally and be may Culture, HealthM.D.. the MayStomach."1950, p.). 38DeWitt Fox (Concluded on page 818)

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I can fairly see the dirt walk off by itself!"

writes Mrs. Robert J. Burns of New Brunswick, N. J,

Thank you, Mrs. Burns, for this quotable

quote. Like any woman who washes

FORR l&'&utdty for toa trybig otherfamily,laundryyou'veproducts.been tempted

And like these other women, you have found no substitute for FelsNaptha.

\AJkat Js LjoocL Ljfoomina:

of is a standard groomingGood cleanliness personal and pleasing appearance projected from our desire to be appreciated; and it

reflects our skill in realizing this desire.

Basically, it means the selection of clothes that fit well and are at- \ tractively styled; the choice of hair

style that is becoming, and makeFels-Naptha's mild golden soap and gentle, active naptha up that is suitable to the individual plus the new "sunshine"ingredients make white clothes whiter and colored fabrics brighter. May you and all FelsNaptha's—for on these depend the successof a grooming program. Far better friends live long and prosper—and may FelsNaptha always

to plan a wardrobe which will asmake your washdays lighter and shorter.

\.yl.

Always use Improved FelsNaptha the only laundry product that gives you 1. Mild, golden soap.

2. Gentle, active naptha.

iner "sunshine"ingredients for extra, brilliant whiteness and clearer, brighter colors.

sure the young lady poise and comfort for every occasion than to fill it haphazardly with articles which are not suitable to personality or figure but which must be worn out anyhow. Far better to get rid of

unsuitable items ( if possible ) which detract from appearance and make FelsNaptha Soapthe individual selfconscious, for {Concluded on page 820) BANISHES "TATTLETALE GRAY ti

OCTOBER 1950 817 SHALL WE USE CONDIMENTS?

(Concluded from page 816) Paprika: Colorful garnish for any

fish, meat gravies, potato salad, green pale food. Used on fish, salads, vegeapple pie, etc. tables, meats, canapes.

Garlic Salt: (combination of salt

and garlic powder) Used in tomato Poppy Seed: (crunchy, nutlike

juice, meat, vegetable dishes, stews, flavor) Excellent as a topping for salads, scrambled eggs. breads, rolls, cookies. Good in salads

Mace: Whole { called Blade ), is and in fillings for pastry.

excellent in fish sauces. Try adding Rosemary: (sweet, freshtasting)

a chopped blade to gingerbread batter. Used in lamb dishes, soups, stews.

it is in fine essential Ground, pound

it color cakes, and and Flavors meat stock. May be added to gives good

I Western I flavor to all yellow cakes. potatoes while cooking or sprinkled on

Marjoram: (of the mint family) is beef roasts before cooking.

delicious combined with other herbs Thyme: Used in soups, stews, poullock in stews, soups, fish, and sauce recipes. try dressings. Excellent in chowders

May be sprinkled on lamb while cookand meat sauces, croquettes, chipped

WESTERN LOCKERAP litering. beef, fricassees, and with tomatoes.

ally locks in flavorful juices and natural color of frozen meats, fish, fowl and game. It's the

waxed paper wrap designed for one express purpose... to guard

your choice cuts of meats while freezerstored. Whether you have a home PAINT TRICKS

freezer of your own or rent a frozen food locker, WESTERN &

LOCKERAP gives you pluscJovilse itnee (LJe perfect protection... assures you

of fresh mealtime flavor for your frozen meats, fish, fowl and game. Ask your grocer or

locker plant operator today for

WESTERN LOCKERAP.

FREE colorful guide to help you prepare, protect and preserve your quickfrozen foods.

Write now to Western Waxed Paper Co., North Portland,'

Oregon. Your copy, will be

mailed at once.

Roll contains ISOWESTERNfeet of—Photograph by Ivan Burkhart LOCKERAP.

Choice of IS, 20 or 24 inch widths. HpHE plainest little bedroom can be knack shelf above the bed was given

made attractive through the in- a real importance when a frame was expensive medium of paint. Shown painted on the outside. Now the

here is a teenager's room which niche looks a suitable size instead was just a plain white room at first. of seeming insignificant, as it did

But the ingenious and willingto- before being "framed."Dyeing

work young lady painted huge, cheesecloth yellow for glass curWESTERN WAXED PAPER CO. butteryellow polka dots on one tains, then picking up a remnant of

PORTLAND IDS ANGELESBAN LEANDRO wall (using a soup plate for the yellow and rust chintz for color at pattern), then painted the door the the window was no job at all, and same cheery color. The little knickdidn't wreck the allowance.

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WITH THE jaunruJtLoTL.

AUTOMATIC CLOTHES DRYER No longer need you gamble with the weatherman on washday.

With the Hamilton Automatic Clothes Dryer you just flip the switch, toss in your clothes directly from wringer or spinner and, in a matter of minutes, they're ready to iron! Your clothes gently tumble dry in a bath of warm,

clean air, and are taken out soft, fluffy and sweet smelling.

Hamilton, the first automatic clothes dryer, is proved by years of actual performance in thousands of homes and apartments. Available in either gas or electric models.

See one of these Hamilton Dealers for a Free demonstration of this amazing time and labor saver!

UTAH DEALERS

BARLOW FURNITURE COMPANY Clearfield

BLAKE ELECTRIC COMPANY Richfield

BRADLEYBADGER, 38 South Main Salt Lake City IDAHO DEALERS

REED BROTHERS COMPANY, 24th and Kiesel.... Ogden BINGHAM AND SONS CO Rexburg and Idaho Falls

ROCKY MOUNTAIN GAS CO., 1212 Beck St Salt Lake City FOSTER'S INC., 816 Bannock St - Boise

SOTER'S INC., 51 North Main Midvale LIQUEFIED GAS CORPORATION, 703 So. 8th St Boise

TAYLOR BROTHERS, 250 West Center Provo ROCKY MOUNTAIN GAS CO Pocatello and Idaho Falls

UTAH APPLIANCE CO., 32 East 1st North.Provo WILSON BATES APPLIANCE CO. Twin Falls, Jerome, and BuHey

No more lifting and lugging basNo more worry over rain, sleet, No more worry over dust, smoke kets of heavy, wet clothes. wind or snow on washday. or soot that soils clothes.

GORDON E. WILKINS, IRONERS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah OCTOBER 1950 819. )

Blueprint for Beauty {Concluded from page 817) the aim of every wellgroomed individual is an unawareness of self.

To be really effective, good -ws. grooming must become a habit: a

roundthe-clock, roundthe-calendar

Vi v -I A habit that pays off in popularity and daily, It involves impressions. good -5K routines which weekly, and general 65.1

are followed faithfully. Some people, for instance, have been known to follow a schedule like this:

Every night—

1. Brush clothes worn during the

day and hang them carefully. Mend

Poor Sally! She used tuna sandwiches as "Date Bait".. any hems or seams needing repair.

Check fastenings.

but the date went sour! She's learning (at an early age!) that tuna 2. Shine shoes to be worn tomoris either delicate and delicious...or it isn't! From now on, she'll row.

3. Press clothes to be worn totake a tip from Polly (who learned it from her mother!) and always morrow.

buy this famous quality brand 4. Brush hair and set it if necessary.

... for only the tender light meat 5. Check fingernails to see that

is packed in"Bite Size"Tuna! they're smooth and polish is not

chipped.

PWfD SPSS& SALTIN SOYBEANADDED OIL 6. Bathe. LOOK FOR THE CAN WITH THE '5 6'/i

GREEN LABEL... ALSO 7. Take off all makeup and apAVAILABLE IN SOLID PACK BTfTstZETUNA ply a good skin cream. Then relax,

with feet up, for twenty minutes.

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. Every week—

1. Shampoo and put up hair.

2. Manicure fingernails and pedicure toenails.

3. Go through wardrobe and seeONE TASTE TELLS YOU WHY that sweaters, skirts, and other articles get laundered or drycleaned

THIS IS UTAH'S FAVORITE! as 4.needed.See that gloves are clean and

handbag orderly.

< No ordinary white bread At all times—

can compare with 1. Apply makeup—rouge, lipthis better tasting Potato Bread stick, powder—lightly and evenmade by a new secret recipe. ly. (Avoid using comb, compact,

It's culturized! and mirror in public to make grooming repairs. These should be used

at home and not thought of again unless a dressing room is handy.

2. Keep shoulders brushed free

of dandruff, hairs, and dust.

3. Keep stockings in good repair

and seams straight.

4. Carry a clean handkerchief.

5. Use very little perfume.

6. Stand tall and walk gracefully.

Such a schedule, of course, may not be allinclusive. It does not

include exercise routines, dental

Another GOOD Bread care, and other items which help

From the New - Quarter - Million Dollar to effect good grooming. But these

Baking Ovens of things may be worked into any

Utah's HomeOwned, Independent schedule to suit the convenience of the individual. Remember, good

Fisher Baking Company gooming is a habit!

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fleu, flate5 in SEASONING

Green Beans with Herb Sauce

3 cups fresh green beans, cooked 34 cup butter 34 cup minced onion 34 cup minced celery salt% teaspoon 34 cup minced parsley 34 teaspoon dried basil 34 teaspoon dried rosemary Heat the butter or oil. Add onion,

garlic, and celery. Saute 5 minutes.

Add other ingredients, cover, and simmer 10 minutes. Combine with cooked

beans and mix well.

Baked Tuna and Rice Loaf \]/2% cupscup gratedcookedtunabrown rice 1 cup grated cheese 34 cup minced parsley 2 tablespoons minced onion 1 cup milk 2 eggs, slightly beaten - Salt to taste (3/2 teaspoon pure monosodium glutamate as a flavor heightener, if The Richest Baby in the World available) Mix ingredients together and bake OURS can be the richest And one thing more. Your baby

in greased casserole one hour at 350. baby in the world. By needs an adequate amount of vitaServes 4 or 5. everyYinch of growth your baby min D, the sunshine vitamin, commakes, by the promise of a sound, bined with the minerals of whole

Spiced Tomato Bouillon straight, strong body and vigorous milk, to help him build straight, teeth, and sound strong bones and riches lifetime these are health—juice 4 cups tomato the growth. of Sego best to make / price. beyond 1 small sliced onion, in pure contains vitamin Milk D at the does wealth not lie This 2 cloves whole

full the crystalline in form, amount

It It begins 1 rainbow. now. a end of salt teaspoon (if tomato juice is

unsalted) grows, day by day, when your baby doctors say his milk should contain.

doctor recommends When your sugar]/2 teaspoon the things the has he needs—chiefly,

for your evaporated milk baby, be salt teaspoon garlic34 milk. best possible Milk that is safe,

1 bouillon cube easy to digest, and rich in all the sure you get Sego Milk, fortified

.34 lemon, thinly sliced food substances that make milk the with pure crystalline vitamin D3

Simmer all ingredients together for most nearly perfect food. This seal certifies that all statehere Milk Sego about ments made

theten minutes milk. lemon. is that Strain except kind Milk Sego the as accepted true of have by been J|f

'TornrS'- Nutrition Council Foods and on fine digest. sieve. to forthrough babies easy slices. Always lemon Add Association. of the Medical American

serving, (It just beforeReheat is suguniformly drop rich—every certifies seal that WisThis the thatgested bouillon or cubes Vejex substances the food of whole Research FoundaAlumni Always—in

detertests periodic IvmMMhl[MnjnukJ cpnsmrion to makes at soldSavita, usually health stores, be safe, as in its milk. sealed Always diluted that Milk mine Segoused with

if as where possible as they are rich in container, there were no germ 400an equalunits amountof vitaminof Dwaterper quart.always gives youB vitamins.) in the world. of disease

.. Hamburgers Royal I

that makes book This handy to Mothers! Free

1 lb."hamburger meat baby. train your it to easier care and for

lb. sausage meat34 the care questions about important most the of Dozens

1 teaspoon poultry seasoning and training of your baby are answered in this 64page

Salt illustrated book. Approved by a wellknown doctor.

Chopped onion, if desired Praised enthusiastically by mothers all over the west.

Juice of 1 lemon SendAddressforSegoyourMilkfreeCo.,copyDept.of thisE-5, SalthelpfulLakebookCity, today.Utah.

2 tablespoons fat SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO.

Mix seasonings thoroughly into Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West [Concluded on following page) Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

OCTOBER 1950 321

NEW NOTES IN SEASONING

Your grocer says - (Concluded from preceding page) butter and sugar together, beating unchopped meat; then add lemon juice. til light. Beat in eggs, then fruit juice,

Store in refrigerator 4 to 8 hours. nuts, and fruit. Stir in the flour mixfever Cftw Shape into patties and brown in the ture. Turn into greased loaf pan lined

fat. Add 2 tablespoons water and on the bottom with waxed paper and

Cora Chips are simmer slowly about half an hour, bake at 300 F. for about \y2 to 2

guaranteed the 6es? turning the patties several times. hours,from pan,or untiltake offdone.waxedThenpaper,removeand

in tightly Store cake rack. on [you ever tasted -or Potato Pancakes cool

container. about covered Makes 234

your money hackj) 2 large potatoes (scrubbed clean and pounds of cake.

grated 1 medium onion, grated Anise Ice Box Cookies 2 tablespoons flour salt teaspoon 34 teaspoon Y% nutmeg y21 cupcup buttersugar or margarine

Yi teaspoon parsley flakes 1 egg 2 eggs, separated l}/? cups sifted wholewheat flour

>% salt teaspoon J4 in together onion and V Mix potatoes teaspoons baking powder \]/2 \ seasonthe flour and a bowl, then add anise seed crushed 1 teaspoon ings. Stir in the slightly beaten egg

J yolks. Fold in stiffly beaten whites. Cream butter or margarine until

Melt a little butter or margarine in fluffy; add sugar gradually, beating

frying pan, and when hot add two well. Add egg and beat well. Sift

, **A v*u tablespoons batter for each cake. Cook dry ingredients together and add

on medium hot fire, browning the cakes gradually to first mixture. Add anise

y on both sides. and beat until smooth. Divide the

dough into three or four parts and

COM CMf>J( Poppy Seed Fruit Cake 'shape each into a roll about 2 inches in diameter. Roll in wax paper. Chill.

\ x/2 cups sifted wholegrain flour Then cut in thin slices and bake in

Compare Ctover Club's new, x/2 teaspoon baking powder hot oven (400 F. ) about 10 minutes.

improved com chips with any 34 teaspoon salt Makes 40 to 50 cookies.

flavor, freshbrand. Compare teaspoon cinnamon %

don't Then ness, texture. if you each teaspoon y2 of allspice, cloves, Caraway Coaxers best the that they're 100% agree and nutmeg

you've ever tasted—bar none—]/2 CUP shortening 2 eggs

return the package to your gro- 1 cup brown sugar 1 cup brown sugar cer for your money back. 3 eggs, beaten 1 cup thick cream

34 cup fruit juice 3 cups flour 1 cup blanched almonds, chopped y2 cup wheat germ 1 cup seeded raisins 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup seedless raisins 134 teaspoons caraway seeds candied cup each of chopped y2 Beat eggs lightly, then add sugar citron, pineapple, and cherries 34 cup each of chopped candied and cream. Mix together thoroughly:

orange peel and candied lemon Sift the dry ingredients together and peel add to first mixture. Chill the dough;

3/ cup poppy seeds roll it on floured board, and cut into cookie shapes. Bake on greased cookie

Mix flour, baking powder, salt, and sheet in moderate oven (350 F. ) for

spices, and sift three times. Cream the 10 or 12 minutes.

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be sweeten tart fruits if a pinch of salt is one dollar upon publication. In the event added to the kettle of fruit and the fruit

idea that are submitted, with the same two will earlier receive the allowed to cook for fifteen minutes, or postmarked the one dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, longer if desired, before the sugar is

but each will receive careful consideration. added. This is a real help if you are

cooking or canning quite a lot of fruit.

Get Some Today - You can skin pears quickly and effec-—G. M., Luther, Michigan.

to a varnished CLOVER CLUB tively,water, ifthenyoudropwill dipthemthemin coldin verywater.hot Paper that has stuck

can weather table top be rein damp will save paring and peeling. H. CORN CHIPS This the marring surface without by moved Illinois. M., Chicago, rubbing table with olive oil.—C. M..

It takes one fourth less sugar to Bellevue, Michigan.

822 THE IMPROVEMfNT ERA Volurnes 30SET ILLUSTRATED IS THE

Deluxe Levantcrqft Binding, Ililllll REAL COLD TOPS AND GOLD BACK STAMPING '289:50

Prices of other bindings available on request

mm

iff llltl HHf!?*:."*v

n 'M '''-: m mm, mm i?MM m

J.l|.:

til

Wjim&

inHiiilili Iifl 'J*.W

* wut On This Foundation Of Knowledge

Television Cfeto * bound, handsomely Americana, Encyclopedia history, its The Ideals of Its busisource for home and provides an indispensable Hg good citizenprogress, new ness reference. Its 24,000,000 words—280,000 separate

ship are built developments index entries—more than 65,000 subjects bring to

of broadcast methods of and understanding an upon information to be found only in the essential the you will revolutionize which relations, government, human of volumes. thousands

law, commerce, industry, ecofields of newscasting and Your children in grammar school, high school and nomics, religion. entertainment. college will be saved countless hours of exhaustive,

painstaking research.

Mothers will find it of tremendous assistance in home building, making use of its help in child psychology, child care, interior decoration, homeclub activities. social and for numerous and Education Sports making—of their phases it important find in many Fathers origin The edu Modern... their affairs.. fraternal civic. their and businesses

history, and cational pro sports. in hobbies and interests

rules, playing spe cedures is Americana Encyclopedia of covers the Within with dimenfor factual fields and courts, rifkally classified ad-'man's of life—panorama crowded the gathered

supplediagrams sioned Education; easy reference. science and literature, art, industry, in ventures

illustrations. engineermented with technical, military, is world. It history of the inspiring the medicine—

ing, labor, adult, kindergarten clear, concise, accurate... written in an easyto-

and mental tests. understand manner, and its Index makes every

factual reference instantly available to you.

tf'l'lavishly illustrated 48 poge PREVIEW of Encyclopedia Americana now on the press J8800m:

Use this coupon. Reserve your copy todoy

ENCYCLOPEDIA AMERICANA,EO 2 W. 45th Street, New York 19, N. Y.

Gentlemen: Please accept without cost or obligation this reservation for my 48 page Preview of Encyclopedia Americana

Name——Mmericana Address.

City State,

OCTOBER 1950 LEHI IN THE DESERT (Continued [com page 806) things right.*"Eightyodd years of

the common language of his time. zealous searching by the Palestine

A sociologist showed that only three Exploration Fund have brought to out of 1 77 florists'assistants in four light little or nothing proving the major cities believed the stone was Exodus; to this day "of the story

genuine. A clergyman wrote a of... Saul, David, Solomon, or

book to show that it was not the even of their existence, there is no young man but someone else who trace whatever outside of Paleshad found the stone. tine."Yet this shortage of eviFinally an indigent jeweler named dence by no means cffsproves the

Snite pointed out that since the Bible. We should not have been

stone was still available for exdisappointed or surprised to find amination the answer to the quesall the records completely silent tion of whether it was a diamond on matters relevant to the Book of or not had absolutely nothing Mormon; yet they have been far

to do with who found it, or whether from that. If a man makes a misthe finder was honest or sane, or take in solving a very complex

who believed him, or whether he mathematical problem, that proves would know a diamond from a nothing as to his ability as a mathebrick, or whether diamonds had matecian, for the greatest make ever been found in fields, or slips. But if he shows a correct

whether people had ever been solution for the problem, it is fooled by quartz or glass, but was impossible to explain away his sucto be answered simply and solely cess as an accident, and we must by putting the stone to certain wellrecognize him, whoever he is, as a known tests for diamonds. Experts bona fide mathematician. So it is

on diamonds were called in. Some with the author of I Nephi: If we

Bound Volumes of of them declared it genuine. The could find mistakes in his work, we

it could readily explain and forgive the ERA make valuothers made nervous jokes about and declared that they could not them, but when he keeps coming up able reference books. very well jeopardize their dignity with the right answer time after

and reputations by appearing to time, we can only accept his own

Preserve each issue for pertake thing the too seriously. To explanation does it. of how he binding. manent hide the impression bad thus made, aspect One significant

someone came out with the theory story of Lehi in the Desertof mustthe

A fine addition to any that the stone was really a synthetic not be overlooked. It is wholly,

library, both for value diamond, very skilfully made, but a from beginning to end, a history of just fake the same. The objection

is the in it not Old World. There

is this of contents and apto that the production of a so of the as a hint red much noble pearance. good synthetic diamond 120 years man. Nothing in it ever betrays the

ago would have been an even more slightest suspicion that the drama is remarkable feat than the finding of going to end in the New World. Economical a real one.

Lehi's people thought they had $2.50 per volume The moral of this story is that found their promised land in Bountithe testimony brought out by the ful by the sea and were horribly

F.O.B. Salt Lake City prosecution, however learned, has upset when Nephi, who himself had

(Postpaid, add 30c) been to date entirely irrelevant and thought the project impossible immaterial. It is hardly necessary (I Nephi 17:8-9), undertook by

special instruction to build a ship. 1949 Index is now tent,to observesince itthatis highlyit is argumentativealso incompe romance, what oriental From

ready so send your and based entirely on conclusions then, was the book of I Nephi

it stolen? atwith any Compare

letter to ERAS for binding to ofmorethe alreadywitnesses,madewhouphavetheirfurtherminds, tempts seize the the and on other grounds, that the accused spirit of the glamorous East, from

DESERET NEWS PRESS is Anotherguilty. thing, the prosecution Voltairethe soberestto Grillparzer,oriental historiesnay, withof

must prove their case to the hilt: H the time, and it will immediately beis not enough to show, even if they come apparent how unreal* extravacould, that there are mistakes in the gant, overdone, and stereotyped

40 Richards St. Book of Mormon, for all humans they all are, and how scrupulously

Salt Lake City make mistakes; what they must Nephi has avoided all the pitfalls

explain is how the "author"of that into which even the best scholars book happened to get so many (Continued on page 826) 824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA',j'\ 188."itvmm:m&m0mm.til m. 'i i

.;- 'iM5tlP l'**ffi.,.,, - '- -*.*.:.*,.'(.:*JS;:"iaJn

Mjdfi <J&P*M*

,s worsViip t,ev,gion *, beeau* bticU for aspe'A"d I A ptce un*-"8'peonen! -Js so * purpose S

Us sUeny a,t.*

yearsrs aeaa. *rtatcWct lCVc eaders.

MM

Lehi in the Desert {Continued from page 824) 4>* T* were sure to fall. There is no

point at all to the question: Who

wrote the Book of Mormon? It

would have been quite as impossible for the most learned man alive in 1830 to have written the book as it TABLEQUEEN was for the unschooled Joseph

Smith. And whoever would ac- \ count for the Book of Mormon by

any theory suggested so far—save one—must completely rule out the

first forty pages.

BIBLIOGRAPHY

Conder's in Arabia, The Traveller Modern series (London, 9: ".. 1825), p. Hf; p.. small

. mountainous oases to a form continued Here's of extra a loaf value—line the from southeast.. ofseemPalestine to Omaun."

"Mldem, p. 348f in every a bread premium Stewart Perowne, I "Note on Kings, Ch. X,

1-13,"1939, 200 p. PEFQ

skillful to thanks bakway, principle is This well illustrated in Cheesman's criticism of Palgrave. the Though latter's descriparid ing of the highest use tions of Hufuf full are so of "sheer inaccuracy"and

"blazing indiscretion"as to appear almost pure only. quality ingredients fabrications, and though "Palgrave's is of map Hufuf

full so of inaccuracies I that not have been able orient ''"time, take Table Next f. Cheesman Queen nonetheless concludes e7en that picture."The Palgrave painted of its Hufuf,

its gardens, archways, its and industries its and peoat delicious bread—for

. ple could only.. have been composed an by

eyewitness."matter No how imperfect the details, best.

the general picture presents objects that not would have been if mentioned they not had seen. been

(In Unknown Arabia, 6771.) is pp. "It too only

easy,"writes the author, same careful "however one be, to fall into may little inaccuracies in an endeavor to put color into one's description own of coun- a try, it is and still, easier I as to found, come -T&&Z&g behind and point out the shortcomings of a predecessor."(Id., p. 70.) This is a powerful argument

indeed for the sober and detailed account of Nephi.

whose mistakes of detail could we pardon if we could discover them. principle same The to applies

the study of documents. How do we know, for example, that the text of Manetho, ancient an Egyptian,

is actually in preserved the late writing Greek has come down to us. Because, says Ed. Meyerthat

{G.d.A. 1.2.24), it is just the sort of text that

one would expect to find on an Egyptian papyrus.

Details are secondary.

"Scientific study of the historical topography of the Holy Land"really began with the first journey of Ed. Robinson in 1838 (Bull. Am. Sch. Or.

Res. 74, p. 2). Yet forty years later a leading authority on Palestine writes, "Few countries are

more traveled in than Palestine; and in few are

IMPROVED FLAVOR the.. manners."(ClearmontGanneauand customs of inthe PEFQpeople 1875,less known.202f.

is later ten years was, scarcely anything "There ENRICHED Thedefiniteofficial statement of the Palest. Expl. Fund, the of about desert known the Wandering."

WITH VITAMINS 73.)(PalmerThein BibleSurv. itself,Wstn.insteadPalest.of Spec.clearingPapers.,up prob-p.

lems, is the main cause for the "great discrepancies"in the reports of observers, according to

Palmer. (Desert of the Exodus I, 2.) The classic

example of this is Dr. H. Clay Trumbull's Kadesh

Barnea, recommended by high authorities in 1884 as the standard work on the south desert and "accepted by biblical geographers as the authority on the district,"right down to our own times, when Woolley and Lawrence finally showed it to be utterly "fantastic"and worse than worthless.

p. Zin. 19f; Wilderness p. of The (PEFQ

area, to Clarke's same work on the f.) As1914,

after in (the year in 1883 the &ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ2. 71published PEFQt

Trumbull's farce), it was so absurd that the same critics content themselves with remarking: "We will

not print comments on this."( Wilderness of Zin,

p. 73, n. },) In 1935 Col. Newcombe wrote. "I had

several books on the subject of the Wanderings, but nearly all were written by idealistic but very inexperienced visitors; most of these books had

entirely missed the truth from lack of knowledge of the country or understanding of the Beduin mind.

Each seemed to exaggerate grossly his own little theory at the expense of anyone else's."(PEFQ

1935, p. 110-1.) Yet even if the Bible were a

foolproof guide, the story of Lehi goes far beyond it. The fact "that the Pharoahs were masters of

the country in the time of Joshua and the early

Judges... would not have been suspected by the

readers of the Biblical narrative alone, but is one of the assured results of archaeology."(Caiger,

Bible and Spade, p. 69f.) Just so the Book of First

Nephi is full of things that "would not have been (Continued on page 828) 826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Correction:

Articles of Faith $1.50 Opportunity of a lifeMISSIONARY EDITION $1.25 Book of Mormon

Pearl of Great Price $.85

time WILL PASS AWAY!

THE WISE MAN ACTS NOW!

The Documentary History of the Church

Period 1. Joseph Smith's day to day record of the revolutionary developments associated with the Restoration of the Gospel, published in Volumes 1*,

2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 and

(Period 2. The Apostolic Interregnum, Vol. 7)

has been published for a second time in a generation. The first printing has

been unavailable for years. The second (revised) printing, now available, (Vol.

2, 3, 4, 5, 6) while it is the official text for Melchizedek Priesthood classes, is priced to sell at the very special low price of $1.75 a volume.

Since materials, manufacturing and binding costs are unsettled and are, therefore, subject to change without notice, Now Is The Time To Buy These

Valuable Books.

Buy them all now: Vol. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 at $1.75 a volume.

Such valuable, important, timely, authentic books, such big books, offered at such prices never before; perhaps never again. Opportunity Says: Buy Them

Now!

*Already out of print.

T BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

P. 0. Box 958

Salt Lake City 10, Utah Please send me DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH as follows:

- Volume 2 @ $1.75 Volume 5 @ $1.75

Reserve copies of Volume 1, for me, if and when reprinted. Price undetermined, subject to costs at

time of publication.

Name: Address.;

All prices are subject to change without notice.

OCTOBER 1950 827 IcM in the Desert

{Continued from page 826) suspected by readers of the Biblical narrative alone,"and yet are now among "the assured results of archaeology."The complete and general disagreement of the experts to as what happened when Nebuchadnezzar invaded is Palestine nicely illusrof - Albri9tt in ]nl. Bibl. Lit. 51 (1932), c oo, rBate:o,n b,?97i.

a34See preceding note. feels Doughty it that is necessary to correct persistent misconceptions of "Orientalism"in the western mind: the "tales of an

European Orientalism"are entirely romantic and misleading (ra&ia I, Deserta in 96); Arabia there

''",'* nothing) "<r of 'Orientalism.'I, (Id. J?,, 631.) fantastic That Orientalism"(he in writes

his index) is "which it as were the of odour a lady's casket, is not Arabian but foreign."in Travel

the is East by no means a sure corrective to these warped views, and might even the have opposite effect, to according Ed. (Gesc/i. Meyer d. Alt.

in 1.2.10), for the East in in modern as ancient

times, unscrupulous guides and other things many conspire to in""take the western exand ploit excite his and gullibility. presentday travelerA

traveler would have a harder time than ever to duplicate the conditions of Lehi's day, for in large parts of the East "the old Bedu tradition has been shattered stein in PEFQbut nothing1939, hasp. taken69.) itsIn place."1865 the(E.PalesEp-

tine Exploration Fund was founded to dispel the clouds of ignorance and misinformation that still enveloped the Holy Land. (PEFQ 1910, p. 192.)

Most of the area covered in I Nephi has never been studied, and of the south desert, a main objective of the Palestine Exploration Fund for many 1938, in still write "Our just "Somehow I don't mind waiting up years,study ofa specialistthis interestingcould district only behas

Exploration (G. E. Kirk, "Archaeological for Emmy Lou anymore since you've been making these gun."the Southern Desert,"214.) "Todayin (PEFQ 1938, p.

StarKist Tuna Sandwiches"Arabia is still almost absolutely closed to the investigations of science,"wrote Pere M. J. Lagrange,

In a delicious sandwich, reason, as you will discovEtudeslique X,sur 39.Ies ReligionsIn the 1920'sSemetiques,"Cheesman,RevuepreparaBib-

to all in tory traveling central "searched Arabia, smaller er: tuna for tasty or a The a sources firsthand for avail."without information are StarKist

the to bettertasting. Arabia, naturally according In 1921, p. 15.) (Unknown refreshing salad—anywaycasserole,

of coast the of authority, same "Nothing known was smaller tuna these StarKist serve Only you though it it—it's 31), that (p. bay,"Oquair, a beyond was Tuna.

of parts is this of the approachable one most Starthe are under packed tasty, tender, for tuna

Rub'a the write: could Arabia. Burton Even "Of

it today! brand. there's Kist Try time! a every And relators, I alKhali heard enough, from credible have

to conclude that its horrid depths swarm with a large and halfstarving population,"(P'lgto AlMadinah, etc. I, 3); Philb and Thomas have shown

in our own day that its horrid depths do nothing of the sort, nor ever have. If intelligent people

have let their imaginations run wild, it has been missing of because supplying there other was no way UNUSUAL BOOK NEW AN patriarchs life information: the of nomad "The By MILTON STUART FERGUSON R. HUNTER and THOMAS of of Israel the add, might and wanderers (and, we

) contrast in greatest the Lehi desert present the filled with Evidences Completely from our Baldensperger European customs,"says Archaeology and 16th Century and Spanish Documents with Mexican cannot wonder 1901, p. 185), (PEFQ we "and

the sustaining that in so Colenso many the of Genesis found book with statements to incompatible which seemed him the lies in DIVINE AUTHENTICITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON his proof of own ideas."Genesis The

very fact that those statements are incompatible 1. Beautifully illustrated. nisheswith westernan interestingideas. pictureConder'sof howArabia,the bestp. 7,authorfur-

of the the timeat Book Arabia 2. Contains over 50 maps, charts, and peninsula, written: whole was "The Mormonities regarded

pictures. immense an says, be as considered Neibuhr may

3. Contains more than 400 pages. pilesandyof ground,"mountains, almostencircledthe withexacta beltoppositeof flat,of arid,the

picture. aptrue documents and 4. Spanish Mexican

referring Ma'am, is here writer 335The to his No for the in English first time pearing (Bookcraft, and History 1946), That's Not in this book. more basic investigations of Alma Burtonto theof

5. Startling evidences sustaining history Brighamthe readerYoungis referredUniversity.to the definitiveEspecially,handlinghowever,of

and doctrine of Book of Mormon. the court records by Dr. Francis W. Kirkham, A

2nd Christ in Witness America (Enlarged of New

Proofs that Quetzalcoatl traditions reIndependence, Zion's Edition, Publishing Company, ferred to Jesus Christ. Mo., 1947), pp. 370394.

7. An excellent Christmas present. patience336Any mayreaderdiscoverpossessedthe ofanswersboundlessto thesetime andand

8. A "MUST"book for all missionaries hundredsgoing articles.of likeOnsearchingone pointquestionsthe authorin thehas forebeen

and those interested in the Book of taken to task by readers of the Book of Mormon in

Mormon. recent weeks:

At present the claim is being put forth in some

KOLOB BOOK COMPANY quartersif not impossible.that the storyIt isof saidLaban'sthat demiseNephi iscouldabsurd,not

P. O. Box 1575 have killed Laban and made his escape. Those

Oakland, California who are familiar with night patroling in wartime, however, will see in Nephi's tale a convincing and realistic account. In the first place, the higher

critics are apparently not aware that the lighting of city streets, except for festivals, is a blessing unknown to ages other than our own. Hundreds

of passages might be cited from ancient writers, classic and oriental, to show that in times gone by, the streets at night, even of the biggest cities, were very dark and hence very dangerous. To

move about late at night without lamp bearers and armed guards was to risk almost certain assault.

In times of social unrest we know from many sources, (Continued on page 830) 828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Teenagers In the know—

The amusing, sharp patter of today's teenagers is echoed in "Hi

Tales/'Elaine Cannons popular column featuring fun and facts for young folk. Her interest in their enthusiasms is warm, genuine, understanding.

Her approach to their problems sympathetic yet

realistic.

Small wonder, then, that teenagers "in the fwng u know"follow "Hi Tales"daily and Sunday in the

Deseret News. It's exclusively their corner—an important

corner—and one more reason that the Deseret News

comes First with Families in the Mountain West. Are

OCTOBER 1950 829 Lehi in the Desert <M {Continued from page 828) Acwtf> that streets at night were virtually given over to the underworld, as they were in some European f cities during the blackouts of the late war. The

extreme narrowness of the ancient streets made their blackout doubly effective. From the ancient

comedy we learn how heavily barred and closely guarded the doors of private houses had to be at night, and archaeology has shown us Eastern cities 1000 YOUNG FARMERS FROM openedin whichontoapparentlythe publicnot street.a singleEasthouseand windowWest,

4 STATES COMPETE FOR PUREtheif ininmatesa besiegedsimply fortress.shut themselvesEven inin Shakespeare'sat night as

night terror of the watch comical the see day we all at passing through streets the hours when '#'BRED CALF AND SHEEP AWARDS

In a the are doors. word, honest people behind

streets of any ancient city at night ( the classic

setting for the committing of deeds of viofear of detection. 9200 STUDENTS LISTEN TO perfecttriallence ofwithoutAlcibiades proves this strikingly) were a

THE UTAH SYMPHONY (I It Ne.was 4:5very22);late thewhenstreetsNephi werecame desertedupon Labanand

dark. Let the reader imagine what he would do

if headquarters on patrol near he were an enemy 1500 BOYS PLAY BASEBALL during unconscious stumbled a blackout on the and form of some notoriously bloodthirsty enemy

it is or never. to a formal claim trial, and now

armor, so the wearing only chance 4000 BOYS AND GIRLS noLabangeneral. By the brutal code of war the enemy has was

LEARN TO SWIM dispatchingto cut off his of him head'—quickly,the painlessly,conventionalandtreatmentsafely wasof

criminals in the East, where beheading has always

Vital statistics? Perhaps...yet more than that. The beenwould bybe thefined sword,for failingand towheredecapitatean executionerhis vicyouth of any community must be that community's leaders timheavyat weaponone cleanand stroke.stood overNephiLabandrewa thelong sharp,time,

tomorrow. That's why The Salt Lake Tribune sponsors such debating his course. (I Ne. 4:9-18.) He was a

powerful man and an expert hunter: With due

youth activities as listed above and takes such an active care such a one would do a neat job and avoid interest in youth. gettinghe worrymuchaboutbloodthat.on himself.There wasButno whychanceshouldof

And that's another reason why it's known as... onemeetingwouldanynoticehonestthe citizen,blood anyway.and in theWhatdark theyno

like on. incidentally, armor, Nephi put The "One of America's Great Newspapers"thatwould notice, even in the dark, would be the armor

easily could the sword, be wiped clean. The

donning of the armor was the shrewd and natural thing for Nephi to do. A number of instances from

that to in last could cited be war show a spy THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE the is is safe the so as camp enemy he never when wearing the insignia of a high military official:

No one dares challenge such people (who are often touchy); their business is at all times "top

secret,"and their uniform gives them complete freedom to come and go unquestioned.

Nephi tells us that he was- "led by the spirit."

He was not taking impossible chances, but being in a tight place he followed the surest formula of those who have carried off ticklish assignments.

He was clear of the town before anything was discovered. In his whole exploit there is nothing the

least improbable.

(The End)

Three Appointed to Y.M.MIA.

General Board

[Concluded from page 766) the mission in Czechoslovakia. Besides his twelve years in the mission

field, he has served four years as a member of the Parleys Ward bishopric in Salt Lake City and been active in ward Mutual work.

He and Mrs. Toronto are the

parents of six children—three sons

and three daughters.

Elder Toronto has been assigned to the M Men Committee of the HOTEL UTAH

Max Carpenter, Manager general board.

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s

..iff:/ Building L D.S. youth...

with reverence and recreation A balanced blend of religious education, worship and spiritualized recreation keynotes the whole youth pro- *"*"***mn gram of the L.D.S. Church... and guides the selection

of designs and materials used in new L.D.S. ward and

stake houses. For example, walls of many amusement

halls are built with Buehnercrete blocks, which absorb Above:Ward Rosslynand HeightsStake

the sound of young voices having fun with basketball, inAmusementsoutheast SaltHallLake, dancing, dramatics and other activities. designed by Cannon

A new, smoothsurface masonry unit, Honetex, was McKeanand Mullen,Constructionbuilt by especially developed by Buehners to safeguard young Company.masonry andConcretecast

basketball players against cuts and scratches and to stone by the Buehner provide an attractive contrast trim as shown on the Companies.Right: The brilliant, enwainscot in picture above. Best of all, these Honetex duringnercretebeautycast stoneof Buehen-

units cost only a fraction as much as other types of glazed hances steeples, ensurface materials. They are now widely used in both trances,details andornamentalfacings on

church and school buildings. churchesscores of newandL. otherD. S.

Look to the Buehner Companies for the newest and buildings, including the best in masonry units, cast stone, and other specialized Building.new B. Y. U. Science

concrete products.

Concrete Masonry Units A rchitectural Cast Stone BUEHNERCRETE

BUEHNER BLOCK COMPANY OTTO BUEHNER & COMPANY 2800 So. W. Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 640 Wilmington Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah

OCTOBER 1950 831 The Korean War HELPING TO BUILD FOR THE FUTURE can soldiers(Concludedkilled;fromsomepage3,000770)casualties included wounded and missing.

has always been our main function On August 1, Soviet Russia returned to the Security Council from

WE APPRECIATE which she had absented herself since the first of the year. Jacob Malik, the

the opportunity of furnishing much of the reinforcing, Soviet representative, appeared to take of at presidency his of turn advantage structural and miscellaneous steel for two of the finest of August. for the month the Council

structures of their kind in the nation: Meantime, Ed Murrow reported from

Korea that the Red radio there urged

Korean unity and resistance to the 0->riaham own% lAnhver$itu1 J across"Americanthe imperialistseas,"andaggressorsMr. Malik'sfrom

presidency revealed efforts to paint

PHYSICAL SCIENCE BUILDING America,position asoncemoralproudarbiteroccupantof the ofworldthe of and—generations ago, as the betrayer

the aspirations of the hungry masses

FIELD HOUSE of Asia. Red Korean troops successively pushed American troops farther

and farther down the peninsula to the port of Pusan.

representative as core the U.S., The CO. MACHINE FOUNDRY PROVO & action, thus military police of UN

OFFICE SALES PLANT OFFICESENGINEERING GENERAL AND ENGINEERING responsible in awful, the itself finds 400 East Ninth South 302 Dooly Building seat of western world power. We

Provo, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah may remind ourselves that might when

THOMAS F. PIERPONT, PRESIDENT utilized must be used in a moral cause,

THOMAS G. PIERPONT, VICE PRESIDENT with righteous intent, and with the

capacity to mobilize the moral and spiritual forces of the world.

There is no doubt that American material, industrial strength can in time crush the North Koreans. The

real issues are in the realm of morals, CONGRA TULA TIONS of spiritual and political purposes and to values.

Bngham Young University crushed,When whatthe then?North HowKoreansmay arewe

demonstrate to the masses of Asia,

We are proud to have furnished the metal and to mankind, including the Russian windows and hollow metal door frames for your masses, that 168 American boys died fine new Science Building. June 25August 1950 for justice and

freedom; not as the tools of a designASSOCIATED SPECIALTIES CO. ingand "imperialism"press is telling asthem?the RedThis radiois a

Abe Bernstein, Owner task for these times.

211 Greyhound Terminal Building Salt Lake City, Utah

SEE US FOR YOUR BUILDING MATERIAL REQUIREMENTS

THE OTHER BREAD By Doris Dalby White

vitamins feed children our THE WE with guard And weight proper and height and GUIDE BOOK Their BOOK OF MORMON jealous care growth, BY VERLA BIRRELL hair. fair skin, bright teeth, White

Helps You to Teach, to Preach, and to Study I sometimes think of other youth—Prove this yourself—Who walked by dusty wagon wheels.

Choose your subject, then turn to this A wild,strong.fierce wind made their backs

amazingly convenient "filing system"of the A burning sun scorched faith into their souls. verses. BOOK OF MORMON

to looked up God, and lo, Their eyes friend—to a a copy—Send of the the heartbreak see beyond Could

collection to—your a copy Add—hour!

$5.00 I 'try to put away the thought

DESERET BOOK CO. Z.C.M.I. BOOKCRAFT That haunts me most with dread

and other leading bookstores What if in our children's bodies beautiful,

Their spirits weep for bread?

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Exploring the Universe Individual (Concluded from page 761 planted a few inches deep would not Preparednesspush up to the surface through a foot of soil. is important, too!

Tn the month of August 1841, at Cherrapunji, India, over twenty feet of rain deluged the land, of which twelve What about your future in *51? Now's the time to preand onehalf feet fell within a period pare yourself for more responsibility next year—in

of five days. privateFor upto-theminuteindustry ortraininggovernmentin secretarial,employment.stenographic, business management, accounting, and office work, inquire today at L.D.S. Business

HThomisid, the South American spider, College.

sometimes uses the carcass of an An excellent staff teaches both day and evening classes.

ant as a decoy in capturing ants. The We're interested in your future; we welcome

spider seems to hold the ant body over your inquiries. Write today for free booklet...

its head to attract the attention of a

it.living ant attacking while

flight is (MIKE bird longest migration'HPhe made by the arctic tern. It breeds 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

in the polar regions of the northernhemisphere as far north as 82 latiUNIB tude and in winter ranges from the tropical Atlantic to Antarctic as oceans GREAT BUILDINGS as 66 latitude.far south of A distance

about ten thousand miles separates the like great institutions extremes of its breeding and wintering require the best work and talents of many men areas. The antarctic tern, a closely to make them what they are.

species,related that breeds primarily WE ARE PROUD in the Antarcticon the islands Ocean, is comparatively nonmigratory. for the part we are privileged to play in the construction of

two such great structures as Come plants concentrate minerals or THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY'S elements from the soil to give a SCIENCE BUILDING much greater concentration in the plant and is soil.than the to be found in A FIELD HOUSEunique of the accumulation metallic

element germanium has been found in may they turn out great men for the future.

the lignite remains of fossil cypress in the District of Columbia. Ash of

the lignite contains up to six percent THE CO. P. L LARSEN germanium. 335 PROVO, WEST CENTER UTAH

Mechanical, Plumbing and Heating Contractors

T aboratory observations have found that several cases of athlete's foot have responded dramatically to a cream containing two percent pyribenzamine. Further laboratory tests

found that diphenyl-pyraline also <y possesses properties which inhibit MINER MIKE pathogenic fungus species, and that the antihistamines have greater value than merely relieving the allergy condi- "Take home pay is my check I receive at the tions which these organisms cause, pay office every two weeks. Actually though,

another 25% is deducted after I get it home 14 of for about is spent money my 'T'he best preserved Roman siphon is because just hidden I eat, taxes on everything about the Pont siphon de Garon which wear and buy. Hidden taxes take a big

served Lyon, (modern Lugdunum I v out of chunk check. everyone's pay

built 50. ), Claudius in A. France by D.

this all of Wonder where vV money \ miles of length thirtytwo about The LVS goes/'|\ bridges, includes tunnels, eleven three and three siphons. One siphon crosses

a ravine 215 feet high on arches fifty feet high. The pressure of the water

in the pipe as it crosses the arches is about sixtytwo to pounds each UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION square inch.

OCTOBER 1950 833 letuzedek

SERVICEMEN'S August 7, 1950 Presidents of Stakes and COMMITTEE ALERTED Presidents of Missions

Dear Brethren: t Stake and mission presidents have

been asked by the general As you are aware, we are again in a critical period for young L.D.S. servicemen's committee

men and young women of the Church now serving or soon to to check and revivify their programs be called into the armed forces. for keeping in constant touch with

We are extremely anxious that Church leaders and members young men and women now in or discharge their responsibility to help these young people meet soon to enter the armed services.

the situations which now face them. Elder Harold B. Lee, of the

Council of the Twelve and chairman

Policies and procedures governing the L.D.S. servicemen's of the committee, said:

program are set forth in the attached communications:

in a critical period for are now We 1. Letter from the First Presidency, dated March 10, 1947 to all stake and

of the Church. people young presidents. mission

that anxious Church extremely We are 2. Letter the general from L.D.S. servicemen's committee, dated October

their redischarge leaders members and to all stake 28, 1948 mission presidents bishops. and and ward

to sponsibility meet help these young men 3. "Responsibility Chart, of Supervision outlining of Servicemen"duties

situations face them. which now of respective Church officials and units. the

is ideally servicemen's program The

These communications contain a definite program by which suited to meet the situation, if all conthe Church can keep in constant touch with our young people in cerned do their part.

the service, and away at school, and one which will help them Surely, as Elder Lee also noted, keep close to the Church. if all those concerned renew their

Will you study them again and report to us as soon as posactivities, none of our young people sible, as follows: will be led astray.

(a) What is being done in your area to communicate with the young men and women who go into the armed forces?

(b) being after look area to done in your our What is young men and NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO in air serving force, the army, coast navy, women now guard and installations within boundaries? your COLUMN

(c) to done What is being look after Church members employed at armed forces'establishments or other government projects located Conducted by within your boundaries? Dr. Joseph F, Merrill

We will appreciate an early reply. The moral and spiritual

welfare of our young men and women is constantly at stake. DRINKING AND WAR

Also, so we may have a complete list of locations where our people may be serving, please advise the names and locations of irpHE Clipsheet is a fearless and able all army, air force, navy, or coast guard camps or bases now opponent of drink and the liquor located in your area; and as any new camps or bases are estabtraffic wherever they exist, whether in

In or abroad. or war, peace at home lished, submit the same information on them promptly.

its issue is published an 7, 1950 August

Copies of the pamphlet, "So You Are Going Into Military informative short article relative to

Service?"and the cards for interviewing prospective servicemen, drinking in the armed services, which

are being sent you under separate cover. we report in the following:

This time, let's leave John BarleyEver praying the blessings of the Lord upon you in your corn far to the rear.

great responsibility, we are We didn't do it last time.

Faithfully your brethren The policy of cooperation between the armed forces and the brewers in

GENERAL L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S World War II had disastrous results.

COMMITTEE Tongues loosed by beer, wine, and whiskey probably cost us many casHarold B. Lee ualties, and there is reason to believe

Mark E. Petersen that we barely escaped defeat, at least

Bruce R. McConkie on two occasions—defeat which would

Hugh B. Brown have been because of drink.

The great number of alcoholics among veterans, the boys who went to 834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. )

SUPERVISION OF SERVICEMEN

Responsibility of

i General L.D.S.

Servicemen's Committee of High

Committee Stake Presidency Councilmen Quorum Presidents Bishops

learned as it is as soon each current boy a system a comsend to 1—Contact 1—Keep1—Will 1—Set up 1—Appoint the service enter to and file ( 1 that of all he intends quorum or whereby mittee presidents of one promptstake

cards upon which more high counreports will be members in service give him a copy of "So You Are Going Into bishops are to recilmen from stake made to bishops and furnish bishMilitary Service?"and (2) interview him

port to general Melchizedek and and quorum presiops with a copy about:

L.D.S. servicemen's Aaronic Priesthood dents of names and thereof.committee. committees. addresses of serv- a—Maintenance of Church standards

gospel of icemen. at b—Understanding 2—Correspond

for exchange of corleast a once month reand send copy c—Arrangements2—Will 2—Request

servicewith each b re- t a i n from ceiveof monthly of MorBook 2—O

organizations: quorum, from president and man stake commitports from Principlesmon, d—AttendingrespondenceChurch ofGospel, and Directee of high councildeliver to bishops giving him news ( 1 )—Nearby branchestory to each servmen. cards upon which and encouraging (2)—Organized servicemen's groupsiceman. bishops are to him to live a clean e—Instruct boys how to use tracts

enclosing with to general life, report from b t a i n 3—O

letter or each two servicemen's L.D.S. serv- L.D.S. general copsend 2—Keep current a file of all ward boys in3—Will service. tracts, three includcommittee. icemen'sies of the committee pamphlet

ing one on Word to deliver"So and GoYou are furcards councilmen from high the bishof and Wisdom of mitteeing into Military 3—Obtain high com- 3—Encourage servicemen's com- L.D.S. life (tracts to nished by general clean ops to hold intercards forService?"discouncilmen

tribution by the upon which inforviews. be obtained from mittee and in connection with each interview

bishops. mation with respect stake mission presifill out two of them and send to said comat 47 East South Temple, Salt Lake antimittee stake dent and bishservice- to each 4—Encourage Utah. City 1, liquortobacco comsent ops and quorums is to be man4—Will receive chairman.) mittee corto presidents to general thecorrespondence andanswer questions. L.D.S. servicemen's respond each month 4—Correspond at least once a month with

encouragegiving and news serviceman, each quorum committee. with servicemen. 3—With

life tracts (obtain from to live a clean ment each funds send antiliquor- president mission and stake quorum member in stake that ward 5—See

) chairman tobacco committee files the service: quorum and

are currently maintained. a. The Improve- 5—Send (through Aaronic Priesthood quoment Era. rums) The Improvement Era, Church News,

tracts to Aaronic Priesthood and nonand bishthat Church b. Weekly 6—See bearers. priesthood of to genops report News Section

eral L.D.S. serviceDeseret News.

men's committee.

7—See that Eras,

Church Sections, and tracts are sent to servicemen by quorum presidents and bishops.

war from dry homes and returned tin, June 13, 1946, says: "Beer has the rise in the demand for overseas exdrinking, the great increase in drink come into its own, and more people pected as more men were shipped

said: also Connelly abroad."for Mr. beer today since an appetite areas have in dryproblems—particularly of recruits thousands and new were "Hundreds our because althe war, beenwhere they had previously

friends at that, aremost unknown—constitute an unfurnished with plenty of beer."friends, and young

answerable indictment of the policy On October 28, 1945, Edward being acquired by the brewing infollowed in World War II. Kandlik declared in the Chicago Sun; dustry."

This policy was in violation of the "Some veteran brewers assert that The Army, Navy, and Marine

Act of 1901 (United States Code, beer consumption during the war has corps draw most heavily from the

Title 10, Section 1350) which proreceived greater promotional impetus strength of the "middle income"group vides: "The sale or dealing in beer, than it would have received in twenty of the American population. From this

wine, or any intoxicating liquors by normal years. This they attribute to group come most of the cadets and

any persons in any post exchange or the fact that 10,000,000 soldiers in midshipmen at the academies. It is

canteen or any transport or upon any army camps have become accustomed this group which is richest in talent and premises used by the United States to beer and that a large proportion of leadership qualities. To this group

is prohibited."them will continue to be consumers in the substantial working people who are

The howling of the liquor traffic itcivilian life."themselves moving up in the social

self in contemplation of the Second In June 1945, John H. Connelly, organization look for leadership.

World War liquor policy is enough Army Exchange ServiceAdministra- The middleincome group of Amerto arouse the American people. tive Beer Coordinator, said: "Contrary ica is characterized by strong sentiAn advertisement of Charles S. to expectations, the amount of beer ment against 'the use and general

Jacobowitz Company, Buffalo, New needed for the army in this country distribution of alcoholic beverages. The

York, appearing in the Brewers'Bullehas not dropped in accordance with [Continued on page 849)

OCTOBER 1950 835

JT3Zr"I-ijsr1 =ssr i—=-——Ak1

'\i 'it; ''4-LAJfe=s! SsJt'II Ml ill

PARTICIPATE IN NORTH SANPETE (UTAH) STAKE YOUTH CONFERENCE

These sixteen young men and young women served either on committees or gave addresses during an allday youth conference of the North

Sanpete Stake attended by nearly five hundred Aaronic priesthood members and girls of corresponding ages.

Lee A. Palmer, extreme left, represented

the Presiding Bishopric as guest speaker.

Ward Teaching month are the icebreakers and make the visit more to be looked forward it Over Report Meeting Is timidto thanandto bethe feared,backwardespeciallyteacher.by the Think

Preparation Meeting Come young men seem to move more slowly—and, at times,

'"Phere would be far less timidity on Aaronic Priesthood to make no progress whatever—

the part of many ward teachers if in going oer "fool's hill."

the monthly report meeting were held "Makeup"Meetings Allowed Perhaps some of them would and properly conducted each month reach the top and "level off"in each ward. Many teachers may in Award Programs more quickly if more of us would

be found backward because they have be as kind to them as were the not been instructed by their bishopric Cince the introduction of the one leaders who kept us from parkin the report meeting on items recomhundred percent seal, to be afing overtime on the same hill mended to be brought to the attenfixed to the Individual Certificate of in yesteryears.

tion of the Saints in their homes: They Award for a perfect attendance recRemember?

feel too much "on their own."ord, there have been persistent reWard teachers are the agents of quests for permission to "make up"

the bishopric in creating good will priesthood and sacrament meetings meetings of the Church in another and fellowship, in teaching the gospel, which are not attended for one reason ward or branch in an effort to "make in promoting loyalty to the Church or another. It has been pointed out up"the meetings he has missed in his

and all it stands for in the lives of that illness, vacation periods, and other own ward or branch. Makeup meetthe people. Then why not make full unavoidable interruptions mitigate ings are relatively easy in city wards

use of this powerful force by suggestagainst the boy and may prove to be and especially where two wards meet ing to them matters of current neces- a forerunner to indifference where he at different times in the same chapel.

sity which should be discussed with is not allowed to make up the meetAll makeup credits for attendance the people. ings he has missed. at priesthood and sacrament meetings

The bishop and his counselors should The same is true of the basic rego to assist his quorum or group in be wellprepared each month to point quirements for the Individual Certifiearning the standard quorum award as out a few matters which the ward cate of Award: A boy may fail to well as to assist him in earning the

teachers may properly direct to the earn the award where he has not been Individual Certificate of Award.

attention of the Saints. The time permitted to make up a few meetings Credits may be added to the roll

and the place for these suggestions to during the year. at any time during the year when a

be given is in the monthly ward Therefore, after careful consideraboy reports his attendance at meetings.

teachers report meeting. tion, it has been decided that a boy For instance, a boy may miss two

It is not intended that ward teachers may have the privilege of making up priesthood meetings during February be made to feel dependent upon the any and all priesthood and sacrament and make them up in August or any bishopric for suggestions as to all meetings missed for any reason durother time during the year. However,

that may be taught in the homes. But ing the year in his effort to earn the when the boy reports "makeup"

it is intended that bishops and counIndividual Certificate of Award, with meetings, his "makeup"credits should selors shall* make better use of the or without the one hundred percent be credited to the month to which ward teachers report meeting in giving seal. they apply—February in the above

needed assistance to the ward teachers This procedure extends to the boy instance, even though not reported unwho may be more willing and eager to at home almost the same privileges as til August. In no instance is a boy

visit their people if some suggestions are extended to the absentee who may to receive credit for attendance at are made as to what may be approreceive full credit on his quorum roll more meetings than are held in his priately taught or suggested each for attendance at L.D.S. meetings own ward during any one month—he

month. while living away from home. Now cannot be better than one hundred

Suggestions from the bishopric each the boy living at home may attend percent.

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f-pepared buy <=JLee yr. j-alt,met>

Aaronic Priesthood stake will gather its share of the given by stake and ward leaders.

honors. But, more important, your Where stake presidencies and bishopyoung men will be in the collar, pullrics vigorously promote this activity,

The Fall "Roundup"ing their share of the load of activity a liberal measure of success is assured.

for today and them which will build successfully good example of how A last threeHPhree months remain in which to tomorrow. Give the months the functions leaders program when

complete the work for 1950, to of 1950 the best try a similar period support it comes from Big Cotton- "roundup"the stragglers and brand has ever received. Check each boy's wood (Utah) Stake. During 1949,

them with success. What are your record and give him help and encourthe ward teachers of this stake visited

prospects, as of now, to have your agement where he is in need of your an average of ninetyseven percent of ward, your stake, come through with assistance. The best way to get the the families. A. B. Kesler, chairman

its full share of the successes? No job done is to do your share. of the stake committee on ward teachone should be without the answer to ing, when asked what he consideredthis question—surely, not the leader had contributed most to this outstandwho delights in achievement and who Strengthening Ward Teaching ing accomplishment, said:

is upset over failure.

Young men depend upon their Ctake and ward leaders frequently I think the success we have had in ward leaders far more than leaders suspect. ask, "What are some of the teaching is due to the fact that the stake

And they are hurt more, when leaders fundamentals of successful ward persidency has been converted one hundred fail them, than may ever be known teaching?"It is impossible to include percent to the program. I am convinced

until the ashes of their indifference in one short article a discussion of the that no stake will get any further in ward and failures are searched for the stillmany factors that influence success in teaching than the stake presidency wills it. I that too, convinced, any ward am this here are program. Mentioned point evidenceburning which may

in further teaching than will get ward no essentials. primary only the leader, at the or of flamelike a finger

wills it. bishopric the

leaders, who were not there to lead Ward teaching, like substantial In our stake, the stake presidency, high them and to look after them. construction, depends upon a solid council, bishoprics, and all stake and ward

If the best interests of all your foundation for its support. The officers holding the priesthood are doing

Aaronic Priesthood members are adestrength and permanence of this proward teaching. Furthermore, they are

quately provided for, your ward, your gram are derived from the support doing one hundred percent every month.

UNION (OREGON) STAKE YOUTH FETED IN EXCURSION TO CANADIAN TEMPLE /\ne hundred and twentysix Aaronic Priesthood memby a dance where the group were the guests of the Albers and girls of corresponding ages from the Union berta Stake.

Stake will long remember their stake presidency and A royal welcome awaited the group as they pulled up bishoprics who recently made it possible for them to enjoy to the Raymond Second Ward chapel in the Taylor an excursion to the Canadian Temple located in Cardston, (Canada) Stake. They were serenaded by fifty girls

Alberta, Canada. The group was chaperoned by fifteen who, directed by Fannie H. Walker, extended a welcome

adult leaders, including Stake President and Mrs. Milan the Union youngsters will never forget. A stake fireside,

D. Smith; Melvin Westenskow of the stake presidency, attended by 677 persons, highlighted the visit to the

and David Allred, chairman and executive chairman, reTaylor Stake.

spectively, of the stake Aaronic Priesthood committee. Other places visited during the 1500mile trip included

Others directly charged with supervision included Pearl Hungry Horse Dam, Glacier National Park, Waterton Park, and Grand Coulee Dam.

Bruce, Vernice Gwilliam, Mae Wilcox, Keith Nielson, But best of all was the good behavior ofthe group.

and Eveard Harrison. President Westenskow reported on them as follows:

A special baptismal service was conducted in the tem- "WTierever the group went, it was known they were ple at Cardston where 127 persons were baptized a total Latterday Saint youth. Their conduct was such as to

of 763 times for the dead. The eventful day was climaxed leave a very favorable impression of the Church."

r* m m s* III

*. &.\

.*** -,w V Prayer and Inspiration {Continued from page 795) the middle of the night—how he

went to the high priest, Eli, thinking that it was he who had called?

The boy was apparently unable to distinguish between the two possible channels over which the voice might come, and naturally assumed that tblsps. butfer 3

1 cup Morning Milk it was Eli who had called him. Since

(undiluted) Samuel was the only one to hear that voice, Eli, with his greater

Melt butter, add flour and blend until smooth. knowledge of God's power, realized

m Add cold Morning Milk and cook until thickMW that the Lord was calling to the wWkenec''stirring, constantly. Add salt and boy, and advised him to reply

vy$%s other desired seasonings. Pour over "Speak, Lord; for thy servant

|%, any hot cooked vegetable just before heareth."

serving. Oruseitasafounda

tion for cream sou It was perhaps not necessary for

Eli to explain to Samuel, at the time, that he could answer "silently"within himself, and that God would hear his reply by spiritual means. For again using our illustration, it matters not whether Mr.

Dishes are smoother, richer microphoneEgo speaks orthroughsilently histo himself,speech when you use Morning Milk the radio microphone will broadcast... for Morning Milk is homogenized for his words. This also explains the

creamy smoothness, evaporated for double efficacy of both "spoken"and "sirichness. And it tastes so good you use it in lent"prayer, and finds support in

all recipes calling for milk or cream. One try the scriptures which tell us that

tells you why Morning Milk is the choice of God knows of our every thought.

all good cooks. Confirmation of this viewpoint

comes from Elder John A. Widtsoe:

influence issues taught that are an all of and fills presence Specialists in Savings fromWe the God space and all things therein, including the Loans and Home this the Lord means body. By human

alike, people, of loans members ask and nonmembers us, "Just what kind Many place part is and with every in touch institution differ does your make?"from do you a bank?"and dozens "How

It in he dwells. universe which the of questions. similar of

The answers are simple. State Savings and Loan Association specializes in conveys to the Lord not only the spoken

savings accounts and home loans. We do not handle checking accounts and some words, but also the thoughts of humanity.

other bank facilities. We do not make personal loans or loans on automobiles and (The Improvement Era 52:31.)

other merchandise.

We do offer savings plans that enable you to save as much or as little as you Our illustration of the experiences want. We have a savings plan to meet every need, each earning the highest diviof Mr. Ego within his sphere can

paid dend in this area on Federally insured savings. You can save entirely by mail, be expanded yet further. It seems

wish. if you

We do make first mortgage real estate loans to purchase or build homes, or to repossible that he may have yet anmodel homes. The accumulated savings of "State"members have enabled hundreds other and even more wonderful

homes. of families to build or buy

This double protection of sound, first mortgage real estate piece of equipment to help him loans and Federally insured safety, combined with high earnthrough mortal life: this is a teleings, are just a few of the reasons why thousands of vision receiver! It will perhaps be

L.D.S. Church members save millions of dollars every conceded that as individuals we... year at

receive picture impressions other % eyes. 2 1/2 than those which come through our

Current It will be remembered that on the the dividend 5fafe Savfrws first visit of the Angel Moroni, rate and Loan Association \\J boy Joseph Smith was shown the 56 So. Main Salt Lake Hill Cumorah. Joseph's own words

are as follows:

... the vision was opened to my mind

For Your Reading Pleasure werethat I deposited,could see theandplacethat whereso clearlythe platesand distinctly that I knew the place again

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA whenIn Iconnectionvisited it. with this happen12 Issues $2.50 ing, there is an interesting and im838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

portant observation which lends additional weight to the reality of this concept. Joseph beheld Moroni

with his natural eyes. For we are

told that with the appearance of the angel: "... the room was lighter

than at noonday."This is in full

conformity with our beliefs, for

Moroni was a resurrected being having flesh and bone. His appearance must not be confused with

any picture impression, such as the view of the Hill Cumorah, which

Moroni caused Joseph to receive by other means.

It is possible that the use of this wonderful piece of equipment may be involuntary, and that we have little or no control over it. There

also seems to be a lack of specific instances which point to the fact that Mr. Ego might be equipped

with a television transmitter whereby he could send pictures as well as receive them. Most of us

will be able to concede from the storehouse of our own experiences that we do see pictures other than those which come through the eyes.

We may never come to a full understanding of the greatness of

God in this life; in fact, it would

seem that the restrictive powers of the human senses, imposed by creation, point to a studied purpose in

Your church can have this genuinesuch limitation. Certainly, those

faculties with which we have been Moller pipe organ for only $3750*—installed!

endowed, if used and developed to their greatest capacity, are all that The Artiste is M. P. Mbller's answer to the

we need to honorably discharge the musical needs of a church with limited funds.

purposes of this life. Nevertheless, Note some of the Artiste's fine features:

a firm understanding of the possibilities which exist outside and beoffers the unequaled beauty of true pipe tone yond our normally accepted sphere meets the price of substitute instruments of perceptions should increase our conforms to standards of the American Guild of Organists respect for God and dispel fears of can be played by any organist the unknown. It should encourage finished in beautiful walnut (both console and organ case)

us to inquire into and increase our studies of scientific and religious created by regular Moller craftsmen—builders of many of

the world's great custom organs matters, for science is but another word for "God's handiwork."Perhaps more than anything else, Before you purAlso—The Moller Portable—$2975*

a realization of the normality and chase any organ, A small, but genuine, pipe organ;

actuality of spiritual experiences see and hear the suitable for schools, chapels, funeral may encourage us to live more in Artiste. Call or homes, etc.

accordance with the "revealed write:

truth"of the gospel, and to so conform our lives that we may strive to develop our Godgiven abilities to the maximum degree permitted us. In following such a course we

must surely come to a better underINCORPORATED standing of the purpose of this HAGERSTOWN, MARYLAND life, and so fit ourselves more comPrice slightly higher in the Far West.

pletely for the experiences which lie beyond the grave.

OCTOBER 1950 839 ALL-O-WHEAT On the{ConcludedBookrackfrom page 807)

WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW CEREAL and Most Healthful ABOUT TOBACCO The Best

Cereal for Your Family to Eat! (Frank Leighton Wood, M. D. Wichita Publishing Company, Wich- f*P

Its DELICIOUS ita, Kansas. 149 pages. 1944.) UNIVERSAL SPONSORS

origin, its tobacco, about flavor nutlike /Questions ANOTHER TOUR TO HAWAII the contains ALL effects body **- composition, on and of goodness the and mind are here answered compreJoirrour 20day tour leaving Berry. Entire Wheat

A 1949 Kansas hensively, simply, and with scientific November 16th, and returning analysis Laboratory the been has on accuracy. book The 5th December

that reveals 1 pound is for menyears, but market some has of ALL-O-WHEAT able directorbe under the to This tour will IT'S STEEL CUT seek to help those tioned again who 1900 Units ProVitamin A inform themselves about the tobacco ship of true, natural are (These over evil hanging vitamins) nuisance and AmerWILLIAM M. WADDOUPS Milligrams Thiamine 1.76 people. of her detriment ica to the

Niacin Milligrams 26.50 4.93 Milligrams Pantothenic Acid—/. A. W. who has spent more than twenty years

.452 Milligrams Riboflavin among the Hawaiians. His knowledge

rich in proteins, phosphorus, Also mineral matter and iron. AND GAZELLES LEAPING ofestingthe peoplewill helpand placesmake thatyourarefondestinterALL-O-WHEAT IS (Sudhin N. Ghose. Macmillan Co., dreams of Hawaii come true.

DELICIOUS to the Taste New York. 1949. 238 pages. $3.50.)

NUTRITIOUS to the Body XJot in a long time has anything so For further information, call

EASY TO PREPARE delightful come across this desk.

VERY ECONOMICAL to use This autobiography of an East Indian

Ask your grocer or local health store boy introduces the reader to a strange, UNIVERSAL today for new world, but in that world similar

ALL-O-WHEAT ideals and principles hold true as for TRAVEL SERVICE to ALL-O-WHEAT Or Write CO. the Western world. "Man must seek Phone 5-6215 Men. Hotel Temple Square Utah Ogden,

for holds and practise Charity"available in Truth All-O-Wheat now SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH stores Pacific health Coast all peoples other in countries than of Los Angeles Corp. Served by Halco

India as do other admonitions which are included in this unusual presentation of boyhood.

IT WAS OUR PLEASURE is Addedthe artto theworkinterestdone ofinterestinglythe writing Mayourwepleasureexpress to be able to furnish enough in white on black, giving the to be one of the

TERRAZZO effect of wood cuts or fine etchings. firms represented

C. /. in the construction for the new—M.

Brigham Young University, of the

SHOESTRING THEATER Brigham Young University PHYSICAL SCIENCE BUILDING (Nancy Hartwell. Henry Holt and Physical Science Building

Co., New York. 198 pages. $2.50.)

J. A. MARTINA

TERRAZZO, INC. f\F teensinterestwill tobe girlsthis andstoryboysof aingrouptheir J. E. STEELE CO.

PHONE HOLLADAY 870128 of young people's activities in turning ROOFING CONTRACTORS 4190 Olympus Drive

HOLLADAY, UTAH a barn into a summer theater. FollowWasatch Oil Bldg. Salt Lake

ing a summer filled with dramatic adventures and hard work, they produce a fine show and justify the town's faith in them by proving

COSTUMES isfinanciallythe glimpsesuccessful.of backstageOf interest,activitiestoo, GREETINGSMay We Add ANDOur

For Every Occasion that go into a theater production. CONGRATULATIONS

—D. L. G. to the

Also BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Fabrics and Trimmings for the advancements offered by the new Science Building and Field House

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

OCTOBER TIME WISCOMBE PAINTING Headquarters for the CO. & DECORATING By S. H. Dewhurst American Flag 1B2G Lake State Salt South

248 South Street Main RESIDENTIAL—COMMERCIAL every on bough we see JVTow Dial 3-1031 INDUSTRIAL of autumn's The mark wizardry, Salt City 1, Lake Painting Brush and Spray gold, the sudden Utah The* sudden brown...

And then those first leaves tumbling down.

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SAPANEIS CUCH (Concluded from page 762) feet to speak, he said (as interFrank Morrill and Elder W. D.

a proficient Indian maiden named preted by an Indian) that he could Morrill, and Brother Parley GoodClara, "who had been born near neither read nor write and therefore rich were asked by the Cuch sons

Springville, Utah. She was excould make no speech from a paper, to be pallbearers with three others:

tremely talented in the native but would only be able to speak Dan Cuch, Wallace Jack, and Amcrafts of tanning hides, making from the heart. brose Wash. The funeral was held

buckskin clothing, and beading. She On January 31, 1950, Sapaneis in the Indian fashion, with Sapamade her own designs and predied, nine years after the death of neis'five sons and sister, Mamie C.

sented her husband with an elegant his beloved wife. He had requested Riddley, standing beside the casket,

buckskin suit, including gloves and that his five surviving sons should while some thirty relatives and moccasins beautifully beaded. To care for his body. They buried him friends made speeches praising him

show his appreciation, Sapaneis in the beautiful suit which their for his many achievements and wore it only on very special occamother had made for Sapaneis and consoling those still living. Many

sions. Clara also bore her husband of which he was so proud. hundred Indians and white people

seven children, six boys and one Two of the missionaries, Elder gathered at the funeral of this girl. worthy Indian. Shortly before his

Sapaneis Cuch was a very alert last illness Sapaneis was encouraged and keen person. On Governor's to make a recording of the loved

Day at the Uintah Basin Indian "Indian Sunrise Prayer,"which he

Celebration one year, twelve thoualone of all his tribe knew.

sand people had gathered to hear the Lawrence Appahi, also prominent governor speak. The governor gave among his people, was the man who

an extended talk, reading almost had Sapaneis make the record.

every word, scarcely raising his Lawrence is now trying to get a eyes from his paper. Sapaneis Cuch, translation of the song in English.

as the official representative of his Then his white brothers as well as tribe, was seated on the stand tothe White River band of Utes, his gether with other officials of the fellow tribesmen, may benefit from state. When Sapaneis arose to his this sacred song.

StH&S&SS&KHfS

when you FLY FRONTIER AIRLINES to the;a GENERAL CONFERENCE You Have More Time There..

Less Time Away From Home

Four flights in and out of Salt Lake City daily.

Connecting with all transcontinental airlines.

RESERVATIONS: Frontier agents are located in all cities shown

on the map. Or, call your travel agency.

FRONTIER AIRLINES SERVING THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN EMPIRE

OCTOBER 1950 841

COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS

( Continued from page 798 grabbed hold. He had to hold it,

come. At any rate, as Snubby just had to! With one last mighty

Sep* grabbed the reins, Pumper sagged tug, it slipped into the notch, and deonto the seat, mumbling vaguely Snubby turned to grab the reins., i0,them ReS;,

about disrespectful kids and mopPoor Queen! Her head was pulled

ping at his forehead. way back trying to get away from

The horses were running now, the bit that cut her mouth. Bess's

stretching their long legs and head was lowered, and she pulled necks. Before them, the dusty road steadily, but the dead weight bewas all down grade. The emptyhind her was just too much. She

water tank rattled deafeningly befaltered and lost a step. Her head

hind them. Winding the reins raised and flecks of foam caught

around his hands, Snubby pulled on the wind and sprayed Snubby.

until the leather cut into his flesh. She was a game old girl, musclesQueen's head reared back to avoid straining to the very end. Slower,

STORM thetweenhurt,her butteeth,Bessandhadtheytheracedbit beon, itslower,was stopped.the wagon dragged. Then

manes and tails arched out like My, it was quiet—miles and DOORS banners. He was worried. If he miles, and only a buzzing bee to reWINDOWS pulledhorses toowouldhardgo onin aonecircle,side,andthoseon mindhad soundSnubbyin it.that the world still

this hill the wagon would surely In a moment the men from the

For maximum protection, winter roll over. The brake! The boy water house swarmed up around

windows and doors should be kicked viciously at the brake as him. They reminded Snubby of the

installed in your home. Winter he'd seen Pa do, but nothing hapchicken yard at home, all cackling

doors and windows can lower pened. He needed two hands for and crowing at once. The boy

fuel costs up to 40%. And this the job. grinned. One of the men took care

after continues saving year year... long after the original cost Snubby could see the water house of his wagon, and Judge Hardy

has been returned to your pockand the wagons lined up waiting to moved his own wagon out of line etbook! Better see us soon! be filled. Men were knotted toto let Snubby's go ahead. There

gether watching his wagon bolt forwas plenty of help getting his tank

it didn't filled. could he done have Oh,

it felt to important alone, but have FOR INSULATION wardsomeoneat dofullsomething?speed. Why

these men wait on him, while they "Whoa Bess—whoa Queen,"heits PALCO soothed, but the horses, the feel swapped tales about other runaPumper, rattling like the acting a wagon he was gone—and the boy W00L\ of the whip still alive on their backs, ways. When Snubby remembered glad. was fresh headlong the spur, raced down

Ask your friendly hill. Snubby's voice rang out. It

Lumber Dealer was a brave cry, throbbing and alive. "Here we come, here we

come; head us, somebody!"Tt was swell to see the house, snug

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. What was the matter with those in his own valley and wrapped

Building Material Distributor guys? Pa would have been out like a Christmas package in the

felt trees. poplar green 205 Snubby 3rd NORTH WEST flat X there in to time no grab those

; Also At he'd long time been away a off or horses 'em head some way, like BOISE, POCATELLO, TWIN FALLS, IDAHO

RENO, NEVADA-'but not one of the men made a move and had grown into a man in the in his direction as the wagon rushed meantime. As he neared the gate,

linked, were by. A cloud of dust hid them now, Mom and Pa, arms

PROFITABLE DAYS and a long straight road lay ahead. waiting for him. It was good to

back. be and was smiling, Mom to turned white boy Pumper, AHEAD FOR The "I told look. had a proud Pa you useless the seat. spring and on

"Here, you take these reins, and he could do it."QUISH hold 'em tight,"he ordered, and the "Pa! Pa!"Snubby couldn't wait

GRADUATES once vicious Pumper simply obeyed. to get down from the wagon to tell

Capitalize on QUISH training You'll nowl be a Jumping off the wagon seat and of his wonderful discovery. "It

competent beautician when graduated. probalancing carefully as the wagon was Pumper all the time! It was QUISH

hit that time vides Pumper with up at Big me you technical crazily lurched along, he grabbed skill and knowledge gained ENROLL it?"Lake, Pine wasn't handle with brake in hands. 25 both SEND FOR the NOW FREE years.CATALOG TODAY! pull. felt a hard It was His arms do Big about you "What know

wrenched out of their sockets, and Pine Lake?"Pa asked, lifting him

the muscles tore in his arms. There to the ground and bearhugging him

was a grating sound as the brake on the way.

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Go on, Snubby, what's all this <*m about Pumper and the Lake?"Mom f>

asked. "Oh, now, Ma. He couldn't

really remember any of our trips up there. Why Snubby, you were just paint colors'a little shaver, still in threecornered tf322

neckerchiefs—almost."

. <.... **--:*. "I do! I do, too, remember! There—

was a little black dog and a swing it—untilunder a big tree. Pumper hit my **|t sawcouldn'tthe handsomebelieve Colorizer

dog, and when I told him not to, Album of 1,322 colors—every

he hit me."one a realpaint chip! Beauti-

"Why, yes, I remember that, fulwaysdecoratorwanted! colorsI foundI'vecoalJoe. It was the summer I bottled ors to match my fabrics,

the twenty quarts of serviceberry floorboughtcoverings,them rightwallpaper...over the

jelly we liked so much. Don't you counter without waiting—and

remember? Pumper worked for izerat budgetPaints prices,have simplytoo! Colortrans

the boat man, doing odd jobs."formed my rooms!"

"Sure, I remember the year Pumper was up there. Jim Jennings loaned me his boat and motor,

and we caught our limit of trout every morning."

"You remember the fishing, Snubby?"Mom asked. Snubby slowly

shook his head. All these things

were not of his world. The slap,

the dog, Mom's comforting arms, and the shame when Pa called him a "boob"—these were his memories. BEHNETT'S

But somehow, they were all tangled BENNETT'S 65 W. FIRST SDUTH SALT LAKE CITY

up like a jigsaw puzzle. Pa and

Pumper had got all mixed up, and now they were straight, and he wasn't a boob any more. Somehow, ANNOUNCEMENT!

way back, they'd all been out of step, but now they were a family again.

Mom and Pa smiled at each other <&over his head just like they were KUKUI right pleased. "Well, I suppose we

each have our own memories,"Mom said. "Come on, Son,"Pa exclaimed.

"How about the milkin'?"

They headed for the corral. Momstarted to sing as she went to the PRICELESS

house, and the lilt of her voice Cocoanut Honey WHEN YOU NEED IT Pineapple Toppingcarried across the yard. The two

.. it?. Guava Jelly and Jammen joined in: andTherewhenis noyousubstituteneed it, forwillinsuranceyou have

losses costly with Don't take chances.. Pineapple—Papaya local sure! insure Kolob be and Your Agent. blessings Count your

specialist insurance an consult him Pineapple one Name them by one. frequentlyis as insurance change. your.. needs.

blessings Count your many Cocoanut Papaya Jams hath See what God done. Letplan ourbestagentsuitedhelp toyouyourchooseindividualthe insuranceneeds. Chutney Mango

A GENERAL INSURANCE POLICY Like you ate on the Lurline and at

BEWARE! writinging strongall typesstock ofcompanies.Insurance. Prompt.. representclaim the Royal Hawaiian Hotel

By S. H. Dewhurst settlement. Frank Salisbury, Mgr. All,Readynow availableMixed Poi at

'"Phe * Halloweenfrost is onis thedue pumpkin, ZCMI

And so the witches waken HILLCREST MARKET

To stir their evil brew! and

It is the time when spirits ALLRED'S FOOD CENTER

Take off on special whirls 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City (Highland1567ParkStratfordArea) Avenue Salt LakeParticularly those

Of little boys and girls!

OCTOBER 1950 843 ECHOES FROM THE PAST

{Continued from page 793) down over the canyon rim, the mud

Certainly my parents believed as roofs of the little village came into

Tuba did. My parents only stayed view. The village was crowded on

in Moencope for a year, but while a shelf of the canyon wall, while there my father planted several beyond it, down, down in the canacres with apple seedlings which yon bottom, the dark, glossy green he had brought with him from of many apple trees made vivid

Logan. silhouettes on the red rock wall.

As my father advanced in years, We dropped quickly down into he often expressed a desire to rethe picturesque Indian village.

(The following are for mixed voices) visit the places he had known as a There were houses of all sizes and after Sixty shapes. years man. plastered young he There were

$1.00 of Birth The

left I tepees, mother and houses rock Moencope, and my mud 1.00 of the Carol Christ—WilsonBells—Rogers there. houses. took him back twostory dipped were There adobe As we 1.00 the Skies—Holton in The Chorus

Folk—ShureLore Christmas Cantata.60 -.c % t <t.t vt t < <-.< '

Glory in the Highest—Nolte 1.00 s?}

.. His Name Shall Be Called lesus --——Lorenz 1-00 or ou ear.** 1.25 The Messiah—Handel

The Promised King—Broadhead.75 BY RICHARD L. EVANS

.... Song of the Holy Night—Wilson 1.00

The Story of Christmas—Lorenz 1.00 \VThether enforced or not, there are on the statute books

When Jesus Was Born—Madeira 1.00 penalties prescribed for almost every outward act of

evil. for provided punishments duplicity and There are. The—KountzWondrous(SSAStoryor TBB) 60

description. dealings of almost every But dishonorable

WE PAY POSTAGE we are constantly faced with the fact that no present means

Use this ad as your order blank of physical enforcement can prevent evil itself, so long as the offenses are first committed within the minds and hearts of men. There is no human agency that has yet

MUSIC DAYNES COMPANY devised an effective means of legislating against, or 4547 Main South r Utah City l Salt Lake form. not take physical act that does an We

postpaid the number of canpunishing, send Please evilspeaking, can't stop from a man but we may deter above. indicated tatas

On Approval Charge him from evilthinking. We may prevent him from steal-

D Money Enclosed ing, but we can't keep him from coveting. We may keep

NAME him from committing violence, but we can't keep him from

ADDRESS wishing he could—at least not by any legal barrier or

CITY AND STATE physical force. And while we need protection from outward acts, yet beyond this, and basic to it, we need protection from wrong thinking, from false motives, from evil

FIRST OF AILRELIABILITY intent, from false philosophies; we need protection from

what happens in the hearts and minds of men. "For out

evil thoughts, Savior, "proceed said the the heart,"of 4547 SOUTH lines #D thefts, false witness, fornications, adulteries, murders, STREET MAIN defile a man. things which are the These SALT LAKC CITY 1, UTAH blasphemies:

... the of civilization, real measure real safety M1 And the

of goodness is not whether or not we can enforce the laws against outward acts but whether or not men are fit company in their own solitude. Strength and peace

and abiding happiness have their source inside where \AJe View lAJltk j-'leasure thoughts are born and where deeds take shape. And

what this world needs is for truth to touch the minds and to the opportunity have we shall truth that hearts make men free—free of men—the in of the construction help In philosophies. false free thinking, from from false Field it turn B.Y.U. House. May

out great men as well as great short, if a man can't think straight, there can be no assurlive that can he athletes. ance "

... heart, so is he straight.2—and so "Foris theas worldhe thinkethhe livesin hisin.

CRAGER WIRE & 'Matthew2Proverbs 23:7.15:1920.

IRON WORKS /? Dpohenyponen vworaWord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

34 East 9th South Salt Lake City PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADSINCE 1885 h CASTING SYSTEM, AUGUST 13, 1950

. y?.?ri< < vt'v -<<-<-'

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

structures backed against the wall, after a load of corn and would identity, for without hesitation he with only an entrance on the second soon return. asked, "You?"(He used

floor which was reached by means The Indians showed us the bin the Indian name which Tuba had of a ladder. where Tuba had stored his corn bestowed upon Father.

I brought the car to a stop when during the famine when the corn "That's what they called me,"we reached the middle of town. Innever gave out. It was of stone nodded Father.

dians appeared from everywhere and looked as if it might stand The Indian's face lighted with and surrounded us. My father forever, a monument to this great joy. Jumping from the wagon, he

spoke their language and soon disLamanite. literally "fell upon"Father, so

covered several old acquaintances Then Tuba's son appeared with great was his happiness at seeing who greeted him warmly. his load of corn. his own father's revered friend.

learned that the orchard was He asked if any of Tuba's chil- "Are you Tuba's son?"asked my We

dren were living and was told that father, stepping to the wagon. The now divided among the tribe, each

his son was down in the canyon Indian seemed to divine my father's family having a certain number of trees.

As we prepared to depart, a squaw who had been standing nearby spoke.

"You wait,"she commanded.

Quickly she ran down the trail to the orchard. In a short time she

returned carrying a basket filled with rosy apples. Proudly she

gave them to Father.

"You plant 'em,"she said. "I

raise 'em. You have 'em."

I never saw Father happier than he was afterward. And those apples were good. I know, for I ate

my share.

OIL MAINSUMMER WORH

AND REPLACE WITH Premium utoco U T O CO MOTOR OIL

FINEST we've ever made in Lubricate our 41 year history. Drive for safety

every in wherever you see 1000 miles the Utoco sign. UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

4ht Year of Progress

OCTOBER 1950 845 Church Welfare in Action

(Continued from page 786) found its way into the hearts and hands of members in Europe.

One of these packages, bearing the name of President J. Melvin

Toone, came into the hands of a young elder named Jan Schut of his with Holland, Apeldoorn, who

Building, B.Y.U. facilities of the Science combined new J- HE T children survived wife had and three

faculty, qualified will well enable with B.Y.U. to an exceptionally

offer unexcelled training in many of the sciences. the ravages of war. In the Schuts'

Properly equipped laboratories and classrooms are essenhearts burned the hope, as it has in tial to such training, and we are proud of our part in furnishing thousands before them, that somefor this outstanding science center many of the chemistry and day, somehow, they could come to geology tables, storage and specimen cases, student work tables, Zion. With this hope in mind Jan

instructors'desks, and other laboratory and classroom fixtures wrote to President Toone who, after... custom made to highest standards by our local craftsmen. some investigation and with the

approval of the stake welfare comSALT LAKE CABINET & FIXTURE CO mittee,motion setthat thewouldlegalbringprocessesBrotherin 136 South West Temple:f|S Salt Lake City, Utah Schut and his family to America. n In April 1948 they arrived, to be

welcomed by President Toone and his family, together with the entire

Your Every Musical Need stake.Just a few days passed until Jan Promptly and Courteously BASKETBALL was busy working at his trade as a EQUIPMENT

Filled at carpenter on the stake storehouse, working for the program that had worked for him and his family.

that it does evidences Tangible BEESIEY'S %'!> /?

things these on welfare can be seen

MASON and HAMLIN acres in the Minidoka Stake where

The Stradivari of Pianos stands an upto-theminute storeKNABE house, with storeroom, walkin box,

The Piano of the Relief Society sewing room, and

Metropolitan Opera A gym shirt or a complete outfit cedarlined closet filled with clothfor your M. I. A. Team... You'll ing and bedding. On the same acres

EVERETT find quality, style, value... at there is a granary with wheat, a

The finest toned, medium yard of coal, a barn and corral priced spinet pianos built with two cows and calves, and hay

CABLE - NELSEN to feed them until another harvest. Beautiful spinet pianos in r2SSSCORNER SECOND SOUTH AND STATE Added this year was a chicken coop

the low priced field for five hundred chickens, a small - home, cellar, garage, and garden

Band Instruments spot.

Sheet Music Seven of the ten wards of Minioperate their and doka Stake own Musical and Everything OFFER.. WE are remainder farms, and the. own COMPLETE A $—

ENGRAVING SERVICE renting farms until they can purFrom Missionary Portraits to the Largest chase their own. The stake owns an

Catalogues. eightyacre farm in the best section BEES1EY MUSIC CO.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention of the county, and it also has a 70 South Main Salt Lake City

Phone 4-6518 UTAH ENGRAVING CO. sawmill standing ready at Heyburn.

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Less apparent but perhaps more

important are the accomplishments of the program which are written in the successes of a good number of

POP SOME fOk SUNVISTA brethren who have been and are

Delicious being rehabilitated in business and \&\ BLACKEYEDBUTTER BEANSPEAS on their own farms. There is also

BABY LIMA BEANS in sincere written heart every a apPINTO BEANS

Guaranteed CHILI PEPPERS of those preciation of the program Housekeeping1.Goad PINTO BEANS WITH PORK

either participated rehave by who TIME CORN GREEN At Grocers Your ceiving or giving to the work. They

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA feel that they have kept faith with those who brought forth this glorious work in our day. It is also

written in the numerous works done In the Improvement Era by the brethren of the priesthood in Relief the Society sistersand Iran—The Powder Keg theirhelping unfortunate members

and their families. Bits of it have What is happening in Iran? The eyes of the world are centered

gone with each package to Europe entthere.churchman,Dr. GeorgewritesStewart,in thisveteranissue ongovernment"Iran, Fatherexpertofandthe prominMiddle

and the numerous commodities sent East". Dr. Stewart is now in Iran.

to the general committee to be distributed wherever needed. It is told Brigham Young Universityin the testimony of Jan Schut, who

has found a happy home in Zion. In 1875 President Brigham Young established the school which

President Toone has now been bearsand inhisits name.period Thisof greatestissue salutesgrowththeand"Y"expansion.on its seventyfifth birthday

succeeded by Davis Green, who is also seeing that the Church welfareprogram moves forward. Who Is President of the "Twelve"?

The Minidoka Stake does not When a vacancy occurs who succeeds to the Presidency of the take this glory unto itself but gives Council of the Twelve Apostles? Why? Is the present procedure a

it to the Lord, for it is his work, its precedent only? Is it directed by revelation? Read Dr. John A.

accomplishments but a manifestation Widtsoe'sregular ERAauthoritativedepartment,discussionEvidencesofandthisReconciliationsvery timely topicin thisinissue.the

of his willingness to bless those who A similar topic of Churchwide interest is discussed each month.

love and work for him. Minidoka

Stake has been especially blessed More Religious Reading because her leaders have had vision, and her members have followed the One of the serious problems of the day both in and out of the counsel of the Church leaders and Churchpioneer ishomes,the lacknowofgathersreligiousdustreading.while theThemoreBible,"modern"read regularlyliteraturein

put the welfare program into operais read. It is difficult to retain faith and testimony at desirable levels

tion. when little or no religious reading is done. THE IMPROVEMENT

ERA has undertaken a campaign to arouse interest in more religious i -j reading. In its own pages an effort is being made to lead readers to return to the Bible, Book of Mormon and other Church publications.

There never has been a time in world history when religious reading

Priceless was more desirable and necessary.

(Continued page 787) from What Is Youth Reading? in 1416 in Spain born zar, was

(Brother Eufemio Salazar's elevOne of the factors influencing character and behavior in youth enth great grandfather). is the type of material being read. A new flood of "trash"magazines

These sheets have already been THEhas comeIMPROVEMENTonto the marketERAand isothersmakingare asaidspecialto beappealin preparation.to youth.

sent to the Index Bureau, and the Through stories and feature articles by our best writers and editorial baptisms are done ready for the materialinto properan effortchannelsis beingand awaymadefromto directthe light,the readingfrothy, oftrashyyoungmaterial,people other temple ordinances. What a much of it highly objectionable and some of it actually vicious that

marvelous achievement, but it took floods newsstands today! Watch the ERA in the months ahead for

patience, perseverance, and rethe many attractive features planned especially for young people.

search.

It was during the noon hour, beLehi in the Desert tween two sessions of conference,

In this issue Dr. Hugh Nibley concludes his notable series of

that Sister Maria Gomez Plata articles dealing with the beginning of the record found in the Book paused to discuss her family geneof Mormon. This last article is masterly and intensely interesting.

alogy. After telling of the diffiReadAmericanit. ForTestament"better understandinglook up your lateof thisissueswidelyreadof the ERArecordand follow"the

culty she had encountered in trying Dr. Nibley in his searching study of the life of Father Lehi in the

to get an answer to her letters, old world.

written to the priest in Mexico and to distant relatives, she finally said she guessed she would have to give up, for she did not have any moreinformation on her parents'line. IMPROVEMENT

Questions of various types were asked, with no results. Finally, she More

was asked if she did not have any birth certificates on any member Religious of her father's family, and her face Reading lighted up as she opened her purse and replied, "I have three certificates right here with me."Even Printed This MonthEM—88,500 Copies

[Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1950 847 Your Ward Choir PRICELESS or Chorus (Continued from preceding page) been very much interested in doing

Sister Plata exactly the for their did not dead. kindred work know can sing these famous

certificates three put those genealogy branch she book was The why

TABERNACLE CHOIR in her purse that morning before available, and family group sheets

ARRANGEMENTS bandgettingto intodrivethesomecar withfifty hermileshusto werethe chapel.immediatelyIt wasstartedas if therea visionin

by conference in Fresno, California. had passed before her eyes as three

J. SPENCER CORNWALL Brother and Sister Plata are the manuscripts she had carried in her

parents of seventeen children. Last purse were read. They gave not

COLUMBIA RECORD FAVORITES year fourteen of the seventeen chilonly the information on the person "Come, Come Ye Saints"dren were sealed to them during the in question, but gave also names of

Price 16 cents Arizona temple excursion in Octothe parents and other information "O Worship The King"ber, and since that time they have for two generations.

Price 1 8 cents MANY OTHER FAVORITES including America, The Beautiful J Battle Hymn of the Republic Jke Sl ctteaiA or Jmth

Blessed Are They America BY RICHARD L. EVANS

Published by TThere is an old word often used to describe the means % PIONEER PRESS MUSIC is their purposes. The word pursue men by which Salt City Lake % all at arriving of strategy of the strategy."hear We Order by Mail! Pay Postage! We But deception. by manner FIRST -RELIABILITY OF ALL of objectives—sometimes

the most effective strategy is "the strategy of truth,"and there is no other strategy that can consistently withstand 4547 SOUTHtinesI fi/f* t it. The strategy of falsehood, so widely used in the world,D MAIN STREETa

salt tAKf0fUi4lCarr i, utah Co-. itshas collapse.one great Itsweaknessfatal weaknesswhich alwaysis that ultimatelyevery falsehoodcauses

must continually be explained by other falsehoods. If

any man or any group of men set about to establish one lie they must quickly fabricate other lies to support it, and more and more lies insatiably demand more and more lies; and soon the whole pattern becomes so complex thatALL ALUMINUM explanations faster can be made, than appearTRIPLE TRACK STORM WINDOWS discrepancies falls with false fabric With its own weight. and the whole

AND FINEST all of the confusion of purpose and counter purpose and

STORM of opinion and counter opinion that there is, the question |W DOORS is often asked, "What can we believe?"There is only

one answer: the only thing we can believe is truth. No

Keep Out generation of people can afford to believe anything which

Cold Drafts 5 does not check with all of the confirmed facts and figures,

Save on and with all of the laws and realities of the universe—and

Fuel any man or any generation of men who want to protect themselves against ultimate breakdown must lay their

Stop Sweaty plans upon the strategy of truth. There never was and

Windows never will be any man or any combination of men smart

EASY TERMS enough to support any falsehood permanently, no matter the strategy well conceived or how ingeniously how falseCall or Write further falsehood. with is supported The strategy hood

STOACO INTERMOUNTAIN, INC. of truth is the only strategy that may be permanently

built upon. And for safety and strength, for peace and 4847 So. State, Murray. Utah progress, and for salvation itself, men must demand and MURRAY 955 be ever prepared SALT LAKE 9-4107 expect, receive and accept truth—and

to face facts. There is no safety or assurance in any

other direction.

/A<? spoken Word from TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, AUGUST 20, 1950

Copyright 1950

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The marriage certificate of Sister

Plata's parents was especially interesting and enlightening. It gavethe following information: Luis r

Gomez and Margarita Blanco (herparents) were married on 5 Oct. tejwsttWs m\\

1890. The groom was twentyone

years old, and the bride was twentyfour. His father was C. Leonardo

Gomez and was seventy years old at the time of the marriage. His

mother's name was Dominga Balboa, and she was fiftyseven at that time. His paternal grandparents

were Don Albino Gomez and Dona

Josefa Reyes, both dead, the certificate said.

Also, on this same marriage certificate was the information of the wife, Margarita Blanco, who was the mother of Sister Gomez. She

was the daughter of Pedro Blanco and Juliana Martinez. The father

was fiftysix years old at the time of his daughter's marriage, and the mother was fiftyfour. The certifi-

"22,""30,""44,"and "44-6"tractors,cate stated that Margarita Blanco's NOW Available on Models grandparents on the paternal side the MasseyHarris Depth-O-Matic System that makes it a "snap"were Santiago Blanco and Maria to raise and lower implements... to angle gangs... to operate

Isabel Perez and that they were manure loaders, bulldozers... to do by hydraulic power what

both dead; also, that her maternal you now do by muscle power.

grandparents were Antonio Martinez and Paula Tijerina and that they were both dead also. There'sHarris Tractorsmore of everything... more powerin Massey-... Andic poweryou havewhetherthis convenientthe tractorhydraulis in

Family group sheets have been more economy... more conveniences motion or standing still.

sent to the Index Bureau to enable... more efficient operation. The Depth-O-Matic control is just

Sister Plata the temple to do work another reason more more and why

There's of this than no better example it are a farmers Massey- "Making her greatgrandparents for even MasseyHarris Depth-O-Matic the six basic Harris."models Among

in the born 1780's were and thewho for raising implelowering System fit and to size farm, there's a type your and 1 790's. ments and holding them to their job. your! crops, your purpose.

Not all marriage or birth certificates give as much information as these three did, but they are all of Ask your nearest dealer for a FREE DEMONSTRATION value to our people Mexican and of a new MASSEYHARRIS TRACTOR on your farm. for securingnot merely passports

for crossing the international border. Naturally, there is some exUTAH COLORADO

Motor Co.pense attached to securing legal Delta—Hunsaker Works Alamosa—The San Luis Valley Implement Co. Heber-M & H Weldingcertificates, but who wouldn't be Kamas—Hoyt's Store Craig—Brinkley Hardware

& White Sales & Service Meeker—Wayne towilling dollars a spend few Barton to Monticello—RandallLogan—Taylor & C. Denton Pleasant View—J. Sunset—North and Ogden for doors the ofopen the entrance Luis Lumber & Supply Co. San Luis—San Service Farm Repair Baugh &

a loved one into the Church? Parowan—ParowanPayson—Allan's FarmServiceEquipmentCo.

Keep those legal birth, marriage, SaltRichfield—HarwardLake City—King BrothersEquipment Co. WYOMING

Strate's certificates, Spring Garage City—death thenand and

Service St. George St. George—Co. Afton—ValleyCasper—NolandTractorFeed Company& Implement Co.refer to them geneCo. when compiling Implement Tremonton—Valley

alogical statistics. They are (Wayne Sandall) Sheridan—Coffeen Sales Co.

priceless!

Intermountain Distributor

WESTERN MACHINERY COMPANYNoliquor-Tobacco (Continued from page 835) 748 West 8th South Salt Lake City 13, Utah majority of middleincome group people are not willing that their sons, at %i ii the most critical age, shall be subMAKE IT A MASSEYHARRISjected to pressure which may cause (Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1950 849..

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN CLAIM YOUR {Concluded from preceding page) THE GREAT SILENCE them to form habits prejudicial to their in conthing disturbing most The in life. of "compulsions prospects The HAIRITAGE in alcohol problem the with nection in the environment"and Army, Navy,

re-... of a is of the that this country many corps, should promote Marine ABnot struck leaders are dumb, sponsible handsome, not drinking, which may STINENCE,

fear, petrified, whenever with say violent crime, to drunkenness, and tohealthy head lead the with to face face they come alcoholism.

problem. of hair... policy that the question do not We How else can you explain the fact selling services beer of in the armed

during the recent war was well inthey will discuss at great length, vital tended. However, it served to introsocial, economic, and political probduce many thousands of young men lems which are inextricably entwined

alcohol, yet of and problem the with to drinking experience custom, the and childhood From beer, or wine, not whiskey, mention not it tragic that a has demonstrated was wellclean-looking, up, glossy, of a extent word? the to even blunder.

is asset. a real hair groomed the of safety on the matter Take the at communists with are war We of onefourth Approximately highway: indiin Chinese communists Korea. oils, natural will needed L.B. add are the fatalities highways all on the intention cate their to attack Formosa,

luster, unruly train "life"give and driver of part a the drinking to on due them. forbidden to which have we

control danhair, help can adolescent yet pedestrian, name and or we free the of assaults people Other upon druff. world may be contemplated. How men in places of high responsibility

long this process will be permitted to who will discuss that problem on ocFOR THE WHOLE FAMILY continue without fundamental concasions of national importance and sideration of its point of origin, no one not even hint that they are aware to or is in any involved way is that liquor knows. do know we What FOR is that truth cold extent. The any all collect to of power, our need we HAIR THE responsiare beer wine, and whiskey, of wickedland purge waste and the L.B. NEW eight thousand approximately for ble CREAMED things ness, the to prepare defend and

year. each highways the deaths on life SHAMPOOwith worth while. make 2/oEg": which Powdered HAIR IF YOUR of InvestigaFederal Bureau The

HELP.LBNEEDS L.B...IT NEEDS perindicate a thirtytwo reports tion PROPOSES THE ACTION WCTU

cent increase in crime since repeal,

BEFORE you buy new From The National Voice, August and yet we doubt that there are a screens.. 3, 1950 we learn that a wartime drive million people in the country who

in prohibition for seen was Washingof this; them untold numbers know repaint or youThis BEFORE ton. of pronouncement The recent a to put repeal an end think that

. old ones. rewire your called for the the banning crime. saturnalia of of terrible WCTU

that are aware people percent a fiftytwo is it! Itigatewill RYLOCK.pay you to investSend liquorservers aroundsaid it foretoldmilitary theposts,introductionand obthereHowhasmanybeen

coupon for information, of a bill in Congress to bring this to increase in women sentenced to of nearest dealer. pass.THE name The first announcement came from hibitionFederal passedprisons fromsincethe nationalscene? proEvanston, Illinois, the headquarters of

the WCTU, and said the ban on How many American citizens are that there was an astounding in adjacent areas must aware to campsRYLOCK liquor percent and seventytwo two hundred effect into immediately "in view be put

Tension of the draft and the increasing enlistincrease in the number of dependent ments of teenagers."children from 1933 to 1947?

politiWINDOW Mrs. D. Leigh Colvin, head of the We can understand the wet organization, said in a statement: cians—the liquor traffic is contributing

to their campaigns; that exheavily entitled to protection boys are "Our SCREEN plains that. politicians brass from and hats who

seem to think that booze, immorality, The fact remains that there has been and gambling are essential to military a great deal of neglect in other quarmorale."ters or the people would be better

Mrs. Colvin said mothers and wives informed as to a matter which constiof the nation's fighting men want astutes a serious national weakness in a

surance they "will be led by sober oftime of world emergency.

ficers and that they will not come home We are inclined to give the press a with the drink habit as so many did reasonably clean bill of health. There

RYLOCK COMPANY LTD. after the last war."is no overlooking the fact that the

2485 Washington Ave., San Leandro, Calif. Condoned drinking in the last war, reportorial treatment of what is going

in cities connection in our great greatest "resulted the she said, on in You may send me complete information.

,"if not a liquor deserves alcoholics with of drunkards and number "B + among veterans in history."an A.

Certainly no violation of the Act of We just call it "The Great Silence,"1901 referred to in the Clipsheet artiand let it go at that. (Clipsheet

cle should be permitted. 7/10/50.)

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

THATMASTERTEACHER There's a Beautiful

FULLR President Heber J. Grant often

MINTS related an experience of Dr. national bible

then last Karl G. Maeser. Brother Maeser for Every Need

told how a poor widow had come to him with her son. She announced

that this was her only son, that Home rn Jsti <=Jjamond she had gone out washing to save Teacher the necessary money to send him Lectern

Letter /jubilee UJear tocauseBrighamshe hadYoungheard Academythat BrotherbeRedZipper

Maeser was able to reform wayColor Cover

We Congratulate the Brigward boys. She told Brother Testament

ham Young University on its Maeser that she could not handle progress and preparation for the boy, and that the bishop and the future. his counselors could do nothing A.. MUST. The forTestamentChristianforWorkersFishera

small, clear type, bold that they Men—with and him

helps. attractive all looked ofvaluable Three We are happy to be among styles. paper. India Printed on boy. as a bad him upon

the firms helping with the conThe boy started school and was struction of the new soon in trouble. Brother Maeser

told how he violated all the rules Ask for

Field could teachers school. the House of The

and him, with and his nothing do innationalBeloved King JamesbiblesVersion

Physical Science Building fluence was bad in the school.

Brother Maeser hesitated about expelling him because he thought of

W. P. Fuller & Co. washingthat poor inwidoworder whothat hadher goneonly sonout CONGRATULATIONS

Salt Lake City Ogden might go to school; so he put up to the

Idaho Falls with this careless, wayward boy Brigham Young University until he could stand it no longer. on its fine new

Then he finally expelled him from Physical Science Building school. We are proud to have had a

The next morning at eight hand in making it what it is—

o'clock, as soon as Brother Maeser the finest of its kind in the West ARMSTRONG had reached his office, there was a

ASPHALT TILE FLOORS knock at the door. When he WILLIAMS, GRITTON

IN THE SCIENCE BUILDING opened the door, there stood this & WILDE furnished and installed by boy. Brother Maeser said that when Heating andEngineersAirConditioning

BUILDING SALT LAKE CITY DIXON TAYLOR RUSSELL heof alllookedthe troubleat the heboyhadandcausedthoughtin DOOLY

Eight complete the school, he felt "just like hitting homefurnishing stores him, right between the eyes."That

to serve you was his first thought with reference We Were Proud to the boy who had been expelled the day before. to be chosen to do the

The boy said: "Brother Maeser,

give me just one more chance."TILE WORK

Brother Maeser said: "I stood in the new B.Y.U.

there paralyzed to think that boy Physical Science Building would ask for another chance. He

did not think I would give him another chance; and he said: 'Brother CALLAHAN TILE CO.

CONTRACTORS me Maeser—give"Mil?"BOSTON 8 MASSoneMaeser,moreBrotherchance.'FREE ESTIMATES PHONE 7-1691

Brother Maeser's voice broke, as Store Fronts—Tile Fireplaces

into the rushed extended, he pleadBath Rooms—Kitchens—Drain Boards

ing HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S. f the arms of and embraced boy

d IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k him and kissed him, and promised

YE KINGS REST MOTEL him a hundred chances.

526 SOUTH 5th STREET "Now,"said Brother Maeser, READ

B. Foutz, Dr. Harold do Owner "what boy you think—that

H. Foutz, Manager Edgar is a The Improvement Era bishop's counselor in the very town

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout where once he was a spoiled egg!"12 issues $2.50

OCTOBER 1950 851 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY IN RETROSPECT (Continued from page 778) and spiritual implications. Thus his

Save and that the school made the gradual administration continued the great

Save Again at transition from an academy to a moral and religious traditions laid university. He proved to be a down by Dr. Maeser and also

ideal of GREYHOUND'S capable mediator in effecting harfurthered the university mony between the academic ideals President Cluff.

Fall RoundUp of higher education and the religious Progress toward higher educafurthered tional by standards was of the university. conHe of goals on the the introduction of work tinually that the stressed the fact

Travel toprimarymake purposebetter Latterdayof the schoolSaints.was thegraduatemaster'sleveldegree.and theThegivingcollegeof

He interpreted this with a deep indepartment, which had been called

Bargains sight as to its fundamental moral the Church Teacher's College, was

SAVE... on RoundTrip I "

tickets (20% on return trips).

SAVE... on Charter Trips

to big Fall events. BY RICHARD L. EVANS

SAVE... on low -cost

Amazing America VaTf we were to list the things that make men most miserable, cation Tours. we should surely have to place jealousy well toward

the top. Jealousy has played a prominent part in many,

See Your Greyhound Agent Today! if not most, human heartaches, and it is so closely associated with some other evils that it is sometimes difficult

to separate. It is a first cousin of envy, which in turn is

close kin to covetousness, and all of them keep company & with hate and bitterness. Jealousy is often the prime mo-

& tive around which the plots of fiction revolve. It is also

seemingly an inseparable part of the drama of real life, & of which fiction is but a reflection. Jealousy is perhaps as X

<t STOP SMOKING -Easily! oldens aswouldhumanseemnatureto offeritself,evidenceand eventhattheLuciferwar inwasthejealousheav-

"IT DOESN'T COSTIT PAYS"the pattern of someone of the and position power else-—and

in Dr. Merrill's mentioned NICOSTOP, No

- There too itself altogether many times. (Sept.), Liquor since Tobacco repeated column has now offers

choice you a of TWO taste, relieves craving and SIZES. ATIt ONCE.is pleasantThouto are some specific things we should know about jealousy

successfully. sands have used NICOSTOP

Accept no substitute. Available on moneybefore we permit it to play a part in our own lives. One is

guarantee back at druggists, or if you do not that to give way to it is virtually to concede inferiority. it, find write to

of be jealous wouldn't a that person probable It seems NICOSTOP himself, felt an admisand adequate if he person another

DEPT. CALIF. A, NICOSTOP, SAINT HELENA, of a is an admission therefore often jealousy sion of prices. further information, Please send and

& feeling of inferiority. Jealousy is both a cause and a

Name & symptom of lack of trust. Too often it enters even into

Address the family circle and is not reserved for strangers alone.

City State Another thing we must remember about jealousy is that it. It vm its most certain victim is the one who gives way to

? is true that many innocent lives have been adversely affected by it, but it is also true that no one who harbors it

ill ef- "Above Everything a within his own heart has ever himself escaped its fects. And the jealousy of others toward us, disturbing

it is, is not nearly so damaging as the jealousy that is Good Roof"y as generated within us and directed toward others. It is

Congratulations to the selfinflicted punishment, a destroyer of love, an enemy of

Brigham Young University inner peace. One of the sincerely satisfying conquests

on its fine new & of life is the overcoming of jealousy. He who has cast

Field House & it out is blessed beyond most men.

lAJord Jke Spoken TEMPLE FROM square LAYTON LYNN C. BROAD- & PRESENTED THE COLUMBIA KSL AND OVER CONTRACTOR ROOFING 27. 1950 SYSTEM, CASTING AUGUST

2034 Laird Dr. Salt Lake City

Phone 6-6606 & Copyright 1950 &

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA divided into a School of Education of the School and Arts and SciThe Jumping Jack varied ences. lyceum program A TO THE GROWING LIST

brought speakers and artistic perof fine buildings on which we formers of national and world fame have worked, we now proudto the campus. In academic work *s / Mothers

\ Love ly add the name of the departmentsthe normal schoolwere andnoteworthythe fine artsfor '<0t* their progress. It

BRIGHAM YOUNG An active building program

UNIVERSITY brought about the erection of the women's gymnasium and the arts

PHYSICAL SCIENCE BUILDING building on the lower campus, and the Maeser Memorial Building on

May it add much to the very the upper campus. The latter area

had been known as Temple Hill promising future of this outbut was later purchased and restanding institution. named University Hill. Its large

area and scenic possibilities were vital, contributing factors in the future of development the univerPediatricians by Endorsed sity. projects These the operand S. W. LUDINGTON

tends Jack"and Revolutionary "Jumping ation the of school brought about time. deHelps exercises the at same baby

Experienced Equipped—giving strong, while child active velop perplexing financial some difficulFit to Free Adjustable time. Mother more all for types of

1 old. to Holds 3 1 months From every baby ties. However, the through generstraight to go erect, legs down, allows back INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL

Steel direction. in free any to move arms of ous support Jesse Knight and BLASTING PAINTING & SAND freely. to permits jump spring safety baby

i fall out. tip Harness or over cannot other loyal Baby friends, these obligathe throughout west skin. indoors tender Use baby's cannot chafe

tions Co., 225 to Shurtliff Mfg. out. or Send $4.98 successfully were met. School

Ave. Salt Lake 438 Garfield moneyIdaho. Pocatello, S. Ave., 10th 100%

spirit was furthered guarantee. organizing by back 6-6123 Phone

GIFT! AIM IDEAL the students into a student body

association, the beginning of school yearbook, a SHURTLIFF225 S. 10TH AVE. MFG.POCATELLO,CO.IDAHO The Banyan, and

placing the huge white Y on the

WE ARE HAPPY mountainside east of Provo.

Dr. Franklin S. beHarris When for the privilege of playing a

president 1, came the A BRIGHTER FUTURE 1921, on July of construction part in the school secured leader a had who people awaits young The already national gained distinction the in the West as University's Brigham Young scientist as a research and adminUniversity Brigham Young istrator new at State Agricultural Utah

Field House College. He had been educated at looks forward to the

Brigham Young University and secompletion of its magnificent

WRIGHT PLANING MILL cured his doctorate at Cornell. He FIELD HOUSE

Woodwork Manufacturers was a scientist and administrator his loved faculty Church SPRINGVILLE, and CENTER 58 WEST UTAH who grateful are We

... it's "If of and made intensely loyal Wood to was both. of helping He for privilege the

It"Make We had a vision rare of the future posit of to the one make sibilities of the university, with the patience, tact, and arduous industry best equipped structures as a Latterday Can You Saint to accomplish its fulfilment. of its kind in the nation. Explain and Defend

The Doctrines of Your Church From the Holy Bible? His administration of twentyFinest Hardware for the

"KNOW THE BIBLE"four years was marked by a Finest in Building versatile and dynamic develop50 Pertinent Religious Questions in Text. Full Biblical Answered ment of the school. gains Schlage Locks Academic

Ideal Book for all Church An Members, Misof great significance were made, Norton Door Closers sionaries, Servicemen, and NonMember

Relatives and Friends. while those in the social, cultural, Stanley Hinges

is in complete This book harmony with the and religious areas were commenRixson Floor Checks teachings Church. of the L.D.S.

NOW IN ITS THIRD EDITION surate. The university was organPaper $1 216 Pages Cloth 1.50 ized into five colleges: applied sciCopies Order Autographed Direct From ences, arts and sciences, commerce, T. C. STAYNER CO. Publisher Compiler and

education, fine arts, and the division 60 South East 4th

B. BENJAMIN ALWARD of religion. CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH 148 Salt First Ave. Lake City, Utah

(Or at Your Church Bookstore) Dr. Harris'love of research and—OCTOBER 1950

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY IN RETROSPECT {Continued from preceding page) succeeded President Harris in 1945, higher education resulted in the was graduated from Utah State founding of the graduate school Agricultural College and secured and the research division of the unihis doctorate from the University versity. He greatly increased the of California. He was a school adsize and quality of both library and ministrator of wide experience in

faculty according to current acathe San Francisco and Salt Lake demic standards. The number of City Schools. He proved himself

graduates who studied for higher to be a most vigorous, resourceful, degrees increased immensely. Many and able administrator in coping

of them secured graduate scholarwith the many problems which perships in the nation's leading uniplexed the university at the end of versities and greatly enhanced the World War II when thousands of reputation of the university by their returning war veterans found the excellent work. Rapid progress current university facilities and

was especially prominent in the scihousing quite inadequate. The inences as the departments in this creases in enrolment continued until

area were greatly strengthened in his retirement in the autumn of faculty personnel and equipment. 1949, when 4900 students were

On account of these academic registered. During this period the

achievements, the school became size of the faculty was increased, a fully accredited university through and needed buildings were added.

membership in the leading college The construction of classroom and and university associations of the administrative buildings, dormitornation. ies, and a magnificent new science

the upper campus. spread over A fields experiof educational other AS USUAL President Harris also stressed building caused a small city to counseling comprehensive to more support vigorous gave ence. He

religion, the fine arts, student social service for vocational and educaWe helped build the activities, extension work, adult tional guidance of students was fine B. Y. U. Science education, commerce, and the school inaugurated. A medical and hospibuilding. of education. His introduction of tal insurance plan was organized

an extension division and leadership around a medical center which has week was most influential in extendsecured great benefits to the students at a nominal cost. A campus S. A. ROBERTS & CO. ing the university's influence to

109 West 2nd South friends and patrons of distant areas. branch of the Church was estabthe students to give more lished spirit instruction religious and The SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH leadership in religious experience espeinstitution the were made of

cially effective by the establishment and activity.

of a more integrated and profesDr. Christen Jensen, who has

HOTEL LANKERSHIM 7TH AND BROADWAY sional division of religion. Also been acting president on two differ-

"In the Very Center of the City"highly effective were the exceptionent occasions, 193940 and 194950, with bath from Rooms $3.50 ally fine devotional services, stuis a distinguished scholar and adGrill Dining Room and

FRANK R. WISHON, Operator dent religious organizations such as ministrator. His graduate work at

LOS ANGELES CALIFORNIA a Sunday School, M. I. A., and the Harvard and the University of

religious fraternity of Lambda Delta Chicago, his experience as head of

Sigma. the history and political science deDRINK During his administration many partment and as dean of the gradimportant and beautiful buildings uate school have given him a rich

A delightful were added to the campus: Heber and versatile academic and adminfor those hot beverage J. Grant library, the Brimhall bioistrative background. His keen coffee. don't drink who

AT YOUR GROCERS logical science building, the Joseph understanding, impartial judgment,

Smith building, dormitories, a his modesty, and administrative efrt/\ASV\/\/V\/\/\S\SVV\/\#VVA/tSVVVA/W\A/VV\ftSVW\/\S\S\ stadium, and a stadium house. The ficiency have won the high regard

purchase of extensive land tracts and respect of his faculty colleagues

IPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS adjacent to University Hill secured as well as the Authorities of the

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple room for future campus developChurch.

sore throat and other minor mouth ment. The upper campus was transThe university has kept faith

and throat irritations. formed by artistic landscaping from with its founders in its double emHALL'S REMEDY aintobarrena lovelyplaceuniversityof weeds setting.and stones phasisgence. uponThe religioneffectivenessand ofintellithe

Salt Lake City, Utah Dr. Howard S. McDonald, who former is attested by the testimonies

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of many missionaries, bishops, stake presidents, and General Authorities have parof the Church who l/i/e Jaluite and Lonaratulate its spirit. of and Lovetaken

brotherhood, which are essentials The farsighted Leaders of the of the gospel of Jesus Christ, prevail upon its campus. It is known as

school."friendly is proThis"the BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY wholesome of aductive rich and

social life wherein many lasting For building character in men and women above all else.

friendships and happy marriages are frequent results.

The university is still faithful to PRESIDENTS OF B.Y.U. ATHLETIC DIRECTORS

the academic ideals of its great SINCE 1875 OF B.Y.U. SINCE 1875

teachers and scholars. Many of its Karl G. Maeser John C. Swenson

graduates have become highly sucBenjamin Cluff Warren Colton cessful businessmen, doctors, lawGeorge H. Brimhall Clayton Teetzel

yers, and farmers. Numerous Franklin S. Harris E. L. Roberts

colleges and universities throughout Howard S. McDonald Ott Romney

the nation have its graduates on Christen Jensen Eddie R. Kimball

their faculties. It has become one

of the outstanding teacher colleges in the west through its training of able and competent teachers. The

achievements of its able scientists have induced the Church to build a science building which is a credit to any university. It has a faculty

of scholars and educators which is unique in fraternal brotherhood and interest in religion. Much of the

success of the school has been due to its loyal cooperation and zeal for are well underway in the construction of one of the finest fieldhouseshigh scholarship. We

it further advance the cause of Youth in the same Thus, from the achievements and in the United States. May

efforts of the Church founders, high tradition in the future, as has been done in the past.

presidents, faculty, and students of the university, ideals and traditions collective in ahave force become is as the "spirit of thewhat known MARK B. GARFF,

'Y'."This spirit has to be experienced in order to be evaluated. Butall who have enjoyed its inspiring RYBERG & GARFF

influence feel that the sacrifices and for themeans expended of CONSTRUCTION COMPANY growth

Brigham Young University have Mark B. Garff Eric C. Ryberg Wayne B. Garff

paid the richest of dividends in richer human living.

BUYING A NEW HOME?

Be sure you have enough Fire Insurance.....:.'.':..".'.....:;,;..,;;

....:>..::.; See the friendly Agent of the Or see—M''''liiiiB to cover its REPLACEMENT COST.

UTAH HOME FIRE HEBER J. GRANT & CO.;%

INSURANCE CO. General Agent

R''He will he glad to help you. Salt Lake City

'J:ilfiliB*'

OCTOBER 1950 855 <M4tJ mfdxmits

Nephi, Utah Editors: Dear THE LIGHT TOUCH feel honored to add to such a magazine, and also grateful

I to my Heavenly Father for any talent with which I might Prepared be blessed.

I desire that greatest is to so live small in a might way to father: Small report card. "Here's boy My And say, my

I people. in the future write I hope can to young be a guide here's of attic."Dad, your old one I found in the ones

something again that can perhaps lend a little help or encouragement to any who might read it.

Sincerely, Must Be Good Sadie H. Greenhalgh A couple coming out of a movie theater discovered an

Billings, Montana enormous waiting line, and the astonished wife said:

Dear Editors: "We must have seen a good picture!"

'I 'he Improvement Era has always been an inspiration and the last several * comfort to me. For months legs have my

this I cannot paralyzed, so time work. been During The Every Day In Every Way greatest of has been companions. one Era Improvement my

riding Miserablelooking the through horseback woman I article in interested the in very an June was much desert: barren "It is a vacation wonderful enjoying and I am P. issue entitled, Emilie C. Jordan. 1950 Give "Never by Up"

it. I a wonderful vacation IS and IT am enjoying ever, As WONDERFUL.It is it.A

J. Darrel Peterson

Mesa, Arizona On the Job Dear Editors:

applicant asking a girl office manager was really the An enjoyed Era I came more since to Mesa Ihave talents. unusual said she She had won severalif sheprizeshad It is before. ever than to any something to look forward

in contests. crosswordpuzzle sloganwriting and inspiring. conference month. so each is always number The

able to leaders is read told her, be a good,"the from our the message wonder- "Sounds manager To "but we want someful opportunity. I have read them all. In the December body who will be smart during office hours."

number I enjoyed so much reading about the general Sunday "Oh,"said the girl, "this was during office hours."

School Superintendency, President Smith's message, My

Testimony, the fine article by President Clark, Sister Goddard's lovely Apron Strings, and, of course, The Spoken Word and What It Seems to. editorials thing All in to look forward are always a big

all, articles real gems. the Eras have been one of the Any A recent ad stated: "It took twelve thousand workers to

read has been worth the price of the entire year. put that bottle of milk at your door."

( s ) Enid Horsley "Yes, it sounded as if it did."

BEEHIVE GIRLS AND LEADERS AT BIG BEAR LAKE

Seventytwo Bee Hive Girls of the Long Beach (California) Stake spent an man of the stake presidency, Howard Millett of the stake high council, and enjoyable week of swimming, hiking, and horseback riding at the SaHa-Le Dorothy Barnes and Kay Sheldon of the stake Y. W.M.I.A. presidency were

lodge at Big Bear Lake recently. in attendance.

Sunday School was held out under the big pines, and that evening a Olive Grant and Lila Revo, the stake Bee Hive leaders, were in charge of testimony meeting convened before a large campfire. Francis M. Zimmerthe gathering.

Drive qive our R/GMTmh kids a chance

M-...

SCHOOL HAS STARTED

And that means every driver should be especially careful of children crossing streets and getting on or off school buses. Drive right means drive slowly

when you're in a school zone!

Phillips 010 Orivem#Twith

driver, careful you are a youIF it is to important know how be STOP AT STATIONS careful the gasoline about buy. you

All motor fuels are not alike... they WHERE YOU

are not equally dependable or equally SEE THESE SIGNS economical. Today, Phillips 66 is a

better gasoline than ever. As a result

refining of improved methods it proSAFETY RULES:

vides still smoother antiknock perObey speed limits.

fast acceleration, formance, Use proper arm signals. and If police. notify an accident, have you rights motorists. the other Respect of great this power. improved Get car condition. your Use Keep good

line the side the of Stay on O fuel lubricants. dependable inand It's Phillips right Gasoline. for 66 clear. is not your view road whenin aheadright

at are wheel, the devote 9 you When car! your

all driving! attention signs. to stop signals your your and Obey

tJiearPioneersRexeveryAllenFridayand thenightSonsoverof theC. B. S. LUBRICATE FOR SAFETY EVERY WOO MILES

.::.::: ':.

Ki e the Still Waters The peaceful Indian Summer that precedes the furies of winter seems an especially good time for meditation..

'.'O: -:- for evaluating past achievements and envisioning future goals.

In setting your goals, remember that sound financial planning includes an adequate Insurance program.

mm

'Hi: '

*. ***%'-,

*4L "**%i

"..

D C CIAL LIFE Insurance Company eorge Albert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah