/llmprouementlEra

GENERAL CONFERENCE EDITION

m '*

m COMPANY SUPPLY FUELMOUNTAIN Utah and Wyoming Communities Serving Twentysix "as* *T&$?&

By DR. FRANKLIN S, HARRIS, JR.

'"Pwo new extremely effective rat poisons called 1080 and Antu, were Time out for a bite developed during the war. Teneighty,

socalled because it was the 1080th substance tested by the United States Fish calls for and Wildlife Service, uses sodium fluoroacetate and is so powerful that tests proved a pound would kill a million eight hundred thousand ground squirrels. Tests indicate that buildings

can be entirely freed of rats by the use of 1080poisoned water alone. Since

animals which eat the poisoned rodents are also poisoned, the poison should beprepared and set out only under responGRHHHMS sible, trained officials. This is important

since onefiftieth of an ounce is a fataldose for man. The other rat poison was /.PURITY

discovered by Dr. Curt P. Richter and

gets its short name from the first letters of alphanaphthyl-thiourea. Antu acts

on rats by causing dropsy of the lungs and is considered not to be dangerous to human beings. The rat, carrier of

typhus, plague, and a host of other diseases, is man's worst enemy among rodents which together cause an estimated two billion dollars damage in the world every year.

.* Tn the areas of Russia once occupied by the Germans the crop area is now sixtynine percent of that before the war, while for cereal crops it is seventy-seven percent. QUALITY

the most costly has been ma-"Dadium terial to commerce. few fijUUL THE known A

years ago it cost about two million dollars per ounce, with a profit of over a thousand percent. Radium now costs

only a small fraction of its previous price because of competition from radioactive materials produced by the splitting of uranium and other heavy elements.

HThe flounder of the flatfish family is so called because of its flattened body. It has an eye on each side of

the head, but when it comes to rest, one eye moves around until both are on the same side. The eye which is

always turned towards the light soon becomes colored; the other is always

hidden and remains white.

THAT'S WHAT YOU'"Pests at Oxford University have re-

A cently found that Vitamin C is GET IN found in the axon or long streamer part of the brain and spinal cord cells of the BENNETT GLASS & chick embryo, and to a lesser extent in PAINT CO.

the main part of many nerve cells. It 65 West First Southseems likely that Vitamin C may play PAINT at Bennett Branches and

as important a role in the development Dealers in Utah and Idaho of the nervous system as it does in bone and ZCMI Paint Department growth.

MAY 1946 257 Jke Ocover Site

This air view of Temple Square clearly showing the tabernacle, the temple, QnipMiucirtbra the assembly hall, and informaof bureau the of MAY, 1946 VOLUME 49, NO. 5 is the tion, work

Hal Rumel, adapted "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"for cover use by Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Charles Jacobsen. Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints

Jwiliqht FOR the first time By Josephine Hamlin Church jreaturei Y.M.M.I.A.,since 1941,the Y.W.the

M.LA., and the PriALONG the distant General Conference Addresses See Conference Index 259 maryJune conferencewill resumeactivitheir boundaries 266 Smith Albert Privileges Blessings George and ties. Our for dates The earth of

are conference June 267 Albert Smith smokecloud George of Testimony Value The 9. It will 8, 7, June hangs.

in Salt Clark, 268 Jr, convene Lake of Living Reuben Fruits Right The...J. the grayblue Beneath,

in City, the tabUtah, sleeps; water 269 Clark, Jr. Reuben First Great Cause The J. ernacle adjacent and purple the Above, buildings. those For 270 David C\ Sacrament Lord's McKay emerge. The peaks

to remain, desire who a soul Within my 272 institute David Centennial will O* McKay a Utah summer The silent and cool held be Monday, June peace; 276 A* the Widtsoe Faith Atomic John Under Bomb 10. a blood Within my

in Caffeine Reconciliations: There and Evidences insistent deep, CIV—Is

surge. Cola Drinks? John A, Widtsoe 305

Change of Address:

Gleanings from April 1946 AnAaronic 300 Fifteen days'notice renual General Conference 262 Ward Teaching 301 quired for change of adPriesthood: Melchizedek 298 The Church Moves On 303 dress. When ordering a

change, please include Editors stencil impression from a

George Albert Smith recent issue of the magaJohn A. Widtsoe specialspecial jreaLuredjreat cannotzine. Addressbe madechangesunless

the old as address well as Editor Managing 1, 1846of Centennial May Nauvoo Temple Dedication included. one is new Evans Richard L. L, Zobell, Jr, 292 the Albert 1946 May 1,

Associate Editor The Road Back Lincoln Thomson 293 ExecutiveOffices:and Editorial

Marba C. Josephson The Spoken Word from Temple Square 50 North Main Street,

General Manager Richard L. Evans 264, 296 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

1946 by MuInc., George Q. Morris M Men Basketball Les Goates 302 Copyrighttual Funds, a CorAssociate Manager Exploring the Universe, FrankCook's Corner, Josephine B. poration of the Young

Lucy G. Cannon lin S. Harris, Jr 257 Nichols 307 Men'sment AssociationMutual Improveof the

I Owe My Mother, of Christ of Jesus Church Business Manager On the Bookrack 265 What

Saints. All 287 O'Donnell Latterday William Giles John D.

Homing: Council Gives Tips Establishment of an Outpost, rights reserved. Subscription year, a price, $2.00 Safety 306 Associates Editorial On Summer Zobell, L. Albert Jr 287

in single advance; 20c

Elizabeth and 306 Your Ours Page How 352 copy.

Albert L Zobell,J. MoffittJr. Here's the Post at Entered

Harold Lundstrom Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass National for Acceptance Advertising (L-ditorials matter. Representatives special rate of mailing at

Francis M. Mayo,

Salt Lake City Statement on Welfare The First Presidency 304 sectionpostage 1103,providedAct offorOcin

Rededication Marba C. Josephson 304 tober, 1917, authorized

Edward S. Townsend, July 2, 1918.

San Francisco and The Improvement Era

Los Angeles is not responsible for unStories, loetru solicited manuscripts, but

Dougan and Bolle, welcomes contributions.

Chicago and With Love to Mother Maryhale Woolsey 284 All manuscripts must be New York suffiby accompanied Dearest Mother, Hamlin 258 T. Twilight, Josephine Thomas

for delivery cient postage Audit Bureau of Member, 260 306 Poetry Weir Page and return. Circulations Fringe, 264 Willes Green Eva Song, James J. Wood

Decision, Deon N. Olson 294 Wangsgaard 351

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ADDRESSES AND SUBJECT INDEX FOR APRIL CONFERENCE

Appreciation 266 Ashton, Marvin O. 324

Atomic age.276, 279

Benson, Ezra Taft, Letter from 287

Bowen, Albert E. 282

Brotherhood 283 Callis, Charles A 281 Church doctrine..268, 269

Church European Missions. 334

Church of the Air 276 Church welfare program 283 Clark, J. Reuben, Jr....268, 269

Constancy 279 Constitution, The 288, 289 Defense of Liberty, In, Mark E. Petersen—288

Evans, Richard L 264, 319 Faith 276 Field Is White Already to Harvest, Joseph Fielding Smith—-275

First Great Cause, The, J. Reuben Clark,

Jr. 269 Freedom.288

Fruits of Right Living.268

Hunter, Milton R.—.333

Initiative.319

In Defense of Liberty, Mark E. Petersen 288

Ivins, Antoine R. 3 16

Joseph Smith, the Prophet 282, 286, 290, 323, 329 Kimball, Spencer W 286 Kirkham, Oscar A..318

Lee, Harold B..283

Living In the Bonds of Brotherhood,

Harold B. Lee. 283

Lord's Sacrament, The, David O. McKay 270

Marriage 280 Martyrdom 286 McKay, David O. 270, 272

E.McKay, Thomas 334 I

F. 280Merrill, Joseph We could be wrong

Missionary service....266, 274, 281, 286, 318, 323, 327. 333

Pattern of 286 Martyrdom great many women agree that FelsNaptha is an extraPetersen, 288 A E Mark

Blessings and Privileges, George AlOur fine laundry soap. They tell us it makes washing bert Smith 266

Pioneers 278,—272, 279 easier. That it turns out whiter, sweetersmelling clothes.Pioneers and the Kingdom of God, The

Richards Stephen 278 L Rely the 289 That it's the best laundry soap they ever used. Lord, Joseph F. Smith Upon

Richards, George F. 274

Richards, LeGrand 291 Naturally, we think FelsNaptha Soap should be usedRichards, Stephen L 278

Romney, Marion G. 314 in every home—but we could be wrong.Sacrament 270, 314

Smith, George Albert -266, 267, 344, 347

Smith, Joseph 289 F You might find that the Fels combination of good

FieldingSmith, 275 Joseph Some Current Problems, Joseph F. Mermild soap and gentle, dirtloosening naptha doesn't

rill 280 Sonne, Alma 329 give you the extra washing help other womenSpiritual Safety, Charles A. Callis 281

Truth Will Prevail, George F. Richards..274

Unselfishness 276, 316 have discovered. You might want

CentennialUtah 272, 278 tell us why. But before you makeValue of Testimony, George Albert

Smith 267 324 up your mind—won't you give of Life, The 291,Way

to Peace,Way Widtsoe, John The,A John A. Widtsoe.—279276, 279 FelsNaptha Soap a trial?

Wirthlin, Joseph L 337 Word of Wisdom 280 Worth of Great Men, The, Albert E.

Bowen 282 Young, Clifford E 323 Young, Levi Edgar 290 Young, S. Dilworth 327

Note: In addition to the above complete addresses

by the General Authorities, addresses were deliveredby Elbert R. Curtis, Orlando C. Williams, David I. FelsNaptha Soap

Stoddard, Richard W. Madsen, Jr., William L.

not in thisWarner, which do appear issue, but which BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAYwill the later in appear conference pamphlet.

MAY 1946 259.

SEA GULL SOARING A BOY'S WISDOM

By Courtney E. Cottam By Anne Pendleton

the light was out and the spread up, ASYoueffortlesssoar andas a fall,windtossedthen catchleafyourself, Whenpulled

As if afraid, in lighting, you may die; Tucked tight around my chin,

o just snowflake, like gently, a vagrant smiled, and her eyes were mom My casserole.

soft; cloud, too soon from a lowering Serx 4 to 5. LoosedThen 6 minutes. grin; a little earth undulating with I gave toward You drift

rhythm.

One moment, hesitant, slow turning, For I thought I saw, kind of shining there,

Then gracefully you fan the sun to setting, A funny little tear.

And rest on the edge of the burnished world. Now why should she cry—grown up and

all? r7ji&s Oh, moms are pretty queer! PREDICAMENT

But if they are queer they're special, swell!

By Elaine V. Emans They love us a lot—and care;

I said I mywas prayer.kneeling down '"Phis* Finding,becomesas Ia do,problem, PerhapsShe cried—whenit was when

Silence never lovelier X7- -// Than when spent with you,-

How to say the myriad INCIDENT

Things I haven't told, Yet never mar nor tarnish By Ida Elaine James

like by me SweepingWhen Company Silence's gold! he from came Of wind a suddennowhere!—Igust had

. By Oca Pate Stewart Time to raise my eyes filled with his dust. drops in NEIGHBORS just

... it's consoling to have in have no right But in that second I saw within his eyes

filled with sudden glad surmy own I to your take house apart. What pantry a jar or two of the prise it falls, if But quickand-easyto-fix the should time to recognize youth take That I will build help you

a better one.

I have no right Old age with fleeting smile; for there were

important Much more if it fails, BONED TURKEY Butto trammel your faith. things ladies in his way! in hisNowwanderingsmy heart I will comfort you Than

It takes only a few minutes to with mine. sings

(try Souffle a Turkey whip up still of in eyes remnant a smile wet A to make or recipe above) I his "let knees,"whisper; "Bless skinny a InI askneighborliness,the same

Turkey Pie, just as you'd make of you. No harm come near him."Though he will

your favorite Chicken Pie. forget,

feet urgentpedalling shall remember SONG TO THE WIND I Everyone Likes Turkey distant street. Dwindling on a different,

but because a whole bird is so By Ruth Erickson I'll come this way again and find it sweet.

it except families have big, few is your litany, stirring the heart on Strange deliwith occasions. festive Now, of me,

ciously cooked, readyto-use LYNSurging unseen through the quivering tree;

DEN Boned Turkey, you can have Swinging and swaying, oh, wind, you are TESTIMONY?

turkey often. playing

The harp of a spirit untrammeled and free! By Elsie Chamberlain Carroll

No Work—No Waste—

ft fine lyre eye, for the from a naked too said. lives,"see she "You God know

high; invisible thinly reeds, through Just the finest light and dark FlungDrawn all through the hell brought boy I He my meat. in mist, of the touch your as Soft now to safe has This me. been war home

tryst, winged Sing me your lullaby, borne on a sigh! "One day his ship was bombed, and there

his die comrades by scores.

I prayed. heard lK FOR AtHe homesaw God my prayer. RICHES

i By Pauline Tyson Stephens The"Anotherbulletstimefellhein landedhissing whereshowers.

poor His life again was saved by prayer. HOW The man who has

A childhood memory "My faith a mighty bulwark stood this ghastly years. war's naught save city streets and walls Through

but good?"ought God is Can I say "yoi grocers OfOfstone!

How rich The man who has Through tears that burned and choked,

Jdynxteti GcuwUHtj, KitcUetU. A childhood memory unshed,

Of apple orchards blooming in I saw her placid face and turned away:

The spring. I also prayed. My soldier boy is dead.

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA y

BUILD UP YOUR WARD LIBRARY

... and your home library...

—for greater, more widespread understanding of Church fundamentals, Church

history and the lives of its great leaders... for sustained faith and zeal in teaching, promulgating and living the Gospel. From this partial listing of hundreds of

titles, an excellent basic library may be assembled. The listing also includes

splendid books for addition to libraries already established.

THE RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS the series of radio BIOGRAPHY AND HISTORY Fromof the Gospel. BytalksJosephon FieldingfundamentalsSmith ifIfljl mi7C

OF THE RESTORATION HANDBOOK THE COLONIZER BRIGHAM YOUNG, of compilation Complete Gospel discussed themes story of settlement the the great Utah and The vital authors. interest by to many Of pioneers. the the great leader basin by Howof illustrations. students. $2.50 Many in building directed empire dreary the the of an |l'd,uuflJO (\(\ Milton R. valleys. Hunter sagebrush By RELIGION OF FUNDAMENTALS

radio talks. BRIGHAM Clear, forceful presentations of basic principles of YOUNG, THE MAN the gospel. Seventeen inspiring CO A. Callis tfiOUfljl By Charles AND HIS WORK

inspirational Filled discourses from with passages GOSPEL STANDARDS of with historical data Brigham and on Young the essential teachings practical Contains and political of features salient his economic, and of philosophy the president of the seventh church, $2.50 policies. Preston social Nibley By

field the covering whole needs of human and <JJOH>&-&*JOC of the problems J. day. Grant By Heber JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET

in print. of only its kind Contains The book new PRATT'S ORSON WORKS material. Intimate, personalityrevealing items inspiring, Contains utterances powerful and writgive of the Prophthe understanding reader a fine of ings versatile remarkable, the of one most H>yJ*WCJO (\f\ life's et his Nibley work. and By Preston and ipA.iJU<JJO Cf| of leaders. erudite the great Church

CLASSICS THREE MORMON OF PROPHECIES JOSEPH SMITH THE favorites from Longtime George Q. Cannon's collection excellent utterances prophetic An series 70 faithpromoting great of their Prophet the and evidencesof years $2.50 Nibley ago. Compiled of bynearlyPreston nHmHJ01 Cfl L. Morris Nephifulfillment. ofBy

WITNESSES OF OF THE BOOK PERFECTION THE TO edition.WAY of brief Fifth discourses 350 pages Over MORMON

all interested in to dedicated themes, Gospel on that the awaited The Church has book been by of the living dead. the redemption and years. 100 Proves question more than beyond $1.50 Fielding Smith Joseph By that the the witnesses handled eleven and saw gold plates. Compiled by Preston Nibley $2.25

RELIGION UNDERSTANDABLE AN universal Concise, thorough discussion of the LIFE AND TRAVELS OF religion. doctrinal of concepts views and L.D.S. PARLEY P. PRATT talks. the series of radio Selected from

of this travels the Embraces and A. Widtsoe $1.50 John By

of outstanding apostle the Church. leaderlife, ministryand Illustrated. $2.50

LIFE C. HEBER KIMBALL OF SOCIAL AND DOMESTIC

edition of one of the Church classics. The New

inspiring greatest menstoryof ofhis aage."man BycalledOrson"oneF. Whitneyof the $3.00 YOUTH AND THE CHURCH

forthright discussion A new, searching, F. LIFE OF JOSEPH SMITH By Harold B.of Leethe tfXmtOCI "7C of modern youth. Inspiring, problems president Sixth An

.. faithpromoting. the absorbing biographyof the Church.

story of a great leader. By Joseph Fielding Smith $2.50

REFERENCE WORKS DOCTRINAL CONCORDANCE TO THE DOCTRINE

AND COVENANTS JESUS CHRIST of 60 years THE—thecompilationworks. the Messiah study of Should and His Mission according be ownedof painstaking,by everyonefaithfulwho A

to Holy Scriptures, both ancient and

E. Talmage By James modern. <jJOiJ>UUfin studies, writes or speaks on GospelBy John subjects.V. Bluth PO.UU<CQ flfi

JOSEPH THE PROPHET of teacnings, precepts the sermons The and BOOK OF MORMON in that live Prophet eternally cause him to the P*.wUCJI CO his hearts of people. Daxyl Chase

MORAL TEACHINGS OF THE NEW AThe VOICEtext of the BookFROMof MormonTHE inDUSTmodern literary TESTAMENT form. Many pictures amplify and explain the

What Jesus and the ancient apostles said to text. Effective in teaching children and interestsustain the spirits

to live the good life.of men andByto MiltonmotivateBennionthem N>*"JUGJl CfJ ing and enlightening matureArrangedreaders.by Genet Dee $3.00

CHECK THE TITLES YOU DESIRE, TEAR OUT PAGE AND USE IT AS YOUR ORDER BLANK

DESERET BOOK COMPANY The Book Center of the Intermountain West 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10. Utah

Enclosed is $ Send copies of each title as checked above.

Name Address MAY 1946 261 v - - GLEANINGS NO, MA'AM, THAT'S NOT HISTORY! frowiJipriii94 6Unfhtiua{,

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

A review of Mrs. Brodie's recent book,

answering her purported expose'. C/eneral Lonfe'-emnce

Just off the press. You'll want to

read it! The price, 50 cents.

is pleased to anBOOKCRAFT of the now Church nounce as its representative in Membership in the 811,045 reaches 979,454; Canada:

CANADIAN AGENCIES stakes; and 168,409 in the mis1809 Twelfth Ave. West, Calgary, Alberta sions.

All mail Canadian orders * * * should be addressed accordingly, for prompt, courteous servic e. Sixteen mission presidents from the

Fill out and mail this coupon North American continent missions were in attendance, in addition to Elder of the Mission director Colton, B. Don 18BDDKCRAFTRichards St., Salt Lake City 1. Utah Square Smith, Temple A. David Home;

Please send the books checked below: Mission.

Q No, Ma'am, By Dr.That'sHughNotNibleyHistory $0 50 * * *

Minute Sermons.00 presi- $1 mission appointed Six newly Compiled Albert by

L. in attendance: James were of Life F. Joseph SmithL. Zobell, Jr. so dents $2

By Joseph Fielding Smith Mission, Selvoy the French of Barker

Restoration of All Things $1.75 British Mission, the of WalBoyer By Joseph Fielding J. Smith

The to Perfection Way.50 $1 of the Czechoslovakian, lace Toronto By Joseph Fielding Smith of the Tongan, of Signs the Times.25 Evon W. Huntsman $1 Q

By Joseph Fielding Smith the Man and Dragon $2.00 OscarScott TaggartW. McConkieof the Swissof theMission.California, Dr. By John A. Widtsoe

Evidences Reconciliations and SI.85 * * * By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

In the Gospel Net.25 $1, Q

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe After ten years'successful operation,

Constancy Amid Change Albert By E. Bowen... $2,.00 the Church welfare fixed assets amount

Youth and the Church $1,.75 to $3,416,653.04, including Deseret InHarold B. By Lee Elevators, Mills dustries, Deseret and "and The Spoken $1..50 Word"D

By Richard L. Evans Factory, Clothing Deseret Emery and

... Hills the Unto $1, D investments. and other Mine,.50 Coal L. By Richard Evans

This Day and Always $1,.50

By Richard L. Evans

The Gospel Through the Ages. $1..30

R. Dr. Milton By Hunter of the welof the achievements Some

Brigham Young, Colonizer The cans $3..00 fare include: canning of 1,432,244 Dr. Milton By R. Hunter

in Utah Her Western Setting fruits, $3,.50 of vegetables, jams, milk, and

Dr. Milton R. By Hunter respreads; taking persons 1,340 from The Gospel Kingdom.25 $2.

By John Taylor lief rolls shipping years; three during

Discourses Wilford Woodruff carfive freight five within time weeks'Dr. G. Compiled ofby Homer Durham$2,.50

Gospel Standards $2.,25 clothing, three loads of of food and

By Heber J. Grant to helping clean up a at $83,255; Theirs Is the Kingdom,00 valued..$2.

vast flooded area on the north bench of $2.,00 City. Salt Lake D TheBy SusaPrinceByY. Wendell ofGates—LeahUr J. AshtonD. Widtsoe

Story The,25 $1. * * *

Eliza R. ofByJesus Snow SACRAMENTO The Quest $2. D missionninety-two,00 Five hundred I By Q. F. Ursenbach

Miracles Modem $1, 50 aries in serving missions already the are By Jeremiah Stokes STOCKTON of are additional the Church; 2,758 an Johnny $2,,00 G

ailed Cora Harriet Stradling J. by in the in missionary engaged work

.. Smith: Joseph ProphetStatesman 25 stakes. OAKLAND Dr. By G. Homer Durham * * * Military of Book Remembrance 50

By George R. Gygi

His Mansions Many 25 plus servicemen the 100,000 Of SAN FRANCISCO By Rulon S. Howells in the served and women who have Song Everlasting,50

By Paul Bailey five forces, thousand than more

Glory 50 armed For This My in lives their have given World War Paul By Bailey,50 II, it has been estimated by the Church Q The Gay SaintBy Paul Bailey

Thunder Cave,50 servicemen's committee.

By Jeremiah Sears Stokes—Jack Temples High $2,00 Standard Pullmans, ofBytheN. Most B. Lundwall

Discourses Pratt of Orson Compiled by N. Pullmans,

Discovers A Skeptic B.MormonismLundwall....$2S3,00,00 peopleOf specialin attendance.interest wereAtsomeleastof twothe Tourist

Riggs By enjoyed W. Hawaii from faroff members

at Dialogue GolgothaT. J3,00 atChair Car and were servicemen their attendance; Oscar By McConkie W.

Vision The $1,25 large numbers; in noticeably tending Diner B. By N.. Lundwall to attend, one groups came two Scout Assorted of,00 Priceless Value..$2 Gems

By N. B. Lundwall from Mt. Tabor Ward, Portland, OrePayment enclosed Q Send CO, D. gon; and the other from California; one

Name man in attendance had been to one

Address hundred thirty previous conferences this one making one hundred thirtyone that he had attended. WESTERN PACIFIC

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEACHINGS OF S CHURCH LEADERSLD

CONSTANCY AMID CHANGE, offering E. safe A. book by Bowen—a

.. to with doubt those guidance SEHMONSjust

to to turn, or what. which wonder wayfilled compilation who a Albertoff theL. by

of this storm. fast in time hold they of Zobell,press—isMINUTEJr., significant may quotations

from the sermons and -writing of This is a book you may well be proud to L.D.S. Church leaders, both past give—or to own. Price, $2.00.

and present. Here are short, clear

that statements or explain apply THE CHURCH, YOUTH AND truths effect. gospel with powerful forceful volstirring, B. Harold by Lee—a Particularly helpful to missionaries, the probyouth directed toward and ume teachers, speakers. and Convenient

. of the toward lems today way Price, $1.00. pocket size. of rich, danger-. living,. pointing successful warning

ous bypaths and pitfalls. Price, $1.75.

THE GOSPEL KINGDOM, by John of writings the pages and Taylor—400 F. LIFE THE SMITH, OF JOSEPH third of the president discourses the his is son Joseph Fielding Smith. by Here of inspired guidance wealth Church... ofa intimate an great biography leader, as applicable counsel as today and when sixth the of president the of Churcha and first $2.25. uttered. Price, here of principles revealed the. are. gospel.

as he taught and lived them. Price, $2.50.

THE DISCOURSES OF WILFORD direct, powerful teachTHE RESTORATION ALL OF WOODRUFF—the

of the fourth president of the Church Smith, THINGS, Fielding Joseph by a great leader the establishing Church ings—a series of 31 chapters powerful dealing iswith

is building This the West. and upin a principles of basic gospel. the These for library, choice or your as book own vitally are in important the messages

gift for $2.50. friend. Price, a a sin. crusade against unbelief Price, and

$1.75. GOSPEL STANDARDS, by Heber J.

to for long treasured volume be THE PERFECTION, by JosTO WAY itsGrant—avital, of teaching the gospel. dynamic

is Smith. Fielding eph Here an especially of are times our Here to our "messages

helpful of timely impelling volume and $2.25. generation."Price,

articles, forth vital setting principles the of the gospel. Price, $1.50. UNTO THE HILLS

THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, by JosTHIS DAY AND ALWAYS eph Fielding Smith, is an interpretation of... and "THE SPOKEN WORD"

the of confused state the and unhappy Richard L. Evans By

final of the world the unfolding as chapters incorporated In three these are volumes in life. the great of our earthly drama finest inof are that the thought gems Price, $1.25.

in worldthe cluded each morning Sunday

millions of listeners, Dr. countless a feature by DRAGON, famous Tabernacle Choir broadcasts. To AND THE MAN

of is the interlude of these performances A. Widtsoe. chest John Here is a treasure

of practical gospel themes applied to the the "spoken word,"by this noted author choice treasare three speaker. Here inand problems of today needs and... an

library exclusive teresting, ures stimulating Price, for the most $2.00. volume.

or the humblest home. Price, $1.50 each....

RECONCILIAEVIDENCES AND COLONTHE YOUNG, BRIGHAM

Dr. A. TIONS, Widtsoe, John by was Hunter. au- R. writIZER, Milton Dr. An by to in the recurring constantly ten response the of settling of Great thentic the account of those to questions want who know the leadpioneers under Basin Mormon by life situations the actual gospel meets how

. inspired of ership The Young. Brigham Price, $1.85. today.

is set. builder. of great the empire genius

IN THE GOSPEL NET, by Dr. John forth in its true light. Price, $3.00.

A. Widtsoe. Here

family Norwegian whois theheardstoryandof aacceptedhumble THE GOSPEL THROUGH THE the gospel. Every reader who traces his AGES, by Dr. Milton R. Hunter—official

ancestry long rememberto foreignthis landsintimatewilllifeenjoystoryandof quorumstextbook offorthetheL.D.S.MelchizedekChurch inpriesthood1946...

th( Widtsoe family. Price, $1.25. a thorough, authoritative work. Price, $1.30.

(See handy order blank on opposite page.)

BOOKCRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Spoken Word from Temple Square This Spoken Word was delivered

Sunday, April 7, 1946, in connection with the \\6th annual general conference.

Jlie IDutu to Warn—

the flower to -)caue Tt is not uncommon to hear an impatient parent deliver an ultimatum to a wilful child, perhaps with the familiar threat: "That's the last time I'm going

to tell you."What is to follow may be

specified or left to the imagination, but the note of finality is there. Weariness

and impatience often drive us to do or to say things we don't fully mean, and it is highly probable that it isn't the last time the parent in question is going to tell the child in question. Children have a way of needing to be told

often, and parents have a way of telling them often, far beyond that socalled "last time."From this common experience, it would not be difficult to imagine

a justifiable impatience on the part of our Father in heaven who has so long labored with his children and who has so often caused to be repeated the great truths of life, by his own voice and by the prophets he has raised up, and by

A new era in freedom of planning and operathe written record. And yet generation

tion on your ranch may open with your purafter generation, his children are as heedless as some of ours sometimes chase of an AllisChalmers AllCrop Harvester. seem to be. But the office of parentYou can plan to diversify with many new hood is not so much one of issuing ultiand profitable crops—and depend on the Allmatumsstriving asandit teaching,is one ofto longsufferingthe end not

Crop Harvester to put them in the sack in that children will be warned and distop condition. Moneymaking Guar and cabowned, but rather to the end that they

into being nurtured loved and be bage, beet, turnip, flower, legume and grass will

It is relatively be. they should what

seeds are good examples. These are just a few easy to say, "Do this, or else"—but 11?—in addition to the full range of cereals—insuppose they choose "or else"? Warnfills cluded in the more than 100 crops handled with ing a man and letting him take the conFLAX ROLL Attachment—unusual success by the All -Crop Harvester. necessarysequences wayis a ofgrimdoingthoughone'ssometimesduty, but

himself so to conduct him flax for handling Ideal heavy to roll ready crop persuading the You're day on the full yields. Consists of two conseto take that such won't have he

is is right, with that in a simply machine modern rolls length feeding mounted real is the of success quences measure roll cylinder. front of Lower easily serviced, requiring adjusted, "threshno to as parents and steel; Bolls of of rubber. upper satisfaction—with

are crushed between rolls. Feeding expert."their children, and with men as to all

ing to cylinder is regulated and other men. Indeed, the avowed purpose

controlled. You can meet and beat many adverse of God is to "bring to pass the immorcrop conditions. The AllCrop Harvester's tality and eternal life of man."( Pearl of

fullwidth spiral bar cylinder, allrubber shelling Great Price, Moses 1:39.) And surely man himself can have no greater purcontacts, airblast separation and closecutting pose with respect to himself, his chilheader equip you with valuable versatility. dren, and to all mankind. To warn is a

solemn obligation, but to save is a godTiming, diversification and quality threshlike achievement.

—April 7, 1946. ing are all in your favor when you own an AllCopyright. 1946.

Crop Harvester. Consult your AllisChalmers (See also page 296)

dealer now.

SONG

By James J. Wood

into garden flew; 7\ THRUSH my ALIISCHflLMERSI TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1. U, IE A. long, tarry He didn't

But ere he went away I knew The happiness of song.

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE WAR ON MALNUTRITION AND POVERTY (J. Murray Luck. Harper and Brothers,

New York. 1946. 203 pages. $2.60.)

* | 'his is an important book by the professor Ont&wkrack of biochemistry in Stanford University.

In thoroughly dependable chapters the evils

THE ROCKY MOUNTAINS URANIUM AND ATOMIC POWER oftionmalnutritionto poverty areis setshown.forth,Betterand theirnutritionrela-

(Wallace W. Atwood. The Vanguard (Jack DeMent and H. C. Dake. Chemical demands better incomes for average famiPress, New York. 1945. 324 pages. $3.75.) Publishing Company, Inc., New York. lies. Indirectly, this may be accomplished

""Phis is a book for all mountain lovers, and 1945. 343 pages. $4.00.) if the cost of food can be reduced. Thereto are brought cooperatives consumer is to fore, attempt TT'his to convey a successful outof-doors, for all the to respond who f the front the average as means by which living essential authority the informathe written average foremost on by man 4 the right the of food obtain family more may tion facts relative to the concerning atomic Universubject, the of the president Clark

better health. In consequently our and lips. kind, It sity. scientific informacontains power, which everybody's accurate is on now

ill the are poverty health day, and when is clearly well organized, written, tion concerning the from book Mountains, The Rocky this of people, of millions a portion tells It the in atomic presents into and newest Canada. Mexico howNew

Certainly book. a thoughtprovoking isway It is physics. timely decay, and a peaksmountains A. and grow how W. book.—/.concepts proto to curb poverty and found must be is in be. to done This and canyons came

J. A. W. easily simple underlanguage, supported by

It diagrams. the MINUTE SERMONS mote human health. tells also stood charts and

exploration; of mountainromance how to craft,(CompiledSalt Lakeby AlbertCity. L. Zobell, Jr. BookBIBLE FOR THE LIBERAL train, the joys of the campfire, form a pack

the dangers of the adventure, and the thrill 103 pages. $1.00.) (Dagobert D. Runes, Editor. Philosophical

of the trail. Human life as it is lived among TJTere, under more than sixty classified Library, New York. 1946.

the mountains by Indians, ranchmen, farm- * * and alphabetically arranged headings, 368 pages. $3.50.)

pictured. ers, miners, is well carry references, scripture of and tourists, which many

stories Breathless are to puncparagraphs songs found and cowboy some 217 be and Thisthe isBible.a selectionThe selectionof piecesapparentlytaken fromhas

tuate the human interest found on every sentences of instruction and inspiration from been made for the benefit of nonbelievers page. The book becomes an exhilarating all of the living General Authorities of the in the divine inspiration of the Bible. There

mountain trip. All the while, the spirit of Church, and from all past presidents of the are selections from the Pentateuch, Job,

the reader is made to brood over the mysChurch, and from others of the past General Psalms, Proverbs, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ecis tery of the past, small, the earth attractive, book when The was made Authorities.

It for fit habitation easily carried, read.a easily and man. J. A. W. has been Testamentclesiastes, andis representedthe Apocrypha.by extractsThe Newfrom

well put together by its compiler, Albert L. Matthew, and the thirteenth chapter of

it is size Zobell, of or not such Jr. While is all It Corinthians. letter to Paul's the EVERLASTINGSONG

it called entitle referas to to content a be transmaterial taken King James'from good (Paul Bailey. Lore Western Press, Los in of quotations genence broad and a work lation.—/. A. W. 1946.Angeles. $2.50.) 226 pages. its it will eral possessor sense, provide yet

real found? happiness can be quotable quotes with and some someWhere

spirational is in reading of time. inTO WHOM PALESTINE the This ageold a minimum theme problemof this compellingly interesting love story.—R. L. E. (Frank Gervasi. AppletonCentury Co.,

The approach to the answer is new but Inc., New York. 1946. 213 pages. $2.50.)

effective. a and boy Mormon Mormon A not has explosive problem Jewish LITTLE BOY THERE A ONCE WAS girl, The in the highly both music, one endowed,

last the warhor- solved. During been Illustrated. Kunhardt. Viking (Dorothy their literature, in joinother imaginative

in all the third of ror Eunearly one Jews 1946. York. Company, Newlives, in California face family, beget a and

of dead, disappeared, them no most rope pages. $2.50.) 67 life. of pressures the economic Always,

shall eyes Their they go? doubt. Whither it is this child's story, de- a is restless for the selfexpres- urgehowever, ALTHOUGH their Palestine, towards look more and more

toil, attentionsion. In the pursuit of of the serves grownups fame came who trustinformative, ancient homeland. This

faillives their frustration,separation, in live the achievement, of to Jesus wish make clearly simply written book, and worthy last, isure, teach. reunion. they children happiness or those and At may whom all field, will in to us help the expert an by gifts the to of to with deals be author man, he Jesusfound be beyond was when The Palestine problem. wide the understand The

is tells spiritual in fiveattained the realm. entered age. only of years he That She how will in interest present problems Jewish day

is everlasting. his nothingthe shop, father's carpenter There played he song how appeal. this authoritative give a wide book this thrilling really brothers, his learned story."preachy"with he younger about how A. W.

. his sheep, having mentioned, helped been mother ever about heWithout—J. how

stirring, tingling tasks, experiences,amidst he watched blood with household how finally his SMOKE OVER AMERICA revealed.the elements being planted, are seeds of joy and There are how

fine descriptive pictures of central Utah, mother told him the story of his own birth (Dr. Jesse Mercer Gehman. The Beoma

California, and Hollywood; and here and—and the story of the worshiping wise Publishing House. 1943. 572 pages.)

there discussions the present C. of /. and men shepherds.—M. evil for the author has tobacco fought HpHE their scene, raise heads. tenderproblems world'sA * this years. has assemIn he book many afterlife,laid will heart of the in the touch

reliable of concerninformation bled KING DAVID a mass THE It is reader. to readevery a good book

effect beings. ing the of tobacco upon human Press, Schmitt. Dial York. (Gladys New is old. Itfor experienced an and young

is It of the compilation the complete most 1946. pages. 631 $3.00.) his for peopleauthor's labor love own

intellectual convinces kind. book any The dealing the of novel with '"Phis Davidthe Latterday A. W. ofSaints.—/. injures mind, that reader and tobacco body -* it starting as maturity, does David when

it is it standards, that that an reduces moral is fast story. seventeen, a moving From was nation, the IN those toAGRICULTURE economical handicap and AN harpist, of the loved the complacency easy

in industry the tobaccoUNSTABLE engage have ECONOMY who assailed stricken the to king Nathan, by little their for fellow the welfare of concern Schultz. (Theodore McGrawHill W. stature, of great a person emerges David

is beings. to thing not one There be good Inc., York. Company,Book New it difficult find will readers although many tobacco. for said or chewing smoking1945. pages. $2.75.) 299 author's to analywith the agree completely

* | 'his, another research study of the Comsis. The natural affection between David The history of tobacco is also told here

*- mittee for Economic Development, and Jonathan is somehow distorted; the how it was discovered, its use in religious

practice—agriculture.touches the most fundamentalProfessor economicSchultz Goliatha recordstoryof David'sis entirelyachievement;discarded asandbeingthe ceremonies,to its use, thethe fightoppositionof modernof ancienteducators,rulers

presents not only the essential conditions David of this book does not measure to the physicians, and scientists to present the truth for success in agriculture, but also points majesty of the singer of sacred songs who in the face of ceaseless opposition, the unout the place of agriculture with the other is found in the scriptures. believable efforts of large tobacco interests

economic activities of the nation. In this The author's power is undeniable and her to enslave boys and girls, men and women,

jittery, trembling time, we need to look writing good, but her ability, great as it by the tobacco habit, the close association intelligently into the agricultural conditions is, does not reach the exaltation of the of juvenile delinquency with the use of toof today and tomorrw. The book is brim Biblical account. For those who do not read bacco, and the startlingly huge profits of the

full of valuable information.—/. A. W. the Bible, this novel has merit. M, C. ]. tobacco interests. J. A. W.

MAY 1946 265 Our blessings

when they pray, they pray to their Father in heaven knowing that their prayers will be answered in blessings upon their heads. We live in a day when the

scripture is being fulfilled among the nations wherein the Lord said through one of his prophets, that in the latterday, "... the wisdom of their wise men

shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid."( Isaiah

29:14.) With all the wisdom of the

world, no group thus far has been able to point the way for peace with the certainty that it is the way. We who

are assembled here this morning are fortunate to know that there is a way for peace that alone will produce results, and that way is to keep the commandments of God as revealed to

PRESIDENT the children of men anciently and in

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH our day. If that way were followed, all

the problems that are so serious in the world could be solved, and peace would come to this unhappy earth.

So, this morning, under the influence of prayer, coming as we have come to wait upon the Lord, surely his promise will be fulfilled to us that when even two or three shall meet together in his name, he will be there to bless them.

Address delivered at the Friday fields are represented by those who What a comfort it is to realize that morning session of the 116th have gathered for conference; many of there is no mistake about it, that we

annual general conference, you have come a long way to be present are the children of our Heavenly FaApril 5, 1946, in the this morning. ther, that he does love us, and because

Tabernacle For the comfort of those who are of his anxiety for our peace and welhere or who may be listening in who fare, in our day, sent another prophet

Christ of restore the gospel Jesus to in the representatives missionary have this would morning audience audivine in the to place Church and to pleased are Islands, Hawaiian weThis thoughtful to inspiration any be an times, ancient of thority, that as men, rethis that morning inform you we

I in stand and world. the person As in officiate priesthood and the hold may to the cablegram ceived from Hawaii a

the realize that at faces andlook your of our of the gospel ordinances the considthere been that effect while has least there is ( at filled capacity, tohouse asthat other have people Lord. destrucwrought, erable much damage No of parts in various standingare people

the building who have not yet obtained seats) and this on a busy weekday when so many people are occupied with \K7im the confusion and uncertainty that exist to leave unable andother affairs their everywhere, surely we are blessed who are perthis fine attendance thathomes, I know indicates a faith that is commendable. mitted to assemble....

I am sure we have been uplifted by the glorious music of our singing mothers this morning, representing the greattion of property, and some loss of life surance as we have it. I do not say

est women's organization in all the among our members, all the missionboastfully, but gratefully, that we world given to the work of charity and aries are reported safe. know there is a God in heaven, that he

uplifting womankind. This group this is our Father, that he does interest himmorning who have just sung to us rep- "\T7ith the confusion and uncertainself in our affairs, and he has done that

resent this particular region; and if you "ty that exist everywhere, surely ever since the world began, when his

were to travel in different parts of the we are blessed who are permitted first children were placed upon the world, even into the South Seas, you to assemble under this spacious roof earth.

would find a group of singing mothers this morning in worship. What a One of his prophets long ago made

in the various missions of the Church, privilege it is to live in an age of the statement, and it has been fulfilled who sing the same music that we sing the world when we know that God literally, "Surely the Lord God will do here, but the hymns have been translives, when we know that Jesus Christ nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto lated into their own languages, and they was the Savior of the world and our his servants the prophets."(Amos 3:

rejoice in singing praises to our HeavRedeemer, and when we know that the 7.) All the important things that have

enly Father. Lord continues to manifest himself to happened in the world up to now have

I wonder if there are any people in all his children who have prepared thembeen foretold by the servants of the the world who have as great reason to selves to receive his blessings! I am Lord, and the things that are occurring

be thankful as this group assembled looking into the faces of a great audiand that will occur that are important here this morning. Coming from varience this morning, most of whom enjoy will be revealed, if they have not alous parts of the world, various mission the inspiration of the Almighty, and ready been, before those things occur.

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that have already been offered and that will continue to be offered, not only by those who speak audibly but by those who come here with a prayer in their of the the Spirit that hearts. I pray

and abiding our homes be inAND PRIVILEGES Lord may places, that there may go out from this {-resident Ljeome ifimfl Smitk greatenrich conferencethe lives ofinfluencesthose presentthat shalland & absent, that day by day we may let our light so shine that others seeing our

I think it is marvelous to know how world. Many people have come here on goodfy theworksname ofwillourbe HeavenlyconstrainedFather.to gloriclose tourists, are Father, as to our they Heavenly and as weekday a busy we

it is also think deplorable this I pray that his Spirit may be here in the and I of under that have shadow come this that may day rich we abundance appreciate near building the not of us some do through roof and looked how inits influence be and of partake failed for the this he is, reason organ, have great with seen and have that we that power under informed structed and in his quiet, cases to to of everything up measure them have many many us a lives give and enrich our will that counsels. inspiration wise tears to the by been moved

to able that are gratitude feeling of we here. that found they have and influence

that the Lord and this morning, here be live in the land wonderful most daughters as sons are here and YKJz We to his peace blessing and his add may '""... trying all to the our Living of in God, work world, the a land which and sons our Father's and upon you be life until shall is all through be lands,"other choice (Ether above we way

2:10) so stated by a prophet. Advanworthy of an exaltation in the celestial daughters everywhere.

How I pray in my soul this morning in your hearing that the President of hat a privilege it is to live in an age of the workingthe UnitedwithStateshim mayand thoselive inwhosucharea world when we know that God lives, when we way that the power of the Lord will not be that they them, may with know that Jesus Christ was the Savior of the be afadjust that they but misled may so world and our Redeemer, and when we know fairs at the seat of government that the that the Lord continues to manifest himself people of this nation will be blessed desire to honor God their of to his children who have prepared themselves because that and his commandments, and keep to receive his blessings. these and all other blessings may be

ours. of our this morning thinking am wartorn various in the people tages are enjoyed by the people in this kingdom. What a privilege it is! Oh, poorI

it this particumorn- appreciate hemisphere, great and western I hope we how daily from almost hear countries. We

will appreciate of to States ing continue the United America and not have people from source who it as some

I blessearth! live the as hope long and and upon we as their bodies nourish to larly Canada—opportunitiesin food enough

ings that are not known in many parts that during the sessions of conference they should be nourished, people who of the world. We are permitted to worwe may all come prepared to be fed are wearing the same clothing they

ship God according to the dictates of the bread of life. I hope that we will wore when the war broke out and have

our consciences. We can make our adcome with a prayer in our hearts that no way of replacing it, people whose

justments according to his rules and those who address us may be inspired, homes have been blown to bits by regulations and not be interfered with that they may draw the inspiration bombs and destroyed by the great war.

by those who are godless and who are necessary from our Heavenly Father Those people this morning, many of antiChrist in their attitude toward the to feed his flock. If we shall do that, them, knowing where we are, are prayhuman family. So this morning I feel when conference has been concluded, ing that they too may be inspired. We that I am talking to a great family. We and the last prayer has been offered, are blessed, brethren and sisters, and I

are all brothers and sisters. We are there will return to our homes in the pray that we may appreciate our blesshere to worship. This is not merely a valleys of these everlasting hills and in ings and live to be worthy of them in

convention. This is a conference of the the other states and territories and misthe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

representatives of the Church of Jesus sions represented here, men and women

Christ of Latterday Saints, who have who have realized fully and completeVALUE OF TESTIMONY \XE who are assembled here this morning are fortunate to know that there is a way for Ow frediaent Ljeorae flbert Jmith peace that alone will produce results, and that way is to keep the commandments of God as Addresseveningdeliveredsession atof thetheSaturday116th revealed to the children of men anciently and annual general conference, in our day. April 6, 1946, in the

Tabernacle

come from their homes into this edifice ly that we waited upon our Heavenly am sure, my brethren, this has been which has been rendered sacred by Father and he did not disappoint us. a joyous experience to all of us, to

those who have spoken from this very I be here in the house of the Lord pulpit and who have assembled here Tt is not my purpose to talk long this and rejoice in his blessings. I want to

ever since this building was conmorning. I greet you and welcome emphasize what President Clark has

structed. It was erected in the poverty you on behalf of the Church and say said to the effect that this is the gospel

of the people, and no other place like to you, it is a joy to look into your faces of Jesus Christ, that it is the power of it may be found in all the world. Often and be with you to worship and wait God unto salvation, that Jesus Christ

when it is vacant, there is a spirit here upon the Lord, with the assurance that was our Elder Brother and lived upon that you will find in few places in the he will hear and answer the prayers {Continued on page 332)

MAY 1946 267

The fruits of right

Dm president A. i\euben, Llark, dr.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Peace I leave with you, my peace I give Shortly after Jesus began his mission, unto you: not as the world giveth, give I you remember, he chose certain of his

heart your Let not unto you. be troubled, apostles, afterSimon, them and among

let it 14:27.) afraid. neither be (John his Peter, wards called Andrew and

\T7e may all have the knowledge brother. He had met them before he

'"it had. Indeed which Job is the bychosethemthem.as theyButwereon thatcastingday theirhe camenets Latterthe right duty of but only not

sea, fishermen, for into the they were that gain knowledge. Saints to As day

said apparently they to them, as and he fail that gain to knowledge, we fail we into the water: out walked fruits, the blessings the enjoy to reap

which the gospel has for us, and they... Follow me, and I will make you fishers

will come to us, that blessing, those of men. (Matt. 4:19.)

fruits, if we live as we should. And unquestioning, filled with the same

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

"VVe may all have the knowledge which Job had.

brothers and sisters, I sincerely had, put of testimony they of which thought a number I have often trust Job that your sushave I mayMY aside their nets the possession indicate followed Jesus, even and that instances faith which taining prayers and what I shall say today will be uplifting, of that testimony of Job, instances conuntil the day, after his death, when upbuilding, and encouraging. If I cannected with the life of the Savior in the Peter and others, thinking the work

not achieve that, as an instrument in Old World; instances where men and was done, went fishing.

his and Jesusthe of then was the Lord, hands knew who women my time of the experience of the centhink his after earliest, the mission. will ofspent wasted. be One

ill. turion visit whose of A["servant was vision Apthe times, birth, following that and are troublous times These

try the souls of all of us. We all need the shepherds, was that which occurred parently scarcely knowing the Savior,

help, even the most happy of us. There in the temple when Jesus was taken yet he sent to him, telling the Savior,

is a pall of sorrow, apprehension, and there to fulfil the requirements of the through the Jews whom he sent to caranxiety that overshadows us, and there Mosaic law. There came into the ry the message, that his servant was ill

is only one way in which we can get retemple, at that time, one Simeon, to and he wanted him healed. Jesus started

toward the home, but the centurion sent word to him:

J\ll shall die; all shall lie in the tomb; all shall be... Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not

resurrected, save only those who may be worthyroof: that thou shouldest enter under my

"caught up"at his coming. Wherefore neither thought I myself

worthy to come unto thee: but say in a

word, and my servant shall be healed.

I set also authority, For under a am manlief therefrom. replying that revealed Ghost had the Holy Job of old, whom

I soldiers, under and unto say me threeto the of his before not see he cruel accusations death he should had havingone, another, goeth; to Go, and he and

friends, said: seen the Lord, Christ. And when he Come, and he cometh; and to my servant,

into the the infant temple and came saw it. this, he doeth and Do I liveth, that redeemer For know my and Jesus, he took

latter that shall the at he stand upon day said those to and Jesus about him the earth:... in his arms, blessed him God, and up

I I unto say you, found not have so great after destroy skin said, though worms and And my faith, in no, Israel. not 7:6-9.) (Luke I this shall flesh see lettest body, yet Lord, thy God: depart thou servant in my now

in peace, to thy according word: I shall for myself, see mine and Whom testiservant healed. Another The was seen thy salvation, mine eyes For have shall another; behold, though noteyes and in it having the elements of Job's! mony the face hast before thou prepared Which reins 19: within me. consumed be (Jobmy too, the the story of I remember, of all people;2527.)

A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the Greek woman, the Syrophenician

In that great declaration Job gave us glory of thy people Israel. (Luke 2:2832.) whose daughter was afflicted. The col-

a complete picture of Jesus the Christ, the Messiah, the Redeemer, of his death, of his atonement thereby, of his 'J'ruth is never made error because somebody resurrection, all of which were made denies it.

fully operative upon Job, and even as upon Job, so upon all the rest of mankind. All shall die; all shall lie in the Thus to him came a testimony like loquy between the Savior and this

tomb; all shall be resurrected, save only unto Job's. woman constitutes, I think, the only

those who may be "caught up"at his instance where a question was put to coming. That is the message; that Anna on the same occasion, that the Savior to which he did not have

knowledge of Job is the knowledge good woman who had dwelt in and some reply. She asked him to heal her

which in these sorrowing days will give about the temple for years, came in and daughter. At first he answered her not

us peace and comfort. As the Savior declared that she saw the redemption a word. Then she worshiped him, and

said: that was to come to the world. he said:

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

some sections, are without homes. the things of God are foolishness to

Many, indeed all in some sections, are men. But we who have the testimony

hungry, and without clothes. Yet they of the spirit, we know that foolishnessLIVING have held to their testimonies, out of to men may be the greatest wisdom to

which have come cheerfulness and reGod; and we know we may enjoy that

Address delivered at the Saturday signation, and faithfulness. They have spiritual blessing and knowledge if we

morning session of the 116th worshiped the Lord; they have kept his shall but so live that the Holy Ghost

annual general conference, commandments, even under the most may reveal to us the Father and the

April 6, 1946, in the dire circumstances. Son, and the testimony thereof, and

Tabernacle It is our right, as I have already said, bring to us that peace to which I have it is indeed our duty to gain that testialready referred, which Jesus promised mony for ourselves. Some may scoff, Peace I leave with you, my peace I give

some may doubt, some may declare that unto you: not as the world giveth, give I

heart be troubled, not you. your Let truth is unto our principles are false, but It is not take the children's to meet...

let it afraid. 14:27.) neither be (John because never somebody made error bread, to cast dogs. it to and

denies it. I commend to you to read That the Lord will give us this testiShe replied: what I had intended myself to read, but mony, which I declare to you is my

... Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the there is not time, the eleventh and foltestimony, so that we may live in peace

crumbs which fall from their master's table. lowing verses in the second chapter of and happiness, that our hearts may be

I Corinthians, in which Paul says encouraged in this time of stress and

And Jesus said: For what man knoweth the things of a trouble, that we may look with confidence future, is the spirit serene to secure the in and him? of save which man

is great thy faith: be it unto man, O woman, things the of so even man, knoweth no in us, God the that knowledge knows God wilt. thee as thou 15:2628.) (Matt....even

Spirit the of but (I Cor. 2:11.) God. his children, are that that he and we

She, too, had a testimony like unto We must be prepared, as Paul there will bless us if we keep his commandJob's. indicates to the Corinthians, to be conments, I humbly pray in the name of

And then later comes the incident with sidered as foolish, for he tells us that Jesus. Amen.

Peter, the great Peter, as I estimate him, to whom the Savior gave the name

Cephas. After Jesus and the apostles

visiting, in Galilee, out had they been THE FIRST GREAT CAUSE coast Philippi, to the came of Caesarea and, apparently stopping to rest, Jesus world on that record. I am grateful to

said to them, seemingly addressing Dm fredident /7. r\eu,ben \-*lark} dr. you brethren for your integrity, your

Peter honesty, and your truthfulness which at delivered the Saturday represents a long step toward the unity session the Whom do men say that I the Son of Addressevening of 116th to already which I have referred. man.. am?. general annual conference,

And they said: April 6, 1946, in the T thought tonight that I might read a

Tabernacle little scripture to refer then and you that art Baptist: the say thou Some John to a matter to which referred I have beothers, Elias; some, Jeremias, and or of one I sentito renew a you Brethren, is fore and which very to near the prophets. my heart. I I that think expressed have ment

I reading from am saith them, Nephi, unto Second But 26th say ye He whom this great time every met I have

I that chapter am? verse: and 20th

I since the opof priesthood, group had

Peter, apparently without hesitation or portunity to address you. It is a great And the Gentiles are lifted up in the pride

their of eyes, and stumbled, have because spirit feel to you, with joy to be equivocation, your said: answered, and

the of greatness their of stumbling block, to inspiration the which enjoy and that. they built have art churches; up the the Christ, of the many Son Thou I presence. your comes from renew nevertheless, they put the living down power.. God. and

I often the that again thought so have miracles of and God, preach up unto said themunto him, answered Jesus and And

Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh expressed that if we could bring real selves their own wisdom and their own

and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, unity, the unity of one man, into the learning, that they may get gain and grind but my Father which is in heaven. (Matt. priesthood of this Church, we would upon the face of the poor.

16:1317.) wield an influence that would affect the Paul, writing to the Galatians, said in

affairs. of cannot course world do We: verses oft quoted us by until this, that time that message "pROM

it it until will not so are and do we rung through the has cenBut though down or we, angel an from heaven, it It is is belief united. that our opmy preach other turies, gospel any pointing to us unto out that than you how may we only, portunity, not also but duty our which have let preached unto we you, him that get that comfort consolation to and responsibility to old come, as the and accursed. be is child which of each and every God expression the went, unity of "to a said I before, As so we say again, now entitled, without not and which may we I faith."that believe If cannot the Lord preach any man any other gospel unto or gain exaltation. be our happy That that if than let guiltless will you received, us have ye hold not do him do we

the that testimony behind was be was accursed. this. It is the obligation of those who

this those Church, founded from who For persuade do or men, I now or God? the of Priesthood bear Holy God.

all to I seek if I please do to the Prophet down, yet men? for and Joseph pleased

that believe, even the last ordained Yesterday, in an aside comment I men, I should not be the servant of Christ.

among us. It is the testimony that made, as I was reading the financial re- (Galatians 1:8-10.)

buoyed up the Saints as they traveled port, I did you brethren an injustice. I I will now read from Second John:

this wilderness I said that think through the financial to that our misto come deceivers are For many entered into the trials, their their in this through carrying haps desert—all tremendous on all world, that not who confess Jesus Christ

tribulations and persecutions in Ohio, expenditure and collection of funds come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and anis

Illinois, Missouri; it is the testimony would not exceed one tenth of one perantichrist.

that is buoying up our Saints today in cent. In the last ten years there has Look to yourselves, that we lose not those

Europe under all of their hardships and been just a little over in mishap, eight things which we have wrought, but that we desolations, and these are as grievous tenthousandths of one percent, and out receive a full reward.

transgresseth, Whosoever and abideth all that the of as to of those any great have handle come these any who in the not doctrine Christ, of hath not God. is suffar as children is of so physical there men, funds not one unman who that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, He he

I fering redislike are der concerned. bond. and to boast ourOur about woe hath both the Father the and Son.

ports indicate that many, and most in selves, but I think we may challenge the {Continued on page 330)

MAY 1946 269

The lord's

bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unturned it over to him; we call it his

worthily, shall be guilty of the body and house. Well, you may rest assured that

of Lord. the blood if inspire us there will come to be we

himself, so and let examine But a man are him. to attune let hein meet proper We that of drink that of bread, and eat him if bring him to meet prepared we not

(I 11:2328.) Cor. cup. regarding thoughts that our into room

NJo more sacred ordinance is adminour business affairs, and especially if "istered in the Church of Christ than we bring into the house of worship feelthe administration of the sacrament. It ings of hatred towards our neighbor, or

was initiated just after Jesus and the enmity and jealousy towards the AuTwelve had partaken of the last supthorities of the Church. Most certainly

per; and the Saints in the early days no individual can hope to come into

followed that custom. That is, they ate communion with the Father if that in-

"'J'he strength of ILion is to put on the power of the priesthood"

PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY before they administered the sacrament, dividual entertain any such feelings.

but that custom was later discontinued They are so foreign to worship, and so by instructions from Paul to the Saints foreign, particularly, to the partaking

Address delivered at the Saturday to eat their meal at home so that when of the sacrament.

meet the might session they for worship of evening met 116th they to too little attention pay T think we the sisters conference, on general and brethren annual of as a body * a principle meditation, of the value the in sacrament the of 6, 1946, April partake level to same

Tabernacle in remembrance of the life and the of devotion. In our worship there are

death, particularly the death of their two elements: One is spiritual commedita- arising our from own munion the Lord. occasion, one on others, instruction from other, the tion; fundamentally things three areWhen, There was asked Smith Joseph Prophet auhave those particularly from who adminthe with associated important of strength the of meaning the the us. instruct Of first is and to guide thority sacrament. The the istration of replied:Zion, he introspectively profitable more two, the introspection. is It selfdiscernment.

The strength of Zion is to put on the pow- "This do in remembrance of me,"is the meditation. Meditation is the laner of the priesthood. but we should partake worthily, each guageof the soul. It is defined as "a

spiritual devotion, or of private to respect form with himself examining one strength that radiate brethren, continuedYou, in deep, consisting exercise, worthiness. his presyour in be can onetonight. religious No reflection some on made; is a covenant there Secondly, Church, the of priesthood the asence prayer. of is a form Meditation promise. theme."We than a more even covenant a representing building, and this filling having any without prayers can say of hand, some your up have held You feeling without others, ofthousands

heartfelt gratitude for the privilege of being numbered with you. God bless

in theyou! Mo more sacred ordinance is administered

words few to say a tonight, I desire, sacChurch of Christ than the administration of the of administering the regarding rament. In so doing it is not my purpose the sacrament.

to repeat the excellent sermon delivered yesterday by Elder Marion G. Romney

say prayers can signing a spiritual if I when in England or, if response. We but subject, may be you, that same on

king in Hamlet who Bible, as the unrighteous on the gathering this your hand put spirit of document, the with blessed fly words or said: up, my thoughts promise "My your of value the I desire signifying the Lord, of the inspiration and

thoughts without below remain this in-: Words All took. address. that you timely of the oath that supplement to

go."to heaven never of a covenant. sacredness the in this life is the dicates comfort The greatest

contrasting the outward poet, in life The relationship nothing more important close There is of having assurance with God. I am speaking to men who than that. Until the nations realize the form of worship, and the prayer of the

know what that experience is. The value of a covenant and promises and soul, said:

sacrament period should be a factor in conduct themselves accordingly, there The Power, incensed, the pageant will awakening this sense of relationship. will be little trust among them. Instead desert,

there will be suspicion, doubt,- and The pompous strain, the sacerdotal stole;

in which night the same Jesus the... far apart, Lord in cottage haply, some But "scraps of paper,"agreements, signed

bread: took betrayed the of he wellpleased, the hear, language was May their word. value not they do because brake thanks, he given had he soul, when And as be should promise, covenant, a body, A this eat: is my it, said, Take, of inmates poor Life the and in His Book And is inprinciple life. That as sacred in rememthis do for you: is broken which enroll.

brance of me. volved every Sunday when we partake (Burns, "The Cotter's Saturday Night."

After the same manner also he took the of the sacrament.

cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup Thirdly, there is another blessing, Meditation is one of the most secret, ye, this blood: do in testament is my the which through doors sacred new relationship we is most of close sense a that and

of me. it, remembrance in drink oft as ye as the Lord. Jesus into of presence the is opportunity pass an There Lord. the with bread, this and eat as often ye as For as us. for he soon the set was example As to oneself comand with to commune death Lord's the shew do this ye cup, drink Father's the apreceived baptized in and the meet Lord. the with mune We till come. he

in is Son, proval, Beloved "This is to him; dedicated my have that this we shall house eat whosoever Wherefore

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

when your heart is heavy because of some tragedy in your life. I repeat, the

greatest comfort that can come to us inSACRAMENT this life is to sense the realization of communion with God.

Great testimonies in those have come Bu President Ibauid 0. WjcJ(a It is just such an experience y moments.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY as that which came to my father in the north of Scotland when, as I have told some of you before, he prayed to whom I am well pleased,"Jesus re- I believe the short period of adminGod to remove from him a spirit of paired to what is now known as the istering the sacrament is one of the gloom and despondency that overmount of temptation. I like to think best opportunities we have for such whelmed him. After a night of worry

of it as the mount of meditation where, meditation, and there should be nothing and restlessness, he arose at daylight during the forty days of fasting, he during that sacred period to distract and repaired to a cave on the shore of communed with himself and his Father, our attention from the purpose of that the North Sea. He had been there beand contemplated upon the responordinance. fore in prayer. There, just as the rays

sibility of his great mission. One result One of the most impressive services of the morning light began to come over

of this spiritual communion was such I have ever attended was in a group of the sea, he poured out his soul to God strength as enabled him to say to the over eight hundred people to whom the as a son would appeal to his father.

tempter sacrament was administered, and durThe answer came: "Testify that Joseph

is Smith a prophet of God!"cause The that administration not sound a.. thee hence, it. Get is ing Satan: for flashing of his discouragement his upon heard be excepting the ticking of written, shalt Thou the worship thy Lord mind, he it said aloud: is "Lord, the souls, hundred shalt and God, him only of serve. each thou (Matt. couldclock—eight enough!"least 4:10.) at had whom the opportunity of

communion with the Lord. There was There are those in this audience who

Before he gave to the Twelve the no distraction, no orchestra, no singknew my father and can testify to his beautiful sermon on the mount, he was ing, no speaking. Each one had an opintegrity and his honesty. A testimony

in solitude, in communion. He did the portunity to search himself introspecof that kind has one hundred percent

same thing after that busy Sabbath day, tively and to consider his worthiness or value.

These secret prayers, these conscientious moments in meditation, these covenant, a promise, should be as sacred as yearnings of the soul to reach out to life. feel the presence of God—such is the

privilege of those who hold the Melchizedek Priesthood.

in he arose early when the morning, unworthiness to partake of the after having the been guest of sacraMow I know that some of you are Peter. ment. the privilege His was of getting

Peter undoubtedly found the guest closer to his Father in heaven. That is torintensifysaying thatto yourselves,feeling of communion.""music helps chamber they sought empty, and when ideal!

him they found him alone. It was on When you stop to consider the matter,

that morning that Peter said: JDrethren, we recommend that we you realize that there is nothing during

the administration of the sacrament of this surround sacred ordinance with... All men seek for thee. (Mark 1:37.) an extraneous nature so important as more reverence, with perfect order, that

Again, after Jesus had fed the five each one who comes to the house of remembering our Lord and Savior, thousand he told the Twelve to dismiss God may meditate upon his goodness nothing so worthy of attention as considering the value of the promise we the silently multitude, but Jesus to the and and went prayerfully express apare making. should disanything Why preciation for solitude. mountain for historian God's The goodness. the Let

says, "when the evening was come, sacrament hour be one experience of tract us? Is there anything more subhe was there alone."(Matt. 14;23. the day in which the worshiper tries at lime? We are witnessing there, in the

Meditation! Prayer! least to realize within himself that it presence of one another, and before

is possible for him to commune with his him, our Father, that we are willing to

T once read a book written by a very God. take upon ourselves the name of Christ,

wise man, whose name I cannot now Great events have happened in this that we will aways remember him, alrecall, which contained a significant Church because of such communion, ways, that we will keep his command-, chapter on prayer. The author was not because of the responsiveness of the ments that he has given us. Can you,

a member of the Church, but evidently soul to the inspiration of the Almighty. can anybody living, who thinks for a

had a desire to keep in close communion I know it is real. President Wilford ismoment,more sacredplace beforeor moreus anythingfarreachingwhichin

our lives? If we partake of it mechanisay, let us Jeditation is one of the most secret, most wecally,arewepermittingare not honest,our thoughtsor, to be

sacred doors through which we pass into the distracted from a very sacred ordipresence of the Lord. nance.I was speaking recently to one man

about this. He said: "Oh, but the

beautiful music of the choir helps to us with find God, to he the and wanted gift that Woodruff to had great ex- a concentrate."Concentrate on what? truth. other things said in tent. he Among could respond; the he He knew beautiful more The the music, the more substance: "still small voice"to which are some is attention your it, attracted to the to

In secret prayer into the still close room, go strangers. find will that You when player, or to the it If is composer. the door, pull the shades, kneel and down these inspirational most moments come beautiful music played, poorly then the in the center of the room. of period a For to that are you alone you with yourdiscord distracts attention. your five Have minutes or so, nothing. say think Just self and your to God. They you come that in music of preparation for to has up the what of you, done God are what

your greatest spiritual and temporal needs. probably when you are facing a great moment, yes, but when the prayer is

When you sense that, and sense his prestrial, when the wall is across your said, and that young priest speaks for and it seems that ence, then pour out your soul to him in pathway, you are us, as he does, then that remember we thanksgiving. insurmountable facing an obstacle, or (Concluded on page 330)

MAY 1946 271 Address delivered at the Sunday our wagons. To bring these first wagons

morning session of the 116th to the Pacific, we have preserved the over herding strength of our them mules by general annual conference, laboriously tracts, large have which you THE UTAH in the 7, 1946, April four loss. of garrison without guarded The

Tabernacle presidios of Sonora concentrated within the walls of Tucson gave us no pause. We

citizens the unmarked intercourse with was remaining scarcely a year now in passed, legislature 1939 the When injustice. marching, ofMY brethren and sisters, as there is drove them out, with their artillery, but our Original Plans Thus single act a by preparato complete in which bill, setting the signed the governor living halffed, upon and and and halfnaked

celebraCentennial the tions for Utah the Centen1947 for year the of a part discovered and made animals, have wild we tion, it has been suggested that I take a road of great value to our country. nial, the commission thereby apthis occasion to make a few comments pointed conceived elaborate plans.

on that important event. In the month Worthiness of the Pioneers An interstate committee was appointed

of August 1842, the Prophet Joseph I mention these few events in early to promote the cooperation of neighSmith recorded the following: Church history as illustrative of the boring states. An intrastate committee

I prophesied that the saints would conspirit and achievements of the Utah was assigned the duty to organize tinue to suffer much affliction and would be pioneers. groups and committees in counties,

driven to the Rocky Mountains; many would No state in the union can look with cities and towns, societies and organizaapostatize; others would be put to death by greater pride upon the achievements of tions throughout our state. As a proin their lives conlose persecutors, or our part but for example, event, motional Utah. of the state its can than pioneers

disease; of some or and exposure sequence centering observance featured the of fitting, highly It is and commendable assist in live to will on and of go you it contemplated 24, was around July state and governor that the therefore, cities see build and settlements andmaking train pioneers of would that a wagon 1947 the year apart set legislature have in the people mighty saints a the become

midst of the Rocky Mountains. as the Centennial year, in which to pay start at the site of Winter Quarters on

tribute to these great empire builders. a suitable date and follow the original

One hundred years ago February 4, In so doing we confer honor upon ourpioneers'trail into Salt Lake valley, in partial fulfilment of that prophselves. In the light of what Thomas entering at the spot "This Is the Place"

ecy, the Mormon exodus commenced Carlyle says, "In this world there is one on July 24, 1947. It was planned also

from Nauvoo. godlike virtue, the essence of all that that there would be a reproduction of

One hundred years ago today, the ever was or ever will be of godlike in the march of the Mormon Battalion inof Israel states, camped ofvanguard the southwestern covering the Camp done to veneration this world—the fifty and Grove, ending one hundred California and cluding southernat Garden hearts of men."worth by the human

miles from Nauvoo. Referring to conat Sutter's Mill, where, as you know,

ditions which brought about that exNature of Preparations Already members of the battalion were present odus, President Brigham Young said: Under Way when gold was discovered. The comeight-year proconceived mission an

farms, orchards, gardens, homes, Our under already are way Preparations for the presentaof preparation gram halls, magnifimills, public streets, bridges, historical of presentation for the resources, the natural tion the of public improvements, other temple,cent and educationdramatic, musical, pageants, state's history, the dramatic and patriotism, of our leave as a monumentwe atsports athletic and al programs, and facilities delightful for of purpose uprightness incomparable industry, economy, and integrity of heart; and as a living testractions. vacationing.

timony of the falsehood and the wickedness In a way this will be an unusual celeThen came the war!

to disloyalty us with thoseof a conditions who charge normal bration. Under pointing the All activities toward

idleness, country, of our Constitutionthe probe exposition would centennial suscelebration preparation of were a dishonesty.and inviting people of the view with moted activities thoughts and pended, and

One hundred years ago July 20, the of the world to behold the wonders of centered upon the winning of that great

Mormon Battalion at Fort Leaventhe state, to see the achievements of conflict.

in the participate people, and to for their the their preparationsworth began Resumption of Activities entertainments festivities and varioushistoric march. twothousand-mile

On July 24, 1947, it will have been of the celebration. S\n November 10, 1944, Governor

one hundred years since President BrigNow, however, due to the housing Herbert B. Maw recommended the

ham Young and his one hundred and shortage, and the inability of the comresumption of activity, writing to the fortytwo fellow travelers entered mission to assure comfortable accomcommission as follows: "Inasmuch as it

Great Salt Lake valley. modations for the hundreds of thouappears that the war will probably be

sands of tourists who could be induced ended before 1947, rather definite plans /*\f the exodus from Nauvoo to Winto visit us next year, it has been thought should be worked out for the Centen- \f ter Quarters, the historian Bancroft advisable to approach our celebration nial celebration to be presented to the says: "There is no parallel in the from a different angle. next legislature, which must be relied on

world's history to this migration from This will be a celebration by and for to provide whatever funds are needed.

in nearof the people Utah, and Utahns will, of Centennial Commission TheNauvoo."

that the states. best Besides western by celebx.}- full course, charge of the have trek of the twothousand-mile Of the

it talent is proposed produce, can home it."for tion of plans and the making St. Lt. Col. Battalion, P.Mormon

state outstanding educato the to fetch consisting Accordingly, committee a says:George Cooke

tional and entertainment features which of Honorable John M. Wallace, chairfor in in vain an History be searched not could presented comnormally may the committee, finance Mr. man of

it infantry. of of has Half beenequal march munities of our Fitz- F. C. Holbrook, Mr. John state—symphonybe orWard wilderness, but nothingthrough where a screen, stars chestras, stage and of patrick, P. Frederick Champ, Mr. Judge are found, wild beasts or andsavages singers, sport opera P. A. and Mr. Howell Gus James is Metropolitan there for of water,deserts where, want that events the of our type community appointed to prepare a Backman was creature. almost with living There,no

hopeless labor, we have dug deep wells, normally could not finance. It is hoped new budget that work might be rewhich the future traveler will enjoy. Withthat we might have a national eisteddfod sumed as soon as hostilities ceased.out a guide who had traversed them, we—these and other cultural entertainWith the approval of the state detablelands trackless into venturedhave offered not only in will be ments directly Salt partments concerned, Mr. Gus

several for found not waterwhere was cities in other City, but where Lake appointed chosen P. Backman and was axe pick andmarches. and crowbar With large crowds accommodated. be may celebration. director of Centennial the over ourin hand, worked have way we

mountains which seemed to defy aught save All towns and counties in the state Without any remunerative compensathe wild goat, and hewed a pass through are urged to unite in promoting this tion thus far, he has served with en- a chasm of living rock more narrow than commemorative celebration. thusiasm and marked ability.

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

to our negligence. Clear vacant lots,

particularly here in Salt Lake City, of weeds which are unsightly and which

lots ard. Utilize this year these vacantyeevtienniaI.t m become later in the summer a fire hazfoodstuffs. for the of needed growing

HpHESE are physical features. What By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY about our uniting for a moral cleanOF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY up?

There is evidence of the presence of "bunco"men in the city who are preyOriginal Plans Circumscribed to May 15, it is anticipated that draing upon unsuspecting travelers. Three

Of necessity the original scope of matic companies and musical organizaof these, as you know, are already in the celebration has had to be circumtions will be presented in practically prison. Another has jumped a $3500

scribed. The building of roads to scenic all communities of the state. Already bond. However, others have taken

attractions, improvement of parks, etc., projects are under way to produce their places, lying in wait to fleece the

must be left for other state departments these features in the late winter of gullible stranger. Is it possible that

whose permanence will continue after 1946 and early spring of 1947. There Salt Lake is looked upon by these

1947. You who were privileged to stand is one important feature of the celecrooks as a "fixed"city? Some of you

last Friday afternoon on the site chosen bration which was not discontinued know what that "fixed"signifies.

for the "This Is the Place"monument, during the war; that is, the duty of What about gambling, the slot maheard Governor Maw refer to one of making the state more attractive. This chine racket, and race horse betting?

these forwardlooking, permanent immay concern every man, woman and What about beer and whisky joints, child in the state. On June 5, 1942, and the flaunting of immorality on pubprovements—the new highway parked

from Henefer to Salt Lake valley. when, with the approval of Governor lic streets? I am sure that the mayor

Instead of building and carrying out Maw, the work of the commission was and other municipal officers of Salt an independent exposition to continue suspended, Mr. John M. Wallace sugLake City and of other cities will apthroughout the tourist season, it now gested that, though the activities of the preciate our uniting with them in efforts

seems advisable to cooperate with the commission may be in suspension, the to reduce lawlessness and immorality

State Fair Board for an outstanding exefforts of all beautification groups to a minimum.

position during such a period as may be should be continued and carefully It will be a credit to the present determined upon. guarded. He expressed the opinion that citizenry, and contribute to the future

Though it may not be feasible for much of the work of beautification then happiness of the state, if our cities can every town to have an assignment for being promoted by the Church, the be so morally clean that visitors who its presentation of special features, Agricultural College, civic organizacome to share in the historic, artistic, groups of towns may unite, and, as distions, and women's clubs should be and devotional exercises of the celetricts, contribute attractions that will fostered to awaken a sense of the imbration, may pay some such tribute to draw the interest of all the state on the portance of the beautification of the Salt Lake City and other important dates specially assigned to each district. state, and could go forward without towns as was paid by Samuel A. Prior,

For example (and these are but illusany interference with the war efforts. a Methodist minister, who visited

trative ), it will be the duty of the comAccordingly, this activity has conNauvoo in the spring of 1843. He

mission to allocate dates to communities tinued with most commendable results. writes

and groups, such as a Black and White Now, under the direction of a large At length the city burst upon my sight.

celebration in Cache County, including and able committee, of which Donald Instead of seeing a few miserable log cabins the Fourth of July, at the request of the P. Lloyd is chairman, the beautification and mud hovels, which I had expected to

active members in that town a Peach program has assumed statewide profind, I was surprised to see one of the most romantic places that visited in the I had portions, every man, and and woman, in celebration Elder County; Day Box

buildings, though of The them many responsibility to West. child the sense should a at Pleasant Strawberry Grove; Day small, of were yet and the bore wood, marks state clean to something the do make of the Black Veterans Hawk War I of neatness which not have equaled seen for attractive Centennial the and and State celebration at Nephi; School High in the country. fairspread plain at the The

athletic tournament; program at Zion's for the years following. bottom of the hill was dotted over with

Canyon; Dinosaur Monument at UinIt is surprising how some of us have habitations of men with such majestic protah, etc., etc. accustomed ourselves to look upon our fusion that I was almost willing to believe

The governor of the state and his old barns and sheds for what they used myself mistaken and, instead of being in

Illinois, of Nauvoo that among Mormons, realizing that to they without are be in associates the executive department, in Italy at the city of I was Leghorn, which dilapidated structures the marring now inin finance, state state the educational location the of resembles very Nauvoo in landscape, are and some instances stitutions civic clubs, boards, and coun- I for a much. time gazed fond with adsome reflection the community. on cities; in ty commissioners, of mayors miration the plain upon below. Here and

citizens individual fact, groups and state the throughout be anseem to et us all join in the campaign to speakingthere aroseloudlya tall,of themajesticgenius brickand untiringhouse, stimulate to owners home paint labor of the inhabitants, snatched have who desire the imated with but one: to make houses, fences, buildbarns and other the place from the clutches of obscurity and tribute 1947 celebration appropriate an

it to maintain a general ings and atmoswrested from disease; of the bonds and lives to the noble outstanding and

in or it three short years, tidiness of two rescued the phere neatness and from about of pioneers. achievements the Utah

it dreary to waste transform into of the one corrals. homes, barns and

first cities in hill the Pepiod of Centennial West. which upon The practical suggestions Perhaps a few

stood covered the with was over dwellings the celebration will begin might of out not be place. Improve the 'Iof men, and rise amid them seen to the was

until 15 of churches, appearance continue seminaries and October May /fficially, stone and already hewn accomplished work 15, 1947. suitable other Tribute the to buildings church and will be paid by of the temple, which fifteen raised was now

—Fathersfirst white Escalantemen who enteredand Dominguez,this state landscapeneeded repairs.plantings,Let byallpaintingpublic edificesand by orpassedtwentyon intofeet theabovemoretheactiveground.parts...of theI

also to explorers and trappers who folreflect the pride of the people to which city, looking into every street and lane to lowed the Catholic Fathers. However, they belong by making them respectable observe all that was passing. I found all

the in people useful engaged some and there will slated special be events appearance. prein rose gar- a Utah Make healthy employment. place alive The was ceding opening this the date. planting spring, example, posFor den where by business, so than much more any place national skiing sible, events in the in Salt extra Lake yard. bushes every Rewith visited since the I have hard times comand Ogden areas will of necessity be move all dead trees from the landscape menced. I sought in vain for anything that

held possibly in February. Also, prior that stand as disgraceful monuments (Concluded on page 278)

MAY 1946 273

Jrvith WILL PREVAIL

i5y [resident iueovae Jr. Micharas

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Saturday are assembled in this general conferafternoon session of the 116th ence of the Church on the anniversary annual general conference, of its birth, a most suitable way in

April 6, 1946, in the which to commemorate that exceedingly

Tabernacle important event, affecting as it does the lives of many thousands of pureIastfastSundaymeetingwasin fastone day.of theI wardsattendedin minded,for their goodcleanlivingand theirmensalvation.and womenThe

-I this city and heard some faithful organization of the Church and the restoration of the gospel spell "Mortestimonies borne. One young woman

for souls PRESIDENT GEORGE F. RICHARDS which many faithfulin her testimony intimated did monism,"that she

not know so very much about the goshave suffered persecution and death, but the in to all such, reward exceeds thispel but that she did one thing know, for disturbed, our so greatly we know conception any had by mortalthe gospel I glory brings soul. to the peace this is that the the ground, of work

that testiman.thought was a wonderful is at the helm, guidmony, and I concluded that that woman a safe harbor. One hundred sixteen years ago today Lord,ing theandgoodthatshipGodinto

the of Christ of Church LatterJesusis living religion, her for those Latare operatmajor There powers two Saints organized, direct was byterday Saints living their are reday who ing the of hearts upon minds and in of Fayette, God, command Senecaligion their souls, to peace have do and of children for good, one and themen—the County, under the York, of laws Newthose their living religion not are who evil. for other the its state. that Since organization, the their afraid that souls frequentareI am

ly very much disturbed. This is one of Church has been the object of bitter opQuoting from the Book of Mormon:

the great blessings that the Lord has position and persecution. This has Wherefore, all things which are good

for the faithful of his children, peace come at different periods, from differcometh of God; and that which is evil

to the soul. ent sources, and in various forms, but cometh of the devil; for the devil is an

As this congregation stood up to sing, always instigated by Lucifer, the devil, enemy unto God, and flghteth against him

I thought what an aweinspiring sight through willing emissaries, with the obcontinually, and inviteth and enticeth to sin, and that which is evil continually. to do ject to destroy the and intent Church, sit,this but when (Moroni 7:12.) in his and defeat of the purposes God were morewe stoodis. It isit seemedinspiringthatas wethere

of us, and then I thought, "Why, we planning for the salvation of the chilQuoting from the Doctrine and are only a sprinkling of the faithful dren of men. Covenants

members of the Church,"and I thank For the comfort of the Saints, let me for serpent, that beheld... Satan, old we the of from sayings our to you forthe I certainly them, Lord and do quote

devil, the rebelled against even God, who Savior will bless that hepray them and reward of the to sought our take and kingdom God for their faithfulness. therethem And his Blessed he are and are they maketh persecuted which war Christ—Wherefore, faithful for are notare some which who is the saints for of righteousness'76:2829.) (D. sake: C. theirs for God. the with &

we are sorry. God bless them that they kingdom of heaven.

may see their mistakes; that they may Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, The Holy Ghost is a member of the

take advantage of their opportunities and persecute you, and shall say all manner trinity of the Godhead, a personage of of receiving the saving ordinances of evil against you falsely, for my sake. spirit nontabernacled. Lucifer also is

Rejoice, glad: exceeding for great and be spirit. nontabernacled a Holy Theof the not gospel they yet have reis in for heaven: reward persecuted your so is devil of good. an inspirer Ghost The learnceived; they that to and know may the they prophets before which were you. is evil. instigator is striving an of Each in the servhisthat needs them Lord 5:1012.) (Matt.

for the souls of the to men; save one isice; that afforded opportunity an and

them if they will live so that they can Persecution is, and always has been, and the other to destroy.

be used, to pay in part the debt of a heritage of the Saints of God. Men... choose you this day whom ye will

gratitude they owe to him, which they and women have gone about the counserve. (Joshua 24: 15.)

will never be able fully to do. try, in this and in other lands, lecturing

Then if I am informed correctly, against the Church and its leaders. TIan has his free agency and is rethere are some members of the Church Magazine articles and books by the sponsible to God who gave it for

who are not only indifferent to their score, of a venomous and libelous charthe way he exercises it. The whisperreligion but who have committed sin, acter, have been written, published, and ing of the Holy Ghost removes all

and violated the rules of chastity. I circulated against us. Apostates from doubt and fear, and brings conviction

pity them. God bless them that they the Church have opposed it in various to the soul, so that we can say, conmay understand their true situation and ways, while the work of the Lord scientiously, that we know the truth

repent of their sins and make peace against which their fiery darts have of that which we have received.

with the Lord while they have opporbeen directed, goes steadily forward. Said the Savior:

tunity. The Spirit of God will not alMormonism has for more than a cenways strive with man. tury, been thus pelted with vitupera-... My doctrine is not mine, but his that

If will, shall sent me. any he do his man will tion, deceit, and falsehood, every but by

it of doctrine, the whether God, be of know"Phis is a wonderful work in which we attack it has widely become more I 7:16of myself. or whether speak (John

are engaged. The annual general known. The work of the Lord thrives 17.)

conference of the Church is of particuunder opposition and persecution.

lar significance and deep interest to "Truth is mighty and will prevail."Let us see how this works: Jesus

Latterday Saints. The members of the We do not court opposition and pertaught the will of him who sent him,

Church, far and near, in great numbers secution, but when it comes, we are not {Continued on page 326) 274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The field is white already to harvest II

$5u Aoieph Jielaina Jmitk OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Sunday nations of the Gentiles and also the Jews, morning session of the 116th both those who shall come upon this land lands, shall other those be and upon who general annual conference, earth, all of the the lands even upon in the yea, 7, 1946, April iniquity will they with behold, drunken be

Tabernacle and all manner of abominations shall that they come day when And shall JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH of Hosts, visited of the thunder with Lord beloved brethren and sisters, I be feel very dependent upon the and with earthquake, and with a great noise, tempest, storm, with with with and and and faith Spirit of your the and Lord said: "I earth, the Prophet heard JoMy fire. 27: the of devouring flame (II Nephi I you. before have here standwhile We his to these testimony Smith seph bear 1-2.) preaching the deal great about aheard in the that transpire events would

the which gospel burdenof the and fit restore, after to a that after Lord they predicting is 'T'he earth,"saw and this the to to carry message usupon also: said doors, at truth of our the the he great were apostasy, now

I like to aworld. few words add would veil the over cannot the a gospel Prophet through draw Joseph "We this responsibility in and to regard this that generation. his presevents sent await angels Smith. from No He condition to in the regardsomething

is Spirit that the inspired fact, this and prophet by ence. In great man was

sent. are intoof the which world we his ears, his close of the can visited the power Father and both God by Father our by commanded was Adam I lips, his things."eyes, or these to authority to comgiven and Son was

hisin the children everteach to heaven right close think our of to the this great have dispensation no mence we in scriptures truth. thelasting read We right ears, truth to the be silent teach fulness have times no of and to and we

following:the against the shut warnings gospel, again eyes and our of everlasting the because

And Adam and Eve blessed the name of men had turned away from the truth to that the Lord has given and placed beGod, and they made all things known unto the worship of their idols and the pracfore us which we are commanded to their Satan daughters. their sons and And nations the to set declare of the earth. of false doctrines. have They

also a son tice saying: them,came among I am says: the the Again Lord where up churches of their own saying: them, he commanded of God; and

is Spirit not found. of the Lord The it not, believed it not; and theyBelieve and all is flesh corrupted before For me; and in his missionaries the out sent Lord than God. And morethey loved Satan men the the darkness prevail of powers upon

this to carnal, dispensation of preach beginning to that forth be timebegan from earth, children the the in among

Price, of devilish. ( Pearl Greatsensual, said and gospel, the he restored and all the of hosts of to presence ofheaven—men,

Moses 5:1213.) them that he was sending them with Which causeth silence to reign, and all

So they turned away from the truth this message of truth among the "coneternity is pained, and the angels are waitunto the worship of all manner of false gregations of the wicked"; and this he ing the great command to reap down the

earth, to that the tares gather they be may revelation times. repeated In a many refusing to hearken gods,doctrines and

is the behold, and, burned; comenemy the in given 1830, October when sent that the prophetsto among were 38:1112.) (D. 6 C. six bined. restored but been had Church for the necessarythem, it became and

Lord to bring in the flood upon them months, the Lord said this T heard President Wilford Woodruff, and cleanse the earth of its iniquity. For verily, verily, I say unto you that A in this stand, this same place where

Once again the world started out with ye are called to lift up your voices as with I stand, bear witness as he had done in just one family, and as men began to the sound of a trump, to declare my gospel other places, in 1893, and up to the generation. earth, perverse of they the crooked the face and unto aspread upon his time that death, the angels of who

field to already the is white behold, For the prophets and were taughtwere by to forth waiting been to reap had go it is the hour, the harvest; eleventh and and Almighty; the revelationgiven from the earth sent had upon been down now call shall last into laborers that time my rebelled of too, time in they, coursebut that earth. mission in they the and were 33:2-3.) vineyard. (D. C. I& their churches set andand up own said, Therefore, he for look may we

worshiped their own gods and graven By the "last time"the Lord meant the calamities, for destruction, for plague images. Under these conditions the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times. and bloodshed. Now let me read a little

Lord called a man out of the land of The Prophet Joseph Smith instructed to you by way of warning, something the Chaldees and sent him into the land his brethren and informed them of the given by prophecy to Nephi concernof Canaan, promising him great blesscalamities that were to come. He ing our own day. Speaking to the peoings and his posterity after him, through warned the world of its wickedness, ple who are living now, he said

the Lord's to commandments.obedience the of told these and he good men the the wise, the learned, and and Israel. call O people thatToday we aswere the But Council of Twelve, who rich, that in puffed the their are of pride up rebelled. Israel in also time of course of the that because him, sociated with all hearts, false those and preach docwho their listen prophets, to not wouldThey its corof the and world trines, wickedness all those and whorecommit who

all the face scattered over so they were doms, right the pervert of upon the and destruction ruption, would come way rebellion. their for This the earthof Lord, saith them, the wo, unto wo, wo be these brethren say that of Some

all history the through has been shall for Almighty, they be thrust Lord God these things told of he them the it.as he

hell! to carnal, senages, because down men became he as Savior our wept when wept

that aside untp just the turn them devilish. sual, and Wo President Jerusalem. Willooked upon for thing of revile that a against naught and this ancient prophets of the on One testithis of speaking ford Woodruff, is it is of that worth! good, which and no say said: continent, speaking of our day, this to the world warning and mony the shall that the For Lord day come God

But, behold, in the last days, or in the which the Prophet had seen in vision will speedily visit the inhabitants of the of things which were coming upon the (Continued on page 336) days of the Gentiles—yea, behold all the

MAY 1946 275 UNDER THE ATOMIC

new age began when the atomic vDu Ujr. /4okn f. Widtdoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEA'bombdeserts wasof NewdroppedMexico.uponThencethe

forth, man could set free the forces which, under the creative power of

God, became our material world. For Address given as the "Church of the Air"Sermon over Radio Station KSL and

the first time the solid earth could be the Columbia Broadcasting System, Sunday, April 7, 1946, made "to fail beneath our feet."An at 8:00 a.m., Mountain Standard Time

apparently impossible dream had come true.

This occurred in the midst of the of God. Could we recover faith in ouratomic bomb has come; that we know

madness of murder we call World War selves, the terror of the atomic bomb how to loosen the energies of the uniII. The hearts of men were already would vanish. verse, to compete with the lightnings of

bleeding from the wounds of long years the sky. It should be as a challenge to

of warfare. Now, the new power VS7e have also been inclined to forget us. If a new danger has come, then weseemed as an added unspeakable horGod or to give him lip service. must gird ourselves with the corresror that promised a new type of deToo many of us accept him as a mysponding strength to meet it, and to

compel it to serve us. Really, the coming of the atomic bomb merely calls

revision increased emphasis for a 'he rising ashes of Hiroshima and Nagasaki apwith faith. ideals, action, and of human

peared as burnt offerings to the incarnation of Reeducation or regeneration for the world's evil. faith, may not be easy. To turn a race

of men from evil to good, from error to truth, from hate to love, means a battle struction so awful that the hearts of terious force or figure, distant from us, with many an opposing force. The batmen failed them. The rising ashes of who demands appeasement one day a tie will often be against false but wellHiroshima and Nagasaki appeared as week, in competition with our golf and established, mosscovered traditions,

burnt offerings to the incarnation of the baseball. We do not believe him to be hiding or obscuring eternal truth; and

world's evil. concerned with our daily needs or the as often against unsound appetites of

Before the possible consequences of constant issues of our lives. If that be body or mind, catering to momentary

this power, we stand bewildered. We faith, it is spindly, bloodless, useless. pleasures, or temporary satisfactions,

imagine our cities, homes, and loved Yet there is nothing more certain but leading away from spiritual realiones, laid low by an irresistible, mercithan that God in heaven watches over ties.

less force. A helpless, hopeless gloom

clouds the future. A fear never known

before stalks the footsteps of thinking people. True, there is no danger of the 'J'here is nothing more certain than that God

whole world exploding into nothingin heaven watches over his children on earth;

ness. So far only uranium 235 can be

dissolved into imponderable forces, but and is concerned with our every act.

the energy that may be released from the limited quantities available, is suffiall if destroy to directed,cient, manso for is regeneration his children earth; of concerned world and 'T'he on work

it is reasoned, future wars,kind. In * act. events with permits our in every the faith home. begin He Every must will secret atomic the ofsince the bomb limits there to but happen, are spirit the in in lives beyond out deed and man imthe knowledge, besoon common all its in folly not In the which childhood. of mankind his home, teachings may will of armies and armamentsportance the alive, go. of the is remains governor or unbefaith born and God made

all will disputes, be he Infade away.

is is universe. yet earth lief of not nation the on a His sown. work homes As

first. thevictorious reaches enemy who chilhis will finished, therein not are, allow generations of the and he so men

filled of the history mankind, ofIn view is here, evil, perish, disto dren, despite there for be. or will any good For can bloodshed, contention andwith faith efficient for of Life invention or Full substitute covery the man. home. no the to entrusted safelysuch be power

life all in fear. in the banishes the of safety age of and God

is lingering of the men?world That full will then, the yours, problem mine depend energy atomic upon and Our that disturbs usquestion today.

Such a question and such fears root in a distrust of man. We are really

afraid have of ourselves. We lost faith pULL faith in God banishes all fear. suspicion with and lookin humanity

upon every human act. We forget that

man was made in the image of God not merely in bodily form, but in his very nature. The sparks of divinity lie is how, under the atomic bomb, to reacceptance by the home of its responsiwithin every human soul, waiting to be establish faith in God and man; and bilities and obligations. That homes

kindled into flame. Remember the how to reeducate, regenerate, if you may do so is the clamoring demand of

words of the Lord God, "... Behold, prefer, the will of man, so that the a world starving for peace and the enthe man is become as one of us, to know fierce power of the shattered atomic joyment of the earth's bounties.

good and evil."(Gen. 3:22.) And, in nucleus may be used only in the conSadly, it must be admitted that in

the depths of all of us, we prefer to structive service of mankind. these restless times, the home has fallen

live under the will and loving kindness We should really be glad that the upon evil days. Its purpose is too often

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been raised to the warmth and dignity questions of the soul, a clear compreof required disciplines of the mind, but hension of his destiny. We shall live

ethics, not to speak of religion, which after death. What then? In that other

determine human behavior, and which world we shall possess in a greater always act as restraints upon evil, degree all the powers we have enjoyed actively will be used earth. They before shivering on stand, unwelcomed,BOMB If existence. progressive endless, an a in door. Such schoolroom the closed

forgotten. Parents look more and more XWe have the right to believe that man, who

to other instrumentalities to perform learned to release atomic energy, and who their natural duties. The family circle

has shrunk, by limitation of children made the atomic bomb, will use it for our activimultiplicity the of assumed and benefit.

ties, until of its nait seems incapable tural functions. Especially under the

threat of the atomic bomb, the careless dangerous taboo was not intended used properly on earth and in the eterassumption of home obligations bewhen it was agreed that, in our land, nities of the hereafter, we shall by small comes perilous. sectarian religion should not be taught steps, grace for grace, approach more

very our of likeness God, the more present and meththe schools. in public By In the about. face must Here we heights, such rise towards Father. generaout To sending are schools our od, the imporbe taught most must home ever has been beginning, the dim unfrom little faith, are of of tions who men faith life: in faith of tant things God,

act has righteous destiny. Every our obligations. eternal their of mindful self, in our conduct proper toward and unright every progress; that promoted together school the and outdaily a others. be The home must There

it knowlretarded The act has eous the fear from eliminate soonsoon uld will could engender to reaching That God.

the condestiny, and divine of our edge in face of the any men, hearts of and him. to desire in love trust a a him and

it, regulate our to tend of ditions would course on earth. We are to be leaders

against all evil, the final conquerers of [Divinity lies within every one of us. earth. We dare not hinder our progressive, ascending destiny. Therefore,

sober answers are found to the questions of life. Will this act help me in

By daily family prayer, every member new power man could discover, estabmy eternal progressive existence? Then

upon his knees, there will be established lish the day of peace on earth. \ wm perform it. Does it hinder me?

the habit of communing with the powThen I will have none of it. I cannot

ers of the unseen world, to which atomThe church also carries blame. It use atomic energy to destroy or murder

ic energy and all other powers are subcould have given us more courage men, for that would set me back in my servient. To be in touch with the author to meet times like these by teaching the eternal advancement towards the likeof all things will do more than all the true dignity of the human being as a ness of God.

governments of earth to change the very son of God, with a divine destiny. Perhaps it is all said in one sentence.

hearts of men from evil to good, and to Pride of ancestry has saved many a The acceptance of the word of God protect weak humanity. He who thinks soul from wandering away into forbidas laid down in the Christian gospel

of God, and appeals to him daily, has den paths. will turn fear into joy, will make the

no room for thoughts of destruction. What is our true relationship to atomic bomb our humble servant.

glibly, are told, somewhat God? end, home, school, and We To that

ofof God,God, areare thethe childrenchildren! ut oneone cannotcannot lovelove GodGod withoutwithout lovlov- thatthat wewe cooperate. ofof hishis church must But

ing the children of God, and trusting image, and of his nature. Divinity lies But, it is protested, it cannot be done;

us. it says Then, to practice one of within a every them. a Let home make is it is answer the dream. That an idle

his soul into looking out to others, seek man, well modern own and of speak prove accept will not and those of who will for eternal must be more answers, family their virtues. a such Soon, we for desire good earnest truth. The

clay; figures well, from virtues, of moulded than the speak discover and covered heart be we inthe every may human

with uncertainty and the indifference that follows uncertainty; but it is there.

Jt is our task to teach faith in God, ourselves, and No matter how far we have strayed, in every one of us is a feeling of revulour fellow men, in home and school and church. sion against evil. The very children of

God cannot feel otherwise. If but a few

..,,. will live the law, they will leaven the. L substance., thisa s very Our mustA,be nations. Inevitably,T other were of,,-,God 'iumpv into untimes not history goodwill of must back go the sun everywhere, done

mind, derstandable and to the human of men; the hearts would warm

bodies the region of preexistence. the earth. Our cover By such peace would into \\lE't,awhohave\o,>alearnedthe rightfntotoreleaseioiobelieveatomica <vwnvthat man,unen-

people, and perhaps only by such methmay be of the dust, but the essence of ergy, and who made the atomic bomb, ods, will the atomic bomb be tamed to us is of God. That conception explains will use it for our benefit. It is our

useful ends. man's divine nature. That changes the task to teach faith in God, ourselves,

The school, likewise, a close ally of whole outlook upon life. As very sons and our fellow men, in home and school

the home, must turn its face toward the and daughters of God, we feel new and church. Then we shall remake the

greater light. It must courageously train nearness to God, a new responsibility world for peace. Remember the subtle

our children for the larger life. During for our actions. Our works must be power of words. Ignore war in our

the long years of childhood and youth, of godlike character, else we are untrue speech. Raise our voices everywhere in

our children have been taught every to our divine origin. Then, looking faith for peace. Then the hearts that

kind of knowledge, from atoms to star upon the atomic bomb, with clear eyes, now fear the future will be at ease. In

clusters, from amoebas to monkeys, we know what to do—it must be used time the atomic bomb will become our

But their proper conduct among their as God would use it, for we are his servant to beautify the life of man on fellows and before God is mentioned, very children, earth.

if at all, casually, in occasional assemWe may also have failed to give to May it be so, I pray in the name of blies. Geography and arithmetic have striving man, wrestling with the deep Jesus, the Christ. Amen.

MAY 1946 277

LoneeMVLPi an JtL KINGDOM OF GOD

5iaJ Stephen->leP oL /\lchafdd

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Sunday lished may endure throughout the afternoon session of the 116th eternities. I can think of no richer

annual general conference, blessing than the perpetuation of these

April 7, 1946, in the friendships we establish in the priestTabernacle hood of God to go forward forever.

STEPHEN L RICHARDS

is, I perhaps, thought one HPhere may

I sisters, find that brethren and

I it is forthink rather add—and little I difflashed into there upon picture have come some was when that the tunate circumstances haveMY friend. ficulty trying these to a kingdom help screen words: the "The

I as transpired they because have can

I I tryis heart."in not friend that doesn't of do your was Now, know GodMy least contribution at the to one make

injustice to the people to discovered him, ing help any to have want and do will in conference, that brevity and be all. scenario, at that but projected help not did that he need we Imy who in the so that short time rethat very

while of that the God, kingdom know I responsibility contemplated As my President others mains Smith and may is heart, in one's accepted be must that this occasion, remembering on I it this from. be thought heard one But

thinking our of concept a merely not the President was David O. McKay like to give celebration our about would

is feeling. of kingdom our or The God arranging of the commission chairman of year. next

is It earth. this in truly established next centennial celebration of our the It times that has been remarked many

in Zion; the and of land established I I offer that year, concluded would this the pilgrimage the of pioneers to

is being, for least here, time at right the I that great aid to could whatever section in character, unusual very was Zion. of land the of headquarters the I six offer similar aid tried to event. differing like enterprises greatly from

years ago at the April conference, but by many other pioneers and peoples. It It is a sacred land to me. I love it,

after hearing the lofty concept of the is true that the pioneers came here to and I know that there will yet go forth centennial celebration, which was set found homes, and they came here for many more great things for humanity, before us so impressively this morning peace and freedom, but these were from this land of Zion. I want to preby President McKay, I feel it would be really only incidentals. They came here serve it in beauty inviolate from desunwise to indulge in anything apto establish the Utopia of their dreams. ecration.

proaching a repetition of the thoughts They came here to establish the Zion We owe it to those noble pioneers, he therein conveyed to us. However, I of our Lord. All of their energies were who established it here, to make it

am grateful that my mind ran in the bent to that effort. They knew what beautiful. When many come, as they

same channel with his; I hope it always their commission was, and they exewill come, in spite of the restriction of

will. cuted it. invitation, to see us next year, I hope

Maybe you will pardon me if I say Do you believe that the kingdom of that all the Latterday Saints, feeling this that consecrated and land has been is it in this is just established forty that years ago to you this God earth—not

it is sacred, their utmost that will do I visionary, privilege of the since ethereal just a as in coming had year kingdom into close association with President the concepts of some men but the to make it reflect the glory of those left it as a McKay. We had attended the Univertangible, definite authoritative kingdom noble men and women who

sity of Utah when it was located on the of our Father? heritage to us.

west side of this city, some years be- I remember some years ago, during I know that the kingdom of God is fore, but it was in 1906 that I was called the days of the silent films, there was a established in this world. I know that it

into the Sunday School general board moving picture play called The King of rests upon the foundation of the Holy where I began a friendship that is one Kings. This I thought was a very exPriesthood which has been given to

of the most prized things in my life. cellent portrayal of many of the epiman to maintain and, through it, to

Ever since that day I have had the sodes in the life of the Savior. It was bless all humanity. May we arise to the

esteemed privilege of working closely reverentially done, and it gave me a opportunities and the challenge that with my dear friend and associate, great satisfaction to see it. I experihave been presented to us in this great

President McKay. I trust that the comenced, I believe, only one disappointconference, I pray in the name of Jesus.

panionship and friendship so estabment, and that was at the end of the Amen.

THE UTAH CENTENNIAL

(Concluded from page 273) Conclusion In thoughts as wise as is her prairie sea;

In deeds as splendid as her mountain piles, of immorality, but the both marks bore was That's the tides, from our river noble her as town which mighty As ill at sucastonished highly pleased and my true, right abides; her land Let be a where pioneers Missisthe crossed Mormon

I the could loungers cess. see about no isles; clean, as as her sweet summer Let be in sippi desert faced the February and taverns. streets the nor drunkards about any let liberty of the her note sound And west. I distorted features those with did not meet till all child earth, the every and For man

ruffians, illbred or the imof with and free. be for year, the fuCentennial For and I I place; in the pudent. not oath heard an

saw not a gloomy countenance; all were ture years ahead, let us think of Utah God guide us in accomplishing

cheerful, polite, and industrious. (Compreand our western states adjoining as these hopes and aspirations, I pray in

hensive History of the Church, II, p. 190.) Thomas Curtis Clark said of America the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE WAY TO eace Dm Aokn yy. lA/ldtioe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

was sickness; there was death; babies dared to say that the work that he was

were born; but the procession moved doing, under God's instruction, was to

onward. Contrast that with our happy become a marvel and a wonder in the

surroundings here today: a great peoworld. We know, my brethren and

ple, by the thousands, gathered together sisters, that whether it be friend or peacefully. This remarkable exodus enemy who speaks of us, if he is a soberunique in the history of the world thinking, honest man, he will declare

makes us proud of our heritage. There that whatever in his opinion the founare hundreds of descendants of the peodations of this work may be—we know JOHN A. WIDTSOE ple who made that journey in this conthe foundations—it is a marvelous work

gregation today; and all of us are spirand a wonder, none like it in the long

itual descendants of that group. We history of the world. The truths set

Address delivered at the Friday have all accepted the faith that they loose by the Prophet Joseph Smith have morning session o} the 116th held. The achievements of these peotouched every man of faith throughout

annual general conference, ple, one hundred years ago, thrill us as the whole civilized world, and measurApril 5, 1946, in the we think back. ably changed their beliefs for good.

Tabernacle They knew in advance, some months So they wandered on, these people before, that the evacuation had to be from Nauvoo. Finally they reached

brethren and sisters: So far, this now. So, in Nauvoo all were busy. this place. Their settlement here is not

has been a very impressive sesWagons were being built; tires for the our story today.

a busy shaped; help of the it was wondering conference. were sion have wheels cannot why One We

for the trip difficulties preparation they all of of season of voice the prophet manner of God. into amidstMyheard the

It is a pity for any people not to have the unknown West. Yet, in the midst undertook the perilous journey over

a prophet to lead them. For our possesof that labor and anxiety, my brethren deserts and plains. It would have been

sion of prophetleadership we are and sisters, these people completed, as so easy to have said, as some few did:

deeply grateful. We must have felt also best they could, the building of the tem- "This is paying too big a price. We will

very grateful as we heard the statistics ple in Nauvoo. Eagerly and at any cost, remain here. We will say to these eneread concerning the progress of the at any sacrifice, the temple of God mies: 'Goodbye to Joseph Smith,

Church. would have to be completed, sufficientgood-bye to the Church. Why face

My mind has been turned in comly, at least, to enable these wanderersthis extraordinary request made upon in their this endowments receive to during the tobe, us, that hour parison from we move"from civilization into of Almighty God. In temple of yesthe wilderness?'the holy the today to Church Church of

terday. One hundred years ago the fact, they were obliged first to dedicate There must have been a good reason

in part. floor was R. that temple of The upper evacuation began. John Nauvoo to decision for the go on. know We

first, before in in November, that dedicated his autobiography writes Young to dared the reason was. They the what

one morning in February 1 846-—he was February of the exodus. There, then, do what they did, to meet persecution, then about nine years of age—he many hundreds received their endowto meet difficulties, to face death if

awoke, dressed, and went down to the ments. Later on, just before the presidneed be, because they were certain of

yard; there he saw people, some of his ing brethren left in April, they gathered their belief. There was no doubt about

own and some strangers, loading the quietly, privately, to the temple, and it in their minds. Certainty had removed

household furniture into two big wagdedicated it to Almighty God. That all hesitation. They knew where they

left it in done, they to ons. said: having been and his mother He went to place, identical the the were going—not they all this God. But Almighty hands of does mean?""Mother, what Salt valley, where Salt Lake the Great

valto these into with brought her them to us, and arms She gathered him they to City be Lake was built—but the to all mountains, leys of the and leave said, going our to are "Son, we he head, that the at was knew that God

home, and we shall never see it again."Church thenceforth, as fruits of their was leading them to the right place.

As I recall the date, it was about labors, all the blessings from the temThere was no doubt in their minds

February 4 when the first two families ple, in which we are participants today. about that. They knew that God lives,

crossed the Mississippi River among These are thoughts that came to my a God who is anxious to help his chiladdress the splendid as mind we heard floes. realearth. this the of the ice dren on One They knew families—ungreat the President, of and our I less origin, ancestry mission, report ity the very and of much am thosemistaken—was the Church. of condition present of the greatgrandfather of the Christ. doubt no There by the headed of Jesus was

present President of the Church, John in their minds about the divine mission

Smith, famous in Church history. A A T least one prophecy of the Prophet of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Doubt

little later, amidst a bitterly cold season, * Joseph Smith has been literally fuland fear had fled. They who had

the water froze over the Mississippi; filled. When he was not much more doubts remained behind, but they who

and the people were able then to take than a boy, in the early years of his lived in the spirit of certainty came their wagons, their horses, and themmanhood, before the Church was oralong.

selves on foot, across the ice on the way ganized, the Lord said to him: I wonder, if I may draw my conclusion

in if is the to began certainty the what not in words, the West. They a few

to is about marvelous work and A great is greatest the the adworld the history of today. great world's need Read (D. forth of men. the children unto & come

the of Bethe ever venture kind known. today, conveying of papers news C.6:l.)

tween fifteen and twenty thousand perof the world to us. Read the articles

sons were moved bodily from a wellUnknown, untaught, with no reputaon philosophy or religion or proposals established city, in orderly fashion tion, he should have been forgotten in to set things right in this world today.

westward to an unknown destination. the small hamlet, almost nameless, in In them there is no certainty. Men say,

There were hardships on that trip; there the backwoods of a great state; but, he (Concluded on page 294)

MAY 1946 279

Scome CURRENT PROBLEMS Address delivered at the Friday afternoon session of the 116th annual general conference, 5u Aosepk -jr. fvlewill

April 5, 1946, in the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Tabernacle

in the face and do something about it. children. No Latterday Saint lives a

What, does one ask? I answer, sincerely worthy life in the eyes of the Lord who

repent and help our fellow men to do neglects to do everything feasible to likewise. Investigation will show that bring up his children according to gossmoking, drinking, gambling, juvenile pel standards. Let every parent take

delinquency, fornication, violation of heed of these requirements. Wise Solothings a few name only—are marriage—to vows, broken homes, divorces mon declared:

us. evils growing among To the worldgo:Trainand whenup a childhe is old,in thehe waywill nothe shoulddepart

lyminded, most of them are minor matfrom it. (Proverbs 22:6.)

ters, devoid of sinful aspects. But to

Latterday Saints the case is wholly Yet there are parents who erroneously different. We cannot indulge in any of and foolishly say that they must let

these things with a guiltless conscience their children grow up without religious because we have been differently taught. teaching and training in order that they

We have divine revelations relative to can be free to choose for themselves them, the Word of Wisdom, for exwhen they are grown. This is a docample. Hence we know that indulgence trine of Satan. It cannot in the least

in smoking and drinking are displeasing degree release parents from the responto the Lord. Gambling is adjudged a sibility to their children which the Lord

every moral code. Marriage by that truth they places upon JOSEPH F. MERRILL wrong them—a

requiring estate sacred vows is a holy if certainly learn and, will some day and imposing binding obligations: If neglected, to their sorrow.

THEare conditionssuch that in everythe worldLatterdaytoday thesethe precinctsare all faithfullyof the home,kepttherethenmaywithinbe et all Latterday Saints be faithful

Saint faces a challenge—a chalheaven on earth—a place where live in- "to their parental duties that their

lenge of loyalty to the leadership of the nocent and joyous children, happy parchildren may be a joy to them and a

Church and to its teachings and standents, and a united Christian family. credit to the community where they

ards. The forces of evil were perhaps live.

juvereports, to authentic their influencenever rampant and more A ccording President this pulpit from ago A year than boys nile delinquency of bothnever Let "widespread now. more the discussed divorce O. and David McKay

us take a brief glance at the gloomy girls has greatly increased during requestion and asserted that in the United situation. cent years until it has reached alarming States divorces had so increased that

To the eyes of a Latterday Saint, proportions. Broken homes and absence one marriage out of every six ended in

and judged by his professed standards, of mothers from their homes are given the divorce court. Recently, it has been

the sinful ways of the world were never as major causes. To Latterday Saints, publicly said that about fifty percent of

more largely indulged in by its people family life, home, and children are rethe war marriages of American boys in generally than they are today. Were quisites for greatest happiness and service are being terminated by divorce.

sex moral standards ever lower? Were glory, both in this life and in the life The picture painted by these figures is

selfishness, greed, and crime ever more to come. Children are the brightest a sad and deplorable one. It is indicarampant? Was religious faith ever gems in any woman's diadem. This tive of unstable, sinful, and demoralizcolder? Was the desire to get sometruth might well be indelibly impressed ing conditions, ruinous to the ideals of

thing for nothing ever stronger? Was on the mind of every wife. marriage, family, and home, a distincthe struggle for place and power ever Respecting the duty of parents to tive blight upon the happy life that

keener? Were family ties ever looser? the children, the Lord, through his every wedded couple may achieve by

Were marriage vows ever more freProphet Joseph Smith, said: being true to their marriage vows. Then

is violated?quently America, As for

as parents inasmuch And again, to these quesnot a negative answer have isunfavorablenot a marriagereflectionfailureuponnecessarilyone or bothan children of in Zion, or in any her stakestions the correct one? Was not Alexwhich are organized, that teach them not of the parties to the marriage—the ones

ander Pope stating facts when he to understand the doctrine of repentance, responsible for the failure? A grave

wrote faith in Christ the Son of the living God, delinquency is certainly indicated, for gift the of of the conditions and the baptism union of a and Holy have happy is of frightful monster mien, aVice so the of the laying hands, Ghost on by when met. not been

seen; to to hated but needs beAs be old, eight sin the the years heads be upon conditions, these the are novWhat familiar face, seen too oft, her withYet

... shall parents. the of they And

I first also ice qualify ask? Since as pity, endure, then then embrace. may do notWe their pray, to to children teach walk and

uprightly before the Lord. (D. & C. 68:25, an expert in these matters I will not

Judged by Latterday Saint teach28.) venture to answer the question except

ings and standards, the moral condito say that if each party to the marriage tions of the country are most deplorFurther, in the Doctrine and Covecontract will faithfully live the Golden able. And yet, sad to say, our people nants, we read: Rule in all of his or her relations with

are by no means quite justified in asAll children have claim upon their parthe partner, then the marriage undoubtsuming a "holierthan-thou"attitude. ents for their maintenance until they are of edly will be successful. A Latterday

Worldly sins of every type exist among age. (D. & C. 83:4.) Saint marriage is a union of two equal

us. It is folly to close our eyes and deny partners, obligated to build a home

the presence of these things. Then I Thus divine law, as well as civil law, where mutual love, respect, trust, fidelisuggest we look the situation squarely makes the parents responsible for their ( Continued on page 294

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SPIRITUAL SAFETY

D Lkaned J4. Lalllid y

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Sunday God, for the salvation of man than the morning session of the 116th present First Presidency, whom we annual general conference, love and sustain.

April 7, 1946, in the I love President George Albert

Tabernacle Smith, a friend of man. You cannot associate with him without being imam deeply conscious that without pressed with a Christlike feeling. I love

God's help I can do nothing. A frePresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., a wise

I quent recurrence to fundamental counselor, a statesman, and a man deto the voted I love Presiof God. workprinciples will increase the strength of

a Christian dent genCHARLES A. CALLIS David O. McKay,the Church.

When I speak about a recurrence to tleman, made by his religion, filled with the spirit of godliness and desirous of principles increasing thefundamental recertain This of a visible, promise the children of God. is helpingstrength I think this of the Church, turn of apostles the Messiah made the

applicable also to the national govern- I repeat, from the days of Adam no happy, and they rejoiced in the knowlment and the state governments. If we First Presidency of the Church has ever edge of the second coming, just as we

would return to the fundamental prinexercised more authority, and the right rejoice today.

ciples of the Constitution of the United to bless the children of men, than the Tennyson caught a flash of the vision

States and observe them more closely, Presidency that are seated on this of Christ's reign as King of kings and "it would from many a blunder free us, stand. Lord of lords, from the rivers unto the

foolish notion."and

secret of the strength of this "Drethren and sisters, why do we want ends of the earth, when he said The great Church is the personal testimony missionaries? They are sent out For I dipt into the future, far as human eye

see, could It is for for the a purpose. purpose the testimonythat members enjoy—the all the vision of the the world, and of Saw the for the preparing second the comGhost.of way Holy

that be:... wonders would

I ing histhe recall of of the spiritual safety Son is secured God. by Our 'Till the throbbed longer drum war no and

staying on the main stream, that stream tory of that great apostolic delegation the battle flags were furled of living truth that flows by the throne that went to Great Britain: Brigham In the Parliament of Man, the Federation of

of God. It is sad to see men spiritually Young, Heber C. Kimball, Willard the world.

wrecked by being washed ashore by Richards, George A. Smith, and others. There the common sense of most shall hold

immaterial crosscurrents and spend "all They went to that foreign country with- a fretful world in awe, the kindly earth shall slumber, lapped And out in shalscrip.the purse without of their life bound and voyage A man in universal law. giving miseries."a lift acthem onlows and in was in his wagon If we keep

going are finish costed tothe stream, passerby a said, as he main by who we pleasin at the of \T7hen the Lord Jesus Christ comes, a ghostly missionour looked manner appearance on earth ing to the Lord. these missionaries, who were sick, who he is going to inaugurate the milShakespeare said: were leaving their families in sickness lennium. War will cease; enmity shall

disappear; shall of kings and the King "Mister, poverty: and in what gravestrange:But 'tis reign, reign as in only Christ the can robbing?"have you been oftentimes, to win us to our harm, yardAnd of midst of peace. over and a world

for rehere us pause tell Let truths, a moment of darkness instruments usThe shall forever. Barbaric end war What

's trifles, to flection. betray honest us withWin in the heavenly joy contemplation and

In deepest consequence. Brigham C. Kimball, Heber Young, in the future of this blessed enjoyment

Richards, George A. Smith in condition! there is Oh, hope what that Willard so unstable should be men Why weaklings. were no They were men this event. majestic mothers who You will-o-theafter will run everythey

for men. among you a moment Do loss the of your brave mourn boys who plausible, deceptivewisp, tempted by that think these stalwart these men, to for the will save world went freedom is plausible; himself deviltheories? The of undertaken God, have would men in resurrection. the be compensated shape. pleasing can a assumehe can He that perilous long unless journey and now, though sons Even your you know into angel an resembling himselffashion

in hearts, their deep knew, down sacrifice, have the supreme made you light, scripture to suit theyof can cite and he the that of by the Holy power Ghost listening still are for the resound ofhis purpose.

this the Lord? founded Church was feet. by turning essential for the salvation truth Every

It will be a pity if this United Naof the people of God is deeply imWe are filled with hope and faith.

bedded and enshrined in the glorious We are looking and praying for the tions organization shall fail to harvest plan of salvation. The instruments of glorious second coming of the Son of the fruits of this victory which was

darkness approach us by the way of God. When the apostles looked steadwon by the shedding of rivers of blood.

flattery. They will say: "You are all fastly toward heaven as Jesus ascended May the Lord grant them wisdom; may

right; you are a pretty good man, and to heaven, two men in white apparel they listen to peace, and the call of

the gospel is true."Then they will say: said: peace. May they have the Golden

their in always before Rule eyes; and First of the the Presidency Church"But. of Galilee, gazstand men ye Ye why their hearts fear the the of Lord, who appeals Against suchare wrong."this into let us ing heaven?. up. same Jesus, which to the earth as the of Prince shall come lest "betrayed ourselves isguard be into shall from taken heaven, so we up you

in deepest consequence."I testify to come in like manner as ye have seen him peace.

you in humility and in the inner surego into heaven. (Acts 1:11.) The Apostle Paul said:

ness given by the Holy Ghost, that from He will rule the world with truth and grace... the Lord himself shall descend from

the days of Adam there has never been And make the nations prove, heaven with a shout, with the voice of the a First Presidency with more power The glories of His righteousness archangel, and with the trump of God: and

and authority to act in the name of And wonders of His love. (Concluded on page 334)

MAY 1946 281

THE

OF GREAT MEN Wodk Bu JliLrt. Beouuen j

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Sunday resultant uncertainty and shattering of afternoon session of the 116th conviction it is only a short step to a annual general conference, scoffing cynicism about all ideals. The

April 7, 1946, in the way is made ready for the iconoclasts,

Tabernacle and they have not been slow to seize their advantage.

the last three days we have heard

INreference many times to the dis- /nce in awhile only, a great man apturbed condition of the world. pears upon the stage of this world

Brother Widtsoe put his finger on the or of a nation. He renders a service so ALBERT E. BOWEN

nerve center of it all. He told us that signal that after the curtain has rung

it is due to a feeling of uncertainty that down upon his life and he has receded afflicts the minds of men. I believe that far enough into the past for time to coinDouglas debates were "dull,"and

uncertainty is due to a breakdown of have softened some of the harshness "Lincoln himself disingenuous, shifting, faith in the principles by which men and imperfections which revealed themself-contradictory, evasive, opportunishave heretofore lived. They are not selves while he performed his part, his tic, deceptive; with a peasant brand of

sure any more that those principles are grateful countrymen, or perhaps the intellect, unable to grasp a complicated valid, and having nothing in lieu thereworld, set him up as a symbol of the economic or constitutional problem;

of, they are adrift with no settled conideals he portrayed, and do him homwithout capacity ever to understand the victions. In such circumstances life age. Perhaps they weave some legends forces behind the party he represented;

cannot be stable, and instability means about his name, but what does that whose prose was lucid and beautiful, weakness and unrest. To be strong men, matter, since he has become more of a but charmed by its style rather than its

conclusions indewhose were than a person an content, of symbol faith in the integrity anyway? As must havewe

sequiturs."fensible non summariThus sucideal he to an inspiration becomes they must Collectively something.

have such faith if they are to make ceeding generations throughout time. ly is disposed of the man of whom a

still colleague, in looking on his form in this nations. have country such had or enduring two communities strong We

its casket to belongs he said: "Now political scene. the conof them of deep men on of the absence One Because

ages."the George Washington. and is unrest human, and shifting was viction He we have

of nothing quite so fit to apply I know faults, reflects therefore, but that condition he must have had uncertainty, and itself in all the concerns of men, their they were dwarfed into nothingness by here as the observation of President political concerns, their moral concerns, the overtowering majesty of his virtues, Coolidge. Angry men demanded that

and their religious concerns. and his bequest to humanity. By soulhe do something to stop the defamers

It needs no proof that all the nations stirring steps, he passed progressively of Washington. Looking through his

today are politically a seething mass of through various commanding positions window to where the graceful shaft unrest and instability. Morally the to the high pinnacle, where he sits in pierced the blue, President Coolidge

situation is about the same, and for the stainless honor, the proper object of said simply: "I see the monument still

same cause. reverence by all men who prize pure stands."

justice, love to patriotism, cherish nothing gone, beliefs and and With the cynics indulged liberty. But place, at Co will it ever be with reputations their have have beentake many

the presumption that all moral values work on him. founded on the rock.

are gone and that each is left to set his Four or five years ago an unknown But bold as this historian is, he own standards and to live according to man wrote what he calls a history. It shrinks to small size by comparison

his own heart's desires. That means is reported that he is a teacher in a with the ambition of another who does

moral anarchy. That is a notion all too college and so can prescribe his book not hesitate to reach up and pull God

prevalent over the earth today. as a text and insure its being read. He himself down from off his throne. This

Others subscribe to the fallacy that has discovered that Washington was one tells us that "a new world must be men can live by ethical codes and that a vain, gloryseeking mediocrity, affectborn out of the dead world of the past."

the cocalled Christian ethics can be ing a modesty which was merely a pose He wants just one allencompassing separated from the Christian religion for effect, without military capacity or world state, set up by social contract, in which those ethics are founded. We the least trace of statesmanship. He which is to take complete charge of

see the result of following either of says that Washington "never had any human lives, and in which parents, these fallacious notions. Evil and corclear conception of the dynamic force teachers, and church are to be mere

ruption are selfdestroying. They conof ideas,"and "he never formulated agents to carry out the supreme will of

tain in themselves the seeds of their coherent theories of government."the state, where the "myth of God, of

own ruin. They debase, they destroy This newcomer in the firmament has the Bible and of Jesus Christ is to be

everything they touch. Ethical codes also turned his cold and luminous eye replaced by the fact of brotherhood by

on their part must draw their strength on Abraham Lincoln. He has pierced social contract."Did anybody ever

from the religion in which they have him through, with his gimlet gaze, and hear anybody complain about authoribeen founded. To try to separate them has found no substance there. With one tarianism in religion?

from it is like separating the twig from dexterous twist of his wrist, he has Yet another one of them tells us that the root whence it has drawn its nourtorn off the mantle from "honest Abe"ishment. That is true of socalled and has left him standing bare, exposed The things of highest value for individual

for ethical experience in the standards and cruel the gaze. ethics public spread big, and toChristian which His were

will long not be found unAmerica as out so fruit derstanding, root humanitarian heart took bore shrivandaccepted and intellectual leaders sensitivity maintain a els, Christ religion intellect left with he is and only which of the a partas significance over the supernatural of Chrisestablished. enough to supply the needs of a yokel. tian mythology, or a sentimental personal

From the breakdown of faith with For our new genius finds that the Lin- (Continued on page 345) 282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LIVING IN THE BONDS OF

O-Srothemood

ee oLd 5(4y Mafold d5.

THE OF COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

profound thinkers in our generation, receive from time to time. As the Latother than Church members, have terday Saints go home from this conrealized the need for revelations from ference, it would be well if they conthe Lord in order to give vitality to the sider seriously the importance of taking

teachings this of a church. the reports them of conferIt was Ralph with

let Emerson their it be the guide ence and to who said: HAROLD B. LEE Waldo walk

and talk during the next six months.

scriptures and conGreek Hebrew The the are important the These matters delivered at the Address Saturday tain that immortal sentences the have been fit in sees to this to reveal Lord people session morning the of millions, they life to of not but 116th bread do in the 1946. year this day annual general conference, integrity, epical are fragmentary have

April 6, 1946, in the and are not shown in their order to the inTabernacle tellect.... Nor can the Bible be closed until HPhe divine nature of the activities of

the last great man is born.... Men have this Church was never more atto of as revelation speak somewhat come in tested the this than of developments fitpreface ask could for no more

if done, long as given and were ago God last decade, the under inspiration when, I ting for this desire to say what faith throttles injury the dead. to That of heaven, leaders tryour have been the singing morning, of that thanI institutions the goodliest of preachers and ing this to the prepare against people Saints."grand hymn, "Come, Come, Ye inarticulate voice. uncertain an and become

As I sit through the conferences from The need was never greater for revelation calamities which were shortly to come year to year, I contemplate the great than it is today. upon the inhabitants of the earth. At

effort and sacrifice that have gone into the time when the nations of the world the efforts you have made in coming to Tn our day the Lord has given us the were fomenting hate and racial prejthese conferences and the seriousness reason and the purpose for which udices, this, the Church of Jesus with which you attend, regularly and revelations are given. He said to us in Christ, was sending missionaries to

faithfully, and in listening to all that is one of the earliest revelations in this many of these nations, preaching the said and the actions taken. I have asked day of the restored Church brotherhood of man and the fathermyself the question as to the purpose, hood of God. We were exemplifying

I the the Lord, Wherefore, knowing that at the here brotherhood home by conference, generalafter of a and the should calamity which upon come of priesthood inteamwork quorums and the of of the words Lord am remindedall, earth, called the of servhabitants upon my stake groups and by working Ward on in revelation, us, the a he gavewhenI Smith, ant gave and him Joseph Jun projects welfare in acmissionary and matters importantpattern which by also commandgave commandments; And

pertaining to his Church should be ments to others, that... The weak things tivities. When a false and inflated prospresented to the people. This is what of the world shall... break down the perity was abroad in the land, caused

he said: mighty and strong ones, that man should not by the demands of the recent war, this

trust neither the in fellow counsel man, people, largely labor, volunteer by it let shall as counseled be... done it be that every might arm of man filling surpluses storehouses with were hisflesh—But

at elders the the of conferthe church..by. the the in Lord, of speak name God to otherwise have that would gone the accordingences, to which knowledge earth; faith in the also increase might That waste. building grain were a They time. time tothey (D. receive from & C. everlasting might covenant be mine That

storing at elevator grain the time and58:56.) fulness gospel of the established; That my

As in olden times, so in our day, holy mightand havebe proclaimed.spoken it;. these.. Behold,commandmentsI am God whencause itwheatwas notwasneeded.being destroyedThey were,bein

men of God speak as they are moved are of me, and were given unto my servants obedience to the counsel of the leaders upon by the Holy Ghost, and whatsoin their weakness, after the manner of their of the Church, filling their own cellars to that undermight language, they theyever come speak upon moved by when their the and with basements comown it erred, standing. as they inasmuch And shall scripture, shallthe be Ghost Holy modities necessary the to meet needs

as inasmuch known; might be made And the shall will the be of the Lord, mindbe that in foreseen a to come, were day inthey be might wisdom, they sought shall of the the voiceof the Lord, be in order the the to drain and reduce on.. they as structed; were inasmuch And the the of the Lord,Lord, and and word that public supply otherwise be would strong, and might they. be humble made

power of God unto salvation. It should blessed from on high, and receive knowlneeded for the prosecution of the purbe a great comfort to the Latterday edge from time to time. (D. & C. 1:1728.) poses of this government. The things,

Saints in this day of which the Lord it seems to me, that we need most in foretold, when peace should be taken And so obedient to that purpose, the world today, are, first, a recognifrom the earth, and the devil would there have been in this day, our day, tion of the "modern Josephs"reprehave power over his own dominion, to men commissioned of the Lord with sented in the leadership of the Church hear the Lord say in revelation that in power and authority, and he has given today, because of the prophetic vision that day he would reign in the midst of them the inspiration to teach and prothey have exercised in seeing this day his people and would have power over claim these things to the world for the of want and destruction; and second,

his Saints. But in this day when the purpose the Lord has set forth, and he we need "modern Pharaohs"in this and

arm of the Lord shall be revealed, they has done it here in this conference and other nations, who will recognize the who will not listen to the voice of the will continue to do so until the end of statements of these leaders of the

Lord, neither to the voice of his servthe conference, that the important Church as the mind of the Lord and the ants, neither give heed to the apostles things might be counseled by the elders word of the Lord to the world in this and prophets, shall be cut off from of the Church to this people according day.

among the people. Some of the most to the inspiration and revelation they (Continued on page 321)

MAY 1946 283 VJ or the first time in several years, all four of Sarah's children would be home for a midday dinner on"Mother's Day—like old times."Sarah WITH LOVE TO

had been planning it for weeks, half fearful that someone would have to break the date at the last moment. But she explained hastily. "And besides, I "Here, Mom!"Jack pushed her

no one had. They would all be there, sort of wanted you to be here when gently down again upon the divan, and

business and at this boy go ordered, "Now, a mere became voice twoand her oh-h-h!"oh! grandchildren—Jack's

.. all all, her. after you'vegirl. the systematically would like to have Sarah lifted from she as whisper gasping

grandchildren present; but Helen's boy box on her lap a quilted satin robe, only got two hands, and how can you

was away at school; Carolyn's two delicately blue and incredibly soft She open a package if you stand there with

daughters had gone on a weekend stood up, holding it high. "Oh!"she both hands full?"He took one packglee club; high school their set it on her lap. "Now... and age with"tour"again. said "How—beautiful!"to preferred it!"Virginia, wife, to slippers, too, Mother."go Ted's areand "There

leave their twin boys in the care of Carolyn bent over and took them from Sarah bent her head over the packtheir nurse, at home. She didn't like to the box. "Now you'll be a glamor gal age she was unwrapping. She jerked

upset their schedules, she said. and knock Dad for a loop, all over at the ribbon knot, broke it, and pulled

Through the dining room door and again."away the white paper, discovering a

the wide arch opposite, Sarah could see "Put it on, Mother,"Helen sugbrown cardboard box whose lid came

Helen seated beside Dad on the divan gested. Sarah obeyed, helped by eager off unexpectedly and let its contents

in the living room. They were deeply hands. She did not feel like a glamor spill over into Sarah's blue satin lap.

engrossed in the garden encyclopedia girl; she felt like an overgrown boudoir Small brown bulbs, a dozen or more,

which Helen had brought as her Mothdoll—all dangling arms and legs. But rolled down over her knees before she

er's Day gift to Sarah. she beamed on her family as their flatcould right the box. She heard Carolyn

The kitchen was pleasantly fragrant tering comments babbled around her. gasp slightly, felt Keith's sudden conwith good food. Sarah opened the "... and imagine sitting around in cerned glance. The spilled bulbs, deoven door for a peek at the big ham, that, while you listen to this!"Ted exscending, had left tiny earthy stains on

browning deliciously; lifted the cover claimed, patting the radiophonograph. the pale satin.

and potatoes in new I hear which to wait it can't pot theof get "Let's on Sally pounced Jackie, and going—Jack, did She simmering. have were where'll peasgreen you it Mother, myself! gleefully. them returned bulbs the and

air, for surreptitious a with thingsthese it?"gone anything of oblivious were They over and over her reminded helplessly. had TheHelen around looked Sarah wrong. unnecessary were the potwatchings for large farthat too cabinet big was garden,''glad Jack your Mom,""For Helen, range. electric radio this modern old smaller, thewith corner where never varieties you've said. "Twelve

a twowith a it widow twentythree go? She wonat could stood. Where I plant some think. We'll had at for, become had care to sonyearold dered. after yet,awhile—hm?"College of Knowles reply of head the necessitythirty a the her Sparing Trust nodded. Jack Sarah Beaming, earning a department, front the economics moment, particular that athome her pet hobby, her abet aid to and awesome. was Sarah with to that admit Jack, tosalary burst open door

... almost she gladiolus garden "glad"west the through glance Atwoods youngest Another the two and Margie for moment, stained a the robe forgot of a sight by in shrilled rewarded whistle was behind. Jack'swindow close

till half whispering—heard she Helen into turning just car creamcoloredbig all ears:

It's probabCarolyn. worry, "Don't and that would be Ted must ExcuseAtwood Street; "Whewew-ew! me—I I brush off only dust and will she saw immediately such ly AlmostVirginia. house.!"easily. at the wrong be Noanother, equally impressive, the dignisplendorous dame lives where I was hope so; that lovely robe—fied gray one that was Carolyn's and headed for—"He grabbed Sarah off Sarah's cheeks burned. She should

Keith's. Sarah's heart lifted. It wouldn't her feet and gave her a resounding have been more careful, of course.

be long, now; Jack and Margie, each kiss. "That for you, Beautiful!"Ted spoke up proudly;

class, things, School to hear going you're Sunday a taughtof "Now whom Atwood!"Jack down, me "You—put start I soon. to records folks. very twenty brought along bewould giggled. half And half gasped, Sarah arrivals finest kind, the too new with, hear could you She she feet again, Mother—the her finding on

... living... in the vocal, chattering opera grand symphony, andlaughing ashamed!"you added, "Are—arentherself ladies, have youroom. instrumental—what'U rippled around laughter Indulgent doorin the shy, suddenly have?"you stood, and She gentlemen?—what'll them on bent eyes Indulgent them. moments for long didn't seem have"they would them watching "Whatway nevertheless, a holding, indulgent, but filling room her. The noticed matter, been had however. to He theybefore suit was Jack's contempt. mild sort of in crowded voices, spoke, as and he record filled changer with theseemed cut. hair his a needed shinyworn, timid. They felt almost and out swelled a music she moment people;with here among shabby, almost looked Jack all by, stood sound. important other all so He drownedwere looking—well hurothers. Sarah of the elegance the... prosperous. dials. selfconfident, turning enthusiasticallydressed, small the and ried Margie to welcome imposing an this!"to to "Listen he shouted made make theyAltogether, small girl carried two and who boy.. pride lifted with for heard. heart himself volume "This Sarah'sgroup. eagerly. out held they which packages,..."it this soft can The. have or youin them.

Then they saw her, and she became "Look, Grandma! Daddy let us carocean of music receded swiftly to a

presents!"Jackie announced. ry the ripple. as "Just you want center of their affectionate attenthe it—and alSally added precisely, And full rich, this tone!"sametions. "They're ways

with for you, sang both, Keith Mother!"day, "Happy love from Daddy "It's—wonderful,"Sarah murmured.

us."and packages and Mommie all producedout, and they

that seemed enormous. Sarah took the packages and re-

"Say! You haven't hooked this thing ceived from each child a soft damp JL/inner! Sarah had all but

up, have you!"Ted was moving over kiss. Over Jackie's tousled yellow forgotten dinner. She rose hastily, forto the large radiophonograph which head, over Sally's pretty blond curls, getting also that she was still enveloped

he had sent out the evening before. Sarah met Margie's wistful smile. in the long robe. Her first step caught

Sarah's conscience smote her, hearMargie's dark suit admitted several the hem. "Oh!"she cried, stumbling,

ing the disappointment in his tone. "I seasons'wear, in spite of a frilly new conscious of another blunder.

—hadn't decided just where to put it,"white blouse. "No harm done!"Jack caught her

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "No, it didn't,"Sarah sighed. "In ginia murmured. And Ted remarked,

old times, visiting and being neighborly "Swell dinner, too, Mother. We must

and keeping family ties, seemed the have you and Dad in to see us, soon."

most important things. Now, it seems Carolyn and Keith left shortly afteras if almost everything folks do, is for ward; Keith must get to a committee

business reasons."meeting, they said. And Helen, who

"Well, it seems to pay—in a way,"must work on her class outlines for the

Jack glanced significantly around. "Me week, was gone before five o'clock.

By—I'm sort of in favor of the old ideas, Dad, wearied by the "excitement,"setMARYHALE lotI guess.more Imoney,could haveI guess,beenif makingI'd takena tled to a nap.

that traveling job Keith offered me. But

pleasant and It warm was to; not I'm glad Margie wanted me WOOLSEY in troweled garden. spaded the and Jack all the rather together both be we'd

zest. hope with "Gosh, we Margie—I if time to the poor even have be we soon. of our place own, swing a can relations. we're wrong; maybe Maybe this!"us, like a with garden Imagine

... foolish we're but happy, we're and said,laughingly. an Carolyn But on

it, before long,"Margie have "We'll that's us."counts with what breath: quickanxious faith him. love assured and were There over. soon, dinner "This let help was Too out Mother, "Here, you me in in happiness face her her and and stick meal's so corners square the me!"It's this. forof the boudoir, not your

."her. to Sarah's voice. hug Sarah wanted

. said. laughter, chairs were Jack Amidkitchen.

swelled. heart and warmed outside back. drifted pushed men The the glad to Sarah escape to.was finished, planting they wandered The "to the look aroundkitchen. world; This her was own place"—except the investigating garden's progaround proan apron and donned Jack,busy, who hurrying, her having with happy ress. recalling that springs other And girls"dishes. help "the to ceeded do her.children lounged around Dad in this here along same had moved silver putting the Sarah all was wall, away atagainst of them. a beaming also, remembering, manner; miraculous

in. cameIn of when Ted a they minutes matter seated were again. that not days come would soon, to "Sorry so leave have big table. the wearound grinned, "remember Jack "Mom,"I've at Mother. But appointment an Isn't this fun?""Gee, Jack Mom. I for dahlias that time mistook your fourthirty; of these it one know, youasked. of here us one "Every... 'em up?"and hoed weeds,

I affairs, afcan't pleasurefor-business it'sisn't possible; since long been how

I first dahlias ever had,"Sarah "The to ford miss."it last. see; happened how Er—let's I laughed. "I so could mad, have was Virginia it dish hung her uplong been?"has towel—not trounced you!"

relief. quite her concealing probShe'd years Christmas,"Sarah ago "Four hurt "Trouncing wouldn't have me bored, ably thought. been VirSarahstated.

half mortification did, so as much my ginia to sophistiused such smart, "It's was declared. shame!""This a Jack

I I'd a dahlia thought look never Mom. affairs. social cated to to a ablefamily ought be manage

... here's in again. the face Right where

... "It's life,"evening or said, every complicated sohome a month Sarah it? isn't pile long, the so sand had we

but, smile. has bright to a always folks have managing do "How... no—someone locust the tree old where And we

it club all?"a or meeting business conference. ever with keep up right there. swing, over our Gee, had

it?"to that nice,Didn't use did be being way, here you,"Virwith "So

... fun. at to but used have Look we

Jackie and Sally, racing with that cat;

aren't they having themselves a time!

Wouldn't they love a big dog like our old Rover. Sometimes I think I'd like

to turn farmer like Dad was—so my

kids could have the free sort of life we had. I even like to remember the long

days we used to work, Mom. Kinda

wish things didn't have to change!"

"Memories go on,"Margie said softly-—always.Yes, SarahMemoriesthought, memoriesflocked aroundgo on

her as the fragrant afternoon faded.

She counted the minutes as a miser might count his coins of gold—holding

each one lingeringly, lovingly.

Later on, the three of them walked to the little old chapel for evening services.

When they returned, it was deep dusk;

Dad, rested and refreshed by his long nap, was helping Jackie and Sally assemble a jigsaw puzzle in a pool of lamplight on the living room floor.

I almost forgot—"Oh, for"Jackpete'sdashedsake...outside, and

they could hear him opening and closing the doors of the "jalopy."He was

back in no time, with a square package held carefully in his hand.

"Not meaning to steal Ted's thunder,

Mom... but since he was getting you

this thing, and told me the records he was bringing, I sort of thought you'd like some of your old favorites... just

for variety maybe."

( Concluded on page 310) -MAY 1946 285 THE PATTERN OF adwrdtom By SPENCER W. KIMBALL i

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Friday testimony had been fully borne, they afternoon session of the 116th beat him and burned him at the stake, annual general conference, a martyr for a great cause.

April 5, 1946, in the Tabernacle HThen there was Stephen, one of the seven men called by the apostles to of after the welfare the work is sisters an look brothers: This and

".. faith. full of church. he was And I experience. inspiring haveMY great did wonders and and power, interest the great listened to with

6: people."miracles (Acts the among of thetestimonies remarks and my

arrested. (they) he 8.) But "And was I thatbrethren. there sure today am testified false set witnesses"up who of ofare thousands hundreds many

all of against kinds accusawith him the Saints throughoutLatterday tions. at length warning, a spoke He represented who, andworld you by

calling scripture, repentance to quoting tesus, bearingwith are and today you his testifying of and Redeemer and this divinity great the of oftimony in their reminding part of Lord, themwork.

crucifixion. his canbetrayal and Men

Some of the brethren have mentioned not stand to be denounced for their SPENCER W. KIMBALL

our great heritage and our ancestors sins. They cast him out of the city

who have left us that heritage. Brother and stoned him.

sinners. running publicans and associating mentioned with membersWidtsoe given Paul, conhad There was whointo the a breaker, called crossed thousands Sabbath a him many who They the of to sent Stephen, martyrdom who

sacrifice. plainsthe at evader. personal authority, great of usurper tax a

his his to seal also with testimony was sedithat heresy of thousandsThere with charged and number were him They it, for, tradition that has he blood was tion. Salt said ignoramus, the died to an and be between Nauvoo waswho He Lystra; at at Iconium; stoned mobbed

their being testimonies sealed valley blasphemer, accused a of andLake and left for streets the through and dragged arrested, their fornication. to blood. ofwith martyrs born were was They He at imprisoned whipped and dead;

thorns, seer, their torn prophet, asa spat cause, great with upon, mocked, was Philippi; Thessalonica; arat abused

vile seized revelator. beaten. aand and by was He sent to at rested and Jerusalem Rome circle his inner led from one by mob I about to wish say a few words for in years. prison he where was two maliciously to betray planned had who is onemartyrs. martyr says a Webster prison languished In the he Mamertine

priests elders him. and Chief took refor suffers voluntarily deathwho finally nine Peter for with months and

to to against "counsel put him Jesus religion. hisfusing to renounce at the with the sword, beheaded was

fault. death."Magistrates found no fifty before years of Nero. hundred one command About

the prisoner examined governor The Peter, the birth witnessed there of Christ,the came among much of who his saying: but washed hands his transfiguration, ministry, his Lehi, ofthe Lord's descendants a prophet

named Abinadi. Fearlessly he preached death and resurrection, and became the... I am innocent of the blood of this

repentance to King Noah and his faithleader of the church, was also to seal just person: see ye to it. (Matthew 27:24.)

his the his blood. of all with guiltyless testimony Impeople were who And Judas had finally repented and times to subjected to prisoned demen. andcrimes many known He boldly

cried: writers abuse, called immoralities, their physical say that andnounced much

them to repentance. "... Away with he was crucified in Rome after nine... I have sinned in that I have betrayed

this fellow,"the king had commanded, months'imprisonment there and that the innocent blood. (Ibid., 4. )

his to crucified chose for with to he be head him; have slay do what"and we of his told followers Savior had The

felt since is of he to he for unworthy mad."(Book was he him,with down his for die death. approaching must He in the as atdeath did posture same 13:1.) meet Mosiah TheyMormon, sins his the the of seal to and world

his Lord. him, he but hands to lay ontempted testimony. he hour This knew. His

let not that them wouldwarned God crucified come. him, had the Son They

until his is demessage Christ of the Jesus martyrdom was himharm npHE of Calvary. God, onlivered. well established—it followed closedis- new dawns—a with he spake And power and authority lylife.theHispattern.enemies,His lifefailingwas tothefindperfectany "Anotherpensation;daythe opened. heavens are (Ibid. 13:6.) God.from

guilt in him, resorted to mobocracy The Father and the Son bear witness

Then Abinadi prophesied of the comto end his life. He answered their every again to earth. Other heavenly visitors

ing of the Messiah, his life, ministry, question, performed miracles which restore priceless blessings to men, and and death. The king commanded that astounded them, did good everywhere, another martyr gives his precious life

he be bound, cast into prison, and but chastised and rebuked them for to testify to a faithless, skeptical, and threatened their adultery, insincerity, drunkenness. unbelieving world that a personal God

their vainglorious threatened is lives; He way that his the Jesus Son Redeem-

... thou unless death shalt put to be thou life; called hypocrites, of vipthem he is er; that truth restored. and again The hast thou all which the recall wordswilt

ers, prophets. of murderers and had life details He of the are of Smith Joseph people. and evil concerning my mespoken

Ibid. 17:8.) restored the gospel and established his familiar to us. He announced at once

kingdom. It was inevitable that he his glorious vision of the Father and

Abinadi answered that he would recall should die to witness eternally of its the Son and was immediately oppressed nothing and, having been sent of God divinity. His every word was criticized; and persecuted. Modern scribes and

to deliver a message, he would continue he was accused of being a deceiver, a Pharisees have published libelous books until his mission was finished. When his glutton, a winebibber, a common person ( Continued on page 316)

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA men have and are rendering immeasurable service. ESTABLISHMENToLeetter FROM ELDER Nowhere in all the world do members love and sustain their Church leaders OF AN OUTPOST

here. wholeheartedly than more Never TAFT EZRA BENSON

of Zion, especially the songs have and "D OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE for Thee, a Proph- v idingbeautifulaboutprairiesthree orI fourcamemilessuddenlythroughto "We Thank O God, et,"been sung with more soulstirring some round and sloping hills, grassy, and

Read by President George Albert fervor. Yes, the sweet assurances which crowned with beautiful groves of timber;

Smith, Sunday afternoon, come from burning personal testimonies while alternate open groves and forests

April 7, 1946 of the truth are enjoyed by the thouseemed blended in all the beauty and harsands of Saints in Europe today. Never mony of an English park. While beneath

TTS Church leaders and Saints genwere there more sincere expressions of and beyond, on the west, rolled a main

LX erally assemble on Temple Square gratitude and such spirit in meetings as branch of Grand River, with its rich bot-

J. x for the annual conference of the that witnessed in the services just comtoms and alternate forest and prairie. As I

Church, thousands of faithful Saints in pleted in all the wartorn countries of approached this lovely scenery, several deer all parts of the European Mission exEurope. and wolves, being startled at the sight of

tend their heartfelt love and greeting. We all join in sending our deep love, me, abandoned the place and bounded away

assurance of our faith in the work and till lost from my sight amid the groves. Begratitude for its blessings. May God ing pleased and excited at the varied beauty

bless you all at home and prosper the before me, I cried out, "this is Mount Piscause of truth in all the earth. gah."

18, 1846; the

Pratt, and ( Signed ) Ezra Taft Benson THEriderdatewaswasParleyMay P.

Mount Pisgah, now Union County,

I WHAT Iowa, was one of the temporary stopOWE MY ping places of the Saints as they moved west. Behind them, to the east, was

htm,er purpose.Garden Grove,To the awestplacewasservingto be Wintera like

By William O'Donnell Quarters. Two days later, May 20, the brethren

From a letter written aboard an aircraft sent an invitation to Garden Grove, for carrier of the U. S. Navy April 20, 1945 all who desired to come to Mount Pisgah, provided a few families remained

Previous to my entry into service, at Garden Grove properly to care for

I loved my mother very dearly. the crops and the improvements that

EZRA TAFT BENSON Today, I love her even more. But the Saints had made.

that love must have been instinctive On May 22, Brigham Young again

I never warned that those who were immediateWe feel very near to you all in Zion because, for several months, although separated by great distances, once thought of why I loved her so. ly continuing west should be fully

military restrictions, and material limitBut now I believe I am prepared to equipped or suffer the consequences, ations. Our hearts are one with yours. explain it. and "must not expect assistance from

feel the great of unity bond and this others."leaving Before temporaryWe is It she because displayed has such

isfellowship of the one which sweet in settlement Iowa June, Brigham faith incredible almost that courage andfruits the gospel. are grateof ever We for the arranged had community Young I It is I love her do. as she lived becauseful its rich blessings. for five of fencing to thousand a hundred life, beautifully taught a moral and me hardships has brought and war The land, acres into of which surveyed was live to that way. suffering distress.untold Destrucand

five, lots. ten, acre twenty and Thetion, hunger, anxiety are every and on I the misuse Perhaps "taught,"word call for the government's formation of of our Saintshand. are without Many little said she because comparatively to the Battalion to soon Mormon was fleeing or thehome country—refugees right distinguishing about me from for the finding plans the change of aterrible the of ravaftermath and war It wrong. her have must keen been

in "far the that in west"fiends home of new In the away form.ages human

all spirit that affected children has her all is this of soulthere butmidst one summer.

so forcefully that so completely and refuge,satisfying the restored gospel recently Elder Rogers, returned Noah is a spirit Hers me in place. has there been heldof Jesus Christ. Never the that from South Sea Islands Mission,

in fitted dwell only can with a body for heartfelt gratitude membershipmore first died 31, the to and was be May all for love things good, forgiveness andin the than sweetnow. Church The first there. six buried the During months

all is for mankind.ness the gospel of appreciated more the settlement's of history about one

fully. faith Saints the is stronger of The Indeed, the well must Lord be fifty Saints, hundred of many whom,than before. ever her, pleased pleased with and with me bitter the the weakened of exposure by in the Europe, wartorn Everywhere to allow of to noble so be a born me exodus February from died Nauvoo,faithful of bereft the Church, members

of earthly material positions, face the parent. and were buried at Mount Pisgah.

future with courage undaunted. This is Had she not led me as she did, I During the summer of 1846, William

in great contrast to the melancholy, would not possess those priceless gifts Huntington, Ezra T. Benson, and

suicides, and discouragement all around I now claim as my own. Charles C. Rich were in charge of the

them. Members are volunteering to do Because of her I must live a good settlement. Elder Benson wrote Brigare sustainingmissionary work. They 6, that:

are willing to life to show that I am worthy of the ham Young on August anxiouslyeach other and things for she has to me, done show all theirgive the establishment toward Saints here are enjoying peace The and efforts that her in vain. not were And in earth.of the In the kingdom I plenty; the crops of God are fast very growing and

that to pray choose a com- I may God allthis in activities in other the inand likely to are produce abundantly. Peas,

terest of the Saints and the Church as panion that may be spoken of by my cucumbers, and beans now form the table a whole, our Latterday Saint servicechildren as I speak of my mother. (Concluded on page 306)

MAY 1946 287

, N DEFENSE OF P.l

V 8* WjarL C. Petersen

HE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

these boys have made, together with the be preached to the children of men in thousands of other Americans who have order that God could fulfill the covedied in defense of liberty, there are nant that he had made "with his people, still those in our land to whom freedom O house of Israel."And why was freemeans nothing. There are influences dom so necessary in connection with

and movements and groups and organthe restoration of the gospel and its izations within the borders of the promulgation among the children of

United States which today, if they men? In order that those to whom the

could, would rob us all of our free gospel would be restored might have

MARK E. PETERSEN agency. the freedom of speech to preach the

Latterday Saints, of all people, gospel; the freedom of the press to pubgospel; the of assembly freedom freelish firm in of defense stand should

together gather in concould so they Address delivered at the Sunday a special has meandom. Free agency

the Lord; gregations worship and and the session afternoon of free us. to that 116th ing without know We religious so that could they freedom general conference, annual progress. there be no agency would

dictates the to according worship in God the 7, 1946, April itself gospel that is based the know We conscience. of their own Tabernacle free principle of the agency. Yet upon

alus there are have among some who President F. Smith discussed Joseph

the return of our with side to slip to you in themselves rejoice one lowed or this subject in this way: from Saint servicemen reorient to Latterday the other, they need and

I their many assignments overseas. I themselves in line with the divine revThis great American nation the Almighty

am grateful for the strength they will elations we have received concerning raised up by the power of his omnipotent bring to us in our various organizations, the principle of freedom. hand, that it might be possible in the latter

for the to estabof days kingdom be God I sincerely stakes. andin the wards

in lished preearth. the If the Lord not had Latterday returning thathope every for us look or at one a moment T et of the foundations the pared by laying way

activihis will resumeSaint serviceman that of the phases it of freedom two nation, this glorious been have would ty in the Church without delay. are so important to us. Most of us beimpossible (under the stringent laws and

These servicemen have accomplished lieve that America is a promised land, bigotry of the monarchical governments of some great things during the last few a land of destiny, and so it is. But what the world) to have laid the foundations

for the of his great kingdom. (Goscoming is great servthat destiny? renderedyears. have They

Doctrine, 409. p. their likewise toice to the and Church Anciently, the Lord made it known pel

country. In the main, they have been that the gospel would be restored in And along the same line, President

true to the standards they have been these last days; that it should come Brigham Young said:

loyal sure beentaught. they have I am after of forth period a apostasy and

that the prebelieve has been Lord We patriotic, in fighting defenseand it this of that forth land should upon come his paring forth should he bring that when sacrifice It great a has beenfreedom. It of that the necessary America. was that, fully the time set work, should when servicefor thousand hundred our one forth free gospel should under a come there his footplace might come, be a upon

men under the Stars and Stripes, to form of government in order that the stool where sufficient liberty of conscience leave their homes and schools, their modern people of God could carry on should exist, that his Saints might dwell in work, and their families. But it has been their work without regimentation or peace under the broad panoply of constitu-

a greater sacrifice for those who have restriction, and, therefore, God deditional law and equal rights. In this view

of battle, brunt the for manyborne of cated America to freedom. wetion considerwere inspiredthat thebymenthein Almightythe Revoluto wounded, some of been haveour boys

off the the of shackles govthe throw mother the Savior among was When are severely. our of boysthem Some

religion. established ernment, her with For forth predicted Nephites, the he coming nervsuffered severeblind; have some this Franklin, Jefferson, cause Adams, were this told land; of the Gentiles he upon are injuries; there mental andous and inspired others of host Washington, and a forth the of about the gospel coming will never walkthose them among who the of resistance to of to the deeds acts

it itself is in said: and "For wisdomagain. Britain. of (Discourses, 359.) Great the King p,

[the Gentiles] should Father that they Deseret have The Many died. We at this in established be be set So spoke Brigham Young. land, and to determine endeavored haveNews

free the as the of people a up by power servSaint Latterdayabout many how colonists feel that our American Did these Father, the things"—meaning in killed war. the wereicemen Our

in assisted the they Almighty were by gospel forth principles—"mightthat come if is yet incomplete, but asstudy we

their winning independence mothfrom is, believing them,"that the from from for the total the to estimate wholewere certainly er country? did so and They the Gentiles, "unto of of a remnant figures that the uponChurch, based themselves. expressed them Among that the seed, the your covenant of Fafar the compiled, thus been numhave

in the George Washington who, was fulfilled ther he hath be which may servicemen Saint Latterday ofber inaugural delivered address April he on his people, covenanted with house O this their lives in given war havewho this: said 30, 1789, Israel."III of of (Book Mormon, five hearts thousand. Our exceedwould

go out in deepest sympathy to the famNephi21:4.) No people can be bound to acknowledge

ilies thus bereft. Note that language if you will. The and adore the Invisible Hand which conThose boys fought and died that Gentiles were to come forth upon this ducts the affairs of men more than those

States. the of United Every which step by land of peace enjoytheir set families America. might were to be at home They they to the character of advanced have an

also, in the cause died, free people. to up as a were They Theyand safety. to nation disbe independent seems have been

of freedom, in the cause of free agency, thus established by the power of the tinguished by some token of Providential freedom of action, free enterprise, if Father, and the purpose of it all was agency.

you please. In spite of the sacrifices that the gospel might come forth and (Continued on page 340)

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

RELY UPON THE LORD

% /yOteph—'-Dmitri

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

they think they are wise, and they hearken twelve years, but they knew that they were not unto the counsel of God, for they set it pilgrims, and looked not much on those aside, supposing they know of themselves, things, but lifted up their eyes to the heavwherefore, their wisdom is foolishness and it ens, their dearest country, and quieted their proflteth them not. And they shall perish. spirits.

(II Nephi 9:28.)

Their reliance upon the Lord was their

Amidst the greatest learning that the greatest safeguard.

world has ever seen, we have seen the After that memorable and tedious greatest perishing the world has ever voyage across the ocean, as their little seen, greatest learning our been has and ship lay in at anchor Cape Cod Bay, utilized the for of destruction God's JOSEPH F. SMITH they faced insurrection. with were

children. "But to be learned is good faced possible with were anarchy, They

if of the counsels they hearken unto there because their those were among

Address delivered at the Saturday God."{Ibid., 29.) Again, no man renumber who were determined that there morning session of the 116th ceiveth the fulness of truth—no man should be an anarchy. The wiser ones annual general conference, may be truly educated—except he keep among them knew that anarchy must

April 6, 1946, in the the commandments of our Father in inevitably lead to chaos. But in the

Tabernacle heaven. This great revelation concabin aboard the ship they gathered tocludes with this statement: gether, and with reliance upon their

brethren and sisters, will you And, verily I say unto you, that it is Father in heaven, brought forth that faith, will will give to translate should hasten your and the Mayflower me that you Comyou myMY scriptures, to obtain a and knowledge in pact,—"thefamous document,beginning that prayer my of American join me I may my

be equal to this assignment? of history, and of countries, and of kingdemocracy."I would like to take just a

this all of doms, and man, and laws of God in minute to the before last welfare meetNight read it to you. Notice well

for the salvation 6. of Zion. Amen. ( D. first C. theing called the the President words: of Church

93:53.) attention to the fact that a people we as little relatively duringhad suffered the I should like to take a few moments namesIn yearenameunderwritten,of God, Amen.the loyallWesubjectswhose

war, and he suggested that we think on this morning to give consideration to of our dread soveraigne Lord, King James, this. I have been thinking about it since some historical events. As I go about by ye grace of God, of Great Britaine, Franc

he called it to our attention. This counamong young people I find, tragically, & Ireland king, defender of ye faith, &c,

try has suffered relatively little. Grievthat among high school students, the haveing undertaken, for ye glorie of God,

ous as have been our bereavements, the two subjects most heartily disliked by and advancemente of ye Christian faith, and of king countrie, honour our to a voyage & in this countrypeople not are, wanted have the greatest of persons, number first plant in colonie parts ye Northerne ye for food; suffered they first, not dephave history. English, and second, Our Virginia, of these presents solemnly doe by

It is rivation. that think well on educational system do well we would in mutually of presence ye God, one and to &

these things, and think upon the reasons think upon that. If we would be wise, of another, covenant & combine our selves

therefor. we should know how we got the way togeather into a civill body politick, for our

In the great revelation which conwe are. Only a genuine study of real better ordering & preservation & furtherance

of aforesaid; ends ye vertue hearof and by history bring that about. counThis cantains that famous axiom, "Mormon"

to enacte, constitute, just frame such and 6 all try, lands, other choice land a above is intelligence,"glory of"The God we equall acts, ordinances, lawes, constitutions, the thereon people enjoyed have and this:read offices, time, to shall time as from 'be & blessings. country This tremendous thought for convenient most meete ye & I is Spirit truth of the of God. The am I can't in outline preparing. long was generall Colonie, of good unto which ye we truth, Spirit of of record bore me, and John just like story. I'd the to touch whole all promise submission obedience. due and: truth, fulness yea, receivedsaying of a He events. In or one important witnes whereof have hereunder subtwo we all truth; receiveth of aeven no man And

scribed at 11. our of names CapCodd ye his fulness unless keepeth he commandof our year of the November, in ye barons ye raigne in 1215 back whenments. (D.SC. 93:26, 27.) VSJay

lord, soveraigne of England, King James, King from * * wrung John the Magna

Franc, Ireland of ye eighteenth, and & true to is the me,That, key to Charta, it seems modern beginning we had the fiftie fourth. Scotland 1620. ye Ano: Dom. later, in receiveeducation. a can Sometime fulof true democracy. man No

ness of truth unless he keeps the com1517, Luther nailed his famous theses mandments of our Father in heaven. to the door of his church in Wittenberg, 'HPhere you have the beginnings of

truly democratic government, peoafter is not that, in 1555,Learning time been have wisdom. not a great and We

together to frame just laws is that learning thinking the intomisled the of gave ple bound Peace Augsburg famous ultimate in education. True education freedom of worship to Protestants for their own observance, under the

must result in wisdom. The learning breaking the tyranny of Rome. Still guidance of the Lord. And later the

of Declaration Independence was later,in is great. finding the stand breathof Puritans, world a band We

setting drafted. After forth the reasonsless the of scibefore marvels bethemselves persecuted myriad in England

ence. The wisdom of the world is puny. cause of their religious beliefs, went to for the separation, by setting forth their

Witness the devastation of war. May Holland, and after twelve years in a grievances, Jefferson, speaking for the

I take a moment to read a verse from foreign land, amongst a foreign tongue, colonies, concludes thus:

II Nephi which I have often quoted, they decided to set out for the new We, therefore, the representatives of theregarding this matter of learning? We world—for real religious freedom—and United States of America, in General Conhave had reference made in this conin 1620 headed westward across the gress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme

ference to the foolishness of socalled Atlantic Ocean. The great governor, Judge of the world for the rectitude of

wise men. William Bradford, said of them our intentions, do, in the Name and by authority of the good People of these Colonies,

... O the vainness, and the frailties, and the So they left that goodly and pleasant city solemnly publish and declare. That these

foolishness of men! When they are learned which had been their resting place for (Continued on page 320)

MAY 1946 289 JOSEPH SMITH

Dm j-redident cJLeui Cdaar Monna

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

spirit, the knowlthe the minds of of men a descendant was SmithJoseph the second, to word; holy of God's edge emigrated Smith Robert who

America from England in 1638. dream to preserve the government of

Robert Smith had lived in Boston, the United States and its divine ConLincolnshire, England, the ancestral stitution, that man might find life and home of Governor Bradford and the peace in its laws. In other words, refamous men of the Plymouth colony. ligion can come to birth in the soul of

It was also the ancestral home of Presiman only through a conquest of the dent George Washington. That old ordinary, natural world which surstock was deeply religious, and there rounds him. PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG

was wonderful strength in their forms terrible he persecutions which belief. Smith Robert may The Christianof the at delivered Friday Address called withstand to had been had for when Winthrop,have John known session the 116th afternoon of with of God. a of him He man made Massachusetts, in Boston, landedhe general annual conference, place driven from his been people had written there, and had wasWinthrop in April the 5, 1946, them, their from taken place, lands to people: histo Tabernacle to put scattered families their and and

great of to church the service It will a be redress. want. There no was sorrow and

into the gospel carry toconsequence heart, his in and lay undying hope these An coming help to on the world the ofparts forall the adverse subsisted through Gentiles. of the fulnessof the

tune and tragedy which he and his peowere the words which Milton put into

Joseph Smith came of such ancestry. ple endured. Their hope was founded on the mouth of Satan in the assembly of

A new religious idea was launched the new vision, and they were blessed the rebel angels.

that day, when the Father and Son apwith a forward outlook. His people They stood their sufferings with a

peared to Joseph. The doctrine of clung to him. Not once did he utter a feeling that the compensation would be

"grace,"the outgrowth of the Protesdiscouraging word, but kept his eye on a divine sweep of God's message.

tant Reformation from Luther's and the goal which would yet be attained. Cheerful, they accepted the heavenly

John Calvin's day, was met by the divine He had grown to manhood in a new age call without murmur, and they "made truth again that man is in the image of of the world's history. He had noted the their suppers of songs."What astonGod and is free to work out his salvadivisions of Christendom. To him it ishes us still more was their resignation,

tion. The divinity of man was emphawas the most conspicuous reproach and their respect for government. With

sized anew. A part of the greatness of its chief cause of inefficiency. How meekness, patience, and goodness, they

any man, a sign of his worth, appears in could the pure word of God be taught, left their homes to give the glad tidings the unbounded reverence wherewith he for the different divisions were a denial of a new day.

stands or kneels before his Maker. One of his spirit of love and fellowship. The This is why our history has been

great trouble today is the fact that man whole Christian world was a dismemtragic. It is illustrated in the famous

has not esteemed himself high enough. bered condition of all groups and sects. march of the seventies of the Church

Man has forgotten the divine injunction Grotius, the Dutch historian, had said from Kirtland to Missouri in 1838, of the Master when he said: in the seventeenth century that the when six hundred men, women, and

going the Christ of children from teachings were started the storms out amid Faas your perfect, even ye therefore Be sciLeibnitz, the persecution, of world, German plodding and day on day by is perfect. (Matt. is in heaventher which

teachings the toof in that cloud entist, declared sunshine camping and and5:48.)

Christ were lost in the varied teachings gether at night with their prayers to

Considering the gospel, the same enof such men as Luther, Calvin, and God for protection and rest that they ergy and aspiration are needful today Erasmus. Today thinkers like Stanley might continue their march on the moras in the days two thousand years Jones, Adolf Deissman, T. Z. Koo, Karl row. As President Joseph Young said

ago. Whenever the followers of the Barth, Ivan Lee Holt, and a host of after the long weeks of weary travel

Master have lived on the highest levels, other leaders in thought have been put were over:

they have struggled for one tremendous to wonder just what the pure doctrines the into of this journey compensation The the world of regeneration are. Willett, L.thing in of Christ Herbert: The

chilwill realized be seen and by our the divine. light of of Oriental the emeritusthe professor When lanWestdren day. some

is lost, Living of the of University at the Chicago, God guagesknowledge

Christianity becomes merely a name. made this statement in 1939: God was their sun and shield. As the

said, upon the Psalmist health of back he thrown Smith was wasJoseph divialthough church weakened by The spirtheir to ask. his that countenance, put presence and was andone thing A to services sions, important rendered has content the in their hearts. within gladnessitual world dawned it is facing generations, other today but

of his soul. From his youth up, he problems so serious that it is forced to realize As one reads the Doctrine and Covesought for an understanding of the will the enormous liability which its divided connants, the revelations of God to the

of God and the way to attain the kingdition involves. Prophet, one is overawed with the

dom of God. It meant to possess the sublime teachings pertaining to the

priesthood, and to possess this light and "*""*Among these are the class hatreds moral life of man. "The spirit and body

power meant to live the life true to his which prevail, the exploitation of are the soul of man,"and the soul shall

God. Man never reaches after the youth by commercialized amusements, be purified by living the highest ethical

divine unless the divine works and is the lure of vicious literature, and laws that have been given to man: the

acknowledged in his own life. the yet unsolved drink problem. These Ten Commandments, the Sermon on

From his life, his writings, his revelaare the present issues which the "disthe Mount, the Parables of Jesus, and tions, the Prophet had but two main membered church is unable to encounter the many examples of the way Jesus ideas at heart: first, to establish within with success.""Divide and conquer"(Concluded on page 314)

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LIFETHE WAY OF

Address delivered at the Saturday oLeCjpand IKlckami afternoon session of; the 116th &

annual general conference, PRESIDING BISHOP

April 6, 1946, in the Tabernacle that he cannot find an answer to in this am very happy, my brothers and sisglorious gospel, and I wonder if those ters, to have the privilege of attendof us who are here today feel that

I ing this conference. I think we have "Mormonism"is the most wonderful

been wonderfully blessed of the Lord thing we have ever heard of. I wonder

in the outpouring of his Spirit, and, if we have the faith that the early memabove all other things in this world, I bers of the Church had when they made thank the Lord for my membership in such sacrifices in order that the misthis Church, and fellowship with the sionary cause of this Church might be hearts carried world. Their on in the Saints.Latterday

touched; of LE GRAND RICHARDS they led out were fortyone years this were It has been

month since I left Salt Lake to fill my darkness; and they realized the glorious

first mission in Holland, and I have truths the Lord had revealed to the som for sin of all the inhabitants of the been thinking while sitting here that Prophet Joseph Smith. earth. Then it tells us the purpose of

this the gospel time to hasfrom that in the to me. everything worldmeant HThere was another in the earliest knowledgeour creation,andthatintelligencewe are hereand toexperigain

history of the of the inhabitdays I at report whenI remember gave my that prepare ourselves ence and we ants of this earth hungered first who in missionthe the ward close of my is. and might as he go on and become

to which I then belonged. I made the thirsted after righteousness. That was

statement that I hoped the Lord would our Father Adam, and he went to the T like to read the seventysixth section to Lord. the from wanted know He so enough often mission asend on me of the Doctrine which Covenants and

it that should Lord be I why was men spirit I retain that the had couldthat refer been to to as have wont we "The in baptized remisreceive water and a field. in gosthe missionenjoyed The is Vision."that the of one most me To I sion their sins. like of to would And its its all teachingspel promand with scriptures marvelous has that ever been to the read of statement the you Lord real blessingsises a has become and far revealed to as as men, and know we in to his to question. answer Adam all life, He heart in withthing and my myits it until last this never revealed was said: I all it isI true, to hope and do know it dispensation, and to given when was

II live help to proto long as as. can.. as into the inasmuch ye were born the it Prophet told that he Joseph was

in fellow faith the of hearts spirit, water, blood, worldmote the by and and my transcript of a the was the record of

I of made, have which so and dust becamemen. eternal world. privileged Paul to was living soul, a so even must born again ye be in that marvelous said Sermon Jesus it, see for he into caught the up was into the of of heaven, water, kingdom and theon Mount: third the heaven paradise and of God, of Spirit, the cleansed blood, be and even by

Blessed are they which do hunger and the blood of mine Only Begotten; that ye but he was not permitted to write the

thirst after righteousness: for they shall be might be sanctified from all sin, and enjoy things that he beheld. This revelation

filled. (Matt. 5:6.) the words of eternal life in this world, and indicates who are worthy or will be

life eternal the in to world imcome, even in to obtain worthy a place the of each I to testimony bear to you wantAnd... it is glory; mortal to given Therefore three degrees of glory as in described I the that is within promisethat know in abide the record of the you; heaven; that revelation, like sun, unto one the every every of andreach the things woman man Comforter; peaceable of immortal

who does hunger and thirst after rightglory; the truth of all things; that which one like unto the moon, and one like

eousness. quickeneth all things, which maketh alive unto the stars. Is there any man or

all in Israel all all things, loves things; the that woman Lord which knoweth who I while ten ago, years was About

all to according hath power, wisdom, and loves truth the and hungers and and States Misof thepresident Southern truth, justice, mercy, (Pearl judgment. and thirsts after righteousness would who lettersion, a I received from a woman Price, 6:59, of Great 61.) Moses this not desire information to guide him telling ofin of the South number the

life in his to indicate and life what his reread the had pamphlets she gave to underbooks and Lord Adam Now in must be order of the to be worthy it the elders since thatgarding again stand Mormonism, born by being was glory which as the celestial we know Spirit door. at the hercalled is of the she that the way, and water it was ( By glory, likened unto sun? the first time has the she in Salt Lake, of thehere in given to abide record him

had an opportunity of visiting the headheaven. I wonder just what the Lord And then we are told in the song

quarters of the Church, and I imagine meant by the "record of heaven,"and written by Eliza R. Snow, "Oh, My Fais present in this meeting. ) In this let- I thought that it meant that it reveals ther":

ter she said: unto us who we are, where we come For a wise and glorious purpose

hast placed here earth on from, me here, are Thou are where why we we to conclusion that the Since I have come withheld the recollection And eternal that that truth great and is I going, thing the wonderful most"Mormonism"former friends birth. and Of my are sons daughters in very and deed we I of (and have always ever heardhave

thought I could never be anything but a of God, the Eternal Father. Is there When I think of the information that

Baptist), I would like to know what the any truth that men could acquire comes to us individually as Latterday read. read of I have their Church your faith theirmembers through obedience and Saints the through patriarchs this of

psychiapsychology, philosophy,books on that to than more would mean know I Church, think when blessof what my etc., intry, of search Science, Christian that this into every born world man ing has I to meant that received at me life's problems, and toanswers own my possibility the has to develop and grow the of hands I father my when was the unremained to problems say,needless

like our unto and Heavenly Fabecome eight I old, years realize in I that the hope. butanswered, have now

ther? sight of the Almighty we are in very

And I am grateful to the Lord that in In our relationship to each other we deed individuals, each one with a the gospel we teach there is an answer are in very deed brothers and sisters, destiny and a purpose and a mission in to life's problems. I have wondered and Christ was the Firstborn, the Elder life to fill, and I can think of no greater

just what one could really want to know Brother, who offered himself as a ran- {Continued on page 322)

MAY 1946 291

Leenienmai lav or NAUVOO TEMPLE

<=J-JedicaLton

MAY 1, 1846 MAY 1, 1946

Mayof 1,the1946,publicmarksdedicationthe centennialof the diatelyrecordsputon toJanuaryuse. Brigham1, 1846:Young

dollar million Temple Nauvoo early Elder C. hour Heber At an

were whose membersby a people I temple. to the alKimball went and

ready in exodus in the wilderness of The plasterers have commenced to Lr the west. of ceiling the lower plaster the arched

is laid, floor the It frame hall, the work THE NAUVOO TEMPLE was on January 19, 1841, that the

Saints were commanded to build a temof the pulpits and seats for the choir ordinances the while of the Temple, ernment of finishare put band and up; and the work at &.ple (D. 124:27.) C. The Nauvoo.

their to quorums. administered being were progresses dedication the for ing room for sacred edifice selectedlocation the for altar used the was afternoon This new

It site in noblest the Nauvoo. was rapidly.1was first their individuals time, four the and and

to be located on a bold eminence overThe holy endowment, given by the wives were sealed...,5

it Mississippilooking the River, where at a select to few Smith Prophet Joseph for miles around. Corner- 'T'he forced trek west began on Febseencould be to the given 1 842, 2 Nauvoo, was May 4,

stones for the building were laid as part worthy members of the Church in the ruary 4, 1846, when Charles ShumMissis-of the first to cross the beginning was Temple, December the general conference on April 6, Nauvoo way last 1841. is the sippi. 7, 1846, 5, 1845. 3 February months During the next two On

The building was just one story high endowment work was a night and day recorded endowment given in the Nauwhen enemies dealt what they believed activity in the temple. On January 3, voo Temple. In the two months some

twentyfive hundred to three thousand endowments had been given and recorded."The records are preserved in

Salt Lake City.

Nevertheless, almost daily small groups of the elders met in the temple for prayer and to work on the building.

Brigham Young, with the body of the

Saints in Iowa, records on March 9

The Twelve met in council at my Markee.

We wrote to the Trustees at Nauvoo to gather up all the milch cows, sheep, oxen, and mules they could; and from fifty to one

hundred young pigs, in cages, for the next camp that came out; and that Cutler and

Cahoon roll out with their companies as quick as possible; also, wrote Orson Hyde

dedicate to stay and the Temple, at Nauvoo return. 7 if the did not Twelve

A lengthy, unsigned statement quoted in the Brigham Young account of

March 1 1 advises that: "All the JackMormons [lukewarm and apostates

who let their religious convictions be governed by the events of the day] are..."8 From painting now settling in Nauvoo.

of Nauvoo by Groups of elders continued to meet

Lane K. Newberry and pray in the Nauvoo Temple during the month of March. Meanwhile the

to be the death blow to the Church, the 1846, one hundred fourteen individuals Saints were leaving Nauvoo and were martyrdom of the Prophet and the Pareceived their ordinances.* being organized into companies of huntriarch, June 27, 1844. Nevertheless, the This from the Brigham Young manudreds, fifties, and tens, with officers apwork moved steadily forward, and the script of January 7, 1846: pointed to preside over each group. By

the six o'clock laid latter about of part of the April majority the capstone was Presidents of Seventies in counmet The shouts left amid faithful 1845, 24, the of members had morning Nauvoo. May cil, in relation in order to keeping the Temthe assembled 30: April from on Then of "Hosanna"ple, the to delegated the govTwelve them

Saints. Mobs were still seeking the (Concluded on page 294)

Church leaders, and the unpublicized Library,1ManuscriptSalt LakeHistoryCity),of BrighamJanuary 1,Young1846 (Historian's 5Ibid.. January 7, 1846

early morning time, seemed advisable. Documentary History of the Church, V:l-2 aManuscript records of the Nauvoo Temple

As portions of the temple were com3ManuscriptManuscript recordsHistory ofof theBrighamNauvooYoung,TempleJanuary 3, 1846Manuscript History of Brigham Young, March 9, pleted, they were dedicated, and imme1846 Vbid., March 11, 1846

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE ROAD BACK

f\enabilitation of the meniattu\tallu ill

:1:/ SS -:::

waits on entianteneatfi pipublic opinionopt

By LINCOLN THOMSON

witnessed a wonder and a marvel! admitted. There have been recurrences,

A marvel of modern science and of course, and some patients have had

I psychiatry in the hands of highly to return for further treatment. But by

skilled physicians who transformed a and large, the patients, once through young mother from a delusional, acutely with the prescribed treatment, have redisturbed state, completely unable to gained a place in society, and again control her mental processes, to a stable have become integrated with their member of society able to return home former environments. "How are you feeling today?"I

and take her place in her former imasked.

portant role. "\17hen the superintendent of the hos- "I am fine. The doctor says I may

There are thousands of people in our pital asked me if I would be intergo home soon. But I don't know how I

country today who are mentally ill and ested in making a study of insulin and ever got in this hospital. Doctor says

who have not been given the care and electro shock therapy as applied to I was very sick,"she answered without chance to become rehabilitated by bementally ill patients, I had apprehenhesitation or cloudiness of mind.

ing hospitalized. The young mother sions that I might not be able to watch "If you keep on responding as you

was made well because her husband the pain in others during the process have in the past two weeks, you will be was persuaded to have her taken to a of the treatments. able to go home to your children and

hospital shortly after her mental col- I thought of them in terms of shock husband,"the doctor told her, adding, lapse. such as comes from pain, fright, or sud- "Who is coming to see you next SunAt first her husband was reluctant to den emotional disturbances. I soon disday?"

have her enter the hospital, because like covered that patients experienced little "My husband,"-—this without hesitathe majority of persons, his notion was or no pain from the shock treatments. tion.

that "once you get into a mental hosOne of the first shock treatments I "Who was at the hospital three Sunpital you'll never get out."witnessed was administered to this days ago?"he queried.

This is an unjust stigma which has young mother, the wife of a hardwork- "My husband. May I go back home

been attached to mental hospitals and ing farmer. Her five children were born with him next Sunday?"she asked hopeto other institutions that care for the at approximately thirteenmonth interfully.

mentally sick. So long as these bevals. Aside from caring for her children "If you improve as much in the next

nighted ideas exist in the public mind, she assisted her husband with chores three weeks as you have in the past relatives of the mentally ill will not that are a part of dairying and poultry three, it is very likely that you may feel free to bring them into a qualified culture. accompany your husband home,"the

hospital for treatment. Too few of us It was impossible for the couple to doctor told her.

realize that the mind can become sick hire a girlof-allwork. Finally, the After fifty treatments had been adjust as easily as the heart, liver, kidyoung mother broke under the strain ministered to Mrs. C, she was an enneys, or any other organ of the body. of childbearing, keeping house, and tirely different person from the one who

The foolish stigma persists that it is a sharing hardships with her husband, had been brought to the hospital. After

disgrace to admit that a relative suffers who was farming alone an acreage that a period of close observation she was from a mental disease and has been innormally would require three or four allowed to return to her home, to all stitutionalized. men. She could not carry the load. appearances entirely well. Whether the

tired confused and Her commind body illness atthe recur, doctors and would the only not mother This young was pletely gave way. did, tendants say. not could howThey than the during I followed case more the to hosshe brought was When ever, a give betterthan-even her chance off at a six and I observed on months pital, call shall her, Mrs. was as we Q, for further having to return of never hospital. mental difficult to her handle. case After had treatments if not subjected to the same

here as used "shock"term The diagnosed, she the given does been was life inrigorous that was hers before comfright, of pain, the production not mean sulin after the treatment. hour A half hospital. ing to the

startling, or sudden emotional redosage, she became relaxed, probably sponses. The term came into use befor the first time in many months. From '"Treatment of a mentally sick paresembling features certain of cause then followed her "reconversion"on I tient his particular depends upon

called for years has been many what intervals. at regular Mrs. ills just C. responded type of illness, as in physical

electricity "surgical shock."Even when thirtyfifth magnificently. At the illnesses treatthe of mental types are many

is feel the not used, the person does reflexes ment her mind and were greatly varied. and treatment can Sometimes

shock. improved. be directed to eliminate causes of menSince the shock treatments began, an I received permission from the doctal illness, in instances where certain

amazingly high percentage of mentally tor to converse with Mrs. C. and to toxic conditions and nutritional defiill people in varying degrees have left most of my questions she gave intelciences occur. Sometimes even though

hospitals better than when they were ligent, wellthought-out answers. (Concluded on page 312)

MAY 194o 293

Centennial of GENERAL CONFERENCE, FRIDAY MORNING

Iowa, people These who crossedNauvoo Temple JOHN A. WIDTSOE Quarters, had towards Winter moving

Dedication "This will{Concludeddo,"andfrom pageother279)men say, lostof thea prophet.man theyTheyloved,hadwhobeenhadrobbedcon-

( Concluded from page 292 "That will do."There is no unity of versed with God, who had been inin certainty. Church, understanding, the strumental organizing no

at dedicated Temple The was Nauvoo guided. been they through had whomthis evening. Elders Orson Wilford Hyde, the of spoke today Smith President fear? loss; they did a terrible but It wasWoodruff, John, Joseph, Phineas and H. to said: peace. know way He "We of the gospel truth the of knew They Bernhisel,Young, and M. J. Heywood, J. L. the the peace."to were They way of certain the were Jesus.several others They Lord present. were Elder Joseph

Young [senior president of the First Coungreatest words uttered at this session its origin. They were certain of the

cil of the Seventy] offered up the dedicatory of the conference, or that could be utpriesthood, with its power and authoriprayer, dedicating the Temple, and all that tered—that we know the way to peace. ty. Here was another man, just a plain

pertained thereto to the offering Lord, as an Saints the Latterday sought have who glazier, painter, ordinary and a man, as evidence the of willingness anto Him of light, find truth, to sought the have who highly a endowed woodworker, man fulfill to people,His His commandments, the given themselves to have study who likeothers nature, there but were by buildand holy at house, His risk even the of gospel restored the of and practice this been endowed. wise had man On lives, theirof all the their sacrifice and of

labor and earthly goods. He prayed for the Jesus Christ, know the proper way of conferred the authority of leadership,

Twelve and all the authorities of the life. There is no doubt or hesitation even as Joseph the Prophet had it. The

Church, and for the workmen that had about the issues of life. Those things followers did not hesitate a moment.

fled. is the inwrought the Certainty great upon the world's of have midst Temple is eternal, and continuous, God's work

persecution, want, suffering, for and and parlianeed. or congressional From as leader followed they the they newthe deliverance of the poor; that the Lord halls, halls leadership of from mentary in before, the followed days and Joseph direct thewould brethren the of of Camp in the the world, cry everywhere great I will, leaders follow our hope, as weIsrael, the before open them lead way and issues: to that certain be "Teach us how I this interject thought today. here to of placethem a May His appointment for own

is right, for the of and what good do we allthe of gathering Saints. the diminution of has been There no powThat God

would avenge the blood of His servants the the cause we represent."er and leadership in this Church since

Prophets and of the Saints who had been The voice of certainty, perhaps the the days of the Prophet Joseph. The

slain for the testimony of truth the is the great and greatest need the world, of is as authority today possessed samemete out to our the enemies same measure all to people. message of Mormonism that possess then; the and men whowhich they us.B to meted had out Christ of are In the gospel Jesus few a in as capable are as authority our day

The following day the building was simple fundamentals, eternal truths, those of the past in carrying forward the work of the Lord.given a public dedication by Elder Orwhich,dation ifstonesaccepted,of everymay servestructureas founthat

son Hyde of the Council of the lead to man's permanent and eternal Ouch are the lessons from the past.

Twelve.10 good. History is a dead thing unless used

m as lessons for us of a later day. We

/\n Sunday, May 10, about three DECISION think of the events of a hundred years thousand Saints met in the temple By Deon Nethercott Olson ago. Contrasted with conditions in the

lessons in courread today, Church we lightly years tripped dreams "Cor my where Elderat Nauvoo Wilford in faith daily to us our help age and the through clouds of theWoodruff Council of the before our the before and Lord walk feet with each were leaden Twelve While*- still my preached and Elder Noah Packard bore daily care. fellow men.

his testimony. 11 My hands were busy with a thousand In conclusion, our great need is to

chores, learn how to be sure and certain of entry of the The last Brigham Young things that of pertain the gospel to in my heart to me, "Sometime, the A promisesomewhere—forJournal is: of the month June 1846 Christ the and Jesus Lord be couris in stole following them. Certainty his ageous thieves Ali and never But Baba

this During average an month attendance precious more gem for of faith. part another but a nameof about Elders twelve evening every met idle ourselves promises Than make we faith nothing; with can do and Without wein the at Temple and prayed; meetNauvoo other men. 1* faith anything accomplished. be mayings also held were the Sabbath. on life tricky of leading has a such way And this of the latterday great In kingdom astray us

The temple became the focal point While we slow the feet of dreams with, the Lord, we live and move and havefor the ire of the enemies of the Church. "Someday, somehow, someway—our very being in faith. Our forebears,

across ago, years trudged hundred one life I suddenly building Quite set the was passing knew that aflameAn incendiary plains of the Iowa, beyond, knowand 10, 1848, andNovember the tower was if ing destined, they that they were Sisters longer with danced no My by.dreamsdestroyed. A tornado blew down the in the sky. obeyed truth, to help build the kingdom

north wall of the skeleton building May Their footsteps echoed with the dull and of God upon the earth. Let us go fortread weary faith the and today same with ward27, the to 1850, years follow and in wartired, their beaten soldiers burying the Of just feel certain certainty. as we May residents of pullednew down Nauvoo dead. this in of that did as they day many we

the reuse remaining walls the buildto the destiny great Unnourished dreams and problems, grow weak same wan have ing stone. surely But Temple had and the Nauvoo help build the of kingdom God on—to propel I must mydie.dreams high in the changto labors us earth. strong its in ourserved purpose. Make been fully It had

ing sky. destiny, our complete I pray in the name ordicompletely dedicated,and and to I seek send them back up to the twinkling

Christ. Jesus of the Lord Amen. stars tonances the given therein had been

worthy membership of the Church, To dwell in wedlock for eternity with Mars. FRIDAY AFTERNOONwhich became a blessing to the whole And, now, my timid spirit bends with trembling kneeChurch.—A. L. Z., Jr.

glancing in Thine eyes it humbly pleads JOSEPH F. MERRILL And

Ibid., April 30, 1846 with thee: (Continued from page 280)

the sacred "Like Holy Galahad who sought 1, History, 1846 Journal May patience, ty, are tolerance, and kindness Grail U-Ibid.. 10. 1846 May factors. operating of the essential some let don't Please, thine approbation. seek History Manuscript Brigham Young, June 30, I of

1846 me fail!"And in the home where these prevail

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY AFTERNOON and go forward battling valiantly for are now 360,000—more than twice as

the cause of right, Christian morality, many. In 1944 the American people spent

for alcoholic billion dollars than seven the ugly specter of divorce will never justice, truth according as the Lord more and for to that spent drinks, equal about a sum enter. intellects us given eyes has to see and charitable religious, all educational, and

... Men are, that they might have joy. to understand these things. Satan and work combined in a similar period of time,

(II Nephi 2:25.) his hosts are on the alert to extend his as the following shows:

his increase power. and all For in the domain United the spent money Add is essential fulness a to Wedlock for 194142, during States the of instance, year school notwithstanding testimony

joy. Latterday Saint every Let who spent that including educational purposes, facts that the conprove which and enters precincts the holy of the marcolleges all schools, private public and on results of alcoholic beverages sumption

riage firm state so with determina- a do special professional universities, and and spiritual physical, in mental, moral, and all libraall tion live public including types, of that schools to the so joys hapand evils kinds, that types of and and many all kinds. ries of reading and rooms To piness obtainable his therein be may is or the liquor business always more gifts all this expenditures, and the sum, add realization. instituted Marriage was less there corrupting, lawless and then religion for 1942, is bequests to organized himself. its by violate one can God No in foot to all on expenditures Utah Red American from a movement add now covenants with impunity. local chapthe national funds and Cross this business, by the multiply to extend

A nd now a few words about smoking avenues of liquor sales, and to increase ters from January 1942 to March 1945. To

total this of the National the income add liquor the be obdrinking. ease with which to speaking and may I am for the Paralysis Infantile for Foundation tained. Latterday people acSaints—to who 1944; add ending period eight months'May

official in of cept repeal advocates as The being a of Wisdom the Word States health the United for the expenditures divine revelation. This being true, they 1 933 loudly proclaimed that the saloon service; add the expenditures by the fortycannot indulge in the consumption of would never be allowed to return. That eight state governments for benefits in 1941,

liquor or tobacco without having, to disreputable joint was a stench in the such as public safety, health, hospitals, insome extent at least, a feeling of guilt nostrils of cleanminded people. Destitutions for the handicapped, public welbecause the Lord has said liquor and cent women never darkened its doors. fare, corrections, and recreation; add all the

federal of expenditures the government is proposition to multiply the But are intobacco not now man, and good for fiscal the Social the under 1944 during year in is fold the places therefore where dulgence many Utah contrary by to his assistance, oldage including Security Act, will and to Church teachings. So when liquor may be legally dispensed and aid to dependent children, aid to the blind,

it comes to smoking and drinking, a turn myriads of dining places and food unemployment compensation administration;

Latterday Saint and a nonbeliever are counters into liquor taverns. Further, add the Department of Labor expenditures

not on the same moral plane. The latwe are asked to legalize the sale of for maternal and child health service and

ter is not conscious of sinning; the liquor at social and night clubs. All of crippled children; add, finally, the expendiVeterans'States tures the of AdUnited this effect in social is. turn every would former then Latterday do Why fiscal 1944. ministration the year during into eating public is club place and Saints indulge? variety of a There

is total these $7,039,914,950 of all a The sum Is saloon. folieves is there anyone chief reasons, perhaps but one who for that spent as the amount same—about night clubs clean, rethese bethat are other would do. people or more 1944. during theWe alcoholic beverages we Can

less influenced by the actions of others. spectable, lawabiding places? Experibelieve it? The seven billion dollars spent

A woman wears short dresses because enced people know that many of them in 1944 for alcoholic beverages drew that it is the fashion, not because it adds to would be dens of drunkenness, gamstaggering amount from the cash registers the beauty of her appearance. But the bling, fornications, and other vile of legitimate business. Further, in Ameribillion, fortyseven hundred four one ca things. said:Lord

grain hundred of and two pounds Will the good people of Utah permit million... they that knew no law shall have fiftyfive million, six thirtyeight hundred

part in the first resurrection; and it shall be opening the gates of hell wider than thousand (238,655,000) pounds of sugar,

tolerable for them. (D. & C. 45:54.) they are now? On the other hand, syrup, and molasses were used in the manuAlso: should they not unite to secure better facture of distilled and fermented liquors.

For of him unto whom much is given laws, better enforcement, more restricYet abroad millions of people are dyingmuch is required; and he who sins against tions—all in the interest of a better and for food.

shall fortythe greater light cleaner receive the greater environment? Nineteen

(D, 82:3.)condemnation. is & C. centennial year. Millions seven of Statisticswere 28,309showtrafficthat accidentduring 1942deaths,therein

Is this not a merciful and just standard tourists will come within the borders of 25.1 percent of which the parties involved

by which to be judged? I repeat, Church this state. Shall they go away with the had been drinking. There are some signifimembers cannot justify themselves in impression that Utah has copied Reno? cant facts relative to alcohol and crime

violating the laws and commandments Certainly not! that are illuminating. The F.B.I, reports

cities a that having for in 596 1932 show title is "Utah, the of Love do. Thee"of the because Lord nonmembers We

there 831 of 21,660,000, were population a song joyously us prove sing. Let will case, inIndeed, person we each any populafor arrests per 100,000 drunkenness to satisfaction love the of our cenour does, held for accountablebe he what cities tion. there in these In were 1944

visitors tennial fixing I cleaning up, his byfor free agency. given But he is 100,000, arrests for per drunkenness 1,726

call attention to the fact that every perup, and painting up, not only materially, more than double. The F.B.I, is quoted as

son is accountable for the example he but morally and spiritually as well. In saying that our crime bill is $16,000,000,000

sets and the influence he has with preparation let us at once begin to live a year and that "twentythree percent of others. Be he ever so humble, his words a more genuine Christian life by abthis is caused by drink."

and acts will affect one or more of his staining from doing evil, by more fully Further, an officer of the Distillers'Probefore Corporation, speaking a Rotary duce living the intensifyGolden Rulefellows. and for by Hence, and these words

traffic liquor the said Club, 1945, October fair, efforts our honest, to be dehis ingacts give an account. he must That industry a almost is spending $50,000,000

example may be good, particularly for pendable, and just in all our dealings year in advertising, the purpose of which, of young people, is one reason why we are with our fellow men. course, is to get more men and women and

so persistent in trying to convert to And now a few more facts relative young people to drink. Whither are we

abstinence all of our older people who to alcoholic beverages. These are taken going?

indulge in the use of narcotics. from an article published in The ChrisCan Latterday Saints, wherever

But let me warn you that smoking tian Advocate, February 21, and writthey are, in Utah or elsewhere, favor and drinking are on the increase among ten by M. E. Lazenby: any move that will make liquor more

the people, as are other evils such as "PiFTY million people in the United States easy to get or more widely consumed?

juvenile delinquency, gambling, Sabalcoholic forbid! *- drink the Lord of all May beverages—half fornication, profanity,bath breaking, fifteen people over years of age. Three that the I pray Lord will give us all

and other types of wickedness. million of these are excessive drinkers, a greater desire and a stronger will to

alcoholics. being chronic 750,000 Has live righteously, and I do it in the name situation the there view of wholeTn is drinking public become enemy Number Christ. of Jesus Amen. for Saint Latterday need to every In preprohibition this One? country days

buckle on the armor of righteousness had 177,000 licensed liquor places; there (Conference Reports continue on page 314)

MAY 1946 295 wimmmmmMmm

T Teard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt

A A Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system By RICHARD L EVANS every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central

Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

outk Wometk f\uln Lsn J-rotectLt jrlatLenn9

nPb see and to say sincerely complimentary things about '"Phere are some words that take on cherished meaning for others is a gracious custom that does much to make life us, some words the very sound of which is sweet to livable. But, as always, along with the genuine and the recall—so much so, that we are often inclined to accept

good come the counterfeit and the bad, and the counterfeit them at face value, without questioning whether or not they of a sincere compliment is flattery. There are many degrees have other meanings, other implications. And one such

of flattery, and many motives that prompt it. Sometimes it word is the word "protection."From our first remembrance

is no worse—but also no better—than the numerous varieties of being encircled safely within the loving arms of a lovingof socalled "applepolishing"—the sort of thing that stumother—safely away from the world and all its cares

dents indulge in with their teachers, in the hope of having the word has been of cherished memory. To lie down at

a few smooth words accepted in place of a little earnest night, secure in the feeling that there are those who watch, study. There are times and places where the atmosphere adds sweetness to our sleep. To be protected from the

seems to be surfeited with flattery—where everyone tries blasts of winter by the warm walls of a solid home adds yet

to outdo everyone else in speaking extravagantly flattering greater meaning to the word. To be protected in our rights,

things, and where not much of anything that anyone says our privileges, our property, is a blessing beyond price.

rings true. To flatter someone in anticipation of continuBut there was never anything good or desirable in this

ing favors or preferment may well prove to be the most world but what someone tried to overdo it, or misuse it, arduous and unsatisfactory kind of work, difficult to conor exploit it—and protection is no exception. For example,tinue and difficult to quit—-because those who are given to something of the sweetness of the word is lost when probeing persuaded by flattery are seldom satisfied. Indeed, tection of a kind that isn't wanted is offered at a price that

flattery is much like a drug, everincreasing doses of which no one wants to pay, at a time when little or no choice is such as that offered by the gangster orproduce an everdiminishing effect, until at last the result given—protection

against a danger that doesn'tis negative. And he who lives by flattery rather than by the racketeer—protection

merit lives a precarious existence, and should learn, while exist, but which will be made to order, if necessary. For

there is time, that the same amount of work devoted to conanother example, we have the reminder of recent history structive and honest purposes brings better and safer rein which perhaps no country was invaded, no domain sults. But flattery is most malicious when used with delibviolated, except for the alleged protection of those who

erate intent to blind the judgment, or to weaken the resoluwere being overrun—and the world has had cause to weeption of others—to induce them to act in a manner less for those who were so protected. Often with the best

worthily, less intelligently than they otherwise would, or to motives, and sometimes with ulterior motives, there are cause them to yield some point of principle. Of such uses, wouldbe protectors who become too protective. And somethe Psalmist wrote: "with flattering lips and with a double times men have become so enamored of the idea of protec1heart do they speak."And of such flattery we may well tion that they have in fact lost their freedom, have lost

suppose the devil himself to be a past master, as "he flattheir right to bargain, have stripped themselves of the

...tereth them, their leadeth souls their interests and decision of to catch are... conwhere thempower own

their inselves snare.""Flattery their in fact, corrupts the cerned. cases protectors have, both In such own become

... giver.""let thereceiver flattery their Therefore, and masters, question follows: the often then and be Who

kept out of friendship."* And certainly let it never be trusted will protect them against their protectors? Even the prowhere there is no friendship, for "a flattering mouth worketh tection of heaven would not be desirable if men were enrum. slaved there. And such considerations we would do well

iPsalm 12:2—March 3, 1946. ever to keep in mind, lest we permit ourselves to be misled

2Doctrine and Covenants 10:26 by good words that have had false meanings thrust upon

3Edmund *Cicero, DeBurke,amicitia,Reflections50 B.C.on the Revolution o[ France, 1790 them.

BProverbs 26:28—March 10, 1946.

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmm\

in which the basic causes and the simple cures are not

Jke flower to (L>ndiurn always easily discernible. Sometimes the cause lies very

wonder others and of the troubles upon look sometimes often for the we moment which influences—influences

been have those who to them. something endure there is they But about. We seeWehow near home, and sometimes it rests largely with outside seem helpless to do much

suddenly stricken by sorrow, by accident, by some thoughtbe said concerning one of the causes that we can do someless or illadvised action, or by the loss of loved ones, and thing about. Perhaps we had just as well admit to begin

we wonder how they carry on. We see those who have with that our authority is sometimes exercised unpredictborne some longsustained trial or disappointment, perhaps ably—sometimes because of prejudice, sometimes because

year after year, and we wonder how they continue to face of impatience, sometimes because of whim and convenilife with courage and purpose. And, supposing ourselves ence. According to our feelings at the moment, we may

that think to we couldn't inclined disposed are adamantly their places, in we time, and at one disposed leniently us. But be befall to were if identical tragedy such seemingly carry on of possibly questions with dealing in at another,

the fact is, we don't know how much we can stand until we merit. Sometimes we are led by temper to threaten conhave to. Life doesn't consult us as to the time or the place sequences more severe than we intend to invoke and which

or the manner or the degree of the experiences it visits we could not in justice deliver. Whenever, as parents, it and of men thousands countless are there our position, us. authority of the upon And maintain to necessary becomes

of trials bitterest kind the being through without lived have punishment threaten to who women be well not it would who thought beforehand that they never could have ensure it is deserved, or without delivering it when it is dured such experiences. But, when difficulties come, we deserved. Children are discerning. They may call our

do somehow bear them. We bear them because often there bluff if we threaten more than is just or more than we can

confident are it, because respect about we to else do isn't anything to break down tends of which effective—all of make because troubles, and to our and parents will end an there between come that is it so only not And for authority.

our conviction that life is purposeful and that there is an children, but it is also true between men and society.

unfailing eventual justice and compensation. And thus we Respect for authority is demoralized by laws that are not

learn to live a day at a time, which is all any man has to do or cannot be enforced, or that unjustly or temperamenis all any of us can do. We tally administered, or that are subject to favoritism. Man's anyway—and which, indeed, do and can it but comes, we faster than life irrevocability live can't any is based on their nature of laws the for

find sources we unlookedfor from it it and comes, consequences. live as justice When of the certainty and the—onrespect our to according reconciliation if and understanding to help and what law, know we violate expect—or a natural we hardand disappointments grievous it our in most be must out. so find needs, even And inevitably know, don't we we would what beyond pushed are respected, so, when be ships. discipline. we all And To with all and law with

it is not that find to it is limit, not uncommon exercised the be others, must to be of seem or parents of whether authority, find the all. somehow do limit at on the reality in We justice effect—not in and on principle—on cause and what we to endure to have to we do what strength do—and or convenience. whim

so, be it shall always that faith 17, 1946. the—March And to endure. have

will save us much needless worry about things that never (See also page 264) happen, and will give us much courage in facing the things Copyright. 1946.

that do happen.

—March 24, 1946.

farentd, Lhiidren, and Mutk

Tt is not uncommon to hear parents complain of an everdiminishing influence with their children. The problem is not peculiar to

our time—although it may be aggravated by the conditions of our

time. But this whole question of

the waning of parental authority is one of great complexity

MAY 1946

fl/lonthlu rvlelcklzedek

f-nedtkood <=Leader$kip

eetlna *J-)e6cribed \f "A NPriesthoodimportant partprogramof theofMelchizedekthe Church rCedponSlmuiu for Keadimtment or Servicemen as set up by the general committee in Following is one of the sevenminute talks given at the priesthood meeting of the charge is the joint monthly stake Melstake conference of the San Fernando Stake chizedek Priesthood leadership and monthly priesthood leadership meeting By B. H. Peterson, Ph.D., ing home. Let us not forget that the

described in letter P-13, sent to all Director, Glendate College, California important thing for which we have priesthood officers. fought, is a part of Latterday Saint

Inasmuch as some stakes still do not HPhe time has arrived when men who doctrine as well as a part of the creed seem to understand fully the program, have fought to preserve that of America. We as a Church believe

herewith are again set forth those inwhich we hold dear as Americans in the freedom of living, in the perpetuastructions outlining the duties and reand as Church members, are returntion of the free agency of man.

sponsibilities of priesthood officers in As these men, who have represented this regard as well as the departments us and who have fought for us on the that should be organized and the manPriesthood general secretaries and advisers, battlefields, return home, what is our special for a those department not responsibility to them? them Amongner in which they should be conducted. withcalled in leadership to the of foregoing one will be our leaders and quorum memis groups. Separation deto be on a had

partmental (not quorum) basis. bers of tomorrow.

responsibility is the of a priestWhat * Priesthood Committee There will be seven departments, as all to of its members? quorum hood of the Council Twelve *I 'heof Generalthe is follows

letter the general priesthood from The that there are to announce happy now available sufficient copies of the Three departments, one for each of the committee of the Council of the Twelve

Melchizedek Priesthood textbook proposed divisions of responsibility and the contains this statement:

standing committees, each dethe Through The Gospel conducted Ages—to proposedpartment newto be by one or more I. Purposes of a quorum of the priesthood supply the members

of the Prieststake members Melchizedek entire the throughout quorums a. individual of help a every member To all committee, to hood attended and be by not already Church. have You who of condition attain to wellbeing a quorum the of respective committees from members will copies able secured your be now spirit. in of mind, body, need a and Every priests, the high seventies, elders and quoto to orders sending so do your by the the holding should priesthood be man in the stake. rums of the (Each member the to Deseret Company, BookBook to belongs. the of concern he which quorum presidency course, attend would, quorum of craft, to local bookstores. or your in b. help the accomplishthe Church To the for department which he has been made

the of duties the divine imposed upon ment It in responsible his is sugquorum. own

Saints: of Latterday organized body secretaries that the gested the with meet

1. the of the Church keep members To factfinding statistical counselors.) and instructions these onAccompanying full 2. their in the duty; the teach of way To special for inclass the department One

is willthis to chart or not serve those a heard page to yet gospel which have who structors, to leaderconducted the under be it; for 3. the provide dead acceptedclarify further the program. To least ship at direction or the under of a

temple, the the the of ordinances through of the stake Priesthood Melchizedek member that urge a twohour and recommend if obedient, dead, the which means by may We this committee. teachertrain- In department Prieststake monthly Melchizedekcombined that in participate the blessings are enjoyed helps assistance ing could given, well and be leadership priesthood meeting andhood citizenship in the those have who won by lesson material enlarged etc. developed, and held. replace the not does (Thismeeting be of Era, God. Improvement kingdom (The it in that should borne However, mind be

it is meeting,regular and monthly quorum p. 1945, 770.) December class related instruction and are problems quothat separate monthlyagain a urged

responsibility the the the of of quomember responsibility of to the all quorum for be meeting members quorum Therum assigned. presidency rum scattered in areasheld, widely except its bounds. no members Every knows

for the department stake Aaronic One suffice.) quarterly meeting awhere may soldier should the of be returned need to the Priesthood committee, attended be by foloutline to business of be suggested A to the concern the of he which quorum stake Priesthood committee, Aaronic and at material to each considered and belowed belongs. of the each bishopfrom ward, members two leadership Priesthood Melchizedekmonthly

ric, advisers. secretary, general and readjustment are the problems What is prepared for entire being themeeting year

for the stake committee department One soldiers that are facing? returned Some committee. general priesthood theby

the of Priestadult Aaronic members specific is the first half of for that It readjustments of the which recommended to the stake attended hood, be comby in the as or is needed time the such meeting, will in returning veterans have to make mittee, the wards, from and one member presidency, of the stake be devotedwisdom: life civilian the include following to the bishopric. of Priesthood meetgeneral Melchizedek to a

for the indepartment brethren not One 1. seeking are employment, a Some the ing, conducted presided by over and

to vited attend foregoing one of the livelihood departjob which a may be obtained by All of the Melpresidency. members stake

is ments. department This to be conducted will security. provide which and of Priesthood adult members and chizedek

will of high the council and a member to expected are be by to Priesthood returning to school the are Aaronic 2. Others

consider as teaching, famiitems such ward to this In addition meeting. apin qualify to their at present order education continue

etc., topics prayer, to ly the be suggested by roll call, recexercises, job. will opening propriate to to get hold a and them Some

general priesthood committee. in the for to retrained advancement to be return because schoolommendations

priesthood, reports, general business, etc., The regular stake priesthood meeting held their war experiences will not permit them

instructions and inspirational messages from in connection with stake conference, may, to pursue their former occupations.

the stake presidency should be given. if desired, take the place of this combined 3. All who have been in the service for

quarter, during each one month and will meeting to adjust time will portion of need to a of the meeting any length The second all the priestat that meeting of members in living, there whichcomprise leadership priesthood a life the monthly new way of meeting. This is a meeting at which the hood, including the Aaronic Priesthood will be a great deal more freedom, and a

stake presidency, stake Melchizedek Priestbearers, would be urged to attend. life in which one must be concerned with

hood committee, and stake Aaronic PriestIt is recommended that this combined aiding and working with fellow men rather hood committees can meet with the officers monthly meeting be exclusively a priestthan in destroying them.

and leaders of quorums and quorum groups, hood meeting, and that the stake presidency 4. Some have rather serious physical

including presidencies of quorums, secremeet with the presidencies and superintendhandicaps sustained from wounds in comtaries, committee members, group leaders, encies of auxiliary organizations at another bat which must be mastered.

class instructors, ward bishoprics, Aaronic time for their leadership meeting. 5. A portion need to have faith in them298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"G. I. Joe"may return to school at government expense to be retrained and rehabilitated. These law's also provide

for borrowing money to purchase a home or to establish a business. The

government has charged the UnitedHPriestdooi States Employment Service with the

TWELVE—-JOSEPHCONDUCTED BY THEFIELDINGGENERALSMITH,PRIESTHOODCHAIRMAN;COMMITTEECHARLESOF THEA. CALLIS,COUNCILHAROLDOF THEB. turnedresponsibilityveterans.of findingPriesthoodjobs quorumsfor reLEE, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. will be able to give some assistance to

YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS soldiers in finding work and in securing

education, but "Uncle Sam"has propattern to care for a fairly sound vided 8. will those Lastly, their are there restored, confidence selves have having been who needs. these temporal their faith in to their reexperiences. and shattered through have in God war

6. Others will need to have a restoration ligion restored. The big contribution which quorums

of faith in their fellow men. The hatred and can make to the returned soldier will

killing in important has been so which war spirit his of for and needs in caring be the States of Congress United life service replaced to '"Phe love and be must by spirits will mind. broken and be There legislation has the to assist passed mankind. minds. warped in soldier discharged postwar meeting 7. will are those to rehave There who

I. returns to your "G. Suppose Joe"needs. 16 Public (Vocational ReLaw their their habits, personalities, and mold

their conduct in order to be accepted into the habilitation ) and Public Law 346 (G.I. ward, and he is no longer interested in

civilian circles of their former years. Bill of Rights ) provide means whereby {Concluded on page 310)

MONTHLY PRIESTHOOD LEADERSHIP MEETING

STAKE PRESIDENCY

Chairman of the Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committee (A Member of the Stake Presidency)

Member of the Stake Melchizedek Members of the StakeAaronic RiesfPriesthood Committee (not less than hood Committee <& Stake Committee /or three members of the High Council adult memoers of theAaronic(Se Handbook)R-ieslhood

Departments Who shall attend Personal Quorum Fact -Finding Class Gospel Themes Aaronic Leaders /Aduit various departWelfare Activity AND and Instructors Department Priesthood Members of ments Church Statistical (For all Others) Leaders Aaronic

Service Priesthood Of the President Counselor Counselorand Instructors Members i5take

Melchizedek and and Committee Presidencies and

Priesthood Committee Committee Members and of the High Council from Each Quorum Members Members Secretary and OuorumMembrB

Seventies From The #A Instructors Members *A *A #AsCouncil MaiAssujn and and President and President libPresident Presidential Other erty to visit in arnj one Committee Committee Committee of the Three Standing Members and

Committee Departments Members Members Secretary

GroupFrom The Leader 'Assistant 'Assistant Instructors Members *Assistonti in group* ore optional, ond whert not and used.cmi) members may Secretary

be appointed to serve on Quorum CommitteeS

Of theAaroniC Menrbers.HighCowitilStake Committee

PriesthoodMembers assigned.

Two membrs oi Bishopric. General

Secrtianj.Advisors

Adult Members Members StakeMembers,CommitteeMembers of theAaronic of High Council Priesthood assigned, member of Bishopric, and advisors MAY 1946 299 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP EXCEL IN FAST OFFERING COLLECTIONS

OUTLINE OF STUDY JUNE 1946 r AST month it was suggested in this -'column that perhaps the reason boys and girls begin smoking is not for the love of tobacco, but to act grown up, to satisfy their unconscious need to win a place in the sun, to win the attention of others. This is

true not only of smoking but also of many other things such as reckless driving, loud taste in clothing, playing the role of a "bully,"acting like a "smart aleck,"and teasing parents and Church workers by irregular attendance at meetings.

Boys and girls are social beings and, Twentythree months without a failure in providing the Saints in Grantsville First Ward, Grantsville therefore, love attention. They must get it Stake, the opportunity to pay fast offerings, is the enviable record of this group of fifteen members of the

leader, Their seriously their are deserving of our Priesthood. commendations. and take They work another, one by or means or good bad. This Aaronic

his offering collections fast bishopric Francis with for the Broadbent, charge of H. and is shown

itself need expresses in the most unexpected at. group. for to shoot bishops is another is markin Here

ways. For example, ( 1 ) one evening a lad

of six was acting "fresh"and perverse with no apparent reason, so his father sent him to bed immediately. Still the lad carried on,

upsetting the peace of the household. When

the father went in to see him the boy said:

"Why don't you spank me? When John,

my pal, yells, his daddy spanks him."

The lad enjoyed being in the center of the stage so much that he was willing to receive punishment for attention.

(2) A father of several sons had been very successful with the first two. They

had proved faithful in Church activity, wholesome in their living habits, and energetic in school and vocational life. For

these things they were praised and set up Thirty boys qualified as charter members of the Pasadena Stake Aaronic Priesthood 100% club.

presidency Priesthood stake comstake Aaronic at the honored banquet given by and a These boys wereas this record at quorum to recognition, attendance qualify models to the third son, now in adolesmittee. for boy each have To had a 100%cence. Sunday School meeting. Several sacrament meeting these boys of at attendance and had perfect

But the third lad was different. He did Ten of the twelve wards in the stake had boys qualify. also.

not follow in the footsteps of his brothers, and failed to gladden the heart of his father. He became irregular in Church interests, and wholly unpredictable in his school nonmember girls, but if they, of their own

work and other responsibilities. Why, do LD.S. Girls'Program volition, desire to affiliate, they should be

you suppose, did his behavior differ so much made welcome. There will be no change in

from that of the older boys? Question: Should nonmember girls who requirements and they should be assigned

The answer is not simple, but it is highly wish to participate be permitted to enroll in to an adviser.

probable that one explanation lies in the the L.D.S. girls'program? If so, should they

fact that the third son could see no recognibe assigned to an adviser?

in the footstepstion in walking of his older brothers. his seeking to exert He was inAnswer: Yes. It is not necessary to solicit andQuestion:individual,Willbe determinedthe awards,onbotha ninegroupor

dividuality, to get attention in his own right twelve month basis for 1946?

in hisand way. own Presiding of the approval Answer: By

simple, oftneglected but of One (or her) way inthe things with him about he is will the Bishopric the 1946 awards be on is recognitionbringing to to anyone, know terested in of working, and playing, and basis inof All nine months. groups and

call tohim are nearly name. and him by eating with as truly of him a means knowing We qualifying dividuals during the period from

of consciousalways ourselves, and him. we 1 eligible will to April 31 to be Decemberidentify ourselves with our names. Nothing the receive 1946 awards. Questions Discussion: foe quite to as the us of sosounds good sound

our own name spoken in a friendly and 1. How would you suggest helping this

of voice. tone"knowing"

the secretary stake teachers Sometimes and leaders all girls of in the know the winthirdselfrespectson in theinabovehis ownillustrationright? to keepQuestion:a master Shouldcard filefull the of active and outstanding names

boys and girls of their group, but neglect 2. What are wholesome ways and means stake?

learning the names of the quiet and reserved of gaining selfrespect or selfrecogni- Answer: No. The ward secretary will

young people. This latter group needs rection open to a boy or girl? keep a master card file of all girls in the

ognition more than the former, hence our ward, therefore, it will be unnecessary for need to learn and remember and use the 3. Which of these ways may be applied the stake secretary to keep such a file.

names of all the boys and girls in our groups in Church work most effectively? Iland in the ward. lustrate how.

sincere be wholly and must genuine We

Ifin others. all of our relations with we are 4. givenDoes andeach surnameChurch ofworkereach personknow unthe secretaryQuestion:attendWhatin thedepartmentWard YouthshouldLeaderthe

to call people by their names and speak to der his care? ship meeting?

them often, we need to have cause to do Answer: The chairman of the ward comso. Hence the desirability of becoming in- 5. What are effective means of rememmittee may designate the department which

terested in each one of our youth, of talking bering people's names? she desires the secretary to attend.

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

A Humble Ward Teacher TfHE testimony of Elder William HarWARD TEACHERS rington Cahoon, who was born in The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and

Harpersfield, Ashtabula County, Ohio, strengthen them;

November 7, 1813, and joined the And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with

Church October 16, 1830 {The Juveeach other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

nile Instructor, Vol. 27, page 492, in And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the

the series "Recollections of the Prophmembers do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

et Joseph Smith,"collected by George

Q. Cannon):

Before I close my testimony concerning l/l/afd Jeackerd >55aqt for ffune, 1946 this good man, I wish to mention one circumstance which I shall never forget. I 'HOME'

was called and set apart to act as a ward teacher to visit the families of the Saints. 'T'he home is considered as the abode of man. It is of divine origin and is,

I got along very well till I found that I was therefore, a sacred institution. The home has long been recognized as

obliged to pay a visit to the Prophet. Bethe foundation of the community and nation. "In love of home the love of

ing young, only about seventeen years of country has its rise."

age, I felt my weakness in visiting the

Prophet and his family in the capacity of Present civilization is a product of the home, the school, and the church.

a teacher. I almost felt like shrinking from The home is far the most important of these agencies. McCullock in his

duty. Finally I went to his door and book, Home, the Savior o/ Civilization, has this to say:

knocked, and in a minute the Prophet came to the door. I stood there trembling and Of all the factors that enter into the environment of the child, or of anyone else

said to him, "Brother Joseph, I have come for that matter, the home is by far the most powerful, so much so, that one may birth, either of his child that character. the from or say day mars makes home The visitto of teachin the capacity a ward you

is least influences years, for at of the twelve home, the whether so dominated by is* if iter, said, for convenient you."He evil, that or them. to resist helpless is absolutely he good

in; I right glad"Brother William, come am

sit in that chairto you; see down there, and A definite responsibility rests upon parents to provide the ideal home.

I will call in."family and go my

They soon came in and took seats. He Through the facilities of the home all the virtues of a noble society

then said, "Brother William, I submit myare developed; the human race is perpetuated; the foundations of character

self and family into your hands,"and then are laid; industry is promoted; wealth is accumulated; art is cultivated; and

took his seat. "Now, Brother William,"said religion is maintained. Home training is the factor that practically deterhe, "ask all the questions you feel like,"mines the future of most men. In homes where high ideals are maintained,

By this time my fears and trembling had parents and not teachers will lay the foundation of character, the principles

I said,ceased, "Brother and Joseph, are you of thrift, and faith in God in the hearts of their children.

live religion?"trying to your

He answered, "Yes."From the beginning, home building has been one of the major objec-

I then said, "Do you pray in your famtives of this Church. It is considered so vital that it becomes a permanent

ily?"institution expected to endure for eternity.

He said, "Yes."

"Do you teach your family the principles Evil forces are now at work undermining and threatening to destroy of the gospel?"the sanctuary of the home. With the thought that the home can best fortify

He replied, "Yes, I am trying to do it."itself from within, the Church is recommending the adoption of a "Home

"Do you ask a blessing on your food?"Evening"each week.

He answered, "Yes."Instruction from the First Presidency is as follows:

"Are you trying to live in peace and harmony with all your family?"To this end we advise and urge the inauguration of a "Home Evening"throughHe said that he was. out the Church, at which time fathers and mothers may gather their boys and girls

I turned to Sister Emma, his wife, and about them in the home, and teach them the word of the Lord.... This "Home

said, "Sister Emma, are you trying to live Evening"should be devoted to prayer, singing hymns, songs, instrumental music, scripturereading, topics, family specific and instruction the principles on of the children religion? teach youryour Do you

life, gospel, ethical and of problems on the as well duties as the obligations and of teach try to their parents?to obey you Do

to parents, children the church, society, the home, and the nation. to pray?"them

To all of these questions, she answered, To families who are willing to adopt this plan a promise is given:

"Yes, I am trying to do so."

I then turned to Joseph and said, "I am If the Saints obey this counsel, we promise that great blessings will result. Love

now through with my questions as a teachat home and obedience to parents will increase. Faith will be developed in the

er; and now if you have any instructions to hearts of the youth of Israel, and they will gain power to combat the evil influences

give, I shall be happy to receive them."and temptations which beset them.

He said, "God bless you, Brother William; and if you are humble and faithful, It should be remembered that if the training a child should receive in

you shall have power to settle all difficulties the home is neglected, the Church and the school can in no way compensate that in before the capacity come you may loss. for live in should the Parents compliance with the divine admonition,

of teacher."a shall also their they teach children "And to pray, and to walk upriqhtly I left parting then blessing him upon my

the (D. Lord."68:28.) & C. his family,and as a teacher, took and my before

departure.

MAY 1946 301 M MEN BASKETBALL on lmwar standard

Lovell, Wyoming, West Ward By LES GOATESTHEaggregation won the 1946 M Men SPORTS EDITOR, "THE DESERET NEWS"championship in the most spirited tournament since before the war, playing strong and cagey basketball for four historic the Deseretdays in GymalsocleverformerGrantsvillechampions,Second36 Wardto 32. team, 9.nasium, 6 to from March

secplacing in Grantsville Second, the the opening day, From Cowboys all precision with the ond, went way in their strongly supported camwere into until heavier it ran power, and and topaign succeed Hollywood North

Lovell. experienced team The of more as the champions.California allChurch from Tooele County, beat Maywood

West Lovell, M.I.A. champions once of Los Angeles, Enterprise of southbefore with almost the same lineup of ern Utah, and Logan Ninth, the latter

players, had two easy games and two the biggest upset of the tournament.

the onestough its climb to championon ship. the of disposing Bennion Logan Ninth won third place, and in After

five, 42 to 24, Lovell encountered a addition the coveted sportsmanship formidable opponent in Ogden Sixth trophy.

Ward but managed to get by on suThe tournament generally was conperior experience and strategy, 47 to ducted on a prewar basis, and the teams 41. Lovell was pressed at times to were definitely of prewar strength. Atedge Maxwell Park Ward of Oakland, tendance indicated that soon the M

but came through without too much Men meet will outgrow its quarters in trouble, 32 to 29. The titular finale of the old Deseret Gym.

the largest singlestandard basketball Entries outside the Beehive domain conference in the world was a classic made a particularly fine showing, perin which the new champions outhaps the best ever. Maxwell Park and

maneuvered and outshot a fast and Maywood of California; Virden of

New Mexico; Heyburn and Moreland

At left, from top to bottom: of Idaho; and Hill Springs of CanaThe 1946 AllChurch M Men Honor Team: da, didn't win any championships but

Basketball stars chosen by "The Deseret News"generally constituted the strongest for the annual Era"Improvement "The and honor clubs that have yet played in the series. tournafollowing team, championship the M.I.A.

ment. General Superintendent George Q.

Richards, tournament manager Reed Imof the Mutual Men's Morris Young in playoff allChurch Spirited action the the Association provement awarded

Lovell of again chamWyoming, Ward West statuette gold title winners a handsome conference. M.I.A. of pion the huge

AllChurch M.I.A. champions receiving award: in impressive ceremonies following the

The Lovell West Ward receiving M Men basketchampionship game. Grantsville Secball trophy. championship

Second place winners in M Men tournament, ond placing second, received a silver formerly allChurch Grantsville Second Ward, statuette. The Logan team, in addition

Superintendent General George champions, and 0. Morris, making award presentation. to placing third, was cheered enthusiasGleaner Girl sponsors at annual M Men tourtically as it received the handsome

nament. sportsmanship trophy, another beautiBelow: Logan Ninth Ward, winners of the

sportsmanship trophy. ( Concluded on page 308

THE IMPROVEMENT FRA

urefij/loves On Alice Almira Robinson Richards Dies British Mission fornia Mission. He will succeed PresiElijah Allen. dent Richards, Almira RobinsonA lice bishop Boyer, of the SpringQelvoy J. in Active both civic and Church af-- of President wife F. RichGeorge ville, Utah, Second apWard, was

ards of the Council of the Twelve, died pointed president of the British Mission of pneumonia, April 21 at eightyone by the First Presidency, March 29. He

yearsA nativeof age.of Farmington, Utah, she succeedsPresidentPresidentBoyer isHugha formerB. Brown.missionwas well known throughout the state. ary to England having served in that

During her long life she had traveled extensively throughout the west, the nation, and in Europe with her husband as he filled Church appointments.

She served as matron of the Salt Lake

Temple from 1921 to 1937, while President Richards was president of the temple.

Richards of Mrs. mother was the

ELIJAH ALLEN OSCAR W. McCONKIE

fifteen children, thirteen surof whom vive. One of her sons is Presiding

Bishop LeGrand Richards. Also surfairs, President McConkie was once

viving are sixty grandchildren, fiftybishop of the Monticello Ward of the four greatgrandchildren, and twelve San Juan Stake, and later served as a brothers and sisters. HUGH B. BROWN SELVOY J. BOYER member of that stake presidency. After

The Improvement Era wishes to extaking up residence in Salt Lake City, press its sympathy to the family. field from 1923 to 1925, and during the he served as a member of the Ensign

Pioneer Monument, Trail presidenttime servedof thefor Nottinghameighteen monthsDistrict.as memberStake highof thecouncilEnsignfor Staketen years,presidencyand a

f* round"This wasIs thebrokenPlace"onmonumentApril 5 for andthe Atmissionthe timepresidencyof his heappointmentwas chairmanto theof yearsfor fiveas years.a judgeHein servedthe Thirdfor Judicialtwelve

park at the mouth of Emigration Canthe Kolob Stake bishops'executive District, and is a former member of the yon overlooking Salt Lake valley. At council of the welfare program and Salt Lake City commission.

the same time it was announced that mayor of the city of Springville. Mrs. McConkie will accompany him

federal funds had been promised to Mrs. Boyer will accompany her husto his field of labor.

speed the construction of the thirtyband to the British Isles.

mile scenic highway, which would folTongan Mission low the trail of the Mormon Pioneers, Czech Mission A ppointment of Evon W. Huntsman

from what is now Henefer, Summit "\17allace F. Toronto was appointed ""of Idaho Falls as president of the

County, one of the last stopping places VV March 30, by the First Presidency Tongan Mission was announced by the of the Pioneers. to return to Czechoslovakia to preside First Presidency March 27. He sucLouise Y. Robison over that misceeds President Emile C. Dunn, who

sion. This was in since presided that has mission JanuTTrs. general Robison, Y. Louise the post oche will to ary return 1936 and now who the A president of Society Relief cupied at the his in Logan, Utah. home to 31,from 1928 October December of outbreak filled President mission a Huntsman1939, at died 30, of the home March hostilities in

her daughter, Mrs. Stephen H. Winter, 1939.:w:::"5;

in services Funeral Francisco. and San Presidentburial held in City. Salt Lake were has Toronto

active been Robison Mrs. had in Reaffiliated been

lief since 1898. beSociety She work the with Czech

in the general of a boardcame member of Mission most in general counselor the1918 a and the time since presidency in 1921, served she where its organization. F. TORONTO WALLACEuntil president. Last October becoming the went to He at guestshe speaker a special and was

in 1928, Mission GermanAustrian andthe Relief general conference. Society

in 1929 accompanied Arthur Gaeth

Reorganized Church in opening the Czechoslovakian Mis-

T\r. Frederick M. Smith, son of Josion. He left there in 1931, and reseph Smith III, and grandson of the turned again early in 1936 to succeed EMILE C. DUNN EVON W. HUNTSMAN

Prophet Joseph Smith, and president of President Gaeth as head of the mission.

the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ At the present time he is a counselor in the Tongan Islands, 19121915. He

of Latter Day Saints, died at Independin the bishopric of the Parleys Ward. is at present a member of the high counence, Missouri, March 20, at the age of He and Mrs. Toronto will leave for cil of the Shelley Stake, having served

seventytwo. He left no sons to suctheir assignment as soon as passports in the position for twentytwo years.

ceed him. At conference sessions of can be obtained. For five years he has also served as

that church held in Independence beginagriculture chairman of the stake welning April 6, Israel A. Smith, Dr. California Mission fare committee.

Smith's brother and counselor for sevHThe First Presidency on April 1, anMrs. Huntsman will accompany him

eral years, became president of the Renounced the appointment of Oscar on his mission. The couple Will leave

organized Church. W. McConkie as president of the Calias soon as transportation is arranged.

MAY 1946 303

S5tauemenlt on lAJelfare Editorials

HPen years ago this April general conference the f\edediicaiiotvtic

First Presidency made public announcement Hpo a world quivering with apprehension about the of a churchwide program of relief and rehabilitaatomic bomb, perhaps nothing else seems quite so tion which has come to be known as the Church important. But to a world fighting for survival, another

welfare program. item is of much greater significance than even the atom

Through the faithfulness of the Latterday bomb. It is the question of whether or not our civilizain a great succeeded has program Saints this life is it the family without with tion to survive—and

the the means of relieving has been and measure all t endure. cannot strongest nation While the which

suffering of tens of thousands of individuals and countries have some statistics that can be brought to has brought many others to a condition of inbear on this matter, the United States statistics as independence and happiness. dicated in recent information released to the public

We take this opportunity to express our heartwill serve the purpose by way of illustration.

felt gratitude to the members of the Church for In a recent article, one author cites the statistics for their support of this program. We commend one county in a large state: "Dallas County, Texas,...

those leaders in the stakes and wards who have celebrated a record of 8,012 marriages in 1945. Also in

arduous to the unselfishly there themselves celebration, devoted with some 1945, and presumably 1 projects. Stake directing welfare duties of County."Dallas divorces in 7,980 presiwere

dencies, bishoprics, Relief Society presidencies, In information released from Tokyo, the Japanese priesthood quorum officers in all parts of the police estimated that fourteen thousand children will

Church have responded wholeheartedly to the be born in Tokyo this year—children of American facalls made upon them. Their devotion and inthers and Japanese mothers. This does not include those

tegrity has made possible the remarkable achievewho will be born in other areas of Japan. Similar conments to date. ditions exist in other areas where our soldiers are staWe have built a strong foundation for this protioned.

gram in these past ten years. We have found Surely, somewhere along the line, something has

that there is no greater blessing, no greater joy missed fire. On this Mother's Day 1946, may it not be

and happiness than comes through engaging in wise for mothers of young folk to assume that unless this inspired program given us of the Lord to they accept the task of training their children in the help those in need and bring our people the blessway they should go, they will depart from good as ings which have been promised from ancient times they grow older? If there is no integrity in family afto those who relieve the distress of others. fairs, there can be no integrity in national affairs. John

We urge upon all Church leaders and members Foster Dulles in a recent address made this statement a continuation of their devotion to this great pro- "Unhappily the fact is that at this critical juncture, the gram. These past few months have seen the people of the United States have no great faith which

.. lost of purpose and used for the welfare program of our sense stores vast them.. the moves We have

2 areas Saints suffering uplift."relief in the wartorn of our inspire and to our capacity

of Europe. There is need now to redouble our How can mothers and fathers accept the honor acefforts in the welfare program to meet any and corded the name they bear without being increasingly

all emergencies that may come in the future. The alert to the responsibilities that are inherent in the name

real spirit of the welfare program is to produce of parent? How can we celebrate Mother's Day and

that which is needed. We are fast approaching Father's Day without shouldering the blame for some

a time when it may be impossible to buy what we of the deplorable conditions that abound?

need no matter how much money we may have. Worse than any atom bomb that might fall upon us

Our economic security for the future will be is the disintegration that is right now taking place in found in the exercise of our faith and the doing our very society. We must recognize that strong as

of our works in the further development of the our national defenses may be, we cannot survive—even

Church welfare program. To do so will be to with no direct attack from an enemy—if the family,

find favor with the Lord and bring his further the basic unit of the nation, is not maintained. And

blessings upon the Latterday Saints in all the we would do well right now to teach, daily, weekly, world. Faithfully yours, yearly, and even eternally, the gospel of the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints which instructs men and women, boys and girls, alike, that they must retain their virtue, that, having married, they must remain true to the marriage covenant. Surely, there is

nothing greater than we could teach here and now, and truly, there is no lesson that is more vitally needed now and forever.

We believe we have a great destiny, and we know that we have a great heritage. As Latterday Saints,

we can do no better than to live up to both of them, and teach our children to do likewise.—M. C. J.

The First Presidency p. 212Harper's Magazine, March 1946, "Footnote on Sex,"John McPartland.

2The United States News, March 29, 1946, p. 27

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Caffeine is a drug, an alkaloid, related to some of the most violent poisons. In fact, an excessive dose of

caffeine caffeine enters the cause death. would When

at first it produces body, a feeling of stimulation, Evidences and human followed by a period of depression, relief from which reconciliations is sought by the use of more caffeine. It is therefore

habitforming. The power of the will is weakened. It

deceives the user into the belief that he is better off, cw. r5 tkere (J&ffelerne in inglywhen inworsefact hecondition.is laying Thethe foundationconstant takingfor an increasof even

small doses of a poisonous drug has cumulative effects, and leads eventually to disease.

Ts there caffeine in cola drinks? Many of our readers is Caffeinebanished. actsImpressionsdirectly uponcome themorebrain.rapidly,Drowsinessso that

have asked this question. Therefore, this reply is connected thought becomes more difficult. Insomnia,

made. irritability, loss of memory, high blood pressure, headIn recent years, upwards of seventy brands of cola aches, and other nervous disorders usually follow the

drinks have appeared on the American market. An extended use of caffeine drinks. The heart, the muscles,

almost unparalleled advertising campaign has urged the and the circulatory system are likewise affected unuse of these drinks upon the public. favorably by caffeine. The irritation or injurious stimuThese beverages invariably exert a stimulating effect lation of the kidneys is a major evil of caffeine. Injury

upon the body and leave a desire for more. They are to eyes, ears, and the various glands from the caffeine

reported. Indigestion has been of apand loss of the habitforming. has This made observers Word habitpetite often are drinkers caffeine found of among propriety drinks. the cola of using of Wisdom question

beverages. Caffeine of poisoning is a frequent malady

Nearly all the cola drinks on the market have been occurrence.

agencies. private Moreover, analyzed and by public

willing, in the main, to It is conceded by all informed and rightminded the manufacturers been have declare the composition of their cola products. There people, that while caffeine is injurious at any period of

need be, therefore, no secrecy about the nature of most life, it is especially dangerous when used by young of the ingredients of cola beverages. people. The unscrupulous attempts of some manufacturers of cola drinks to include such beverages in

All authorities agree that cola drinks are solutions of school lunches and for Boy Scout outings, should resugar-—about one ounce of sugar in a sixounce bottle ceive public condemnation. Likewise, to keep such

of the drink. To this solution is added a mixture, of drinks in the home, within reach of children, is a dansecret formula, for coloring and flavoring—caramel begerous practice. Certainly, they should not be used

ing usually the coloring substance, and phosphoric, in ward, stake, or other Church socials.

tannic, or some other acid frequently used among the flavoring substances. Then, there is added a quantity It would be well if, by law if necessary, the comof the drug, caffeine, the active substance in coffee and position of cola drinks, especially the caffeine content,

tea. Finally, the mixture is carbonated. were shown on the bottle or other containers. Such

law exists in some states. Since the sale of coffee and

These drinks appear on the market in two forms: tea is not prohibited, naturally the sale of cola drinks

in bottles, or as syrups mixed with carbonated water is not illegal, therefore the approval of U. S. Governat the sodafountain counter. ment bureaus or other pure food agencies merely means

A sixor eightounce bottle of a cola drink, according that the beverages do not contain excessive quantities to the analyses at hand, most of them very recent, conof caffeine.

tains ordinarily from onefourth to onethird (someThe following cola drinks are specifically mentioned times more) as much caffeine as is found in a cup of by the sources below listed, as containing caffeine:

homebrewed coffee. At the soda water fountain, the Braser, BromoKola, Shero, CleoCola, CocaCola,

strength of the mixture depends on the quantity of Dandy Cola, D. C. Cola, Double Cola, Dr. Pepper,

syrup added to the glass of water. LaVida Cola, Lime Cola concentrate, Par-T-Pak Cola,

It is held by several authorities that pure caffeine, as PepsiCola, Royal Crown (R-C) Cola, Western Cola, used in cola drinks, is more active, unit for unit, than Wynola.

that occurring naturally in the coffee bean. This is beThe above statements are based essentially upon

cause, in the bean, caffeine is held in association with published or private information supplied by the U. S.

other substances, thus lessening its physiological effect. Department of Agriculture, the Utah State Board of

Therefore, while bottled cola drinks, judged by their Agriculture, the State Agricultural Experiment Stations caffeine content, may be looked upon as weak coffee, of Alabama and Connecticut, the State Chemical Labthey are probably of equal physiological potency with oratories of North Dakota and South Dakota, the State the usual coffee brew. Department of Health of Kentucky, the American

Cola drinks contain the drug, caffeine. For that Medical Association, The Consumers'Digest, Consumreason, every argument used against coffee and tea, ers'Research, and Fortune.

and some other arguments, may be used against cola Further information on the subject may be obtained drinks, and all other beverages containing caffeine, from the agencies mentioned above, your state board even in small amounts. They are determined habit of health, your physician, and from almost any magaformers, and may lead to the coffee and tea habit. They zine or book dealing with the subject.- J. A. XV.

injure human health. (Reprinted from November 1939 Era.)

MAY 1946 305

We'd Like to Pin

D. s! C.

'feStewS of children and carefully wash all vegetables

Council Gives Ten Tips and fruits which have been sprayed with

On Summer Safety chemicals.7. If you put down summer throw rugs,

use or side fruit under jar rubbers on is sun old summertime good HPhe them. beneath pads time nonskidsew

family. for the whole time fun "and all fans electric and for 8. guards Have

But it also can be danger time. place out of reach of children.

Since travel restrictions limit family 9. Be sure kitchen curtains are tied so

trips and the home is the focal point of they do not blow over stove.

10. If you put up food, follow canning directions carefully. Do not use oven canning

method.

RESUME

SPEED HereTHcni)

Forest TreesON THE MEN MD Utah farmers are again offered evergreen, ash, elm, locust, and other trees to be WOMEN DF THE planted for woodlot, windbreak, or shelterbelt purposes, at a price ranging from one dollar to four dollars a hundred, depending trees All wanted. species and size on the

four for irrigated cultivated andHOTEL UTAH must be

Not all the medals belong years.Utah StateFor Agriculturaladditional detailsCollege,writeLogan,the

on the heroes of the battle- $WC/P/ Utah. * * *

fronts. Here at home we'd like NATIONAL SAFETY COUNCIL "T'he trails and lakes, Brownie Land

at lovely M.I.A. the home and of our to nominate emmany for the activity summer, the Nafamily to are beckoning Brighton, you Utah,

the prepared has tional Council Safety long ployees served and who renthis have summer. Workmen for again tips to housewives ten following the numerous and ovated made home to rein the years, well war demight which hazards diminishing will comfort to the changes add which

ceive the D.S.C. for service bestroy the pleasure of vacationing of those who enjoy a vacation at this

winter equipment 1. Store the great retreat. of Lovers safely—not on mountain yond the call of duty. We're

or attic. stairs of basement trails, the and winding outof-doors,

mighty proud of them and take 2. Repair broken outdoor furniture, picturesque lakes, will find them as

floors, steps. or porch broken fascinating as ever. to this opportunity thank them 3. and chains on swings, or ropes Check

girl favorite with your date a Make if defective. replace publicly for their loyalty and durat Brighton friend a to spend week glass, old boards, 4. all broken Pick up

service to the Hotel Utah and rusty nails, and debris in yard. Pay special ing the summer of 1946. The M.I.A.

attention to the sand pile. girls'home committee announce reserits guests during the strenu- 5. Be sure window screens are in good vations will be accepted by June 19, at

wire) frames broken (no or weak Street, for the South Temple 63 East securely to are fastened that they ous war years. conditionand opening on progrand July 1

falling out. tect children from

6. Make sure garden tools are picked up Mary B. Timmins,

after each use. Put insecticides out of reach Secretary,

M.I.A. Girls'Home

DEAREST MOTHER Written by Sgt. Thomas T. Weir, from Establishment of an

Greybull, Wyoming, on his birthday,

December 24, 1944, in a German prison Outpost

Camp, where he had been for over two years. The last part of the poem is so (Concluded from page 287)

typical of a Mothers'Day greeting that vegetables at Mt. Pisgah. They have fine

we are printing it. prospects for potatoes, turnips, melons,

To Unfoldme, dearlikeMother,leaves fromas yourBookyearsof Life pumpkins,fenced and andthe Saintssquash. willTheno fielddoubtis havewell

Approaching final page, appears good times here. I took a ride around the

My only psalm in time of strife: field and find the corn silked out and some

Fond hope—that everwarming stream of the buckwheat in flower.

Continues on, a timeless thing,

While buds of faith in sheltered dream At one time the colony had a populaAwait their day for blossoming. tion of over two thousand. It served its

My only wish, this day of mine, purpose of supplying foodstuffs to the will find be: Shall that dawn you there westwardmoving Church membership divine I return. more When No blessing

I ask, nor any day more fair! until 1S52.—A. L. Z.,.]r.

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

doofc Cornei

Josephine B. Nichols

Cpringtime recipes that are crisp and * fresh and as pretty as a new spring hat.

Creamed Chicken on Cheese Shortcake

Creamed Chicken 2 cups sifted enriched flour baking powder 3 teaspoons diced, chicken cooked cups 2J4 salt teaspoonful Vi of soup cream mushroom 1 can Margarine Purkee's cup milk evaporated cup milk (about) cup Y Vi% water cup Yi cup orange Vi marmalade pimento cup sliced Yi sift dry ingredients; in cut and marMix chopped, green pepper 2 tablespoons until well with fork, mixed; garine a PASTEURIZED salt teaspoon stir Y2 in milk quickly to enough a make

Heat soup, milk, and water in top of SKIM 7?tct& ADDS

ingredients. boiler. remainingdouble Add layers TO ITS GOODNESS minutes. between ServeCook ten

top of cheese shortcake. Garnish and over Take a tip from Margie! Make fluffy,

parsley.with light, biscuits bettertasting with

Cheese Shortcake Durkee Margarine! Pure nutritious

vegetable oils are churned right in 1 cup enriched flour with fresh pasteurized skim milk to soft but not sticky dough. Turn out

J4 teaspoon salt give Durkee Margarine finest flavor into a lightly floured board; knead for

baking seconds. teaspoons thick; powder Roll dough 30 is % inch and enriched every with pound1Y

11/2-inch into a biscuit cut rounds with... shortening.. tablespoons 2 A. Spread Vitamin cook... bake

cutter. a Put teaspoonful of marmagrated cheese fry... American cup with Margarine! Durkee Yi half lade on rounds; the cover of with tablespoons milk 6 press remaining toedges rounds;

Sift flour, salt, and baking powder; cut in gether with a fork. Bake in a very hot

shortening. Add cheese; mix well. Add oven (450) for 12 to 15 minutes. Serve

milk all at once and mix only until dough piping hot with Durkee's Margarine.

follows fork around bowl. Knead gently Makes about 12 biscuits.

onehalf minute on floured board. Roll or

pat onehalf inch thick and cut with doughnut cutter. Place on ungreased baking sheet. 7*****,Bake in hot oven (425 F.) for twelve min- $0MV'Mr"a W FLAVOR

utes.

Cucumber Salad with Cream Cream Salad Dressing or Cooked Salad

Dressing 1 cup lettuce, shredded 2 cups crisp cucumbers, sliced fine

1 thin cream cup Goodness!"salt teaspoon Y

tablespoons sugar 2

paprika teaspoon Y2 tablespoons vinegar together the sugar, salt, and paprika. Mix

Add the vinegar; pour in the cream slowly,

stirring constantly until the sugar is dissolved. Blend at once with the lettuce and

cucumbers. Garnish with tomato wedges

and hardcooked eggs.

Cooked Salad Dressing 2 teaspoons mustard 2 teaspoons salt 2 tablespoons sugar 5 tablespoons flour 1 cup diluted vinegar 2 whole eggs 1 cup cream Mix together in top of double boiler the mustard, salt, sugar, and flour; stir in the

vinegar making a smooth paste. Cook five

minutes. Pour slowly the cooked mixture

over the slightly beaten eggs, stirring constantly. Cook over hot water until thickened. When cool, add cream.

OldFashioned Ribbon Cake 232 cups enriched flour

I! 3 teaspoons baking powder

salt j Y% teaspooncup shortening \Y cups sugar! 3 eggs (Concluded on page 308) MAY 1946 307

Cook's Corner layersfrom pan;and cool.on topWhenwith boiledcool, frostfrosting,betweentintmilk cup Boiled Frosting GO BY 11 {Concluded from page 307) ing half of it pink for sides of cakes. teaspoon vanilla cups sugar

red vegetable coloring 1 teaspoon light corn syrup extract teaspoon almond GREYHOUND Y21 oneounce square unsweetened 1 2 eggcup whites,boiling waterstiffly beaten chocolate 1 vanilla teaspoon MORE

Sift flour, sift measure; again with baksugar, syrup, water, Combine and and DAILY ing salt. powder and shortening; Cream add until spins mixture thread. a long cook Pour

sugar; until light fluffy. cream and Add whites, over slowly syrup SCHEDULES beaten beategg

at eggs, time, a after beating one well each ing constantly. until vanilla beat and Add

addition. flour altermixture and milk Add is stiff the frosting cool and hold to enough

nately, until beating smooth. batter Divide its MORE SEATS shape.

AVAILABLE intotract;threeto second,portions;addto first,a fewadddropsvanillaof exred Fruit Cocktail in May Baskets

coloring and almond extract; to third, fold A grapefruit notcher makes fruit cocktail

MORE TRAVEL in melted chocolate. Pour each batter into baskets of grapefruit or orange half shells

TIME SAVED wellgreasedpan. Bake in eightinchmoderate ovenround(375layerF.)cakefor forFillMayshellsDay.with chilled fruit cocktail and

twentyfive minutes, or until done. Remove garnish with maraschino cherries.

GREATER COMFORT Third day: Redmond 31, Maywood 25; FOR BUS M Men Basketball Mapleton 31, Ogden Sixth 30; Enterprise

42, SixthSeventh 31, Parley's 34; Bennion ( Concluded from page 302 RIDERS 35; 32, 34, 29; Grantsville Lovell Maxwell

ful statuette. Superintendent Morris 25. Ninth Logan

gold basketballs gave to the of members Consult local your agent for 16, Enterprise 36; day: Fourth Mapleton silver full Lovell squad basketballs to and information about convenient Parley's 31; 45, Ninth 25, Logan Maxwell the Grantsville players. schedules basketand New fares low to any 36, Grantsville 26; 32. Lovell Redmond point balls fifth third went to winners of in America. and

places, the latter the consolation chamThe Deseret NewsImprovement Era allChurch teams honor were winner. that Every team won official OVERLAND pionship staff selected sports as by The News in on the final night came kind for some

of recognition. followsGREYHOUND The teams finished as follows First Team

Larson, Ninth; Logan Forwards—Darwin 1—Lovell 2—Grantsville. Operated by Grantsville Peterson, Second. 3—Joe

Ninth. West.4—Mapleton. 5—Redmond. Mapleton. Whiting, INTERSTATE TRA NS ITL I N ES Center—Juan Park. Logan6—Maxwell 7—Enterprise. Orr, 8—ParPark; Gerald Maxwell Guards—Bob leys. Sixth. *9—Ogden Lovell. Doerr, 10—Maywood. 1 1—SixthSeventh. 12—Bennion. 13—Virden. 14—Hill Spring. 15—Heyburn. 16—Second Team

Moreland. When there's a Following are the roundby-round icsonForwards—GrantPeterson, Redmond.Clove, Enterprise; Perresults Center—Ken Johnson, Grantsville Second. First Parley's day: 33, 34; Maxwell

Doerr, Lovell; Lowell Ninth Guards—Robert t@M in the air Logan 55, Virden 45; Grantsville 61,

Piatt, Parley's. 32; SixthSeventh Maywood 35, Redmond

25; Mapleton 33, Heyburn 31; Moreland 22, The splendid success of the "cageOgden Sixth 41; Enterprise 44, Hill Springs fest"was due largely to the capable

34; Lovell 42, Bennion 24. management of Reed Richards, newlySecond day: Maywood 44, Hill Springs appointed member of the general board

28; 31, Redmond 24; Virden Parley's 39, of the ImproveMutual Young Men's

19; Heyburn 36, Bennion Moreland Association; C. 27; ment Warner, Homer Sixth 41, Lovell Ogden 47; Grantsville 45,

Enterprise 33; Logan Ninth 41, Sixthrecreation and physical director for the

Seventh 30; Maxwell Park 29, Mapleton general board; and Richard M. Ball,

26. also a newlyappointed member of the

*Standings of last eight teams determined board.

by number of points scored.

The grand inaugural ceremony on the opening night of the M Men basketball tournament with parade of flag bearers, Scouts, Gleaner Girl sponsors, tournament officials, and teams.

NALLEY VALLEY

WHERE GOOD FLAVORS GROW

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Diesel Engine Department at Robison Machinery Co.

This is one section of the service shop at porated in older machines. These improved

Robison Machinery Co. Here trained meparts are always installed when machines are

chanics, who specialize on engines only, are being rebuilt.

equipped to completely'rebuild engines to original factory tolerances and specifications. Yes, you can buy "Caterpillar"equipment

with the assurance that competent service

Close inspection and supervision of each operfacilities are available at Robison Machinery ation insures the highest type of workmanCo. to protect your investment and give you

ship. Special tools, gauges and equipment many years of economical use.

insure precision.

You will never have an orphan when you

Major improvements in "Caterpillar"products buy from Robison Machinery Co. We provide

are usually designed so they may be incorservice for everything we sell.

MACHINERY CO. 245 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET

S A L T LAKE CITY I, UTAHROBISO 4JI '1i ii '--'

AT E RPI L L A R HI V Cpsf*22& * Industrial Tractors and Engines

Loaders ENGINES TRACTORS MOTOR GRADERS EARTHMOVING EQUIPMENT? Cranes Snow Plows* Mowers Brooms

.''.*?.'71V- T'.'., -,/.'.'

ifch'.l'tVfc-.jwi't'r.vi'Jvii'i

MAY 1946 309 of lamplight felt the and glow warmth WITH LOVE TO MOTHER making old song a beloved heard and (Concluded from page 285) kids, Sary?"he asked gently. "Or is it the house sweet with tender sounds.

become to have seemed rooms laid partial conThe they're Sarah the records to us?"he on the table,—that today... as brighter, and more alive, titles.noting the "I don't whimsically. tinued Machree"; "Mother know

"A Perfect Day"; "I'll Take You Home what that boy has, exactly, but it if, she thought, someone had brought

Again, Kathleen."Her eyes blurred. makes something good to live with!"out and polished and renewed old treassilver and copper, of and pewter living,"you! Let's"Oh, Sarah ures have Jack—thank "It makes—real

glinting a home soft would make I'll whose rightthese, us agreed. be fixing either—""I don't know, now... and

some sandwiches; Dad, you get a jar She wondered if that was quite true. lovelier. Only, it was memories that

of fruit from the cellar, and we'll eat She thought perhaps she did know, but had been brought out and polished and brightened and enlivened renewed listen!"while into couldn't she put it we words—not,

else valued someone by the fact... that else underand Margie and their Jack so anyone anyway, would When

children finally left, Sarah stood by the stand it just as she did. and loved them too, they had become

window watching the taillight of their Leaning her head against Dad's more than ever the most real, most car as long as she could see it. Dad shoulder, she finally put her hand out priceless of all her possessions.

came and stood beside her. to draw the curtain across the window

of our and shut out the night. Behind her, she "Are we—partial—to some

Melchizedek Priesthood (Concluded from page 299) taking an active part in his quorum or

Church work. Or suppose he returns

having acquired some bad habits such as drinking and smoking, and as a result stays away from church rather than to overcome them. What are you going

to do? Will you ignore him, will you

to task? call him him, will you titsve criticize rewith in dealing of action A plan titst

ii turned soldiers is suggested as follows:

percertain 1. should have quorum Every

imsoldier members to visit designated sons return their home. Welcome upon itiii mediately

them home, let them know that they still belong, extend to them an invitation to participate in quorum activities.

"\TOW, for the first time, you can give your baby the amount of vitamin D with2. advice.Don't showerThey arethemgoingwiththroughquestionsan ador

he needs in crystalpure form... in milk that is uniformly rich, justment period which will require time. If

advice is needed they will ask for it.

milk that is easy to digest. 3. Be casual and matterof-fact in dealing

with them. Do not treat them as heroes and

This new form of vitamin D—now in Sego Milk and in no other brand do not shower them with sympathy. Such

—is exactly the same kind of vitamin D which sunshine creates in the aableprocedurecomplexeswouldor eitherembarrassaggravatethem. undesirskin of human beings. It is so pure, so effective, that less than two- 4. Give them an assignment, a job to permillionths of a teaspoonful provides the amount needed daily by the inform.the Soldiersarmed services.have hadTheya verywillbusybe lostlife

normal baby for developing good bones and teeth, and for excellent when returning to civilian life, not having to do. growth. Each pint of Sego Milk contains this tiny but sufficient amount of enough

them feel that they are helping will make pure crystalline vitamin D. someone else. This will aid them in overcoming their own difficulties in adjusting to

Ask your doctor about the new vitamin D Sego Milk. And when you civilian life.

buy evaporated milk for your baby or for family use, remember that a long5. Betimetolerantto rebuildand patientthe mindsfor itandmayspiritstake

Sego Milk is the only brand with pure crystalline vitamin D. of some of these men. There is no single

pattern or formula which can be applied to will require work all veterans. case Each all seal This that statements been guarantees have made here

characterits peculiar of study in terms and of the American accepted the Council Foods by and Nutrition on istics.

Medical Association. There is another phase of responsibility which quorums have to soldier

certifies This Foundation that the seal Research Wisconsin Alumni solall of our members. Not quorum

to that tests diluted periodic determine Milk makes Sego with an not diers will return. This mean does of of 400 units water gives vitamin always equal you amount D

per quart. that the priesthood responsibility

ceases. Quorums have a responsibility

To get your copy of the 64page baby book tonotthereturnfamilyhome,of atheresponsibilitysoldier whotodoessee and Mary Lee Taylor's latest recipe book, write: that their needs are cared for.

Finally, priesthood quorums have a responsibility to all members of the SEGO MILK priesthood who have fought in this war.

responsibility that to see a have They Cd. Products see in vain, this to fought not was war

159 West 1st So., Salt Lake City, Utah

all are the world that awakover men teachings. to and to his They God to bring Milk Products Sego you evaporated milk First to bring you ened Co.—First that obligation to promote an have vitamin milk with pure crystalline D. evaporated

Christ on earth, which taught—peace men. toward good will

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

a Supremeiithoritj If you haven't a college education—and universities, libraries, is used by high hoMr the distinguished contributors to the

ninetyfive out of a hundred have not Departments of the U. S. Government, Encyclopedia Americana treat a subject.

your home should have a major encycloAmerican industry's distinguished reSend coupon below for the booklet of pedia. search departments, leading magazine and articles from the Encyclopedia Americana

Knowledge is power—not only in your newspaper publishers—and is endorsed by on "Atomic Energy."It will open a new

world of today but also in your son's and a host of eminent Americans. era of learning for you!

daughter's world of tomorrow. 30 VOLUMES, 9,000 ILLUSTRATIONS,

A DISTINGUISHED LIBRARY IN ITSELF 66,000 ARTICLES <5?<? AMJEltTAWA jlNJVGAL

Encyclopedia Americana is a vast referIts thirty large volumes with more than storehouse of knowl- a huge million library—ence twentytwo words and thousands

in international the scope, equalling edge, illustrations of on Elec- *'A\J YEARLY upon thousands essential to only information be Plastics, found tronics, Care, Aeronautics, Child in research thousand over through a Agriculture, Genetics, History, Tropical ThekeepsAmericanayou InformedAnnualof volumes. Fruits, Housing, and thousands of other current, major developIn all the world, there is no name among subjects embrace the essentials of man's ments in all fields of

encyclopedias more distinguished than knowledge in sixtysix thousand easily human endeavor

Encyclopedia Americana. America needs read, lucidly written articles. Hundreds of through this important

to bow to no other nation for the scholarthousands of dollars have been spent to BOOpage illustrated ship of this supreme encyclopedic aukeep it current with this fastchanging yearly vofvme.

thority. world.

CHOICE OF EMINENT AMERICANS FREE: 40PAGE BOOKLET ON

Encyclopedia Americana has the unquali- "ATOMIC ENERGY"

AMERICANA York 19, N.Y. fied approval of the nation's great colleges, See for yourself without cost or obligation nENCYCLOPEDIA2 West 45th Street, New

Send me without cost or obligation the reprint "Atomic Energy"from the Encyclopedia Americana.

Name.

Address

City. MERICANA Occupation or Profession iu& I. E.5-46

I u MAY 1946 311

THE ROAD BACK morecians inimportant,the field newtheyclueshavetogivenworkphysiupon (Concluded from page 293) orders that the socalled shock therapies which in the future may bring greater the cause is known, little can be done are applied. help and even prevention of certain

about it, as in cases where aging procesIn the insulin treatments the dosage mental disorders.

in physician. the is Once other determined illness. by In of the bases the areses is primarily not hospital mental

insulin causes a HPhe stream, is the blood cause exact thecases, though even purpose institution. The custodial a content sugar the blood in that is lowering so known enoughnot known, retreat is and to hospital mental of a is continuously brain the which with employed. be treatmentbeneficial may instituill persons. store mentally An of period results an in a This supplied. schizoare latter group pathe a custodial when tion only Among becomes of degrees varying of or hour two praecox), dementia rehabil- (socalledphrenia and is cured to tient be unable coma, stupor, and thought, of cloudiness inpsychoses, and menmanic-depressive success any of degree itated. The insulin of the amount on depending these of psychoses. this in None endeavorvolutional will hospital tal have

it acted has time of length the given and contains but disease single is factors adiseases three is determined by varior come; stupor and coma when one comprise subgroups. Theyseveral disposal. its it facilities at has (1) The in those to similar arise symptoms ous to patients firstadmission all orits ofthird to administration ability of (2) The shock. surgical disis facilities. for It these those hospitals. utilize The (3) andmental ganize

During the time these are developing, willingness of relatives to put away false trained nurses and attendants are conpride and cooperate for the benefit of the stantly present watching for signs patient.

which tell exactly the state of the paCertain types of mental illnesses cantient. Physicians are always available not be cured by any treatment known

and remain constantly with the patient today. These, however, are not withduring the latter stages of the treatment. out hope, as much knowledge is being

Ordinarily, a patient is allowed to gained throughout the world which remain in a light coma for about an hour gives evidence that some day these and a half. Should the patient show present incurables may also be given

evidence of impending danger, the treatment that will be more adequate treatment is terminated. If there is than at present. Even though a person

reason to terminate the treatment rapidcannot be cured of his illness, he is enly, dextrose is injected directly into an titled in a civilized society to kind and arm vein. This usually brings the pasympathetic treatment.

tient out of the coma sufficiently so he Ignorance of the public in general can speak in one minute or even less. concerning mental diseases is one of the

If there is no reason for rapid terminagreatest impediments to care and treattion, sugar is passed into the stomach ment of the mentally sick, and one of the through a tube inserted in the nose and chief reasons for the apathy throughinto the stomach. When sugar is given out the country in demanding adequate

into the stomach, fifteen or twenty minappropriations from state legislatures to utes are required to bring the patient secure competent personnel, research, out of the coma. and housing.

There are many dangers associated It has been difficult to bring before with the insulin treatment, but by carethe citizenry and elected representaful selection of patients to be treated tives a different attitude on the imporand attention by those giving the treattance of the work being carried on at

Most Electrical Dealers ments, these dangers are rather remote. mental hospitals. If public opinion is

now have on display At the hospital where I was an observto be changed, people in general must er, over seventeen thousand individual be taught that the prime purpose of some of the new Electric treatments have been given without any mental hospitals is to give mentally sick treatment that best ill effects. the care and persons Some permanent Servants, and will be known

needs. individual but fit their occurred, ill effects have transient

glad to take your order they have cleared up in rather a short One of the troubles specialists have time. is in trying to enlighten the public to the

for future delivery. Electroshock therapy is used to reneed of institutionalizing those who

place metrazol, a drug injected into the need attention as soon as possible after has diagnosed physician is generally competent two a of shock Time KEEP IN TOUCH WITH veins.

illness. case as a mental the vary from but it may a second, tenths of

YOUR DEALER one tenth to four tenths of a second. Those who need attention are de-

A recording apparatus measures actual prived of institutional care or hidden time and flow of current. away in homes by relatives so long that

It cannot be properly explained how the unfortunate individuals, in a great either the insulin or the electrotherapy many instances, cannot be helped.

treatments act to improve the patient. When the public has been enlightMany physiological changes are known ened on the work of rehabilitation of

to occur. Some, those in the brain, are, mentally ill persons and is convinced Utah Power & without doubt, responsible for the imthat it is not a disgrace to go voluntarily

provement. Although neither of these or to be sent by relatives and that menLight Co. treatmentssired, both supplieshave givenall thatdefiniteis to helpbe deto talfine—onlyhospitalsthenare willto curethe andstigmanotofto placcon-

thousands of patients during the few ing a mentally sick person in an instituyears they have been used. What is tion be lifted.

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. a CREW. ONE MAN instead of

WITH

OLIVER'S Automatichydraulic threader

PICKUP BALER With its hydraulic wirethreading unit, this machine the needles, or shuttles, and fastens the bale tie ends.

will bale up to 30 per cent more hay than the ordinary And that's all he needs to do!

pickup baler and do the job with only one man

Double needles take the wires around the bale autoworking at the baletie mechanism.

matically and return to the tying position as the

Feeding is continuous. No heavy, cumbersome blocks plunger moves back on its reverse stroke. Thus, the

or bale dividers to handle. A single operator threads bale is cleanly separated with the final beat and the

needles are not forced through the stream of hay.

Needles have completely traversed the bale. Fastening the tie

ends completes the operation. This remarkable new OLIVERANN ARBOR development is one of the greatest hightonnage laborsaving

devices ever designed in a pickup hay baler. Available in 14 x 18 and 16 x 18 sizes with SAV-A-MAN

Force Feeder, Hay Booster and Twin Intermediate

Gears and Pinions.

Write us today for prices and further details.

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CDMPANY OGDEN, UTAH Branches: Ogden and Tremonton, Utah; Preston, Blackfoot. Idaho Falls,

Shelley, Twin Falls, Buhl, Rupert and Rexburg, Idaho.

"FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY!"

MAY 1946 313

GENERAL CONFERENCE GENERAL CONFERENCE

this of ment as concrete, kingdom a orof Council the LEVI paint a Twelve word EDGAR YOUNG reality, ganic its small indeed at beginpicture evil of things the of some ram- {Concluded 290) page from ning. is the today So separate Church is in It the pant firm today. world my section of fourth dealt men. with The civic political from and government if that conviction the Saints Latterday tells of the the Covenants Doctrine and of and the composed people follow who are successfully to crisis the through go spirit soul. characteristics of pure a The his teachings. is This glorious part a in find the which world, they we now clean; the be be body must must made of theme time forbids which my my in their must certainty hearts the have sin clean. be must and made Wrong amplifying. in read gospel of the We that early the pioneers had, to which the teachings bring overcome. of To Jesus chose Luke twelve how aposElder this referred morning. Widtsoe confines the the within of a Prophet tles willing to act as his were who can that certainty have because We is is impossible. essay mere There a heralds of the kingdom; the with and right the to taught be the have we by his that teachings requires to majesty seventy, these sent into the were world same taught them. power which faith in prayer, realization and a God, to teach the this in gospel. after day, So occasion the one Prophet Joseph On of of the the Priesthood Holy power the Church organized, the was twelve in Smith talking to was Washington I realize in here which today and you the seventy and sent forth were to I a President States. of the beUnited lives. our gospel very to him were The the evangelize is world. The Church it lieve President was Buren. The Van truth, beauty, goodness. farms and The a coherent organization, which be can President of the States said to United cities the and Saints and which homes coterminous with the nation the or the of the Prophet Living God, "What built frontier the give testimony of on is world, whole but not dependent upis the difference between their institutions of the of knowledge you"—meanon, nor derived existing from of forms ing the Church he founded had under civilization. their temples, they Around civilization. is It the organized conthe inspiration the rest of God—"and their flowers; planted the lawns and crete expression the of of kingdom God. of Christian the the world?"And lives. purified their homes were by the apostle this Paul point clear made Prophet that question Joseph answered perfection spiritual Moral based on was as first in the recorded chapter of Colosin sentence, one the have Holy "We perfection. bodily they and reached As sians Ghost."juster their of appreciation a human is all things, he before all And and him by Saints crossed the plains The who the needs, for regard pure a and body things consist. almost a years hundred obtained ago its spirit took as the of place three one is the he the of head And the body,

their certainty the that by power Joseph requisites character, of is along church: the human beginning, the firstborn who

with the love of truth and the love of from the dead; that in all things he might Smith referred to, the Holy Ghost. He

goodness. have the preeminence. (Colossians 1: 17,18.) teaches us direct from God.

Some people have said that Joseph 'HPhe Prophet directed his people to Smith was an unlearned man. He was

build in an unlearned things the the of man MARION G. world, grand but the of out he the day came old edifice—thetheir temples,Kirtlandand Temple,in that

and later in that other majestic temple grove, following the first vision, he was at Nauvoo—their hopes were realized. ROMNEY the most learned person in the world in

They were erected to God and required Assistant to the Council of the Twelve the things that count. When he came

the human constants of the people who out of that grove, he knew more than all built; hunger, and labor, seedtime and Address delivered at the Friday the world put together about the great

harvest, love and death all operated to afternoon session of the 116th question of the resurrection, which had build those noble and sacred houses. annual general conference, been argued from the time man began

Little wonder that they could say: April 5, 1946, in the to think seriously, because he had seen

O God, in every temple, I see people who Tabernacle standing before him, the resurrected see Thee, Christ. When he came out of that grove,

And in every language I hear, they praise he knew more about the nature of God

Thee, than all the world. There had been

The civic idealism of the Prophet of many books written; philosophers had

God is shown in the lovely old cities spent their lives trying to find out the of Kirtland and Nauvoo, rising from nature of God, but when God took Jotown governments to civic centers. seph in hand to teach him he cut

They exemplify the words of Isaiah of through all material things and taught old: Joseph the truth about these and many

other things. important

city; a strong salvation will We have every member Now, of this Church for bulwarks. walls andGod... appoint

Open ye the gates, that the righteous nahas had hands laid upon his head and tion which keepeth the truth may enter in. has listened to words about like this,

(Isaiah 26:1, 2.) "Receive the Holy Ghost."And every

In the study of their fields and garLatter-day Saint has the right to receive dens, one is reminded of the story of the Holy Ghost and be guided, through the beautiful garden found in the these perilous times in which we live,

Odyssey of Homer, which some say, is by that Spirit.

a reflection of the tradition of the GarThere are two sources, and as far as den of Eden. Certainly they illustrate I know only two sources, from which

what Goethe said in the last scene of we may expect to gain guidance that will

Faust: MARION 6. ROMNEY safely bring us through. One source is

I found God in trying to make the earth through our righteous living, so that we beautiful. the can dictates of the have SpirHoly listened morning to the we This is the other source and the from prophet the of that say Lord we it, to conclude. Prophet The nowAnd the words spoken by living men are in the whom the time we when established the Christ of Church shall sustain seers, as prophets, prophecy, and

itas designed the Master. was by As revelators in this here conference.

... the their of shall wise wisdom forth men set reality theJesus the of

dent men shall be hid. (Isaiah 29:14.) very necessary for Latterdayjective—askingdom of "righteousnessGod as spiritualandandpeacesubperish, and the understanding of their pru- 'T'here are two or three things that are

and joy in the Holy Ghost,"it is is being fufilled. This afternoon we Saints to do in order to have the Holy

also true that he set forth the establishheard Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the Spirit, and I want to talk this afternoon

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY AFTERNOON getherIt is oftenexpedientto partakethat theof churchbread andmeetwinetobywillingwitnessto takeuntouponthe Fatherus the thatnameweof arehis in the remembrance of the Lord Jesus. (D. Son and that we will keep his commandabout one of them. It is partaking of & C. 20:75.) ments. This amounts to a virtual resec- fiftyninth the for In sacrament.the of baptism, the covenant of newal freand the time little later he fixed A Covenants, the and Doctrinetion of for bapcandidates recall that will inyou this with meetings of such quency certain specifies comthe Lordwhere things, to other are, tism among struction: the applicable to especiallymandments

they that. church the before witness of. prayer other.. to the house says Zion,land of shalt among he thou go

... the name them to willing take upon. are. holy sacraments upon offer thy my and upthings: to determination a Christ, having of Jesus {Ibid., 59:9.) day.

fully 20:37.) C. keep to the end. more that mayest (D. thou & serve him And

thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt I believe that every time we act purgo to the house of prayer and offer up thy suant to a commandment of the Lord, *\Jow there is a doctrine abroad in the that the teaches today which fundamental with some comply worldsacraments upon my holy day. (D. & C. we59:9.) are sacrament of the emblems never rephysical for he of growth, principle

The Melchizedek Priesthood quorum quires us to do a useless thing. Rarely, transformed into the flesh and blood of

presidencies throughout the Church are however, are the purposes for which Jesus. We do not teach such a doctrine,

requested to report to the general a commandment is given and the benfor we know that any transformation priesthood committee of the Council eficial results which follow obedience which comes from the administration of of the Twelve the performance of their thereto set forth with such clarity as the sacrament takes place in the souls quorum members with respect to varithey are with respect to this commandof those who understanding partake ous Church activities. One of the acment. of it. It is the participating individuals

tivities reported is attendance at sacraIn explanation of it, we are taught who are affected, and they are affected ment meetings; another is keeping the that the bread is to be eaten in rememin a most marvelous way, for they are

Sabbath day holy. brance of the body of the Savior, and given the Spirit of the Lord to be with

In reviewing some of these reports, that the water is to be drunk in rememthem. This is promised in the sacrament

my interest has been challenged by the brance of his blood which was shed prayers. The sacredness and imporgreat number reported to be keeping for us. It follows, then, that this sacred tance of these prayers is evident from

the Sabbath day holy, who do not atordinance is to direct our thoughts to the fact that they have always been tend sacrament meetings. Now, of the central and most important events given to the Church verbatim. In this

course, I realize that there are circumof earth's history, the suffering, death, dispensation they were dictated to the stances under which Church members and resurrection of the Lord Jesus. Prophet Joseph Smith by direct revelamay and do keep the Sabbath day holy It has always seemed significant to tion from heaven. In them, in addition

without attending these meetings, but me that from the earliest times until toto the promise, the whole purpose of in the absence of compelling circumday, there has been among all peoples the sacrament is set forth. Let me restances, I feel that proper observance who have believed and accepted the peat to you the blessing on the bread:

attendanceof the Sabbath day requires ordinance repeated frequently gospel, a in thee Father, ask the Eternal we God, O meetings.at sacrament their to these minds pointing bless Christ, to thy of Son, Jesus great the name of I that of the members wish more of earth's morning In the early events. all soul's of this to the sanctify bread and

the Church would regularly attend temporal existence, at the Lord's comthose who partake of it, that they may eat them. It would be to their own spiritual mand, Adam built an altar and offered in remembrance of the body of thy Son, and

wellbeing, and I fervently seek the sacrifice, although at the time he knew witness unto thee, O God, the Eternal Fawilling take upon to are ther, that they Spirit of thesustaining Holy power his obeof consequence a not why. As

reand of Son, always thy the them name tell I to why. you attemptwhile enlightenment, an his for dience and his commandments and him keep member first solemn are under place, the In we him unto and angel appeared that they them; may given has he which meetsacrament attend toobligation them. to with Spirit his be have always. is.. thing a similiThis saying: spake, all requiredings, the has for Lord who 20:77.) C. (D. Amen. & Begotten sacrifice the of of the Only tude to his in are baptized namebelieve and

full is of grace and Father, the which of dishis Nephite instructing inis that It also so. evident he Whiledo Price, 5:7.) of truth. (Pearl Moses Great sacrament, the to ciples respect with he original thestructed when Twelve

first instituted the sacrament, for we The sacrificing of the firstlings of Jesus twice repeated to them the promread that following Peter's great Pentetheir flocks by true believers in Christ, ise:

costal sermon, in contemplation of his great sacrifice,... And if ye do always remember me ye

... they that gladly received his word then future, continued until his death. shall have my Spirit to be with you. (Ill

were baptized:... And they continued stedThe thoughts of his people were thus Nephi 18:7, 11.)

fastly in the apostles'doctrine and fellowrepeatedly pointed forward to his great ship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayatonement. Since his death, the minds It is the overwhelming importance of

ers. (Acts 2:4142.) of his followers have been turned back realizing this great promise that makes

meetsacrament at attendance regular sacrament. the to that event by of the learn Mormon, from BookWe if but for imperative, can so we is ings of the sacrament partaking Now that complete, is the record morewhere his of holy companionship the have experience. passive not a to mere be inspecific gave resurrectedthe Lord the adas spirit, able, shall Lord be we the Lord's to not are remember disciples the his to Westructions among fully ourselves to more keep monishes, reonly as suffering death and may we administer should that theyNephites furtherworld, and the from unspotted historical secular purely some member all should those unto sacramentthe who nor shall neither deceived be more we in the sacrament Participating event. his in baptized name, andbelieve be and evil the faith about in our disturbed by is vital spirto a service be a meant and to"... observe this shall always ye

us. it, itualizing experience. of Speaking (III he admonished 18:6),do,"Nephi sisters, and brethren may Now, my said: the Savior "... toshall Behold, meetthem. ye appreciation an into us the shock Lord said (III.,. it he 18:22),gether oft"Nephi shall testimony the unto be a And regularly it attend to of means what

is it that me. always remember recorded ye the Father multitude, do andunto acceptably and meetings sacrament ". (Ill 18:7.).. Nephi oft to together didthat they meet

If service. in sacrament the participate

in wine, of bread remempartake and testify, one's to In to from attendance has will order increase mind our we 6: the Jesus."(Moroni ofbrance Lord

it percent, forty concentrated function, to be must percent and twenty about 6.) upon the thing to be testified. And we we shall double our spiritual power for

Tn this dispensation, in the revelation are not only to partake of the emblems righteousness in the world, which, may * in which the Lord pointed out the of the sacrament in remembrance of the the Lord help us to do, I humbly pray day on which the Church was to be Redeemer, testifying that we do always in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

organized, he also said: remember him, but we are also to there- (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 315 we love ourselves. ANTOINE R. we cannot well love our neighbors as GENERAL CONFERENCE

A s I study history, I believe I see that group, and if the governing elements nations for the could welwork great aggression the within of every war IVINS * if fare of those the group; work who suffered has world has been prompted

for of the the welfare could work selfish desire, greed avarice and by and Of the First Council of the Seventy the Spirit of an would have God not of all the whole, sometimes part on the people but at least on the part of the opportunity to work upon their souls

Address delivered at the Friday people who have the power to bring and make better men and better women afternoon session of the 116th the others into aggressive action against of them, bringing peace and prosperity annual general conference, their neighbors; and I believe the war and the alleviation of all suffering. It is

April 5, 1946, in the that we have just had and the war that a wonderful task; it is perhaps the

Tabernacle preceded it were precipitated on the greatest task of all, and it will never be world by nothing but greed and avarice realized without the Spirit of God to and selfishness. I do not expect to live prompt it. We will never get that Spirit

to see the time when people will not do until we weed out of our habits those those things, but some day may come vices of which Brother Merrill has when an arrangement can be reached spoken this afternoon. Perhaps if we

such as will prevent the aggression of could come to live chaste and upright one nation upon another, of a strong lives, we would then have a right to nation upon a helpless one. If that time claim from God his Spirit; and getting

ever comes, it will come because the his Spirit would help us to become unSpirit of God shall inspire men to draft selfish; and becoming unselfish we could

policies to prevent it. love our neighbors as we love ourselves.

I have a picture of this body of men and We not only have international troubles of that kind, but we also have women going away from this building interstate troubles that grow out of with a definite resolution to drive out the same motives, and they trouble us from their hearts every vestige of selfsometimes very definitely and personishness and to devote themselves with ally. I believe that they also would greater sacrifice to the wellbeing of

vanish if people could gain the Spirit their brothers and sisters, their fathers of God and act under its inspiration. If and mothers, their neighbors, and the

our legislators could give themselves nation at large. I wish that God would

to the duties of their office, if they give us this Spirit. If all of us who are

would never have a selfish motive in here and if all who are listening to the of the radio sound go forth waves that better they do, perhaps laws could ANTOINE R. IVINS what one themselves devote to that would If the be drafted. the men who control

big business of the nation should realize purpose, then this conference would fill beloved brethren and sisters, I that their own welfare rests upon the the measure for which it was called tocrave an interest in your faith welfare of the people that they employ, gether. The world would be better,MY and prayers for the short time perhaps they could in that way be and God would reign in the hearts of

that I shall stand before you. I feel that helpful. And then if the employee likemen. That he may help us to do this, I

without it and without the Spirit of wise could realize that his welfare depray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

God, it would be useless for me to atpends upon that of his employer, percould get together theytempt in a more to say a word of comfort to any haps spirit, evils SPENCER W. KIMBALL helpful of theseof us. and some

eradicated. could be {Continued page from 286) I this far in conference have Thus

if in stakes the and wards Then we greatlyenjoyed very been has what articles the imprishundreds, and by of hearts drive out could our our and

I said. likewisedone enjoy very and times, forty tarred him some oned odd spirit selfishness, souls of the could we I privilege the of shakhave hadmuch at him, feathered shot him, and did and the only our of with duty thought doing the hands so of with and in their men many everything destroy to power great the helping organization of which

I friends, to esteem be spite In theirwomen him. effort of whom every to my part. likewise help are a could we We I it possibleand to life, wish shake were his take survived through he more bring to that are but day; about we all of withhands and you you score know bitter a than of of years and intensely are human; human; and wewell. great get deal of a fill comfort violent his persecution to mission, We is told, selfpreservation, are the wein visit the as moving among his you until should we hour come. first is selfishness nature. of There lawstakes to deliver attempt and a message

it, is it in of the because tremendous and hell of suffered years Twentyfour he willthat helpful. be

it it will that struggle to drive take out also but twentyfour ecstasy years of "are times, trying very trying These souls of neighbor that the love of our enjoyed he in converse and with Gods to all of us, I presume, has already and it in the gained teaching such prominence other immortals! His mission was

in this saidbeen finthat conference It is likely no greatest of Christ. the strugman earth and were linked

tell smart us to beseems enough to just gle to have with make we would organized; ourished—heavenagain; the Church was

what to do to correct our troubles. I selves to become absolutely unselfish. ham Young and other great leadersBrigwish I knew the answer. I believe, howBut the things we do, we expect to rewere trained to carry on; and he had

ever, the Savior told us about what to our and we dound own honor our own conferred the heads upon of the Twelve live should in peace and do frequently if we would our glory, and measure we belonging to the every key and power happiness and live successful lives. Last willingness to perform them on that apostleship which he himself held, and

night we listened to a statement of the standard. It is not right. he had said to them:

work that is being done by our welfare organization in the Church, an expres- [ once heard a young man as he ad- I have laid the foundations and you must sion of unselfish devotion to an ideal. dressed a seventies'convention in build thereon, for upon your shoulders the

Christ said the great commandment is Barratt Hall say, "There is no measure kingdom rests.

to love God, and the second is to love to the good that a man may do if he our fellows as we love ourselves. I see does not worry as to who gets the credit And his hour had come to seal with his

in that the simple statement that we for it."That is a great and glorious blood his testimony, so often borne to

should drive out of our hearts all selfishprinciple of action. I think if nations multitudes of friends and foes. His

ness, for until we get rid of selfishness would work for the welfare of the Judas came from his own circle—Gov316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

all I die innocent and men. established, and God But when the work wasFRIDAY AFTERNOON

it shall said yet of be was murshallme—"he the organized, the keys deChurch

ernor Ford was his Pontius Pilate. livered,said to histhebrethren:apostles trained, he had dered in cold blood."Nauvoo was his Gethsemane, and How he wanted to live! He lingered

Carthage his Calvary. There were... Go into the city to such a man, and as he passed his farm and said plaintivealso modern Pharisees to goad the say unto him, The Master saith my time is Iy:

hand. withmobs-—and another martyr testified. athouse I mywilldisciples.keep the(Matthewpassover 26:18.)at thy If some of you had such a farm and knew

not the into Gethsegone had Lord want Then to take a good look at it for the religion,"found a Talleyrand andComeone has said, "Anyone can you would not see it any more, would you last time? his heart to out to pour God. mane is willinganswered: "Yes. to die If he

said to his again beloved he had Here it."is willingfor the martyr to do And left as he his longing eyes Nauvoo, Peter, sleepily sat And and James, John who that.exactly the of earth But powers city beautiful. the surveyed while prayed: he had by

'till hell take cannot "theand hour him is come."... Sleep on now, and take your rest: This is the loveliest place and the best Abinadi when threatened by Noah's behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of people under the heavens—little do they

soldiery, cried out man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. know the trials that await them.

Touch me not, for God shall smite you (Ibid., 26:45.) His farewell to Brother Wells was full

I lay hands me, for yourif ye have upon of pathos: to cherish "I wish you my also the Smith recognized Joseph had

the delivered thenot which message Lord waiting while memory."the foul And inability of to his enemies end his min-

.. deliver;sent to will me God jail blow in Carthage said he had istry prematurely. said He I suffer this shall that atnot.betherefore,destroyed

time. of 13:3.) (Book Mormon, Mosiah

for your head pillow, Lay arm on a my All the the enemies face the of upon to see that not me, slay ye have power Ye Brother like see to would my all earth their roar exert and power may Fullmer—I

.. I finishtherefore then message and my I family to that would might God to death, bring acabout they and can again—I my

itit I if that matters go, not.so whither be to the preach Saints in once more. Nauvoo nothing, unless complish are some

I Italics (Ibid., 13:7-9. author's.) saved. am us, our enjoyed society—who have among who

his This Golgotha; was he seemed to called brother, saluted kiss us a us withLife but been pleasant, death even had

deceit, said: falsehood the know. had and up and by He bitter, said: haswas not for as God indignation against wrath and have us—westir

... those that die in me shall not taste a Judas in our midst. Boys, if I don't come back, take care of

yourselves. I am going like a lamb to the death,of for it shall be sweet unto them. his ministry His hour come, had finslaughter. (D. & C. 42:46.)

ished. his prevail. enemies might Now

It will be recalled that Peter was reAnd a slaughter it was! The shots rang

leased from prison by an angel and proTnto the pattern of martyrdom comes out! And freely flowed the blood of

tected in many ways 'till his work was the voluntary phase. In every inmartyrs, for Hyrum, his older brother,

finished. And Paul likewise. No viostance the martyr could have saved his had chosen to remain with him. This

lence could take his life until he had life by renouncing his program. Abiprecious blood soaked into the earth,

borne his testimony to Rome and nadi had been told he would be put to sealing an undying and unanswerable

Greece and other lands. But finally he death. But he answered: testimony which continued to ring in

made the prophetic statement to minds and hearts.

recall the... I will not which I have wordsTimothy:

... for true; they are spoken and that ye He bore record:

I of their suffered surety I have the offered, know may to be and ready For now am light, actually in seen I had the and a fallen that into myself hands. I have is your attime hand. departure of I have my

light I of that personages two and saw I will suffer until death, Yea, even I and and midst fight, finished afought have good my they in reality did to me. have speak... I recall shall I will they not words, I and faith. 4: thecourse, my kept (II Tim. have

6, 7.) stand as a testimony against you. And if actually seen a vision, and who am I that I

ye slay me ye will shed innocent blood, can withstand God, or why does the world

There was no fear in his approach to and this shall also stand as a testimony think to make me deny what I have actually seen I had a vision; For it, and I knew against the last reyou at day. ( Book of Morseen? assurance calm andeternity—only it that not I knew and God I could knew 17:9, 10.) mon, Mosiah inevitablesignation to the martyrdom

it, it. I neither deny dared do to die did not he faced. wantwhich He

but was willing thus to seal his testiThe Savior had said: He approached and actually confronted

mony of the Redeemer.... I lay down my life for the sheep.... his tragedy. His dying words were:

Though the Savior had numerous No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down "O, my God!"

times been in most hazardous situations, of myself. I have power to lay it down,

and his life clear could that not beit was the final hours of the the I have power to take it again. (John Tn life of 10:15,18.)

until finished. histaken was work A martyr serenity that comes a calm

large crowd of people had surrounded When Peter in the garden had smitbaffles all human explanations. It is an

him, and there was much tumult in the ten off the ear of one of the servants of unanswerable challenge to those who temple. the high priest, Jesus said to him: would rationalize and explain away.

his faced Abinadi enemies triumto take him: but sought no man

. his place. into again thy. Put up sword phantly: laid his hour not him, because was.. hands. they on

. I that to.Thinkest thou cannot pray now

7:30.)come. (John shall. Father, presently give he and my.. me.. [they] lay durst not their hands on

And again: more26:52,than53.) twelve legions of angels? (Matt. him,and forhis thefacespiritshoneof thewithLordexceedingwas uponluster,him;

... Jesus walked into Galilee: for he even as Moses* did while on the mount of

would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews Joseph Smith did not want to die. He Sinai, while speaking with the Lord. ( op. cit.

sought to kill him. (Ibid., 7:1.) had so much to live for, with his fami13:5.)

ly, his friends, with his interest in the

His brethren dissuaded him and said: expanding kingdom, and he was still a They bound him and "scourged his skin

faggots"the and flames bewhen but man, though he hoped young and with into that hence, Judea, and Depart go to scorch gan him conhe prophesied that the pass, could cup prayed he knew that the also see worksthy.. disciples. may cerning cried: rethem and God, "O it said: things, was inevitable.... these doest. He If thou shewthou do

thyself to the world. For neither did his ceive my soul!"He died and sealed the

brethren believe in him. Then Jesus said I am going like a lamb to the slaughter. truth of his words by his death. (Ibid.,

unto them, My time is not yet come. (Ibid., But I am as calm as a summer's morning; I 17:1320.)

7:3-6.) have a conscience void of offense toward (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 317

SPENCER W. KIMBALL theWhenlions, Neroit is said,sendshethesentotherPaulChristiansthe Romanto GENERAL CONFERENCE

And as the death sentence fell upon citizenhaps, butto theit isheadsmanunimportant.and thePaulblock.walks Perand forever. Great characters, students,

Stephen, talks in every house in Christendom. (Book businessmen, scientists, followed the

... all that sat in the council, looking of Courage.) youthful prophet to his death. They

stedfastly on him, saw his face as it had And Joseph Smith, our Prophet: were not deceived. They lost him in

been the face of an angel. (Acts 6:15.) martyrdom but inspired with the diviniHe could have yielded and perished, but ty of the Cause went forward without

As the bestial mob viciously hurled standing resolute, he lives forever. hesitancy. Thousands gave lives they

life, the guileless this take tostones Illinois, Missouri, in could have saved, testilost. His not His work was saw up and looked martyryoung plains, today a the and and crossing into steadily forward, on goes the mony and saw openedheavens their education, for hailed great people the finity. carried torch had As Alma

virtue, stand to bear practicability, and standing Jesus and of God, Savior, for the apostles glory the Abinadi,... the for

of the Joseph that martyrdom {Ibid., 7:55.) of God. right hand the the witnesson and Brigham Young now came before the that like martyrs of Smith, of resthe to continue work Twelve bleeding body and bruised his infallible as of proofs is theand another him, toration. enphysical limit of the reached of gospel Jesus the divinity ofhad the of

cried and knees to his he fell in its fulness throughdurance restored Christ, lives to pergive their do not this 1V7[en not lay "Lord, voice: loud awith prophet. that humble

disfalsehoods. '-v'petuate Martyrdom soul another and charge!"theirsin to

had sealed his testimony with blood. sipates all question as to the sincerity I bear testimony, my brethren and

The Savior stood the humiliation, the of the martyr. Personalities do not sursisters, that this is the gospel of Jesus

mockery, the physical pain with pavive the ages. They rise like a shooting Christ, that Joseph Smith is a prophet

tience and tolerance, but he did not star, shine brilliantly for a moment and of God, and that he will continue to live want to die. He loved life in spite of his disappear from view, but a martyr for on eternally. This testimony I bear inpersecutions. He prayed, a living cause, like the sun—shines on the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

this let if it be possible, Father,... O my

I will, not as me: nevertheless from passcupbut as thou wilt. (Matt. 26:39.) SATURDAY MORNING

and then had come his betrayal, his trials, mockery though they were, and testimonies were thoughtful. They were

execution.his A. theexpressanswersthemselvesto prayer,beforethattheirthey brothmight his precious life was being OSCAR Though

taken by the unscrupulous degenerates ers and sisters, in a way that might express might acceptable and that beyet, KIRKHAM thinking. their deepest emotion and

of the Seventy delighted yesterday to know I wasthey.. know. said notJesus,whatFather,they do.forgive(Lukethem;23:34.)for Of the First Council a that faroff Korea from we received

As his life ebbed out he cried aloud: Address delivered at the Saturday cablegram that our young men were

I feel perthere in conference. 116th meeting the session of into thy hands I commend my morning Father, is spirit in the this that sonally abroad general annual conference, (Ibid., 23:46.)spirit. hopeful. are land; that people They in the 6, 1946, April

Paul said later: Tabernacle want the truth. They want the word of

is that us to great challenge God. The also is, must there testament a where For laboring servants, be might humble we testator. the of death the be necessityof influence of the spirit of the God, under are after force is men of testament aFor bring to to perhaps to all at strength it of is no otherwisedead: thousands—yea, the of millions, testimony blessed the neither liveth. Whereupon testator thewhile

the first testament was dedicated without gospel of Jesus Christ.

blood. (Heb. 9:1618.)

I traveling with a was "Decently, truth witness; borne had they But Salt of eight from Lake group men spilled; been had blood established;was Francisco. to City from came San They eternalstand would testimony theand States. parts the of United truth the rejected those who againstly in things and common, had many differentWe tragedies. in the villains the wereand prothat might agreed each man we

TD ut martyrs do not die. They live on pound a question and talk for a half

each question. or so on my When*-* "It hour said, the Savior and on. When question came, I asked the opportunity mortal to his finished,"is he referred

experience, for his crucifixion marked of the group of men:

everexpanding his in a milepostbut "Why is the church? Why the remillions of Hundredspower. life?"have been ligious

influenced for good by this perfect life and martyr's death. He had said him- I want to read to you the answers

these which expressed what men gave inself: OSCAR A. KIRKHAM seriously, their desire was really,

And whoso layeth down his life in my relation to a religious life and in relaname's forcause, my statethese tion to a church. As I read that the blessings enjoy sake, shall find it trust I may

98:13.) C.again. (D. 6 I as best I copied which down It is inments, Lord. Spirit of the of the

His work continues to spread to this I deed a great inspiration to meet with could, exactly as they were given, you day. the Saints at this general conference. may in your meditation see how the

gospel Christ of answers their Jesus eleven with ago I met days a few Only desires. The blood of martyrs is the seed of the Said man: one then people, and young it was hundred

Church. stand in a to see delight them a great

time, meeting, not at a one testimony Stephen than is greater dead Stephen strength—spiritualI want somethingstrength.beyond me, for the five seeking opporat a time, inspire but to continue sermonsalive. His

his readers. tunity to bear their testimonies. Their Said another

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SATURDAY MORNING pie. I want to be with them, and enjoy colorful old lamplighter came with his

with my children life with them."interesting cape and his stiffbrimmed

life, hat. are started lamps. light the we, to in our community Where He He I want a true moral code which I may

lit this gospel's living in to the one; the accordance crossed then he way andlive by.

teachings, there we have a lovely social lit another. Then again, and this one

Still another said: order; there is a lovely neighborhood; did not burn very easily; he had to go

it is out. of there that clean lovely companionship up the post and He was I want an opportunity to give service on finally, friends, light patient, friends, on. true the and where they come came levels.high to us and we go to them, in the hour of We smiled, and he crossed the way

Another said: need. again. By and by down the highway

into the went, he over and to "opportunity wanted Another one I want the company of people with like hilltop. the distant again on came city, Weand I his talents."a thought justideals. develop

this interest to see great with watched I satisfy that will truly something want choir ago, the Manti when moment lightgreat of pathway man I life feel in definite as basic awhat light—one my I in singing, not any would and was

it ing the with so highway. beurge. may And abiltalents fine the disparage and way

It I in service. spiritual missionary us be opportunity to study our want may think, ities this just choir, but of we

I tovalues. put and... want difficult know light God there. or here may The this choir multiply could a hundred I will. his in tomyself with want harmony easily, not with but pavery on come this times There throughout Church. I life. satisfying togive purpose want my striving, tience, with constant with and in is for opportunity andit men women to to develop give a chance me my will in hearts the our prayer highway different the besttalents to to to expression develop give many, and ways, many

light, travel. to safe place be a madewithin me. It talents takes within the them. two

betask help us with the great God service, that in our missionary us Another said: hundredship capacityand fourteenof one typepeopleor anotherin leaderto fore

in humility and go forward may we ward, a run even one ward. Think safe, continuous anchorhow a tie, an I want thanksgiving, devotion with and with that help in the of in hourage need. I want the his plan has provided a Lord

I might have greater faith, to connect life chance for men and women, if they with a prayerful heart. May we study

that of prepared, to be God, word eternity; to practicewith a real brotherhood the opportunity take and do their best, the

light heartagain truly to aof joy opportunity and I can an man; where may come them. it develops how

refeelrepent, forgiveness, high and into make hearts then sick world, our own solve. To enjoy and feel the strength of will come more and more the strength

knowprayer. To this I just in closing. say word to give and help.

it. withharmony I faroff in pray for these blessings in France God's will, and live in M'[ayI stood humbly one day

If men and women, across our land with a group of boys about me. The the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

and across the world, have these desires, then we may look for a glorious tomorrow. L. EVANS I have faith that they have them. RICHARD

Some apparently, by reckless living, or Of the First Council of the Seventy by conditions which have been brought upon them, by the great things that Address delivered at the Saturday have recently happened, may be dismorning session of the 116th turbed.ance—thatButtheI realitiesfeel it isstillonlyabide.disturbThey annualAprilgeneral6, 1946,conference,in the

are waiting for the word of God. They Tabernacle

are waiting for you and for me to come in humility to give them the simple of all, I should like to express First as Christ oftruths, gospel Jesus the in heaven gratitude Father my to my Smith. the Prophetrevealed Joseph by in this for Church, membership my

it that exactly way, not say doThey are fellowship with for you and who my are hearts their in they of heartbut reprehere, those with you and whom it. queries these of forseeking one Each sent, world. the throughoutmight be taken one by one to show how

the gospel has answered them. There has been running through my

mind a phrase from the Doctrine and phases accentuated Covenants, some by just or This refer to two: one me

statistical yesreport here of given the that question fundamental great etfirst to I shall refer morning, terday which for "Something beyond asked: me in in phrase appears This a moment.

strength."Well, wewasstrength—spiritual places: of a number

longing. that to the answer Whenknow

the Lord revealed himself to the Proph-... trouble me no more concerning this RICHARD L EVANS

et Joseph Smith, and made known and matter.

the testimony through againdeclared people should proceed in accordin one place it is followed by the his And truth of a perevent, the thatof great ance principles with those without unfurther reminder: that in heaven, onesonal a Father God, necessarily seeking further instruction,

the voice understandcould and speak further or troubling the of the concernthat doeth Lord works he But learn who testimony thenof boy, a new came shall his reward, things receive righteousness ing even they which already knew.

isthis man.""something beyond life Wethat in the eternal this world, in and peace ties thought in This oftwith another that helpful real and howknow how 59:2223.) (D. C. world to come. & series quoted of verses the from Docis, great truth comaglorious what and

fort it brings to all of us. This phrase "trouble me no more trine and Covenants:

One said, "company of people with concerning this matter"which, as For behold, it is not meet that I should like ideals."One of my friends said stated, appears in a number of places, command in all things; for he that is comrecently that he had an opportunity to would seem to have been an indication pelled in all things, the same is a slothful

servant; a wise and not rewherefore he the after to of from the Prophet University to the Lord Joseph Londongo

I ceiveth reward. no Verily say, men associates his unithat Smith of our graduated and from one whenhe had should in anxiously be engaged a good

given, principles in said the States. beenversities had But when the United cause, and their things of do many own

he, "Oscar, I want to go back home; I mind and the will of the Lord had been free will, and bring to pass much rightwant to go back and live with my peomade known to the Prophet, he and (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 319

RICHARD L. EVANS sponsibility,stakes must moremakethandecisions,ever assumefollowreGENERAL CONFERENCE

their assignments to with through a is them, in theeousness; wherepower For us, duties obligations and and our and conclusion, successful proceeding with themselves. agents unto arein they And us. responsibilities are hidden from not bringing works, to pass and good many shall in they asinasmuch good do men I us to help so proceed, ask God May their things free of in righteousness own their that lose doeth reward. henowise But Christ. in the the of Jesus Lord name will, in is the plans until with accordance anything henot commanded, and

receiveth a commandment with doubtful which have been laid down, and withAmen.

heart, and keepeth it with slothfulness, the out importuning too much concerning same is damned. (D. 6 C. 58:2629.) principles which have already been JOSEPH F. SMITH

Tt is a great satisfaction to parents, it established and agreed upon. ( Continued from page 289

is a great satisfaction to men in places As the Lord on a number of occaUnited Colonies are, and of Right ought to of leadership, when our children, or sions instructed the Prophet to "trouble be free and independent states; that they

those who are working in some assignhim no more"concerning certain matare Absolved from all Allegiance to the ment for which we are responsible, do ters, the Prophet likewise, even with British Crown, and that all political connection the of State Great them between and in his as small as to do, the Church it was areprecisely they asked what is Britain, totally to dissolved; ought be and that to thing day, did virtually are in samein they asked the which manner States, free that as independent and and

his associates. it. that is advised he greaterto even He an But there do full conthey levy to have Power War,

thrill than this that comes to parents taught his people correct principles and clude Peace, contract Alliances, establish and to those in positions of leadership, let them govern themselves. And freCommerce, and to do all other Acts and

and that is, when our children or our quently, as recorded in the DocumentThings which independent States may of associates do a good thing of their own ary History of the Church, when someright do. And for the support of this Decfirm reliance Prothe a with on another anlaration, branch or from one from haven't thing they whichfree will—a tection Providence, mutually of Divine We distant of the other part Church, specifically, someto but do, whichbeen asked

Forpledge to other our our Lives, each the the place from the in where Prophet what with accordancethey undertake sacred our Honor. tunes, and

particular that to at time, be happenedprinciples taught have been which them, which they know to be true. That would write him and ask him how to This country has enjoyed the bless-

( tion and they had has been many grievous a child whoparent—whenis one of the great thrills of being a proceed with a certain problem or situaings that it does, because of reliance

difficult situations lems and principles to ), he would proceedstaught correct probupon1787—ourthe Lord.great OnlyConstitutiona year laterwas

act in his own behalf in accordance often reply by reminding them of the drafted. I wonder how many in this

with those principles, and to bring to principles by which they should be congregation have read the Constitupass good works and righteousness. guided, answering some of their question in the last ten years? I want to tell

I believe if we should ask the leaders tions directly where he thought they you, brethren and sisters, it is the charof industry and of business, and those needed answer and then advising them ter that stands between us and slavery, who are responsible for the economic to proceed in accordance with their and it would be well for us to think wellbeing and other activities of our own best judgment and to handle the upon that. May I read what Benjamin

nation, what is one of the most difficult situation themselves. Franklin said about it. He said this at

the time acrimonious, debate was when find, those thatthings to which among in in generation, 'T'his places many in there dissension the and Conlist, was if in highthe not high on bewould deliberately the world, has been; gress difficulty findof the place,est be would

I for regimentation, conditioned and am too, people,ing old ones and young I sir, lived, time, the long have and a that those sure forces are which comto willing take are matter,for that who I I live, longer the proofs convincing more free principle the mitted to the of responsibility, toleadership and make this of truth: that see in the governs afGod intelligent his action of agency and man their to see if thingsdecisions, to fall fairs and sparrow cannot men. a of And his in responsibility behalf and own it is the to notice, without integgroundfinal His disposal with conclusion and

rity, with ability, and in accordance must be more vigorous than ever before probable that an empire can rise without this in influence. counteracting contrary his preprinciples beenwith which have

I sir, anything, for assured, in example, the not sacred been have know do Weaid? I upon. agreeddetermined and And writings, the that the "except build is Lord that time or wasteful of more more that furtherbelieve any young man who I it."that build in labor house they vain individuality, of destructive than makresponsibilitywill leadership take and I this; firmly that also believe believe and it for ing long to necessary people wait intelligence integrity can havewith and aid shall concurring sucHis we I lines. in that without long hours wouldn't say

in this political wants. better building ceedabout than he what no

it certainly avoidable, but always was builders the Babel. shall of divided be We

life. it of not our Cermust become way little interests; partial local our our forces are by there always, as twoXJow,

1 at work in this world, as there were tainly these things must not be perprojects will be confounded, and we ourshall selves actual mitted a reproach perpetuated become and byto be beyond ain began. time before the There heavens

is to future ages. word what down lest And necessity, reduced our lives becomeis condition that force which would this worse, hereafter mankind from may to pattern. an inflexible servility regimentation, for andmen instance, establishing of despair unfortunate

which would discourage them from I would plead with you, my brethren governments by human wisdom, and leave thinking and acting for themselves. And and sisters, and pray our Father in it to chance, war, and conquest.

then there is that force which, having heaven, that, as individuals and as a I, therefore, beg leave to move that henceestablished sound principles of conduct, people and as a nation, we may give our forth prayers imploring the assistance of its blessings deliberaHeaven, our on and it possible encourage to bringing full energies to pass andwould much make this tions, in held be Assembly every mornto use their agents, that righteousness; not withand be freemen to may we ing before to business, that proceed and we

their inintelligence that get Godgiven enhold our labor; and and we may this rethe or of clergy city of one more be

ergies in the accomplishment of good do the job that needs to be done, and quested to officiate in that service.

works and righteous purposes. work and give our strength construcTo bring this down to its applicatively for the creation and the produc- "NTow there are those in the country

tion in the Church today, we heard in tion of those things which the world who are telling us and particularly the statistical report yesterday that so badly needs; that we may proceed our children, that the Constitution was

there are one hundred fiftyfive stakes, with full purpose of heart in accordvery fine in its day but that it is oldthirty-eight missions, more than twelve ance with the principles we know to fashioned. "We have passed 'the horse

hundred ward and independent be true; and that we may take responand buggy days'; it is time we were

branches, and nearly a million people, sibility and make decisions and bring to becoming modern."I would like to take

and we know that the time is already pass much righteousness of our own a moment to read what the Lord has to here (and has long been here) when volition, not waiting to be commanded say about the Constitution of the men holding office in the wards and in all things, for the way is clear before United States:

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the for guidance. asked Lord I wouldSATURDAY MORNING B. LEE

like single HAROLD to if there has been one know instance. are prayers knows, Goodness (Continued page 283) from

... those again you, have unto I say who in civic rare national conferences. and unintentional testimony given "will it was An their enemies, scatteredbeen by is my

It is that the learned time wisdom we nation's in the for us recently capital to to importunethat continue should they by redress, and redemption, by the hands of of men is foolishness, when they think a highplaced government official when those who are placed as rulers and are in they know of themselves and refuse to he said after we had explained to him authority over you rely upon the Lord. the welfare activities of the Church,

of constitution the laws to and According thing in the very have done your "You suffered to be people,the I have which to I turn inaugural the second Kay that the tryChurch government is now for maintainedestablished, should be and

I of address Lincoln? its in ing to Abraham present to proprogram do all of protection rights flesh, accordthe and

ing to just and holy principles; That every read towards the end vide food for the starving nations of

perprinciple Europe."in doctrine act andman may

... the unto because world of "Woe to the futurity, moral according totaining of carloads the foodstuffs and As offenses; for that offenses needs must be

I that him, given unto whichagency have clothing bedding to the and move down to that the come, but woeit man by whom his for accountableevery be own man may to seaports be transported to overseas If offense shall cometh."that suppose we 101: the in ofsins C. (D. judgment. day &

is feed slavery offenses of those American people, as our the needy one truckand 7678.) the in which, of providence needs must God, similar to loads meet in go needs our

which, come, but having continued through that in I country, distressed area, the dedioffered the have Prophet When time, wills appointed His to remove, now He felt in is heart this suffithat surely Kirtland, at in temple thecatory prayer my that gives to and both North South and He cient of evidence of the the to hand given Lord him which bya prayer was this terrible the to as those war due woe by laid in being his bare behalf of this: people. saidrevelation, he shall the offense discern came, whom we

therein departure atdivine those from any all the naLord, mercy, upon Have O tributes the believers living which in a God the tenth ''"Poday of marks anniversary the earth,tions the of upon have mercy ascribe to always hope, Fondly Him? do we the principles inauguration those land, therulers or of our announcemay fervently this pray, that do we mighty deand nobly honorably so werewhich of the activity ment churchwide known scourge of speedily pass war away. may

viz., of land, Constitution the ourfended, as the Church welfare program. I canit Yet, wills all until that continue the if God forever. established fathers, (Hisbe ourby this to not without come looking piled wealth day the bondman's by two hundred

II, Vol. the 424.) p. Church,tory of and fifty toil of years shall unrequited the that over back days have passed. be

sunk, until every I of and blood drop drawn of have remembered those some who of section ninetyeighth in the And with the lash shall paid be another by its this fathered since inception, work, the Covenants, Doctrinethe Lord and drawn the with sword, said three as was to called their have been eternal who this the Constitution: about tohas say still it thousand years ago, so said must be President home: Grant, Heber Mel- J. true are is of and the Lord the that land conof "the judgments which law And vin Ballard, Nicholas Smith, G. J. altogether."freeprinciple thatstitutional, supporting of righteous

dom in maintaining rights and privileges, Campbell M. Brown, J. Frank Ward,

belongs to all mankind, and is justifiable The Civil War was fought for the Robert L. Judd, Elias S. Woodruff,

before me. preservation of the Constitution, for Byron D. Anderson. As I think of their

Therefore, I, the Lord, justify you, and the abandoning of slavery, and yet passing, I can't help contemplating your brethren of my church, in befriending slavery is creeping upon us in this day what their interest is in the welfare constitutional of law is the that which law 1946. I Through the program Domini are wherever they today.—anno land;the there it but can't believe did that not is less want wars now than we it was of the to pertaining man, law as And this if real want. in is here; country beginning and gives the the Lord them less this or than comethwhatsoever is more

of evil. (D. &C. 98:5-7.) I have heard a number of recitals opportunity to exercise that influence,

in the past two or three days of persons I am certain they will be exercising

Now, those are the Lord's words. destitute, without clothing and without it. What of us here? In paying due

There has been a tendency among some food, because they are suffering ecohonor to what they attempted to build,

Latterday Saints, even when the Connomic slavery. Now, brethren and sis- I wonder if we have remembered their

stitution is mentioned, to say, "There ters, certainly as Latterday Saints it words. We have repeated often the

he goes talking politics."I am not talkis time that everyone of us in all his statement that was given to us by Presiing politics. I am quoting the words of work: in his vocation, in his exercise dent Grant when this program was

the Lord. Certainly, it is not meet that of his civic rights, in his presiding at the launched. These were his words and

we should bring politics into the Church head of his family, in all he does, that you heard them repeated, time and of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, but he rely upon the Lord. It is time that again, when he said:

just as certainly, it is meet that every civic bodies, economic bodies, nationis primary to set purpose Our up, insofar Christ the of Jesus of the start Lord, relying Church al uponmember bodies, possible, it might be a system under I doctrine the take Saintsof Latterday forebears. did our as even May the curse conwhichas idleness of would done be politics, that his he into Christ andof of Abrathose famous clude words with with, evils the dole away of a abolished,

evaluate every candidate and every ham Lincoln, peculiarly appropriate at and independence, industry, and thrift and platform under any and every political this moment selfrespect be once more established of the in gospel the of our people. amongst of termsbanner the aim The Church

charity with none, malice toward With the to help to help people themselves. If there Christ. one any be whoJesus right all, in the as firmness for with God is to reenthroned be ruling as the isWork Constituthe or destroy weakenwould let strive to us right, the to gives see on us principle lives the of of our Church memto States, oppose himtion the United of in, the to bind are finish up the work we bership. ( Era, The Improvement April 1946, rights! constitutional of yourthe limit shall for care to nation's him wounds, who p. 209.)Obversely, we should support candihave borne the battle and for his widow and

all achieve to his orphan, do which may of foster platforms whateverdates and I traveled over the request Church by lasting just among peace and a cherish and will sacred protectparties who of First the Presidency with Elder Melall nations. (Second ourselves with and of the UnitedConstitution Invin in Ballard the States—thatthe early the of days J. Address.) augural which of governmentjust document welfare to discuss program local with

was divinely inspired. I pray that certainly the Latterday Church leaders the details essential to its

In our various councils today I am Saints at least shall do all in their power beginning. There were three favorite

wondering how often the Lord is asked to preserve that kind of government, passages of scripture that he frequently for aid? I would like to know if there that kind of reliance in government quoted to the people. One statement

has been one single instance in the upon providence which to this moment that he often repeated was this: "We

whole history of American laborman- has assured us our blessings and which, must take care of our own people, for agement disputes when industrialists if we abandon, will bring us into ever the Lord has said that all this is to be and labor union leaders, coming toincreasing slavery, in the name of Jesus done that:

gether to solve their problems, have Christ. Amen. (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 321

last time a perilous in the days, GENERAL CONFERENCE HAROLD B. LEE come

lovers of their should be when men own selves, disobedient, covetous, unthank-.. stand the independent church may us. us has shown among away He ful, affection. natural unholy, without all creatures the celesother beneath above. If love. the brotherly to way familiar strangely tial the the to sounds That 78:14), world"(D.6C.

afflictions predicted been which have in of the language this day, Lord when us, will they come upon after do quoting come taught he againand declared: from he

the one hundred fifteenth section of the upon us because we have not kept the

Doctrine and Covenants: Now, I, the Lord, am not well pleased faith and because we have been disobethe dient opporand have thrown for inhabitants away the there are Zion, of with

all: Arise Verily and shine unto I say you their idlers children tunities are them; that has and Father Heavenly our among

light for forth, that thy a standard be may also also wickedness; they growing up in for the us to prepare of given day (verse nations, the 5.) eternity, of riches earnestly the seek not but foretold, one over calamity he which

full of greediness. things are eyes These this is of their ago, of demonstration years the come in would hundred This day be be, to must ought not done and away his generation. in behalf of the ofthe Lord power 68:31, them. (D. 32.) from among &C.

the the at dedication of quoting hunagainpeople. I remember the one And

dred fourth section: I have asked myself if the failure of grain elevator in 1940 hearing President

in inspired prophetic an and McKay their aging children of take care to if shall the of take Therefore, any man utter these prayer words to parents, of a they day come when I impart made, and which have abundance this edifice service, of conbe an a May is in of are sustenance, need and want his the portion, of according to law not it love, tribution of as dedicate such and we in failure the needy, the to parents, poor the of the gospel, and unto due daymy blessings attend to thy thee unto and ask lift his shall, eyes wicked, the up with he children teach those by, to same gone its all to erection contributed and have who (v. hell, in torment, in 18.) being idleness, of the curse to to avoid and to of all the contribute keeping may who

in righteousness responsible before is be the bins filled these which with wheat I read these quotations to you today to preserved preto necessary considered be teach our Heavenly Father. Unless we

remind you of the foundation stones our children today correct principles, paratory to the judgments that await the on which the welfare work of the they, like some children today, will be nations of the earth.

laid. has beenChurch natural affecthe thankless without and is that those prayer today who TU[v

this tion necessary society to cement *** receive those contribute, and who the of recalled experiences I have TV s firm, foundation. determined a upon in of live shall the so bonds as well,*"of last thought years, ten the Lhave it in to that deed, Yes, very seems me unity oneness, and brotherhood and of temporal as athe welfare kind work of the kind plan a welfare has been in reign of the that midst can the Lord to fathers theturning of hearts of the the children the turning hearts to of of his Saints over a and be them power children to the the childrenthe and chilfathers fathers the the to the and in ninethe shield as promised a he andfathers. dren, that might prolonged be upon we the of section Doctrine tyseventh and

this that land think a farfetched may You who Saints he would which the Lord our God has Covenants be, if we his

I us. given remind of one orstatement you may in his commandments would keep

two scriptures? To Timothy, the AposThe Lord has given us in this day day when the judgments were abouttheto

tle Paul said: the greatest organization upon the descend upon the earth.

But if any [man] provide not for his own, face of the earth, with his power and God help us so to live and to keep and specially for those of his own house, he his authority to direct it. He has in harmony with his Spirit that these

hath denied the faith, and is worse than an given us sound principles; he has things may be with the Saints in our

infidel. (I Tim. 5:8.) shown us the plan and the way by day, I pray humbly in the name of the

which want and distress may be done Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

And again the commandment from Mt.

Sinai, and interpreted by the Master mean, to will rememberyou the taking SATURDAY AFTERNOON children: parents of agingcare by

said father mother: thy in his book, thy Beveridge and Honour The that LeGRAND RICHARDS Senator land which the long uponthy be days may in a chapWorld, and the Young Man

the Lord thy God giveth thee. (Ex. 20:12.) (Continued from page 291) ter devoted to "The Young Man and

railroad Pulpit,"that the prominent a to that one could disappointment come

I scriptures make these two From in that said to finish that America to than Father's children of know man our first place In the conclusions:these two live life again, conscious his with that a he told then would be he and had

their for refuse care tothose own who identity, for things failed he to the and knowing accomplish was which who who severe judgment to subject more aare this into other sent people were, worth be world. would he was

to out that meted be wouldthan which all it the the of wealth that told to him than more should was Then Adam faith his lost become had andone who States. in This United the knowledge to abide him, given Comforter; be we

that those infidel; second,as and an thirsting hungering through all gain that the and Comforter makes known

father to mother refuse and honorwho after things, righteousness; learn present, also things things are and which we

arein explained the the Master way will that past, resurrected things are are that be and and which which we we this land their tenurejeopardizing upon will lose nothing that death, through but explained our to come. it would Jesus

I us. given have has the Lordwhich it will us. that that to In the should a gain necessary be be he words go away

I that. wonabout deal a greatthought of Paul: not that the or could come, Comforter

jeopshall tenure that beder whether things, all teach should witus he bear.. seen, not hath heard, ear nor. Eye of the burdensome becauseardized of ness the the Father Son. of Presand into neither the heart entered of have man, shall increase that growtaxation and this related ident the morning Clark the things for hath prepared which God in virtually displaced our areuntil we (I that love him. Cor. them 2:9.) Peter of testimony received he which

if our of take care don'townership, we that witness. of because it told he that be Then was would I the wondering whether orown, am it told that should given be was Adam all to in him, given abide the truth of as his blessings, will withdrawLord in to things the him, abide peaceable of things. thirtyfourth in the declaredAmulek I if glory, immortal anyand wonder

if sucto refuse ofchapter Alma, we are that not only 7e can understand the peaceable body to know Joseph \\ help. in of stand needcor those who vv things of immortal glory without underprophet Smith of not a was God;

And on the other hand, so far as standing the glorious promise of the only to know that Jesus is the Christ, children are concerned I have rememeternal duration of the marriage covethe Redeemer of the world, but to unbered what the Apostle Paul said about nant and the family unit and our assoderstand the truths of heaven, the printhat: He predicted a time that would ciation with each other beyond the veil. ciples by which we might live that will

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

order. things, highest these Notwithstanding Illinois, in laying a background andSATURDAY AFTERNOON of

religion, lives. their a vital part of too, was for period life, he of Lincoln's the war

goes back into the Illinois period of the Churches were organized as soon as there settlers to small enough congregawere us form guide thinking, in usguide our forties, that in early period a known was tions. direct vocifcrude, Preaching was and living, give among men us powerour time, Saints of that to Latterday the it erous, effective for but good. force an was it is the in us, abide to givenbecause it in or pointed he one makes and two alcrude, Schools, although started were all things.truth of observations as fact as In churches. church soon most

all things, quickeneth which "That for influences school and were companion Illinois of In towns 1840 more few had all things, that alive makethwhich in piomorality decency, knowledge, and is It than people. curious thousand a two all the things,"underwhich knoweth life. times, relations social neer were Many Illinois largest the fact that settlement by the to scripture, the ofstanding undisciplined. know loose and

truth of the Book of Mormon, the truth of the Bible, to know the truth of And then he goes on and speaks of the the revelations that God has revealed dialects of the time which were extremein these latter days. I tell you, brothers ly crude. Beveridge makes reference

and sisters, it was well said when Jesus to a charge that was made against Linsaid: coln, as Lincoln carried on his debates

Blessed are they which do hunger and on states'rights with Stephen A. Dougthirst after righteousness: for they shall be las, in which Lincoln was charged that

filled. (Matt. 5:6.) he was advocating the marriage of

Lincoln, negroes. course, of with his inwhites to received an answer Adam

this reply that resented said and in his the Lord,quiry and the from woman from the South, through finding "Morbecause he sought the freedom of these monism,"was able to say that she now people and advocated that they might had hope of finding an answer to her eat the bread that they earned was no own life's problems. reason why his motives should be quesWhen you see these glorious temples, tioned.

when you see this great assembly of the Saints of God, when you see the A s I read this, my brethren and sisters, priesthood of God, when you see "my mind went back to the Prophet apostles and prophets such as the primiJoseph. He, too, was the victim of moIttive was a time when

the people's Church, church had, which God placed in CLIFFORD E. YOUNG peopletive questioning.questioned motives,

in times vicious they many were when children, henceforth be no more That we far in the forties middle the was Mormon their the imputations, and and Prophet fro, carriedtossed to and about with and city of beautifully situated the Nauvoo, on victims people the that our of became sleight doctrine, of the ofevery wind by Mississippi miles a broad about hundred thing; as look today, very and back we craftiness, cunning theymen, and whereby Springfield. in of 1840's, northwest the Here

it is thatlie people misunderin to no deceive. wonder 4:14.) wait (Ephesians village of a stripling Chicago when was

the failed stood Prophet Joseph. They five Springfield less than thousand, and a is thereI ask, anything more we could interpret to truly his motives; they little recently planted town on the to understoodwant know? If we failed to feel of his rightall muddyprairie, the impulse city the largest in Illinois, stood a

these things, then we could understand community of more than twenty thousand. eous living, and when he advocated

why Isaiah, when he saw the temple of... Center of Mormonism, Nauvoo pospractices and doctrines that were in

God builded in the tops of the mounsessed thousands of dwellings, and a great contravention to the then known times, into temple the all construction of latter days,tains in the which had people saw that questioned which he advodollars. a million the men been poured (Lincoln the say: heard world, and themover cated back and particularly the motive President, Randall.) G. J.

thus the of it. beProphet Joseph And... let the ye, to and up mounus go Come

tain of the Lord, to the house of the God He further describes some of the concame the victim of this impugning of of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, ditions that existed at that period, and motives, and much of this was a conand we will walk in his paths.... (Isaiah says, quoting one of the historians of tributing factor to his martyrdom. Men

2:3.) Illinois, that this was a lawless period did not know him then, and men and

And may God help us to do it, I pray, in the history of our nation, and that women have failed, in our day, to try in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Illinois partook of that lawlessness. to know him. That is unfortunate.

his in Governor History Ford of Ilin forties) linois (written the at If I may be a bit personal, my granddeals

in 1832. joined the Church My Illinois, speaks Lincoln of and it and father

greatgrandfather sevnearly was then its dangers of in these words, CLIFFORD E. warnslength with the "mobocratic spirit"in father with his four brothers and their

"Let every man remember that to vioenty. All of these five brothers, with the

exception of Lorenzo Young, were to trample the the blood on law is YOUNG late Smith, older than Joseph and yet when of fathers of his charter to tear the and

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve his own and his children's liberty."they came into Kirtland they recognized

(Randall, page 22.) As I read this I in him a Prophet of the Living God.

Address delivered at the Saturday thought, surely our people knew what They were men of intelligence;

afternoon session of the 116th that meant. They, too, suffered because they were men capable of analyzing

annual general conference, of these conditions. the Prophet Joseph Smith and apApril 6, 1946, in the Beveridge in his biography of Linpraising the things for which he stood.

Tabernacle coln describes some other things that They believed implicitly in him, and are interesting, showing that at this when they accepted the truth as it had feel the need of your faith and praytime the standards were not as they are been taught to them by the early misers, my brethren and sisters, as I today. He writes: sionaries, to the day of their deaths theyI stand before you this afternoon. I never wavered. All of them were true

desire to add my testimony to the many Quantities of whiskey were consumed, to the faith. That was typical of many.

forceful testimonies of this conference. everybody, women and preachers included, John Taylor stands out as a beacon

indulging. quick to fight, were and Men light. from as England had come He reading a biography Recently I was brutal. Profanity genwere combats was that It is true man. a young he was the the year, covering duringpublished love emphatic; of yet an innate eral and

war years of Abraham Lincoln. This justice and truthfulness and fairdealing younger than the Prophet for he was

biography was written by J. G. Randall, permeated many of the communities, and born in 1808. He had come from Engprofessor of history at the University generous and ready hospitality was of the (Continued on next page

MAY 1946; 323

CLIFFORD E. YOUNG shouldceive him.comePhineasback intorepliedthe Church,that Oliverthat GENERAL CONFERENCE

it this that true and he was knew was in settled Canada. in 1832 andland him, interview to to Richmond down while a 1848, In belonged. he where him Pratt P. found Parley in 1836,And that he never writes Brother and Moyle in held Council being conference was to him, he and gospel the preachedand life so in his anyone crossexamined the conference, Bluffs, to Oliver came it. Later hesubsequently embraced did vigorously as he Whitmer. David of in the the of meetcourse one and visit Prophet. the to Kirtland to it it,came related Brother Moyle As ings to speak, and asked you he know it a time apostasy; of time was IIt was a faith, as have strengthened and my his witagain story. the proclaimed He never wavered persecution, but heof I it since, thought have contemplated his of the of and ness Mormon Book to witness the borne Lord hadbecause it for been David have easy would how faith in the Joseph. Prophet the of Prophet here a that washim that to boy, say: was Whitmer "My

Living God. After the conference he appeared befifty-two years ago. We were mistaken;

After this visit John Taylor returned fore the high council. "I do not ask to we were young. Joseph Smith had an into Canada and subsequently in combe restored to my former position,"he fluence over us, and we were mistaken."

pany of others Joseph Smith visited said. He had been the second elder in But he did not say that. He could have

him. Later in 1837, in the fall, John the Church. "All I ask is that I may said it because he had previously been

Taylor was asked and instructed to come back into the Church, because I quoted by the Encyclopedia Btitannica wind up his affairs and join with the know it is true."A vote was taken by as having denied his testimony. He did

body of the Saints. Coming to Kirtland the high council which had excommuninot say that, but he did say: "I want

he found the Prophet was in Far West cated him, and that was in the proper to say to you once and for all that the and so continued his journey down order, and it was voted to receive him testimony that I bore then is as true tointo Missouri. You can well imagine into the Church, and he was subsequentday as it was the day we uttered it."

what it would mean in that day, slow ly baptized and ordained an elder. That was in the eighties, over fifty

travel and no roads, under crude and Preparations were made for him to years since the testimony of the three primitive conditions, similar to the ones come out to Utah, but before this could witnesses had been inscribed on the to which I referred in the beginning as be accomplished he was taken seriously flyleaf of the Book of Mormon.

described by Professor Randall. And ill and passed away. But he passed My brethren and sisters, my time is

yet, coming into Far West, where also away, as David Whitmer afterwards up. The Prophet Joseph lives as real a

there was apostasy, it made no differsaid, the happiest man he ever saw, beliving Prophet today as he ever did. His

ence with John Taylor. He knew, and cause he was back in the Church where motives were misunderstood then; they

that was all that was necessary, and he belonged. are misunderstood now, but there is no

from then on he consecrated his life to And so with David Whitmer. Among question about his integrity or his di-

a life of devotion and service that is the announcements of deaths read here vine calling. When men like John Tayalmost unequaled in this new dispensayesterday was that of the passing of lor and the Youngs and the Kimballs

tion. He was with the Prophet at his James H. Moyle, the father of Henry and others came to him and associated

martyrdom and never wavered. His Moyle, the chairman of the welfare with him, Oliver Cowdery and David

life reads like a romance, and yet it committee. It was my good fortune as Whitmer, who were cut off from the

rings true because of his loyalty and his a boy to come under the influence of Church; who knew him and associated

faith. Brother Moyle, working in Mutual with him intimately—I repeat—when

with him, and I have since that time men such as these associated with him brethren and sisters, so, in of the my a Prophet him and recognized an a love in for him and as I had my heartAnd conditions, primitive these of say that critics Living read God, then for appreciation may to the his devotion we

I thought how easy it was to question Church. I recall his telling of his interof the Prophet today need also to take

motives; how easy it is today when men view with David Whitmer, how he, cognizance of these testimonies as well

do not know and feel the human soul just out of college, wanted to know as of men who questioned his motives and respond to that soul as it breathes he was a young man and the challenge and who vilified him and maligned him testimony of the divinity of this great was before him—he wanted to know. as did apostates of his time and as is

work. His parents had joined the Church in done in our day by those who do not

Two more things I would like to England and emigrated to Zion, but he, have the spirit of the gospel.

mention before I close. I have always himself, wanted to know whether or God bless us and help us to apprebeen impressed, as you have, in readnot there was anything in this thing ciate that he was a Prophet of the Living of Oliver Cowdery and David called "Mormonism."Learning that ing God, I pray in the name of Jesus

Whitmer. It was through the instruDavid Whitmer was still alive, he went Christ. Amen.

mentality of Phineas Young that Oliver

Cowdery came back into the Church.

Phineas brothersin-law,They were Oliver MARVIN O. ASHTON Oliver's sister. marriedhaving

Cowdery left the Church in 1838 and Of the Presiding Bishopric was cut off with David Whitmer. He

drifted around and finally came back to Address delivered at the Saturday The last few conferences that I atRichmond, Missouri. Phineas Young afternoon session of the 116th tended in the stakes, I have taken the

wrote to Oliver pleading with him to annual general conference, liberty, if you please, of calling on each come back to the Church. Oliver reApril 6, 1946, in the bishop in the leadership meeting and

plied feelingly, that he had been Tabernacle of putting the question to him this way:

wronged, that the brethren had mis- "If you were in our position, that is, judged his motives. Our people in Misof you will never know what we who are conducting this conference,souri had suffered persecution. They Somevolumes of humility encompass what would you like discussed in the

had lost their lands and in many insome of us about twice a year. I meetings that are to follow?"

stances their homes. One marvels as sincerely trust that whatever I say will One made one suggestion and one

one reads about it that there was not be in keeping with this conference and the other. One bishop said this: "Once

more of a falling away, because that the spirit that is here. Someone has said in a while I think it is a good thing to

part of the Church was so far removed something about "goose flesh."I have remind members how much the Church

from the leaders of the Church, and it been so thrilled in this conference, that appreciates what they are doing."

was easy for men to get off the track. I think the above expression is a good Now, I suppose there is nothing new

Well, Oliver Cowdery felt that his one. I wish to express my appreciation about that; but it is very, very timely.

motives had been questioned, and so he at this time to my Heavenly Father for We have all come here to have our wrote to Phineas Young that he the gospel and for the thrill that we get "batteries charged,"as the common exfelt that the Saints would not rein its contemplation. pression goes. I want you folks in the

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY AFTERNOON horizon and never watches his feet be- I remember a story in the scriptures.

low. That fellow, in an exaggerated It was an observation of the Christ. A

is is leech. case, like the built certain a barns cuckoo huge and He man

that to thestakes wards and we know its in that bird's lays bird another eggs the grain the barns with jammed and batteries our get see to out you gowho life. nest. Yes, to others the necessities hatch of have to enough had He Inspiration comes you.charged from last raise children. off additional these eggs for years. and himself shut from He

it the ladder, the comes and downup this impractical the gumption sat fellow chuckled and world and What down inspiration from get youladder. We lacks furnished to has to be that himself I think he by someone so much. had

tithing the seein lives your when we else. this that that said then unto it was God meetinghouses the pay, you peopleyou him:

build, the fast offerings you make, donations to the welfare, and whatnot Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be reand whatnot. It goes on and on. But quired of thee. (Luke 12:20.)

this ever worry about: Don't I saymay I like a cartoon—it says talkingthat. to a railroad man You know, I was

talking unmercifully. so without much said:the most other day. "The He

I in Arizona cartoon saw this Down enthe track is an thing ondangerous gine and a coal car."What he meant It was of an elderly gentleman on his

by that was this—I suppose he was deathbed. I guess he had placed for his comreferring to the observation that has fort his stocks and bonds and his money all

his scarcely see around him bed. You can somebeen by Brother made Callis—we

for his picture accumulations. whole The our run lighttimes is where and that

told the the that near. story end was The is. coal car enginetrouble and a An in doctor the old held with watch hand

fifty or at the curve totrying make fellow's pulse, the the nurse from and excan't it, andsixty miles do hour an the pression for face ready on her was they tip over. ultimate. In that tense moment so vividly

Don't worry if you are loaded too pictured, the old man, with his hands on his heavily. It will do you good. That is gold, tenaciously blurted out: "Doc, I'm

what the world needs. You will always not going to go until I can take these with

find those people that come up to you me."

of you, a lot with and sympathizeand go, will leave you when you XTow, but themselves nothingpeople do who 0. ASHTON MARVIN their everything. get men Some their shoulder. a chip with on aroundgo

cattle, minds so so on on much much said: hasSomeone there has 'YT'ou know been nothing so stocks bonds, sheep on and so much

You can bet your life when someone goes interesting to me the last two that they crowd everything else out.

around with a chip on his shoulder, there months as this thing they call mistletoe. Some of our leaders in our organizais more wood farther up. Mistletoe you find largely in Texas, tions get that disease. I once heard of

I guess you Mexico, and Arizona. New that got fellow a so in love with sheepTThe meeting yesterday morning imtoo. find it sometimes, But up this way that grabbing, grabbing, kept he just

pressed me emphatically in two you see some trees festooned with the grabbing, and finally a bishop's court first, dear I of our the message leech. mistletoe; is a that mistletoe settle certain to held to a was whom genhe which message ever connected don't they "know whyways:President—that the court of sheep belonged. herd And

of is the gives. embodimenterally affection, because mistletoe the He with trial against him. the decided When him to compliment not trying tree that gives mistletoe time that everyit. I am fist his said: ended, he and shooktoo highly—I do not believe in that a kiss, if enough mistletoes do the same, "Well, you've got the sheep, but I'll

this world, big great is one tree kiss a mistletoe the can language you—thatstuff. I mean his message of good will the tree is a "goner."Yes, in using have those sheep in the next world."I don't Well, too now, much know

all the stage, people ongreat big is and to going goodbye. be And that things, that those I'll bet the about if he but

it are God's people. If we could just trouble with our nation if we are not has those sheep in the next world he'll

ourselves, into thateternally burn we careful. trees very some I saw down blankets to asbestos have put some

off. is the spirall That be better justwould of in mis- a mass Texas that were they the heat. so will stand on them

things.itual of side is tletoe. tree to going so burdened A this get habit grabbing people Some President Clark heard as Second, you things get ten the count. are Those

it in their intensified that so systems it financial read statement, he the isread practically that leeches. not man A to nature second for them becomes talking if heas he was is is what knew like like mistletoe; the balanced he

It grab, their grab. grab, so permeates to does. message Hisabout. he And bird. the the other man, cuckoo on A it like being that rethem works with It stability. emphatically breathedus thinks but nothing hand, money, who

I flex action. for a be pardoned May in the spending careindicated watchdog is also money, a "goner."money,

little illustrate repetition? Let what me of our In funds. the messageof Church I like to observation would The I mean of a balleaders reminded were wetwo is people that to here many you make

ance of the spirit and the temporal. holding positions in our Church are A fellow of this grabbing disposition

When this Church thinks of nothing but getting this money bug. I take my hat was working on a ripsaw in a lumber

money, it is a "goner."When this off to the man who has insurance and mill. In the course of his ripping a

"bingo,"off came a finger. spiritual thinks of onlyChurch for day. is a twoby-four; things, provides a rainy man A

in the Instead of letting his companions feet our on the ground Iand we haven't that. he doesn't do coward if am talkand we won't hold water financially, ing about the man who has accumulated mill rush him to first aid, he persistently

we are on dangerous ground. Thank plenty and gets the disease or the bug dug into the sawdust to find the lost

the Lord for that balanced condition of so that he eternally chases after more, finger. But in his efforts to repossess

this Church, and may it always be that more, more, and in that chasing he the one finger, "zip,"away went anway. neglects his duties. Some men take the other. Notwithstanding the efforts of

Wb.at is true of the Church is true cream of their energy for making his companions to pull him away so

of an individual. Are you balanced? money, and when they come to the that he wouldn't bleed to death, he now

Am I balanced? The man that thinks Lord's work, they've got nothing but persisted more feverishly than ever to

of nothing but the hereafter and stumskim milk, and some of it is awfully find the two lost fingers in the sawdust.

bles over the practical things of life is blue. At this point of the story a workman

his of I the scene came to It that knew picture. is sad.really a am not rich is like a to be who longs He friend's man grabbing potentiality. asked the Hetalking that has about man drinks the drinks sea water; he more his whotroubles financially—I am talking about the more thirsty he becomes and never them what was the matter. They told

the man who eternally looks over the leaves off drinking until he perishes. (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 325

MARVIN O. ASHTON Mirror.)and the best will come back to you. (Life's GENERAL CONFERENCE

going ago, towards month down said, that's are "If him. A all you He laying the the receives Ghost Holy by

lizline, the the Mexican where I down for get that about, worried can you elders or the Church. the of hands on by

it, ards, their as the puts lay on boy easily."to the very newcomer The this In the of Church members way

scene put his hand in his pocket, pulled backs and fan themselves, we stopped have received a testimony of the truth. out a quarter, flipped it into the sawin a little food shop. We didn't get

dust, and both lost fingers came up and much bodily food, but we did come... no man can say that Jesus is the Lord,

grabbed the quarter. That's what I call away with some food for the mind but by the Holy Ghost. (I Cor. 12:3.)

reflex action. that was hanging on the walls. First: After the individual has received the

in spite organizations succeed Some the laying hands, Ghost by on of wonderful this would be Holy world a What at the heads, of in spite of what the men right if I it is his privilege, others like I love through loved me. and

they do and what they don't do. I refaithfulness, to have his constant commember a cartoon of an old negro fishThe one that went right with it read: panionship, the significance of which

ing. the operation say sometimes They

fishing. is like gospel of the He was breadSomeuponpeoplethethinkwaterwhenit theyshouldcastreturntheir only the faithful know.

fishing half asleep. The line jerked and toasted and buttered. HPhe Holy Ghost operates in many

the colored man was brought to his ways for the blessing and salvation feet with a terrific pull. He felt the Now wait a minute. You may think of man. For example: when Jesus asked

boat pulling in the direction of the large that is rather ridiculous. That man who his disciples

his his select sent his corn, to corn line. fish fish the the of on end The

that say I am? ye... But Simon whom And casting the neighbors, bread upon was fisherman that colored our so bigwas said, art Peter the answered and Thou it waters, toasted but he got back and really for taken merrybeing a fastwas living Christ, the of the son God. And buttered. lake. his beIn that goround around said him, Blessed answered and Jesus unto

wilderment, he looked down at the May the Lord help us to be kind. art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and

splash the fish was making and cried Let us remember what is ahead of us. blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but

out: "Am I fishin'or am you niggerin'?"Let's not look gloomy these days. my Father which is in heaven. (Matt. 16:

Some of you people who hold high Let's face our problems. Our grand15-17.)

it. chins parents did Let's to keep our fishin', are positions, are not you you

it to the did reveal Father How the of face whatever is ahead niggerin'. just of the want you Some Peter? the of the Holy power By in us. greatest our tunes time play titles, sleep to honor, the but sunWe and go you has through Ghost, the Lord whom is there. challenge the of trouble, and line. theholding

You do your duty; let me do mine; and contact and communication with man

the earth. to this thought back come if on if it let's WANT to kills you, and smile—smile Hear what Moroni, a prophet of God in thisAf again, that things count the kill people smiled them. some it would

world are written over the horizon. Let May the Lord bless us. Amen. of Book of Mormon days, has to say

us be kind to one another and think of about the operation of the Holy Ghost besides andsomething money things shall receive these world. trouble with theThat is the that ambition. GEORGE F. RICHARDS [theAndrecords],when yeI would ye exhort you

Ike Eisenhower, the beloved general, (Continued from page 274) would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the if true; things Christ, these of are not name and talk giving to a boys the the navy did his will in all things. He saidwas

shall heart, with and if ask a sincere ye to Nicodemusother this observaday, he and made intent, faith real in Christ, with having he tion:... Except a man be born of water and of will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the

Cultivate mutual understanding of anythe Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom power of the Holy Ghost. And by the powone you have to get along with. of God. (John 3:5.) er of the Holy Ghost ye may know the

truth of all things. (Book of Mormon, MorSome good writer commenting on it What happens when one is born of oni 10:4, 5.)

I wish I could recall his name so I could water and of the Spirit? Jesus has set

promise people put this have Many little this all parablegive us things. Let him example in a worthy credit—told witto the the test received and have is to parable as folwith us see I leave him what happened you. The

spirit, of that things conthe ness thelows: baptized, Jesus, he went when was And true. in are tained the of Book Mormon lo, the of straightway out water: and, up interviewed farmer a newspaper man is A true respect to promise with This the him, heavens opened and unto he were raising in ribbons blue had won manywho I all scriptures. the read the account As Spirit like the descending of a saw God said: "Icorn. undernewspaper man The visitation given of the Smith by Joseph lighting lo dove, him: a and upon And ribof bluestand are the winner some you

is saying, the voice from the heaven, of bewhile to Father This him, and Son my said, gets "whatbons.""But,""Yes."he

I in Son, loved pleased. well whom am age, of yet fourteen a years he boy was is ribbon blue that a you win you whenme

(Matt. 3:16, 17.) the record it to bears Ghost to Holy select pass corn your ontake your and my

I against is competingneighbors, are they soul, true, that and says he what and is, in the immersed he That wawas is in sense the for the ribbons.you What this in rejoice exceedingly testimony. ters Baptist, the of and Jordan by John replied: neigholdit?""These man The I feel that revelations the of by I know out water, straightway of the up went raising corn, all beenbors have around me the of operations the through Holy God thus the he water. of born and was their select corn, I give don't themand if Peter, as as that well Ghost, did Jesus is Spirit pollinate the the to good heavens going opened corn and Thenbad my

is the Christ, the the of Living Son God,corn."lighted the of Ghost, Holy God, upon

is the and same power, which by as a dove, of him born and thus he was of story strange a I read a man I of the that God, do power Joknow by the experiPheister. ofthe While name is seph prophet of Smith and a true was his note followed having what NowSpirit. in corn, raising hybrid of a thementing all his in the successors God, as were Spirit: of been of the water born and in tasflower or the the corn waswhen of the presidency of Jesus Church

sel stage, he tied paper sacks around And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This Christ of Latterday Saints, down to the tassels so he could govern the polis my beloved Son, in whom I am well the present, including the present Presilinating of it. pleased. (Ibid,, 3:17.) dent of the Church, George Albert

life. in neighcan't that I Your do this You in Smith. also that know work is the the approval Fawhich That their pollen, scattering there arebors is of the are engaged which work we his to Similar approval Son. gave

it influence, areas or so were, and it that will forever. endure and God, you theris the the of through received power living are them. with you As the quote I here the Savior: of words—you Ghost, every person worthy Holy by help you.help they them

is the baptized Jesus, as was by who all that labour me, unto ye and are Come... give to the world the best you have, same authority of priesthood, and who heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

: for thus it becometh tired. us to he started at early was very HeSATURDAY EVENING fulfilfer it toall berighteousness.so now 3:1315.) (Matt. candlelight, as called they it in those

my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I which could not be fulfilled without days, and he spoke until after midam meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall baptism. night. Brother Woodruff sat through

find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is Baptism is for the forgiveness of sins

easy, and my burden is light. (Matt. 11: which have been repented of.

2830.) Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and

HPhe burden of sin and remorse is beof baptizedJesus Christeveryforonetheof remissionyou in theof namesins, something to be dreaded and to be and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy avoided. The Savior has provided, Ghost. (Acts 2:38.)

however, a means by which the sins of Therefore leaving the principles of the deepest dye may be forgiven, and that, doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perby repentance and obedience unto the fection; not laying again the foundation of

laws and ordinances of the gospel, made repentance from dead works, and of faith effective through the atonement of our toward God, the doctrine of baptisms, laying Of and of Savior, Christ.Lord Jesus and

of hands, on of resurrection of the and third article faith reads: of our The dead, of eternal judgment. and

if God permit. (Heb. We believe that through the Atonement 6:1-3.)And this will we do,

all Christ,of mankind may be saved, by this, all giving beside diligence, And add the toobedience laws and ordinances faith virtue; of to to virtue your and knowlthe Gospel.

edge; temperance; to knowledge to And and

In this way we rid ourselves of our temperance patience; and to patience godto godliness brotherly kindness; Andsins and prepare ourselves for salvaliness;

brotherly to if and kindness charity. Fortion. S. DILWORTH YOUNG these things in be you, abound, they and

Baptism is a natural sequence to faith make you that ye shall neither be barren nor and repentance. It is the door into the unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord the long sermon, thrilled and inspired.

kingdom. Jesus Christ. (II Peter 1:5-8.) He said, in about these words:

is life eternal. I was so thrilled that all the gold in the... Except a man be born of water and to know whom

of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingWe believe in being honest, true, chaste, world could not have kept me from going dom of God. (John 3:5.) benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good to with that company.

all... indeed, folmen; that that entereth the may into not we we by door He

I thought to myself like to I would low of the admonition believethe sheepfold, climbeth but other up some Paul—Wesay

all things, all too. been thrilled is things, the enhave we hope (Ibid., robber. haveway, that way a thief same a we and

10:1.) dured many things, and hope to be able to And I read again where a man by the

all If things. is endure there anything of virtuname Lorenzo going to was Snow Baptism is also for the fulfilment of lovely, ous, of or report praisegood or in Oberlin College to Ohio. He wrote worthy, after things.the law. seek these (Articles we his sister said and of Faith XIII.)

Galilee cometh from to Jesus Then Jordan If is there nothing better than is to be the help us Lord to be orthodox May tounto baptized of be John, him. in here Oberlin College, to goodbye in thinking, in our our teaching, and saying, him, But forbad John I have need in foundall religions.

living, our in the be likeand image and thee,to of baptized be to and comest thou me? ness of God in all things, in the name He told her that there was nothing at

And Jesus answering said unto him, Sufof Jesus Christ. Amen. all for him there, but later, when he

heard the elders speak, and recognized

SATURDAY EVENING intion,theirhe testimonywas thrilled,the andwordshe couldof salvanot join the rapidly Church enough. blank, I wish you be like would Earl

I looked at the As a boy Glade, said that he never who goes upJ. S. DILWORTH to a man he has met without greeting Wilford Woodruff and LorenzopicturesSnow,of

him thus: "I know you. I met you at graybearded men in their last years,

this place."So with me. If you will and I thought to myself: "That would YOUNG say: "I know you. This is where I saw be easy for them. They knew the gospel

is true. It would be really easy for them then I think I can remember betOf the First Council of the Seventy you,"

I to accept later learned it."When ter.

that Wilford only Woodruff twenwas like this I should articevening to be delivered at the Address Saturday tysix years of the age experience when ulate for I the of inarticulate; some the session evening 116th of P. with Parley Pratt him, to happened like should for to speak the boys of annual general conference, and that Lorenzo only twenwas Snow twenty, twentyone, twentytwo, and in the April 6, 1946, I tytwo, then could to see begin some I twentythree. like should to speak to Tabernacle for the hope young men. if also, if them I may, the and will Lord

their decisions Those made men when give wisdom, because me they need this vast I look over tts of number as they as are. were young you boys speaking to as well as for. speaking Saints, Latterday I begin unto L\ not did wait a testimony They have and

J-* years derstand many ago I read to have and A good some comsome to gradually. come them had been They

prehension of why it is that I do not things with a great uplift of spirit. investigating the words of Christ in the

know people when I go up the street I read in a book where a man by the Bible for some years, as very young during a conference. I have met so name of Wilford Woodruff said that men, and when the time came for them

many of you during the past year, and he was in a meeting once in which Parto hear it, they were willing to accept have been so kindly entertained that I ley P. Pratt was present. Brother Pratt it. They prayed earnestly for a testihave made some effort, some struggle, said that he had ridden for a long dismony, for the Holy Ghost, and it came

to know you when I see you. It is almost tance to reach the meeting place. His to them. To Lorenzo Snow it came

a hopeless task. May I say thanks for subject was: "Will you join us in Zion's with such a rush and power that for

your many kindnesses and express a Camp and go and rescue the Saints in several nights he said he could hear the hope that you will understand when I Missouri?"When he asked for the whisperings and the rustlings, and he

meet you on the street if I do not reprivilege of speaking, he stated that he seemed bathed in fire. His mind was

member your name. If I look a little would speak for only a few minutes, as (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 327 S. DILWORTH YOUNG prophetsmay also beof honoredthe LivingjustGod.as muchYouif menyou GENERAL CONFERENCE

of the the prophets of God. words obey scriptheuplifted, he understood and is believing, the boy, who, "Dlessed see, cannot prophet a very do You before.tures never as he had call of into the at the out goes world to without prophesying someone much I I like that, to young say you and the seeks the out honest prophet and his direct words, he he can and whom experience the same have can youmen is in earth. of the hardly a There man unless for help ask has he cannot any

it. isif All to have you do you want this grandor parents but whose room it. to are of ask someone You whom it becauseto badly enough you want I result of the are such parents work. theword hear must who theyHtVyou it; either withcan't around "seesaw"the to to plea should young make hk it. forth and go obey and then f. If isit it so. is not up so or make you I the at ubacking men, heard up what5*

your minds it is so and ask the Lord last conference. President Smith made

to give you a testimony, if you ask in T17e mention Brigham Young a good a bianket plea that the young men of sincerity and truth, you will receive that deal of the time, and we mention tne Church respond to missionary calls.

testimony. Those men obeyed the Heber C. Kimball, two men who were A large number of those young menprophet of God. You may obey the as close to each other as brothers. We have been taught in the past by their

presentday prophet of God, and you often speak of Parley P. Pratt, Orson parents and by their ward authorities

may get the same thrill and happiness Pratt, David W. Patten, the first great that calls do not usually come by

out of doing it. He needs courage to go martyr, and others as examples of blanket request. I mean by that, that

on, the same as you do, and the men who great men. But there are those among they believe that they ought to remain

have been sustained by this conference you who are also great. quietly at home and wait for the inprophets,as the spiration of to inspire the Lord Pulsiof Zera

teen to call upon come over and not; of bishops some in number—needseers, and revelators—sixit also. They pher?HaveManyyou everof youheardhave

have their discouraging moments, but you may have. As I read in the History *em, If I understand it correctly, I

the thing that gives them courage to go of the Church, I learn about many of think that President Smith wants every on is your faithfulness. the great ones who have risen and young man to feel that he can go to his

\\ 7e all have respect for the aged. We whosebut if onebiographiesreads in thehavebooksbeencarefully,written, bishop,willing toandgo."volunteer,I believe saying:that is the"Iwayam"young men know that they have he will see that a large proportion first to interpret it. In case any young man

been tried and not found wanting. They heard the gospel through Zera Pulsidoes not feel that way and thinks he

will stand and support the tabernacle pher, and, as likely as not, he was the ought to wait until the bishop comes, I it supporting. shall need as longas think to the bishop to every ought go is them. His baptized name one who

past lesson I in the learned one have in the righteous young dean living, man histories in the as repeatedly mentioned to I to pass it onyear, and am going is matter war, from no ward home who the gospreaching was out who a man

President as It to me, seemed hasyou. talk long has he and been home, how anything pel. about know Do you

this Church, about it,Smith moves counseling him about with him and It job to his does. not that him? was Nobody

their arms with staunchthere stand men folks. his Church; of the the president to become

outstretched, holding the ropes of the it was not his prerogative to preside Every worthy young man in this tabernacle tight, so the winds cannot over any of the great councils of the Church has a right to be called upon a blow it away. All their lives they have Church, but as a young man, about mission, every one. I think it is not the

that they support worksshown by their presiding right of has a any who man the age, hearing of years twentytwo

I have the Church. and Presidentthe in to neglect place or stake any ward Prophet's voice, and went obeyed he

seen such a man, and I should like to out spreading the glad tidings to the any boy for the reasons that we usually point him out. I am going to be personchildren of men. Because he believed give and have given during this year.

al, the person I hope about whom and will forgive to speak goingI am me if Lordit, becauseblessedhehim,wasandsincerehe wasin theit, theinwhereI have heardI havemanybeen,say,"Well,in manyourplacesboys

I embarrass him. strument by which many great ones have been away for a long time; they

I Brother Mark Austin have watched to for while. ought a little Give be home came into the Church.

work. in the welfare about He isgo rest. a months have them Let them a few

past eighty. For years and years he has You have heard it said in this conat home before they are called out

been a bulwark to the brethren who ference, and you will hear it, I suppose, again."I say to you there won't be

preside over this Church. No matter a number of times that blessed is he, many boys left at home, no matter

what they told him to do, he did it. As and how happy will be he who makes whether you call them or not. They

I, a young man, have watched him, I one convert in the kingdom of our Faare not going to stay home. They have

have taken fresh courage that somether. If I remember correctly, Heber C. left home forever. They will come back

how I might measure up as faithfully Kimball and his companions converted and visit at home, it is true, but they are as he has done and is doing. He does about three thousand, the very first going to school, or they are going to

not let age interfere when Brother months they were in Preston, England. marry, or they are going to do any

Romney assigns him to go on a mission But do you know the names of the five number of things. But they are not goover a week end to a conference. He is young men who took the gospel to ing to stay home. So that is no reason.

right there, no matter how far away it Brigham Young, and to Heber C. Kim If a boy is able to go on a mission, he

is, no matter how much discomfort he ball? One was named Eliot Strong. ought to be given a chance. Let him

suffers. He is a true gentleman. He Another one was named Eleazer Miller. turn it down if he wants to, but don't

never interferes; he never gets in anyThe other three were Alpheus Gifford, make his decision for him. Make cerbody's way; but he goes about quietly Enos Curtis, and Daniel Bowen. How tain that he does not want to go before

doing what he is assigned to do, for the much joy they will have in the kingdom you cease to call upon him.

glory of God and for the honor of the of their Father with the great prophets Do you think there is no need? Do

priesthood of the Church, in the name of the Lord and the three thousand conyou think we can't use them? In the

of the prophet of God. verts from Preston, and the many thoumission of which I was a member twenWe young men, and those of you sands more from England that these tyfive years ago, a year after World

who are twenty, twentyone, and twenconverts made in their turn. Such is the War I, there were two hundred misty-two, can learn to copy that kind of lot of every young man who faces me sionaries. That many had gone out to

example. It does not come easy; it this evening, and every young man in the mission field. In that same mission

takes about sixty years to get there, the Church if he chooses to obey the today, there are fewer than forty, one but once arrived, you have a serenity call. He may have like pleasure in goyear after the end of this war. Many

of conscience and a happiness which ing forth, and if he never does become boys are responding, it is true, and some cannot be equaled on earth. great in the Church as an organizer, he of our facilities are taxed right now to

These sixteen men that we sustain can become great in the Church by the take care of them, but they are not are honored. They are sustained as the people he converts to the gospel. responding fast enough, and they are not

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY EVENING I have talked to any number of young referred to by President S. Dilworth

men lately who want to accept the call. Young, were great in character and in

being asked fast enough. A great many Wilford Woodruff wanted to accept. good works. They were great in their

of the boys are getting away without He wanted to join Zion's Camp; he foresight and in their achievement.

being invited to go on missions. They was warned that he might die, that he They were great in their perseverance

have it in their minds and hearts to go would probably lose his life. He said: and mighty in their faith. "Mormonto school, and they should go to school. "I don't care. I want to go anyhow."ism,'socalled, was not the outgrowth

They can go to school, but I do believe Lorenzo Snow wanted to go on a of fraud and deception. The Latterthere is not any school on earth but mission. The moment he was baptized day Saints have not been led astray

can wait two years while the Lord's and confirmed and had the Aaronic by a wicked pretender or an unscrupuword is sent over the earth. I don't Priesthood conferred upon him, he lous impostor. We think of these

know of any finer school for any boy packed his grip and went on foot to the things whenever the name and charthan to go into the world seeking out missionaries, you've got to want to go, acter of Joseph Smith are being assailed.

It said Potter Charles Francis was who his the humble, defending Church, friends, get enough if we My young learning along to get with people, how the of are Jesus, to accept dictum If we got you've to go, to want teaching the things the of of missionaries kingdom fruits their them,"ye shall "By know we

God to his heart and in other people's too. Not halfheartedly, no, not with must rate Mormonism high.

hearts. He will come back a stronger the feeling that: "I'll go if I'm called;

and a finer man. He can go on to his perhaps I'll enjoy it, perhaps I won't,"T) eference has been made to the pioschool then and get a great deal more but rather, "In the name of the Living A neers. How can we account for the

out of it, knowing that he has done the God I'll take his word and with his constructive faith of the sturdy, dauntwill of the Lord and has acted as his power on my shoulders I'll go to the less, courageous pioneers of Utah and servant on the earth at the request of whole earth, wherever I am sent, and neighboring states and for the unconthe prophet of God. bear witness to the world that the gosquerable spirit which possessed them?

That is the lot of any young man who pel has been restored and that Joseph What motives, what urges actuated wants to do it. I don't care who he is. Smith was a prophet, and that Presithem as they left their homes in the

But I will give to you young men over dent George Albert Smith is a prophEast and moved westward over the this Church one sentence: You've got et, and that this Church is the true trackless waste? These men and womto want to do it. I repeat: You've got kingdom of God."If you do that, you en in the solitudes of the desert had

to want to do it. The Lord can put it will never regret it as long as you live, time to think and pray and to ponder

into the hearts of the Presidency of the and the Church will grow by leaps and and weigh carefully their responsibiliChurch and of the Quorum of the bounds. Before you know it, it will fill ties. What power sustained them in

Twelve to call you on missions if you the whole earth. God grant that may their hardships and in their difficulties?

will accept it, but you've got to want happen soon. I ask it in Christ's name. What prompted each one of them to

to accept it. Amen. cast his lot with a persecuted and driven

people? Was it not his faith in God

and his conviction that a new dispensation of the gospel had been committed to man through the divine calling of ALMA SONNE

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Josephfairly andSmith?intelligentlyHistory willwithonethesedayquesdeal

tions. The unprejudiced student, the

Address delivered at the Saturday was deeply stirred a few minutes later searcher after truth, will see in Morevening session of the 116th when Elder Widtsoe reminded us that monism the counterpart of primitive annual general conference, just one hundred years ago the LatterChristianity. His investigations will

April 6, 1946, in the day Saints were leaving the beautiful discover in it the same spirit, the same

Tabernacle city of Nauvoo. They were then scatenergies and fortitudes, the same type

tered along the fringe of the great desert of leadership and the same farreaching that extended westward to the slopes objectives. He will see in Joseph Smith

of California. By what combination the characteristics of a true prophet of

of circumstances could these men and God like the prophets whose names and women hope to survive? It required a deeds glorify the pages of Biblical hisgreat faith and certainly a great courage tory. He will find that Joseph Smith is

to undertake the great task that lay not easily dislodged from his position ahead. as a prophet of God. The Prophet's

During that century of time, the claims will never be nullified by the

Church has asserted itself and carried declarations of traitors and blasphemforward the truth brought to earth by ers.

Joseph Smith the Prophet. Since that I read from the Doctrine and Coveday the foundation of a great internants:

mountain empire has been laid. Cities,

towns, churches, temples, public buildThe ends of the earth shall inquire after shall in derifools thee name, and have ings built. have been Deserts have been sion,thy hell shall against thee; and rage

colleges, schools, subdued; seminaries in heart, the wise, pure and the While and

have been established. Missions have the noble, and the virtuous, shall seek counbeen opened in foreign lands and on the sel, and authority, and blessings constantly

islands of the sea. Branches, wards, from under thy hand.

stakes have been organized, and misAnd thy people shall never be turned sionary work at home and abroad has against thee by the testimony of traitors. (D.

ALMA SONNE gone forward. The gospel has been ex- & C. 122:1-3.)

plained, and the name of Joseph Smith Those words were reassuring to the brethren, no one can rise on an the Prophet as a restorer of divine truth Prophet when they were given. They

like feeling occasion this without has heralded the to all been world. is to are reassuring no us today. ThereMi emotion. a thrill of imSurely beginning has a good I was been for outto account Smith Joseph made way

pressed yesterday when President in the "marvelous work and wonder"side of his own explanation. Someone

Clark read the financial and statistical spoken of by ancient prophets, and has said: "Truth is harmonious."It is

report of the Church. It was a calm surely the leaders of the past have consistent with itself today and alrecital of figures, but those figures made their names secure on the pages ways. Jesus said:

told a story of growth and progress. I of history. These leaders, all of them, (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 329

light to a kindly lead them GENERAL CONFERENCE ALMA SONNE doubters to goal a higher forward and upward life. satisfying and a more His testifirst builder bridged Niagara's The.. who of thorns, grapes men gather. Do the to stands. world or mony God gorge,figs thistles? of tree so every good Even his his bless memory. words and Maystill his cable, Before shore to shore, he swung fruit;bringeth forth corrupt good a but

bless teachings the to be preserved kite his across gulf venturing Sent the out fruit.tree evil forth bringeth tree A good

in forever, I slender for the Bearing pray unseen human family a cord hands fruit, evil bring forthcannot neither a can corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. Every name of Jesus Christ. Amen. To grasp upon the further cliff and draw

tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is A greater cord, and then a greater yet;

hewn down, and cast into the fire. (Matt. Till at last across the chasm swung

7:1619.) DAVID O. McKAY The cable—then the mighty bridge in air!

(Concluded page 271) from little timid send our thought So we may degraded not and do men Wicked void, the to Across out reaching God's light ourselves are placingbring covenant. their under joy to and and hope hands—

fellow men. A mind darkened by evil It will be ideal if, during the fifteen Send out our love and faith to thread the

could not attract Godfearing men and minutes, every man, woman, and child deep women of faith, integrity, and intelliwill think as best as he or she can of the Thought after thought until the little cord gence whose lives have reflected good significance of that sacred ordinance. Has greatened to a chain no chance can

break, achievements. and worthywork Would

we are anchored to the infinite! falseHpHERE is one other point which might Anda church founded on fraud and

hood go forth with eagerness and deterbe associated with the passing of God help us, brethren, so to live that mination to uplift humanity? Would the sacrament. It is a beautiful, imwe may sense the reality, as I bear you

pressive thing to have adminour boys asuch evil church array itself against it tonight is real, testimony that my we all are the servants; it theyin are ister it. They of its manifestations? Would in Father can with our heavcommune

teach faith in God and repentance of waiting upon us and waiting upon the en, and if we so live to be worthy of sin as preliminaries to church memberLord; and have come there because they the companionship of the Holy Spirit,

ship? Would it adopt doctrines and are worthy to officiate if the bishop has he will guide us into all truth; he will

ordinances and standards established spoken to them properly. show us things to come; he will bring

Christ Jesusby and his things will to our remembrance; he clean, that bear the vessels of allfor purpose? what testify divinity of the Jesus of the Lord Weapostles?are told Ifthatso, the...Lord.be ye(Isaiah 52:11.)

evil begets evil, and good begets good. Christ, as I do tonight, and of the resIf every boy could sense this, quietly toration of the gospel, in the name of

"Cinally, let it be remembered that and with dignity he would pass the sacthe Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

us. it to rament they pass Sometimes Smith, Smith and Joseph Hyrum

if the first to organist, as no momentbrothers in the cause and companions lost should starts be before she J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. to dislives theirof truth, as gave a testimony

tract attention. starts our music The (Continued from page 269) their sincerity.of they, only but Not

at it once. matter good how No may leftothers testimony, a similar sealed If there you, unto any bring come and be, if tones the the of organ, we certified, this doctrine, are not therefore into receiveand binding not and him your

respectful to the organist, divert our house, neither bid speed: him God the lived, world.upon he While Joseph

attention from the that just prayer has is that biddeth For parhe him speed God his baffled his fellowSmith by men offered. evil his been of taker (II deeds. 7-11.) Johnteachings, so profoundly which were

that should Rather carry young mancreative. keenest perminds The were to the Paul wrote Corinthians When the officer, sacrament to the presidingplexed his and puzzled before demonEpistle, his First he these used words to office, him, honor the as but you instration of leadership. power and But not

our honored tonight. President That I isthe fury against of so to determined thing him not For proof many any know

officer presiding be the bishop of may Christ, you, save among is Jesus him and that not in todayeven he the dead if let the so, the ward;. car-. young. man crucified. is wellfortifiedhearts of men; he and

first the ry sacrament to bishop. the speech preaching and And was my mywill continue to stand out boldly and

it that, not enticing with of After words to wisdom, man's pass after the other one inclearly religious will the world. He in Spirit but demonstration the of of and sit either left the the right or on who bigger bigger theloom and on human power: officer, of the presiding not going backhorizon the as go. years and come The faith in your should stand not That the first to the and counselors second and hiscorrectness the of views soundin and of but the men, wisdom of God. power to then the superintendent. lesson The (I 2:2, Corinthians his 4-5.) principles ofness will doctrines and

is is taught the sacrament when passed fully vindicated completely.be and He to going the eleventh verse, on Then to officer. presiding the next SunThe orcannot explained be removed away I briefly to this referred which morning president day, the the of stake be may vilification. slander or presentedby He

is there, then the highest ecclesiaswho of For the things what a knoweth man fora plan the exaltation provides which tical authority. spirit is the save in of see man, him? which the you what man Do individual, the theof perpetuity the and things the so of even responsibility knoweth man, God no the of deacons the and family, of the the safetycoherence and the Spirit but of God. is? is priests lesson a in There governsecurity nation. theand of put He received, spirit of not have the we Now It is taught every ment their day. dutydivine the approval establishment upon is spirit the the world, but which of God; is to the officer presiding in know who that republic theof things our that are might proclaimed and freedom we know that meeting that day. Next Sunday freely of to us given God. essential rights factors in equal asand

there one the of be General may Authings in also speak, the Which not we progressman's advancement. and He thorities. Those will young teacheth, have man's words but men which wisdom thatdeclared of a land America was

in the teacheth; which the question, is Ghost comparing Holy mind he today, "Who inpromise, held the reserve Alby spiritual spiritual. things with is the and presiding authority?"who fulfilment for the themighty acand the receiveth natural the not But man I tonight to lesson the leave wish But ofcomplishments purposes. God's Spirit of the things for are of No they God:

is: that us sacrament hour Let make note higher foolishness neither aone has him: of unto sounded he can know

patriotism than did Joseph Smith. In one of the most impressive means of them, because they are spiritually discerned.

his veins flowed the blood of the Revcoming in contact with God's spirit. But he that is spiritual judgeth all things,

olutionary Fathers, and to him the ConLet the Holy Ghost, to which we are yet he himself is judged of no man.

the of the For hath mind his into presence, known lead us who andstitution was an inspired instrument of entitled, instruct that Lord, him? he But may we nearness, that sense have and may wegovernment. (I 2: the of Christ. Corinthians have mind in offered hearts our a prayer he which

Joseph Smith gave to the world a will hear. 1116.)

foundation for intelligent faith, and he My thought is partially expressed by Those scriptures are clear; they need,

has also given to honest, sincere Edwin Markham in the following lines from me, no explanation.

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY EVENING indeed, it gives the lie practically to have thought and taught that glory our very existence. might come to those who live righteously and died with a testimony, some of

occasions, and on otherT have said mistaken martyrs, and as were all * are being that there repeat now, in believed I "4. Jesusleader—butChrist notwasdivine."a revolutionary themall that they was a myth.

us, unfortunately, doctaught amongst the teachings destroys concept a Such the divinity denies course, This, of destructive, nottrines utterly are which of gospel. words of restored the The falls It within obthe squarely Jesus. of of Christ, but even the ofonly Jesus of the Prophet the Paul words and Jo- I declared, as of servation John who our himself, be on must and weGod inspired are the divinely and seph were read: already have children neither our that norwatch we truth. eternal

be influenced, debauched, or polluted For many deceivers are entered into the Here is another mean thrust:

by such doctrines. world, who confess not that Jesus Christ is

Recently a man of education (he come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an "8. Temple work may occupy old

holds a high scholastic degree), a antichrist. (II John 7.) people in pleasant pastime but is

the Church, ofworthy member see did not Smith sent to "5. Joseph God nor absurdtives."and foolish in its objecof the teachings of someme a statement supernaexperience really any

that are mooted somewhat now the tural wrote phenomena. He antichrists only not these would Thus Saints of Latterday our someamongst divine without Mormon Book the living discard of dead, the but abandon

I I trust. to going only, few am—a revelaalso gave assistance. ones; nothing He their loved ancestors and

this to statementread and make you suit the his to purpose tions and salvation indeed saved, would be would I as points the comment uponsome assistdivine situation without instinct reality. for a be Every one no points. ten areproceed. some There ance."really rajustice every mercy, of and as earnestly as to to say I wish you

his being of tional concept and man

I will that, see as haveI may, when you the honestly read Book can man No as such against cries concept any out if shall attain credence theyread them, this that then say boy and of Mormon is rethe of part this. work Temple us, particularly our amongstamongst it himself, the most and Prophet wrote gospel. stored will our destroy people, theyyoung failed reveal to persistent has search

faith. that he stole the book. There is too "9. The belief that man might beThe first of these statements reads much in the book to have been written come as God is equally foolish."

critics his hostile brand a boy by whom "1. anthropomorphic is not an course, of doctrine wipe would, This it said be should an ignoramus. as And Godbeing,"—eternal progrestruth great of the out for consulthere, opportunity no he had

off It cut sion. from thus would man sources, littleknown either the is, ing hands, or eyes,that not have does he hereof advancement the even hope in critics disinterred hostile feet, have ears, which oror or a voice—

it of the concept violates after; every the him, widetrying to or destroy more

"and not a personal God, nor a lyknown sources of which he probably future brought to us by the restored

Living God."had no knowledge whatever because gospel.

I remember when Dr. Talmage used they were inaccessible to him. No man "10. Practically every theological idea

his in mind, his of could had have age dissimilar from not somethingto say Smith can be Joseph advanced by studied, he matter had much no how I actual shall say, he but religion an made in orwhat ancient some found the in allusions contained the merely I I recollect, onlyquote, can as which beliefs contemcurrent in some scripthe holy to of Book Mormon It years. these after hissummarize time."many with porary

his all that that of tures, have and we this about way:went

writor speaking when from him came that is truth in the conception door, the of There out back "Thrust God suggesgives not even a normally, gospel restored the does front at contain among in the as ing door he comesand the First Great Cause. Thrust the First tion of his power to compose or to utter its truths beliefs held by ancient reliGreat Cause out of the back door, and those great gems of majestic literature gions and by modern ones. However,

God enters the front door as a Great which are so plentifully found in the the Prophet Joseph never had the opForce. Push him out as a Great Force, Book of Mormon and the Doctrine and portunity, never had the books, never

and he comes back in as a Great IntelCovenants. had the time to search out from these

all truths the various these from sourcesligence.""6. in is value Mormonism The of all of the Christianity the and at think can its paganism sane man who No oriits Its in system. practice and

It for possible past. existence of not in the his heart humanly was denycan beone's to basic not gin need be his the at with and the Bible, of to age so the the of do and himGod, God in lief or acceptance Mormonof facilities his at revelaBut command. of Testament, meager and modernNew its value."ism for

it these to that tion. be came how know we

The next point Many of us have heard this heresy partial truths were found in pagan the eras: of preChristian teachings of before. shallower view MorNo the Universe is a creature of "2. Man the time earth gospel the from on was is exthus than be taken can monism ideas intelligence and draws and there and, then on down, from of Adam, of our peopressed. achievements The the (inventions) Universe from in the there world, here and appeared the the Church, of growth ple, the it."in with being harmony by that, recollecthis people and among misery, hardship, of people's endurance

This statement is not only indefinite, penury, persecution, and even martyrtions of the doctrines and principles of but meaningless. It does, however, seem dom itself, would have been wholly imthe gospel as they were taught to Adam.

to postulate a Universe Intelligence, possible without the spirituality which Some of the truths of the gospel have and thus we are back to our great conlay behind and vitalized their whole always been on the earth.

cept of God. lives. This people of ours had the Spirit

direct them. this from of false to of Take away brood whole "Drethren, God "3. is thing such as no There Spirit, divinity that the take us away is insidious approach an propaganda experience natural among lies there gospel, the behind men—superwhich and gospel the to plan destroy attempt and

in revelahistory. at time any No left. is not been nothing our work Had the to must Church. overturn and We tion directly God."from fathered, not divinely have would it. we fight for the lookout must on be We

This denies all scripture. It denies all outlived our first ten years of life. against it wherever we find it. Hunt out

it, to seek preach them win It who manifestations to divine denies man. "7. threedegrees-ofglory story those The truth, of to the seek to a knowledge his his his goodness and and mercy is a myth."

really into the bring beChurch, them lie It love. to the gives the commonest

experience of man, recognized from the That is, Paul was mistaken, the cause as they now stand and as they savage to the most highly civilized man; Prophet Joseph was mistaken, all who (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 331 J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. blind the human family. He will try to GENERAL CONFERENCE

lead them into byand forbidden paths;

is that his if business. However, we teach and believe they place have no in their retain means men would who will live the teachings of of Jesus Nazaour among pretending membership; in treasures laying to preference up if reth, will the observe advice and we membership are they than worse in their will their heaven, wealth decay the counsel of if of prophets God, we in wolves sheep's clothing; are, they as their gain to opportunity hands, and will carry out the that the program it were, trying Satan to as appear an life in celestial eternal the kingdom given has to the Lord with Church light. angel of

will by. pass them all identified, are will which lead we we

Let us care for our youth. Let us not the world in knowledge and intelligence This is the Lord's work. It is his

in parties be to the any paganism, way in all and It is power, because his preparing have Church. of us may we way

is the atheism that in the abroad world that the has, celestial inspiration in the world plus for eternal the happiness is that in and expressed these statements of the Almighty. surely of kingdom, not those and any that read, I have for will they destroy result gospel the the of seen have who I it that will not long be very know civilization if our shall they to come in will of quesChrist the world Jesus finished, before will in the work be belief my the be the of people to diand its its divinity. tion tree the Judge by I natural course of events. have had rect their lives.

fruits, will find tree other and no you experiences in traveled many have and in that the with world compares whole give us the the God and power the world mingled with and many wonis the Christ. gospel of no Jesus There strength I evils, these to combat humbly I derful and men and women, would

all in other to plan the that leads world pray, in the of Jesus. name Amen. I like I that learned to say a when was

celestial the of our kingdom Heavenly this that of the boy the Lord. was work

that, will Father; surely knowing we that I learned livthere prophets were

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH ing upon the earth. I learned that the not be misled by the philosophies and

sophistries to the of pretend men who inspiration of inthe Almighty would not they do that which know. know

it, fluence those lived to enjoy so {Concluded from page 267) who are not or dependent one upon we two the earth that live died and might we I let grateful conclusion, say, Tn me am half or individuals. a dozen are There again, that he resurthe brought about I here. to for to be thank want you this thousands of of members Church rection has and to children the appeared to kindness the of your me, one weakis not question im- a of who I know—it of since time. that men marvel how I all est sons. of Father's our know at agination that know God of all—they our their faith losesome people can I limitations. don't here stand my lives is that the Christ Jesus and and off sidetrackand go the on a when I that the with idea than an more am is that are the children God. we He evidences as are great as to as are they I individual, ordinary thank but you spirits. the of Father our not have ofWethe truth of the gospel. faith for for prayers your and your life, from come form of lower but some

Among the strongest evidences of the God is the Father of our spirits, and we me and for my associates and the brethdivinity of the work in which we are belong to the royal family, because he ren who lead this Church. I thank you

engaged, and of the mission of the is our Father. for the manner in which you stand for

Prophet Joseph Smith are the facts that that which is righteous and put aside the Church exists today, more power- \\7& talk about the philosophies of that which is not righteous. I hope that

ful than it ever was, and that the premen and hold them up sometimes in the near future when another oppordictions that were made by Joseph as a pretty picture, but when they contunity will be given to the people of this

Smith as a Prophet have been fulfilled flict with the teachings of our Heavenstate to manifest their desire to oband are still in course of fulfilment. ly Father as contained in Holy Writ, serve the Word of Wisdom and keep

There are no people in the world anythey are valueless. They will never the commandments of God, that this

where, who enjoy the blessings that we lead anybody into eternal happiness, group of men here will not be afraid enjoy, physically and spiritually. The nor help him to find a place in the to stand for what our Heavenly Father to do, has us advisedmajority regardless of of people do not God; know of our Father. kingdom Heavenly We the habits what the ofthey the of understand do not world purpose may be. cannot retain that unless testimony we

life. They have been sidetracked by keep the commandments of God. A I would like to say that the loss of

the of philosophiessome whose men of truth will knowledge not faith remain in this in is cases, Church, many taken the truth. of place thehave That unless live as us with our traceable Heavenly directly we violation to the of a

is is the that in the reason the world live. desires Father advises us to and failure to day, Sabbath the observe

it is.condition that of the of advice our Wisdom, Word people of hear sometimes speak We

failure Father, Heavenly to attend to the aristocracies of the world, the royal here. grateful into to look beT am To prayers our to for thank and the him I families the of world. say, to want is faces the to testimony of your a me blessings enjoy, refusal to of give we the true in only aristocracy the world thisdivinity of work. you where Go substance our to those less are who is the aristocracy of righteousness, andwill, will find other asgroup you no fortunate ourselves. than All these families only the persist that will aresembled, faith in of each has whom that are uplift intended to us, those the keep of things who commandments if all of to and askGod; were you we if the observe teachings of we our our Father. Heavenly testimony, not be- a have a manyhow Father, pitfall Heavenly a for become

lief because somebody else has said so, So tonight, let me say, brethren, our us if we fail to keep his commandments.

but how many of you have an assurmissionary field is before us. Our Falive; Jesus is the Christ;ance that this is God's work, that Jesus ther's sons and daughters need us. We God does

is the Christ, that we are living eternal are grateful for the responses being Joseph Smith is a prophet of the Livlives, that Joseph Smith is a Prophet of made to the call that has gone out for ing God; and the authority of the priestthe Living God, you would answer that missionaries. Some are anxious to go, hood is with this Church today and will

you have this testimony that buoys you but because they are not physically able continue to administer to those who are up and strengthens you and gives you or other conditions are unfavorable willing to be ministered unto under the satisfaction as you go forward in the we cannot accept their offer. There are inspiration of our Heavenly Father. I

test this just belief in inworld. to of thousands Church And men my this tonight, and bear testimony you knowthat, all this ofregard to of are have you capable teaching women who who

if it ing seriousness, the true, not weretestimony, raise right the hands. gospel your and can become more who

of saying it in love I bear it, and and It you. this is evident their in capableThank doing misduty the show by by

of hands that most of you who are here sion field. They will be blessed with kindness and gratitude to God, and say

tonight, have received a testimony and means sufficient to take them to perthat I know these things are true, and I know that the truth is upon the earth. form the work that the Lord wants us bear you that witness in the name of

Of course the adversary will try to to perform. I would like to say to the Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the everlasting covenant. (Isaiah SUNDAY MORNING brokengressed24:5.) the laws, changed the ordinance,

to Saints of Latterday Jesus Christ the Holy Priesthood from withdraw I to world, to all the the gospel MILTON R. preachSince it is the duty of the Church of It became necessary, therefore, for God Church. Christian the

the great, which Reformation, Protestant and important theme of 'T'he HUNTER desireon this morning to say a few words work. missionary of establishment in the *- resulted

the Seventy the First Council of Of denominations Christian numerous (** his holy us through has informed od fifty and hundred two approximately *-* imof the most that one prophets today in the at America delivered Sunday Address of them existing to given members assignments session morning of the 116th portant is Christ of Jesus of the Church conference, annual general that of bearsfact thatunimpeachablea great apostasyevidencedid occurto theas

April 7, 1946, in the preaching the gospel. In fact, Joseph the Master and the prophets of old had

Tabernacle Smith declared that predicted it would. Martin Luther,

.. the greatest and most important duty John Calvin, the Wesley brothers, and

is to preach the gospel. {Teachings of the the other protestors against the erroneProphet Joseph Smith, p. 113.) ous doctrines which had corrupted

resdivine claim not did Catholicism outstandthe history most Throughout of nor Priesthood the of Holy toration as lived, such Adam, have ing who men the of ordinances principles and the Paul, Alma, Enoch, and—greatgospel. missionChrist, were est of had however, Revelator, the John of that each in that all—JesusItNephi, aries. work was time of stream the through looked down altering in greatly so contributed them restoration divine that a beheld had and told are world. the history of the We place. take He would heavens the from glory of the God the and that work as in vision seen had he what declared Begothis Only Father and Eternal the follows

is ten Son midst fly the in angel I another saw And the immortality to pass bring... to to gospel everlasting the having heaven, and of of Great Price, (Pearl life of man. eternal earth, the dwell that on them unto preach

Moses 1:39.) and to every nation, and kindred, and

loud a with Saying people, and tongue, It work. missionary that is Certainly him; to glory give and God, Fear voice, to therefore, have the is not surprising, is and come: judgment his of hour for the the preach that to us inform earth, prophets heaven, and that made him worship

gospel is our most important duty. and the sea, and the fountains of waters.

The final injunction that the Son of (Rev. 14:6-7.)

R. MILTON HUNTER his before apostles his to gave God fulfilled Sepon prediction was This ascension was Angel the 1823, when 22, 21 and

it is sisters, brethren and the tember dear. preach.. all and world, the into ye Go Joseph the Prophet to appeared Moroni believeth into that look to inspiration creature. an indeed to every He gospel record sacred a of told him and Smith that he saved; but shall is be baptized this audience vast faces and of the boy's the far from hill not in a buriedMy 16: (Mark damned. shall be believeth not assemSaints haveof Latterday who consaid, angel the record, This home. 1516.) I humbly to do God. here worshipbled underas gospel everlasting the tained

Spirit Heavenly of that our thepray that inunderstood fully ancient Savior the the Yet practiced by and stood

I in say will what with beFather me before last time In the not Nephites. be the that would America, of habitants

interest I for an alsothis ask morning. it angel become that would the coming his second from received time Joseph due prayers.in faith and your receive to missionaries his under for acting and, necessary scripture, this holy

this I occasion, express, to on wish high and on he from commission divine God, of inspiration a and the power Father to our gratitude Heavenlymy salvaof plan the contents teach to forth its sent be published translated and

I being a of privilege memfor the have definitely pointed of world. to the tion the Book as He known in volume a of Christ of Jesus the of Churchber fulfills after had they that apostles his to in history out event Mormon. No all I the that Saints.Latterday know apostasy great forth gospel a the preached the coming did as prophecy John's re- I received do andblessings have place take plan would divine the from book. sacred that of

is that all comes thatceive, good and restoration a necessitate heavenly this to would which addition in Yet, our Heavfrom comes me,to and you gosof the and Priesthood from the angels of Holy came other manifestation,

I these appreciate Father.enly do twentythe earth Christ. (Read to of Jesus pel restore to of presence the God the for I grateful especiallythings. am unfor an blessings of chapter Matthew fourth and keys gospel particular the the life to us given by ofphilosophy the of description of Jesus'dispensatheir derstanding in held had they which immortality, its of assurancegospel with before place take Baptist, should events which the example, John tions. For

ties, family of our the perpetuationof of course the In coming.) his bestowed second John, and Peter, James, and near are all and things which theand of the instructions, Son and Man these Smith of Joseph the heads upon

Saints which Latterday as to usdear that as one his apostles to out pointed Priesthood Holy the Oliver Cowdery inspirathe through received havewe his adpreceding final events the work missionary of neither which without through revelationtion God, from and could gospel the vent of ordinances the nor

I prophets. other am and SmithJoseph finally, on officially performed. And be shall.. be. the kingdom this of gospel I servof privilege have for thegrateful to appeared Jo1836, 3, unto for Moses witness a all April world the in preached to in pray thising God and do Church the shall Temple end come. Kirtland in the then all nations; and Oliver and seph to I strength will that havein humility 24:14.) (Matt. to them gave and

this mighty great in and sharedo my during Israel that of history of gathering know the Students of the keys... I afhave and which with youcause

the earth, and the of Christianity parts four was the Ages from Middle thefiliated ourselves.

of land the tribes from the of ten leading false bepagan with adulterated many meeting, priesthood in our night Last 110:11.) (D. north. C. the & fulfilling the words practices, liefs and an gave S. Dilworth YoungPresident

excellent talk on missionary work, and of Isaiah wherein he had said: Thus every missionary that is called

President George Albert Smith conThe earth also is defiled under the inby the First Presidency of the Church firmed the fine things that were said. habitants thereof; because they have trans- (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946

MILTON R. HUNTER gram. The guns have ceased firing, and GENERAL CONFERENCE

thousands of human hearts are yearning of Jesus Christ and set apart by one righteousness.for peace, for Surelyrest, forthetruth,field isandwhite,for of them were sent to various parts of

the into goes mission authorized earthduly to carry good tidings to the is harvest; for going to the ready and God of in the actfield to in heart. speak and honest name fulfil his chance to another give us

Israel, I actions will perthe the of and touch pray humbly God that God of taking to the gospel commandment

Christ as are all that as valid Saints of if Jesusformed hearts Latterday the nation, kindred, tongue, every peoand personally. efforts missionary the fordid unite work our and means may we ple of the preparatory to the coming

the missionaries theseFurthermore, are to the gospel of preaching purpose reign on the earth for the Son of Man to entire in theonly servants entire world. must be the The gospel of God years. thousand oneworld who have been divinely appreached, and it is our responsibility.

pointed, called, chosen, and set apart "D rethren and sisters, it is our respon- I bear testimony that God lives and by the powers of heaven to preach the sibility to preach the gospel to the that Joseph Smith was the instrumentalgospel to the world. world. God has given us the priesthood ity in his hands in establishing the true

Tn due course of time after the Church andhe willthe holdtrue usgospelresponsibleof JesustoChrist,teach andthe usChurchin ouroneffortsearth toagain.proclaimMay theGodgospelbless

was organized, the Lord placed upon plan of salvation to all other peoples. of Jesus Christ to every nation, kindred,

responsibility thethe Apostles Twelve that might tongue, be and people, we children Parents, missions. send your on

to the the opening ofof gospel doors great the judgment blameless at found Instil in their in their the hearts youth all earth, nations of the the the I in and the pray, of day, name humbly desire to proclaim the the to world build toseventy commissioned were up Christ. Jesus Amen. truth. If principles eternal of love you

direction the of thethe under Church children desire to your and do good 28- (Ibid.,apostles. 107:3334; 112:14,

for things them, could you no make A. CALLIS CHARLES the In to 2122.) speaking30, Twelve, investment greater to than them send on

said":the Lord missions. bringing souls are they While (Concluded 281) from paQe

... purify your hearts before me; and unto God, they will as a natural result the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we

then go ye into all the world, and preach of their missionary services increase which are alive, and remain shall be caught my gospel unto every creature who has not their love, understanding, and testimony up together with them in the clouds, to meet received it; And he that believeth and is of the gospel. Therefore, by sending the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever

shall saved, bebaptized and he that be one comfort the Lord. be with Wherefore missions the are saving on them you

is shall baptized,lieveth not, not be and 4:16these words. (I Thess. another with souls of children are they while your (Ibid., 112:28,damned. 29.) 18.) to the souls save peoof other working

History records no human experiple, demonstrating the Savior's stateThe last prayer in the Bible reads as ences filled with greater love and acts ment that "it is more blessed to give follows of unselfish sacrifice than those conthan to receive."Behold, I come quickly. (Rev. 3:11.)

nected with the story of the missionary Young men and young women, live work of the Latterday Saint elders. clean lives, study the principles of the And John prays, as we today pray:

gospel, years, carefully past yourprepare and one hundredDuring the selves to missions thousands have so that and of them go onthousands God Even so [blessed Lord,] come(Rev.quickly.22:20.)

left their homes when called and have can use you in performing his great traveled over land and sea, paying their work. In no other way can you gain Come and stop this carnage and misery.

own expenses, to preach the restored more happiness and store up greater God grant that this gospel may be gospel of Jesus Christ. Hunger and rewards of eternal joy in the mansions preached to the great Russian people

fatigue, and on certain occasions, even of your Heavenly Parents. The Son of and to "every nation, and kindred, and

imprisonment and martyrdom have God has declared: tongue, and people."

Latterday experienced; yet each quickChristbeen Father, send Jesus Oh,

is the of souls great worth Remember that missionary declares reign, in ly,Saint the millennial that the golden his servthe For, behold, the sight of God; Lord your

ices while preaching the gospel gave Redeemer suffered death in the flesh; whererays of which are already brightening

him the happiest experiences of his enfore he suffered the pain of all men, that the hills of coming time, shall begin tire life. all men might repent and come unto him. that we may rest and reign with Christ

Every time a crisis has arisen in the And he hath risen again from the dead, that on earth a thousand years, I humbly bring him, he unto might on condiall men pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. it has been met with a renewedChurch

tions of is his repentance. great how And Amen. campaign. missionary increasedand in soul that the repenteth! joy

struck panic the in 1837, example,For repentare called Wherefore, cry to you it did the just as membersChurch it people. rest ance unto this so be that And if

the inhabitants of America.of Many labor in crying should E. all your you days

apostatized. Conditions weremembers this bring, THOMAS repentance people, unto and

critical. The Lord through the Prophet save it be one soul unto me, how great shall

in with joy be your the kingdom him the situation however, met byJoseph, of McKAY if Father! joy will be now, your And my Kimballsending and other Heber C.

elders to England to open a field where great with one soul that you have brought Assistant to the Council of the Twelve of into the Father, unto kingdom me my anxiously waitof soulshundreds were if will should great joy be your you gospel. Again, theing to receive (Ibid., after howbring 18:10Address delivered at the Sunday souls unto me! many

the Saints had been driven from their 16.) morning session of the 116th

homes in Illinois and had established annual general conference, themselves over a thousand miles west Remember, missionary work is not April 7, 1946, in the in the heart of the Utah desert, Brigham the work of any man. It is God's work, Tabernacle

Young inaugurated a worldwide misand we have been given the opportunity sionary campaign. During this period, to help him accomplish his holy purPresident Smith and counselors

thousands of people were headed westposes. He is directing the missionary and my brethren and sisters: I love

ward toward the gold fields of Caliwork of the Church of Jesus Christ tomusic. I should like to take this

fornia, but the elders of Israel turned day through his prophet, President opportunity to congratulate the music their backs upon gold and their hearts George Albert Smith, even as he has committee or whoever it is that has toward winning souls for the kingdom done whenever his Church has been on been responsible in arranging for the of God. the earth. Thus missionaries are being inspiring music that we have had during

Today we have reached another vital sent into the world in increasing numthis conference. The very beautiful,

point in the Savior's missionary probers. Last month one hundred and fifty appropriate music furnished by the

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY MORNING kind complimentary letter, signed by on Sunday than attend meetings. This

the First Presidency, releasing me from seems to have always been true; at least

I in in find interesting following looking service the admonition one very my usSinging brought Friday Mothers on of President after Mission. sermons Young's Because the Brigham European

all closer our Father, to Heavenly and the the carsubject of the to day: of Sabbath has on had be war work my thrilled yesterdaythen were by we ried largely correspondence. by on brethren, those remember, Now, who mythose than hundred a more young

I this to to opportunity take wish riding, the skating, or excursions on on go districtvoices of the the from Manti sincere publicly thanks express is and of there great deal my a Sabbath day—and I Stake. Sanpete attended aSouth confaith. this in the for Gradthe opporappreciation wonderful weak practiced—are in thatference stake, few a ago weeks little, little, little little spirit ually, the by by also, this tunity that appointment, and

the so singing impressed withand was their religion of leaks their hearts of out in especially, missions other and my

I that soloist that ladyof young asked affections, their they and and and by by misafforded me. These Europe, have

faults in brethren, faults their to see begin sions, been, have as they spaced have faults in the in the of the doctrines Church, given me an exceptionally fine oppororganization, and at last they leave the tunity to observe the practical working Kingdom of God and go to destruction.

of the gospel—to see what a blessing (Discourses, p. 255, first edition; p. 165,

it really is to all those who accept and 1943 edition.)

its teachings, see to them come obey

I this sentence: "Graduread When in light after darkness. into walking

little, little little, little ally, the by by first to mission from 1900 was Mythe spirit religion their leaks out of their of

I six then years 1903. and was home

I affections,"their hearts thought and call, this another again honored by was I recently of statement read a which the of president as time SwissGerman

Mission, which comprised at that time which says:

—1909 to 1912—Switzerland, GerWe never lose our religion by a blowout,

many, AustriaHungary, and France. I usually it is just a slow leak.

of six years had absence found that an the And also this difference; of quite a many made

children who were, for example, SunMany treat their religion as a spare tire;

day School pupils, were now Sunday they never use it except in times of emerSchool officers and teachers. I saw the gency.

development of these young people as VK7HAT President Young states with acas well all other had V "members who the reference to keeping Sabbath THOMAS E. McKAY gospel. the cepted were living The and is equally reference true with holy day

given gospel of the acceptance had of the to of the breaking WisWord

I inher. presidentthe stake about was different entirely also these people an sacrament remaining from dom, away

is that of family of a she oneformed life. on outlook the taking meetings, priesthood and

is thirteenth,thirteen, in fact the she a this after second years Twentyfive vain, the in of the nonpayLord name

I case, in lucky should hervery number re- I of privilege the mission again had offerings. tithes Tithing of and ment inspiration thatsay. then the we And headquarwith to turning Europe, my difficult is of for of the most one many this greatreceive Tabernacle from Switzerland. ters in beautiful again spiritual take. exercises to are asked we thechoir our organ one and and and in the pupils children were The who it Because you do why? know And Brother love soonly Evans we whom in 1900, School and Sunday Sunday the at the strikes of destruction of one

well. the estimate one can good No in teachers officers 1909 School and effective used Satan by most weapons

is I this doing.that great organization least, at marof them were now, many for the destruction namely, of mankind,

injoin suggestwith Brother Kirkham their of children own; ried had and or love the person of na- a money. A ining organizathat our more make we missionaries; or been were had some tithing will will tion that an honest pay stakestions our of and wards our and I these say, emigrated. some had As of instead never gold worship God. The

in choirmusic. should every a be There were, missions, as three they spaced is told, root the of are love money, we choruses, Priesthood Aaronicward, opportunity wonderful a most gave me all all evil. of rate any know At we girls'Ichoruses, others. choruses, and of the to gospel obedience to see what is it of that the love of power, money,

in field mission the a great whatknow people. for will really Christ Jesus do of of as as of the well sea dominion

are. families choirs ofvalue Scores our their It phrase of touched every had that land the the people and

in the ofare because our today Church lives. recreation had supervised Their the has of caused our manychoirs. friends love themselveswars—yes, music and Our of who socially; influenced courses the them tithing principle of properly understood

sing join choir, to invited the arecan priesthood for outlines the study and lived to long doing and a would go way after for singing the of Zion songsand organizaauxiliary the quorums and wars. with This commandment away the while, associating tions, miswith and ofa especially the School Sunday all in others given Father and our bysionaries the they begin members, and splendid afforded Church, had them spiritual for are developheaven our

gospel, the then,studying quite educational opportunities. and had They for this in ment, our happiness joy and the foroften, financially baptism. affected apply been conthrough These

life. to are alive us keep They and offerings. great tithing lives. fast theirtacts change one system and young As spiritually, growing guideposts. our their in meeting, previously spent expressed testimony a had Someman who

life's reflectors are along They highway for and tobacco, beer and wine confirmed a he of moneywhere was member lost, or, to to us from keep becoming liquor to that using getting histhe were Church, acquainted money now with radio a quote voice: famous clothes, better purchase conventhe more missionariesthe members, and and

especially the singing of the songs of iences for the home, better entertainWe are much like travelers driving along

Zion, had entirely changed his outlook ment, and there was as a result more a highway by night. There faithfully placed

on life. He said, "It is really like coming love in the home. The gospel affected are reflector signs to warn of hazardous

from the darkness into the light."them also and especially morally and curves and dangerous crossroads. The light

resigns, of cars pick our and they up the spiritually. course, were of Oh, some declared: Savior The flect their direction to us or if warning we not their strong to change enough way

if light! light the the But our have is dark I light the of the that folworld: of life lifelong their he am and overcome

for signs dark. are meaning have no They shall in darkness,loweth not walk but me habits; best for these, as stated, reasons the unlighted lamps.

life. lightshall the of have 8:12.) (John rethe to themselves, found had known

quirements too much. We find that true These commandments I have referred

"VI7ITH"v TafttheBensonappointmentas presidentof ElderofEzrathe herethan inat thehome,missionevenfield.moreIt sois soI thinkeasy, to,of keepingand others,the arelightgivenburning,us askeepingmeans

European Mission, I was given a very for example, to find other things to do (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 335

the people GENERAL CONFERENCE THOMAS E. McKAY whichwho loveyou youlovedso sodearly.much, Everywherewith we

have been we have found many people who alive spiritually. One of Dr. Karl G. know you and love you and have asked is his Church, the Church of Jesus

Maeser's sentence sermons says: about you and shown disappointment in Christ of Latterday Saints, not the

not here. being your church of Smith. Joseph was the He One who has lost the spirit of the Lord probably As you know, we have the already servant called however, of prophetis spiritually dead. into a trip France, Belgium, made Holland,

The gospel has certainly been a light Norway,we are hereSweden,in Switzerlandand Denmark,preparatoryand nowto Goddispensationto establishwith thethe Churchsame organizain this shining in the darkness for our members making a complete tour of the Occupied tion that existed at the time of the in the wartorn countries, and also and Areas. We have already attended district Savior, and it is here for the last time,

especially for our servicemen and womconference at Karlsruhe last Sunday. Durnever again to be taken away or given

in the military in zones and be Czecholeast they are hope we reign rule to come andended—aten during the terrible war years just ing the next two and a half weeks we will to another people, until the Savior shall May slovakia. will there return From weended. of letters Scores rehave been oil in the our keep to we Basel, lamps—keepin person. Paris, then continue Beland to onceived testifying of the comfort and light that burning, seeing others our gium, returning before Holland and again

blessings of the gospel. I will take time to London. good works, our example, may glorify

to refer to only one or two. Here is a I will not comment on conditions which our Father in heaven, I pray, in Jesus'

paragraph written by one of our Morwe found except to say that the deep faith name. Amen.

mon chaplains, addressed to the servof the Saints in these missions has been a icemen's committee: source of joy and satisfaction. The willing

service and clean, exemplary lives of the JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

Not many days ago I had a deeply spiritmany Latterday Saint servicemen who ual experience that gave me added proof of have been among the people of Europe, (Continued from page 275) the left of the gospel power splendid here. to a impression have over make men earth; in that that fully they are and day spiritually.brothers I in chance read By

in ripe iniquity shall perish. they is light shining in the gospel of theone theater Yes, a sheets the news report

if behold, inhabitants of the the earth Butof a Christmas it this program conducted Protwill world, also by wartorn and shall their of repent abomiand wickednessestant Catholic and German chap- P.O.W. if the to a permanent peace show way shall saith nations destroyed, they not belains stationed at the Field 99th Hospital "Father's children,"our as President of the Hosts. Lord Pisa.near item that stated the The news tolerantly so refers kindly Smith to and that behold, great abominable But andspecial music presented was the by P.O.W.

all earth, the church, the his of must fellow whore men, will the but would doorchestra soloist. a and vocal "Mormon"

earth, to the the great be tumble must and is the us; Father. loves of our he He I following in day thisThe went of search

fall thereof. all his children; are he and the"Mormon"with help P.O.W., and of Father—we the devil the of shake, kingdom must For

I foran given the American has us chaplain gospel found happihim, a our formit belong to and needs which they be muster District Dresden missionary, served life. this in who ness joy and could have We stirred the devil repentance, unto or upfor a half year and a President under Rees if earth a heaven on keep but would we will his everlasting chains, grasp with themin the East German Hans the Mission—Elder of commandments God. stirred perish; to they anger, and be and upKarl Schade, 25 Street, Sebnitzer Dresden,

behold, shall at that in he rage For day previous fewGermany. days to our meet- A are, that they might have joy. (II men

stir children the hearts the of of men, anding, theater the chaplain, Colonel Frank 2:25.) Nephi...

is against to that anger them which upBrown, at had met Elder Schade a worship service and when he found Elder Schade The Savior says: good.

Saint, Latterdaywas a he him gave

I firstname. my If any man will do his will, he shall know awayAnd intootherscarnalwill hesecurity,pacify, thatand theylull themwill Elder so when And Schade saw

it of the doctrine, whether be of isin clinic All God, or say: the eye he works, where he now

myself. I speak of 7:17.) (John all is pereth, his rightextended said, hand as and he whether wellwell—andin Zion; yea,thus Zionthe prosdevil

walked towards me, Braithwaite, "Brother

I for this meeting."shall never I cannot give you a testimony of the cheatethcarefully theirdownsouls,to hell.and leadeth them awaythank God

give cannotforget Elder Schade. work—you that expression—nor the Spir- (This has reference, if you please, come throughIn the presence of another chaplain divinityone—itof mustthe and my me

interpreter, we spoke with complete freeit of God. There are laws governing largely to those who are in Zion.

dom and with an understanding that dethese spiritual matters as well as the stroys distrust, vengeance, or hate. We physical and mental. President Grant And behold, others he flattereth away,

ground,met thanked on common and God fellowship in thefor our gospel. used to quote so often: saithand tellethunto them:them Itheream nois nodevil,hell;forandtherehe at It was

the time when I asked him to sing for me There is a law, irrevocably decreed in is none—and thus he whispereth in their

and our men, and to attend our L.D.S. servheaven before the foundations of this world, ears, until he grasps them with his awful

ices in Leghorn, that he reminded me he was upon which all blessings are predicated chains, from whence there is no deliverance.

a prisoner of war. However, even the reAnd when we obtain any blessing from God, Yea, they are grasped with death, and

strictions involved caused no seeming barit is by obedience to that law upon which hell; and death, and hell, and the devil, and

riers in our relationship. An understanding it is predicated. (D. & C. 130:20, 21.) all that have been seized therewith must

commanding officer gave permission for him stand before the throne of God, and be to sing for us, and for us to go to his office And a testimony of the divinity of the judged according to their works, from the into prethey place must whence visit goto him. is received only Church by obedience

fire for of pared them, a lake even and the of tests occupation work army The the to spiritual will any law—"If man (II is brimstone, torment. endless it which fiberthe of as perhaps our moral men

his will, he shall do means 28:1523.) Nephi know"—that tested in not are war. Temptationswas

great and many. It demands a clear understudy, work, pray, keep the commandstanding of why we are here, patience, selfments, and our Heavenly Father will HPhere is much more that I would like

discipline, and selfcontrol. Our job is imreveal to each of us, as he did to Peter, to present if time would permit.

portant, and the L.D.S. and large by divinity his of men the Son. Jesus When call fact attention to the your Let me

theare meeting demands on them. it makes I Peter, asked "But say ye that whom is this better. that world not growing

art Peter the answered, am?""Thou If expresfor the pardoned be I may is letter following a quoted fromnp'HE Christ, living the of the son God."sion: into ourselves not "kid"need We Basel, at 14, 1946, 1 dated March Notice answered: what Jesus "For is this thinking that betgrowing world

Switzerland, Elder Taft from Ezra flesh flesh and Christ was ter. so, If the then prophecies have blood"—the president the ofBenson, European flesh blood—"for and blood hath and is failed. full This of world today

I will forMission: hope pardon you me it thee, revealed not unto but Father is my inwickedness. That wickedness

it first is thisreading quite paragraph; is in heaven."which (Matt. 16:1517.) creasing. rightthere True, are many

I itpersonal, but so appreciate do I feel very humble and extremely scattered the eous people throughout:much I grateful that it to able is a bear earth, to our am you search and duty them

Dear President McKay: similar testimony. I too know that God out and give unto them the gospel of

As you will note, I am here at the spot lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that this Jesus Christ and bring them out of 336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY MORNING Every missionary who goes out papers, the magazines, and from the lips should see to it that he leaves his testiof our own boys who have returned.

free will the that as is so he be mony, pressure us brought to upon Now said to hasBabylon. them: Lord The in secdeclared should has he bring pass be the of to Lord our compulsion

is the of Babylon,"which out ye"Go tion four Doctrine of the Coveand at the tender are years they youth whenworld. that so nants; every with and impressionable, force man most and them

is last this said the the has Lord Now in contact should he into be will comes military they camps where whom thetime given should to be gospel men left excuse, little, without and and protection, warned very or have from no his servants nothing but cry shouldand of thus the every be blood in the vices so prevalent may man are which further said:repentance, has he and his I head. upon you, to to camps. say own army want my

For behold, the field is white already to If you think the world is getting betbrethren and sisters, for one, I am opharvest; and it is the eleventh hour, and the ter, just observe and witness the vulposed to it!

I shall call into last laborers that time indeto garity the nearapproach my and let this forth us preach and go Nowvineyard. in find that published cency some we that the understanding gospel with we vineyard has corrupted become And my frequently pictorial so magazines, and

responsibility of the dual bearing is have there whit; doeth every and none which corruption the of screen. Think on the

it err in they a few; and righteous, be save leading the good the witness and the to conditions debasing the due and all priestcrafts, of instances becausemany truth, of the honest, to a knowledge in liquor tobacco indulgence and and corrupt minds.having all leaving others exwithout and then drugs. narcotics other of and Think I verily, that verily, you, unto say And cuse, witness the bear to which by we is this called I established prevalent immorality so the which and church have

them. 33:3- forth (D. of the wilderness. out C. country. are the & throughout made We

5.) aware of the evils which existed in our I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ.

And for what purpose is the gospel army camps by the reports in the Amen.

preached? To bring the people to a

truth of the and as a witnessknowledge shall ofbefore the end the world come SUNDAY AFTERNOON or the end of wickedness. Even beforethe organization of the Church, back before us—the names of Confucius, of

of of Buddha, and Jesus Mohammed,in 1829, the Lord drew attention by JOSEPH L first three, think of the Christ. As werevelation of his servto the preaching

ants, and he said: their names identify them as men who

their followers to teach endeavored And their testimony shall also go forth WIRTHLIN certain philosophies, philosophies of the this generation ofunto condemnation Of the Presiding Bishopric men, with some elements of truth in their hearts against them. (D. if they harden

& C. 5:18.) Address delivered at the Sunday them.his teachings,But whatandaboutfurthermore,Jesus Christwhatanddo

This was said more particularly in afternoon session of the 116th we find in his name? In the use of his

reference to the testimonies of these annual general conference, name, there is also an immediate mental men who are witnesses of the Book of April 7, 1946, in the connection with the Godhead. His folMormon, and their testimony has gone Tabernacle lowers proclaimed that he was the Son

forth through all the world. But this is of God, for we read:

also true of the testimonies of all others who have gone forth to preach the gosIn the beginning was the Word, and the the with and God, was was Wordpel. Then the Lord adds Word

in the beginning with same was God. The

For a desolating scourge shall go forth God. All things were made by him; and

among the inhabitants of the earth, and shall without him was not any thing made that continue to be poured out from time to was made. In him was life; and the life

time, if they repent not, until the earth is was the light of men. And the light shineth

empty, and the inhabitants thereof are conin darkness; and the darkness comprehended

sumed away and utterly destroyed by the it not.... And the Word was made flesh,

brightness of my coming. and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his

Behold, I tell you these things, even as glory, the glory as of the only begotten of

I also told the people of the destruction of the Father,) full of grace and truth. (John

Jerusalem; and my word shall be verified at 1:1-5; 14.)

this time as it hath hitherto been verified.

(D. & C. 5:19, 20.) To the early followers of Jesus

The Lord has placed upon us the Christ, he was with God in the beginresponsibility to preach the gospel, but ning. He was God, and to him was

there is another great responsibility. I given the great commission of creating

think some of our missionaries have had the earth and all the things that are now an idea that all we had to do was to upon it. And furthermore, because his

make friends, and if they wanted to plan of salvation was accepted in the come in the Church, well and good, and JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN preexistent councils in heaven, he rethe missionaries have not realized that vealed himself to mankind in the flesh,

the Father. In obligation Begotten the of thethey Only were under called upon, my brethto leave Whenever this is analyzing declaration just as necessary comparanda warning, and it this ren and sisters, to perform

that we warn the world as it is to degreat task, I always ask the Lord ing it with the theories and teachings clare the way of eternal life. The Lord to quicken my mind and loosen my of Confucius, Buddha, and Mohammed,

said to the missionaries who went out tongue, and I hope that that prayer has we find a great difference in the claims in the early days: a response in your hearts in my behalf of these great religious teachers.

That ye may be prepared in all things today. The above declaration of John must

when I shall send you again to magnify We frequently hear the question of necessity be supported with tangible

I calling called you,the whereunto have in is there asked: a name?""What And that evidence Christ the Jesus Son was

I the mission with whichand comhave first thinking think of always names, we of the a of God, member Godhead who I to sent Behold, outmissioned you. you think of family of the names. great himself in flesh revealed the to We mankind ittestify the people, becometh and and warn in fields of the education, indusnames for the of purpose redeeming mankind to hathevery warned warn been man who

try, statesmanship, the about but what sin of the from great eviAdam. The left are withTherefore, theyhis neighbor.

out excuse, and their sins are upon their names in the great realm of religion? In dence to sustain the above claims is

own heads. (D. & C. 88:8082.) retrospect there are many that come (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 337

JOSEPH L WIRTHUN gaveButheaspowermany toasbecomereceivedthe him,sons toof God,them GENERAL CONFERENCE even to them that believe on his name. ( John

found in a promise made by the Savior 1:12.) It logically follows that if the Savior

declared: wherein he in all things, to have preeminence

the principle taught He of repentance, wasthe preeminent of all these most would is the Comforter But when come, whom forcibly declaring in Luke: great organization called be this the I will Father, unto send from the you even

the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from And that repentance and remission of sins Church which should carry his name.

in preached should be his name among the Father, he shall testify of me. (John all We read: nations, beginning at 24: Jerusalem. (Luke 15:26.)

47.) For the husband is the head of the wife,

The great difference between Jesus even as Christ is the head of the church:

Christ, the Son of God, and the other John the Baptist, forerunner of and he is the saviour of the body. Theregreat religious teachers of the world Christ, taught the gospel of repentance fore as the church is subject unto Christ,

was that after he left the earth, the and baptism by immersion for the reso let the wives be to their own husbands third member of the Godhead, even the mission of sins, and in the course of in every thing. (Ephesians 5:2324.)

events, the Savior applying appeared testify to the races Ghost,Holy would this in the see that comparison We for baptism. Ecclesiastical history deof the earth of divine on mission men to the of take Jesus Church was name

clares that the of out he up came when the Christ. of Lord, Jesus its Christ, subject, head, and become

the water, heavens opened were and just as the her the of wife takes name the in the appeared Ghost Holy years thousand TVTearly have two him. to subject and husband becomesA of the form a dove, muland assembled since Christ elapsed the upon was the the in of Church days Jesus So

titude the heard voice the of sayFather earth, untold thousands but enhave his carried Christ name. "... is ing: in This beloved Son, my revelation the the ofjoyed Ghost Holy trial the the Savior, of he At when

I well pleased."3: (Matt. am his whom divine. that mission modernwas A Pilate, before Pontius stood the Roman again proclaiming the truth great 17) states prophet, Young, Brighamday ruler find declared that could he no that the Christ Jesus of Son was God, emphatically that honest anymost guile in to the the but appease man, the the of world. Redeemer truth of searcher that can Jesus know his subjects, crucithe he ordered Jews,

in the Christ that the samewas way fixion. something therefore, more to please all nations, teach and He did Go ye

recall, thePeter Savior you knew it. As baptizing... of the in the them Father, his subjects, for name John declared

was traveling in the country with his and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. ( Matt.

disciples and turning upon them asked 28:19.) And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the

"... this question: say do men Whom Admission into the kingdom by baptism, NAZARETHcross. And the THEwritingKINGwas, JESUSOF THEOF I visualthat I the Son of am?"As man

ize that scene, his followers were dumas the Savior so declared to Nicodemus, JEWS. (John 19:19.)

in the includthe of name Godhead rather hesitantly anwasfounded and realize did Pilate Pontius when ing the of the Savior. name that art thou sayswered: John "Some his nailed Other Littlethat at cross to the name was in his promises he name: made Elias; Baptist; others,the some, and the of command, whereon Son God

Jeremias, or one of the prophets."The He that believeth and is baptized shall be hung, that name would become the best

second time the Savior asked the quessaved; but he that believeth not shall be known among the children of men, the

tion: "But whom say ye that I am?"damned. And these signs shall follow them only name under the heavens whereby

Peter, the humble fisherman, without that believe; In my name shall they cast out we might enjoy a place in his kingdom.

devils; shall they tongues; with speak new art declared: reservationany "Thou the the Savior's in lay While body shall serpents; take They if they and up living Christ,the the of the God,"Son told his are that tomb, Peter by we it thing, shall drink deadly hurt any not the reply immediately fromand came Spirit spirits in visited the the time who, shall sick, them; they the hands lay on and

art thou,the Savior: "Blessed Simon shall they recover. of 16:1618.) people a disobedient were (Mark Noah,

flesh for notBarjona: hath blood and earth the upon swept and were away

it thee,revealed but Father unto my Tn contemplation of the great ministry flood, teaching by the them the imporwhich is in heaven."(Matt. 16:1317.) of our Lord, his name stands out pretance of his name and that by obedience

How was it possible for Peter to aneminently as the only name under heavto the gospel that he had proclaimed swer this question without any hesitaen whereby the children of men can upon the earth, they too should enjoy tion or reservation? It was possible beenjoy the blessings of salvation and exsalvation.

cause the Holy Ghost revealed this altation. In fact, his name is the passgreat truth to him, and in this event word into the kingdom of our Heavenly A CCORDING to the records found in III

we see that the Holy Ghost does reveal Father. Nephi in the Book of Mormon,

the fact that Jesus Christ is the Only Paul in preaching to the Ephesians Jesus Christ as a resurrected being apBegotten of the Father in the flesh, the declared that Jesus gave some apostles, peared to the inhabitants on the AmeriSon of God, the Redeemer of the some prophets, some evangelists, some can continent, teaching them to take world. pastors, and some teachers, and may I upon them his name, and furthermore

Again we ask the question: "What also point out to you that in the New that the application of the ordinances

is there in a name?"In the name of Testament, there is an abundance of of the gospel was to be done in his

Jesus Christ there is salvation and exscriptures to prove without question name. Shortly after the departure of

altation to the children of our Heavenly wherein high priests, seventies, elders, the resurrected Savior from the earth,

Father, for we read in the Acts of the priests, teachers, deacons, and bishops Paul declared to the Galatian Saints:

Apostles selected, offices these being were made

I that marvel are so soon ye removed integral an the part of orgreat is Church there in salvation other: Neither any that from called him into the of grace you

is ganization.for there other selection the under After heaven none of name Christ is gospel: unto another not Whichgiven men, whereby must be among officers we its organization, Church did and another; there but that trouble be some you,

saved. (Acts 4:12.) the if it did, carry name, Church a and the pervert and would of gospel Christ. But

In his ministry Christ taught the people what was its name two thousand years though we, or an angel from heaven, preach other any it gospel unto that than you which the carry ago? of Peter; Did name his to take acceptto name, his name

let preached have unto you, we be him it the of or church John Matthew? In them. the matter of prayer he wasupon accursed. (Gal. 1:6-8.) it not; the carried of its It was namesaid:

great organizer, the Lord, Jesus Christ.

is This statement that an evidence other whatsoever ask name, ye shall And Read, if you will in my principles and doctrines being were willthat I do, that the gloriFather be may fied in the Son. (John 14:13.) And he is the head of the body, the taught and that the great apostasy from

church: who is the beginning, the firstborn the Church of Christ was already in

With reference to belief and faith he from the dead; that in all things he might process, and furthermore that as a resaid: have the preeminence. (Colossians 1:18.) sult of the apostasy, the name of Jesus

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY AFTERNOON and my day, Jesus Christ has again spoken to the world, restoring the gospel and all its saving ordinances to the ORDER THE FOLLOWING BOOKS significance lost itsChrist had among the children of our Heavenly that end... in the taught to pray weremen. Men enjoy salvation might and exFROM THE EAST Father

out andnames of men women who in his of altation kingdom. Discourses of Wilford Woodruffthe doctrines of the beSavior changed familiar spoken two words Here are $2.50 saints, socalled standing betweencame reiterated again years thousand ago and

the people on this earth and God rather in the words of the Savior to the ProphYouth and the Church $1.75

than Jesus Christ. During this period we et with reference to prayer, indicating Harold B. Lee

apostles, prophets,hear about no more that his again name the was to become the Gospel Through Ages $1.30 priests,pastors, teachers, sevenhigh salvation of watchword Milton Hunterties, priests, elders, teachers, bishops,

calling in shalt upon continue thou And officers with deacons, butand new new Tell to $2.00 Story things the writing in and name, God mytitles their places. efficacy took The the Comforter, shall thee given be by of which

If select to from. 300 you books Over lost infaith that taught were was men all the scriptures unto expounding and service, live east in quick the want and that believeto they might be saved by (Ibid., church. 24:5.) from: order your booksfaith faith grace rather if than and from cleansed and purified are by and ye And

works. The principle of repentance beall sin, ye shall ask whatsoever you will

the of in the forgiveness wherein onecame Store Book name of Jesus and it shall be done. SNOW'S

{Ibid., 50:29.)sins purchased. could be The ordinance 511 Carlton Avenue

of baptism was changed, and the organJohn the Baptist appeared to Joseph Charlettsville, Virginia ization lost its identity as its first title Smith and Oliver Cowdery, bestowing"Jesus Christ"had another substitute. upon them the Aaronic Priesthood, ***** tttttti

As the dark clouds of apostasy settled with these words:

over the earth, there were some great Upon you my fellow servants, in the men who declared that there would be name of Messiah I confer the priesthooda change, a reformation. Among these of Aaron. (D. & C. 13:1.) A

Luther, Calvin, Martinwere John there I ever question, the ask was May BIBLE the that Williams, declaredRoger who regreat in the of history the a time of longer theChurch no upon was God leaders religious or other formers any FOR their earth. in Sincere declarations and that divine mesclaimed they when efforts, theirin reto they unable were the above heavens from sengers came BOY A its the store organization with Church the in or Christ of in the Jesus name should boy ordinances, Every principlesname, the as and upon bestowing the Messiah, of name

it first if ChristLord, one. the Jesus to gave them have And priesthood? the part of or any themworld. bears National the of is no. restoration answer The The

it trademark, with brought baptism of the ordinance of the turmoil the /\ut adverse and serve will him it that and the mandate women men - in opinion the world, a man, young—for well many the in of the baptized to be name were all sincerely wishing to of which know to come. years the of Son, Holy the of Father, and the Christ, churches the of Church was

of members confirmation Ghost. The fell his of the giants upon knees among the of the promise of the and Church forest, calling the for divine upon God

to gift done be the were of Holy Ghost direction to the that true the end

Church might be revealed to him. In in the name of Jesus Christ. Administraperformed the sick tions to to be were i the answer to prayer of the fourteen- b l e s

blessings in his revealed name. The BOOKSTORE on NationalSINCE 1863... AT YOURb yearold the boy, Father, Eternal God,

and Jesus Christ, his Son, appeared, the the sacrament were to begin with these

Father saying to Joseph Smith: "This words: "O God, the Eternal Father,

Son, of thy the thee in ask name we is reaffirmhim!"Beloved Son, hear my

Christ,"and TWICE AS MANY BLADES (D. C. 20:77, 79) Jesus & ing to that Christ Jesus the world was

the Son of God, a resurrected being, so on....TWICE AS GOOD!

that the Father and the Son were two Rollow through the restoration of the distinct personages with bodies, parts, gospel, if you will. The significance

and passions. Joseph Smith received of the name of Jesus Christ is most iminstructions from the Father and the pressive, restoring to it the same place

Son and thereafter was visited by that it held when he taught men upon heavenly beings who indicated that the earth two thousand years ago. With

their visits were in the name of the Savthe restoration of the ordinances and ior, again establishing upon the earth principles of the gospel, the Lord again, that all things were to be done in his as Paul once declared, gave some aposname as the apostles of old taught the tles, prophets, evangelists, teachers, people. pastors, high priests, seventies, elders,

The eighteenth section of the Docbishops, priests, teachers, and deacons, trine and Covenants parallels the verses and with the restoration of these offices in the the Acts, of found wherein book in the of the the priesthood Church, his dealer cannot you, send supply and name significance the and of power the name just again organized Church was as Ifaddress FREE will send SAMPi.ES and you we Christ of the to restored Jesus Lord was in perfectly as it the Peter of was days S.F., ST., CALIF. PURPLE BLADE CORP., 57 POST It earth. the reads: the Something than more John. and

Behold, Jesus Christ is the name which restoration of the gospel, ordinances, is given of the Father, and there is none principles, and organization was necesgiven other whereby be can name man sary, that? and what was name by The GUIDANCE NEEDED all saved; take Wherefore, must upon men it in identified the might be which ever now as is the of the Father, given them which name world, taken which had been name shall called for in at that the they be name io Subscribe and read great the earth apostasy from the when last day. (D. 18:23, 24.) C. & took place, and is it not singular then THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

It is a grand and glorious truth to that all the great religionists failed to 12 issues $2.00

contemplate that in this day, your day (Continued on next page)

MAY 1946 339 this people to would move becoming a great For Sports News JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN dered,the RockythatMountains, call the churches organized by them and a mighty people. I wonder what

the Church of Jesus Christ but through he meant by the word "mighty."Were it's the the providence of God, it was not to we to become mighty in politics, in the

be. Hence, the name was reserved for industrial world, or were we to become

in interpretarighteousness? mighty My inthe Lord's through day when

is tion that to of this prophecy were we the Smith, Church was JosephSunday Salt Lake thestrument, in righteousness, mighty and become in earth. read to the restored again We in righteousness might our out of we the as hundred one a revelation known

example. would an set the world We Doctrine section and of the TRIBUNE! fifteenth standard to a a light, would become a to of the Savior the words Covenants

the Prophet relative to this matter: misdirected, misled, and faithless world.

So in the final analysis of the Lord's

Verily thus saith the Lord unto you, my plans, he bestowed his name upon the servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and also my restored Church to identify us from the

servant Sidney Rigdon, and also my servrest of the world by being called Lattercounselors Smith, your ant and who Hyrum Saints. day

hereafter; shall appointed are be and And

It cry from is a far of the days PonPart- servant also Edward you, unto my

Pilate the he ordered when name his counselors; also unto ridge, and And my tius

faithful servants who are of the high counof the Savior nailed to the cross: "Jesus

cil of my church in Zion, for thus it shall of Nazareth, king of the Jews,"to the be called, and unto all the elders and people day when John the Revelator saw in a of my Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday vision and declared:

Saints, scattered abroad in all the world;

For thus shall my church be called in the And he hath on his vesture and on his last days, even The Church of Jesus Christ thigh, a name written, KING OF KINGS, of Latterday Saints. Verily I say unto you AND LORD OF LORDS. (Rev. 19:16.)

all: Arise and shine forth, that thy light

may be a standard for the nations. (Ibid., In his name the Lord promised that he

115:1-5.) would appear as the Lord of lords and

King of kings to all those who live the

With the restoration of the name, the gospel of Jesus Christ, meriting the title organization was now complete with of Latterday Saints, and they should the priesthood, all its officers, ordihave this blessing:

nances, and principles that existed in the are are the they of church They who taught Christ as the ancient Church are they hands whose They of restoration the name them. The all is Firstborn.the are Father given has From sandlots to the major things—Theyinto the greatest of evidences the of one priests kings, are they have and who who leagues—from duffer to golf divine calling of the Prophet Joseph, received of his fulness, and of his glory;...

professional from novice to knownthe Churchas theinChurchthe latterdaysof Jesus Christbeing Theseheaven,arewheretheyGodwhoseandnamesChristarearewrittenthe judgein expert in every sports field, of Latterday Saints. of all; These are they who are just men

of the perfect through mediator Jesus this a made carry of Church members The the Salt this Tribcovenant, the out Sunday Lake wrought new who in responsibility using great grave and perfect the of shedding through atonement

I Saints. think Latterday the sports As section presents une his blood. are bodies they These whose own

life, I the I merit of wonder own mytitle is celestial, glory that sun, of are the whose full features. news and Saint. ponder Latterday all, name the the highest glory Doif you of of even God,

over this divine title, determining whose glory the sun of the firmament is

Here, again, is evidence of whether or not your lives are comwritten of as being typical. (D. & C. 76:54the thorough attention to patibleSaint? Wewith onlythe titlebecomeof LatterdayLatter-day 56;Again6870.) the question is submitted:

news of interest to all its Saints insofar as we live the gospel "What is there in a name?"What is

there in the name of Jesus Christ? readers. Whatever your Latterdayof the Lord,SaintJesusis willingChrist,toandtakea uponreal

sports preference, you'll find him the full name of the Lord, Jesus Behold, Jesus Christ is the name which is

Christ, keep his commandments, his given of the Father, and there is none other reading good saved; given in the Sunday be can whereby name man wholehearted, covenants. It demands

all the take them must upon men of the the Wherefore, to loyalty anointed devoted Salt TribuneLake is in for the Father, of given which name his preside over Church, and Lord who last shall called at the they be that name

With the Morning Salt Lake beyond that cleanliness of life is a prime day. (Ibid., 18:23, 24.)

for that anyconvinced I am Salt requisite, Tribune or Evening bless he bless you and may God claims May Saint a Latterday one to be who the Telegram, Sunday Salt revere of that so the name we will or drinks of a glass beer a me, and smokes

Lake Tribune is only 4c. cigaret is not entitled to the divine title the Lord Jesus Christ, that we will keep

of Latterday Saint. his commandments and enjoy all the

The Lord's people are a covenant blessings involved therein, I ask in his people under solemn obligation to him name. Amen.

so to live as he has declared to the

Prophet Joseph to become a standard'MARK E. PETERSEN

to all the nations, and if there was ever a time in the history of the world when (Continued from page 288) it needed a people that would manifest Dut merely to be given their independin its lives all the principles of the gosence did not mean that they were pel, that time is today. set up as a new nation. A government

must be established. Did God follow

Joseph Smith declared prophetically through and fulfil the prophecy in the on the banks of the Mississippi Book of Mormon as uttered by his BeRiver on the sixth day of August 1 842, loved Son to the Nephites? He did by

almost two years before he was mur- (Continued on page 342) 340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA neighbor's fam &*%, feom a

Chop, Chop, Chop amd the orchard's CiEAMED OP/

cutter brush designed by S. P. Ci Thisorchardstrange mechanism is a portable

Goleta, Built in California. Stow of

V*w'J /, ";iwrf,;$./ his ranch shop, the brush cutter is

mounted on the rear of a light truck, powered with a Chevrolet engine. It

,M% Down around Waller, Texas, peanut chopscan easilybrushbe discedinto smallinto ground.pieces whichWith

growers like Ellis Brejcha have been this brush cutter two men can do the working busy ft production in peanut out ideas—helpto cutpeanutcosts workthe oldof away,fourandmandocrewit haulingslicker andout

oil compete with cottonseed oil and quicker. New model now being built

other vegetable fats. Shown here is will be even more powerful—also

Brejcha's CLt*H Mr. "peanut combine,"selfpropelled.

claimed to cut production costs in

QUI half.speedierIt alsoharvestingimprovesbeforenut qualitythe fallby

rains begin. Windrows of wilted

peanut vines are lifted by the pickup part of Mr. Brejcha's

tractorpulled machine and fed into the thrasher. In one continuous operation the nuts are bagged, the straw left. </<?*

V, a nresentativerep*e Recently

growershipper vised to try eefer dard w stana cars, and q o toptop icing CfUeK: method orn, toSSigeration.

.** ** JGro*e *go hereW cent and down fresh ice edintip-t**$& to mar more, caseam gts this in pro glad.y eye when consumers an benefit "

ft/V //OE THAT "Th/MKS flarSafewayr'foodtoe>a expertsr methodsJ*g*Wdi can help out shippersand Swers Stra/ght-L/ne does job 'incut to direct,. E. of sellsUs California, S. figured Strathmore, Thompson direct,,. buys this special vine to permit Safeway out onehoe maximum.* producers *"in cultivation.. vineyards, direction orchards (except between"offering fees brokerage fences. citrus) along and Trigger lowhanging on buys

Safeway r *{&... discs contacts market of bole, tree grape neve ahead trunk or arm better? a steady post. contact fence This operates

clutch, discs pulls a which away i sur price a move offers obstacle interruptwithout from ready stands forward ing movement. Note Safeway

possible cable pulley running on from made pluses discs clutch. to Extra shield disc,. at lower. sells priceJgi. Safeway increases cultivated area costly '.! without consumption less direct, dls"Yrt injury trees. to vines increase or gets by Hoe can consumers hborhood weeds ordinary where machine neig the tools can't stores operate. giocety SAFEWAYMAY 1946 341

*>>. GENERAL CONFERENCE

MARK E. PETERSEN

{Continued from page 340) raising up and inspiring the men who drafted the form of government for this land. He inspired those men to write

the Constitution of the United States, and that Constitution is the means by which God wrote into the law of this land the principles of free agency. So

the Lord said:

... it is not right that any man should

be in bondage one to another. And for this

purpose have I established the Constitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom

I raised up unto this very purpose. (D. &

C. 101:79, 80.)

And, furthermore, not only did the

Lord raise up these men and inspire them to write free agency into the government of this land, but he declared his intention that the elders of this

Church should defend that Constitution and the freedoms and the rights allowed us in that great document. And so he

said, "that law of the land, which is constitutional,"and I call your attention to the phraseology:

... that law of the land which is constitutional, supporting that principle of freedom

in maintaining the rights and privileges, ll fcrfW;bed belongs to all mankind, and is justifiable

I'M before me. Therefore, I, the Lord, justify

ttf you, and your brethren of my church, in tba* is that the constituwhich law tional land; of the pertaining as law to And o* "F*noce1 t cakes befriending is of law man, or less whatsoever more the t bte# A

this, V>Y than of evil. (D. 98:5-7.) cometh C. &

j T;vibS In regard to that last sentence, it is

ow.det'fritt idvec Vnomy interpretation that laws which are

not in harmony with the principle of

spirit the with of the Constitumony >cofl01 jVtVv GVobe tion, evil."of "cometh 5* * continues the Lord Then l|;tv free agency and therefore not in harSo

:. I, the Lord God, make you free, therefore Gove ieO* befoie 10'. tVve VtVs\Jtvdet 1uotvs tfv 64*rsr<*e thatye areis freethe indeed;constitutionaland the lawlaw vatta

det also maketh you free. Nevertheless, when

3ect <W< 98:8,9.)the wicked rule the people mourn. (D. & C.

$& * And so the Lord seems to teach us that it is a part of our religion to preserve and fight for and defend the

Constitution of the United States with all its rights and freedoms as provided therein. It was with this thought in mind

that President Heber J. Grant said:

From my childhood days I have understood that we believe absolutely that the is of inspired Constitution country our an baKing p melted octing that directed instrument, those and salt God bottermilk teaspoon co 1 it those created the defended and van.Ha who who vegetable teaspoon i/a cop

this of nation. independence Concerning three j,-u together, shortening

it is powder this frequent pleasure 1 andS to matter my baking soda, flour the reSmith, statement quote about Joseph by shortening beating Cream e, C-ftSlfti Constitution: Constituthe garding "The

tion of the United States is a glorious standard; it is founded in the wisdom of God. It

is a heavenly banner; it is, to all those who

are privileged with the sweets of liberty, the cooling shades and refreshing waters fl U thirsty great in land. of rock and a a weary r5 F)?o730Y to 35 minutes. like 7 ( 3 It is like tree great a branches under whose

men from every clime can be shielded from the burning rays of the sun."

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY AFTERNOON

Then, President Grant continues, after quoting the Prophet:

And such the Constitution of the United

States must be to every faithful Latterday

Saint who lives under its protection. (Gospel Standards, p. 128, 129.)

Brigham Young also believed that it was part of our religion to defend the

Constitution of the United States. Said

he: We mean to sustain the Constitution of the United States and all righteous laws.

We will cling to the Constitution of our country, and to the government that reveres that sacred charter of freemen's rights; and,

if necessary, pour out our best blood for the defense of every good and righteous principle.

He continues:

To accuse us of being unfriendly to the

Government, is to accuse us of hostility to our religion, for no item of inspiration is held more sacred with us than the Constitution under which she acts. (Discourses, pp.

358359.) At another time, with this same thought in mind, Brigham Young again spoke and said:

How long will it be before the words of the prophet Joseph will be fulfilled?

He said if the Constitution of the United

States were saved at all it must be done by years beIt will be not many this people. the Yes, Fuller's NEW "gotogether"COLORS SEE WHAT NEW to pass. come When these words fore

it as hangs, States the United of Constitution your to harmonize easy now make "gotogether"COLORS will have thread, they single it a upon were, house it whole to save Elders for the call to "Mormon"DO FOR YOUwill step they destruction; and utter from wall of Tired colors you've and had woodwork

... it if is sustained on forth and do it. Fuller this to the keep you'd thought war? us and it will 1. Tie in adjoining rooms be done by of Joseph, land

colors. be; created decorative Clean, all duringNEW 360361.) (Ibid., pp. our posterity. harmoniously.

clear, charming, they're in "mataxability,"new

Saint Latterday to every appeal to too—they gotogether in every way you want 2. colormatch Let you I free principle of divine the to use them accept

in a walls woodwork and I it apin his life. to adopt and agency - peal to you to remember this principle All at amazingly low paint cost, too choice of three finishes

when you are confronted by organizasoft flat, semigloss or full tions and groups and movements in this At the cost of a new dress or an extra table gloss.

country, which are now arising and aslamp, now you can re'do an average room. And,

suming great power. Before you beimportant, "gotogether"paints will last 3. Give a wide choice of

their oilbase they're not measure paints, full Fuller in them, water but come engulfed colorful backgrounds that purposes is by practices the quality. and their dealer heavy. days a Some Demand

measuring rod of free agency, and you may not have all colors; but we are shipping will go with your present

it is said that God remember not frequently. Ask your dealer! W. P. Fuller & Co. furnishings.

in bondbe should man right that any age one to another. Remember, also,

yestertold you Evans Richard what that right it is not we day, that should Forit is bigwisepaintingto call injobs be commanded in all things, and don't a reputable fainting you allow yourself to be commanded Contractor.

in all things by any group or agency.

You preserve the free agency that God has given to you, because if you don't you will suffer all the days of your life. NEW

You remember that you are to be true to the Constitution of the United

States. I appeal to you to accept as the

that the declaration of God, word apCOLORS in section one in the revelation pears hundred one of the Doctrine and Covenants, wherein the Lord says he did raise up men and inspired them to write the Constitution. I appeal to you, every

(Continued on next page) THERE'S A FULLER PAINT DEALER NEAR YOU

MAY 1946.:

GENERAL CONFERENCE

Results are what you want MARK E. PETERSEN and that is exactly what

one, to be true to the trust that God has placed in you, to preach the gospel throughout the world, as has been deCARBON BISULPHIDE clared here today. But remember that

will give you without soil injury and you cannot preach that gospel without freedom of speech, and you cannot pubby a single simple treatment. lish that gospel without freedom of the

press, and you cannot gather together

Delays are costly—get after those patches of in congregations without freedom of

morning glory, whitetop, knapweed, Canada assembly, and you cannot worship the dicto the according your Lord God Thistle and other deep rooted perennial noxious tates of conscience without your own weeds. freedom of religion. And remember

that every time you give up any of your

Give this chemical a trial and see what is in freedoms, whether it be to some ecostore for you. Clean up those ugly spots innomic or political group, or to any other

jeopardize these four freeyou / fested by weeds, poison oak, and wild blackgroup, I have spoken. which doms of

berry and you will owe somebody a debt of I appeal to you to accept as the word gratitude for telling you about it. of God that which I have quoted to

you which says that you, the elders of

There is a lot of good information in our free Israel, are justified by God in defendillustrated Circular 212P, and a postal card ing your constitutional privileges. I apwill bring it to you by return mail. peal to you to be true to your one hundred thousand sons who have fought

for liberty, to the eight thousand of sons your been and wounded who have five battle. betray the bled in Do not WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER

Division of Stduffer Chemical Company thousand Latterday Saint boys who

responsibility that to ber a you have 636 CALIFORNIAiMtifjMSWM died that freedom might live. Rememin preserve America. freedom RememDistributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches ber always the glorious prayer that is

written into the last stanza of "America"which was sung so beautifully this morning by the Tabernacle choir

Our father's God! to thee,

SlcudL yjoWL {Bjumuqaa. Jhaimnq* Tioiv! Author of liberty,

To thee we sing;

Veterans college students... high school graduates: LongWith freedom'smay our holylandlight!be bright

Enter the L. D. S. Business College at any time, for beginning Protect us by thy might

or advanced work. A few months of intensive, thorough trainGreat God, our King.

ing here will help you qualify for office work, either in private I pray that we may have the courindustry or in civil service. age and the wisdom to accept the truth,

that the truth may keep us free, and I

Day and evening classes continue the year 'round. ask it in Jesus'name. Amen.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE GEORGE ALBERT

70 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1. Utah

MAIL THIS COUPON'SMITH L. D. S. Business College

70 North Main, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Address delivered at the Sunday classes; tuition rates or evening Please about your day tell me session the 116th servafternoon of; employment

for students ice outof-town arrangements G; living general annual conference,

School High Graduate Remarks in the April 7, 1946,

College Student or Graduate D Tabernacle rj Name Veteran

Address D Mature,GraduatenonHigh School are very much blessed today by information that has come WEfrom one source or another.

iiiririiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiititiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiim Lest we overlook it I would like to say that Brother John H. Taylor of the

First Council of the Seventy has been

ill, is.. seriously not while conand heIN for FIFTY YEARS OVER OffER USE WE

in participate to sidered well enough A COMPLETE of in treatment simpleAids Canker, this activities the of conference, he has SERVICEsore throat other minor and mouth ENGRAVING us, present with been are very and we Missionary From Portraits to the Largest irritations. throatand Catalogues. that that case. glad the has been

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention This morning at three o'clock, Captain Latterof our Badger, one HowardHall's Canker Remedy CO. UTAH ENGRAVING Saint chaplains, here arrived day by536 East 2nd Lake City, Utah 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah So.—at Salt

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiimiiirniiiiiiiiiiiiiiittiiiiinniiiiiitiii air. He has been helpful to Brother

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

SUNDAY AFTERNOON Rediscover the West with Chevron Supreme Gasoline

Benson in that field of activity in Europe, and I am sure if there were time we would be delighted to have Brother

Badger give us some information about his experiences over there. He has

performed a splendid service. By the

way, there are quite a number of our men in uniform here today who were here yesterday, some of whom have been willing and have desired to bear their testimonies and tell of their experiences, but unfortunately our conference seems to be just one day short of the time we need. We are grateful to

have them home with us, and I am sure the Lord will bless them and magnify them.

ALBERT E. BOWEN

(Continued from page 282) attachment to the character of Jesus. It may

as well be frankly recognized by American educators that the days of Christian cultural solidarity in America are over.

Now we know the worst. America is

no longer to be a Christian nation.

This is all of a piece with the action of a teacher who, evidently determined to do his part about getting rid of the "myth of God,"under the guise of giving what he called a "maturity test,"submitted two questions: first, "Do you

believe in a supreme being?"second,

"Do you rely upon him for aid?"The

student answered "yes"to both, and the teacher promptly marked him down as woefully immature. This same teacher, no doubt, would be very explosive

if anyone taught religion in the school, but he does not have enough respect for the law, whether written or resting in a code of honor, to refrain from violating the spirit of it himself, by teaching irreligion even to the extent of disbelief in Deity.

He cannot prove that the student was wrong, yet unhestitatingly he marks him so, and so declares. Then

some people complain about authoriThree things not to forget on your Yosemite holiday tarianism in religion. That teacher is

not very smart either, for, dependent upon his caprice for graduation, the student soon learns what kind of answer the teacher wants, and gives it to him, even though he does not believe a word of it.

Now, lest anybody think that this is intended as a wholesale charge against teachers, I at once file my disclaimer.

I know that in the schools are many of the most highly honorable and punctilious, who revere God and practice true religion, but the occasional Gosh! Almost forgot the old A fank of Chevron Supreme We'll use a Chevron Nationones, such as I have instanced, show fishing hat... and for weeks Gasoline. Warborn blendal Credit Card. It's good

what forces the church and the home we've been dreaming of ing agents in this great preeverywhere, keeps track of desire to meet, if theyand society have matching flies against Mermium gas make cars "live"car costs, saves carrying exstabilizing of theto preserve power religious faith. Parents, at least, should ced River Rainbows. Got under the throttle. It's tailtra money. Yes sir, Chevron

know the task that is cut out for them. the hat? Let's go! But first, ored to suit local driving makes every trip a happy

let's stop for.. conditions, too. And.. highway holiday."pOR two thousand years now, men

have regulated their lives by the teachings of Jesus. They hold sway

among five hundred millions of civilized people. Do you suppose that five hunAT CHEVRON GAS STATIONS GARAGES STANDARD STATIONS

(Continued on next page) MAY 1946 345 iiiiimiiiiiiiiiiimiiimiiimimimii ALBERT E. BOWEN GENERAL CONFERENCE

have people civilized of millions dred is that of charge sub- a statement lives ortains their and together held been it states ject objection to because two not do Impostors myth? dered by a

It is so. offenses, to wellor attempts do transcendental may history. The make in testhat to a case has known no man no full but man grasp, our be beyond

can this life world in his lived has who ccCCOMPLISHMENT / daily that we fact the to his eyes shut result the should always be that things many, many to accept have is energy expended. when that a fact explain. The cannot we dizzily spinning Yet, like a analysis, of admit not does proposition

top, many businesses go and taking apart and examination and 'round in the preparation of setting up in its parts, does not prove Thank You, advertising and get nowhere. that it is not a reality.

in the is founded after month, This Church Month the same transSincerely! Christian the early so was thing again happens and cendental;

proMessiah the was Jesus Church. is again nothing and accomstrenuous the During the from resurrected claimed. was He plished but the expenditure of there years have war that. Paul explain can dead. man No dollars that to could be made times been when we Damascus. to the way on a vision had

results. function produce The to it haven't able been it that was is said where read I have

of a printing organization to- a spiritual vision, but he heard a voice, serve you the way we day is to help clients to plan too. What was that? always like to. For

printing that builds sales Whether it was spiritual or some your appreciation of to take copy and dramatize it, other form of vision makes not the our problems, your unmake it so irresistibly attracslightest difference to me. He had a derstanding and pain the rests this Church vision! And it tive that naturally must tience, send you we a had Smith that Joseph declaration the attention. reader's draw sincere thanks! our

celestial bethat heaven, from of waste which speak vision The we and him, taught and him attended ings is often to lack of due underestab- teaching, he their of basis the on standing. Realization of this lished this Church. It has approximateHotel Temple

has made us sales minded. ly a million members. Hundreds of Your selling problem is our thousands of others have died. Perhaps Square

problem, and our experience in the course of time, nearly two milClarence L. West, Mgr.

puts us in a position to print lion members have adhered to a belief your sales story so that it will in the verity of his statements. That

get results. kind of thing does not come out of imposture. Men can be wrong, may be

deceived, but out of insincerity this r.1

Church could not grow.

perhaps century, last half the cited a writers haveThe Deseret News Press fWER"* half IT a dozen

Creators of Distinctive court record, supposed to show that

PrintingBinding Joseph Smith made admissions which show his insincerity and his imposture.

Phone 4-5521 And the whole case for that is built record. court that alleged When 29 Richards Street upon

it, there is no to examine you come

Salt Lake City, Utah court record at all produced. What is

produced is an article in an encyiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiamiiiiiBHiiiii clopedia, written by nobody knows whom, and obviously full of poison, or by an author full of poison, and including what purports to be a court record.

produce the court of on a record case encyclopedia thatutah in her Whythe doesn't anybody who hangs a record? Even

consistthe article part of that Setting deletedWestern record in a court the alleged ing of By Dr. Milton R. Hunter

later publication, presumably because

Here is a story of Utah—her backthere was not good enough foundation

ground, history, and people—that for it.

every member of the family will There is another peculiar thing about is thoroughly enjoy. Here a -wealth It to be purports record. alleged that of stories pioneer. beautiful

the peace court. justice of a record of a

... illustrations fastmoving.. accounts of exploration, development, Everybody who knows anything about

and adventure. A must book for courts knows that justices'courts are

your homel Price, $3.50. not courts of record. They do not usually take, nor preserve as part of the

(See page 262 for order blank.) record, the testimony of witnesses.

There are certain essential things. It

should show the charge. It should show

It should sworn. that were witnessesBDDKCRAFT18 RICHARDS STREET sentence. the the findings and show

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH This alleged record contains everything but what it ought to contain. It con346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY AFTERNOON

tify against himself. No man charged

criminally has to testify until a case has been made against him, but this alleged record starts out with Joseph

Smith, the first witness, testifying for himself, before anybody has testified against him.

There is no record that any witness was sworn. There is the announcement

that he was found guilty, but of which of the charges it is not said, and there is no sentence. That record could not

have been made of the alleged trial as it proceeded. The order of occurrences

prohibits it. It rests on no better foundation than the worthless affidavits

which it is dragged out to support, and so we could go down the line and bit by bit tear to shreds the threads of evidence by which the alleged imposture is said to have been perpetrated.

Let's get over the idea of thinking that everything must be true because it is written in a book. It derives no sanctity from being reduced to print. It has

no higher validity than the honesty of thought behind it.

I apologize for this imposition upon your time, and pray the blessings of

God upon you, in the name of Jesus.

Amen.

GEORGE ALBERT

SMITH Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 116th annual general conference, April 7, 1946, in the Tabernacle is just five minutes to three—in

IT San Francisco. [Laughter.]

This has been a very delightful experience for me to be at this conference, notwithstanding the fact that some of the dearest friends I have ever had, who were here a year ago, are not here today. We have listened to the

members of the Quorum of the Twelve, and I realize for every one now in that position, a very dear friend of mine has passed away. Their places have been

well filled. These brethren are really

servants of the Lord, but I miss the men who are gone. Aunt Gusta Grant

has sat through this conference attendmeetings.ing of the That most blessed Your cleaning sat of President the side bywoman

Grant, helped him rear his family, and blessed this community. I am grateful

to see her here today. I am sure that

quite a number of elderly people arehere that some of us do not know about. PARtner!

I mention Aunt Gusta Grant because

President Grant stood here not long ago. Aunt Mary, wife of President The Quality Soap for

Joseph F. Smith, is here also and is

always at our meetings, and many PARticular Housewives others whom we love. I am sure they

are blessed by being here, and we are (Continued on next page) MAY 1946 347 GENERAL CONFERENCE

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

blessed by their presence. It will not

be long before many of us will pass on.

We will not all leave as fine a record as some of those I have referred to, probably, but it is a wonderful thing to have that kind of companionship throughout life.

Just to look into your faces and see the earnestness of your lives is a joy, in is written earnestness that

I DURKEE'S becauseyour faces. to many want to say

of you that I know personally, I can never repay your kindness and helpfulMAYONNAISE ness to me in many ways. I say never

Smooth, delicious Durkee's Mayonnaise is—I'll say I can't do it in this life, but

the perfect touch for finer salads. Gives sand- I believe that we are living eternal lives,

of these failures here perhaps and some wiches too. this..because new flavor, flavorful 'Reccfie hereafter. be remedied may mayonnaise with fresh eggs. is made You'll

really enjoy Durkee's Mayonnaise. Arrange slices ofavocado Much has been said in this conferand orange sections alence about the Prophet Joseph Smith.

ternately on crisp salad There isn't much that I could say, exgreens.Serve with a dresscept that which is good. Many of the

ing made by blending }/% benefits and blessings that have come that who through man have come to me cup Durkee's Genuine of Jesus life for gospel the his gave Mayonnaise with % cup DURKEE'S some been who have Christ. There

juice teaorange and % like I to would him, but belittled have sugar. spoon will so done have those that say who 'GENUINE, r its THe AYQNNAISL will go their remains forgotten and be

back to mother earth, if they have not already gone, and the odor of their infamy will never die, while the glory and honor and majesty and courage and fidelity manifested by the Prophet Joseph Smith will attach to his name forever. So we have no apologies to make.

Tt is a wonderful thing to live in an

It is also a disquieting solved. being are d5nakam iyouna ** age like this when so many problems find pleasure people to live age in when UlfWiwersitf

SUMMER QUARTER inthoseharshnesswho areandseekingunkindnessto blesstowardmankind.

First Term: June 10 to July 19 I am glad that I belong to a Church

that has produced such men and women

Second Term: July 22 to August 23 as this Church has produced. I have

traveled approximately a million miles

Eighth Annual Music Festival in the world in the interest of the gosBand and Orchestra Clinic pel of Jesus Christ. I have been in many

Distinguished Visiting Teachers climes and in many lands and in many nations, and I have never seen any

Outstanding Resident Faculty place that I thought was as rich in the

A Broad Offering in All Departments sweet companionships of life as I have

LECTURES—CONCERTS—RECREATION mountainsfound in theand valleysin the organizationsof these grandof

Write for your catalogue now. the Church established in other parts

of the world. It is a wonderful thing

to have such friendships of good, true, honorable, sweet, faithful men and BRIGHAM YDUNG UNIVERSITY women. I have often said no man in

PROVO, UTAH the world has been more blessed than

I. From my childhood, ever since I can

remember, I have never been compelled to associate with evil individuals. I

M haveso adjustedbeen fortunatethat I couldin choosehaving themyverylife that finest could be and men women SUBSCRIBE TO THE ERA"in the to be companworld found my for your loved ones away from home. ions. This has enriched my life, and I

am grateful.

12 issues $2.00 I think of my early experiences in the

Primary Association. Mentioning the

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY AFTERNOON

Primary calls to my attention the fact that it is a marvelous institution. It

was the Savior of the world who said "... Suffer the little children to come

unto me, and forbid them not: for of

such is the kingdom of God."(Mark 10:

14. ) In this organization there is a program to develop little children and to

give them the advantage of education, refinement, and culture equal, if not superior, to any other in the world. Personally I feel today to thank the general

officers and the stake and ward officers of this organization who give their time to developing these little children. I

am reminded of it because yesterday and today I see quite a number of these children sitting in the aisles, on the steps, and elsewhere, paying attention and listening to what has been going on.

It is lovely to have so many little children here, and it makes me feel comfortable to have them in the audience.

The Lord loves them, and I am sure we love them.

A nd we have our great Sunday School "** organization. There is no such

Sabbath School group in all the world as we have in the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints. It is marYes, the Marsdens spent a recent happy

velous what has been accomplished, and its teaching has been so adjusted weekend with these folks... who are now so

that old or young, anybody, may find complimented and delighted at receiving a upliftdevelopment I would and in it. So

like to thank those who have made it box of Glade's fine Chocolates and a card possible in the Primary for me, and in that says, "Thanks for a wonderful time!**

associate School, with tothe Sunday men and women whose ideals are real

Christian ideals, not makebelieve, and who train those under their watchcare to walk uprightly before the Lord, to IF IT'S GLADE'S IT'S GOOD honor father and mother, to love one another, to be honest and true and chaste and benevolent. These are great

organizations.

I think of what the Mutual Improvement Association has done for me. It

is the organizaof remarkable one most all intions world, the prepared and adCHOCOLATES justed for those above twelve years of CUBE CANOY. COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

age. It has given me the companionship, as the other organizations did, of

a little older group, but a group of the same fine quality, having faith in God, love for their fathers and their mothers and honor and respect for those who preside over them in the Church and!fiiif(fii(riffffifffiiiftiitffiitiitiitfhiirfiifrtiiffiitfiiitf

state and nation. What a wonderful

help the Mutual Improvement Association has been to me. I feel to thank and MUSICWe carry large stocks of music suitable for

bless those who made it possible for meto have those companionships. There CHURCHES

are in this audience today men and

I with have associatedwomen whom SCHOOLS forthat great group many, in you have used our Costumes YOU 5 AND many years, and I would like them to know that I | KNOW THEY ARE THE BEST for | forArrangedVocal andappreciate their love and their kindness. your play or opera production. 5 HOME USE Instrumental

There is another fine organization in SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS

the orRelief Society,the Church, ganized the direction under of a prophet i Hillam's Costume Shop I Weto usspecializefor suggestionsin L. D. S.andChurchmaterialmusic.available.Write

pianos, Lester in Steinway and bandof for the development God, of women.

instruments, orchestra talking machines, organizationThis is unsurpassed by supplies. Salt Lake City, Utah f andDealersrecords musicians'and

any woman's organization in all the % 10 ROOMS FILLED WITH SPLENDID it thing is to wonderfulworld. What a

(Continued next page) on ViiCiltl'tlllillilMllt'Silliliil'iliPliKMlil'tiit'llil'ilil'? COSTUMES 5 DAYNES47 So. Main St. MUSICSalt Lake CO.City 1

MAY 1946 349 GEORGE ALBERT SMITH GENERAL CONFERENCE

have in each of our wards and branches, of the great Church school system of these mothers of men and women, who the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattergive their lives to uplift and bless the day Saints. There are many things thatAS MAN EATS communities in which they live. What I might mention, but these are just some

a blessing they are and have been to that come to my mind as I stand here.

this Church and will continue to be! AND DRINKS As we approach the conclusion of

We believe that, in large measHpHE Genealogical Society is another this great conference I have only good drinks, eats ure, as and a man It I haven't organization. in for the will has mankind. marvelous my heart is nature he. has For food, so

of in of gathering those animosity task any heart toward the names any my fruits of the given and sun us soil. These are priceless treaswho have passed on, generations ago, living human being. I know some that I

ures, conducive to health of bringing them into a great depository wish would behave themselves a little body and mind. Besides these, where they may be sorted over and better than they do, but that is their loss,

we need no stimulants. classified, so that we may trace our not mine. If I can get my arm around

You who agree, will be interancestry. I said to a man one day, them and help them back on the highthat drink delicious ested in a find the about out all anof your them happiness "You can by teaching way

fruit. is grain from and made will cestors the happiness to of gospel go with if you Jesus Christ, me my delightful, this wholesome And is said, Library."the Genealogical "I thereby. will increased That be He caffeine, contains no beverage

other stimulants, or narcotics. don't want to know anything about purpose of the missionary work of this

FICGO is known to millions of them."I wouldn't either, if I thought great Church. I would like to say to the

people who think sanely about my ancestors could be traced back to brethren who are mission presidents, food and drink. It is made of an orangutan or a baboon. But like you have a real responsibility in your

roasted barley and treeripened William Jennings Bryan, those who various fields. You do not have very

California figs. It is a boon to have any pride in that kind of ancestry many missionaries from Zion as yet,

noncoffee drinkers who admitwill not connect me with their family but they are coming. I want to say

rightly, enjoy tedly, and a tree. all to will say don't ap- I want that can have you do to that we you their drink with hot wholesome preciate this train great organization care of what develop take and and them can meals. Wholesome FICGO

be freely recommended as a has done in gathering our genealogy them, as well as to assist the local people healthful drink for the whole and in tying together all the family lines who have been so faithful and helpful family. that have been broken and lost. during these long trying times. The letBrother read today Benson from we It ter our have welfare President program. H. BALLIF, LEONARD We the that indicates people of over many has been organized time, only short a California Ficgo Company freezing starving nearly there are and is in and yet today to ship a position California Los Angeles, thing are thinking to death, the they but carloads clothing, of food, bedding,

as indicated about apparently, by his materials, to and other men and women they a may have is not how children and other side on the of the letter, sea, who are starving and freezing to palace on earth, but how they may help to high. other people on enjoy a mansion for death the various things that we

us. for gospel the does is what That in have abundance, gathered by that

that us It is not have what makes we great organization.

j m This Church and its organization happy;life that itenrichis notourthelives;materialbut itthingsis whatof

POULTRYLICE prepareif anythingus fordoesthethatkingdomis in thisof heavenworld. weHeavenlyare. TheFathernearerand wehis arebelovedlike Sonour

and FEATHER MITES, So today, as I stand here and look into Jesus Christ, the happier we are. Surely,

Christ Jesus for has done me. I have no or the sound in the world of my voice, te your faces, I realize what the gospel of therefore, not any man or woman under to express words gratitude my to God will hesitate understands, to go who

CONTROtLED for the ministry of this Church and the out and teach these people who do not blessing of its members to me as an inunderstand, and radiate sunshine. You

dividual; then multiply that by what it cannot drive people to do things which

has done for all the rest of you. are right, but you can love them into

GET THE Tt is a wonderful thing to go through doingcharacterthem,thatif yourtheyexamplecan see isyouof suchmeana life, hand in hand with the Master what you say. And so today I thank

this earth, heaven and Church and their for associates brethren and my my BLACK of 4616 this privilege giving as near comes me their I think help kindness. and When Leaf Black Where Yes! in mortality. anything as can do I frail individual a weak, of what am directo is according 40 LEAF used

I this as grateful look around I am called to in to of be the midst stand featherchicken-lice and tions, mites are soon a thing of group and see what God hath wrought this great Church, I realize how much 40..', us, elderly these for I thank the past. men and soul the help I need that of every

labor! Saves Saves money! the burden and borne have women who it, if I in to succeed; so I thank am myis of chickens! handling Ifo tZgfijM Wt&j: on, the carried of heat the day and the Package faithful on counselors, brethren, |jjjjp': in the Leaf for Look my who

TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS & CHEMICAL CORP. that we who have come on might have have helped me in the unusual experiINCORPORATED LOUISVILLE 2, KENTUCKY the blessing of a knowledge of the purence of becoming accustomed to a great

pose of life to prepare us for eternal responsibility. I am grateful to my brethhappiness. ren of the Quorum of the Twelve, the

We have our great educational inPatriarch, the Assistants to the Twelve,

Send special wherestitutions,our oursons schoolsand daughtersand seminaries,may not thePresidingFirst Bishopric—allCouncil of thetheseSeventy,men whothe

the of the servants are rudiments of educaare Lord and who his taught seeking to keep the fundamenand commandments CONFERENCE ISSUE onlytion butbe taughtmay be of the "ERA"tals of eternal happiness. I am thankful teach us the way of eternal life. I am

that Karl G. Maeser, when I was only grateful to them, and I invoke upon

to friends away from home a child, put into my life a part of that them, and upon all of you, my Father's which goes to make up the organization children, here or wherever you may be, 350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUNDAY AFTERNOON

the blessings of peace and love and joy, and the companionship of the Spirit of God, and in the end eternal lifein the celestial kingdom. I pray that HERE ARE THE ANSWERS

that may be our privilege. When the

the life and is opened of bookLamb's to to many missionaries'problems are recorded are those whonames of inherit the celestial kingdom, I hope and pray that you and all those you love, all these sons and daughters of our Heavenly Father who are associated with you here, may have their names recorded there—not one missing.

If that is the case, how happy we will be throughout the ages of eternity.

Thanks to the prophets of old, to our

Heavenly Father who sent them, thanks to his beloved Son Jesus Christ who died that we might live again, thanks to Joseph Smith whose name has been belittled by some ignoramuses in the world, that is, they have sought to belittle him, but they cannot. Thanks to

him who was willing to lay down his life and seal his testimony with his blood as evidence of the fact that he knew whereof he had spoken. God bless you,

my brethren and sisters; may peace

abide with you in your hearts and in your homes. Love one another; love

mankind; reach out to those who need

you. If we do that happiness such as

can be found in no other way will be our portion.

God grant that it may be, I humbly ask in the name of Jesus Christ our

Lord. Amen. HIS MANY MANSIONS is ideal for stake and regular missionaries. It contains clear, brief explanations of the beliefs of

thirteen leading Christian churches, together with a short history and an organization chart of each.

GREEN FRINGE

itHIS MANY MANSIONS stands alone in the By Eva Willes Wangsgaard No Other book like field of books on religion. Here is the information that will

/*ool breath of snow's thinning, enable the reader to understand the beliefs of other people.

The fragrance of furrows, Inquisitive noses Exploring new burrows; Authoritative. Many qualified representatives of thirteen churches

cooperated in preparing the material.

Pale fingers of sunlight that quiver grasses On 15 by 20 inches, is a unique feature of the green A comparative chart, curls of new With

Inching up from the river. book. It compares at a glance the fundamental beliefs of ten

major churches.

White froth on the rapids Like funbursted pillows And tortoiseshell catkins A handbook for the missionaryAt home or abroad, HIS MANY

Asleep on the willows; MANSIONS will make contact with investigators easierl

High arches of turquoise Price, including book and comparative chart, $2.25

Where grace notes are spilling (See page 262 for order blank.)

Back down on the rushes Where blackbirds are trilling,

On the green fringe of winter Where the marsh creatures live, Earth wakens, lifehungry, BOOKCRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

A-tremble to give.

MAY 1946 351 ouTVage awi Ours Sorry, No Stock Hungry Choice

apocryphal, possibly around, going is a story There about "One"What'sthat'syourfullfavoriteof food."dish?"

the disappointing publishers use to report the cryptic notes fact that a book is not available. Writes a longsuffering

librarian: "I am familiar with O.P.P. for out of print at present, A Meaty Question

or R.P.F.D. for reprinting few days, or more likely F.W. for "Why do you always flirt with waitresses?"

few weeks, but what, please, is D.K.W.?"Even Stephenson's "I'm playing for big steaks."

Dictionary o/ Abbreviations ($1.75) with its thousands of ab- #

offers guess is best breviations no solution. that D.K.W. The

incredible report during Diagnosis stands for don't not too when, a know the present acute printing shortages and delays that have A teacher was discussing natural history.

tell is?"the of the swallow home who can me where persisted since the war.—From The Titte Page, Macmillan "Now,

is in the of the the stomach,"swallow came "The home Company.

<> answer from the rear of the class.

U.S.S. Briareus A.R.D. >-

Dear Editors: Norfolk, Virginia Signpost

it true?"father, "Is the his asked youngster "that it's neces- I apand enjoy a few much words to let you know how JUST life?"to sary in in hard succeed order to work to send preciate me. During Improvement Era that you The

the two years that I was overseas the Era was a constant "Yes, my boy. The minute a man begins to shrink from

friend and companion to me. Besides my mother's letters there work, it's a good sign that he's almost washed up."

was nothing that brought me greater comfort and soui satis- $ faction than to read the wonderful messages by the leaders of Headliner our Church that are published in the Era. Soon I hope to be

as as crook he big a the newspapers say he is?"discharged and loved ones. There the Era will "Is home with my

type!"true to runs "Yes, he companion. constant continue to be my

Sincerely, $ Wallace Coleman A Policy for a Need -<*>- "Hello,"she said over the telephone. "Is this the Fidelity

Dear Editors: Joliet, Illinois Insurance Company?"

f thought you might be interested in knowing of one of the "Yes, ma'am."

* "Adventures of the Era in India"that my husband mentioned "Well, I want my boy friend's fidelity insured."

in one of his letters. $

office post had thousands of magazines The base come in Viewpoint

G.I.'s to in India addressed had since Since gone home. who

they don't forward such mail, the wrappers were taken off and She came into the photography shop with a small snapshot, the magazines were distributed through the camps still in operaasking, "Can I get this enlarged?"

tion. About fifty sacks of such magazines came to my husband's "Certainly. Would you like to have it mounted?"asked the

camp, so he took them to Church with him the next Sunday. clerk.

(A group of six to eighteen fellows hold Latterday Saint "Oh, that would be wonderful,"replied the girl. "He'll cerservices in Calcutta.) Many of the members hadn't had the tainly look swell on a horse."

privilege of reading about conference. $

So, you see, not all of the undelivered issues of the Era are Fast and Efficient

It completely lost. truly been has a wonderful connection with

his said the teacher to business "Now,"class, training "just for there."them "over Mormonism

close would how you your bookkeeping for the night?"books Sincerely,

that's easy,""Oh, the voice rear, the folcame closely from Mrs. E. P. Hyatt the closing lowed of by a bang book.

P.S. Lieutenant E. P. Hyatt asked me to write this letter be- <$

cause he appreciates every page of your magazine.

-$- A Soft Answer Turneth Away Wrath was visiting Mary with her mother. The stay was long and

restless. became Fool's Paradise Mary

"He thinks that he's changed a lot, but he hasn't.""Mother—,"she said. "How come?""Mary,"rebuked her mother, "it's rude to interrupt while

"Well, he's always talking about what a perfect fool he I'm speaking; you should wait until I finish."

used to be.""But,"said the child, "you don't finish."

SCOUT TROOP 39 ACHIEVES Troop 39, of Weston, Idaho, now boasts twelve Eagle Scouts, after only three years'activity. The first four Scouts of the troop to

complete the requirements for the Eagle Scout award received their badges on February 12, 1945. Exactly one year later, eight more Scouts

received the Eagle award.

The story behind the outstanding accomplishment of Troop 39 is interwoven with the effective service of determined scoutmasters, Myron Fonnesbeck, who became scoutmaster in 1943, and was called into military service in the spring of 1945; and Blaine Thompson. These Eagle Scouts

have now graduated into Explorer Post 139.

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "OILPLATED engines...

they'd better have!"

The "haulaways"are abroad in the land! Your new car is

on order—or in your mind. And now here is why any car of

yours should have an oilplated engine...

OilPlating will shield your engine's insides. It saves

finefinished surfaces from lots of wear. And that's how to

raise resistance against carbon, gum, and sludge.

An oilplated engine is yours for the asking. Simply

insist on filling with Conoco N th motor oil. Conoco N th brings

its added oilplating substance. This acts magnetlike.

joins lubricant durably to metal, so as to form protective oilplating! The process is the same in any engine. Though

yours may not be new, this is an extra good time to oilplate it. For it needs a Spring oil change, and simply by getting

at a few cents'Conoco Wh you'll get oil that oilplates—

extra cost! See Your Conoco Mileage Merchant—today..

Continental Oil Company 'TRADE MARK yRANIEEB;

V "<&< jit *

,r--.."'"'% "..:''': '-: '.

In a lime of Plenty May... when the year is in its Pf "'&

youth, with blossoms and all grow-

....!ing things... Earth is fairly burst- ""* PS l # mm-'WT.*..

ing with her bounties. This is the

season when Nature looks to the needs of her children, that they (*"*L tfP> shall not want when winter comes.

The wise provider, too, in his productive years, arranges for the security of those dependent upon him. The quickest, safest way is

to carry adequate life insurance.

, S3 i, 'W0M9 * ## #

I

A'# >*

JHfilfftjpi

4: j

'.eriJS